 This story is the penultimate in this series. Still deciding on how to end the entire thing. Hope you like this chapter, enjoy. 

****************************

As the corporals proceeded to leave the atrium, a message popped up on both of their personal communicators. It was from the General, the young girl was now awake.

"Come on Jen, let me introduce you to her," John said and they proceeded to head toward the med bay.

"What is her name?"

"It's Ashley, she did not give me a last name.

"My mother's name was Ashley."

"Really, was she a soldier?"

"Yes, a Major in fact, Major Ashley Miranda Collins. A proud warrior and veteran, she died for what she believed in. When she died it was the worst day of my life, she was all I had, my father perished long before that. I enlisted the next day, and started on the road to become who I am today."

"Even though, I never had the pleasure of knowing her, I think there is probably a lot of her in you. The kind of conviction you have Jennifer, speaks for itself."

"Thank you, John that means a lot to me. So what about your family?"

"I was adopted as an orphan, never knew who my real parents were, neither did my adoptive parents. Jack & Liara Hazard, they were good people, neither were soldiers. However, they supported me 100% when I enlisted. They both died before I became corporal. They were buried not far from this base."

"Did you go to their graves, while you were out there?" Jennifer, hesitantly asked.

"Yes, while the crew dug in for the night, I told my crew where I was going, and left for an hour. It certainly put things into perspective. Why I am here and what I am doing."

They then reached the med bay and went inside, John went inside first, as Ashley would recognise him. She was still a little groggy when John entered the room, as the nurses stepped out of the room to tend to their other patients.

Ashley was fair in complexion and adorned with long jet black hair, along with her piercing blue eyes. All of which John had noticed and would never forget.

Jennifer stood on the other side of the glass partition as John sat on a chair beside Ashley. She continued to wonder, is it all worth fighting for, this world, our species. 

Inside the room John watched as Ashley slowly regained her awareness. She moved her head from side to side. She remained a little disorientated and confused.

"Ashley, it's me John."

"John," Ashley replied now a little more awake and aware.

"Yes, it's me, its ok, and you're safe."

"W. . . Where am I?" Ashley enquired.

"You're in a base, a military base, we are building a ship to leave here."

"Is there another part of the world which, isn't like this?" Ashley asked in hope.

"No, I am afraid not, we are leaving this planet, heading to the stars."

"How many of us are going?"

"There are about thousand people are on this base. Civilians and Military."

"Are you in charge here John?"

"Oh no, I'm just a corporal, one of three and General Price, who runs things here."

John then motioned to the glass for Jennifer to come in. Jennifer opened the door and stepped inside.

"Hi Ashley, I'm Jennifer, how are you feeling?"

"I'm ok, probably wouldn't be talking to you if John hadn't saved me."

While the two ladies got to know each other, John got an incoming communication and had to leave, he bid both ladies farewell and headed out.

"So Jennifer, what do you do here?"

"Well I am Corporal Jennifer Carleen Collins, I am also a scientist, I been overseeing and doing work on the ship's engines and drive core."

"Wow, that's amazing, you are quite a woman Jennifer."

"Thank you, it is something I have constantly enjoyed, my whole life."

Sometime had passed and they seemed to be kindred spirits. By the time Jennifer left, she had told her entire life story and Ashley had told hers. This wasn't lost on either of them as to how much they were alike and how similar their circumstances were.

Jennifer, thought about it some more, after she left. It hit her again as how fucked up humanity was and it reinforced her feelings that it would happen again. The thoughts of how she could decide that also crept up on her but, knowing that humanity had collectively destroyed an entire world tended to overshadow that, it was always said that we should not want to meet aliens as they may mirror the worst traits in us, however the best may also be true.

Regardless she went about her usual routine and found herself in her quarters alone once more. She slept, however found herself awaking late in the night, sweating, and a dream which turned to horror was the cause. A forest, a fire, and a child was what filled her head.

What it could all mean, was a mystery to her, "Was it a case of the child representing humanity and the fire representing what we did to it?" Jennifer thought to herself. This was getting worse, and she did not want to jeopardise her work, it was the one thing she had the utmost faith in, she could ill afford for these episodes to take that away from her.

She eventually coaxed herself back to sleep and closed her eyes and managed a semi decent sleep for the rest of the night, and still awoke at her usual early bird time. After her usual morning training session she got into her fatigues, even though it was a day off for her. Further diagnostics were being run on the bridge which would require more power from other areas of the ship. 

Jennifer took the time to visit Ashley once again. Ashley was up and feeling energised. She look much healthier than she did the day before. However, the doctors were weary but they were satisfied her progress.

Ashley and Jennifer shared an embrace as they greeted one another and sat themselves down to talk once more.

"Well you look a lot better than yesterday Ashley."

"Thank you, Jennifer I feel it too, thank goodness for modern medicine."

"Indeed, so do you want to see the base?"

"Sure Jennifer, I would like that, but aren't you busy today?"

"Day off today, besides John is taking care of the ship."

"Well, then let's go."

"Let's."

Jennifer and Ashley left the room, after getting some clothes for Ashley, so she could get out of her hospital gown. They moved through the communal mess, showers and past the airlock. They then came across Jack in the mess hall, enjoying a meal.

"Jack, how are you?"

"Good, I haven't seen you in three days."

"A girl gets busy."

"That you do Jennifer."

"We have a lot to do."

"Yes, we do," Jack replied just before turning his attention to Ashley, "You must be Ashley, a pleasure to meet you."

"A pleasure to meet you as well," Ashley replied.

"Care to join me?"

Jennifer turned her attention to Ashley and she nodded in approval. The two ladies sat down and began to converse with Jack. Ashley revealed more about herself to both Jack and Ashley. Her life, and her history. Jack relayed his story in turn and all three of them got to know one another better by the time they dispersed from the mess hall.

After touring some more, Ashley felt like working up a sweat and Jennifer was only too happy to oblige. They entered the gym and Jennifer turned personal trainer began showing Ashley some easier versions of the workouts she indulged in on a daily basis.

After about an hour or so, they hit the showers, the same communal ones, Jennifer made use of after each shift, and training session. The found two adjacent cubicles and not a soul was in the communal hall as they were involved with the bridge diagnostics among other things.

As Ashley removed her clothes, prior to entering the cubicle, and Jennifer did the same. All the while the corporal admired the other woman's body. It had scars, and remnants of pain. However, the shape was amazing and the shadow that the light over her body was amazing, and Jennifer, getting a little moist at the sight in front of her.

Ashley stepped inside and closed the cubicle behind her, the water began to fall at the same time as it did for Jennifer. Ashley enjoyed the warm water falling onto her body, it had been a welcome relief to have a shower, as it was not something she had for a while. Jennifer had a cold shower, as she was almost immediately attracted. To the woman in front of her the moment she took off her clothes.

Ashley, turned to Jennifer and said "Thank you Jennifer, this is a treat."

"You're most welcome Ashley."

"Please Jennifer, call me Ash."

"Sure Ash, call me Jen."

"It would be my pleasure Jen."

After the day's activities, they found themselves in Jennifer's private quarters. Jennifer and Ashley, sat together, watching a movie and holding one another quite close. All the while Jennifer slowly stroked through Ashley's hair. After some time, Jennifer, kissed the top of Ashley's head. This action caused Ashley to turn around and engage with Jennifer's lips and tongue.

The two then turned to face each other completely. Ashley's jet black hair contrasted with Jennifer's fiery red head of hair. They locked lips once more, this time with more passion and more lust fueling their every movement. Hands moved, bodies intertwined and the heat between the two was unmistakable.

Even if it was twenty below zero on the other side of the door, the inside of Jennifer's quarters would feel no different.Jennifer laid her lips on every inch of Ashley's body. 

She played close attention and was extra tender over each scar that was upon Ashley's back, all that she had suffered was being washed away at Jennifer's tender touch. Ashley was always a little conscience about her scars, but mostly, she didn't care, it was remnants of all that she survived all that tried to end her, but could not.

Jennifer, turned Ashley back over and locked lips with her once again, while her hand took to massaging and stimulating Ashley's gorgeous pussy. Once Jennifer released her lips from Ashley's she watched as Ashley turned her head back gasped in sheer pleasure. Jennifer's fingers tended to 

Ashley's pussy with supreme skill, just like she was doing with the engine bay of the ship.

Jennifer began to move her fingers rapidly bringing Ashley ever closer to orgasm. Once Ashley's orgasm had arrived she became extremely vocal about it. Her voice howled against the walls of the room and quietened down as her orgasm slowly subsided.

Once Ashley regained control of her senses once more, she took command and grabbed Jennifer. She brought her in for a kiss, a deep, long, and passionate one. Whilst still on her back, Ashley reached and began to go to work on Ashley's pussy. Jennifer was taken aback however, but absolutely loved the idea of someone else taking control.

Jennifer grabbed the railing of the headboard and propped her feet on the railing at the foot of the bed. Ashley, slipped under and re-positioned herself under Jennifer, so her tongue could get to work on her pussy. Ashley began once again with her fingers, on one hand she fingered the lips of her pussy and on the other she stroked through Jennifer's red pubic hair.

Jennifer was at a loss for words and gasp was all she could let out. They way Ashley's fingers moved drove her wild, hitting her g-spot every single time. Jennifer was quickly losing composure and an orgasm was proceeding at an imminent pace.

Jennifer could not contain herself any longer and let loose her orgasm. Her pussy juices sprayed fourth with fury and Ashley felt her warm bodily fluids on her hand. She slowly pulled them out of Jennifer's pussy and tenderly licked them off, savouring each lick and the taste that was now filling not just her mouth but her entire body.

Jennifer still a little dazed and also amazed at how much had come out of her these past few days. Jennifer was always happiest right after coming. Now it became clear to her that it did not matter whether it was a man or a woman she would come regardless.

Jennifer regained her sense and grabbed Ashley. She moved around so that they two scissor one another. The pair of them grinded and gyrated hard on each other's pussy clearly intent on bringing forth orgasms all around. Their bodies were covered in sweat, the smell of their collective pussy juices filled the room and the soundproofing ensured that their moans did not leave the room either.

The pussies were drenched by that point already wet from orgasms and wet from what they were doing. The bodies were tingling all over, there was not a part of either of them that was not engulfed in lust. The scissoring continued, as did their moaning, sweating and lust for one another at that point.

Their fucking continued undisturbed and eventually they reached orgasm in unison. They screamed, their bodies shook and they laid back exhausted, breathing heavily, and thoroughly satisfied. Jennifer felt as though all was well with the world, even though it clearly was not.

"That was incredible," Jennifer said, whilst still catching her breath.

"Agreed," Ashley replied, just as out of breath.

They laid back let their sweat evaporate, their bodies recover, and regain their composure, after what they had just done to one another.

Once they had come down from their respective erotic highs, Ashley and Jennifer put their clothes back on slowly and proceeded back to Ashley's room which had been prepared for her during the day. It was quite close to the infirmary, just in case.

Jennifer made sure Ashley was inside her room. She blew her a kiss and closed the door behind her as she left. 

Jennifer, felt joy in the first in a long time. She suspected, that maybe, just maybe her faith in humanity was slowly but surely being restored. Her walk back to her quarters was joyful, she felt genuinely happy. 

Jennifer, entered her room, slipped into her bed, after she flipped the mattress and changed the sheets. She looked into the darkness and smiled. Her mind drifted to sleep and her body followed.