 Sarah groaned, but licked at the sweet, cum-drenched breasts that Jenny thrust into her face, regardless. Jenny giggled delightedly at her tongue and rubbed them into Sarah cheeks. 

"Mmmmmhhhmmmm!" she squealed. "Okay there, sleepyhead! That's enough of that! Time to rise and shine!" 

Jenny withdrew her tits from Sara's mouth and squeezed them together with her hands, just out of her lover's reach. 

"You want more of this, don't you?" she asked.

Sarah nodded, a look of pleading on her face.

"Good." Jenny released both breasts, and turned to the dresser. "But I'm going to make you wait until we've found Meralin again. You did promise, remember?"

Of all the things that Sarah secretly loved about Jenny, it was the fact that Jenny understood it was the chase she loved the most. And, of all the girls that Sarah had been with, it was Jenny whom she loved to chase the most. After all, who wouldn't love chasing after Jennifer's ass? Most girls bounce when they walk (something that Sarah always loved when it came to the physical chase), but Jenny's tush was so round and lovely that it seemed to bounce when she so much as thought about walking. Even just looking at her standing before the dresser, sweat beaded on the small of her back, pert behind geometrically-round, pussy lips spread just below, made Sarah drool a little. 

"I remember," Sarah said, her cock throbbing to enter that perfect ass.

Jenny laughed a bright, twinkling laugh, and pulled on a long, tight gray sweater that barely covered her pussy-lips. She went to the windows and threw the curtains wide so that the morning's golden sunlight fell upon her and made her glow. 

"Well, come on then," she said, dancing to the bed and pressing her smiling face and shining eyes close to Sarah's. "Let's get out of bed and head on with the day!"

She withdrew her face and, arms held daintily to her side, danced out of the room. 

Sarah, in the coming days, would barely remember getting out of bed, dressing herself, or eating breakfast. She certainly remembered, however, following Jenny's rear out to the edge of the pressing forest. 

But then, how could she be expected to devote any mental faculties to efforts which weren't directly involved with following her girlfriend's ass?

#

Meralin, the witch, lived not far away (sometimes), and very far away (other times). She had a house in the forest which pressed close Jenny and Sarah's small town, and although Sarah was reasonably certain that her house didn't move through Meralin's magic, she could not be so sure that the trees themselves didn't sometimes pick it up and bear it away to new locales. Some mornings, when Sarah looked out of the window, she saw Meralin's bright window peeking out of the trees not one hundred yards away, other mornings, she would spot it way around the other side of town. But, mostly, she didn't see it at all. Just the evening before, she'd seen its windows close by, near to the forest's edge. But, this morning its light was nowhere to be seen.

There were a lot of things in the forest which the girls did not want to upset. There were evil witches who lived in huts and toyed with passerby and malicious wizards who lived in ancient castles with crumbling parapets and ivy-festooned walls, there were swamps and bogs and things which smelled rank and which pulled one down until they could never hope to escape, there were errant knights who'd lost their minds long ago and who have since fallen upon unwary passerby. There were many other things, besides. 

But, there were also a pleasant things in the forest, which the girls would have been happy to stumble upon. There were sun-filled clearings with magic chalices in their centers that would fulfill your heart's greatest desire, there were wise old stones which provided prudent advice when asked about mundane things, there were enchanted wolves that would take you anywhere you wanted to go if you petted them along their flank, and there were trees whose sap could be made into an aphrodisiac so powerful not even a witch could resist. 

The witch Meralin was not one of these small marvels, however; she was, of all the other marvels, perhaps the grandest. 

The only problem was that, although Sarah had run across her twice before, both experiences had been accidental. She had no more idea how to find Meralin again than she did any of the other marvels. But, after Jenny had gotten it into her head that she wanted a cock to match Sarah's, she'd worked at Sarah's resolve until finally, Sarah had cracked and promised to take Jenny.

#

Rickety old houses butted up against the edge of town, leaning away from the forest as though afraid of it, and the path which led into the trees was a line of green, barely touched grass. No one walked on the path, nor did anyone maintain it, and the common supposition was that a strong magic kept it in pristine condition. Jenny, eyes shining in the morning light, took Sarah's hand in her own and pressed it into the space between her breasts, craning her lips down to kiss it. 

"You sure you want this?" Sarah said to her.

Jenny looked at the forest for a little while, then turned to look at Sarah again. While Jenny had not changed from her long sweater (Sarah had long ago grown accustomed to her never wearing appropriate clothing), Sarah wore a red blouse which hugged her breasts and a pair of cotton stockings, through which the bulge of her cock was clearly visibly. Jenny looked at Sarah's bulge, licked her lips, and nodded. 

"It looks so pretty, Sarah," she said, biting her lip and staring at the outline of Sarah's bizarre womanhood before looking down and lifting her sweater to view the smooth, cock-less line of her panties. She glanced quickly at the imposing trees looming before them, and at the quaint houses piled up the forest's edge (that is, to uncertainty and to safety), before nodding. "As long as you're with me," she said, "I'm sure I want this."

So, off they went, Sarah leading the way, and Jenny marveling at the subtle view she had of Sarah's gorgeous cock tucked away in the leggings. Sarah would much rather have had Jenny lead the way, so that she could admire her girlfriend's pert rear, but she knew that Jenny would soon be nervous if she were to lead. Such were the sacrifices that lovers make for one another. 

The path through the forest began easily enough. For all their height, the trees didn't block out too much sunlight so close to town, and small birds tittered to one another in their heights. Walking behind Sarah, Jenny smiled to herself and pretended the jerk off the cock that she wanted. 

Although Sarah's was large, surely large, and although it fit Jenny's pussy perfectly (pressing her walls just as much as she liked, and making her feel so full of Sarah that Jenny felt she belonged to her, that she had been made for the sole purpose of being filled by Sarah's cock), Jenny knew that Sarah had always appreciated size. Oftentimes when they made love, Jenny would slip three or four fingers into Sarah's snatch, drawing moans and sighs from her. And, because of this, Jenny had gotten it into her head that she wanted a cock wide enough to stretch Sarah to her fullest extent. She thought that her new cock might come up a little shorter than her breasts when erect (the thought of filling Sarah with all that length made her pussy drip), but would be wide as well. She thought a little narrower than her wrist might suffice. 

And so, she walked behind Sarah practicing her masturbation techniques with a large thing, her thumb and fingers spread wide, and her hands moving high up into the air before her. 

Before long, an odd breeze blew around the couple's ankles and Sarah, in front, felt it lift at the hem of her blouse. Jenny, too, felt it curl around her ankles and knees. Though neither of them paid much mind to it. 

As they continued on, the light grew dim and the breeze became more insistent. It blew through the cotton of Sarah's leggings, and (while it was not strong enough to entertain her phallus) it tickled her lips like a small, cold tongue. It brushed against her pussy like a hesitant lover, moistening her quickly, and she was just on the verge of suggesting a place to sit and relieve herself when Jenny let out a nervous giggle and a moan. 

Sarah turned and saw Jenny walking with her sweater hiked up around her hips and her hands desperately trying to push it back down again. She looked like she was having a go of it, and the expression on her face was half fearful, half aroused, and entirely confused.

"Baby," she said when Sarah turned to looked at her. "It won't stop, and now I'm so wet. Help me, please, baby."

Her eyes were pleading and because her sweater was being forced up by the breeze, Sarah could see that she wore white cotton panties. The cotton by her lips was damp with moisture, and were dark with it even in the forest's twilight.

Jenny stumbled forward, abandoning her hands to fighting the breeze, but a root in the path snagged her foot and she began to fall. As she fell, two things happened. 

Firstly, the breeze lifted her sweater all the way up to her breasts, exposing her toned stomach and just the barest glimpse of her small, unbound bust. Secondly, she reached out instinctively for Sarah, grabbing hold of her around the waist and leaving her face just next to Sarah's already excited member. 

Jenny gave a small whimper that was not solely from snagging her foot. 

"Please, Sarah," she whimpered, "I'm scared it'll enter me, and I only want you to do that." She looked up at her lover, her beautiful green eyes brimming with tears, and sobbed quietly into Sarah's stomach. "Please, baby. Help me."

Sarah, always in love with being in control, ran a hand through Jenny's hair and forced her sweater back down over her hips. She lifted her girlfriend into her arms (how light Jenny was! Perhaps the addition of a penis had made Sarah more like a man in other ways as well) and, set off again.

"I can't right now, kitten," she said. "We need to keep going if we want to reach Meralin's before dark."

So, holding Jenny in a manner similar to that of a child (though vastly changed because of their proportions), Sarah kept walking as Jenny sobbed into her shoulder.

Sarah held Jenny with one arm on her back, and the other securing the girl's sweater below her rear. Their hips fit against one another's, and Jenny's legs wrapped around Sarah's hips. 

"It's going to be all right, kitten," Sarah said, "My cock is the only one that'll ever be in you."

Jenny sobbed into Sarah's shoulder.

The breeze still tugged at Jenny's dress, and Sarah kept it secured with a hand on her rump. Jenny soon settled down and, their breasts pressed against one another's, began to coo gently into Sarah's shoulder. 

The breeze, although it could no longer access Jenny's nethers, did not cease to pester the pair as they walked along. Quite the opposite, it appeared to have redirected all of its efforts towards Sarah, instead.

The breeze brushed insistently past her lips and the cold air breathed around the head of her cock like a kiss in the winter. Jenny, hips around Sarah, breasts pressed together, moist pussy dampening the front of Sarah's tunic, lips sighing contentedly into her ear, and ass held gently by Sarah's hand, began to grind her own lips into Sarah's body. Sarah felt her member swell in her tights, pressed against her leg.

Jenny's moist pussy leaked out onto Sarah, and Sarah felt it dampen too, her leggings with warmth. The smell of lust reached up to her nose and made her whole body tingle with delight. 

They did not stop for relief, as Sarah knew too well that they needed to reach a safe place before nightfall if Jenny was to remain hers, but the breeze had gotten into her underwear and was now forcibly pulling her lips apart, lapping at her body's nectar. The cock she'd tucked away so diligently that morning strained against her legging's material, now pointing straight downwards, grew harder by the second as the breeze lapped and lapped at her pussy. 

Sarah's breathing grew short and she could feel the dampness of her pussy leaking down her leg. She could go a bit farther, still, she thought, until a breath of wind forced itself inside her lips and spread her hole wide. She gasped at this, held Jenny tight against her body so that she wouldn't drop her, and buried her face in her lover's hair as the release of the thrust brought a tiny orgasm from her. The suddenness of the wind's entry sent little pulses through down her legs, and up into her chest, choking at her throat. It did not stop at one thrust, either, and soon Sarah was walking along being fucked by the wind.

"It's still working you, isn't it, baby?" Jenny whispered softly into her ear.

Sarah bit her lip as the wind thrust in and out of her, looked deep into those beautiful green eyes, and nodded. 

Jenny let out a coo of delight and pressed her lips against Sarah's neck, kissing it up and down. "Don't worry, baby," she said, "I might not want you to share me with anything, but I don't mind sharing you!"

Jenny pressed her lips suddenly against Sarah's own, biting down playfully on her lower lip, and just at that second, Sarah's cock burst forth from her leggings to smack against the arm holding Jenny's tush. 

"Oh!" Jenny squealed as it landed. "I felt that, Sarah!"

Sarah couldn't help but blush, trying at once to focus on her girlfriend, and walk in such a way that the breeze could not access her pussy, though this was causing it to make startling advances against her butt instead.

"You know," Jenny said, wrapping her legs tight around Sarah's hips to take the weight off of her hand, "You've gotten so strong since that dick sprang out of you... I wonder if your cock has gotten that strong, too."

So saying, she hoisted herself up off of Sarah's hand, dangling her fruit just above the tip of her lover's cock, and allowing it to drip, one drop at a time, onto the head of her lover's lust. The breeze must have noticed this, because it rushed back to Jenny's sweater, lifting it up and away, then to her panties, dragging those to the side and getting at her lips, as well. 

"Well, thanks for helping, but I'm hers," Jenny said to the breeze before swatting it away. "And since you seem so eager for two holes, you should know that she has two for you. But this one is reserved for her."

Jenny slid down Sarah's front as the breeze took her advice, opening up Sarah's ass while it pounded into her pussy. Sarah could do little more than gasp and gulp as the wind fucked her, but when Jenny slid her moist hole over Sarah's engorged cock, gripping it tightly, she couldn't even make those sounds. She opted, instead, to wrap both arms around Jenny's back, pressing her tightly against her chest while she slid up and down over Sarah's shaft. 

Still, Sarah did not stop walking (well, more trudging at this point) forward. Her steps were shaky and could you blame her for this? Both holes being violated by the wind, and her cock being gripped by the tight young hole of her lover would be enough to make anyone stumble. The scent of their lovemaking filled the air and, borne on the breeze, was so strong that it made Sarah's head spin. The smell was so sweet and tangy and it reminded her of home.

"We can stop for a little, you know," Jenny whispered into Sarah's ear, her moistness rising up slowly, and then falling back down abruptly along Sarah's shaft. "Take a breather for a little while." She nibbled playfully at Sarah's ear as orgasm after orgasm left Sarah shaking and trembling.

It's a miracle Sarah managed to get out the words, "Can't. Not safe. Things in the woods," between the flashes of light which traveled up from her pussy, ass, and into her breasts. 

The color rose up into her face and their breasts pressed against one another made Sarah's nipples feel like little bolts of lightning were striking them over and over again. She'd never had her ass fucked like this before, and she could feel the juices from her pussy slurping down to her taint, only to be grabbed up again by the breeze and sent twirling into her asshole, so that her body was filled with her own horniness. 

No. More than that. She could feel Jenny's juices, too, sliding down the length of her shaft and being borne up into her pussy by the breeze's thrusts. She could feel their relative cold mixing with her own up as far as her womb, then sliding down again with hers, warmed by her body's heat, and making the trek up into her asshole. 

She felt so full of her own love, and that of Jenny's, her love for Jenny, that she would have traded almost anything (not Jenny, never Jenny) to be this full of Jenny's juices all the time. She felt warm and whole and, although she was truly being fucked senseless by the wind, she felt as though she were more Jenny's than she ever had before. She wanted to stand Jenny up and tease her over and over again, so that her pussy dripped, dripped, dripped, for hours. Then she wanted to take all that dripping into a cup and drink it down, gulp after glorious gulp, taking her lover into herself. 

So thinking, she felt the tightening of her pussy (tight enough to almost push the wind out) which preceded her cock's separate orgasm. 

"I'm going to cum, kitten," she said breathlessly into Jenny's ear. "Are you ready for me to cum in you?"

"Oh, please," Jenny said, resting her head on Sarah's shoulder and closing her eyes. "Please, Sarah. Make me yours again."

Her cum swelled up in her pussy first, before making the trek up her shaft and spurting out and out, wave after wave, into Jenny's waiting pussy. Sarah could not walk anymore while she came like this and so she stopped and held Jenny close to her. While she came, the wind must have sensed that something important was happening, because it relented, drew back along the length of her legs, and away. 

"Oh, you're so warm," Jenny sighed. "I want to be this warm forever."

Still, burst after burst flowed into Jenny's own spasming pussy, and Sarah's legs shook so badly that she sank first onto her knees, then fell over into the soft, grassy path, Jenny pressed by her weight into the grass. Her cum seeped from Jenny's pussy onto the ground around her, staining Jenny's sweater, while the love juices from her ass's fucking sloshed around inside of her and made her feel full and warm and content. 

They did not lay there for long, though, before a woman's voice behind them said, "Well, I can't say much about being that warm forever, dearie, but if I have my way, you'll want for little."

Struggling heavily to get up, Sarah resigned herself to rolling over in time to see the most strangely beautiful, imperious-looking woman in the world float towards them. The woman's hair was black and she wore short, black robes, pulled aside to let her ample breasts see the world. The robes' skirt was short and hiked up so that Sarah could see the woman being thrust into over and over again by the wind, as she had been moments before. 

She soared towards them leaning forwards in mid-air, her pussy being pumped open and closed, and Sarah realized that she was born along by the breeze that was fucking her, because her robes fluttered and her tits pulled this way and that by what must have been the breeze's fingers. Her hair flew in the wind around her, but her face smiled benignly. 

"Meralin?" Jenny asked as Sarah processed all that she saw before her.

"No, child," the woman said, "I am Eralin, dear Meralin's sister. And you two, now, are mine."