 There he is, Shinji, the man who puts fear in his opponents with one simple look; the man who killed my mother, Asuka thought to herself. His back was to her as he continued to walk down the darkened forest path. Asuka had her pistol pointed at him. This is my chance, she thought, it's now or never! "Stop! I am Asuka from the northern regions of Baorin and I'm here to collect the bounty on your head." 

Rain started to fall. Shinji stopped in his tracks, a smile forming on his face. Thoughts formed in his head. So, this woman thinks she is a match for an immortal like me? 

Asuka saw his figure tense in the darkness. His dark robes danced around him in the wind, his head slightly down to keep his pointed straw hat in between his face and the rain. Her heart started racing and for one split second, she thought she heard thunder. She blinked and pain shot through her hand as her gun flew from her grasp. She cried out as she slowly fell backwards. Watching in slow motion as her gun flew from her hand in opposite directions. He had unsheathed his samurai sword and sliced her pistol in half! His body faced her while his head remained down so she could not see his face. 

As her ass hit the ground, cries of fear and shock escaped her lips. He stood up and sheathed his sword. He slowly raised his head and their eyes met. She became more frightened then. His eyes were blood red and an evil grin formed on his lips. She began to hold her hand closer to herself, as though she were gripping a teddy bear in front of her chest.

Making his way towards her, she became more and more frightened. Naturally, she scooted back with every step forward he took. Suddenly, her back hit against something and she was out of the rains path. What? she thought. A cabin, here in the forest? But, it wasn't here before! It's him, Shinji. They told me he had supernatural powers that can play with the mind; but I thought it was all bullshit. I mustn't give in. She closed her eyes and turned her face away. A gust of wind came by and as it left she opened her eyes expecting him gone. Instead, he was right in front of her and with one hand on either side of her arms, he began to raise her to her feet. Instinctively her hands balled into fists and she covered her breasts with her forearms. All she could do was stare back into his blood red eyes. She showed fear, yet she felt calm. Her senses were mixed, mind and spirit going north and south. She wanted to run and yet she could not move.

She started to take all of him in; the broadness of his shoulders; the strength in his hands; the difference in their height. With his hat, he seemed to tower over her. His evil grin along with the look in his blood red eyes made her small peach moist. She thought, Why do I feel this way? It has to be his powers, he is starting to take control of me and I'm actually...enjoying it! No, I must not let him win. He killed my mother!

"Let me go," Asuka said very sternly, trying very hard to hide her fear and her confused passion. 

He chuckled and it sounded evil and amused. He removed his hat, letting it fall to the ground and placed his hands on either side of her against the cabin. He pushed his lower body into hers, pinning her there. Thrusting his pelvis against hers he said softly, wickedly, "So, you still want the bounty on my head?"

She softly inhaled as the very act made her even more moist. She cringed at herself, closed her eyes and turning her head away thought, I must not let him win. I will collect that bounty and avenge my mother!

"Don't fight it," he said softly. His head tilted and he brought his mouth to her ear. His right finger traced the skin showing from her left shoulder all the way down to the front of her robes, stopping right in-between her breasts as he whispered, "I know you want me Asuka. I can smell the faintest hint of your sweet love juice starting to pool in between your thighs."

Her eyes and mouth shot open as an embarrassed gasp came from her. Her hands fell to either side of her as she stared back at him, blushing. He pulled at her robe jerking her body slightly forward. As her back hit against the cabin her robes fell open, exposing her vulnerable naked body. A moan escaped his lips as he cupped her left breast with his hand. Pushing it upwards he bent down and covered her nipple with his mouth. 

"Ah no," she cried. 

He knew she was fighting, but he also knew it wouldn't last long, for no woman had ever resisted his power. He loved a challenge and she was only a small one. Other women kneeled at his feet when he crossed their path, begging him to fuck them. Asuka had spent the last 5 years hating him, searching him out to kill him; never knowing the truth of what had happened the day her mother died. Never knowing that he too had lost someone and that he was not the killer she so viciously sought. He bit down on her nipple as his thoughts started to cloud his mind. She cried out and brought him back to the present. Not now, he thought, I cannot be distracted by hatred. Instead I will take solace in the sweet warmth of Asuka. 

Easing the grip between her nipple and his teeth, he continued to break her down before him and loved every minute of it.

"Please, no," she said softly. She was starting to enjoy it and she knew it.

He released her nipple and smiled widely, maliciously. In one smooth movement he squatted down in front of her, forced her thighs onto his shoulders and stood back up. She cried out from the sudden movement and looked down at him in shock. There was no way she could get down even if she wanted to. Forced to stay still on his shoulders, her fingers rested in his dark brown hair. His mouth was right in front of her pussy. Her sweet smell filled his nostrils and staring up at her he smiled. His eyes turned a darker red and he moved his mouth to her pussy. She tried to keep his face away by pulling his hair, but as soon as his lips touched hers the pulling stopped. She moaned and rested her head back against the cabin, all tenseness leaving her body. Her eyes closing halfway, all she could hear was the hard rain and her soft moans. The wetter she got, the harder the rain fell. It looked like a perfect sheet of water falling behind Shinji. She knew he was causing it as a form of protection against anyone or anything that was wandering in the forest with them tonight. Just as he had caused this cabin to appear from no where. His powers are real, she thought. He's using them so I will love him now instead of hate him. Hate him for killing my mother!

As if knowing her thoughts, he bit down on her swollen clit and she cried out in both pain and pleasure. Having jolted her back into the moment of now and the sense of touch, he raised his head and looked up. Her face was flushed and she was breathing heavily. Yes, he thought. You're not the only one seeking vengeance my sweet Asuka. But for now, forget all about it and turn your hate for me into sweet sensual hunger.

He brought her back down the same way he picked her up, but this time did it slowly. He slid her robes off her shoulders and allowed them to pool at her feet. He unhooked his sword from his waist and propped it against the wall next to her. For a moment, he tensed and refused to release his sword until he noticed the look in her eyes. The look of pure lustful hunger. She grabbed his robes at his waist and undid them, pushing them off his shoulders to fall at his feet. He was already standing at attention.

As she knelt down in front of him, a pillow formed in front of his feet to keep her knees off the ground. She smiled, knowing he was manifesting such things for her. She gripped his cock with her right hand and slowly covered it with her mouth. She sucked his cock, slowly at first, then greedily. His moans making her want him even more. As much as he enjoyed being in her mouth, he wanted even more to be in her tight wet pussy. She stood and he pressed his entire body against hers. Taking her lips, then moving to kiss her ear, her neck. She moaned as his cock kept brushing against her wet pussy. Aching to feel him inside of it. 

He squatted in front of her again and this time he placed her knees at his elbows. Using the cabin as support he slowly stood up and she wrapped her arms around him. Placing his hands on her ass, he lifted her up and released her to come down over his cock. They both cried out, lost in the pleasure of each others bodies. He slowly moved her ass up and down, allowing his cock to fill her all the way in and all the way out to the tip of his penis. Her face tilted into where his neck met shoulder and she bit down. Not enough to draw blood, but enough to bring the sweetest pleasure from pain.

"Fuck me from behind, please," she whispered into his ear. 

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

He slowly squatted down and released her. She smiled and hungrily kissed his lips. Turning her body towards the cabin she turned her head keeping eye contact with him. She bent down resting her hands against the wall. Her exquisite ass loomed up at him, covered in sweat and flushed from his grip. He placed his left hand on her hip and with his right hand moved his cock up and down the outside of her pussy. She slid back onto his cock, impatient and he smiled. "So you want me to fuck you huh?" Her face turned towards the cabin and tilting her head up she moaned, "Yeeeeees."

Placing both hands on her hips he pulled her into him as he fucked her nice and hard. Her ass bounced with each slap against him and as his cock found it's way deep within her, she cried out with pure pleasure. 

"Ah, more Shinji, more!"

"Oh my god, your pussy is so fucking tight!"

"Mmmm, yeah fuck that tight pussy Shinji. Fuck it like there's no tomorrow."

"Ah!"

He pulled out, he didn't want to cum just yet. She quivered, her pussy aching to feel the hardness of his cock back inside of it. 

"I want to see you," he said.

Thick blankets appeared to the right in between the cabin and the sheet of rain. The pillow that was at her knees was now under his head as he laid down. She took in her surroundings and was surprised that she did not feel cold. She was lost in his world of sensual touch and she cared about nothing else. Looking down at him he said, "Bounce for me." She climbed on top of him and slowly sheathed his dick with her tight pussy. They both moaned, uncontrollably. Her knees and thighs moved her up and down, hands on his abs, her tits moving the opposite direction she bounced. Each cry eventually became louder and harder. He sat up and grabbing her to him, quickly moved so she was under him. Still inside her, he grabbed her left leg and placed her knee onto his right shoulder. She grabbed onto his back and he fucked her. He fucked her until they both came- long, hard and violent. Along with their cries came the darkness.

Asuka awoke the next morning in bed, the sun shining a beam trough the window and onto the floor. She thought, was it all just a dream? It seemed so incredibly real. She moved the blankets to one side and looking down saw her pistol. It wasn't broken. Her eyes became wide as she looked around the room. This is not my room, she told herself, it's the cabin! She grabbed her pistol and ran outside the front door. As soon as she stepped out, wind blew fiercely, forcing her to close her eyes for just a moment. When she re-opened them, she looked around hoping to find Shinji. Instead, the cabin was gone and all that was left was her and the forest.

But how could that be? What happened after everything went black? Oh try to remember!

She thought back to the previous night. She tried to remember past the darkness, but all that kept coming to mind was the passionate animal fucking. She blushed. Closing her eyes, a memory came to her. She was back at her home, moments before her Mom died. She saw Shinji standing on the hill near her mother, and her hatred returned. Except this time, it wasn't just Shinji and her Mom; another man was there. He looked more evil and more fearful than the look in Shinjis' blood red eyes. The man had long black hair and his face was like that of a cobra. It was Hirusai! His sword was up resting on his shoulders, blood dripping from the blade. She heard Shinji scream, "You killed my wife!" just as Hirusais' blade went into her Mom. Shinji had tried to slash his sword away, but it was too late. He was blinded by hate for a split second and scarred Hirusais eye instead, just before he disappeared with the wind. That's when she had found him, thinking his final blow was why her mother was dead. All along it was Hirusai who killed her mother, and poor Shinjis' wife.

You told me the truth with a dream, she thought. Oh, and all this time I was tracking the wrong man.

She fell to her knees, tears welling up in her eyes as she thought what would have happened had she fought him without ever knowing the truth. An Eagle cried above her and before it's flight, she saw it's blood red eyes. Shinji. He had taken bird form. Pulling herself together she said, "The enemy of my enemy is my friend," and followed Shinji with a new purpose. We will avenge them together, I swear it! 

-Leilene Li