 Humanity had failed, they had destroyed their own home, their cradle, their point of origin. Now they had to go, soon planet earth would be nothing but a barren wasteland, one filled with regret and torment. The greed of humans had defeated the good of humans. A Colossal Space ship had been constructed and was to represent the Phoenix that would be humanity rising from the ashes. Hence the appropriate name of Renovatio, which is Latin for rebirth.

Around one thousand humans were left, or rather around seven hundred humans had made it to the safe zone were the space ship had been constructed along with the three hundred scientists and engineers building the ship. Three years it took to complete and it was magnificent, one of the grandest things humanity had achieved. However, not a single person involved in its construction had felt that, knowing full well they were building it to leave earth and that humans destroyed their planet and had to build it or they would all die.

Corporal Jennifer Collins, watched over the engine bay as the three massive hydro-fusion engines hummed into life and began to illuminate the FTL core and the ship's interior. The blue hue bathed the ship in light. It served as a stark contrast to her long deep red hair. The cabins for the passengers, workstations for the engineers and the stasis pods which would accommodate over a thousand people. 

The ship itself was massive, it was long sleek, with and arrow tip at the front tapering into a long box shape which flowed into the wide wings at the rear of the craft. Large ports are were the emissions from the engine would escape and the large walkway which lowered onto the ground for all the people still doing finishing touches and final preparations on the ship for its departure.

This was one thing the Corporal was concerned about. They knew were they would go, however what they would find there remained a spine chilling mystery. However, of bigger concern was ensuring humanity would not repeat its destructive nature and path. All of this would be for nothing if a few thousand years from now humans leave the next planet in a worse state then they were leaving this one.

"Jennifer," a voice called out.

The corporal turned to see Jack Churchill another corporal who had been overseeing work on the stasis pods. He had been pretty much the only person working on the ship that had felt more excitement about humanity's future than anyone else. 

"Jack, how are you doing?" She enquired.

"Not too bad, under the circumstances," came his understated yet still cheerful reply.

Without another word Jack leaned in and kissed the corporal on the lips. She was taken a back and looked around quickly hoping nobody saw. Fortunately for her there was no one about, everybody was on their lunch breaks and in the hangar's mess hall outside the ship.

"Jack you need to be careful," Jennifer scolded.

"Why, we are just having some fun, does the end of this world change any of that?"

"No, we just need to focus, humanity's future is uncertain and may hinge on our actions, our work here, will determine how well this flying tub is put together."

"I . . . you're right, I am sorry. Didn't realise you were taking this so hard."

"It's not your fault, this is just weighing on my mind heavily."

Jennifer began shed a tear which Jack proceeded to wipe away and bring her in close to comfort her. He kissed her again, this time, softer and she didn't hesitate this time. For the first time in ten years, she let go, they soon found themselves with more than kissing on their mind.

Jack reached for Jennifer's zip and began to pull it down, revealing her amazing body. Her luscious cleavage came into view as it gently pushed against the fabric of her uniform. The zip ended at her waist and Jennifer then slipped of the sleeves of her uniform leaving her upper body exposed to the lights of the engine room. Her light Caucasian skin glowed through the blue light as her gorgeous breasts stood firm and proud and were all natural.

Jennifer undid the Velcro strap on the waist of her uniform and gestured Jack to pull it down. This he did, without hesitation and slowly slid her uniform down the length of her gorgeous legs. All the while he kept his eyes fixated on her gorgeous pussy. Jack looked away as he untied the laces on Jennifer's work boots and slipped them off in order to relieve her of her uniform.

Now the corporal was stood in the engine room naked and Jack had begun to work his tongue on her pussy. She gasped at the way he touched her down and their and what he did with his tongue.

"Oh fuck," Jennifer gasped as she was overloaded with pleasure, which indicated just how much she had needed to fuck. It seemed as though the tension was being released. It had been more than half a decade since she last fucked. All of the worry was escaping, a little relief and forgetting about everything else for the moment was certainly needed.

Jack also took the time to run his hands up her legs, caressing her ass and fondling it ever so gently as he continued to blow her fucking mind with the way he was using his tongue on her most tender of bits. Whether her lack of sex was behind her overwhelmed feelings of what was going on or her extreme amount of stress, she didn't in the least care.

Jacks fingers soon found their way to her pussy and began to assist his tongue in fondling her pussy. Jennifer had no words to reply to what she was feeling, nothing seemed to phase her, even if there were a hundred watching her at that very moment she wouldn't notice a single one of them as her eyes were firmly shut and her mind somewhere else, somewhere far, far away.

It was as though everything in her life that had transpired had never happened. All the pain was absent, missing from Jennifer's life. Jack continued, seemingly keen to bring her to orgasm before she got his prick deep inside her.

This seemed imminent as Jennifer increased the tempo with which her body shook and vibrated. Jack had moved his tongue away and began to vigorously thrust three of his fingers in and out of her cunt.

She screamed with gust as the motion was shattering her mind set. She screamed as he continued bringing her to orgasm and then she erupted, screamed, howled and cussed as her first orgasm for the afternoon was under her proverbial belt.

Still there was nobody about, not a soul to hear what was going on in that engine bay. Jennifer's pussy juice dripped a little onto the grated catwalk which overlooked the engine bay. 

Jennifer dipped her fingers into her soaking wet cunt and licked off the pussy juice with her tongue.

"Hmm, Jack, that was delicious, now you over there," Jennifer cooed as instructed Jack to do her bidding.

Jack complied and put his back to the railing and gripped the bars with his hands. Jennifer tip toed toward him, eyeing his crotch all the way. She kneeled down and began to undo his pants and slowly slide them down, along with his boxers to reveal his proud member pointing straight at her.

She ran the tips of her finger nails over his balls and along the length of his shaft.

He gritted his teeth as she did so. She decided to end her teasing and lick the tip then proceed to lubricate his shaft with her luscious tongue. Once she was satisfied with its lubrication she placed her mouth over the tip of his cock and began to make her way down, moving more of his cock into her mouth inch by inch.

She built up a rhythm moving her head along his shaft and sending him in to sheer madness. She eventually found his cock lubricated to her satisfaction. She gestured him to stay where he was, she simply turned around, bended at her waist and offered her cunt and asshole, for his enjoyment.

Jack released his grip from the railings and grasped Jennifer's body and drew her in closer. He first put the tip of his shaft inside Jennifer's awaiting pussy. She cooed and purred as Jack slide his member inside her pussy slowly. She savoured every inch of his shaft as he continued to slide it in, until it was all the way in and that signaled him to start fucking her.

She screamed at the sudden ferocity with which Jack began to pound away fucking her furious fast causing the sounds of their bodies smacking together to echo throughout the engine room. Jennifer struggled a bit to find her footing as the way her pussy was being fucked was being felt throughout her entire body.

Seemingly without warning, Jack had brought Jennifer to orgasm yet again and she had no time to relax or catch her breath, as Jack wanted to head toward his own release. It took some time, Jennifer had no need to move to another position as Jack's extremely powerful thrusting was proving difficult her to remain on her feet.

Jack felt his balls tingling, heading toward release. He continued pounding away and thrusting even harder the closer to orgasm he got. He soon released and shot his cum deep inside her.

Jack released his hands from Jennifer's body and gripped the railing to keep him from falling over. Jennifer collapsed onto the floor and tried to catch her breath. She a little dazed and confused, he had fucked her so hard, her pussy was fucked raw and she wanted to do nothing but lie there, even for a little while.

However, her senses found her quickly and she got herself back into her uniform and resumed watch over the engine bay, even though her legs were still a little shaky from the fucking she had received earlier. It seemed not a moment too soon as she noticed a few individuals filtering into the engine bay.

The crew members got to tweaking and slight modifications of the engine as they had been for the past few days. Jennifer stood watch the rest of the day and clocked out at the end of the day. She left, heading down the ship's massive slip way and the short distance into the hangar and quarters.

The outside of the ship was exposed to the elements but it was designed to do so. The earth was in ruins, the air was a brown haze which had made a re-breather necessary. Jennifer would always look around and feel a little sad had what had happened to the earth. There was no more grass, or trees, the ground was lifeless sand, and the sun and moon blocked out and the sky a permanent brown.

Jennifer then made her way inside the hangar, passing through pressurisation, decontamination, and finally into the facility itself. It was mostly open plan with mess hall, showers, but with rooms filled with cabins.

She made her way through the throng of people, makeshift beds, and the tables that were organised throughout. The military showers were simply shower heads aimed in between open cylinders which were and closed when the person was inside albeit only with their torso covered.

The corporal stepped inside and closed the shower door. She turned her back to the people as she undressed. She got back into her stated of undress that she was in earlier in the engine room. Jennifer stacked her clothes aside and opened the shower up. The water began to cascade and Jennifer felt the day's stress wash away slightly. It was a ritual she would go through every day, it might have been what kept her going.

She finished up her shower and got dressed. She stepped out of the shower area and sauntered over to the mess hall. She grabbed some of the MRE style food and sat and consumed it in silence. Jack was nowhere to be seen, he might have been on the ship still. Jennifer really did not want to see him, or she would most certainly be flooded with lust.

She then retired to her bunk, and being one of the corporals in charge of the ship's construction, she had her own cabin. She just about collapsed onto the bed and looked up and exhaled as though she had her breath held the entire day. She knew the importance of what she was doing, but she wondered was it worth doing.

"What if humanity does this again, we find another planet and the cycle starts all over again." Jennifer thought to herself.

This thought was lurking around in the back of her mind. All the while the ship was being built. She had a little hope that this time around things would be different but, she could not help but feel that nothing would change. Destroying an entire planet, one that was home to a few billion people was done so easily. What would stop this happening again on another world? 

These things crossed her mind, but she did her utmost to ensure that no one else was aware. Jack certainly was none the wiser. Jack simply took her serious nature for nothing more than nerves and the importance of getting everything right.

Jennifer eventually fell asleep and awoke the following day around 5 am. She got into the gym for usual hour long training. Not a day would go by when she did not train. 

However, what she cherished most was being a scientist, engineer, and a pioneer. The technology the ship was using, she had pioneered. Her drive to better humanity was certainly evident, and many innovations on the ship itself came as a direct result of her work.

One thing however, always ate away at her and that was the fact humans had mistreated their planet. She often wondered had she been born earlier, her innovations might have saved the earth. This impressive ship that she was working on would have instead been a jewel in the crown of the pinnacle of human achievements.Instead the ship was being built so that the remainder of humanity could escape from the hell they brought upon themselves.

Jennifer always looked to scientific pioneers of the past, and would then proceed to hang her head in shame knowing that humanity had failed them. It seem humanity would barely escape its technological adolescence. Humanity would finally be travelling the cosmos as the early pioneers had hoped. However, it would be a one way trip with earth, abandoned forever. 

She headed to the shower, energised, sweaty and ready for the day. Her training regime meant that her body was extremely tone. She was fit as she was trained in several martial arts and able to conduct a military training course faster than almost any other military personnel on the base.

The water was soothing and always managed to get her ready for the day.

It seemed that everybody had one thing they clung to more than anything else, it was routine, something as simple as showering, exercising, training, or eating in one place. This was a simple thing but it help people be at somewhat ease with what was to come.

Jennifer sat herself down to her breakfast. She relaxed and allowed herself some calm as she eat a simple meal of eggs toast and a cup of coffee. She found herself calm and collected as she casually bit into her toast with eggs on top as though all was well with the world. However, Jennifer knew that is was not, for the burden of world always seems to fall upon the enlightened.

Jennifer began to finish up as she ate the last bit of her eggs on toast and finished her cup of coffee. However, people began to gather outside the pressurisation and decontamination chambers. It seemed somebody was on the way.

Just as She stood up, she found General Reginald Price standing alongside. Jennifer quickly snapped to attention, saluting the General.

"Sir," Jennifer formally addressed the General still raised in salute.

"At ease corporal," General Price.

Jennifer lowered her arm and asked General "Sir, what is the commotion?"

"It seems our Corporal who left us a month ago has returned."

"Sir, John Hazard has returned, after so long, seems her is a fighter like no other."

"That is indeed true, Corporal Collins. He sent out a communication about ten minutes ago. Also he brought somebody back with him, an unknown."

"Sir, will an interview be conducted?"

"Yes corporal, I would like you to conduct it."

"Sir, yes sir," Jennifer uttered once again saluting as the General left.

Jennifer looked toward the crowd and noticed the warning lights above them. Everybody stood back and watched them open.