 The General was a battle hardened individual, having fought in the last great war. Ten years earlier and 5 years before the 'Climate Collapse'. The war was bloody it ravaged and destroyed the Middle East and North Africa. It came to ahead when half a dozen nukes fell on the region.

Millions died and the war had ended, any and all resistance crumbled and the war ended.

The war on terror took a few centuries to end and when it did humanity thought they could rebuild and put the past behind them.

However, it was not to be as in 2232 five years after the war had ended, Mother Nature began to fall ill, and slowly die. Scientists discovered that the ecosystem was dying and that 20 years was all that was left before earth become uninhabitable.

Reginald Price fought but with a great cost, his comrades, his friends, his loved ones were lost to him because of that war. His wife, his daughters, all the ladies dearest to him killed by insurgents thinking their warped and indoctrinated thinking was justified because they believed it.

All that destruction and all that death. All this has lead predictably to the death of the planet. General Price pondered this as he sat behind a two way mirror looking at Corporal John Hazard awaiting his interrogator.

Corporal Jennifer Collins now dressed in her military fatigues stepped inside the room.

"Corporal John Tobias Hazard," Corporal Collins said in a formal tone of voice.

"Corporal Jennifer Carleen Collins," Corporal Hazard replied.

"I'll save you the questions and instead jump straight to the answers. I headed out there to do the task that was set forth to me. I fortified the power station 20 clicks south of here. I will admit that it took me a few weeks to do that but, I found something, or rather someone."

"Who is this someone?" Corporal Collins enquired.

"A girl, she was hiding in the power station, almost starving and injured. She was close to death, and we decided to save her."

"Corporal, the whole world is dying, humanity is an endangered species. However, you decided to risk yourself and your whole team to save one person?"

John Hazard looked deep into Jennifer's eyes and said "Jennifer, I know I cannot save everyone, it is far too late for that, but I could save her. Humanity has royally fucked up and the fact you and everybody else on this base is building that ship is evident of that. We can't let our humanity disappear now or we will disappear with it."

The general looked on proceedings and realised, he had nothing to concern himself with regarding the actions of his corporal and his men. John's words had brought back some painful memories and reopened some old wounds. However, he knew that Corporal Hazard was clinging onto his last shreds of humanity. 

The General remembered when he did not save his wife, even when he could. He let the job come first, he let orders come before common sense. The atrocity which left him the only member of his squad alive led to his commanding officer getting a Court Marshall and shot the following dawn. The insurgents were moved in and a tactical assault would have dealt with them.

It would have bought them enough time to secure the stronghold were their families were being kept. However two dozen insurgents packing bombs stormed the compound and left a trail of bloody destruction. His remaining three squad mates killed themselves upon hearing the news. Price, could not do it, his nature would not allow him. So he was left alone, haunted for years by the deaths of the ones he loved, and fuelled by the hatred for those who had taken them away from him, his commanding officer included. 

In the end he let his wife die for no reason other than to appease a mad man that had somehow moved up through the ranks. He had no more tears to shed for his wife, as those had dried up a long time ago. 

The General collected his thoughts and cast them aside. He then stood himself up and walked into the room. In an instant both John and Jennifer stood up saluting the general as he entered.

"At ease soldiers," the general commanded.

The two corporals followed suit and lowered the hands.

"Corporal John Hazard, you are an exceptional soldier, and a humanitarian as well. You haven't lost your humanity and that, considering what you and I have been through is remarkable."

The general then turned his attention to Jennifer and said "Corporal, ensure this man and his men are given something to eat and get Corporal Hazard to his duties upon the ships stasis pods, when he is rested and recovered from his mission."

"Ay ay General," Jennifer replied with salute in unison with John.

The General turned to leave but then stopped and turned to the corporals and said, "One more thing, the young girl you brought in is in the med bay, the physicians are tending to her now. She is unconscious for the moment. I will inform you when she wakes up, that will be all."

The General then left room, with the Corporals following suite thereafter.

(The next day)

Jennifer and Jack had just entered the Ships cryo stasis chambers, they were stacked far and high, during the flight this area would be weightless during flight. There were some tests to be conducted.

"Jennifer, how are you . . . dealing with all of this?"

"I am fine John,"

"Are you sure Jennifer?"

"Y-yes, I am doing fine."

John held both her arms and looked her in the eye. "Jennifer, you are not fine, my love, what is wrong?"

"It is everyone, humanity, we fucked this planet up just like you said we did. I am worried, what stops this from happening again?"

"Nothing, there is not a single thing that will prevent this from happening on another planet. Just like nothing stopped it from happening on this one."

"True, although baby does not destroy its cradle, but humanity has destroyed their's."

"I could not of said it better myself, and Jennifer I understand. Those weeks out there, I saw what we did, I saw dead piled up in the streets, no grass, no trees, no life. Places that once blossomed with life, bristled with activity are now empty and desolate. So believe me, I know what you feel."

"John, could you not mention this to anyone else."

"I won't especially not to Jack."

"Why especially not him," Jennifer replied attempting, but not succeeding, to hide their liaison.

"Look, Jennifer, even before I left, I knew he was attracted to you. Judging by your glow, you two spent some 'time' together."

"Damn, I could swear, this fucked up air has given you super powers or something."

"No, nothing of that sort Jennifer, just logical reasoning and deduction."

"Well, yes, we did. I needed something to take my mind of this shit, even if it was the engine room."

John chuckled and replied "Wow, I knew you were the adventurous type."

"That is not something, I would normally do John, but something came over me."

John smirked as he replied "I'm sure it did."

"You are unbelievable John."

"Ok let's get to it."

"Powering up the cryo pods."

Lights beamed on, Initiation sequences fired up and the whole area was ready for use.

"Well, time to run diagnostics then."

"Indeed John."

Jennifer called up the holographic interface and began the diagnostics.

"So Jennifer, what to do while, we wait?"

"I don't know."

"Maybe this?" John asked as he drew Jennifer in close and kissed her with burning lust and passion.

"Fuck," softly left Jennifer's lips.

"It's just a kiss, Jen."

"I know John, It's just I need something to take my mind of these worrying thoughts."

"You mean, what if humanity does this again? Find another planet and royally fuck it up, even worse than this one?"

"John, yes that is exactly it."

"You are not the only one. Looked what happened, our arrogance was our downfall. A millennium ago we thought the sun revolved around us and that we were the centre of the universe."

"John, humanity did move past that, we went to the moon, sent probes to the edge of the solar system."

"That is true, but can humanity move past our former arrogance."

"I have been pondering this for so long."

"Well, enough of doom of gloom even though neither of us can help it Jen."

"It seems we can't."

"But let us try Corporal," with that they kissed once more.

This time Jennifer took charge, she pulled John in close and began undo his belt and get him to undress before she exposed herself to him. She pulled down his overalls and slowly slid her hands down his pants. 

John's cock sprung to attention straining against the fabric of his clothes. Jennifer sought to free it, and she then pulled then the rest of his uniform and let his cock go free. She marvelled at it as it protruded and stood tall and proud like one of the many cryo pods in the area they were in.

"Hmm, I think you might be a challenge . . . that 

I have been waiting for," Jennifer said with more than just a smirk on her face.

Before Jennifer began to tend to John's cock, she begin relieving herself of her clothing. Her uniform flowed off her body and soon the both of them stood amongst a thousand life pods within the ships massive atrium naked and lusting for one another.

Jennifer got onto her knees and began to touch and feel John's cock before licking it tenderly with her tongue along the length of his shaft. She then put just the tip in her mouth and began working her tongue over it, slowly to drive John crazy with lust, Jen knew how to work a cock just like she knew how work the ship's engine.

She began to take John's girth into her mouth, sliding it in slowly. Jen eventually got all of it into her mouth and it was testing her gag reflex to its limits. She start to increase her pace, sucking and encouraging John to face fuck her. This rather brutal fellatio continued undisturbed by anyone.

Soon they decided to switch positions. Jennifer looked up at the hoist which was to be used as a means to manoeuvre people into the cryo pods. Not that day however, Jennifer headed up one of the many ladders and John followed. They reached the level of the hoist and Jennifer punched in a code in the nearby keypad and the hoist moved over, silently and quickly.

Jennifer gestured John to get on first which he did and then proceeding to lay on his back. Jennifer followed and straddled him as she positioned herself to put his cock into her awaiting wet cunt. Jennifer lowered herself onto John's monster, she gasped at first but then her cunt became accustomed to the immense size. Jack was more than adequate for her, there was no doubting that, however, John on the other hand was another story entirely.

Once Jennifer had gotten all of it inside her she began to fuck him slowly as she was not quite ready to go crazy and as they fucked away the hoist moved back to its initial position. It was an event neither noticed as they were too busy with each other. Jennifer, had no words to say, only her breathing was to be heard.

They continued, suspended, high above the floor of the atrium, fucking like there was no tomorrow. Jennifer moved, up and down, left and right, sending John into a frenzy. However, Jennifer herself was being driven utterly insane as John's considerable girth filled her up.

John picked himself up so he was perpendicular to Jennifer and their bodies encased in one another. His hands wandered around behind Jennifer as he slid them down her back and over her petite little ass. He held them in place over Jennifer's gyrating ass as she moved up and down his shaft. John got cheeky and slid a finger over her asshole, and then popped it inside.

"Ooh you cheeky bastard," Jennifer mused.

All the while John's prick was filling up her pussy he simultaneously began finger fucking her asshole. Once he felt her asshole was becoming more accommodating he plugged another finger inside. This elicited another response from Jennifer, one not found in any dictionary, but more likely in the wild.

Jennifer got ideas in her head as she pushed John back and reached up for the metal bars on top of the hoist. She used her strength to lift herself up and her flexibility to do a split whilst she had herself lifted up. John was wide eyed in amazement, however, not as amazed as he was after her next trick. She lowered herself down, while still in a split and slid his cock inside.

She was fucking his cock and testing her strength all at the same time. Her body was filled with adrenaline and lust. Jennifer's fucking was methodical and order, like her workout regimen. 

However, neither of them felt it was repetitive. Especially as John had not stopped marveling at Jennifer's prowess and physical abilities and Jennifer had not stopped admiring his enormous prick.

There fucking had gone on for some time and Jennifer felt that her arms were about to tire out. John on the other hand had felt that his balls were about to explode. So he thrust a little faster as Jennifer remained steadfast in her strength and John eventually felt his balls about to release and then he came, shooting his hot cum.

Jennifer felt her body tingle and after John was spent she used her last bit of strength and lifted herself of his cock and moved out the split she had done. She laid herself carefully back next to John.

"Fuck that was amazing," gasped John.

"You fucking said it," Jennifer replied just as out of breath.

"Jen, I knew you had strength and flexibility but fuck, I did not know you could do that."

"Well shit, getting up a 5 in the damn morning to train, should count for something."

"It most certainly does, Jennifer."

"Well John, maybe we should get down there and finish up this diagnostic and clean this mess up."

"Ay . . Ay, Corporal."

The found their way down and cleaned up the hoist, removing all traces of their previous tryst. It would bring back many naughty memories when they would soon see other people using that very same hoist to enter their stasis pods. They found their way back into their clothes, Jennifer knew she would be supremely sore the following morning. They got down and Jennifer finished up the diagnostic.

"Now this is where you come in John, your eyes need to see this report and give your input."

"Of Course, Jennifer."

The holographic input came up and John analysed it. He knew stasis pods extremely well, both himself and Jack were experts on it as they oversaw programs looking into the military applications in addition to space travel applications.

"Well, Mr Churchill knows his work well, I think he will work his same magic on the bridge."

"He also seems to think, that humanity would not fuck up again."

"I'm guessing that you are not so certain about that."

"No John, looking at all this, I do not."

"There has been more breakthroughs and innovations in this ship, but the reason we are building it, certainly takes to shine away from them."

"John that is exactly how I feel, however, only time will tell whether the right decision is made."