 Sarah awoke, as the first rays of spring sunshine fell across her tan face and fluttering eyelids, with her dick hard and throbbing. 

She could feel it pulse as her body tried in vain to push even more blood into it, begging her to be stuffed into waiting pussy. Her own vagina, settled below her hard cock, was so wet that it had leaked down her thighs and strings of her arousal clung onto the bed. 

Sarah'd been dreaming of the weeks after she'd met Meralin, when her clit grew and grew without relent, so sensitive to every touch, until it finally became her cock, growing an opening and pathway for her newly found cum to travel. During the last few days of her transformation it had felt as though she were constantly on the verge of orgasm. Oh how full it had been, how well she could feel the muscles in her body trying to force her cum out of it, how acutely she'd been aware of the pressure, her once-clit, now-cock feeling full to bursting. And then, when it finally opened, oh that release! She'd been in the bathing at the time, stroking her almost-cock and fingering herself. Her pussy had been in a state of constant orgasm, the peaks rolling over her like waves, the bathwater becoming diluted with more and more of her juices as her cock cried and strained for release. 

She'd not thought it would happen, honestly, that her new penis would explode like it did. As she rode the waves of vaginal orgasm higher and higher, the muscles in her abdomen contracting, the walls of vagina throbbing and thrumming, her mind flooded with ecstasy. 

That first orgasm had been so intense that lights popped in her eyes and trumpets sounded in her ears and when she opened her twitching eyelids all she could see was white. 

At first, she thought that this must have been a remnant of the orgasm, but as the seconds ticked by, she became aware of the slick walls around the tub, and the water's sticky consistency. Rubbing a finger along the wall and putting it onto her tongue, she realized with wide-eyed wonder that the white in her vision was her cum. And oh, how sweet her cum was. 

It had been a wonderful dream and, even though the girl beside her was equally wonderful, she was loathe to leave it. 

Sarah rolled in her bedding, letting the soft sheets caress her until she felt ready to open her eyes. Her hand moved down to the tip of her throbbing cock, followed the engorged vein down its length, and dipped the merest breadth of a finger into the swollen quivering gorge of her own pussy. 

Little shafts of erotic light flowed from that touch, spreading to her ass which quivered delightedly, up the shaft of her cock, up across her fluttery stomach, and into her breasts, tingling her nipples as they flowed out into the open air. 

Jenny, her girlfriend asleep beside her, moaned something in her sleep, turned, and lay a hand over one of Sarah's breasts. Her finger traced the delicate outline of Sarah's nipple lazily, sending more waves of pleasure through Sarah's body. Sarah felt her head arch back without control or design, her body asking, demanding, to be satisfied. 

God, how she wanted that girl right now. 

Jenny's eyes fluttered and opened the slightest hair, giving Sarah a view of their vivid green, like light coming through summer leaves. Jenny let out a little coo of delight and reached her mouth up to kiss her lover full on the lips, letting her tongue explore Sarah's mouth before withdrawing. 

"Good morning, baby," she yawned, licking Sarah's cheek as she did so. 

Sarah, though, who felt ready to explode at any moment, whose cock was by now physically twitching for Jenny's pussy, who's own pussy begged equally to be filled by something, anything, could not even form words to respond, and flipped Jenny onto her other side, so that she faced away from her. 

Jenny gave another little coo of delight, and wiggled closer until Sarah's aching cock nestled snug between her round cheeks. 

"Oh, I love the way your cock feels against my ass," Jenny said. "It makes me feel like the luckiest girl in the world." She reached one hand behind herself and grabbed Sarah's butt, letting her fingers slide down and down until one rested against the base of her pussy. "Do I make you feel like the luckiest girl in the world, too?" 

Sarah sighed a long sigh and pressed her cock against Jenny, slowly rubbing it up and down, feeling Jenny's cheeks caress it, the soft skin tug up and pull down, up and down. She slid her hands up Jenny's smooth stomach and cupped her small, perky breasts, grabbing hold and using them to push Jenny's back into her own ample chest. 

This time, it was Jenny's turn to moan as she arched her head back, turning slightly, her lips opening and closing feebly, searching for something to latch onto. Searching for Sarah. 

A low, pleading whimper escaped her mouth and she slid her finger into Sarah's slick crevice. She bucked her hips fully against Sarah's cock and her second whimper came louder. 

"Please, baby," Jenny said, so quietly that Sarah could barely hear her. 

Sarah smiled to herself and moved a hand away from Jenny's breast, bringing it to rest just above her girlfriend's pussy. Then, placing the barest tip of a finger against Jenny's swollen clit, Sarah said, "Sorry, kitten. Did you say something?" She pressed down for a moment, and released. 

Jenny gasped when Sarah pressed, and panted when Sarah released. She tried to move her hips, to slide her clit against Sarah's finger once more, but Sarah pressed the base of her hand against Jenny's abdomen, and prevented her. 

Jenny's breaths came through ragged and choppy as she half willed her clit to engorge just a little more, to get ever so much bigger, just as Sarah's had when she grew her cock, just enough to push against Sarah's fingertip. But she couldn't. 

"Baby," she said, her voice caught in her throat. "Please." 

"Please what, kitten?" 

"I want you, baby. I need you. Please." 

Sarah smiled at the shuddering girl beside her, hair splayed on the pillow. 

Jenny moved her hips up, pressing her butt into Sarah's stomach and letting the tip of the swollen cock trace the valley of her ass, down, down, down, past her quivering hole and then on to her aching pussy. 

Sarah gripped Jenny's hips to prevent her moving any closer. "I didn't say yes, yet." 

Jenny moaned her displeasure. "Please, baby. I'm so wet it's running down my legs." She took Sarah's hand, pushed it past her clit and pussy, letting it rest in the slickness on her thighs. "This is all you. All of it, baby. Please, please." 

Sarah couldn't help but laugh with joy at how much she turned Jenny on, until she realized that her own legs were just as slick as her girlfriend's. She squirmed a little, letting the walls of her vagina rub against one another, feeling the sensation travel up her own massive 'clit', making the tip seethe and bounce with pleasure. 

Reaching her lips down to Sarah's ear, and nibbling on the lobe a little, Sarah said, "Only because you've been asking so nicely." 

Slowly, she pushed her cock into Jenny, gasping at the pleasure of parting her lover open, feeling each and every inch of her. The texture of Jenny's walls both gripped and moistened Sarah's cock, quivering and spasming as she pushed farther and farther into Jenny's soaking pussy until, finally, she could push no more, her cock fitting perfectly into Jenny, Jenny's ass resting gently on her hips. 

Jenny moaned long and low, her body shivering and, reaching back to Sarah. She took Sarah's hand in hers, intertwined their fingers and squeezed tight. 

"Thank you," she said. 

Sarah, who's mind was now consumed entirely by the feeling of Jenny wrapped tight around her, tried to reply to her girlfriend. The words that she would have wanted to use, had she been in her mind, were, "Oh, Jenny. You're being so polite today." She loved to half-torment the girl. 

But what came out was barely more than gibberish. 

Jenny giggled at this. She wriggled her hips contentedly, feeling the little sparks and whorls shoot out from her pussy through her chest at Sarah's dick so deep inside of her. "Baby," she said, "Follow my lead." And she moved both their hands down to Sarah's hip, wrapping her finger's firmly around Sarah's, and placing their palms against Sarah's hip, then pushed away, tugging Sarah's cock a little bit out of her. 

Sarah made a noise halfway between a grunt and a moan as she was pulled away from Jenny, the sensation sent waves down the shaft of her cock and into her own pussy, which quivered and spasmed delightedly at the feeling, growing, though she wouldn't have thought it possible, even wetter, so that her juices leaked out of her pussy and followed the terrain of her body, tingling her taint and ass as they slid past them and then down one cheek and onto the bed. 

Jenny didn't stop pushing on Sarah's hips until all that was left in her pussy was the head of Sarah's dick. Then, unwrapping her fingers from around Sarah's, Jenny took hold of the curve where Sarah's hips became her butt, and pulled Sarah back into her. 

Sarah's breath came fast and ragged as she was pulled into Jenny, so wet and so warm and so welcoming. Jenny, too, gasped at it. 

Jenny had allowed a little fire to kindle in Sarah, a fire which now grew large as Sarah pushed Jenny's hand off of her and forward onto the bed, and thrust in and out on her own. 

Jenny's fingers grasped desperately at the bedding as Sarah thrust in and out of her, her breaths sporadic and shallow, the feeling in her cunt flaming up and spreading throughout her whole body, pussy penetrated, ass rubbing against Sarah, nipples rubbing against the smooth bedding and making her tits feel like balls of electricity that pulsed and shocked her whole body. 

The thrusts took root in Sarah too, and spread from the tip of her cock down, down, down the shaft with each successive stroke. The glistening wetness of her lover's pussy slid down her cock with this feeling and mingled with the glistening wetness of her own moist hole, seething and roiling deep within her. From there, it travelled upwards through her slit, past her lips and her own quivering walls and up, up, up, until the feeling became like a ball of light in her stomach, connecting breasts, pussy, and cock in one cerebral ball of orgasmic fury. 

"Oh god. Oh my god. Oh my god." she gasped as she came, shooting load after load of cum in Jenny's begging pussy, her cock like a valve that would open and close, expelling round after round into Jenny, her moans mingling with Jenny's and Jenny's hand reaching around, grabbing her ass and pushing, forcing Sarah's cock that much deeper into her. 

When both their orgasms faded, her hand pressing Sarah's cock into her still twitching pussy, Jenny sighed and turned to kiss her lover. 

Sarah was more than willing to oblige by then, and the two let their tongues mingle and take the space of words. 

When at last they pulled away from one another, Jenny kissed the tip of Sarah's nose and said, "Thank you, baby. Now lie on your back, because I owe you." 

Sarah smiled and did as she was told. "What do you have in store for me?" she asked. 

Jenny giggled. "Oh," she said, "I just thought your pussy might like a little love, too. You've been so good to mine, after all." 

Although her cock was deflating after that orgasm, Sarah's pussy still dripped juice like a squeezed lemon. Jenny ran a finger along the length of Sarah's slit, drawing oohs from her girlfriend. When she raised the finger to the light it glistened with the heat of Sarah's arousal, sparkling in the now late-morning sun. Jenny placed the finger on her tongue and sucked it into her mouth, wriggling her hips delightedly as she did so. 

"My god, baby. You taste so fucking good!" she moaned before settling her head between Sarah's thighs and taking another trip up her slit, this time with her tongue. 

Sarah's back arched powerlessly at Jenny's tongue and little shafts of light shot throughout her body. Her hips moved unconsciously to push herself closer to Jenny's licking, but her lover immediately withdrew. She flashed Sarah a mischievous little grin. 

"You want more of my tongue, but when I wanted more of your finger, you held me back? Little miss dominatrix, I think, will have to wait for her pleasure." 

Sarah made a pouty face at Jenny and opened her large, round eyes wide. She parted her lips just enough to show a little bit of tooth. This, she knew from experience, drove Jenny fairly up the wall with lust. 

And, true to her experience, she saw Jenny's already pert nipples push even farther from her breasts, and her breasts, too, rose and fell faster as her breathing quickened and shallowed. 

Sarah raised her hips even higher, placing her parted vagina and cum-slick ass in full view, the curve of her rapidly-hardening dick arcing above both. Her pussy's aroma floated from it, sweet and a little tangy, and Sarah knew it too would drive Jenny wild. 

"You want another taste of this, don't you, Jennifer?" Sarah said. 

All Jenny could do was nod, mouth agape and salivating madly for another taste of her lover's cunt. 

"Good girl," Sarah said. "But you'll have to earn it after that little trick. Do you want to earn it?" 

Another nod. Jenny took a step forward on uneasy legs and half collapsed onto the bed, her arms supporting her head which floated just before Sarah's aromatic pussy. She stuck her tongue out to lick it, but Sarah let herself fall back onto the bed, avoiding the advance. Jenny leaned forward and fell onto her stomach, the hard curve of Sarah's dick resting between her breasts. 

"Oh, you little vixen," Sarah said and arched her hips so that her dick slid between Jenny's small cleavage. The soft mounds caressed her cock much like Jenny's ass had earlier, though this time she could feel her lover's nipples slide across her abdomen. 

Jenny lifted her head up to Sarah, licked her lips, and viewed her with sultry eyes. She took her breasts between her hands and pressed them on either side of Sarah's cock, so that they swelled around it. Sarah lay her hands on either side of Jenny's and helped her slide those beautiful tits around her stiff cock. 

Oh, god. How she loved the feel of Jenny's tits. It was almost better than sex! 

Although her clit had grown enormously to become the cock that she now loved, it seemed to have not lost any of the sensitivity that it had as a clit, and even this light rubbing was close to sending her over the edge. Every thrust into that tight mound of cleavage sent spiraling whorls of light through her cock and into her pussy. 

She was about to cum. She had to cum. Oh god, let her cum. 

And, just at the last second, as even she could feel her cock's rhythmic thump, and as Jenny must have felt it either against her nipples or through the layers of flesh, when she was THERE, Jenny lifted up and away, leaving Sarah writhing on the bed. 

"No!" Sarah half screamed. "Come back! Come back!" 

She made to rise, to grab Jenny and fuck her breasts until her load of cum shot all over Jenny's face, but this time Jenny placed a foot on her stomach, holding her in place. 

"Now who's begging?" Jenny smirked. 

Sarah raised a hand to Jenny's calf and held her. "Jenny," she said, "Honey. Please, Jenny. I need you." 

When Jenny just kept smirking at her, she moved the other hand down to her cock and began to stroke it, the skin so smooth underneath her fingers. She locked eyes with Jenny and made her own eyes beg for the touch. 

Jenny didn't break eye contact, and didn't move to stop Sarah from rubbing her cock, but when Sarah's rubbing began to quicken she moved a hand to Sarah's arm and held her tight. She shook her head from side to side, and kissed Sarah long and full, letting her tongue explore the depths of Sarah's mouth. 

Then, slowly, Sarah's arm still held within her grasp, she began kissing her way down Sarah's cheek to her neck. To her shoulders. To her tits, letting her tongue linger on a nipple as Sarah's back arched and chest heaved, the mounds of flesh half attempting to sway out of Jenny's mouth. But Jenny grasped onto the nipple firmly with her teeth, drawing a long sigh from Sarah and leaving marks where she'd bit. 

She continued her travel down down Sarah, kissing her stomach, the head of her cock, the base, and finally settling down against her slick snatch. She raised her tongue along the length of Sarah's vagina while she grasped Sarah's cock with her hand and moved in time with her tongue. 

"Yes," Sarah breathed out before her, letting her legs slide and fall onto the bed. "Thank you." 

Jenny giggled, sending little vibrations up through Sarah's pussy and into her member, making it feel as though her shaft were actually vibrating. Sarah half screamed at this, so excited was her cock. When she looked down, she saw a little pre-cum, milky and thin, dribble out of the head and onto her chest. 

Jenny cooed at this. "Awww. Baby. Are you about to cum for me," she said into Sarah's pussy, vibrating her yet further and pushing her that much closer to the edge. 

Then, without any warning, she drove her tongue hard into Sarah's snatch and drew it upwards, past folds of vagina, up the strong curve of her cock to the tip and sucked the whole thing into her mouth, mumbling something that sounded like, "Mmmmfffff," as she did so. 

Sarah felt Jenny push two fingers into her sopping pussy as Jenny worked her mouth up and down on her shaft. The pressure inside of her was unbelievable! 

Jenny kept time between her mouth and her fingers so that whenever her mouth rose up on Sarah's cock, her fingers pressed deeper into her snatch. She went slowly with this, keeping Sarah on the verge of climax, letting a little more pre-cum dribble out now and again until she drove a third finger into her lover's pussy. 

Sarah exploded. She felt the cum rise from deep within her, almost at her ovaries, and flood down into her pussy even as they rose up her shaft and pounded out into Jenny's waiting mouth. Sarah came full and heavy, shooting load after load into Jenny's mouth. 

She came so much that it spilled out over Jenny's lips, coating her own cock even more. She came so much that it flooded her pussy with thick, gooey cum. 

When she was finally finished, Jenny gulped down the last of Sarah's cum. She gave a delighted sigh and then rose from between Sarah's legs. Her mouth, neck, and breasts were so coated in Sarah's pearly semen that Jenny appeared luminous in the morning's light. 

Sarah let her head fall back onto the pillow and breathed an exhausted, thoroughly sated sigh. 

Jenny clapped her hands together briskly and said, "All right there, sleepyhead? It's time to get to work!" 

She went over to Sarah and rested her cum-slick breasts on Sarah's face. 

"Day's a wasting," she said, "And we have so much to do today!"