 Arriving at the Ziota colony they saw a large city surrounded by large wooded areas. They were told the woods were good for hunting, but also provided shelter for the rebels terrorizing the city. Protecting this city would take many men, Connor thought. This would definitely prove the challenge the elders had promised him. 

Still, he looked forward to it. He would conquer both his mate and the rebels. In all the missions he had fought, these missions seemed easy in comparison. He had never lost a battle before and he had no intention of admitting defeat this time either, he thought resolutely. 

***

They were welcomed into their new home – a large palace in the middle of the city. Covered with magnificent carpets on every floor, and decorated with beautiful treasures everywhere they turned. The former ruler must have liked his treasures, Teri thought while bending her head around to gaze at the gold covering every cornice as well as the door handles. 

Impressive, she thought. There could not be an ounce of gold left on this planet after this house had been built. Or palace was probably a better word for it. The only place remotely resembling this was a castle she had visited in Germany at one time. This house only lacked a few towers to complete the picture, she thought. And a dungeon, of course. Every castle had a dungeon or some cellar where criminals and unwanted mates could be placed. 

She glanced suspiciously around for anything resembling a cellar, but could not see anything. Good, one thing less to worry about. Now, the worst thing Connor could do was to lock her in her room. The idea was hilarious, and she started chuckling aloud until Connor gave her a reproaching stare. 

***

Connor was being briefed while shown the house. It was enormous compared to the cabin he had spent his last 5 years in. But it was also a challenge to protect from intruders. The guards had to be doubled in order to provide any use at all. The brigade situated in the city had so far been successful in protecting the city from the rebels, but the rebels were closing in on the city borders. It would only be a matter of time until they ventured into the city itself. 

So far they had concentrated on plaguing the people at the outskirts, and the people were demanding actions be taken immediately. The brigade general gave Connor a brief report on the situation. It complemented only slightly the one he had already received from the elders. There was a lot to be done, and quickly. He ordered the ship crew to take the evening off, before they would start patrolling in the morning. It was important to catch these rebels before they made more trouble for the colony. And he wanted the problem dealt with as soon as possible. Then he would deal with the other problem on his hand: his mate. 

***

While Connor was occupied with state business, Teri was shown around the rest of the house by the middle-aged housekeeper, Mrs Jameson. She was grey-haired but had a quick walk that made her age difficult to guess. Also, she seemed to like gossip just as much as the house, as she ventured quickly to and from her favourite subjects. Teri had already learned more about her neighbours and staff than she had ever wanted to know. This way she would never be able to meet any of them without blushing profusely, and she had always pictured herself a very controlled person. 

"What a handsome mate you have there, Mrs. Hamilton."

Teri jumped when hearing herself called that strange name. It did not belong to her she thought. 

"Call me Teri," she replied friendly.

Mrs Jameson obviously took this as an invitation to pry even more. "And you must call me Gloria," she said. "Oh, yes, mark my words, he will give you many and strong sons that one. Well he remind me of my own Thomas when we were at your age. Oh, he was a real beast in the bed, I can tell you. Still are, to tell you the truth. But you know, we women appreciate a real man in our bed, wouldn't you say, dear? I'm sure that strong man of yours knows how to keep his woman warm throughout the night. Oh, yes, I've always said that you can look at a man's feet or his hands to tell how well-equipped he is, and your mate is definitely a stunner in that department."

Teri just nodded and hoped Connor was too far away to hear any of this conversation, as the woman blundered on about men and their various uses. She wondered if she should give Gloria the same details as she gave the council, but thinking about it, she would probably tell the entire city and then Connor would likely strangle her. 

She had better watch her mouth around this busybody, she concluded as she listened to another of Gloria's stories about this neighbour who had been caught with 2 whores in his bed by his mother-in-law. Her ears felt as though they were burning from misuse already, and her face had got a warm feeling to it. This would definitely be a trying person, she thought. She hoped Gloria would not be quite so frank with Connor, but she knew it was to wish for the impossible. She would never be able to live through Gloria's good advice if Connor was around. 

"And here is your room," Gloria said while opening the door to a large room. Warm colours and an enormous bed dominated the room completely. The ceiling was high, and curtains were hanging around every window. Teri looked at the bed. Judging by its size there was room enough for 5 people. That would probably mean she would have to share it with Connor. Or perhaps not, she thought after contemplating her options for a while. Better to jump into it straight away, she decided.

"This is Connor's room, isn't it?"

"Oh yes, and yours as well of course," the woman said while winking knowingly at Teri.

"No, we're not sharing a room," Teri said firmly. "Show me to another room!"

The housekeeper was perplexed. "You will not share bed with your mate? But, it's the law, and I've never heard anyone..."

"I don't care about the law," Teri interrupted quickly. "I do not recognize that man as my mate, and in my culture the woman has the right to refuse an unwanted marriage. So, I want my own room. Just give me any of the other 50 bedrooms in this house."

"Yes, of course," the housekeeper said vaguely, still looking perplex at the strange demand from Teri. She was shaking her head as she exited the room, telling Teri to please stay put and she would be right back.

Teri walked around the room while waiting. It was exquisite. The carpets alone must have cost a fortune. She had never lived in anything as luxurious as this room before. Not even the suits in the hotel where she worked could compare to this. She walked around the large room, touching every article and fabric she could get her hands on. Everything was soft and velvet like. Still, the shimmer of gold indicated some other fabric. 

She walked up to the bed and admired the strange ornaments on the bedposts. They resembled animals of a kind she had never seen before. Every part of the bed was carved in some strange design. She walked towards the window, looking out on the wonderful view over the valley. She could see a large part of the city and also some of the forest outside it. Still, she had picked up some of the conversation between the general and Connor, and she knew that the rebels were located in the forest. 

Not a good time for going for a walk there, she thought, although the shade from the trees looked tempting. Maybe she would try some shopping in the city instead. Hopefully this place could provide some interesting activities for a modern female. She would probably have to change employment, as she hadn't seen many hotels around this place. Well she did have some skills in bookkeeping and economics, so it would probably be possible to get a descent job so she wouldn't be bored to death in this palace. Hopefully she would be able to return home long before she managed to become bored. 

Suddenly the door slammed open and crashed into the wall. Teri jumped, and turned around to see the angry face of Connor. The housekeeper was standing behind him, and she quietly closed the door leaving them alone together. 

"You want your own room, is that it?" Connor roared at her in a barely controlled voice.

Teri stared at him but instinctively straightened her stance and faced him head on while nodding her head. 

"Well, it's not happening," Connor roared on. "No way if my mate will sleep anywhere else but with me. I've had enough of your demands and strange customs to suit me a lifetime," he drummed on as he came closer to her.

Teri collected her voice again. "Why don't you simply break this mating then, and send me back to where you kidnapped me from? I never asked to be put in this position."

"That is not possible," Connor droned on. "A mating can not be broken. The female belongs with her mate and that is final!" 

"I won't accept that," Teri said. "And if you won't help me, I'll find my own room right now. I'm not staying here with you a minute longer." She passed him and walked toward the door. But suddenly her arm was stopped and her entire body was pulled backwards against his hard body. She felt his chest against her back and his arms closed around her waist holding her tightly to him. 

She felt the warmth streaming from his body onto hers as he hissed into her ear, "You are my mate, and I never give up anything that belongs to me." She felt excitement bubbling up her spinal cord at the ownership displayed in his voice. It sounded so primal, so delightfully instinctive, but still she felt excited by his outburst. As if he was an ancient male stating his ownership over a submissive female. 

She felt a slight trembling move through her body before her brain fought the feeling of being dominated. She would not back down this easily, and let him decide over her. She had to fight him. To prove that even though he was bigger than her, she could still make her own decisions and that she refused to let him walk all over her. She struggled to escape from his grip. He only held her tighter to his chest.

"Perhaps you need to learn who is master in this relationship," he murmured. Then he quickly let go of her, and pushed her onto the bed and quickly followed her, using his own body to prevent her from escaping. She gasped by the unexpected turn but before she even managed to blink or try to move away he had plastered his body on top of hers and grabbed a hold on her arms. Holding her arms stretched out over her head he settled his body between her thighs. His lower body hit her right in the juncture of her thigh and she gasped as she felt something hard touch her pelvis. 

It was gradually increasing in size and hardening at the same time, and she started to struggle to get away from the heat streaming from his body and into her own. Her breath hitched as he slowly rubbed his abdomen against her struggling body, making her cunt moisten too suddenly for comfort and her breathing increasing in speed. She was shocked by the realisation that he could make her body crave him by only rubbing against her. This did not make any sense, what so ever. Still, her body had decided even though her brain fought against the realisation.

"Get off me, you jerk!" she cursed at him.

"Oh no, you're not getting away so easily this time," Connor said smugly. He rubbed his cock slowly against her pelvis and smiled as she gasped as an unexpected pleasure surged through her body making her breathing even more erratic.

"Like what you feel, darling?" he asked smugly. She just shook her head and he continued as she had had encouraged him somehow. "Want some more?"

"No! I said get off me!" she gasped, her breathing not so good with the combined pressure of his body on top of hers and the rubbing that was arousing her senses. 

"Naw. I can almost hear you begging for it," he rubbed slowly from side to side, and then started moving in circles. She breathed heavier, feeling her pussy getting moist as he continued to rub against her most sensitive area. "Too much clothes on your body, darling. Take them off!" She stared heatedly at him. "Okay, I'll give you some new ones anyway," he murmured, before gripping her suit by the neck and ripping it off.

She screamed, although it didn't hurt at all. She had never experienced a lover ripping the clothes of her body before. The experience was heightening her arousal even more and she felt her cunt getting wetter. Cold air hit her breasts and she glanced down. Her nipples were stiffening and Connor bent his head to her left nipple and sucked it lightly. She gasped by the heat moving from her nipple and through her entire body. 

She arched her back as he moved over to suck her other breast while he continued massaged the first one with his hand. A moan escaped her throat as he sucked harder on her nipples, making them tighten even more. Her breasts felt heavy and aching for his mouth. She arched her back, trying to get nearer to his mouth as he continued his treatment of her breasts. 

Suddenly he tugged at the rest of her clothes, ripping the rest of the suit and dragging the fabric away from her body. She whimpered as he temporarily left her body. The cold air hitting her body, made her collect her mind for a while, and she dragged herself away from him. 

"Come back here," he demanded hoarsely and laid his body on top of hers again, before kissing her mouth hard. She was sucked into his kiss, and could not concentrate for a few seconds, before she bit down hard on his tongue as he invaded her mouth.

"Ouch," he yelled. "What was that for?" he scowled at her as he rolled to the side and carefully touching his tongue where she had bitten him. She took the opportunity from the small reprieve and managed to get her body to react again. She moved over to the other side of the bed, but her aroused body was not cooperating fully or she was simply to slow and he caught her arm in an iron grip before she could get off the bed. 

"You will pay for that," he vowed before dragging her naked body over to his as he sat up at the foot of the bed. Before she could prevent it he had laid her face down across his lap, one hand holding her tight as the other was slowly caressing her naked bottom. "Just say when you'll behave and I'll stop," he advised, before slamming his hand onto her bottom in a loud smack.

"Ouch," she yelled. "What are you doing, you maniac?" Another smack and she yelped again. "Stop this at once!" Another smack. This time on her other cheek. She felt her bottom getting warm and she had never felt this humiliated any time before. She struggled to get free. 

Smack. "Still not behaving, darling?" Connor asked. He glided his hand across her naked bottom and caressing each cheek carefully. To her surprise she felt her body creaming even more. Her cunt was soaked in her arousal and warm cream collecting in her clit. She could not like this, she thought. It was not possible. The shock made her lay very still for a while. Connor caressed her glowing bottom and let his hand slide between the cheeks before following the warm channel between her legs. He felt the wetness from her cunt and stroked it carefully around the rest of her pussy and up to her clit. 

The tip was getting harder, and he stroked carefully, making sure she felt the wetness spreading even more around her clit and every movement of his hand around the opening of her cunt made her cream more each time. She shook her legs and struggled to get away from the embarrassment of getting aroused by this jerk. Still, he held her tight and continued stroking her slowly and aiming more and more movement around her clit. 

Trying to close her legs, she only managed to make him rub her clit harder and holding her more tightly. She gasped aloud while straining the muscles in her legs in order to prevent her arousal from increasing. Still it was no use as he slowly and meticulously made her blood boil harder and her body being more and more directed toward the need for release. She was practically panting as he rubbed his fingers directly at her clit that was aching to be touched even harder and faster than the treatment he provided. 

"You want something, darling?" Connor asked knowingly. "Just say so and you'll get it."

She refused to answer him. Trying to control her breathing and think on something cold and disgusting. It was not working very well. Even ice bathing seemed like a tempting idea as he pressed her closer and closer to the inevitable release. He stroked her carefully along her back and moved the palm of his hand across every centimetre of skin he could reach. She felt warm all over and the relaxing motion from his hands made her tremble with excitement. She would not climax for him, she vowed quietly. Still, the vow was getting more and more difficult to keep when each movement of his hand across her clit brought her nearer to release. 

"Just let go," he murmured temptingly to her, bending his body toward her and kissing her back, moving slowly upwards her back as he slowly covered centimetre after centimetre with small kisses and sucking noises. She thought she was dreaming and her mind was taking a dive into oblivion as her body melted to the warm caresses he was showering on her body. She felt a warm feeling spreading throughout her body, and she felt herself relaxing almost totally. He aimed his fingers directly at her clit, and started to move faster and harder across the fold. She moaned as she tightened all her muscles again, and all she could think of was getting nearer to the orgasm she knew was waiting for her. 

He moved a finger to the opening of her cunt and pushed it slowly inside. The fullness tugged at her already strained body and she whimpered as her body pulled into a higher gear. He rubbed directly at her clit at the same time as he moved his finger in and out of her cunt. She whimpered again and pressed her cunt onto his finger, fucking herself on his finger as she tightened around him. 

She wanted something bigger inside of her, but before she could voice that request he pushed his finger fast and hard into her body and she screamed from the orgasm that was suddenly surging through her entire body, making it shake with the waves pounding through her. She breathed a long and relieved breath and moaned as she felt the ripples still moving through her body on long waves. Her cunt was pulsing to her own heartbeats and she felt each pulse shaking her entire body. She lay resting for quite some time, still on Connor's lap as he slowly stroked all over her body. 

He lifted her up and laid her limp body out on the bed, laying himself down close behind her and stroking her stomach with his hand, he murmured smugly into her ear. "Satisfied? Or do you want some more?" 

She tensed. Suddenly remembering she hated this man and that he had just made her come harder than she had ever done before. And he had still not been inside of her body as she climaxed. She struggled to compose herself out of the daze he had reduced her brain into. She could not afford to loose herself to his touch if she was ever to get away from this place. "Not from you, you creep. You actually spanked me," she said reproachfully.

"And you liked it, darling. Perhaps you want some more spanking?" He moved his hands over her hip and stroked slowly across her ass. "You seemed to like the last one." 

She grumbled something unintelligible, but refused to answer. She was still trying to come to terms with the fact that she had climaxed in the hands of her kidnapper and the man who had dared spanking her. 

"Perhaps you're into ruff sex, my dear?" he continued in that smug voice that she hated already. He seemed very pleased with his own accomplishments and she was still dazed from the orgasm. "It's not my usual habit," he droned on, "but I can make an exception for you. So, what more do you like? I can always dig up some whips and cuffs if that turns you on as well?" he asked interestedly.
