 It starts with "Loving Wives" but quickly becomes "Fantasy".

The actors in this script are of legal age, but may portray maturing young adults. This is a work of adult erotic fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy the story!

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

NEW DIRECTIONS Continued..

*

Brenda and Reggie are now on a path for their life they only partly chose. The most significant part of it was chosen for them.

It's certainly not something they regret or wish hadn't happened. Quite the contrary. In hindsight they both fully feel they would have jumped in with both feet even if it had been laid out and presented to them as a viable option for their life. In fact it's as though their lives had been building up to this ... what would you call it? ... profession? calling? task in life? ... wonderful opportunity!! 

Something interesting is beginning to happen. Something from the level of primal feelings moves into their minds almost like a compulsion to act on. Often times quite a simple or mundane idea but sometimes quite bold or ambitious. It's not like they MUST do what motivates them. They can always choose to not do something. In the moment though it just seems the right thing to do. So simple .. so easy.

Their first trial runs, so-to-speak, were not much more than a small step above simple, like with Don and Jenny then Mary and Breaker 5. One seemingly at random and the other quite close to home. Breaker 5 was one of the two guys that delivered the Armour's! Chance? Fate? Jenny is Marge and Roger's granddaughter! 

The magic is looking like a much more significant thing than when they first began to play with it. Almost like a Parlor Game at first. Like with Don and Jenny. They didn't do very much at all to alter their lives rather significantly. Or is that the point? Even with Mary and Breaker. It wasn't 'till Mary got it with Brenda that anything out of the very ordinary seemed to be of any significance to anyone and that was not a huge revelation, even with the fur gifts. A bit over the top but certainly not magical from their perspective. 

A Psychiatrist would most likely have them drugged out after an extensive analysis of some complex exotic phobia or disorder, particularly with the voices and dreams. That is until they did something to him/her that drastically altered their life. How would they then explain this altered life to their cohorts? File that idea away. Never know when it may come in handy? 

The concept of touch is taking on much more significance to Brenda and Reggie. Who touches what or who? How they are touched? So many options and intents!

Brenda noticed all was going 'normal' with Mary until she actually touched her with her fur. Mary clearly underwent a significant alteration both in attitude and her capabilities. It was then she took decisive control of her and Breaker's lives. They are living very different lives than before in a totally new world.

With Jenny and Don it was more like getting them to do what they really wanted to do anyway. Though it was with a significant twist, but no overly dramatic alteration of their lives other than what was normal and natural. No profound personality alterations.

TAKE CHARGE APPROACH

Reggie and Brenda are having coffee at a small coffee house next to the university where they had been inquiring about various programs they were interested in. Not for themselves but for others at S & S and possibly some better company recruits. They are concerned over the 'old road' the company is continuing to travel down and are figuring some possibly cleaver and benign ways to alter that course with .. you guessed it .. courses and individuals inspired by those courses. 

They know they can now depend on Don, Mary and Breaker 5 to do whatever they ask them to do so the ground is being tilled and made ready for seed. A new approach to company management and an experiment for their future approaches to altering couples behaviors.

Sitting next to them is a boy and girl, obviously university students. They're both Goth to the hilt. He with a short green Mohawk and she with flaming dyed red long hair. their conversation is extremely contentious but they are both obviously very bright and care for each other deeply. It's just their levels of angst, anxiety, frustrations and hostility to their mutual parental situations that is just too much for their coping skills.

Brenda is dressed in her big hooded Silver Fox coat with huge sleeves. She's dressed rather skimpy with a small and tight gray cashmere sweater barely covering her breasts with bare midriff and a very tight and short gray suede miniskirt. Very at the edge young attire. A total knockout and very purposeful choice for the day at the U. Her hair is wrapped with Silver Fox tails in a very exotic way. The girl has been eying her with admiring and covetous looks since they walked in. She chose to sit next to Brenda. 

Her 'vibes' are truly confusing and conflicted, not to Brenda and Reggie but to herself. Her desires to be wallowing in Brenda's fox with her boyfriend Brett and be orgasming wildly is very loud and clear. This is countermanded by her peer pressure and anti-materialism thoughts that all her friends pressure them with. This is part of .. the crux of their increasingly agitated 'discussion'.

"Look Linda!! I'm getting sick of this conflict. Either we are on board with Bill's program of 'back-to-the-earth' or we walk away!" 

Brenda swings her chair around, firmly gripping each by the wrist. Brett jerks briefly to disengage but can't with the strength of her grip. Linda is instantly weak with submission, reaching over with her other hand fondling her fur cuff. Brenda can feel her heart racing as Linda surrenders to her will. Brett is struggling and screaming inside but finally relents to her force. Linda looks at Brett with a pleading look.

"YES" the chorus says with a loud crescendo in Brenda and Reggie's heads.

"We couldn't help but overhear your conflict. Back-to-earth means running around in the woods dressed in animal skins and furs." Brett's heart is racing like a Kentucky Derby winner out of the gate as he first looks at Brenda's luscious Fox then into Linda's pleading submissive look. Reggie slips around to the other side of them and places his hands on Linda's and Brett's shoulders. The couple is short circuited between them. Both are about to orgasm with the new images of themselves running around in the woods dressed in Brenda's Fox coat and screwing like wild furry animals.

Reggie puts a piece of paper between them on the table with a list of courses. "Take these courses and follow the written instructions." He hands Brett a card and Brenda hands one to Linda. 

"If you have any questions or needs don't hesitate to call." Brenda whispers close to Linda's ear, brushing her face with her fur. 

Linda gasps "OK" weakly.

Reggie and Brenda are hardly a block away when both their phones ring.

"Brenda .. please help us? We aren't sure what we should do?"

And

"Reggie .. please could you give us some advice? We need to have some direction."

They answer with the same reply, "Come to our house this evening for dinner at six."

"Yessss!" the chorus hisses.

Brett and Linda are prompt to the second. Brett is dressed much the same but Linda has on a long, full frilly skirt and full peasant style blouse. 

Both Reggie and Brenda are wearing fur vests. Reggie's is a reversed dark mink and leather. Brenda's is a very large and full floor length Arctic Fox. She hugs Linda with a soft and long hug. Linda moans and sighs with her arms buried in the Fox fur while Brett shakes Reggie's hand. they reverse and Brett gets the Fox treatment. He nearly collapses. 

They sit for dinner.

"What seems to be the main element of conflict in your lives?" Reggie starts off while pouring wine for all. 

"Brett has been hanging out with these folks that hate the modern world and all the things having to do with anything!! Like total rebellion."

"That's not quite right Linda. I just want to make decisions that make sense." 

"Rejecting everything makes sense? That makes no sense at all and what about what I think?" near tears. Brenda reaches over and touches her arm and she seems to recover.

"That went well." .. Reggie comments .. "What else seems to be bugging you two?" as he tops off their wine glasses with a little red alcoholic magic.

"Brett's dad is a real conservative hard ass and we both are getting way too much grief from him and he's trying to alter our lives in ways neither of us want. Other than that life is just great." she says sarcastically. 

"Yeah .. and her mom thinks she's a virgin .. I mean her mom is a virgin." with a snide smirk. 

The two are tossing down their wine like cool aid as Reggie tops them off again and reaches for the second bottle.

"This is going very well." Brenda says walking around Linda and stroking her hair. "Are you feeling put out and ignored Linda?" 

Linda turns to Brenda stroking the Fox quite casually and sensually .. "I just want Brett and me to be close and not have to fight over things others are putting on us." Brenda is stroking her face with the Fox and running her hand through her hair. 

"You two need some real good alone time together it seems and stop quarreling with each other. It's just creating unnecessary animosity when you should be pulling closer together." Linda is clearly quite tipsy by now and Brett isn't much better off.

"So Brett .. what can you think of that would get you two pulling together better?" Reggie pushes. 

"Getting my dad and her mom off our backs for starters." while Brenda moves around behind him with her Fox rubbing against his face. He's softly gasping as Linda is tossing down her wine and giggling. "Fur got you're tongue Brett?" she snipes with a big grin.

"There's five of you Brenda? Reggie too?" Linda says with a quizzical look on her face in half concern and waving the wine glass in the air.

"Oh their our ghostly friends. Don't pay them any mind. They're harmless." 

"Yesss sweet dearss." the chorus hisses for all to hear.

"OoooKayee" she replies with a happy drunken slur.

"It's clear you two are in no shape to drive home!" Reggie pronounces firmly. 

"Yah got that right!" Brett slurs out slamming is hand to the table.

"I'll show you two to the stairs. Just go up to the front room and make yourselves at home for the night. We won't bother you no matter how much noise you make." Brenda leads the two quite willingly to the stairs and gives them a gentle shove.

They wobble and stagger up slowly, stopping to grope each other and kiss clearly very happy and very much into each other.

Brenda and Reggie had left many furs, spreads and pillows out for them to smother each other with.

There is a nice fire going in the fireplace. One of the hospitality benefits of magic. When the two lovers get over to the fireplace nook they are in shock and totally amazed at what they see. The magnitude of the furs spread out for their pleasures dawns on their inebriated minds as they stagger and sway a bit. 

"Brett!! ... Brett!! ... Look!!" A brief moment of sobriety creeps up on them both and Linda lets her blouse slip from her shoulders exposing her small white breasts and dark bullet nipples to Brett. His pants seem to fall to the floor on their own as does Linda's skirt exposing her luscious thick brown muff. Brett's reasonably large cock is standing out stiff as a power pole. They are a lovely pair and clearly deeply in love.

Brenda and Reggie are watching this unfold from the comfort of their bed feeling somewhat lonely for once in quite a while. Seeing the events unfold they can see all the ghosts are upstairs swirling around the pair who are oblivious to all except each other and the furs. 

Brett picks Linda up by the waist and lays her gently in the furs. He's on her muff and sucking her twat with great force. Linda goes out of her mind.

Brenda and Reggie can see several ghostly figures flailing about to these stimulations immersed in Linda's body. They must have wanted it very badly to have pushed their way to the front of the line. 

For Linda and Brett, having the added sexual impetus of the spirits driving their sexual desires is something they are enjoying immensely but totally unaware of. They sometimes think they see the same ghostly figures they saw in the dinning room but it is of no interest to them at the moment, only sex with each other.

Linda flips over on top of Brett and begins humping his cock with fervor. Brett can clearly see the shadowy images around her now swishing about out of sync but dismisses it as part of his still drunken state. He pumps Linda full of his cum like a fire hose. He can't control the constant pulsing and desire to orgasm and ejaculate even more.

He flips Linda over with her face in the furs. She's lost in a constant sensual orgasm with Brett pumping her twat from behind. Her butt tightly squeezed between his thighs. Never in their sex life has she been so totally and completely satiated and ravaged yet wanting much more. It's a sexual paradise with her wriggling and squirming around in the furs while being so completely ravaged. 

The spirits can't control themselves with such willing, eager and athletic hosts.

They all screw and ravage each other for hours until Brett and Linda are totally sexually and physically wasted. Not one drop of cum to be had yet Brett's cock is still stiff as a poker keeping Linda happy. "She can't seem to get enough tonight?" Brett thinks just before loosing consciousness. 

Their dreams are a wild orgy of furs, spirits and their hosts, nude and making love all around them in furs.

They had burnt off all the alcohol screwing last night and awoke in the morning light without a hangover ... Brett's cock deep in Linda's twat pumping for all he's worth.

"OH YES BRETT!!! Fuck me harder!!"

Much to his surprise his still stiff cock is pumping even more cum into his beautiful girlfriend. "Girlfriend hell you're my woman!!" he say out loud through his grunts and groans from his screwing.

"OH Yes I am Brett ... Fuck me more." 

They ravage each other nearly as much and long as last night and the ghosts make no effort to hide nor do Brett and Linda pay any attention to them as they all flail about in wild sexual abandon, happy to have such incredible sexual satisfaction, unlike any they've ever had before.

Brett finally falls still on top of Linda and they kiss the kiss of marriage, somehow knowing it is forever and nothing will ever come between them. 

They shower and dress. 

Wandering downstairs Brenda and Reggie are sitting around the breakfast table, now lunch, reading the paper, both nude and wrapped in fur lined house coats. Reggie's is sheared Beaver and Brenda's is Red Fox.

"We want to thank you very much for the opportunity to get connected and for showing us the way." Linda says coming into the room, her eyes racing over their hosts robes and partial nudity.

"Sit and have ... well .. lunch now." Reggie says to them. 

"You two .. or more .. made quite a racket last night .. and this morning. You must have thoroughly enjoyed yourselves. You're welcome .. indeed invited for dinner next Friday as well." Brenda says.

"Yeah .. and you don't have to get drunk to have an excuse to not go home. We're afraid we can only offer this to you once a week. You'll have to make do the rest of the week." Reggie says.

"Besides .. it'll give you an opportunity to keep us up to date on your class work." Brenda says.

The young couple sit in astonishment at what was being offered and happening to them.

"Did we see ghosts last night .. this morning?" Linda asks.

"Well .. do you think you did?" 

"I think I did Brenda!!" 

"Is that a big concern to you?" Reggie asks.

"You mean there are ghosts here?" Brett asks.

"Are they a bother Brett?" Brenda asks.

"Not at all!" Linda says smiling broadly. "Are they getting it on too?"

"What do you think Brett?" Brenda asks pouring them coffee.

"Uh .. don't know?" 

"What do you mean you don't know? You can't just be neutral on this. They're getting it on with you guys and you don't know?" Reggie presses.

"I suppose ghosts got needs too. Besides, who would believe us?" he replies.

"Well .. that's better Brett. Now do you really mind?" Brenda says. 

"I kinda like it." Linda pipes in "Especially if they're responsible for sticking the rocket booster up Brett's ass." 

"Now there you are Brett! what do you think of that?" Reggie says.

A big smile creeps across Brett's face. "Yeah ... that's cool!"

THE DEAL

"So what's the deal?" Linda asks and Brenda looks at her quizzically. "You know for treating us so nice and all. The classes, dinner and all?"

"Good question. You mean ghost sitting, learning a lot you would have missed, straightening out your conflicts and getting you two to recognize how much in love you really are with each other. You mean that?" Brenda says smiling and brushing Linda's face. "Yeah." she responds softly and sheepishly.

"I know having sex with ghosts sounds a bit kinky and truly strange but that's about all the 'price' we or they ask. In return we'll help with any problems scholastically or financially you may have plus we'll guarantee you two a specific job anytime you want one." Reggie says.

"What kind of job?" Brett asks.

"Any number of tasks we might find at S & S Construction." Brenda says.

"You don't want our kidneys or something like that?" Linda says joking. 

"That and your hearts!!" Brenda mocks with a smile. "We really do want your hearts .. but in a spiritual sort of way. This is a sworn secret for you. We're rebuilding S & S and we are training you two along with others to fulfill that goal if you accept that? That's why the specific training."

"And screwing with the ghosts?" Brett asks.

"You don't have to but do you really want to stop now?" Brenda asks. Their silence answers the question as they look at each other and hug. They know they probably won't make it through the week now without craving the experience and they know it. The ghosts are their friends and new addiction.

"They're with you too?" Linda asks.

"OH YES!!" Brenda says with a big smile. "Ooooohhhh yessss." the ghosts say for all to hear overlapping her words.

"I've never felt so good about being had." Linda says.

"Yeah and they really like you two. I can tell." Reggie comments.

"OK we'll see you two next Friday evening for dinner and stay out of trouble. You know .. those back-to-nature folks."

Reggie and Brenda spend the rest of the day catching up on truly mundane things like housework and thinking through their Security Vault design for the valuables and the sacred box. Time spent in the Basement tracing out a design for Breaker to do for them. Maybe get Brett to help for his introduction to real work along with Don. Want trusted and dedicated folks doing this they are thinking. 

Brenda and Reggie have discovered their magic does have its limitations. Pouring concrete and carrying steel vault doors are a bit beyond their new powers.

Actually they have found they are limited to not much more than astral projection. Spells and the like are no problem but they aren't true witches capable of true witchcraft if such entities and powers actually exist. It's not like they have been opened up to the world of the occult. They certainly know their own spirits exist as Linda and Brett have come to realize. So if the loony bin is in their future at least they will have company.
