 Evicted from the heavens above, she's a beautiful creature of pure grace. Yet one fault was within her, she loved being naughty. Angelina the evicted she was called and many humans knew of her for she had visited many men of her choice on her lonely nights.

And her latest choice was one she only had heard of; he was called Spider. Known for his wicked ways and transforming form he was a reject too, but from hell. For he was wicked and evil, yet his body demanded women, caressing and tenderness. He never killed his prey and that was what had caused his rejection. They both craved body contact and that is what had drawn her to this mysterious man ever since she had heard of him. Now was the time to find him she decided. 

As night fell, Angelina emerged from her home wearing a little white mini skirt, white blouse and white strap silhouettes, dressed as an angel she thought and smiled how convenient, her long gold hair sweeping down her back and her light blue eyes glittering in the dark. Her house she looked behind her was a little abode; where inside she didn't hide her true self, for the shutters and curtains provided enough privacy for her to spread her white wings.

He sat in the VIP lounge of the Black Cobra overlooking the club below, twirling his whisky glass in his hand, his eyes piercing through the crowd, searching for his next prey. Many young ladies had approached him yet he denied them all. He was incredibly handsome, black hair, black eyes, dark skin, broad shoulders and a lean masculine body. He would attract the dead. Then he saw her, walking through the door, innocent, beautiful, long slender legs, long shinning hair and dressed in white. He shifted in his seat, watching her as she strolled in to the bar and sat, Crossing her slender legs, tugging the mini skirt down, and smiling as she asked for a drink. The waiter seemed blinded by the beauty for he worked clumsily and kept looking at her. 

She could feel his presence, yet she could not see him. She knew he would sense fear, so she remained calm, sipping slowly at her bloody Mary. She was approached by several men offering to sit with her yet she kept saying she was expecting someone. Shutting them all down. She knew she had been spotted by him and he would soon approach. She just wished she could see him.

Then a waiter approached her, at first he was dumbstruck then he managed to say, "excuse me miss, I have been asked to deliver this to you, and await your answer."

She smiled and took the note opening it; it said, "if you would please join me in the VIP lounge I would be most honored." signed at the bottom was a simple S.

She smiled at the waiter and said, "thank you, would you please lead the way."

As she walked towards his table, he was so excited it was unbelievable, something about her was amiss. Such beauty was not found in humans. He had heard of Angelina the evicted, but could this possibly be her? Could he be so lucky? For she would be a magnificent treat.

He stood up tipped the waiter and with a simple "good evening" moved for her to sit by him on the 2 seater couch. 

Her voice was like an angel's song as she replied "good evening" and simply slipped into the seat. 

He slipped in beside her, and the urge to flutter her wings was incredible, for they had not done him justice by explaining his beauty. He was a lethal mix of power and beauty. She could feel his body vibrating heat as he slipped in beside her, slipping one arm about her shoulder and said, "my name is Spider, and by what name should I call the beauty at my side?"

She looked up into his black eyes and said, "you may call me Angelina."

His heart hammered like a thousand beating drums, it was her! He thought. 

Then he simply whispered into her ear, "how lucky I must be to have the evicted seated beside me."

A rush of shivers ran through her, he had heard of her and he was happy to have her. She managed to whisper back in his ear softly, "I have been seeking you out, so I consider myself lucky for finding you."

He trailed kissed at her neck and up her jaw, then he placed his lips upon hers, drinking her sweetness, his arm about her shoulder drawing her in closer; she melted to him. Her hand caressing his thigh gently, she could feel the extreme heat coming from his groin and she smiled.

He drew back to look into her eyes, it was the first time he had been impatient with a prey, but this was no ordinary prey and he was so aroused that he would take her here and now. Managing a few words he said, "I think best we leave to somewhere more comfortable my dear Angelina."

"Yes, I think best," she whispered, her lips moist from his kisses and her eyes wide with excitement.

They walked silently out of the club, and slipped into the waiting limo outside. Once inside doors closed, orders given to the driver, and the connecting glass shut. He turned to her, gently pulling her back to him he kissed her lips, his hand trailing her thigh caressing it, higher and higher till he barely slipped his finger above her little panties feeling the moistness there. 

He pulled back and said, "you are extremely moist my dear angel."

She simply laughed placing a hand above his aroused cock, caressing gently and said, "and you are extremely aroused my dear Spider."

Then once again he pulled her into his arms, she melted again into him, hand still caressing his throbbing arousal and his stroking above her moistness. She heard a whimper and realized it was her, she was extremely aroused and wanted to cry out loud as his fingers stroked and teased.

Groans and moans filled the back of the limo as it whisked down the street, till it reached its destination.

Upon arriving he opened the car door swiftly tugging her behind him, and led her into his home. Closing the door he looked at her in the light, she looked amazing, aroused and she was trembling lightly he noticed. He slipped his hand into hers and led her into his bedroom. She stood there angelically smiling at him. 

He came close to her and simply whispered, "show me yourself."

Her eyes flashed at him and said, "if I show you me, will you show me you?"

"Trust me my angel, you shall see more than you have bargained for." he replied.

Angelina stepped back, trembling as she removed her blouse tossing it aside, then suddenly her white wings appeared, fluttering, and flapping. Her bare breast covered by her gold hair, leaving little peeks of the flesh hidden.

He eyed her hungrily, watching those majestic wings, approaching her slowly; he stripped of his shirt tossing it aside. "Fair is fair" he said.

She eyed his beautiful chest, his little hairs and tanned skin. She wanted to lick him, taste him and tease him. But this was not an easy man, he was not named Spider for nothing and she knew the task at hand would be hard.

As he approached her, he held her in his arms, his lips descending on hers slowly pushing her back against an empty wall. He kissed her for moments or hours she could not tell, she felt his hands stroking her wings and teasing her flesh. Closing her eyes for a brief second not knowing where his hands were for they seemed all over then she felt it, her wings fluttering , yet captured, her fingers moving yet her wrists bound, and her lips moving yet her head immobile. She opened her eyes and saw him, she gasped, eights hands were all over her, and she was bound to his web, only her legs were free. 

"No!" she cried out as reality struck her.

"Yes my angel you asked to see me, therefore behold what you asked to see." he stepped back and twirled before her.

"Did I mention that I have heard that you cannot be tamed? Yet tonight my sweet angel Angelina I shall tame you." he warned. 

Stepping back close to her, he kissed her lips, two hands moving the hair covering her sweet breasts revealing their fullness to him. Caressing them lightly her nipples hardened to his touch, aching and straining.

She arched into his touch moaning lightly against his lips, this was the first time she had been bound by another, and it excited her, she was always in control of the humans she had been with before, yet she was dealing with no human she reminded herself. She could not think, his hands at her nipples, two at her ankles, two at her thighs caressing between her legs, spreading them wider, and another two bracing himself to the wall. She was aching and shivering, wanting more yet wanting control, her mind was trying to fight him, yet her body was lost, reacting to each stroke, and each caress.

He could sense it, her fighting for control, not wanting to beg, and he could also feel his hard throbbing arousal wanting to burst free and slip in between her silky thighs, into her wetness. He too was fighting for control, yet he reminded himself, he wanted to tame her; she was a challenge he would not lose.

His lips left hers to trail down her neck, nibbling at her collar bone, and then slowly downward taking a nipple between his teeth his nibbled and sucked. Her chest heaving beneath him and her soft moans exciting him more.

Each nipple was a feast to him, taking his time inhaling her scent, suckling, nibbling, kissing, as one hand slid between her thighs and above her wet, soaked panties, stroking and teasing.

She squirmed and arched, moaned and panted, biting in the urge to beg for him to stop and take her. He would not break her, no one had tamed her and none would. She could feel the moistness slipping from her onto those wet panties he was rubbing against her, she could smell his hard arousal her legs barely holding her up, she bucked her hips against his hand, straining for relief.

He licked lower, kissing her tummy, circling her navel with his tongue, he could smell her hard scent of cum, and he could feel her shivering beneath him. He loved it, wanting more.

Then two hands gripped the hem of her skirt and with no mercy, ripped it from her slender form, the sound of ripping fabric filling the room, the urge to rip her apart filling him. He eyed her white little panties with pure raw need to lick and taste what was hidden beneath it. Yet he didn't rip it from her, he kissed down one thigh then up, then treating the second thigh to the same tenderness. Lifting one leg, he placed it on his shoulder, letting it lay there, his lips tracing kisses up in between her thighs, till he reached her moist panties. He hungrily licked them, tasting, inhaling then sucking her gently through them.

She let out a deep moan, she felt his lips there, sucking making her wetter, making her want to beg she fidgeted her arms straining against the silken web wrapped around her wrists, her hips bucking and her voice strained as she whispered "god!"

He looked up at her and said, "you are evicted my dear Angelina he wont help you now."

This time he returned two hands to her hips, and two grabbing the panties by the sides, looking up, and with one little tug he ripped her panties from her skin, leaving her bare to his eyes and lips.

He smiled as he looked down and saw that she was completely bare to him, her mound exquisite as all of her, her beautiful moist pink pussy begging to be touched, begging to be licked and sucked. He growled and gently began licking her mound then lower till he was at the source of her heat. His hands still holding her waist as he felt her buck and shake against his lips. He sat back and said "scream for me angel, beg me, beg me to fulfill you, beg me to relieve you" and returned his lips once more, sucking at her clit, tugging at it, then sliding his tongue down between her folds, probing her, tasting her from within.

She could not bear it anymore, she tried to hold her cries and pleads, yet she could no more, and as he spoke to her she knew she was defeated, she let out a little cry and began pleading and begging. "Please, I beg you."

Then she felt his fingers caress her clit as he sucked at her, and heard him whisper "cum for me angel, release yourself, you are mine."

She came then, her body shivering as waves of pleasure ran through her, she gasped and moaned, panting, bucking against his lips, and releasing herself to him. Barely able to move her head she screamed, the intense pleasure rocking through her like wildfires.

He tasted her cum, he loved it, he took all of it and wanted more, yet he was on the brink of screaming himself, his hard arousal now aching and straining against his pants and he knew he longed to slip inside her. 

Slowly he traced kisses back up to her lips, his fingers replacing the place where his mouth had just been, sliding three fingers into her; he took her lips, making her taste her juices upon his lips, while two hands freed him of his restraining pants and he shrugged them off tossing them aside, pressing his hardness into her, he grinded his body against her aching for a little relief. 

Then he stepped back, leaving her entirely and she saw it, his hard arousal, licked her lips and bit her lower lip. Her hands fighting now against the web wanting to wrap her fingers around him to feel him. And when he looked at her and said, "Angelina what do you want? Tell me? Ask me? What does my evicted angel crave right now?"

She didn't even know she answered him yet she heard herself say, "I want to suck, stroke and taste you."

"my angel you shall stroke, yet in order to tame you, you shall remain so, my captive" 

And with that she felt one hand fall free and her head unbound, she instantly reached out for him wanting to feel him, to hold his power in her hand. He moved in closer to her, placing one thigh between hers. She wrapped her long fingers around him, stroking him gently, caressing his tip with her thumb, and around it, and then lower slowly, and teasing him expertly. His lips left her mouth to bite at her neck he groaned, and said, "cease your teasing angel for I long to rip you apart."

She gasped at the bite and her fingers held him tighter now, stroking harder, she enjoyed massaging every inch of his hard cock. Moaning as his fingers now replaced his thigh, three fingers mimicking her stroking, probing her harder, making her scream as she came.

Suddenly he pulled back and she whimpered. but not for long for she was grabbed harshly by two hands grabbing her waist and lifting her; his body coming to cover hers as he wrapped her legs around him, ramming his hard cock deep into her. She let out a scream and moans, feeling him enter her. Rocking her above him, he felt her tightness around him, gripping him and begging for more. He penetrated her, rammed himself into her harder, faster, the beast in him taking control, he fucked her with no mercy.

Her free hand at his back, scratching, her teeth at his neck biting, her moans heard and her legs wrapping around him tighter, bringing him in deeper.

His cock driving in and out of her as if he could not get enough of her, her whole body being ripped apart by the carnal urge and raw want.

Suddenly she was freed, both her hands now about his neck clinging onto him, her wings flapping fast, her body arching back and her moans deeper. 

He carried her to the bed, where he laid her back removing himself from her, turning her around, one hand holding her head and shoulders down into the pillow, one at her shoulder, one at her breast teasing her nipple, one holding her fluttering wings, two at her waist, one stroking her clit and one running up and down his hard cock as he slipped it between her raised ass. She bucked back against him, telling him with her body what she needed, yet he held back, caressing her folds with his tip, teasing her, then lifting her head he asked, "what do you want angel?"

She moaned and screamed out, "you in me, hard, fast, and merciless."

With one hard ram her was deep in her, making her hide her face into the pillows screaming out her delight, her hips meeting each thrust, pushing herself back against him, the sound of smacking flesh filling the room. He gritted his teeth, she was tight and when she was near she tightened more about him, he was holding back, she gloved him perfectly, his hard cock embedded within her, he drove faster, and faster till he arched his head back felt her clench and spilt his seed within her letting out groan after groan as he released.

Her knuckles white from gripping the sheets, her screams hidden yet heard, she had climaxed as he felt him cum within her. Her tightness gripping at him, milking him of every last drop till he was done. He then collapsed beside her, their mixed juices flowing down her thighs as she felt him slide out of her. She then collapsed too.

Turning her face to look at him, breathless and panting she saw that he had changed back to his human form and was panting as she was.

She whispered, "Have I been tamed?"

"No angel, not yet." he managed to say.

He then slid his arms about her waist and brought her close to him, wrapping her into his warmth, her wings gone too, she snuggled into him, listening to his panting breath she heard him say, "rest now angel, we have much taming yet to do."

Closing their eyes they let the exhaustion take over and they both fell into deep sleep.

During the early morning light he woke up to a sensual feeling of hot wet lips kissing his chest. Opening his eyes he saw her, she was bent over him, wings fluttering, lips caressing his chest, kissing and nibbling. His arousal was instant, she smiled at him and she looked at him and said, "It's about time you woke up." 

Not waiting for another word her lips traced lower, kissing his tip, flicking her tongue around it, licking it, holding him with one hand as her lips tasted and sucked him.

He groaned and arched his hips beneath her, one hand in her hair while the second stroked her wings and back.

She felt her wetness, with her free hand stroking herself as she did him; she tasted his pre cum and sucked greedily at him wanting him hard and ready for her. she felt his hand pushing her head lower, until she had him all in the mouth, his hips rocking, his tension building. Then her head was tugged back sharply, and he groaned saying, "ride me my beautiful angel."

Slowly she slid astride him positioning herself for his entrance, back to him, his hands now grabbed her waist and pulled her down fully not allowing her to tease him. She arched back a little and moaned, and then forward leaning onto his thighs, her nipples brushing against them, she rocked and rode him, giving him a full view of his cock in her. 

Then one hand gripped her wings and stopped her he groaned and said, "turn now."

She giggled and slowly turned sitting facing him now he sat up bringing her lips to his as he forced himself harder into her now, his hips rocking, her body riding, till it happened the hard and heated climax, they both came, panting against each others lips. They smiled and laughed still holding each other, he whispered, "your not yet tamed my angel."

"Neither are you." she said.

Then gently he held her face and asked, "you know I'm not going to let you leave me till I tame you?"

She threw her head back and laughed saying, "I'm not leaving till I tame you."

"Oh my dear angel we have a long time to go then." he laughed and said

And she simply replied, "we have nothing else to do."

And with that they fell asleep that dawn and many dawns to come. For the Evicted could not tame the Spider and the Spider could not tame the Evicted.