 It was a grand circular mattress. Sheer, very sheer fabric hung from the ceiling and was spread out to make a cone shaped canopy curtain. Oil lamps were in key locations in the room, giving just enough light. Wearing nothing but a pair of white pants and a simple white top, her hair tumbling around her form, Princess Inka lied down on this bed and gave a miserable sigh. 

Her husband should've come by then. 

He should've asked to visit her apartment, given her wedding gifts, and then the marriage should've been consummated. 

Her loyal attendant knocked on the wall and said, "Your Highness?" 

"Jorun?" Inka sat up and put her fingers over one of the curtains' edges. She saw the redheaded woman holding her own lamp. "Is there any news?" 

Jorun's face tensed and she frowned. "A message was sent to us. Your honorable husband has suddenly become ill. He sends his sincerest apologies, and he will offer you a package of sweets every day." Just then, Inka realized Jorun's other hand had a bundle of paper tied together with a silk ribbon. "This is the first package," Jorun said. 

Inka took the package, untied, and then unfolded it. Despite the weak light, she was able to see a bundle of firm cubes. She put one of them in her mouth. Something lingered on her fingers. It was a soft powdered sugar. The cube itself had a rosewater flavor and a thick, chewy texture. It tasted nice, fairly similar to something she could eat in her homeland, although such a treat would be much more rare there. Aside from honey and fruits, sugar in general was difficult to come by in Eiragla. 

The sweetness wasn't a comfort. 

Who could say what would happen if this marriage wasn't consummated soon?! 

She couldn't eat the rest of the treats. Her worry ruined whatever appetite she could ever have. She handed the package over to Jorun. "Take it. I don't want it." 

With a furrowed brow, Jorun asked, "Are you certain? These look like fine treats." 

"Take it," Inka bitterly repeated. 

Jorun shook her head. "I'll put it away for later. You might change your mind." 

As Jorun left, Inka folded her body into a small ball and tried to sleep. It was difficult. The air was too warm and thick for her tastes. It soon started raining. It sounded so heavy that Inka vaguely wondered if a step outside would drown her. 

And she cried a little. 

But she told herself that she needed to be strong. 

*** 

When Inka woke up the following morning, Jorun was there to greet her, kneeling on a cushion near her bed. Both women had studied Gehnan culture the best they could, but they were still adapting to the social norms and customs. 

"Good morning, Your Highness," Jorun said very calmly. Her red hair was in a braid hanging down her back, and there was a small white turban on her head. She was wearing a pale yellow outfit, baggy pants, a small shirt with a length that stopped a little bit below her chest, and a short vest. "The Empress Dowager is waiting to have breakfast with you." 

In Gehna, it was customary for a new bride to have breakfast with the matriarch in the family the day after the wedding, then burn some incense before a certain goddess' statue and pray for a few minutes. 

Three maids quietly hurried into the room to help Inka get dressed. She ended up in a simple outfit of pale green, with a long skirt and a top with short sleeves that imitated the shape of a partially closed flower bud. A thin veil of black was put on her head and kept in place via a golden circlet with little pearls and coral beads. Rings were put on her middle fingers, and small dangling earrings were put in her earlobes. Then a single necklace with a pearl pendant was hooked over nape. 

The jewelry Inka had worn on her wedding day were very old pieces that had been lent to her. After the wedding they were taken back to the treasury. Still, the Empress Consort had given Inka several other pieces. Princess Consort Inka was not allowed to go without her shiny things. The alternative would've been an embarrassment. 

After making sure her lips were painted a proper shade of pink, and applying some gentle perfume, Inka rose to leave her apartment. Jorun protectively took her hand, which was a little odd for Gehnan tastes, but Inka didn't have the heart to tell her to quit the habit. At the apartment's interior exit, Jorun put a pair of slippers onto Inka's feet, then put her own slippers on. A set of bearers brought the princess' palanquin to them, and Jorun helped the princess in first. Then she got in too. 

The ride to the Empress Dowager's apartment was a little long. The palace was ... well ... a palace. It was huge. After the bearers finally put the palanquin back down, and the women exited the vehicle, they had to wait for guards to open tall, heavy doors. Then they had to wait for a servant to bow to Princess Inka and politely ask what their business was. 

Jorun said very cooly, "My mistress is here to have breakfast and pray with the Empress Dowager." 

The servant nodded and said she'd give the message. Then she disappeared. Two minutes later, the servant returned and asked to be followed. Princess Inka and Jorun did so, entering the apartment. It was full of lively plants, including the sweetest flowers, many from far off countries. The paintings, statues, and tapestries nearly intimidated Inka. That's how beautiful and well made they were. She imagined this apartment was the most luxurious one in the whole palace. Not even the Emperor would have such a fantastic place. 

And of course, their shoes were removed. 

They were led to a dining room with archways that had open wooden frames, full of star and flower shapes with occasional circles. There were two tables and two seats. One low table and a cushion were available for Inka. A taller table and a chair was for the Empress Dowager, and that's where she sat. Both Inka and Jorun prostrated themselves, and Inka was the one to give a verbal greeting. 

"I'm here to gratefully accept the Great Empress Dowager's wisdom." 

Empress Dowager Siddhi, a woman who looked shriveled and bitter, didn't even glance at the new young women. Her head was stubbornly turned to the opposite direction, where her own attendant nervously waited for instructions, and she received them. "Tell the maids to bring the food." 

The attendant's bare feet whisked along as she disappeared to another room. When she returned, she was helping two maids with trays of food and drinks, and those edible items were elegantly arranged on the tables. Soft, pinched dumplings full of tofu with chili paste for dipping. A savory pancake made of rice and black gram that had been well ground together. A small bowl of vegetable stew. A few cubes of yak cheese. A tall glass of water gently flavored with flower petals. And a cup of tea that looked a bit orange. 

The Empress received slightly larger portions. That was to be expected. 

"You may rise," the Empress said. 

Of course, the princess and her attendant did so. And only when the Empress gave permission did the princess dare to sit down at the low table. 

With their attendants standing nearby, the royal women ate in silence. It was a long, uncomfortable meal. The maids kept close with pitchers and teapots to refill the beverages. When the meal was finished, the Empress Dowager told Inka to go with her to the altar, which was in a connected room. They both knelt on thin mats, before a gold and ivory statue of a goddess. A long, ceramic tray with incense sticks was sitting perhaps a few inches ahead of them, awaiting the flame. The women each lit a stick on fire. A dark, green smell floated along with the smoky, swirling lines that rose in the air. 

They put their palms together against their bosoms and remained silent for a while. Inka didn't pray. She only pretended to pray. However, she knew she had immigrated here. She had to change herself to suit Gehna, not the other way around. That was just basic courtesy, especially since she'd married into the Royal Family. 

Eventually the Empress Dowager curtly said, "You're dismissed." 

Inka bowed to her. "I'm thankful that the Great Empress Dowager let me have her attention." 

The response she received was cold silence. 

Inka left after that. 

But she asked the bearers at her palanquin to take her to the Higher Sewing Department, where a tiny army of women and some men made clothing for the Royal Family and higher level servants. Spinning, weaving, and fabric dyeing was also done there. The Lower Sewing Department was a different area with people that made clothing for the lower servants, even the chamber pot scrubbers. Obviously, the higher department had more qualified, more skilled people who made the best of the best clothing. Inka and Jorun later stood in a lobby in that section, where the manager there wrote down an order. 

Inka wanted a long bolt of muslin, but not ordinary muslin. She wanted the dye to be soaked in a gradient pattern of every color in a rainbow. She wanted the fabric embroidered with silver lilies and black carpenter ants. 

According to Inka's knowledge, lilies in Gehna were associated with dignity and beauty, while carpenter ants (despite their destructive behavior) were associated with tenacity and teamwork. Rainbows themselves were associated with the Gehnan version of the Afterlife, more specifically the section reserved for good people. There weren't any sumptuary laws concerning what colors one would be allowed to wear in cloth, although there were some laws concerning jewelry. So, while fabric with rainbow colors could be expensive (particularly the sections of purple), nobody could rightfully be punished for wearing it as long as everything was legally obtained. 

Inka also asked if they had any spare foot-treadle looms, perhaps one that was a bit damaged. She'd be happy to purchase one for her own personal use. Then she asked if they had any dyed threads that nobody used anymore. The manager was happy to cater to her. 

After the order was made, Inka decided to visit the Empress Consort's apartment, just to see if she was doing well. The servant there immediately let the women into a reception room, and the Empress Consort appeared perhaps five minutes after Inka was seated on a cushion. The younger women tried to kneel to her, but the Empress waved the gesture away. 

"It's good to see you, Little Calf." The Empress sat down right beside Inka and patted her hand. She looked up to her attendant. "Ask for one of the clever maids to play a sitar." 

The attendant whispered to a maid, and that maid went to fetch someone. 

Inka nodded to the Empress. "I'm honored to have been accepted into the Empress Consort's apartment." 

"Yes, yes," the Empress said quite impatiently, her red lips making a light smile, "that's all fine. Now, how did your visit to the Dowager unfold?" 

"I believe it was successful, Your Majesty." 

With a playful shrug, her brown braid falling over her shoulder, the Empress said, "It must've been a very quiet breakfast." 

Her teal eyes pointed at her lap, where her white hands were demurely layered, Inka gave a very respectful response. "It was a high privilege." 

A maid with a sitar appeared and bowed. Then she sat down a reasonable distance away and softly played her music. The rest of the women watched the sitar player for a moment, but soon the Empress Consort asked, "Have you considered giving the Dowager a gift? Something especially for her? You'd do well to gain her favor." 

"Your advice is highly loved, Your Majesty." Inka kept her face serene. "I will consider it when I next have the time." She earned a smile from the Empress Consort. 

"Such an obedient child!" The Empress' dark eyes shimmered as she patted Inka's hand again. "Now why don't you talk to me for a while? Tell me about your homeland." 

Inka then spent some time describing the seasons in Eiragla, then the flora and fauna. After that, music and popular literature. She gave this information mechanically, leaving out any personal details. 

Near the end, the Empress Consort frowned and asked, "Do you have any childhood stories?" 

Inka sighed and invented a story right there. Once, when she was tiny, she had a pet squirrel. The squirrel ran away. So she was given another squirrel. The second one was very affectionate and never bit anyone. A completely false story, but the Empress listened. 

"My son has some pets. Perhaps he'll introduce you to them one day." 

"That would be pleasant, Your Majesty." 

The Empress Consort's eyes softened, and she gave a tender question, tilting her body closer and putting her jasmine perfume in Inka's nose. "My daughter ... Jaya ... we chose to send her to Eiragla because she's clever and strong. Do you think she'll be treated well there?" 

Inka sighed. Then she forced a tiny smile. "Your Majesty, I can promise nothing, but I believe my father and brothers will treat Princess Jaya at least a hundred times more kindly than they've treated me." 

This released any painful tension left in the Empress Consort, and she asked for a board game. She spent the next two hours teaching Inka the game and playing a few rounds with her. They were given sweet rice cakes for snacks during this time. 

When the games became too dull, Empress Lavanya dismissed Inka with a smile. 

*** 

Princess Lataa completely ignored the protests of the male servant and barged through the entrance and into the foyer, calling out, "Niti!! Niiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiii!! How dare you tell this man to refuse me?!" 

Rahki followed, but gave nervous little words of advice. "You shouldn't enter your brother's apartment without permission, Your Highness." 

"Nonsense!" Lataa made shooing gestures at the other servants that were pleading with her as they knelt down. "I haven't bothered with formalities here in years. Why would Niti embarrass me now?" 

"But he said your brother's ill, Your Highness," Rahki lightly countered. "I'm afraid I can't remove your shoes now. It would be a breach of etiquette." 

At that moment, two guards, tall and armed, quietly walked into the foyer, and then they caught up to, and stood before, Princess Lataa. Their faces were stony. One of them politely said, "Please forgive us, Your Highness. We're only enforcing the law here. Every person below His Highness' rank must have permission before entering, which you do not have." A younger sibling in the Royal Family had lower rank than an older sibling, you see. "And aside from that point, Your Highness, our prince is quite ill, and not in the mood for any unnecessary visitors at all." 

Right then, a man called out, "His Imperial Majesty is here!" 

The guards knelt. So did Lataa's attendant. Lataa was technically supposed to kneel too, at least for a few seconds, but she didn't. She just ran up to her father and whined to him. "Papa! Papaaaaaaaa!!" She twisted her slim hips around and shook her fists, making her jewelry ring. "Niti won't let me visit him! He's being so mean! He knows I'm his baby sister!! I'm special!!" 

The Emperor rolled his eyes and groaned, but he patted the top of Lataa's bejeweled, veiled head. "If he doesn't want to see you, then there's nothing I can do without being called fatuous." Then, he made a low wave of his hand and said, "I'll go to his reception room and see what the problem is." 

*** 

Prince Nitishila told Mamun to let his father in. He couldn't keep this secret from the Emperor for long, might as well let him in on the issue. The prince sat on a low sofa in his bedroom, peeking into a crack of sunlight from behind a window's curtain. When the Emperor entered the room, both Nitishila and Mamun knelt, although Nitishila got up soon and went back to his seat, folding and crossing his legs like an open flower. And Mamun turned his kneeling position to the more recumbent position. The Emperor had to gesture for the attendant to get up. 

"Boy, you look as healthy as that blasted cat you love." The Emperor sat down on a sofa similar to what his son was using. His healthy looking attendant stood nearby. 

With a deep nod, Nitishila said, "I hope my wise father may forgive me." 

Emperor Mahajiti scratched his fingernails into his beard and gave his son a harsh look. "What game have you crafted, Boy?" 

"It's not a game, Dear Father. I'm trying to solve a problem." 

An eyebrow rising, the Emperor said, "If you want this problem solved, then you'd best ask me for help." 

Keeping his humble tone, the prince said, "When my new bride was revealed, I reevaluated the wedding gifts I set aside for her, and I found them wanting." 

At this information, the Emperor laughed very greatly, and then he said, "Oh? You don't simply want to be polite to her? You want to impress her?" 

Prince Nitishila had the good sense to look ashamed of himself. 

"Well," the Emperor said with a clap on his thigh, "that's fine. I'll help you find gifts to satisfy your change of heart." He rose from his seat and quietly approached his son, his eyes suddenly cold. "In the interim, however ..." 

He pulled his ringed hand back, and then his hand cracked right into Nitishila's face. The heavy jewelry broke some of the man's skin, knocking him onto his side. To his credit, the prince didn't cry out. He didn't even put his hand to his face. He only straightened himself back up as if nothing had happened. 

The Emperor's next words were like an assassin's blade, quiet and cold. "Your wife is still a virgin, all too vulnerable in this political climate, simply because you were too embarrassed of what you assumed was a mistake." He pointed down at his son, a little blood shimmering on his jewelry. "A full month might be required to satisfy your childish pride, and I'll be certain that you suffer dearly all the while. You want the world to know you're ill? Then you must behave accordingly. Aside from a merchant offering you fine products for your pitiable virgin bride, you'll have no visitors. Your pathetic, ill body will not be allowed any contact with your strong pets. We'd best not risk the health of my possible heir to the empire, correct?" The Emperor hadn't technically named his son as his successor, but he would likely do so soon. 

With admirable conviction, Prince Nitishila nodded. 

"And my ill son's diet must be restricted to the most basic foods, with limited spice and sugar. We can't let anything counter the medicine, and there will be medicine. Nothing with dangerous side-effects, of course, but it will be the bitterest, most horribly sour medicines we have." 

A second nod. 

"And we cannot, simply cannot, leave your virgin wife at anyone's mercy." Emperor Mahajiti smiled here. He looked nearly evil. "I'll have to send more guards to her apartment. If any mischievous, lustful creature tried to impregnate her before you did, well, that would be the highest embarrassment for this family, wouldn't it?" 

A third nod. 

The Emperor held his hand out, and his attendant went to him with a handkerchief to wipe the blood off his jewelry and skin. "When you have your new wedding gifts, you'll have a full recovery. You'll present the gifts to your bride and consummate the marriage. Understood?" 

A fourth nod. 

Good, then. 

Risking a very important political marriage this way couldn't go unpunished, now could it? 

*** 

Princess Lataa was back in her apartment, angrily puffing at her pipe, hardly savoring the smoke. The room was rapidly turning hazy. 

Why did Niti have to turn ill all of a sudden? Why didn't he just take better care of himself? Now he wasn't able to walk with her in gardens, hand her flowers and other presents, and tell her what a pretty little doll she was. What was she supposed to do now? 

Rahki tried to calm her with silly chatter. Then she left the room to find a box of Lataa's favorite dried fruit snacks. On the way, a maid caught Rahki and whispered some mildly interesting news into her ear. Rahki assumed her mistress would want this information. So, as she went to Lataa and handed her the box of snacks, she told her, "Your honorable sister-in-law has made an order at the Higher Sewing Department." 
