 [Author's Note: Hi everyone, I am so sorry about the long gap between updates. I've been going through a lot of very personal difficulties as of late, and that coupled with my final semester of college has left me with very little free time. I'll try to be better in the future, I promise. I hate keeping you all waiting. So, when we last left our intrepid young escapist, Devlin Silvermane, he had just departed from Akaria, his dragoness lover, and almost immediately was attacked by a mob of monster girls. Let's see if he survives, and if so, if his journey will teach him any more about his father's secretive life, shall we? Hope you enjoy the tale. Reviews are always welcome.] 

*

For hours I'm caught in a wild tangle of limbs, my pleas for mercy drowned out by the ecstatic moans of my zombie girl captresses. Their bodies press in around me, they fight to gain positions closer to me. One after another pushes her sisters aside and straddles my hips or my face, riding me with ferocious vigor, thrusting their curvaceous hips against my helpless, trapped body. I try to pull away, but they hold me down, lustfully scratching and nibbling on my every inch of exposed skin. This is it, I'm going to die here, trapped under this mob of sex-crazed monster girls. Akaria isn't here to save me, I'm going to be raped to death! Then, with a startling suddenness, silence falls.

A slightly larger zombie girl, who has taken several turns astride my hips, despite the efforts of her sisters to push her aside so they might take me, stops her rhythmic thrusting and merely sits still, my manhood still clenched in the tight grip of her inner walls. Hastily, the zombie girls begin to rise, darting from the clearing as fast as their natural gait will allow. A few make an attempt to drag me after them--for more prolonged mating, I assume--but whatever sudden panic has beset them causes them to leave me be. And so I lay, panting and exhausted on the grass, my body aching with physical exhaustion, unable to force myself to sit up and acknowledge my new threat until I see her. And then, I laugh. I laugh aloud. It's only a pink Slime Girl. 

"Stop laughing," pouts the Slime, a beautiful woman whose entire body is composed of translucent pink slime.

She is of a shapely, curvy build, very attractive, though her slimy body might turn some folks off. I struggle to sit up, exhausted from the mass rape I endured at the hands of the zombie girls. The Slime giggles and extends her arms, pushing me to my back and falling with me so that she lands on top of me. Her body feels light, yet still heavy enough to keep me trapped. She is soft, squishy, and a bit sticky, but not unpleasant at all. She presses her gelatinous form against me, engulfing my lower body completely inside herself, surrounding me from the hips down in cool slime.

"See," she taunts, "I may look cute, but now I've trapped you. I could eat you up, just pull you into me and absorb you."

"Why did the zombie girls run?"

"I eat them too, for nutrients," she casually explains in that same, chipper tone.

"Are you going to eat me?"

"No," she answers after a moment of thought, "I think I'll just rape you, boy. But you look exhausted, I'll take care of that first."

I open my mouth to protest. She's very cute, in a slimy sort of way, but I am just drained, and I don't think I'll survive another bout of feverish love-making. But when I open my mouth, the Slime Girl engulfs it between her lips, letting her wet tongue slip deep into my mouth, exploring and leaving a trail of sweet slime in its wake. When I swallow the slime that slowly starts to fill my mouth, I feel a cool invigoration wash over me, it's like Akaria's dragon milk. She keeps her mouth planted firmly over mine, even as my manhood grows stiff inside her soft, membranous body.

The Slime Girl contracts her body around my shaft, sending vibrating ripples through herself to course up and down my full length. I feel a sucking sensation around the head of my manhood and it drives me wild, coercing me to thrash about wildly in the tingling throws of pleasure. The Slime Girl continues invading my mouth with her tongue, moaning in ecstasy all the while. My hips quiver inside her body, my shaft strains in the squeezing, massaging grip she holds upon it. I let out a long, low groan as an orgasm washes over me, enveloping me in a wave of pleasure which renders my manhood all the more sensitive to the slimy caress of my lover.

"That was fun," she says, freeing my mouth at last, "let's go again, cutie."

"Ah, I can't," I gasp, still breathing heavily, "I'm exhausted, I think I'll pass out if we do this again."

She thinks about this, humming to herself as she ponders whether to leave me alone, rape me, or carry me off to some unknown fate. I'm still trapped inside her, held in the squishy prison of her body's mass.

"Okay, cute boy," she chirps, "that felt really good, so I've decided to be nice and let you go. If I keep you, I'll either have to eat you or share you with my sisters. It would be fun, I love the look on your face when you're all helpless with pleasure. But my sisters won't stop when you're tired, they'll hurt you."

"So..."

"So I'll let you go, sweetie," she concludes. "But I'll catch you again one day, and we'll have even more fun."

The Slime Girl stands up and helps me get to my feet. I stand shakily, leaning on her for support. The Slime holds me up until I'm steady and then throws her arms around my neck and presses her lips against mine, leaving me with one final, slimy kiss before she wanders off into the forest, leaving me to gather up my clothes, pack, and sword once more.

"More fun, eh?"

I know that voice, and turn about to see the middle-aged man who I'd first encountered, the man who'd set me on this strange path of mine.

"Sorry again about the cave," he said sheepishly, "I get a bit turned around with all my traveling."

"Where did you come from? Are you following me?" I demand.

"Keeping an eye on you," he replies, "just until I'm certain you've got this Escapist thing down. Your father would never forgive me if I let you get hurt."

"Well," I relent, "I can't really be too mad about the cave, I did meet Akaria after all."

"Your dragoness?"

"That's her." I say with an inadvertent fond smile crossing my face. "She's branded me as her eternal mate."

"Are you happy with that?"

"I'm certainly not unhappy with it."

I move to the edge of the clearing and hear the footsteps of my companion following at a decent pace. He appears to be in reasonable shape for an older man, but still I'm impressed that he keeps pace with me as we move through the woodlands, pushing through thick undergrowth and picking our way through the occasional dried up creek-bed.

"So your mate let's you wander, then?" he quips.

"I'm free to do as I will," I retort, feigning defensiveness. "Akaria doesn't own me."

"She's just branded you, is that all?"

We both chuckle at that. There are some very gentle, even submissive monster girls, but dragonesses are not counted amongst them. At last, I tire of walking and sit down on a flat rock. I open my pack and retrieve some dry rations, nothing special but more than sufficient to satiate my hunger. My traveling companion sits across from me on a tree stump.

"Tired, are you?" he asks.

"A bit," I must confess, "traveling by foot is not really something I'm used to, yet."

"You could have asked your dragoness to carry you around," he suggests.

"I suppose I could..."

But the man's attention has wandered elsewhere, he's not meeting my eye. He's staring off into the distance with a vague expression, his head tilted as though listening to something I cannot hear.

"What, what is it?" I ask, my voice dropping to a whisper.

"Time for me to leave," he says. "If my guess is right, this should work out well for you."

"What should?"

He stands up on his tree stump, not answering or even acknowledging my question. Instead, he retrieves an object from his pack: a round, shiny metal disc on a short pole, and holds it above his head. The sunlight glints off the metal, reflecting so brightly that it hurts my eyes. Yet, I cannot look away, for no sooner does the sun strike the metal of what I assume is some sort of signaling device than I hear a piercing shriek. Like an arrow from the sky, a harpy descends, shooting through the tree tops and landing on her clawed feet beside the man. She has the body of a woman, though her shapely legs end in bird-clawed feet, and her arms are merged with beautiful bird wings. Multicolored feathers cover her torso, the top of her head, and her wings; they look soft and alluring.

"Hello, husband," she says in a chipper tone to the man. "Are you ready to go home?"

"I am," he says, stepping close to her.

"Are we taking that one too?" she asks, pointing at me with a wingtip. "My sister would probably like him for a mate."

"Oh no, he's promised to another," the man says. "Farewell Devlin, I think you shall be most pleased with your journey in the near future."

With that, the harpy flaps her wings and rises into the air, then grips my companion by his shoulders, holding him firmly in her talons as she flies upward through the canopy of leaves. And just like that, he's gone. I never even got his name, and now I don't know when, or if, I'll be seeing him again. He knew my father, he set me on this path, he helped me meet Akaria, and I didn't even ask his name.

"Gods, I'm an idiot," I mutter sheepishly.

"But a cute one," says a light, cheerful voice from behind me.

I whirl around and see exactly what my departed benefactor must have heard in the trees, a Fox Girl, or kitsune as they're properly called. She stands about a head shorter than I, with little fox ears poking out from her brown hair, which is pulled back in a ponytail. Besides the fox ears, she has a thick, fluffy tail that swishes back and forth. She is clad in what appear to be soft boots, a midriff-baring top, and tight-fitting pants. I must admit, she's a cute kitsune, though the two short-swords slung across her back add a bit of menace to the picture.

"Are you going to come along quietly, male?" she asks, stepping closer. "Or will we have to drag you, kicking and screaming, back to our den? Because either way works for us."

"Us?" I inquire, still finding it altogether hard to be threatened by this short, adorable little Fox Girl.

"That would be us," says another, slightly more stern voice from behind me.

I swivel about--getting snuck up on is becoming a bit old--to see two kitsune blocking any options for retreat, closing in upon me. In a moment, the three have me in their midst, and each has a hand to one of their weapons.

"So, what will it be?" asks the brown-haired kitsune.

"If you struggle a little," offers a black-haired one, "we can tie you up... wouldn't you like that?"

"Well, I... I'll go peacefully," I relent.

Really I have no other options. The kitsune have me surrounded, they have weapons, and to be perfectly honest, they're quite an attractive bunch. My heart belongs to Akaria, but she was willing to let me go experience what the world had to offer. Then again, the zombies and Slime Girl both had me captured when I couldn't put up a fight. Should I at least try and resist the kitsune's for Akaria's sake? She had no qualms with sharing me with her fellow cave-dwellers, but what would she think of these sneaky little Fox Girls trying to spirit me off to their den?

"Get moving, little boy," urges the stern-voiced, dark blue-haired kitsune. "We've got a long night planned for you."

"Give me a minute to think," I murmur, shrugging off the hands of my captresses.

They look about ready to leap on me or draw their weapons, or both, when a noise catches all of our attention: flapping. Not the light flap of bird wings, something much larger winging its way through the air. A shadow falls over us and the kitsune scatter, each performing a perfect evasive roll to get clear of what now descends. I stumble out of the way just in time to avoid being landed upon by none other than a very familiar dragoness. Akaria found me!

"Akaria," I exclaim, moving closer to her, "I just got captured by these kitsune. I wasn't sure what to do, what would make you happy."

"Captured," she teases, "by these cute little foxes?! Oh they must be so very tough and scary," she chides, much to the kitsune's collective chagrin.

"We caught him," the black-haired one insists. "He's ours to play with now."

"He's branded," Akaria points out. "See."

Akaria drops to the ground and drags me with her. Realizing what she's after, I squirm with embarrassment, which my dragoness lover ignores while stripping away my pants to expose the brand she placed on my scrotum. She holds my genitals in her clawed right hand and presents my branding to the three kitsune, who all gather close to look, giggling with excitement. I wriggle in Akaria's grasp, but the dragoness has a firm hold on me, and apparently I don't "want" to escape enough for my powers to trigger and get out of this humiliating predicament. Worse still, the attention of Akaria and the three kitsune seems to be inadvertently stimulating me. My manhood grows stiff, standing upright at its full, erect length, which from the looks on the faces of the kitsune, is fairly impressive.

"Oh," pouts the brown-haired one, "it's a shame he's your property. He looks like he'd be a lot of fun."

"Well now," Akaria replies in a sly voice, "I never said you couldn't play with him."

"Did you not say he was yours?" the blue-haired kitsune counters tersely.

"I did," Akaria affirms. "So, you can't keep him. He is mine. But you can certainly drag him off to your lair and enact whatever you wish upon him, so long as he's set free in one piece... and alive."

"Akaria!" I protest, struggling in her arms.

"Oh hush," she teases, kissing my forehead, "you know you think they're cute, I can tell. Plus, they caught you fair and square. Girls, he's all yours."

"Wait, Akaria," I object as the kitsune draw close and begin binding me with ropes procured from their pockets, "why are you even here? Were you following me?"

"I saw the zombie girls swarm a clearing," she explains, "so I waited to make sure you were safe. Then I saw the Slime Girl, and then you wandered off with that man; a friend of yours, I guess. When the harpy carried him off, I decided to stick close and see what happened next."

"So, you watched everything?"

"I did," she smirks deviously.

By now, the kitsune have my wrists and ankles tied together and are hoisting me up between the three of them. Akaria is standing back, watching them with an amused look on her face.

"So what will you do now?" I ask her.

"I'll follow you at a distance," she explains. "I like to watch. Then, when they let you go, we can continue your adventure together!"

"And what will you do?" I ask the kitsune.

"Carry you home," the blue-haired one says, "take turns with you, offer you to our chieftainess, and then share you with our whole tribe. Now, let's get moving."

"He likes it rough," Akaria calls after us as they carry me away.

* * *

"And then," concludes the black-haired kitsune, "once I climax a third time, I'll move from your hips to your--"

"Arva, that's enough," says the blue-haired one. "You have spent the last half-hour talking him to death."

"What Raen means," cut in the brown-haired kitsune, "is that it'll be more fun if you surprise him. He'll react more if he doesn't expect what you're planning."

"Oh, like that thing you do with your tail, Reska?" Arva asks the brown-haired Fox Girl.

"Arva!" Reska flushes. "Don't spoil the surprise!"

Even Raen, the more sullen, blue-haired Fox Girl cracks a smile at the back and forth between Arva and Reska. I lay still in their clutches, letting the three monster girls carry my body between them through the trees. They seem to know just where to go to avoid tight clusters of trees and treacherous footing. It is almost as if they can see, or perhaps smell, a path that I cannot perceive. That, and they surely know the woods better than I do. They likely grew up here. If I'm reading the sun correctly, they carry me north and west for a way, then take a turn to follow their invisible path more directly north, moving around a rise in the land and down a slope until I hear the faint trickle of a river.

We come out of the thick foliage onto a riverbank, which we follow north. I offer to walk, but the kitsune insist that I'm light enough to carry. I forget how strong monster girls are. The river continues north, but also branches off to the northeast. We follow this offshoot to where it terminates at a natural pond of sorts, flanked by low hills. On and around these hills are small but sturdy little houses, built in clusters.

"Welcome home, sweetie," Reska purrs in my ear.

"Let's take him to my hut," Raen offers. "We'll have our fun with him there before we share him with the others."

"You know," I say, my heart beating a bit faster, "Akaria was kidding, I don't like rough sex all that much."

"That's too bad," Raen says, "because we do, and you have no choice in the matter."

This resolute response silences me, but my nervousness is mounting. They could do anything to me. Sure, Akaria would save me, but what if she's not fast enough? What if they decide to hurt me, just for fun? Kitsune aren't like that though, are they? 

"Relax, little one," Arva soothes. "It'll be fun, I promise. Especially if you're good with your tongue," she adds with an eager little fox-noise of anticipation.

"Kitsune don't torture," Reska explains as the trio carries me through the door of a waterfront hut, "not in the extreme sense anyway. A little scratching and biting, maybe a spanking if you're a bad boy, but nothing like an Entangler might do to you." 

"Speaking of which," Raen asks, "shall we get to it, then?"

The hut is not lavishly furnished. A small fireplace below a smoke-hole in the ceiling, a table and two chairs, a wooden chest, and a bed of furs comprise much of the adornments. I'm laid on the fur blankets of the bed and my clothes are pulled away, ripped apart so they might be removed while my limbs remain bound. Unable to contain herself, Arva lets out an eager growl and seizes my manhood, holding it in a tight grip and pumping her fist up and down furiously. I throw back my head and moan with the sudden and unexpected pleasure.

"Arva," protests Reska, "I caught him first, I get him first!"

"He has other means of pleasing us besides that one," points out Raen, now a bit more visibly excited than her earlier mood suggested.

Arva squeals with glee and disrobes in a hurry. The other two kitsune do the same, revealing their athletic, attractive bodies. Reska moves astride my hips, straddling me and smiling down at my captive form. Free from her shirt, her large breasts sway gently when she breathes. It is mesmerizing. Reska seizes my erect shaft in her right hand. Her fist wraps around my erection, squeezing it tight. She raises her left hand to her mouth and runs her tongue over her fingers, thoroughly moistening them before lowering her fingertips to the head of my shaft, lubricating it with her saliva. I let out a little whimper, the light caress of her wet fingertips feels fantastic. She moves her fingers down my shaft, lubricating every inch.

"By the Goddess," Arva giggles, "I love to watch you work, Reska."

"She does certainly have a way with the males," Raen observes.

"We all have our way with the males," Reska laughs, before slowly easing my manhood between her thighs.

At the same time, Arden comes forward and steps over me, positioning herself astride my face. I squirm a bit, mostly from excitement, but she easily holds me in place with her thighs, encircling my head with her strong legs. Her hands seize fistfuls of my hair and hold on as if my hair was reins while she begins to thrust her hips against me. I open my mouth and gently lick between her lower lips, tasting her sweet nectar. All at once, Reska stops the slow process of sliding my erection into her in favor of suddenly impaling herself down its full length, squeezing it in her hot inner depths. I let out a wild scream of ecstasy, my tongue plunging into Arva, who begins thrusting her hips even faster.
