 The actors in this script are of legal age. This is a work of adult erotic fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy the story!

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

*

CUPID'S ALL

MIMI AND DRAKE

About two years have passed now since Brenda and Reggie opened the Armoire's and discovering The Spirits that have taken over their lives and many around them. Their business has grown considerably as has the involvements of those committed individuals and couples converted by The Spirits.

The new loving couples are all, by now, over enthusiastic and super committed to Reggie and Brenda, eager to do anything and everything they can for 'the cause'. They have had to be restrained in their enthusiasm by Reggie and Brenda, even by the Spirits at times. People playing 'Cupid' have a natural tendency to over do things. Following up on these leads is an almost daily task for Brenda and Reggie in addition to the couples they just trip over.

Linda comes to Brenda asking if she could help her friends the way they helped her and Brett. 

"We went searching for you and were intent on bringing the two of you into the company. We can't do that for everyone we help. We'll be glad to assist them in overcoming any conflicts or barriers they might have but we can't always help everyone." 

Linda takes Brenda to where her friends Mimi and Drake are hanging out. Mimi is a cute petite blonde true too her name and Drake looks like a Pirate Captain with dark hair and a beard. Talk about name defining!

They stay relatively hidden from their sight while Brenda does a "reading" of their situation. It's the usual situation with lack of real communication and understanding over what the other really wants. She does sense a very high level of intelligence in both that may be worth further pursuit as members of S & S. 

She tweaks them both just a little to see what might result. It's remarkable. They have a flash of passion for each other that sends them running to her place for sex. Clearly very loyal as well as loving.

"We should set it up with Reggie here too next time Linda."

"Can I come and watch?" 

"Sure, but you won't see anything."

The following day Brenda and Reggie meet Linda at the coffee house where they had been yesterday. They sit as far way as they can. 

"You guys can hear them?"

"Yes Linda." Reggie tells her.

They're engaged in much the same conversation as yesterday but they are clearly a bit more sexed up than Brenda remembers them being yesterday. Reggie puts a bit more of a 'male' tweak on Mimi than Brenda did yesterday and Brenda more of a 'female' tweak on Drake. They are both much more focused on each other. This is expected to keep them focused on their 'problem' Brenda and Reggie touch their curiosity for the other. 

"What do you really want from all this Drake?" Mimi asks with clear frustration.

"I want what you want." 

"That doesn't tell me shit Drake!!" and so the conversation goes round 'n round.

"Linda .. Invite them over to our place for a dinner party tomorrow night at 5. Bring Brett of course. We'll have Mary and Breaker over too." Linda asks her.

"I don't get to see them do it here in the coffee shop?"

"No. You'll get to help them do it at our place tomorrow night. Good enough for you?" Reggie says.

"Uh .. just like that?"

"Just like you and Brett!" Brenda says hugging her.

****

S & S growth has been greater than expected. Already with the redirection and new personnel inside S & S the company has grown laterally. That is in other areas related to the construction. Initially its own Development and Property Management divisions. This has more than doubled the size and income of the company overall. 

Growth and development of S&S with new divisions and interests clearly needs broader control. So new efforts have to be focused on its management and several positions need to be selected. 

From the beginning of this new turn in their lives Brenda and Reggie decided they would play a back stage roll in controlling things and focus on their real talents so all key positions were to be delegated and chosen except for Chairman of the Board. They would share that equally and quietly.

The individuals that have been chosen to date are all couples that have been 'touched'. Their commitments are irreproachable. Mary and Breaker have taken over the principal duties running the construction crews while Don, Linda and Brett are handling most of the scheduling, pricing and internal controls. The original office staff are still functioning in sales, job costing and the other more traditional roles.

They need a CEO for the whole operation.

****

Everyone shows at 5 for dinner. Drake and Mimi are clueless. Reggie and Brenda are totally wrapped in furs as are the others. Mimi is shaking with excitement from her previous tweaking and Drake is wide eyed and short of breath as Brenda hugs him in welcome. His hands are wanting to stay in the thick Arctic Fox Vest she's wearing. Instant boner. 

The ghosts are swarming but remain invisible and silent for now. Everyone else is well aware of them however.

Dinner is at the large Dining Room table and everyone is seated. Drake and Mimi have the strangest feelings they've ever had. A mixture of excitement, foreboding and mystery. 

Brenda is making sure they are both constantly with a full glass of wine. The others take turns helping. All is quite subtitle and casual. 

"What's this all about Linda?" Mimi whispers to Linda as her glass is being filled.

"Relax .. you two will have the time of your life tonight." Linda whispers back softly dragging her fur over Mimi's shoulder and cheek. They both get subtly fur fondled when their glasses are filled.

Mimi has this feeling of being in a spotlight by her reply but she struggles to be sociable and polite as she takes another sip of this extraordinary wine. She can sense Drake is uneasy yet excited, nervously drinking from his bottomless glass of wine. 

The general dinner conversation is deceptively casual and only marginally includes Mimi and Drake until desert and a big glass of vintage Port .. "So Mimi .. what is yours and Drake's agenda? I mean scholastically and professionally?" 

"Uh .. we're having some differences of opinion and a few conflicts over this right now. Mmm .. I'm not sure how to answer that." Mimi replies.

"Oh we weren't trying to pry or create problems for you. Sorry if we upset you." Reggie says with a covered smile.

"Actually you folks seem to be on top of things and we haven't had much success with the university counselors .. so what kind of advice could you folks give? I mean if we told you some things about us and what we have considered and some of our desires?" No sooner does Drake speak when he feels a rush he can't really describe but would feel like a fool if he said anything about it. Thing is Mimi feels the same rush. Everyone else knows of course the Spirits have gotten involved.

"Tell us what you feel Drake." Brenda says with a broad smile, stroking her fur. 

"Uh .. I think what Drake is getting at is our inability to agree on a plan."

"Mimi!! They don't want to hear about our conflicts!"

"That's exactly what we want to hear about." Reggie says so quietly they hardly hear him. The spirits hissing it out like sounds from an hallucination. Both Drake and Mimi are temporarily disoriented. 

"Oh ..uh .. we don't seem to be able to come to an agreement over anything right now." Mimi says sheepishly.

"Do you love each other?" Brenda asks and they respond instantly and in unison.

"YES!"

"So you do agree?" Brenda asks.

"Uh yeah! But that doesn't count. It's the important things like majors, profession and the like." 

The two are beginning to feel the wine taking effect in a significant way. They're quite drunk.

"Now you both have it all backwards if that's what you really think?" Reggie says.

"Huh?" Mimi says stunned.

"You've both confirmed the most important thing of your lives. Your commitment to each other." Brenda says. 

The Spirits have become more active and the pair have been squirming from the soft fondling and quite unawares 'till now. Mimi reaches for Drake to comfort herself. In their increasingly inebriated states they are gradually hearing the Spirits and not quite sure of the reality as they whisper to them about their love and passions for each other.

They find themselves surrounded by all the others and being fur fondled while they kiss each other quite oblivious to the others. The Spirits are in control.

"Mimi .. Drake .. we think you two should go lay down for a bit .. don't you think?" and to them it's as if their voices are slowing to a quarter speed and dropping in pitch. Mary guides them up the stairs to the Fur Room.

"Oh my!!" Mimi remarks as she falls into the furs. Drake is pulling off his clothes in his drunken stupor and muttering about "never seen so many furs in my life." He's beginning to see blurred and multiple images of Mimi but he dismisses it to his drunken state.

"Mimi ... uh yah wanta screw?" She grabs him by the wrist and jerks him into the furs.

"You're so subtle. Oh Drake!! " she moans with his deep thrust and penetration into her womb. They make love quite energetically with the Spirits driving their efforts beyond what they are use to doing with each other .. especially being so drunk. They both begin burning off the alcohol with their athletic loving.

"Mimi!!!" Drake screams with his insemination of Mimi. He sees her blurred image and sees other women in the slow motion imaging. "My god Mimi!! I'm screwing five of you at least!!"

"Oh Drake!! There are five of you!! What's happening to us?" and her words trail off in long pulsing echoes, disorienting them both which only goes to fuel Drakes excitement for some strange reason. Better than when they screwed stoned on grass recently. They finally pass out from exhaustion and sleep wrapped in the furs together.

Mimi awakes getting Drakes cock from behind, her butt squeezed between his thighs. It's her favorite way. Drake can screw her for hours like this. In the furs it's other-worldly! Her face smothered deep in the furs with her tits fondled in the softness with his wonderful cock plunging ever deeper into her. The furs alone are enough now to make her orgasm and Drake is wonderfully relentless pushing her breasts and face into the furs. 

"You feel something more now Drake?"

"Yeah .. not sure but it feels like ... someone is watching .. real close?"

"Uh hu .. you think they have cameras? think they like my tits?"

"Not sure about cameras but it's a lot more than that .. like someone in the room with us? weird like .. but not bad weird though."

"Not at all .. feels kind of good .. like my tits are getting fondled real gentle."

"Sun's up. We should get downstairs .. see what we got ourselves into? what kind of trouble we're in?"

After several hours of the most wonderful love making they have ever experienced they wander downstairs to the kitchen. Just Reggie and Brenda are there in their fur robes reading the paper.

"Hi kids." Brenda says with a big smile. "Sleep well?" 

"Uhhh yeah." Drake feigns, startled when he realizes he's truly seeing ghosts .. a bunch of them .. faintly .. sitting around like it's all a very normal gathering. "You know you folks have ghosts? I don't think I'm still drunk!" 

"Did they bother you last night?" Reggie asks.

"No ... not at all. I think they joined in with us when we were making love?"

"They do that all the time. Was that disconcerting to you?" Brenda asks.

"At first I thought it was part of being drunk and we certainly were much more motivated than when we have made love drunk in the past. Better than normal in fact." Drake says.

"Is this something you find uncomfortable Mimi?" Brenda asks.

"No no not at all. It's really nice. We'd like to experience it more."

"Did you learn anything last night?" Reggie asks.

"What you said. Loving each other is the most important thing to us."

"Life has away of working out in ways we never expect. Why don't you two think about how you would like to try and figure out what to do and come back here for dinner next Friday?" Brenda says and it's agreed.

KIRA

One individual Reggie sees while driving totally captivates him. It's with great skill and daring that he manages to get the necessary information about her to find her under less 'dynamic' circumstances. It all happens in the middle of freeway traffic. Even in such a chaotic situation he can sense her overwhelming sorrow and loneliness. A kind of "darkness" surrounding her like a joy shield. 

If he weren't so totally in love wit Brenda he could easily fall in love with her.

Kira is a gloriously beautiful woman with her large bun of thick soft wavy blonde hair, long graceful neck and delicate features. Even her Trotsky wire rimmed glasses seem to enhance her beauty, perfection and elegance. Her intelligence projects as strongly as her beauty.

He finds her holding down a Librarians position in the City's Main Library. Not menial by any means and she is very good at it. She's just so much more capable and talented in so many other ways. She goes about her day in an almost aimless manner. She's so terribly lonely and unhappy.

Kira is tall and so regal that she has those around her in awe of her presence yet she's totally unaware of this and so unhappy. She now knows with her near tragic recent relationship to accept nothing but the best for herself.

Brenda and Reggie need to 'invite' her into the group and Kira needs a man, the very 'right' man. 

She should be the new CEO and thus starts their real Cupid's search for Kira.

****

Drake and Mimi are half hour early on Friday and were fortunate Brenda happened to come home early. 

"We could hardly wait to talk about our problem with you and Reggie." Drake says eagerly.

"I'm sure you two want to do more than talk ... right?" The spirits swarming around them very energetically.

"Yeah .. we know the Spirits are with us now and it feels so nice and comforting. It seems our problems are almost secondary." Mimi confesses with her eagerness to make love in the furs palpable.

"Why don't you two go up and make love while Reggie and I make dinner?" They bolt upstairs without a word and are very quickly moaning and sighing which can clearly be heard without assistance.

Reggie and Brenda make love themselves for an hour or so while things are cooking. The energy generated by the young lovers in the house is just too exciting to pass up.

The aroma of the food soon has them all coming into the dinning room. All four are simply wrapped in opulent furs around their nude bodies. Drake and Mimi seem to be very comfortable with this. Mimi is totally gorgeous wrapped in a blonde Sable with her curly blonde hair bouncing around and her small tits slipping in and out through the fur. Drake fondles them with the Sable quite casually and in full view.

"Your furs are unbelievable to make love in and just to feel against my skin." Mimi says while she's absentmindedly stroking Drake's cock with the Arctic Fox cape he's wearing.

They are already sitting and passing food. Plenty of wine but only a bottle will be drunk tonight for the four.

"We just don't have a clue. We each have such a wide range of interests that it's difficult to focus on just one or two areas." Mimi says.

"Here's the deal. Brenda opens ... You two are welcome here to make out in the furs on a prearranged schedule and we will cover your college expenses in exchange for an agreement to work for a period at S &S."

They quickly cling to each other in total joy with big smiles on their faces, then kiss passionately fur fondling each other frenetically. Obviously it's a deal. The Spirits are whirling around moaning in unison as they caress and fondle obviously pleased.

"We're all glad that's settled. You can figure out WHAT you want to do as you go through your course work. It may not be anything you could conceive of right now." 

After cleaning up Mimi and Drake go upstairs and are instantly making love which they do the whole week-end. Brenda and Reggie make love more than normal with the supercharged atmosphere generated by the young couple.

OTHER SPIRITS

The following week Brenda's attention is spent getting to know Kira directly and indirectly. She's engaged in research at the Library enlisting Kira's help. She discovers she likes her as much as Reggie. One woman she could easily be lovers with. She senses Kira's reciprocal feelings like a spiritual pleading. She's also overwhelmingly attracted to Brenda's furs. Her breath involuntarily quickens and she struggles to keep her hands off them.

Brenda is sensing the darkness around Kira is palpable and has substance. Like it's trying to smother Kira. She also realizes her Spirits are coming to her aid. When Reggie shows up at the Library to see Brenda in action with Kira he too senses this malevolence surrounding her. 

This is a new experience for Brenda and Reggie. He's sitting in a more distant part of the Library and Brenda comes over to him. They sit unobserved by Kira and see the darkness more clearly around her. Their Spirits commune with them. 

The Spirits make them aware that these other malevolent Spirits are their counterparts, causing pain and grief for others and it will take extra efforts to dispel them.

While at lunch near the Library they encounter a young man, the Lunch Deli owner, who is certainly the brightest and cheeriest person they have met in some time. 

They sense the same attraction to their furs from him as Kira has. He's over to them asking if there is anything he can do to help and if the food is to their liking. 

"Hi, I'm Greg and I'd like to make sure your lunch is all you could desire." They assure him everything is excellent. Brenda and Reggie will be back.

Brenda spends the next few days focusing on befriending Kira and struggling with the dark spirits around Kira. She is making some headway mainly by encouraging her to touch her furs. This all coming to an 'understanding' while searching with her in the lower level stacks one quiet afternoon.

While reaching for a book next to Brenda she brushes Brenda's furs quite deliberately in a final surrender to her desires. Brenda pulls her hands to her furs and runs them through the thick softness of the Arctic Fox.

"You love those sensations don't you Kira?" Kira is breathing very heavy and shaking slightly. Brenda wraps her arms around her.

"Now I'm no lesbian but it's clear you have an attraction to my furs and to me, more as friend. Am I not correct." Still holding her quite willing body deeper yet in the Fox. Kira's hands are running all through the fur in a frenzy of sensory hunger. 

"Oh my yes!! I've been ever so eager to feel the softness." as Brenda holds and fur fondles her even more.

"I'll bet you would like to be wallowing in furs with a man making mad and passionate love as well?" and with that Kira squeals softly having a small orgasmic surge with just the thought wrapped in Brenda's fur.

"Oh how I would love that!"

"Tomorrow my husband will meet us here. We can go to lunch and discuss this. Not sex with my husband of course but your very own man." Brenda kisses her on the cheek and slips out of her coat, wrapping Kira in the Fox. "You need to get use to this for tomorrow." Kira is magnificent wrapped in the thick Fox, her long blonde hair flowing through its softness.
