 First of all I want to thank all of you who have read this series and sent me all the nice comments and votes! Hope you will enjoy the next chapters as well, and please continue sending me suggestions on how to improve my writings. 

A special thanks goes to my editor Smy3th for providing such useful suggestions and corrections on the text. Thank you so much for all your patience when dealing with my countless mistakes when deciphering the English language. If not for you, these chapters would still be filled with errors.

***************

The next morning, Connor awoke suddenly to someone knocking on the door. Teri was snuggled close along his body with one arm across his chest. She slept on quietly, and he carefully removed her arm before slowly getting off the bed. He put on a robe and opened it to see an exasperated Morgan standing there waiting.

"Sorry, to disturb you, Governor, but the rebels have been at it again."

"I'll be right with you," Connor said and quickly put on some clothes.

As they ran down the stairs, Morgan chuckled. "Any problems with your mate? You look dead tired."

"Don't even ask," Connor replied. "But I've found a way to handle her."

"Oh? What way? Fuck her brainless?"

"Something like that," Connor replied smugly. "It's hard work, but someone has to do it."

Morgan just laughed.

"Just wait till you get your own mate. Then you'll be the one who is tired," Connor added.

That stopped the laughter as Morgan contemplated which woman could suit his needs. 

"Nah, that one doesn't exist," he answered. "I'll just have to stick with sharing myself around. Seems like much less trouble, if you ask me."

***

The rebels had attacked a few houses during the night. The inhabitants were chased away and the houses and crops had been burned down. Some of the inhabitants had reported to the guards, and groups of armed men were already out looking for the culprits. They had not found them yet, and none of the scared citizens had been able to identify the criminals, as they had worn scarves around their faces. This meant they could just as easily have come from the village itself as from the forest, Connor concluded. Which meant finding them would be even more difficult. 

"I want you to start looking for them right away," Connor ordered Morgan. "Try the infra-red sensors on the woods and see if you can pick up any trace of them." He turned to the brigade general. 

"And I want your men to search through the village. Don't venture out into the woods. They would be an easy target there. Try to question the villagers again about seeing anything suspicious. Some of them must have seen something." 

He continued to make sure the towns defenses were strong enough to withstand an attack should the culprits become strong enough to try. He increased the number of guards on all gates and ordered all personnel on high alert. 

"The culprits would be dealt with and most firmly," he decided. He sent out messages offering a reward for any tips that led to the arrest of the criminals. Hopefully, that would solve the problem, he thought, as he continued to gather information about the rebels. 

***

Teri awoke slowly and stretched her aching muscles. Moving her legs she felt some wetness between her thighs. She blushed when remembering how she had gotten this wet and how she had probably screamed the house down at that last orgasm. Then suddenly she was wide awake. He had come inside of her again. Oh no. And she did not have any pills with her. She groaned when realising how many times he had squirted his semen inside of her oh-so-willing body. She groaned aloud. 

How could she be so stupid? She was not an insecure teenager who didn't know what the lack of contraception could mean. In fact she was quite old enough to know better and still she let that man put his seed into her. If she was not pregnant already, she would probably become so and quickly by this pace. She had to find a solution to this problem. She had no intention of having a child with a man she planned to leave as soon as possible. He was still her kidnapper after all, no matter how good he was at fucking. 

It was only fucking, after all. No feelings involved – so far. At least her feelings were not involved and it had better stay that way. In fact, it might be smart to get away from him as fast as possible, before she managed to come up with some feelings for the jerk. What a mess. She got up and ran to the bathroom and the shower. Trying to wash off all the cream from her legs and cunt. 

She aimed the shower straight at her cunt in order to remove all reminders of last night's orgasms. The spray also hit her clit and she moaned by the pleasure surging through her body. She was getting aroused again, and now from simply taking a shower. She must be deranged, she told herself. She had turned into a sex maniac since meeting that jerk of a man. 

Well, it was either to take care of business or go around frustrated all day. The decision was easy, and she turned the water spray higher and aimed it at her clit again. The spray was warm and she felt her breathing increase its pace and she stretched her body to the water spraying on to her body. She moved her other hand across her breasts and stroked them firmly, feeling her nipples tightening and waiting to be tugged. 

She played with her nipples, and moved the spray around her clit, so the warm feeling would spread even more. She dipped it downwards a bit and it hit directly at her cunt. The familiar warmth was spreading though her body and her breathing became heavier. She closed her eyes and imagined Connor rubbing his hard body against hers, holding her tightly while pushing his large cock into her aching pussy. 

She moaned at the pleasure the image provided. Impatient to reach her orgasm, she moved her finger down to her clit and rubbed it hard and fast until she gasped out her pleasure. She swallowed the scream that wanted to escape her lips and groaned into the wall instead. Breathing hard as she tried to remain standing under the warm spray of water she recollected the way Connor had held her tightly against his body as they fell asleep last night. She had felt so protected, so secure in the arms of that large male body. She shook her head. 

The man was excellent masturbation material but nothing else. She had no intention on staying on in this Star Wars movie. It was simply too unreal to be true. So unreal she thought she would wake up back home in her own bed any minute. She reached out her hands and held herself up as she placed her entire body underneath the warm spray of water. She was breathing hard and it took a few moments before she could collect herself enough to wash the rest of her body. Her skin was so sensitive it tingled every time she touched herself.

As she emerged from the shower she felt ready to solve the dilemma troubling her mind. Getting back to earth and her old life was still on her agenda, but first things first, she concluded. Maybe she should also find Connor some tablets for inducing impotence, but decided she liked his lovemaking so why not enjoy him while she could? She just didn't want some unexpected surprises 9 months down the road. Besides, he would probably kill her if she tried anything like that. Still, there were other males around to try that on. Who knew when she would have the need of something like that? If it existed at all. Well, this was an advanced society, wasn't it?

***

After asking the house keeper she was heading toward the cottage of the local healer. A woman, like herself. She hoped that would help her cause. The old woman had presented herself as Loanna and now looked thoughtfully at her after she had expressed her first wish.

"You want to prevent pregnancy?" the old woman croaked suspiciously. "What for?" It was obviously unheard of in this society, Teri supposed. "He's your mate, isn't he?"

"I'm not convinced about that," Teri replied. "Besides, I don't love him. Not yet, at least. And I want to be sure before I conceive his child." 

The woman just stared thoughtfully at her for a few minutes. Teri tried to act the eager but blushing bride. Somehow she must have convinced the old woman because she was given some herbs that would help her cause. Trying her luck she also asked for some herbs that would cause impotence. Now the woman was really shocked by her question. 

"You really don't like your mate, do you?" the woman asked. 

"It's not for him," Teri replied. "I want it for someone else. Someone who is harassing me." 

"And who is this?" she woman asked suspiciously.

"Enemies of my mate," Teri lied easily. 

"Yes, these are dangerous times," the woman nodded, and gave her the herbs, somewhat reluctantly. "Be careful now, my dear," the woman said when Teri was leaving. "Do not mix the herbs. Your mate might not be so happy about that, and just remember that a woman is her mate's property, and he can punish her without anybody's intervention."

Teri nodded. She had heard that tale before. And this society was supposed to be advanced, she thought ironically. Not when it came to women's rights.

She went to their room. Connor was still away. She hid the impotence-herbs in her jacket and prepared some of the other herbs. Now, she would very soon be safe from pregnancy. Connor would not be pleased with knowing she presided over her own body – he obviously presided over everything else. But he would never have to know about this, she told herself as she quickly prepared some water and threw a couple of leaves into it as the healer had instructed her to. The tea had a flowery scent to it, and it tasted even better. She drank it all, before lying on the bed to rest and to ponder her next strategy in her 'war' against Connor.

***

"My lord," the house keeper yelled loudly. Connor was not quite used to his new title yet, and slowly turned to see who she wanted to see. "My lord. Please, come quickly," the housekeeper gasped out.

"What is it?" he wondered. She looked worried and he suddenly dreaded the news.

"Your mate, my lord. She's seriously ill. Please, come quickly. She's in your bedroom."

"Send for the healer! And hurry!" Connor ordered the guards as he ran past the housekeeper and through the house. All sorts of horrific images were displayed in his head as he felt the cold dread spreading through his body. She had been fine when he left her this morning. 

What could have happened? He ran faster as he got nearer to his bedroom. He burst through the door to their room, the door slamming into the wall. Frantically he scanned the room for a sign of her, and finally he found her lying on the bed. He walked over, worried over what sight would greet him. She was lying on her back and groaning aloud. She had thrown off her clothes and was lying completely naked. Then she finally seemed to notice him. 

"So warm. Need water," she croaked out.

He poured some water into a glass and held it to her mouth while he lifted her head. She gulped it down quickly as if she had thirsted for days. He noticed she was naked and he tugged the blanket closer around her body. She kicked it off straight away.

"Warm," she complained. "So warm." 

He put his hand on her forehead. She was burning with sweat and moaning all the time. Perhaps she had a cold? But he did not recognise any of the other signs of that disease, so what could be wrong with her? He was growing more concerned and waited impatiently for his men to collect the healer. 

Finally she arrived. "Ah," she said. "So, she didn't take my advice after all. Well, she did seem to be of the stubborn type." 

"What advice, Loanna?" Connor asked suspiciously.

"The one about obeying one's mate."

"You mean you caused this?" Connor asked her angrily.

"Well, don't worry, my lord. It's just an aphrodisiac I gave her. It will pass in a few hours." 

"An aphrodisiac? What for?"

"I didn't want to give her what she asked for, so I decided she would be better off this way. She needs to realise she can trust her mate." 

"And what did she ask for?" Connor asked barely controlling his voice.

"Something to prevent pregnancy."

"What? And you complied?" he practically yelled at her. All civility having temporarily left him as he stared angrily at the older woman he had always thought he knew so well. Especially considering her being one of his late mother's best friends.

"No, this aphrodisiac is quite strong and will induce her to require to be fucked. She will be willing, and you can use your anger to fuck her instead. The drug will only last a few hours, and there are no after-effects. So, I suggest you use the time to your advantage, my lord," she said smilingly before walking out of the room.

Connor stared heatedly at his mate. She deserved to be left alone in her agony and maybe then she would see the errors of her ways. He doubted that would help. Opening the door, he shouted that no one was allowed to interrupt for the next hours and then locked the door promptly. 

Teri writhed on the bed and moaned loudly. 

"Am I dying?" she asked him.

"No, not yet," he replied glumly. "And I have the antidote," he continued as he undressed before her.

"Antidote? Yes, please," she gasped as another rippling wave surged through her body. Her cunt was aching so hard she could not bear to touch herself there. Now the rest of her skin felt as if she was burning alive. She was in agony. "So, where is it?" she asked impatiently.

"Patience, I will give it to you very soon. Later, I will paddle your ass so hard you will not be able to walk for days. Maybe that will help," he almost snarled at her.

"You maniac," she yelled at him. "I need an antidote. Not your threats about fucking or spanking me."

"Well, that's the antidote," he said smugly. Finally coming to terms with the way things had ended up. He would relieve both their sufferings and she would become more and attached to him every time she orgasmed for him. But the best part would be her begging him to take her. And he would comply. Doing the gentlemanly thing of relieving her agonies.

"What?"

"You drank an aphrodisiac," he said. "So, now you'll either ache for a few hours or I can relieve the pain by giving you orgasms. It's your choice." He stood naked in front of the bed now. His cock as erect as always and his expression one of smug contentment. Teri just hated the idea of begging him to help her. She thought about turning him away. She could get through this on her own. She just had to conquer the pain. Or ignore it. It should not be that difficult. She had lasted for at least an hour already. The effect had to fade away soon. 

She turned away from him. Then she felt the rippling start again. From her toes and up along her body. She moaned as the pain engulfed her once again – heavier this time. He reached out to her and touched her shoulder. His hands felt cold against her skin and it felt so good. The pain gradually increased and she screamed from the pain settling in her pussy.

"Do you want any help? You just have to ask, you know. Just remember to put in the magic word as well," Connor said ironically.

"Magic word?" Teri asked between some painful ripples. "What magic word?"

"The word Please. Now, are you ready to say it?"

"No way," Teri said through clenched teeth's. No way she was going to let the smug fellow have some more fun at her expense. She would rather endure some pain, then stiffened completely as another wave passed through her body. Giving birth could never be this painful, she thought suddenly. And she had no intention of trying that either. But the painkillers would have been nice, she thought. 

Then every thought evaporated as another painful wave went through her body. She moaned and felt her cunt moisten even more, preparing itself to be filled by a large cock. She felt herself shivering at the thought. She closed her eyes so as not to admire his erect cock right in front of her. She needed him badly. Needed him to fill her up and remove this terrible pain. She closed her eyes to the tempting sight, while trying to conquer the pain gradually increasing again. Her entire body ached to be touched. Still with her eyes closed she could recall every details of his engorged member. She moaned. 

Connor sat down on the bed and started moving his hands over her entire body now. His touch relaxed her somewhat, but the rippling was soon increasing in strength again. How long would this last? she wondered. Then screamed as another painful wave went through her body. It was getting worse, she thought. She could not bear this any longer. Her mind was blank to anything else than how to relieve this aching. She grabbed his hand and placed it on her chest, trying to make him touch her aching skin.

"Please. Help me," she begged Connor, barely getting the words out. 

"As you wish," he replied. Satisfied with the request and intent on giving her no more chances to do something as stupid as this. He moved his hand toward her clit and rubbed slowly across the fold a few times. She screamed again as the orgasm roamed through her body and slightly relieved the pain at the same time. She gasped quietly as her orgasm still lingered through her system. Her body was finally a lot calmer.

"Just relax," Connor advised her as he lay down beside her. "It will soon start again, and you need to retain some of your strength."

"Again?" she gasped. "No way. It simply can't. I can't bear it." But as she said it she still felt the rippling start again, moving through her body. "This can't be happening?" she croaked uncomprehendingly.

Connor just chuckled as he slowly moved his hand along her skin from her belly and up between her breasts, circling around them but not touching her nipples, before roaming further up to her throat. "A fitting punishment I think. The old woman was very clever, and I will definitely reward her for this," he said while continuing to stroke her carefully and slowly as she arched her back and moaned for his touch at the right places. He did not comply. 

He just continued getting to know every centimetre of her skin, as he suddenly bent down and started kissing his way from her throat down to her stomach. She practically screamed for him to suckle her breasts. Instead she rolled her body toward him and tried to present herself to him. Still, he kept on the slow descent kissing her stomach before pushing his tongue into her navel. 

"Not there," she groaned frustratingly, while gripping his face between her hands and trying to shove him downwards. Instead he moved the other way and sucked her right nipple into his mouth and sucked greedily. She screamed as the heat streamed through her body. She was so desperate for him to take her she scratched her nails along his skin. Finally he complied by climbing on top of her and plunging his cock inside of her cunt in one quick stroke.

"Oh God," she groaned. 

"Better, darling?" Connor asked smugly, before continuing to move slowly away from her before pushing inside of her once more. All the way inside, he withdrew a bit before plunging all the way inside of her again. She gasped loudly, before having another orgasm. Connor remained inside of her body. The effect of the drug would go on for hours and he would have to retain his strength. The idea of asking someone else to help fuck her was out of the question, and he would not let her suffer, no matter how much she deserved some pain for her stupidity.

He continued moving slowly in and out of her body. She was more relaxed now but still her skin felt too warm. He bent down and kissed her mouth. She opened her eyes and stared dazedly at him. He pushed into her cunt and she groaned with the feeling of his thick cock filling her womb. She arched her back and presented her body to him. He accepted the invitation and bent his head to suck her nipples. She moaned more loudly as he sucked her, her muscles contracting around his cock every time he enveloped her nipples with his mouth. He raised his upper body again and withdrew from her cunt. She whimpered and felt the ripples starting again.
