 Alex wasn't young; but the ad didn't say they wanted young men. He was pretty healthy; not 'two hours in the gym every day' healthy; but he did some jogging, curls and stuff with ten pound weights, swimming. Sexually active. Well, he had been. His sales job kept him on the move; but he had no trouble finding 'progressive' women who liked some friendly talk, maybe a show, some good chew, and an enthusiastic roll in the hay. Was he a sexual acrobat? Not really. But he liked to please the lady; quietly find out what rang her chimes and then get out the clapper. Plenty of leisure time on the back of the neck, the ears; back rubs, tummy rubs, teasing nipples eager to be engulfed in a hot mouth.

That was pretty much over. A quirky thing. A minor auto accident where his Cabriolet was rear-ended creating some back pain ... and impotence. Well, not full-time impotence, but often enough so that he couldn't count on his pecker to be there for the big finish; even if he got himself, and the lady receiving his thoughtful windup, all hot and bothered. Mr. Pecker went awol.

Viagra and Cialis somehow didn't do the trick. They gave him headaches, made his heart race, heated him up until he was red-faced and dripping sweat, and then only sometimes grew the wood he needed to help his somewhat alarmed partner get off. He had had a regular lady who was very 'understanding'; but his frustrations made her frustrated, then angry, then distant, then gone. A long patch of celibacy.

Then he saw the ad.

"Wanted, men between the ages of 37 and 62 with a history of sexual dysfunction. No history of acute or chronic disease. HIV negative. No STDs. Willing to be thoroughly tested. To engage in a study to test an experimental substance that can enhance sexual function. Willing to tolerate possibly unusual side effects. Small honorarium."

He expected some sort of white, glaring laboratory smelling of alcohol and medicine, but the place was actually an attractive brick structure with a white, Greek facade on the edge of a suburban university campus. He assumed that there were many other men in the study, but he never saw any of them on the days they did his physical and stuff. They were very thorough. On the day he was assigned to actually test the product a BMW was leaving the parking lot as he arrived, but it sped away and he didn't get a good look at the occupant.

He was greeted by a prim young woman with a clipboard, a professional manner, and a warm smile. She introduced herself as Dr. Smith. That was all. 

"Is that a pseudonym?"

She smiled again, showing impressive dimples.

"That's not important." 

Back to business. She detailed her credentials. Prestigious college; medical school, post doc. Simultaneous PhD. Articles published, if he had any doubts about the authenticity of the study. He demurred. Then she described the experiment.

"Our substance, which can be applied like a nicotine patch, has proven in 96 percent of cases to create an erection within ten minutes. However, in our Phase One trials we discovered that it had three side effects. One we expected: erection can last indefinitely. So we have created an "antidote" that can be applied quickly that immediately reduces turgor. 

"And the other two?"

He saw her suppress a grin.

"What?"

"Oh, it's just that some of the techs call this feature the "Size Matters" feature. You see, our substance allows the subject; that's you; or his partner to, how do I say, adjust the size of the organ to, how do I say, fit the partner."

"You're saying I can make my dick bigger or smaller ...at will?"

"Yes, that's right. You, or he or she... It is 'she' with you ...?"

She peeked at the clipboard.

"She."

"Yes, usually it seems to be she who ... adjusts it ... by simply pressing firmly on the perineum, commonly called the 'taint,' to expand, or squeeze firmly at the base to reduce it. That latter is a little tricky, since enthusiastic manual stimulation can trigger a reduction.

The other effect seems to be that, as long as the subject is well-hydrated ..."

"Well-hydrated ...?"

"Drinking fluids; water, juices, not alcohol, he is capable of repeated ejaculations; without most of the sperm content, but not significantly reduced in volume, in fact, ..."

"Yes?"

"Well, every subject is a bit different. We will have to see with you. That, indeed is one of the objectives of this experiment."

"And the others ...?"

"Well, we know that the product works; we just don't know how long it works. Before today we always issued the antidote after one or two successful ejaculations. And most of those were measured in sessions using auto-stimulation ..."

"Excuse me?"

"Masturbation. But those were sometimes skewed by the subject either trying to increase penile size to a dangerous level for ego gratification, or accidentally reducing it to minimum ..."

"So if, while 'under the influence' I squeeze it, it doesn't just go limp?"

"No, apparently not. That's why we have the antidote. But, as I was saying, we would like to test the real benefit of this ability to adjust size, and that is ... pleasing the partner."

"So I am not just getting this stuff and then beating off as many times as I would like, or perhaps as many as you would like ..."

Dr. Smith kept her eyes on her clipboard, but Alex swore he saw a slight blush rise in her cheeks and there was a just a touch of squirming within that demure grey straight skirt. 

"But 'you' I mean you and your experimental staff, of course." 

She nodded quickly.

"Of course."

"So how does this work? Do I take the stuff home to use with my 'significant other' (not that there is one at the moment) and keep a journal of what we do? Would she fill out a questionnaire, or ...?

"Perhaps in a later phase with carefully controlled married couples, although I imagine we would still bring them in here for a little "vacation". No, for this study we need a very controlled environment and experimental subjects. So we have chosen your partners carefully to provide a variety of physical types, ethnicities, ages, levels of "enthusiasm".

"Wait, so I won't just be with one 'surrogate'. There are more than ... how many?

"Well, that depends ... on you, and on them. So, first, do you have any objection to this scenario, or to women of various appearance and desires, for want of a better word?

"No, I don't think so. I haven't really ... well, there was that party after the game where four of the cheerleaders ... but I pretty much ended up with Andee Dufresne. So, is there multiple ...?"

"Not multiple partners at one time, no. We don't need you to please several women at once. No, they will be introduced serially when they have achieved the results they want and as long as your ... is still capable."

"Hang on. A couple of things; you said you said 'achieved the results they want'. So this experiment isn't just about me, is that right?"

"Very perceptive. Now, we could have kept you in the dark about this, but we decided it served no purpose. Yes, the women, too, are experimental subjects. But in their case it is to test ..."

"Lady Viagra?"

"No, rather their natural capabilities given an optimum situation. You look puzzled. Well, first we want to know "if size matters". So they will be encouraged to adjust your penis to the optimum for them. Will they all want you as large as possible? Perhaps. Perhaps not. Also, many women have had partners who did not remain 'capable' for more than a few minutes. Will this new therapy enhance their capability and pleasure, or is 'duration' not important? And then we are tallying whether different women of different types prefer specific 'strokes' to use an old slang term. Oh, you had another question ..."

"Yeah. All this 'experimentation' sounds like it could rough up the, uh, my ... pecker pretty good. Wouldn't that kind of spoil the whole business..."

"Yes, of course. Well, first you are free to stop at any stage, even after one partner, yet we hope you won't, unless that first partner can continue with you to the very end. We also have another product in the mix. It doesn't have a name yet, but it is a bit like Tuff Skin, except it is design to prevent chafing while keeping you sufficiently sensitized. "

"Might that not take away the fun a bit? I need to be able to ..."

"Not to worry. Franky, we don't need you to be 'turned on' every second. Any more questions? Good. So here are your documents. Sign, here, here and here. And I am required to point out that this is an experimental product and might result in permanent injury or even death if used inappropriately."

"And has that happened?"

"Not with human subjects and we have learned how to control the dose so we are pretty confident it never will."

She led him to a comfortable room that could have been the bedroom in any upscale hotel: black ebony bed and side chair; a small desk in the same material, a few news and sports magazines. A full bar with a wide variety of iced beverages, coffee and tea and plenty of water. Where there might have been windows there were mirrors of dark glass. Tiny cameras, looking more like track lights were mounted in judicious places.

"Are you going to wire me all up? I don't see any scientific equipment, anything hissing or buzzing."

"No. In a moment I will ask you to go into the adjacent bathroom, disrobe and shower thoroughly. This is a very special shower. It doesn't wash you off exactly. It lightly coats your skin with a brew that will keep it healthy and free of unpleasant odor. Put on the robe you will find there. There is also a light weight mask. You may wear it if you wish. Many of your partners may also have chosen to wear a mask.

"Now we don't expect you to romance these women. They know this is about sexual activity and they have been well briefed. But the basic ground rules are that you encourage your partner to choose the activity. They have all been encouraged to say what they want or need. That is part of the experiment. Please encourage them. If she is cheering for you to be the beast, go right ahead. But please be aware that this is a marathon, not a sprint. Conserve your energy if you can. After your shower I will apply these patches that monitor your body. They can be read wirelessly. This tiny camera couples as a belly button jewel and will give us a good view of your penis in all its stages."

Alex took a little longer in the bathroom than perhaps they wanted him to. After all; he had never thought of himself as a player, a cocksmith, no Hugh Hefner. If this drug didn't work as advertised ...

He came out in his robe, feeling a bit shy. Dr. Smith was all business. She examined his body for any signs of infection and quickly applied the patches, the final one being the erection drug at the base of his spine.

"Once the drug kicks in you will have a full, firm erection. Please don't pump it up. Reduce it to normal size before each new partner. The robe will disguise it nicely. You can sit in the chair if that reduces embarrassment. Each woman will introduce herself with a name she has chosen. You can chat a bit, but proceed to the experiment."

His cock had quickly and quietly risen to full staff without stroking. 

"I need to look." 

He stood while Dr. Smith sat in the chair. She measured him, both length and girth and took a picture against a calibrated card. She wrote 'curved' on her clipboard with a big question mark.

"Is there a problem?" Alex asked, concerned.

"No, no, it's just that a pronounced curve like this skews the results a little. Some women may like this, others not so much, and it can effect sensation."

He realized that the good doctor was lightly holding and examining his penis perhaps a little too long. It was very quick, but he could have sworn she gave it a little pat as she stood.

"Thank you for volunteering. Your first partner, Jane, will be in momentarily. Remember, follow her lead."

Alex wrapped his robe around his member, already beginning to throb a bit, poured

himself a big glass of apple juice and sipped it quietly, feeling a bit nervous.

JANE

After a few moments of skimming Sports Illustrated there was a very light knock on the door. Jane was clothed only in a robe similar to his own and bare feet. He decided she must have chosen her name as a bad joke on herself. She was distinctly plain, with mousey brown hair that hung straight on either side of her face, a pale complexion and deep sad dark eyes. But when she smiled he felt this was the kind of person who could be a friend for life.

"Jane."

"Alex."

"I have lots of questions but I won't ask any of them." She murmured, looking at the floor.

"Would you like some juice?"

"May I? Just a little. Cranberry. Prevents UTIs. Ooh, TMI, that's so me. Sorry."

"Not at all. Honesty's good at a weird time like this. And you need to feel free to tell me what you want, right? Those are the ground rules, as I understand it."

"Yup, OK. Only I never ever figured I would be in a situation where I was, like the john, and the guy was like ... oh I'm sorry. Foot in mouth disease. Again."

"Nevermind. Really doesn't matter. And you just pinpointed why I was feeling strange. This is good education. I have never had the, the 'privilege', no, the 'opportunity' to feel like a hooker. Maybe if this wasn't the kind of experiment it is, I would be a little wilted. So. What can I do you for?"

"Well, here's the funny thing about me. I get off, I mean actually get off from giving blow jobs. But I hate to miss out on seeing if I can scratch this itch I've got with a guy. Hasn't happened before. I always need my dildo in just the place I want it. So if I have to choose ..."

"I don't think you do. It's a matter of which you want first."

"Really?"

"Yep. I think that's how this 'product' works."

"So, ... maybe BJ first. Do you need to put on a condom?"

"I don't think so. They made me get a dozen kinds of tests. You?"

"Same."

"So, on the bed, or here, or on the rug or against the wall?"

"I like the way you think, but right here is fine. Hand me that pillow for my knees. Great. Are you comfortable? OK, let's see what you got." 

Alex opened the robe with a tiny flourish and his dick danced comically for a bit.

"Nice. Curvy. Trimmed. I prefer them without the hood. Not too big. Oh, sorry."

"It could be if you want it that way, as I understand it. Some pressure under my sack there."

"That's OK. I want to swallow this, not choke on it too much."

"Some?"

"Actually. There's this spot right back here ..."

She opened her mouth wide and touched a fingertip to the top of the back of her throat. She gagged a little and her eyes watered, but her nostrils flared.

"... just above the dangly little thing. Right there. And then, just at the exact moment a little back of there and I'm done. And don't you dare pull it out. OK, I can't wait. Let's go. This isn't going to be fancy."

She took his cock in her hand and licked his knob all over. He tightened his butt so as not to let go too soon. Then she started sucking. Not mouthing it, but sucking it in a little way and then pulling it out between her tight lips. Each suck a little deeper. And a funny thing happened as she was sucking. Her face got more and more pink, her eyelashes damp with tears of pleasure, her lips swollen around his member, her nostrils flaring, her hair floating around her ecstatic face.

She was beautiful Sincerely, truly beautiful, the essence of woman.

Alex was getting close to spilling in a way he hadn't for a long time. He felt his dick bounce against the back of her throat.

"Mmnn! "She moaned, pulling him almost all the way out and then sucking him all the way to the back again.

"Mmnn! mmnn! mmnn!"

Each time she opened her throat a little wider and the juices swirled off his rod and down her throat. Now she was looking up at him through begging puppy eyes. Her hips were grinding into the pillow. One of her hands was invisible.

She was nodding her head, now, begging with her hollow cheeks.

"Uh huh, mmhm, uh huh, mmhm, uh huh, mmhm!"

Her chin was dripping and her eyes were up in her head and there was no reason for him to hold back any longer, if the advertising about this stuff was true.

"Aahrgh!!" he groaned and the stuff poured out of him. Jane had her eyes and nose as wide open as she could get and was gulping again and again. But she kept him there deep in her throat until almost the last drop was gone, and then she sucked firmly and almost painfully on his member and pressed it with her tongue until the final droplets were swallowed.

Alex almost couldn't see; but Jane had a huge smile as she licked her Julia Roberts teeth.

"Thank you. That's just what the doctor ordered."

Truer words were never spoken.

Alex's happy dick should have been limp as a noodle. It wasn't. It stood up as boldly as when they started. He tugged his robe over it as he drank deep, poured some more and drank deep again. Jane was enjoying her cranberry juice.

"Is that apple juice you are drinking?"

Alex nodded, deep in his drink.

"Yeah, you want some?"

Jane shook her head.

"That's OK. I just had some."

Alex scratched his head.

"That's funny."

"No really. Your stuff tastes like apple juice. If I wasn't ready to zone out I'd want to sample some more."

"So you want to wait a bit before you try the other thing?"

"What a shame. I would love to have you scratch that other itch, but it doesn't itch any more. I just want to curl up on the bed over there and catch forty. But, boo hoo, they told me if I was satisfied I had to go. They have another bed and then they want to talk to me. So. I gotta go."

Languidly, she got up. With an impish grin that flashed those beautiful teeth again she opened her robe and flashed the rest of her. Everything in the right place. Nipples still tight from her oral orgasm. She wrapped up again and came over to give Alex a sweet kiss. It tasted like apple juice and cranberry juice and her.

"Maybe some other time in the real world."

She tiptoed to the door, blew him a little kiss , and closed it quietly behind her.