 Author's Note: One more chapter from the smut forge. Some kinkier stuff happening here as the party kicks into full gear - a bit of dom/sub stuff, some pet play and a hint of incest - so if that's not your cup of tea, you have been warned. There's a LOT of sex in this chapter, but I also tried to use it for some character and relationship changes that are occurring. Hopefully I was successful. Once again, thanks for reading and the kind feedback so far. Helpful critiques are welcome and appreciative comments encourage me to write the next part faster!

*****

The Exile's Path, Chapter 04 - Seed of a New Tribe

"Alright, Tula, why don't you start by sucking on Giles' cock?"

Victoria was standing beside the orc wench directing the performance the greenskin and her son were to put on. The two musicians in the corner had struck up a jaunty Maraader jig and Jessemyn was gyrating seductively in time to the rhythm. No guests had entered the room as yet, but the instructions had been to perform nonetheless so that any visitors would be greeted by the sight of the entertainers in full swing.

Tula nodded at Victoria's directions and dropped to her knees in front of the young man. His mushroom beer enhanced phallus protruded obscenely from his unbuttoned fly, ridiculously massive and bloated with arousal. The orc had no affection for the haughty youth - he treated her with scorn every chance he got - but they had been hired to entertain and putting on a sexual display was expected of them. Furthermore, the Goblin Ale she had recently consumed herself had left her cunt aching to be filled and the sight of Giles' oversized penis made her nipples hard and her mouth water, although she was loathe to admit it.

The boy with the gargantuan cock looked down at the orc wench before him, a conflicted mixture of annoyance and lust battling across his features. He held his hands behind his back, thrusting his pelvis out, his throbbing erection inches from Tula's lips. Both he and Tula were trying to hide their urgent desire to breed from one another, but the large, sloppy dollop of pre-cum that was slowly descending to the ground from his cumslit, restrained only by a thin strand of obscene fluid that tied it to his glans, revealed his desperate need.

With deliberate slowness, Tula leaned forward, opening her mouth wide and taking the boy's swollen cockhead past her tusks. His oozing pre-cum tasted sweet on her tongue and Tula felt a small shiver of pleasure traipse up her spine. With her hands on her hips, the orc craned her neck forward and pushed more of the girthy shaft into her mouth until she felt his crown butt up against the back of her throat.

"Don't be afraid to make him cum, dear," instructed Victoria. "The combination of Tark-Whey and Goblin Ale should keep him hard all night."

Tula nodded, the movement only somewhat inhibited by the fat schlong tying her mouth to Giles' groin. With no small amount of effort, she relaxed her gag reflex and eased the boy's swollen glans down into her throat. Above her, Giles grunted in pleasure as his cock was swallowed by the experienced orc. His hips bucked unconsciously and he moved his hands to the sides of Tula's head.

"No, darling," objected his mother. "I think it looks better if you two try not to use your hands. Just let her work your cock with her mouth, honey. Tula knows what she's doing. Try to keep going until we have a few guests and then switch it up."

Victoria left the two to their mouth fucking and went over to check on Jessemyn. Despite the ridiculous size of the cock in her mouth, Tula felt little discomfort. She had serviced plenty of her former tribe's warriors in a similar fashion and, thanks to her experiences with their meaty organs and the wide flare that was typical to orc penises, she was quite capable of taking even Giles' oversized member in her throat. She flexed the muscles of her neck, massaging the hefty cum-hose in her throat until she had to come up for air. With a spluttering choke, she pulled the giant dick from her mouth and sucked in a few lungfuls of air. Then she opened her lips once again and fed the boy's tumescent tool back into her mouth.

Giles groaned as Tula resumed her deepthroating. He'd never been so thoroughly serviced before - most of the time he was the one trying to please his clients; sucking on their cunts until his jaw ached or humping them until they'd reached orgasm and his balls felt like they were going to fall off. Now, with his cock stuffed into this beautiful orc woman's throat, the muscles of her neck flexing and massaging his bloated organ, he felt exquisite pleasure.

He had called her ugly before, but, truth be told, he found Tula devastatingly attractive. Her curvaceous, muscular body lit a strange fire of lust within him that he'd tried to hide behind a shield of bitterness. Besides, the nobility of the city looked down on the wild, tribal greenskins - if he were to ingratiate himself into their ranks, he couldn't be attracted to a barbaric orc. It was just not possible.

With the amazonian woman deepthroating his cock, however, the lie couldn't be maintained. With a small whimper, he felt his balls heave. He looked down at Tula to find her meeting his gaze with a penetrating stare. Ropes of cum spurted from his cock, fired directly into the woman's stomach. His hips spasmed and jerked, but Tula's gaze never left his as he helplessly fed her his seed.

The two remained locked together, the conflicted boy hosing jism into the object of his scorn and his desire. Neither noticed the gaggle of finely dressed aristocrats who tumbled drunkenly into the room. All that mattered was the perverse connection the two were sharing.

"Oh my, dah-ling, look at that!" gasped a refined older woman, leaning on a well dressed nobleman's shoulder and pointing at the pair. "They've got an orc!"

"Mmm, how rich!" chortled the goateed nobleman.

The pair of nobles sauntered over to observe Tula and Giles more closely, followed by a crowd of their friends. As Giles' pulsing spurts of sperm died down, his mind cleared enough to realise he had an audience. The assembled, tipsy lords and ladies were filtering about the room; some stood near the window, holding glasses of wine and tiny plates of fine finger-food, a couple conversed next to the bookshelves. Many, however, followed the grey haired noblewoman and her goateed husband over to the chairs and couches that faced the hearth before which stood Giles and Tula. Some stood, leaning against the backs of the seats, while others sat. Sammael circulated among them, taking drink orders.

Giles blushed - caught fornicating with an orc by the very class of people he so envied, his cheeks burned hot. Although the guests only seemed half interested in the lewd display Tula and Giles were engaged in, the boy felt as if they were passing judgement upon him. He forced a disdainful sneer onto his face, trying to push away the feeling of shame, and looked down at Tula. The orc seemed unfazed by the gathered aristocrats and was focused on slowly extracting the young man's still-hard dong from her throat. With as haughty a 'harumph' as he could manage, Giles took hold of the greenskin's head and roughly pulled his cock from her mouth.

The bloated thing was coated with a slimy mixture of Tula's throat-spit and his ejaculate. It shone wetly in the light of the large chandelier that hung from the ceiling.

"Ooh! Look at the size of that cock!"

"I can't believe she had that thing all the way in her mouth!"

Giles pushed Tula back. The orc had been balanced on the balls of her feet, gasping for air after deepthroating the youth's hefty shaft, and was not ready for his forceful action. She rolled back onto her ass. In an attempt to demonstrate to their noble observers that he was simply using the barbaric greenskin and was no base creature himself, Giles kneeled behind Tula as she turned sideways and tried to rise to her feet, still panting hard. Caught on her hands and knees, the orc was unprepared as the boy pulled her dress up and to the side, exposing her succulent, round buttocks and her dripping cunt. With an assertive grunt, he mounted her, coarsely pushing his slick, glistening cum-tube into her sopping fuck-hole.

Tula growled at the rough penetration, but her pussy was ready for it - both it and the gargantuan phallus pushing into her were well-lubricated and her hungry cock-sheath had been granted a vastly increased elasticity by the Goblin Ale she had consumed. Her cunt readily swallowed up the massive intruder.

The orc knew what was happening. Games of domination were the norm in orc culture, even during casual copulation. She hadn't become a chief by losing them.

Still, the boy was giving her, and her cunt, exactly what she wanted at that moment. Thick and hard, Giles' breeding pole filled her pussy delectably and she didn't bother resisting as he mounted her like an animal and began pumping his meaty tool into her slavering twat.

The seated and standing aristocrats watched idly as the human boy began energetically mating with the orc woman. A few murmured in amusement at the animalistic display, but most just casually watched the breeding pair while making small talk amongst themselves.

"I say old boy, did you hear about that mess up in the Free Cities?"

"Oh yes, something about demons in Drasich?"

"That's right - some sort of incursion. Wrecked a good part of the city."

Giles gripped Tula's buttocks tightly, his fingers sinking into and pinching her green flesh. To another human, the rough handling might have been unpleasant, but Tula was an orc warrior. She grinned, her tusks glinting, and looked over her shoulder at the youth as he manhandled her ample cheeks and aggressively fucked her juicy cunt. The youth's nose was scrunched up in a grimace of concentration and repressed shame. Tula clenched her pussy around the boy's pistoning shaft. The firm pressure on his swollen member caused his expression to falter and his eyes widened, locking to Tula's.

She squeezed harder.

Jessemyn watched Tula and her brother rutting like beasts out of the corner of her eye. A noble standing near the circle of chairs and couches had beckoned her over with a curt gesture and a brief glance before turning back to the conversation he was having with another finely dressed aristocrat. Upon her approach, the man had calmly reached down, without breaking the stride of his discussion, and unbuttoned his fly, letting his cock flop out of the front of his trousers. He motioned at his half-hard phallus and returned to explaining to his colleague how he was shifting his assets out of Drasich until the city had recovered.

The blonde wench knew what was expected of her and dropped to her knees between the two men. She reached up and gave the man's penis a few expert tugs before taking it into her mouth. The tip for a blowjob was never as good as when a customer made use of her other holes, but the wench hoped the primal display Giles and Tula were putting on would encourage the gathered guests to make more profitable use of her body.

Sure enough, despite the dry conversation the two men were engaged in, the blonde whore noticed that both were watching the frantic, obscene performance occuring before the hearth as they spoke. She felt a movement behind her and momentarily released the cock in her mouth to look over her shoulder, stroking it while she watched her mother kneel down in front of the other nobleman. Victoria smiled warmly at her daughter before turning to the dick hanging beside her head and getting to work.

Tula was milking Giles' cock with the powerful muscles of her pussy, contracting her sloppy hole around the heavy column of meat as he pulled back and relaxing them as he pushed forward into her again. When she glanced back at the youth, she could see how his expression had changed. Gone was the aggressive snarl, replaced by a dazed, somewhat vacant expression. The boy's teeth were no longer clenched - instead, his mouth hung open. Absent, too, was the lad's knitted brow and determined stare. His eyes were now half closed and he stared off into the middle distance, lost in the sublime sensation of an experienced cunt expertly nursing his swollen cock. Even the lad's grip on her ample buttcheeks had loosened. He no longer clamped down on her jiggling buttocks and instead almost tenderly ran his hands over her haunches as she worked his dick.

The tables had turned. She had him now. Arching her back, Tula pushed back against the lad's thrusts, taking the lead and dictating the pace of their mating. As she skillfully manipulated his desperate slab of cock-meat, she felt his hands quiver against her asscheeks. With a victorious grunt, she rammed her ass back and clenched her pussy as hard as she could.

The boy mewled, almost pathetically, and his cock lept and shuddered inside her grasping cum-hole. Tula flexed her haunches rhythmically as hot jets of seed spurted into her pussy, milking Giles' spasming tool and granting him the sweetest of releases. The boy's shoulders hunched involuntarily and he slid forward over Tula's back, his hips bucking disjointedly. 

Giles' orgasm seemed to go on for an eternity. Torrid rope after torrid rope of viscous cream pulsed from his cumslit into Tula's supreme cunny until it overflowed and oozed past her stretched cunt-lips in vulgar rivulets, but still the youth lay panting against the orc's back, his hips thrusting weakly and his balls heaving as he stuffed her cock-hole with a ridiculous quantity of pearly white seed.

Enhanced by the elixir he had consumed earlier, the young man's cum-hose remained rigid and swollen and continued to pump out jism even as Tula rolled him off her back onto the carpet beneath them. Lying on his back, his cock pointing at the ceiling and still dribbling seed, albeit somewhat less forcefully, Giles was a shambles. He grunted weakly as Tula got to her feet beside him.

The orc felt a dampness against her breasts and looked down to see two wet patches on her dress, over her nipples. With a shrug, the orc unlaced her corset and pulled her dress up over head and tossed it aside.

"Is that... milk?" tittered a young noblewoman.

Almost all the gathered nobility were gawking at the orc woman's bare body, their eyes soaking in her fierce, tusked countenance, her cum dripping cunt, her monumental breasts and the small trickles of creamy milk dribbling from her nipples. Tula swept her gaze over the staring crowd, a proud, challenging glint in her eye. A cluster of young squires whispered amongst themselves and then one of their number stumbled forward, pushed by his friends towards the naked greenskin.

"Do it!"

"Fuck her!"

Poorly hushed whispers followed the brown haired youth.

"I-I say, you th-there, or-orc!" announced the squire, his voice tinged with a slight tremble of trepidation. "I'll-*ahem* I'll take you for a ride."

The young noble fumbled with his belt. Behind Tula, two older noblewomen had walked over to Giles, who was picking himself up off the floor. His cock had finally finished dribbling cum, but was still gargantuan in size and swollen with arousal. The women giggled as they reached out to touch the massive organ.

In short order, the room devolved into an orgy.

A couple of hours later, Tula stepped out into the hallway and breathed deeply. The air in the drawing room had taken on the thick, musky scent of sex and sweat and the atmosphere in the hall smelled crisp and clean in comparison. The servant Sammael glanced over at her emergence, and then quickly went back to idly staring into space, waiting to attend to more important guests than the wench. 

Across from the drawing room's door ran a dark wood railing. An observer could look over it down to the floor below. The balcony formed a long rectangle that followed the walls of the large hallway, leaving a two storey empty space in the centre - across the gap was, presumably, another drawing room. A female attendant, dressed in a uniform similar to Sammael's stood outside a door that mirrored the one Tula had exited. 

Bent over the railing just in front of the orc was Victoria - a supremely drunk lord was making vigorous use of her ass. His trousers were bunched around his ankles, an almost empty bottle of wine beside his spread legs. Victoria's gown was hiked up to her waist, exposing her slender legs and round, pink buttocks, against which the man was humping away in a drunken stupor. The blonde whore looked over her shoulder at Tula, past the noble buggering her, and flashed her a weary smile.

"I am hungry," stated the orc, returning the woman's smile with a nod.

"All -uh- right -uh- dear," replied Victoria, her ample bosom bouncing and jiggling under the nobleman's thrusts. "I'll -uh- see -uh- you -uh- later!"

Tula nodded again and turned to head down the hallway, back towards the kitchen area they had entered the castle proper through. She had left her dress in the cabinet back in the drawing room and was clad only in the worn boots Reld had loaned her, but for her belt, with money pouch and dagger attached, that she carried slung over her shoulder like a satchel. Her breasts continued to leak milk, but the orc did not care. Her tits were splattered with an obscene glazing of jizz - more of the slimy stuff oozed from her well used quim and she could feel a vulgar mixture of various aristocrats' seed trickle from her stretched asshole to smear between her cheeks as she walked.

The cum-drenched, naked orc woman drew stares from the various party guests she passed in the halls on the way to the kitchen. Tula was sure she could have taken any of the gawking men aside and earned a few more coin letting them deposit another load of ejaculate in her mouth, pussy or ass, but she was hungry. It was past lunchtime and the physical exertions of the earlier part of the day had left her feeling famished. 

Near the kitchen she was stopped by a maid and directed to a small alcove off the cooking-hall where a trestle table had been set up and laid with a spread of bread, cheese and a large kettle of soup. A few other 'entertainers', all partially clothed or naked, like Tula, were seated on the benches at the table or leaning against the walls, satiating their hunger. Most were there with a colleague and the little groups chatted amongst themselves, paying the orc no heed as she took a few hunks of bread and a bowl of soup.

While she ate, Tula noted that most of the denizens of the castle, be they noble, soldier, servant or whore, were human. She had passed a few finely dressed elven aristocrats in the hallways and there were two elves at the table with her now, but she had not seen any other races present. The human kingdoms of Tennebrin and Dirne had managed to retain a semblance of independence under the rule of the Empire of Thae by readily cooperating with the conquering legions and had thus maintained the lineage of their noble houses. The result was a fairly homogeneous population, primarily comprised of humans and the occasional elven family.

The fact that she was unique among the present population was not a disadvantage, however, especially in the current circumstances. Although Victoria, Giles and Jessemyn had been kept fairly busy with party guests looking to sate their carnal lusts, Tula had been in high demand. Many a noble had sought to spend their load inside her orc holes and had only used her human companions to while away the time, waiting for a turn to mount the greenskin. Accordingly, she had made a substantial profit in tips alone, to say nothing of the lump-sum payment given to her simply for her attendance.

Her meal complete, Tula made her way back to the drawing room. No longer suffering the pangs of hunger, when two, older nobles stopped her at the foot of the stairs up to the second floor, she decided to entertain their curiosity.
