 The next morning, Connor, dragged himself out of bed. He felt completely worn off. No surprise there, he thought as he considered the night's activities. She had awoken several times and each time he had been there to relieve the pain and fuck her brains out – literally speaking. It felt as if his brain had been emptied as well. He guessed he had got a few hours sleep in total. Not barely enough, but it would have to do. 

He turned to his bed partner. She still slept soundly. He chuckled. She would probably have a sore throat as well as aching muscles. She had screamed so loudly and so often, he had wondered why the staff had not stepped by to complain yet. Most likely they saved their complaints for him. He tugged on the rest of his clothes and went to his office. Outside the door, he contemplated for a while before he locked the door behind him. 

***

"Good job, man," Morgan laughed heartily as he clapped his shoulder. He had barely entered his study before he was assaulted by his friend.

"What for?" Connor wondered.

"For quieting that mate of yours. She can not have much voice left after all the screaming she did last night," Morgan chuckled. "I'm sure many will be delighted by the aspect."

"Hrmf," Connor grumbled. "Well, I could use a man to guard her door. Maybe you would like the honour?" Connor said glumly.

"No thanks," Morgan said. "I'll let myself scarce instead." He laughed his way through the door. 

Connor swallowed a yawn and sent a private to guard Teri's door. 

"Make sure she doesn't go anywhere," he instructed the man. 

***

That creep of a man had actually locked her inside. As if she was an ill-behaving child or his property. He probably believed the latter. But, he would regret this decision. She just needed to come up with something new. The drug had obviously not done her much good. Apart from giving her a sore throat and muscle aches all over her body. She hurt in more muscles than she had thought she had. 

Especially her pelvis was not quite up to scratch today and every step she took was painful. Oh well, not as painful as that aphrodisiac. She would not wish that drug on her worst enemy. Not even on Connor. It might lead to more muscles aches on her part if she ever tried it on him. So she was in dire need of a good plan - well any plan that worked better than the previous would do. Due to that drug she would probably not be able to walk properly for the next few days. How embarrassing, she thought.

She banged the door hard. "Let me out of here!" she yelled. Then stepped back in surprise as an unfamiliar voice answered from the other side.

"Sorry, my lady, but the Governor said you were not allowed to leave the room," the guard answered.

"And why not?"

"He didn't give me any reasons, only said you were not to go anywhere."

"Why don't you follow me around then?" she suggested.

"Sorry, my lady. That would be against his specific orders."

She cursed aloud. Stupid males. Always following their damn orders. What happened to individual thought? They must have lost that ability in the selection process. 

"Why don't you go and get that damn Governor so I can get out of here?" she yelled again.

"Sorry, my lady. I was not allowed to leave this door."

"Well, just pee in your pants then," she grumbled loudly. Damn male wimp. He would probably choose to wet himself rather than disobey his beloved Governor. She was practically fuming. Kidnapped, locked up and raped. That was her. No, wait a minute. Scratch the last one. Technically, it was not rape; she would have to admit that. 

The way she had salivated after Connor ever since the first evening she met him, it could not be called rape. The man was too good to be true. If she had not pinched herself repeatedly since she had ended up here, she would still have thought herself in that wet dream she had planned since first meeting him. And thinking about it, every intelligent woman with an intact libido would have done the same thing, she was sure. 

A girl had to make the best of every situation, didn't she? And when someone like Connor came along and sprouted some nonsense about being ones mate and that it was his duty to fuck you? Well, be my guest. Only, he could have come up with a better reason than claiming it was his duty. It was not good for one's self-esteem to have someone fucking your because it was their duty. He should definitely work on those lines, she thought. The arrogant asshole. 

Still, such a prime male specimen was not to be ignored. And he had quite the stamina as well. Keeping up with her drugged and oversexed libido last night, there was no doubt about that. Just even thinking about what had taken place the night before made her blush all over. Maybe she was better off with taking advantage of his sexual prowess a few more times and then she would probably be fed up with him. That was the usual agenda. Boyfriends always showed their bad sides after a while, and when the fun was gone, so was she. She had managed on her own before, so why should she not leave this one as well?

One thing was certain; he thought he was the sole commander in this relationship. This culture could be technically advanced, but they seemed the lack the most basic of women rights. So, what to do about it? Cut up her bra and hang it from the nearest treetop? Nah, it was her favourite, and who knew if they had anything like her wonder bra in this backwater society. Maybe she should have asked the wise women for some itching powder to pour over all of Connor's clothing? 

Hm, that did sound like a tempting idea. Only, then he would probably start walking around naked. And he would probably get some ideas about who the culprit was. No doubt about that. Her bottom would probably not be too happy about that prank. He might want to use force when spanking her the next time. The last time it had only been humiliating at first, then even more humiliating as she grew more and more aroused. Damn, she wasn't into BDSM. No way. Ordinary sex worked well for her, thank you very much. 

She would turn nuts if she had to stay inside all day. She wanted to escape this nice little prison cell. She walked around the room, trying to locate something she could use in her escape. Looking out the window she estimated it was only a few meters to the ground, and not much to climb on. So, she needed something to act as rope. The bed sheets perhaps? An old idea, but it had worked for others, so why not? She ripped the sheets and tied the ends together. Testing their strength, she thought this might perhaps not be such a good idea after all. Well, it was not so far to fall down. She would probably survive anyway.

She dragged a chair over to the window and fastened the end to it. Looking out the window, she could see into the back garden. No sight of any guards – yet. She threw the rope outside, and swung her body after it. Climbing down the sheet, her arms felt as if they would rip any moment. She had better start working out some more, she thought as she gradually lowered herself closer to the ground beneath. 

Setting her feet back onto solid earth, she breathed a relief and started to take the walk they had refused her. On her return she would rather take the front door. She would definitely have to work out more before she tried climbing up again. Still, it felt good with this little rebellion. 

So what would she do with her unexpected freedom? Perhaps visit that doctor woman again, and demand she gave her the correct herbs this time? Or perhaps she should empty the fuel tank of Connor's spaceship? Back on earth she would have gone for blowing the tires, but she had not been able to locate the tires on the spaceship yet.

She walked around the park and ended up in front of the old woman cottage again.

"You again?" the woman said surprised when seeming her entering. "I thought you would need at least a few days to recuperate from all that lovemaking," she chuckled good-naturedly. "Considering all the gossip about Connor's prowess and size, I would have thought you were exhausted."

Teri felt herself blush even more and now in front of this old woman eyeing her so thoughtfully. It was unnerving, to say the least. She tried to block out the pictures about the prowess and Connor but felt her cheeks getting an even warmer colour than before.

"Well, it takes more than a few fucks to tire me," she tried unconvincingly. Then simply gave up and changed the subject. This woman was to blame for her aching body, not to mention the best night of her life, but she would never admit to that. "You gave me the wrong herbs yesterday. Perhaps you care to correct the error today?" she forced her voice to sound as calm as possible. 

"You still haven't come to your senses, then?" the old woman asked. 

"By sense you probably mean to become some brainless twit adoring her louse of a mate. No, I must admit I haven't seen any reason for getting a lobotomy yet."

The woman chuckled. "Oh, you young people are always the same. Thinking that you've all the time in the world and all the chances as well. Did he not give you pleasure last night?" 

Another blush was colouring Teri's face, and the woman chuckled. 

"Oh, I knew he would. You are so lucky as to have got him as mate. In fact, many women have tried to capture him, but none has succeeded – until now. And he has always been such a nice and honourable man. And now he's a Governor as well. Oh yes, I always thought he would mount to something great, and so he has," the old woman droned on.

Teri just smiled at her. The people here were just like earth people, she thought. Even the gossips were the same. Funny, she thought as the old woman still spoke heartedly about Connor, portraying the man she knew as a creep as a heroic figure. The woman must be blind as well as daft, Teri thought. No wonder she gave her the wrong drug.

"So, you don't realise he's just perfect for you? That you were chosen for each other?"

"No, I'm afraid I don't see it that way."

"Oh you will," the old woman replied before turning back to the kettle she was brewing something ill smelling in. "One day you will wake up and discover what a fine man is standing right in front of you, and I hope for your sake that you'll discover it soon. You have such a fine specimen in your bed, that it would be a great shame to waste time by avoiding him," she smiled knowingly at Teri. 

"Why don't you just give me the herbs?" Teri asked quickly, suddenly fed up with the entire subject of Connor and all his endowments.

"Sorry, dear," the woman replied. "I don't know of any herbs that can prevent pregnancy. Around here every child is such a rare event that no one ever thinks about preventing the pregnancy."

"Huh?"

"Yes, haven't you noticed how few women are around on this planet? And I suppose you haven't seen many children either?"

Teri thought for some time. Apart from the healer and the house keeper which were both old women, she had not seen any females around. No children either.

"No, I haven't. But I thought they were just locked up by their mates. The men here tend to be very dominant," she said glumly.

"Yes, they have to," the woman explained. "There are so few women left that every woman is guarded well, to prevent her from being kidnapped and raped by desperate males."

"What? And how has this gender difference occurred? Don't tell me all women have been killed at birth or something like that. It would be typical for some people I know to only want male heirs so as to make a strong army, or using some other lame excuse." 

"No, we don't know why. In fact, females are highly thought off, and every female birth is celebrated." 

"Ah, so that's why you have started to kidnap woman from other planets? How vile is that? This society definitely resembles the stone ages in that aspect."

"Stone ages?"

"Well, you know. Men walking around with large beards and even bigger clubs; clubbing the women before kidnapping them. The first people on earth."

"Ah, I see." The old woman chuckled again. "And I can see why you were chosen for Connor," she said looking knowingly at Teri.

"And why is that?"

"You both have the same bizarre humour. He had always been a most intelligent boy, and a great hero to our people." 

"You know him well?"

"Of course. This is his home planet. His mother was my childhood friend." 

"I see. So that's why you told on me?" Teri accused.

"Well, did you want to go through those pains on your own?"

Teri just grew quiet. Before saying, "No", very reluctantly. "But you could have given me another drug that didn't hurt as much."

The woman chuckled. "So you didn't appreciate his ministrations to reduce your pains? Did he not bring you pleasure, is that the problem?"

Teri felt her face getting warmer. Pleasure? He had done nothing apart from giving her pleasure since she met him. 

The old woman must have understood because she just nodded. "I've never heard anyone complain about his lovemaking before, so I was sure that was not the problem. Still, he could have left you in agony, you know. Just to give you a lesson. Some men use the aphrodisiac as a punishment for their mates, and then let them conquer the pain on their own." 

"How primitive," Teri harrumphed. She could still remember then powerful contractions floating through her body, making it ache all over. Only the feeling of Connor's skin against her own, his cock in her cunt had made her feel any better. And the only thing that relieved the pain completely was the countless orgasms he had given her throughout the night. If not for those respites she would probably have gone crazy. Now, she only had a sore body and aching muscles. She stretched her legs slowly. They had stiffened in the short time she had sat down.

"Muscle cramps?" the woman asked, chuckling knowingly at the same time.

"As if you didn't know that already," Teri grumbled at her. "It was your entire fault, you know. In fact, you owe me a favour for that trick you pulled in me the last time I was here."

"Perhaps," the woman said reluctantly. "What sort of favour were you thinking off?"

"Well, you can start by lending me some sleeping droughts and a knife," Teri explained.

After promising not to use any of the supplies on 'dearest' Connor, she left the cottage with her newly assembled weapons. Now she would be ready to face down that guard Connor had bestowed on her.