 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Author's Note: It's been a while, I know, but here we are again, returning to Tula and Reld's adventures. Sorry about the long wait - work, life, all the usual excuses. You know how it is. Anyway, I hope you enjoy this chapter. As always, constructive criticism is always appreciated and comments and faves are what keep me posting these smutty tales.

*****

The Exile's Path, Chapter 05 - The Key to a New Life

"Oh, shit, that's good!"

Tula groggily opened her eyes. Her neck ached, as did her legs and arms. It took her a moment to fight through the wooly-headed sensation stifling her thoughts to figure out why - she was currently locked into one of the pillories furnishing Lady Emily's apartments. It was not her awkward position that woke her from her drug induced fog, however. Instead, it was the blissful exultations of the guard behind her and the warm surge of his seed pulsing into her cunny that dragged her out of the realm of sleep.

"Gods, come and have a taste of this cunt!" grunted the guard, pulling his spent member from the orc whore's distended quim. Tula could feel the human soldier's creamy deposit ooze from her thoroughly-used orifice.

"Fuck that," said another laughing voice. "I think I'm going to sample that orc ass."

The pillory prevented Tula from turning to see her assailants, but she could feel the bloated glans of the next guardsman push against her sphincter. Well used to girthy intruders, the orc's anus opened readily and welcomed the soldier's offering. Even so, Tula was glad the previous night's patrons had left a healthy deposit of slimy ejaculate in her butt - the sloppy fluid acted as an ideal lubricant for her anal guest and the muscled greenskin couldn't help her cunt from clenching in jealousy as her asshole spread around the guard's cumhose. The soldier grunted in pleasure, his hands grasping Tula's buttocks firmly while his dong slid home. Tula enjoyed a good assfucking as much as anyone could, but the fog of her hangover left her feeling somewhat disconnected from the experience and she idly examined her surroundings while her anus was used.

The position of the bondage furniture she was fastened to left her unable to look anywhere but into the small workspace beneath the stairs leading up to the Lady Emily's bed and Tula's eyes scanned the various shelves and tables as her restrained body rocked under the soldier's eager thrusts. Various books of indecipherable purpose, some open, their pages filled with unidentifiable text, were the most numerous denizens of the noble's study, but the shelves held other strange objects too - crystals of myriad colours, phials and bottles filled with curious liquids, a collection of small, ironbound chests and a gleaming silver box, roughly the size of a person's head. The sides of the box were covered with an intricate filigree of fine silver-work, in the centre of which was a strange symbol which Tula thought looked like a Dwarven rune.

The greenskin couldn't read dwarven runes, of course, but had seen them a number of times during her previous life as a clan chief when traders came to the village. Something about the runed box captured the orc's attention and, only slightly inconvenienced by the vigorous assfucking she was receiving, Tula found her gaze locked to the silver cube. Only when a stern female voice rang out across the room was she able to tear her eyes from it.

"All right you useless shits, wrap it up and get back to work! It's time for the whores to go!"

At the barked command, Tula heard the guard plundering her asshole grumble plaintively and felt his pace increase, his hands mauling her jiggling buttcheeks with doubled fervour. A moment later, the orc whore felt the bloated sausage in her rectum throb and strain and jets of scalding jism began to fill her bowels. As she grunted and gasped at the creamy filling, a shadow fell over her and she heard the pillory's locks being unfastened.

"I said wrap it up, Josef!" growled the female sergeant from beside the rutting pair.

"Yes sarge! All done here!" replied the guard. Tula felt a sudden emptiness and a cool rush of air in her gaping sphincter as the soldier quickly pulled his phallus from her ass.

"Here," said the guardswoman dismissively, dropping a jingling purse in front of Tula's unlocked pillory. "If you had any other gear, you can get it from the guard beside the chest at the door."

Tula stood, her stiff joints protesting at the movement, and nodded at the sergeant, but the liveried woman was already turning away to deal with the apartment's other occupants. She had her work cut out for her; Tula noticed a number of guards availing themselves of the party's hired entertainment - here, a guardsman was languidly thrusting his cock into a whore's offered mouth, there, a guardswoman was making use of a lothario's hefty tool, the swollen organ still bloated by the lingering effects of the night's imbibed alchemical brews.

Searching amongst the many naked and half-clad figures, Tula finally found what she was looking for - tucked into a corner, Jessemyn and Giles were fast asleep, the boy spooning his sister, their bare skin pressed together. The siblings had apparently passed out promptly post-coitus, for the lad's dick was still lodged within his sister's quim. Judging by the copious quantity of sloppy discharge smeared over the pair's conjoined genital regions, they had spent themselves with vigour until exhaustion had claimed them.

The orc kneeled beside her colleagues, a hand on each of their shoulders, and shook them gently. It did not get the response she intended.

"Mmmph," murmured Giles. "Jus' a lil' longer."

To the greenskin's surprise, the boy, his eyes still closed, began rocking back and forth, pressing his pelvis against his sister's butt and shunting his cock in and out of her cunt with short, shallow thrusts.

"Jessemyn! Giles!" hissed Tula, her voice low but commanding.

"Hmmm?" sighed Jessemyn, her eyelids fluttering as she struggled to open them.

"You two! Up!" barked the sergeant, approaching the fornicating pair from behind Tula and dropping two more purses beside them. "Here's your money. Now get the fuck out."

The brash interruption proved to be enough to pull the siblings from their reverie. Both opened their eyes with a start and blearily glanced about. It seemed to take an unusually long time for the couple to realise they were joined at the crotch.

Jess scooted away from her brother, startled, his tumescent shaft sliding from her cunny with a wet slurp. A flood of viscous semen chased the retreating organ. "Oh, shit!" groaned Jessemyn. "What have we done?!"

"Gods! Jess!" cried Giles, clambering to his feet, his engorged phallus bobbing ridiculously in front of him.

Tula helped Jessemyn to her feet. "Tula..." the blonde girl's voice was heavy with dread. "I... Giles..."

Grabbing their coin pouches, Tula began ushering the pair towards the door. "Calm down, both of you," soothed the orc. "It does not matter."

"But... if mother finds out..." whined Giles.

"You are taking contraceptive potions," said Tula to the blonde whore. "As I said, what happened does not matter. You should not worry."

"And mother?" whispered Giles. "You... you won't tell, will you?"

"I shall not say a word."

The guard at the door returned the trio's possessions with an uninterested grunt, leaving the small group to seek out Victoria. The castle staff bustled past them as they proceeded towards the drawing room wherein they had begun the preceding night's festivities. Aside from the servants and the guards, there didn't seem to be any other people in the castle. After walking in strained silence for some time, the quiet was finally broken by Giles.

"You're, uh, not acting like how I thought you would," mumbled the lad.

Tula looked at the naked youth, an eyebrow raised. "What do you mean?"

"Um... Most people... If they found me and Jess like that... Being family and all..." The boy's words trailed off into embarrassed silence.

"Ha," snorted Tula. "It is different among my kin. I mated with my brothers many times. My father too. We do not have the same customs as you humans. If I had an urge to sate, what cock I made use of mattered not."

"Still... we're not orcs," interjected Jessemyn.

"Did it feel good?" asked Tula, halting the group.

Jessemyn looked taken aback at the orc's frank question. "Uh, I guess so?" she replied. "It feels like I can only remember it through a haze."

"And you," continued the orc, looking down at Giles. The lad's cock was rigid with lust. "It appears you enjoyed it."

"Um, yeah, Jess is kind of pretty, I guess," mumbled Giles.

"And she won't get pregn-"

The orc's words were cut off by Jessemyn's outrage. "'Kind of pretty'?! You 'guess'?!"

The blonde wench folded her arms angrily, the action inadvertently causing her to present her ample bosom to her brother like a merchant's shelf displaying its wares. "My memory of last night may be a little hazy," continued the girl, "but I don't recall any complaints coming from you!"

"Fine," huffed Giles, "I think you're really pretty." The boy completed his petulant concession by sticking his tongue out at his sister. "And you sure didn't seem to mind bouncing on this!" he added, wiggling his hips and causing his rampant erection to shake back and forth.

"We have dallied overlong," announced Tula, interrupting the bickering siblings. "We should find your mother."

They found Victoria in the drawing room, getting redressed beside the cabinet within which they had stowed their clothes. The older woman looked a little tired, but greeted the returning group with a warm smile.

"Hello dears," beamed the blonde woman. "Had a good night?"

Tula smiled in response and presented the heavy pouches that contained their payment while Victoria walked over to give first Jessemyn and then Giles a hug. While Jessemyn began to dress, Victoria stepped back from her son and cast a pointed glance at his hefty erection.

"Didn't get enough last night?"

"Uh, I think it's the Tark-Whey - it takes a bit to get it all out of the system," explained the boy, looking somewhat shamefaced.

"Oh dear," sighed Victoria, calmly reaching down and taking hold of her boy's swollen organ. "It's not too uncomfortable, I hope?" she asked, giving the obscene rod a few casual tugs and milking a heavy bead of pre-cum from her son's cumslit.

"Uh, a little," murmured Giles, his eyes half closed in pleasure.

"Well, why don't you rub one out quickly while we finish getting dressed, then? Maybe it will go down some."

"Can't you help? It's always faster when you do it," said Giles, replacing his mother's hand with his own once she had removed her fingers.

"Sorry darling," replied Victoria. "I have to finish getting my hair up."

"Here, I shall assist you," offered Tula, sauntering over to the masturbating youth.

Without ceremony, the orc kneeled before Giles, her back straight, and pushed her monumental titties together to form an inviting crevice for the boy's engorged cock. "Go on," the greenskin offered, "fuck my tits."

Giles needed no further encouragement. With a sigh of relief, he pushed his column of aroused flesh into the tight, warm valley that was Tula's cleavage. The thick, smooth, green skin of Tula's mammoth mammaries slid delectably down the veiny, hot skin of his shaft, the divine sensation causing his needy tool to expel a vulgar glob of pre-cum.

"That's very kind of you, Tula," said Victoria from where she was using the mirror attached to the inside of the cupboard's door to fix her hair. "You be sure to say thank you, Giles."

"Yes -uh- mother -uh-" grunted Giles, thrusting happily into Tula's offered cleavage.

Standing beside her mother, putting on her underwear, Jessemyn watched her brother as he fucked Tula's tits. "Hey, mum," she began, "how come it's okay for you to masturbate Giles?"

"Oh, darling, it's just a professional courtesy," explained the blonde innkeep-cum-prostitute. "I know some folk might frown upon it, so we don't do it with an audience, but sometimes he needs a little help to get him ready to go for a customer or, like now, he might need a little assistance getting the alchemy out of his system."

"So... um... is it okay if I help sometimes too?"

"Of course, honey," replied Victoria, looking surprised. In the background, the *paf paf paf* of Giles' pelvis slapping against Tula's boobs sounded out softly. "I just didn't think you were interested."

"I'm not!" blurted Jess. "I mean, I just thought I could use some practice giving handjobs."

Tula half listened to the two blonde women conversing while Giles hungrily humped away at her tits. With her palms pressed into the ample flesh of her breasts, the orc idly teased her nipples between the knuckles of her fingers and watched as the young man's distended, angry red glans peaked between the valley of her cleavage at the apex of every lusty thrust. The mushroom-like cockhead liberally spewed pre-cum as it slid in and out between the orc's bosom, leaving a vulgar, glistening mess on her succulent globes. Tula grinned and looked up at the passion-driven youth. There was something delicious about the control she could exert through the act of providing pleasure with her body.

For his part, Giles was in ecstasy. The buxom orc's heavy breasts formed a sumptuous seal around his schlong, entombing the urgently erect organ in a tight, warm, cushiony embrace, slick with his flowing pre. The youth's hands were clamped to the greenskin's muscled shoulders, holding her steady as he titfucked her, but, despite their positions, it was Tula who was in command. The lad's mouth hung half open, his eyes half closed.

"Do it, boy," directed Tula. "Cum for me." The orc felt a wetness between her fingers; she was lactating again. "Cum all over my tits, boy."

Breathing heavily as if he was in pain, Giles' shoulders hunched and his rhythmic thrusts grew disjointed and spasmodic. With his lips twisted into a snarl of effort, the boy pumped his cock between Tula's tits desperately until, finally, with one last heave, a tidal wave of pleasure coursed through him and his balls heaved mightily. Tula's grin turned into a toothy, victorious smile as she felt the throbbing, sticky bursts of jizz pump out of the cum-hose sandwiched between her titties. She felt the lad's shudders of pleasure and watched as his impressive deposit seeped out of the valley created by her mashed-together boobs.

As he ejaculated into the orc's exquisite cleavage, Giles felt a hand snake over his shoulders and come to rest on his chest. He looked to his left, still quivering with pleasure, to see Jess peering down at his spurting cum.

"All done? Come on guys, we should be going." The young blonde had a handkerchief in her other hand. "Get changed, Giles. I'll help Tula get cleaned up - you made a real mess of her boobs."

From behind him, he heard his mother agree. "Yes, time to go Giles. Don't forget to thank Tula."

Tula parted company with Jessemyn, Victoria and Giles at the entrance to the inn. It had been a long night, and she could feel the exhaustion creeping up her spine. She had agreed to meet Fiona and Reld at the dwarf's house, but now was regretting the decision as the thought of a bed and sleep took precedence over seeing her friends. Nevertheless, she made her way around the corner of the inn towards the smith's abode.

The orc found both Reld and Fiona awake and in the midst of putting together breakfast. The dwarf was at the table, inside, cutting thick slices off a loaf of crusty bread. Reld was at the dwarf's covered, outdoor kitchen - Tula could hear him humming a local popular shanty. The smell of bacon, accompanied by the tempting sizzle and snap of a hot skillet wafted in from the open back door. Both the lad and the dwarf were unselfconsciously nude, apparently having spent the night indulging their own carnal proclivities.

"Good timin', girlie," said the smith upon Tula's entrance. "Just in time for a bit o' breakfast. Have a seat."

"Good morning, Fiona," replied the orc with an amiable, if tired, nod. She called out another greeting to Reld's shouted 'hello' as she slid into one of the robust wooden chairs around the table.

"Have a good night?" queried the dwarf while sliding a thick slab of bread over to her friend, along with a wooden tray containing a pat of butter and a small pot of honey.

"It was certainly profitable," said Tula, spreading butter over the bread and slathering honey upon it. "The nobles have some appetite."

"Could say the same for the boyo," smirked Fiona, absently rubbing her left buttcheek. "Startin' to think you're not taking care of his needs - he must've spent most of the night in my ass."

"What did I do?" said Reld, wandering into the house with a pan of bacon and eggs held before him.

"Ye buggered me silly," quipped the smith, tossing some wooden plates and tin cutlery on the table. "My ass is goin' to be sore for a week."

Reld flashed the two women a rueful grin as he took a seat. "I try my best."

The three set into the morning meal with some gusto, their hunger fueled by the night's vigorous physical activities. While they ate, Fiona and Reld quizzed Tula on the events of the party and the greenskin filled them in, sparing no detail. The former chief trusted both her friends, the closest she had in her new life, and knew that they were not the type to judge nor gossip, even when she described the debaucherous activities that took place in the Lady Emily's apartments.

"Jess and Giles?!" remarked Reld with surprise as he stood to clear the table.

Tula nodded and continued her story, but now had to compete with the boy's excited focus on the taboo behaviour of the innkeepers' children. Fiona, on the other hand, seemed unfazed by the salacious story and, instead, questioned the orc about the strange silver box she had noticed earlier that morning. Eventually, the smith retrieved a stick of charcoal and had Tula scratch out a rough drawing of the box and the symbol it bore upon the table.

A little bored by the two women's discussion about the silver trinket, Reld returned to his seat and leaned back, idly tugging on his half-hard cock while running his gaze over his companions' toned curves. A month ago, just the thought that he would be sitting naked, casually stroking his shaft in plain view of two people, let alone two gorgeous women, would have caused him to self-combust from pure embarrassment. Now, however, it seemed perfectly normal. Living with Tula and her casual, accepting attitude towards lust and sex had all but erased the more puritan aspects of his character and the dwarf Fiona was almost as uninhibited as the orc - it seemed that life in the close quarters of a subterranean dwarven hold was one were the rules concerning privacy were rather lax.

"Looks like the lad needs a drainin' already," grinned Fiona, finally tearing herself away from the subject of the silver box and glancing over at Reld's turgid boner. "And it looks like you need some sleep," she added, looking back at Tula. "Why don't you crash in my bed and catch forty winks while I take this young python out back and give it a good milkin'. Don't worry, we'll keep it quiet."

Tula grinned wearily at her friends. "Do not bother taking it outside. I feel like I could sleep through a hurricane," she said, shrugging off her dress after pushing her chair back and getting to her feet. "Thank you for the use of your bed," she continued, staggering towards the inviting blankets. "I would be most grateful if you could wake me just after midday - I think, with the money I made last night, that Reld and I should see about heading into town and purchasing some armour this afternoon."
