 Sitting in the Mall just watching the young ladies go by was a pastime of mine during my lunch break. I had a nice secluded spot, which all year round gave me protection from the weather be it rain, shine or wind. Unless you particularly looked for the spot it was hard to see. I had been coming to this spot for the past three years, after being shown it by an old man who used to work in our mail department.

It wasn't that a busy thoroughfare not like the main Mall further up and there were periods when you saw no-one for a few minutes. So seeing these two girls I was able to watch them through an arc of 45 degrees and about 30 feet. I was doing my usual thing eyeing them up from top to bottom, getting a good front and side view, and a rear view before they disappeared round the corner. Almost in front of me they disappeared, not into a shop, or around the corner, Pfffffftt. They were gone.

I began to rise when halfway to where the two young women vanished a figure appeared. I had to say figure for I couldn't tell whether it was male or female, at least six feet six inches tall and wearing a mauve one piece skin hugging overall which included the feet. There was no bulge in the crotch, or an indication it had breasts, the hair was cut short, and black in colour. The features were Eurasian and very beautiful. She/he was looking straight at me.

In very precise English the person spoke with a feminine voice "You saw the two young ladies vanish."

What else could I say I was so dumb struck by the two strange things which had happened before my eyes but "Yes".

"I am afraid that we cannot allow you to report this incident, even though we know no one will believe you. You will return with me."

No flash no funny feeling, nothing, in the blink of an eyelid I was standing in a cream coloured room under a two metre shallow domed instrument and a raised platform of about two inches of the same size, still holding a sandwich in one hand and a cool drink in the other. Surrounding the disc were three tall people at least seven feet tall and the one who spoke to me earlier was standing on the disk also.

"Citizen Lee Ung why have you brought this person back, you know it is forbidden." The same precise English was spoken by one of the people on the edge of the dais but this time with a deeper voice, more male than female, but still no sign of genitals.

"He saw the capture, so I had to bring him back Master Wu!" she said. I was now certain that this was a female of the species as the voice matched what I classified as female voice.

"Impossible, the scan showed no-one else in the vicinity," Master Wu replied with a rather abrupt tone.

"What are we to do with him then? He is not on the indoctrination list, and now he has seen us," the woman replied.

"Excuse me, where the hell am I? Who are you people?"

"We are the Eliminators like your police; you are in the fifty fifth century your time scale to be precise 5503."

"You must be joking, how did I get here I never felt a thing?" I replied.

"We are not joking, and why should you feel anything?" He replied.

Just then a group of people entered the room through the wall, I could see no door, they just walked in, all were very tall, dark hair and all looked Eurasian. Master Wu noticed I was watching the other group. "You are puzzled; I can see you asking yourself why they are all so tall and look the same race. Am I correct?"

"Yes Sir, I was wondering that." I replied with a questioning look.

"After the Great War all the remaining people on earth were thrown together, and since all your race of men were wiped out, and most of our women were killed by your race dropping chemical weapons on our homeland the survivors paired off. So now we have one race on earth now ‘The Great Chinese Empire'.

"What Great War." I asked him now alarmed.

"The Great War of 2030, when America and her allies attempted to invade China because we defending North Korea. The result was total annihilation of their Forces by the Chinese Armed Forces. Then they resorted to Chemical Weapons on our people. Something went wrong and they wiped out all their male population, I think they were trying to perfect the germ which killed our women, but it went wrong."

"How long did the war last?" I asked.

"One hundred and five years. Since then we have made great strides in medicine and the sciences."

"Why as Citizen Ung said, are you eliminating people?"

"We are not eliminating them; we are correcting defects in their characters. They are the ones who are the mothers of criminals; we have no crime for we eliminate right back the line to prevent any latent intentions. Also it keeps our population in check."

"I think that is cruel, punishing the mother for the crimes of the child," I said.

"We know criminal intent is a defect in breeding and we weed it out. Enough of this, take him and sanitise him, give him accommodation until we decide what we are going to do with him."

Two tall men approached me, I was going to resist but they pointed handheld bulbous things in there hand and I was pushed in front of them without them even touching me. I was pushed towards the wall which suddenly dissolved in front of me into a long passage, which had a moving pavement that slowed down as I stepped on it and then speeded up until we were travelling at a pace equal to a fast run. 

The pavement slowed down and I was forced off. We changed direction but this time I had a window to look out of but all I could see was blue sky, but no sun. Maybe it was at the other side of the building to what I was on, but then there should have been shadows and I could see none. We came to another wall and moving fast towards it, I couldn't help but cringe as we passed through and the pavement stopped.

"Remove all your clothing and step into the circle." A voice from nowhere commanded me. I hated to think what other nasties these things held in my escorts hands could inflict so I done what I was told and stripped. I saw that my escorts were gazing at my crotch and had a funny look on their faces. God I thought haven't they seen a blokes dick before. I walked into the circle and a brilliant blue light flashed on and off for a few times, when I looked at my body I saw that my skin was peeling.

Again I was lit up and this time it was a white light and a warm breeze was coming from where I was standing which was covered in tiny holes. When this switched off my skin was clear of all the peeling skin. One of my escorts came and handed me a yellow bundle which was a suit of clothing similar to theirs. The only opening was in the neck and arms so I took it that you stepped into this suit through the neck. It gave and once on fitted snug to my body, but I had a huge bulge that seemed to emphasis even more my penis and balls.

Once again I was forced by these contraptions they held in their hands onto the moving pavement, but this time we entered something I would call a lift and we seemed to be moving at quite a high speed. Out again and I was shooting along a passage again through many walls, by this time I was beginning to lose the fear of smashing into the walls, into a well furnished room. I recognised seats and a bed at least, my two escorts left me and a person of about six feet entered.

Great they are getting shorter; maybe I'll meet someone my height soon of five feet nine inches.

"I am going to help you understand what everything is for and teach you our ways. My name is Sue Wong, what is yours," she said in a soft feminine voice. She too like the guards had her eyes on my crotch as she said this. Then she said something that really took me back "What is that lump between your legs pray."

"My name's Frank Norman and that is my pride and joy." I said indicating my bulge.

"Yes but what is it for?"

"It's to give pleasure to women and make babies. How do you make babies?"

"Some of us are designated breeders and they produce the replacements when we need them. They are held the greatest esteem, and are awarded the best of everything."

"That's great to know that you are still born from flesh and blood and not from a beaker or something."

"Why would we not be born from flesh and blood?"

"Forget it show me what all these strange things are," I said pointing to a control panel.

They were basically an air-conditioning unit with the manual override and their communications panel with interactive TV but instead of a screen was a heliograph but there was no violence or sex or any of these types of programs. I am going to be bored out of my head here, if I am kept too long.

It appears that my presence is required again by Master Wu. Sue Wong accompanied me back the way we had come. But this time into an examination room of some sorts.

"Frank Norman, we want to do some tests on you, there will be no pain or discomfort at all, will you assist us?" Master Wu asked.

How did he know my name I only mentioned it to Sue Wong and I have been with her all the time. The sheet she wrote on must be a communicator as well. What was the point of refusing the tests they would only get out these bulbous things again and I will be pushed into doing what they want. Be a bit co-operative and maybe I'll get out of here I thought.

"Of course Master Wu, anything to help, but you said you were now well advanced in medicine and the sciences, so how can I help?"

"We've never had a male member here before so we would like to get as much information as we can."

I was shown a cabinet where I was asked to sit down in and look at a small screen and place my hand on an illuminated pad. There was a few flashing lights and some weird sounds but nothing else. The door opened and I was asked to step out.

"We have traced your DNA which shows up in some of our population. Do you have any children?"

I was about to say no then I remembered I had had an affair with an American Service woman and she wrote and told me she had given birth to a baby, but she never told me the sex of the child. "Yes I fathered one child that I know of."

"Since your DNA runs through the blood of our people in fact you and I are related even though we are separated by about 175 generations."

"It must be a bit diluted by now surely," I said to him.

"It will take a long time for that to happen. We are going to let you return to your own time. We will erase your memory."

"Why, I doubt if anyone would ever believe me if I told them what happened."

"Very true, also we would ask you not to father any more children, for they would all be wiped out a few years after you die."

"You know when I will die?"

"Yes we can go back in time but not forward and I could tell you the exact time and date when you will die, but I won't. I will tell you that you still have a good many years yet to live."

"Well I can live with that. I don't want to know anyway. It could be difficult avoiding fathering a child for I don't like wearing a rubber."

"A rubber?" he didn't understand I could see from his face.

"A condom, they are made from a latex and prevent fertilizing a woman."

"Well stick to women who are out of the breeding age, you know they are the largest group of females in your time."

"I've never fancied older women, I only get turned on by young women, so that won't work," I said to Master Wu.

"We can change that quite easy, for we can alter your brain pattern so that these women would appeal to you more than the younger ones."

"Can you change anything else in my body, I will agree if you could make me a bit more endowed, for my penis is a bit on the small side."

"But you managed to father a child with what you have, our penises have almost disappeared. But we can alter any part of your body as they are doing in your own time, now we are a bit more efficient."

"Well if you could I would appreciate a bigger dick, as long as I can use it for a good many years and not get middle age droop."

"We will make sure that won't happen to you, you will have as long a sexual life as you want, but sex isn't everything."

"Speak for yourself; I can't think of anything better, anyway sex is what makes the world go round."

He pointed this bulbous thing at me and the next thing I remembered I was standing in the Mall at the place where the two young women had disappeared. I was standing alongside of the same two women. We just stared at one another and they just shook their heads and started walking the way they had been when I saw them disappear.

I remembered everything, was it real or had I had a mid day dream or something. I remembered what I had asked for but I couldn't see any bigger bulge in my trousers. One thing though I thought I was paying attention to older women who were walking in the Mall, or again was it just my imagination working overtime.

I returned to my office and just spent the remainder of the day thinking of what I presumed had happened. I was thinking that maybe I had been dreaming. Then I looked at the back of my hand and the printer's ink that I had spilled on my hands this morning and which usually stayed for days was gone. I remembered the machine that made my skin peel off as a cleansing, that is the only explanation I could think of. What else could have removed the ink stains?

For the next few days I noticed that I was definitely paying more attention to mature ladies and I was talking to these ladies at work who I used to completely ignore in the past. Yesterday I had been invited to join a group of these ladies to share my lunch with them. One of them had brought a cake as one of them had their birthday that day. I felt at ease in the company of these ladies and I found that they seemed to appreciate me spending the time talking to them.

Also my penis had definitely got a great deal bigger, I was well over eight inches when I was erect and that was quite often these days. I was feeling like an eighteen year old again, a walking hard-on. The reason for the hard-on was the slightest flash of thigh or cleavage by these mature ladies.

Saturday night when I usually join my age group on a hunt for any willing young woman, who was available for a one - night stand, I found I had lost the urge. Instead I went to the local church hall which was holding a dance. I couldn't see any young people of my age there, they were all middle aged and elderly people and amazingly it was predominately women. I was surprised how much attention I was getting from these ladies, they were fussing over me so much that it was embarrassing.

Claire who was a lady of about fifty came up to me, "my name is Claire, can I have this dance?"

"Claire, I'm not very good, but I would be privileged. Call me Frank," I said as we moved onto the dance floor.

"We don't get many men of your age attend our dances."

"I don't know why I came myself, for I usually go to the city on a Saturday evening."

"Like all men of your age looking for a quick fuck," she said looking into my eyes.

I didn't know what to say, the way she had come out with the truth. I couldn't look her in the eye and my gaze was over her shoulder.

"Cat got your tongue has it," she said with a smile.

"I've never had an elderly lady speak to me like that, I didn't know how to answer you," I said looking now into her eyes.

"Your young ladies talk that way, even worse I'm sure?"

"Yes, and I'm a bit fed up with their attitude," I said. Why did I say that, I hadn't meant to say that, it just came into my mind.

"So you're looking for a more mature lady then?"

"I suppose you could say that Claire," I said drawing her closer to my body as we danced to a slow waltz.

The rest of the evening I sat at a table with Claire and her friend Dot and I dance with both of them as well as a couple of others from the table next to ours. Instead of alcohol, we were served with tea and cakes, which had been provided by the ladies of the church. I discovered that Claire was a divorcee and lived alone, her friend Dot was almost the same, but she was a widow and a bit older than Claire. I don't know what Master Wu had done to me but I fancied both of them, and I was almost certain that I only had to suggest and I could have any of these two ladies for the night.

I didn't need to ask, Claire asked me if I would walk the pair of them back. Dot lived two doors down from Claire and we went to Dot's home first and spent a few minutes there before we continued up the street to Claire's house. No word was said, Claire opened the door and I walked in after her. I closed the door and she came up to me and put her arms around my neck and crushed her lips onto mine pressing her lower body into mine.

I was as hard as a rock by this time and it was pressed into her body, Claire was rubbing herself against it and her breathing was becoming erratic. She wasn't alone, I was getting in the same state. This was something new for me, there was no play rejection as I slipped my hand on to her breast and she moaned as I gently squeezed and caressed it. Then I dropped my hand to her bottom and pulling her dress up and following the crack of her bottom down found her moist panties which were easily pushed aside as I slipped my finger into her warm body.

"Take me to bed Frank, I need a man to-night," she panted.

"Lead the way, I want to fuck you too," I said knowing she wanted me to talk to her this way.

Taking me by the hand she led me to her bedroom and started stripping. I undressed as well, the light wasn't that good for the only light was from a street light and I could only see shadows. What I saw was enough for me, for Claire was well endowed and held her ample breast with an arm across her chest as she got into bed. She also had a dark love patch between her legs, which looks like she doesn't keep the hair trimmed.

I got in with her and at once we came together and I felt her breasts against my chest and the coarse hair of her crotch rub against my thigh. I then felt her hand slide down and clasp around my penis and she started to gently squeeze it.

"My you are a nice big man, at least you have a lovely cock not a little tiddler like my old man had." As she said this she climbed over me and knelt over my hips and using her hand she guided my penis between her moist vaginal lips and then into that moist passage, she slipped down and I slipped easily into her. God how different from the fighting and struggling I used to have with some, no most of the young women I used to pick up. Claire wasn't afraid to show just what she wanted and no false modesty. I wonder if all these mature women are the same.

I stopped thinking of the past and concentrated on what was happening now with Claire bouncing up and down on my hips and a smile on her lips as well. There was no put-on Ah's and Oh's that I have had in the past, just a smile and it was obvious that she was really enjoying what she was getting, rolling her hips as she and I got into a good rhythm. As she came down I pushed up, our lower bodies slapping into one another. Not only had Master Wu given me a bigger penis, but I am managing to last longer at this lovely experience.

We had been going on like this for over ten minutes and Claire sat down on my hips. "God you can really keep going, your wearing me out."

I rolled her over on to her back and she raised her legs straight up my body with her heels above my shoulders. I had a hold of her hips and pulled her into me as I thrust deep into her body. I was using long strokes pulling almost out and then thrusting in again. Claire had a hold of my arms and as I was entering she was pulling me forward. I had felt a good few times Claire's lower abdominal muscles grasp my penis tighter and ripples up and down my penis. Then I too filled her warm cunt with my fluid and collapsed on to her chest letting her legs drop. Claire now had locked her legs around my waist holding me inside of her.
