 Alex went and washed his face and then anointed his well-used member with the special lotion and returned to his chair. Dr. Smith disembodied voice asked, "Are you ready?"

He nodded. He was and he wasn't. The thing with Jane would normally be something he would muse about for a couple of days. But duty called.

This time the knock was firmer.

"Come."

"I certainly hope so."

The woman who strode in the door was certainly striking. She must have been close to six feet tall, heavy-set but firm. Wearing bright fabric of two or three patterns that flowed around her. A classy gold necklace and a couple of rings with the same stones. Curly dark hair that flew up away from her forehead and generous lips in a deep mahogany face with ruddy highlights.

She put her hands on her ample hips, glared at Alex with one eyebrow down and one eyebrow up and said,

"Huh! They promised me something different, and this is, yes, different."

Alex didn't know what to say; so he waited. 

"OK, so you can call me Honey. That's enough."

She walked over and mussed his hair, ran a graceful finger with gold nail polish down his jawline to the tip of his chin. Smiled.

"You're cute enough. Can I see your hand?"

"Sure, Honey, which one?"

"The one you beat off with, of course. You do beat off." It wasn't a question.

"I have," He smiled, offering his hand.

She took it and palpated the belly of his thumb.

"Mm hmm, you got it. So let's see it."

He unwrapped.

"Well, now. I was hoping for a little more than that."

"I understand that that can be arranged; although I do not know how much more yet."

"You're funny. I don't know a man doesn't know his own johnson."

"Still. It's the truth. This is the experiment we are here to explore, and you are the first explorer. So do you want to pump it up, or should I? And you need to tell me just what you would like me to do with it."

"Hmm, I like you. You are a cooperative little son of a bitch. Okay. Let's get it on."

She shed her full outfit with amazing speed and stood in nothing but a raspberry thong that made a pretty triangle between massive thighs that tapered to beautiful slim ankles. Her breasts bounced a little as she freed them to sit large and firm and high on her chest. Each had a wide purple cone. She turned, revealing a very large, very round set of buttocks. She slapped the right one hard.

"This is what I need you to fuck. Here's what you are going to do and what I am going to do: You are going to stay right there in that chair of yours. I am going to present this ample bootie to you. You may not slap it the way I just did until I ask you, and I very well may ask you. Now I am going to lower my coochie slowly onto that weapon of yours. At first I want you to do nothing; just keep that pink baby sliding in. Now, if, as you say, you can give me bigger, then I will ask you for it. I will say 'more' and you do your best to give me more." 

He did as he was told. Honey turned her back to him and lowered those magnificent cheeks just above his lap. His knob pushed against the plump lips and fine curls.

"Put a little spit on it, dear."

He did and it slipped right into her hot spot.

"Mmm. That's OK, but it's not great, though I do like the way that little hook of yours is rubbing and scrubbing. I can feel that in my ass. Let me groove on that for a while."

Alex had no problem with that. He was looking at a magnificent pair of moons just bouncing and dancing on his rod. Honey's head was rocking to a beat only she could hear. Her long neck and beautiful bronze back twisted and turned revealing her lovely melons peeking first on one side and then the other. Honey looked over her shoulder.

"Baby, you got a little more? You said you might, and I could do with a deeper drilling about now. Please?"

Alex reached under his sack and gave a push. Right away he could feel his shaft swell.

"Oh, yes! Now that is more like it!" Honey purred. She started grinding her pussy down onto his rod and he just let her do it. The swelling seemed to make him a bit more sensitive and he felt himself moving toward letting go.

"Baby, I gotta turn around now. I want to feel all of that rub on my magic spot."

In a dancer's move, she raised one of her magnificent thighs over him and spun around on one foot. There was a sheen of sweat between her great breasts and along her upper lip. Her purple nipples were very long and hard. She settled in on top of him, thighs over the arms of the armchair. She rocked for a few minutes, her strong hands clasping his waist so that she didn't fall over backward.

"Boy, you are fine, really quite fine, and I am so happy you are just holding it in for me so I can get all the feeling I need. Oh, yes, it is coming on now. Yes indeed, I feel it. But, baby I want just a little more if you got it. You think we can go for it?"

Alex nodded. He couldn't do much else; although his hands did their best to cup her great breasts and he thumbed the stiff nipples.

"Please let me do it this time," Honey pleaded, her cheeks flushed and mouth panting. She lifted off him just enough to slide her hand down under his balls, now well anointed with her syrup. Her fingers found their target and she pushed. He felt the head of his cock swell again and push deep. Honey's eyes turned up in her head and she froze, quivering; though her fingers stayed on her clit churning gently.

"Oh no, oh no, oh yes, yes that's got it. That's ... that's ... that's ...oh please suck my nipple now. That's right. Pull it deep in your mouth. Oh yes. Eat it. Yes. EAT IT!"

Alex sucked as much of that beautiful swollen aureola into his mouth as he could get; flicking the nipple this way and that with his tongue. He could hardly breathe with Honey's ample flesh smothering his face. But he didn't care. He could feel himself ram into her up to the hilt and yet she rode him hard; pulling out almost all the way and then crashing down on his now mammoth cock. He could feel the orgasm building in her, the powerful muscles of her vagina squeezing him like a hot hand. Again and again she plunged down on him, grinding when he was in all the way; yowling like a hungry cat in his ear. 

"Awwww. Awww. Awwwww shiiiiiiiii!" 

She came. She kept coming. She had her hands under his buttocks pulling him as tight to her as she could get. her thick breasts surrounded his face. Finally the bucking became shudders and the shudders quivers. 

She seemed to pass out in his arms. In that sleeping pose, for the first time, she seemed kind of small and sweet. He couldn't believe the transformation.

Inside her his erection was as large as ever. Perhaps he had come. He couldn't be sure. He suspected that when she woke she would be ready to go all over again. Women needed no potion to perform multiple times.

The door creaked open and a small group of people who were dressed like hospital orderlies entered with a low rolling bed. Dr. Smith followed them in. They gently lifted Honey off him and laid her on the gurney. She waved to him with a dreamy little smile as she rolled away, mouthing "Thank you."

Alex took a long swill of raspberry flavored soda and tried to relax a bit. He was embarrassed by his huge moist cock and moved to cover it and squeeze it back to normal size all at the same time. But Dr. Smith charged forward.

"Stop!"

Alex froze.

"I need to take a measurement."

Dr. Smith pulled her tape measure from her pocket. 

"Oh my! This is quite remarkable. We have not seen anyone with such a difference in ratio. More than double. That's a new first.

Although she was very clinical about it, as she gently took the tip of his penis in her hand he almost ejaculated. She was looking over his organ very carefully. He let out a little groan.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Are you sore? Of course you must be. Let me get the ointment."

She squeezed a generous glob of clear gel from the white tube and rapidly began to dab at some red spots just below the cap.

Alex moaned again.

"Oh, now I've hurt you again. Perhaps you would care to apply it yourself?"

Alex shook his head and tightened his belly muscles. He did want to be professional.

"That's OK. You're the doctor. I'm sure you know best how to apply ... But, I wondered, I am so big, and so hard, still. I wondered if I could, like, shrink it, down again."

"Oh, of course. No, but wait. I wanted, just for the record to see if this is the maximum penile length and girth. Do you mind?"

Alex shook his head. He wanted to believe that this was all very technical, but Dr. Smith seemed to be getting just a little bit "dreamy eyed". He couldn't be sure. But he was sure that her touch was bothering him, but not in the way she thought.

"May I press your 'spot', please."

"Uh, sure."

She very gently pressed his perineum and his cock expanded another inch, then two.

"You should sort of 'hear/feel' a little squeak when it reaches maximum."

She pressed again. Larger. A bit more purple. No squeak. Again. Longer. He could feel her breath on his glans as she took another measurement. He could hold it no longer. 

"Oh, god!"

A few creamy CCs of jizz leaped out and landed on the corner of Dr. Smith's mouth. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry. I was really trying to hold ... but ..."

"Forget about it. Professional hazard. Let's continue right away with the experiment. Let's let ..." She examined her clipboard. "...Ginny be your next subject. She is physically the opposite of Honey and we can see if the 'added compression' of her more modest features will take you to final release and reduction. No need for this girth with her. And be gentle. She is young and inexperienced.

All this talk had chilled Alex's ardor a bit, though his dick was still huge and rock hard.

"So can we shrink it now?"

"Oh, Im sorry. Of course."

Dr. Smith grabbed his penis at the base and began to squeeze with a regular rhythm. Which did have the effect of shrinking it, but also of exciting it, so that another dollop of cream landed on the good doctor's hands.

She smiled politely.

"Perhaps you can finish the decompression yourself."

Alex was afraid that she was angry, but as she walked away he could have sworn her tongue swiped the corner of her mouth and she murmured, "Yes, raspberry."

Link to chapter 1 is in my profile.

Comments welcome.