 The Experiment Ch. 03: Ginny

He must have dozed off, for when he woke there was a pixie sitting in lotus position on the footstool. She could have been asleep herself. Her eyes were closed and her hands rested on her knees, palms up , thumb and forefinger touching. She was taking very long breaths in and out. She seemed calm, but every so often she shivered. Alex was concerned. She looked so young and vulnerable. He knew that none of his partners was younger than twenty, but she looked younger: very slim, tiny, with only a perky little bosom, very slim legs and hips; pale skin. A moist cherub's mouth. Very long eyelashes and gentle blond curls that seemed to float around her head. Altogether angelic.

"Are you OK?"

He wanted to give her the option to forget the whole thing if she wanted.

Her eyes blinked open and they were huge and very clear and very blue.

"I'm a little scared."

"You don't have to do this if you don't want to. You're in charge."

She thought for a moment, hardly moving.

"I am, aren't I? But I'm afraid, just a little afraid of ... disappointing you, and them."

She shifted into a more comfortable position, pulling one knee tight to her chest and resting her knee on it. If she was nervous, she was not self-conscious about her body. The silky kimono that she was wearing had parted to reveal one thick puffy nipple, and a tapering thigh, ivory becoming a pale yellow where it met a small bunch of blond curls above plump pouting pink sex lips.

Alex tried to keep his eyes on her eyes.

"How could I, ... we, be disappointed?"

"Well, I volunteered because I thought it would, like, help me, see, because I'm getting married, and, ooh, well, I haven't really done, much, like in the sexual department, but I wanted my boyfriend, fiancé not to be ... right, disappointed when we actually do it, for real, because, we haven't. I mean he has had his fingers in me and I love when he sucks my nips, and he shows me how to, like get him off with my hand, and even my mouth, some, though it went on my chin and I know he wanted me to ... oh, never mind. TMI."

"Not at all. S'okay. Talking is good." 

Alex sipped his raspberry seltzer.

Ginny sat a minute tapping her fingers on her knee.

"Yes. I think we need to do it now. Before I chicken out."

Alex needed to ask.

"Couple of questions, OK?"

She nodded, seriously.

"All this is OK with your ... future husband?"

Ginny blushed a little.

"Well, he doesn't really know, like know, all about it. But, see, he has never been able to, like 'get me off', so I said I was going to go to this 'therapist' that would guarantee that everything is fine on our, like, wedding night."

"O ... K. So that means you are a virgin?"

"Well, sort of ..."

Alex gave her a look.

"See, if 'virgin' means like having a guys dick right in you, then, yeah, I guess I'm a 'virgin'. But we fooled around a lot and I have, like a couple of toys and I have put them ... pretty deep in me, so no, not a 'virgin' that way and, the main thing, I never got an O."

"No orgasm by yourself, or with him?"

"Both or rather neither. And I've tried, believe me. And he's getting frustrated, and I'm getting frustrated ...So, do you think, maybe ..."

"I'll try, too."

"Okay, so what d'you wanna do?" Big question in those big blue eyes.

"It's actually your game."

"So it's not just about banging me until I come?"

"If that's what you think will do it."

Ginny sat and thought for quite a while chewing her plump lower lip. Unconsciously, she brushed with one hand against her nipple. The other fiddled with her pubic hair. Alex was getting seriously turned on.

"Here's an idea." He offered. "Why don't we start with you on top? That way you can get just the feeling you want, and then maybe we can switch to other positions and see if you prefer any of those. Then, when you are with your guy, you can tell him what you like best. Deal?"

Ginny smiled, showing two beautiful dimples.

"Sounds like a plan."

She leaped up gave him a hug and threw herself onto the bed, bouncing around and giggling.

"This could be fun!"

Alex took another sip of soda and then stretched out on the bed beside her, trying to hide his erect rod until the last minute.

Ginny was still grinning.

"Wow, we're actually going to do it. How shall I start?"

"Well, it's up to you, but I'd like it if you would kneel facing me to start. Is that okay? Do you need any lube?"

Ginny reached a finger under her lower curls, stirred for a moment and brought it out, glistening.

"Nope, looks like I'm already kind of wet. Let's do this thing."

She straddled his legs, feather-light, her soft hair in a halo around her face above him. She still wore her kimono, but it was open, and he gazed down her body, from the sweet arch of her tiny neck, to her spritely nipples, now beginning to get tight and perky, past a lean belly where she wore a tiny ruby pin in her belly button, to the delicate points of her hipbones.

"Okay, here goes."

She positioned her soft muff just above his cock, which stood obediently upright, waiting for her. Alex let her do the positioning. She took it firmly in one tiny hand and held his knob just below her lips, glistening as she spread them. The target opening seemed no larger than a pencil eraser. Could she really take him in?

"You're big."

"I could be bigger."

"No, that's okay. My toy is thinner than you and it fills me pretty good.

"Take it slow."

"Oh, I will."

She was leaning over him now, her nips pointing at his belly, her face darkened under the canopy of her hair, her mouth open, lower lip shiny, which she took in her teeth as she began to push him into her. Alex realized he was holding his breath. His 'fireman's helmet,' already a bit sore from his former partners, was squeezed by this tight opening. He could feel cum building up in his balls. But he resisted the urge to grab those fine hips and drag them down onto his cock. Ginny was panting a little bit.

"Easy does it."

"Oh, yeah."

There was a little 'pop', and the head was inside.

"Ooh!" She shuddered and started blowing out little breaths. Slowly, she slid him farther in until it was about half way.. Then, just as gradually, she lifted up until the edge of his "helmet" tugged at the rim of her tight opening. Then just as slowly, down again to the same spot and a little beyond. This was tantalizing to Alex.

"Does it hurt?" He murmured.

Ginny shook her head and her ass shook a little, too. Tantalizing.

"Nuh uh. Not 'hurt' hurt. Just sort of ... Oh my!"

She had come down on him again and this time he could feel something inside her flutter. Once more, up, and then down. It was so subtle, so delicate and tight, so different from anything Alex had ever felt. He had his hands on her waist and he could feel every quiver, every shudder in the muscles of her legs, every clench of her small buttocks, every breath she took. She came down on him firmly and he almost came.

"Ooh yes that that's nice. That's so good. I want to get it. Yeah. I need. I need. Uh huh. Here it comes. I can feel it building up. Oh, I want more. Yeah, good. Now faster, yuh, good. Yeah, keep going like that. Now. Now! Damn!"

She hit him, just lightly with her little fist where her hand rested on his chest. 

"What?"

"I don't know. I sort of lost it. It was so good and then. Well, it's nice, but I need ... Hey, can I turn around facing the other way?"

Alex's ardor had cooled just a touch, but he was still hot, feeling his dick held tight inside her.

"Sure," he panted. "It's your ball game."

Ginny lifted up on him and spun around with her firm little ass facing him. He almost came. This time she hunkered over him, a foot firmly on either side of his thighs.

"I'm going to do this," she half growled, half whispered.

Now she was just a bit more slippery, so she began pumping up and down with more energy. She was beginning to make Alex crazy because, even though she was so tight, she was so careful. One two, one two, up down, up down.

"Ah, hmm, ah, hmm, ah, hmm, ah, hmm."

Finally, Alex could stand it no longer. He firmly grabbed the cute cheeks in front of him and dragged them down on his cock. Ginny squeaked as he thrust in deep. Once, twice, three times.

"Oh yes, oh yes ... oh no!"

She stopped again, shuddering. Alex's balls were beginning to ache, but he couldn't let go when she was like this. Ginny spun around again.

"I can't do it looking at your feet."

She sat there a minute staring at him, shaking her head.

"I don't get it. What am I ... what are we doing wrong? I tickle myself just the way the girls do in the pornos. They get off. Why can't I get off? It isn't you. You're cute enough. Your dick is really nice. It feels good. It just doesn't feel ... "

If Alex hadn't been using the 'magic patch' he very well would have been wilted by this talking. But his cock was still full and firm and deep inside Ginny. Alex closed his eyes and thought for a minute. He had an idea.

"Ginny, do you want to go home and fuck your boyfriend? Maybe the problem is that you don't love me and you are feeling guilty about "losing your cherry" to some stranger, and ..."

Ginny squirmed and Alex's ball ached. 

"No."

"No, what?"

"No, I don't want to go running back to my fiancé and tell him he has to make me come. No. That's not the point."

Without thinking about it, she had started to ride him gently again. But he could tell she was thinking about what she was saying and not what she was doing.

"Yes. I want to come right here, because, I'm sorry, I want to know I can get it when I want to. It doesn't take some guy to make it happen."She was beginning to grind him now, moving in little circles and he could tell she was getting excited again, because he was touching every inch of her insides. Little frown lines had appeared between her brows. Her pale cheeks and neck were being mottled with a raspberry flush. She was panting.

Alex didn't care any more whether he was 'paying attention to the desires of the subject'.

"Okay, Ginny, if that's the way you feel, I want you to fuck me, fuck me hard until you are out of your fucking mind, and I am going to fuck you too, and I don't care any more if you are a fucking virgin or even if it hurts some because ... "

"Oh, shut the fuck up!" She moaned and clamped her mouth down on his. 

With each thrust he felt the hot breath from her nostrils on his upper lip.Alex had never fucked away at anyone that fast. He was a motorcycle piston going a hundred miles an hour, and Ginny matched him stroke for stroke, a true two cycle engine. But just at the peak of speed he heard her wail, "Oh no!" and freeze.

But Alex was having none of that. He grabbed both her buttocks with one hand, clamped her to him and flipped her over so he was on top. 

"Oh. No. You. Don't!" He growled. "I. Am. Getting. Mine."

He pumped into her once. Twice. Three times. And then he let go. And he fucking emptied the tank. His jizz was hot, and it poured and poured out of him and he could feel it fill her up, and he could feel her feel it, her eyes wide, her mouth wide, her vagina pulsing, and then she came.

He had never seen anything like it. Every inch of her body was animated, from the tips of her damp hair that flayed left and right against the pillow, eyes rolled up in her head, nose running, mouth open and full of liquid, arms and hands fluttering out of control, belly jerking again and again as her pelvis crushed against his and her legs and feet curled around him, pulling him as tight as she could get. He was almost frightened to see it, except for the amazing smile that soon appeared as she shuddered and popped, until, finally she lay there quietly panting.

"Uh, I think I got it."

"Uh, I'm sure you did."

"Can we turn over again? If you fall asleep on me I'm afraid you will smother me."

He repeated his earlier maneuver in the opposite direction, except that now her cute ass was well anointed with his abundant juices and some of her own.

She napped for a bit on his chest. It was sweet. Before she dozed she whispered, "You're still hard. That's so funny. Still, that's so good."

He barely dozed himself. There was something about having a rock hard cock still up inside a beautiful woman he had just brought to quaking orgasm. The whole crazy experiment. After this, what kind of sex could ever be ... Ginny stirred and he felt her vagina squeezing him. He wanted ... something to drink. He was so thirsty and tried to reach for some of his soda. It was just beyond his fingertips. But his movement had wakened Ginny. She saw what he was doing.

"Are you thirsty?" 

"Uh huh."

"Me, too. Can we share?"

"Sure."

She reached across, revealing one of her plump puffins. He couldn't help himself. He surrounded it with his mouth. Ginny let out a little moan and her cunt squeezed him tighter, causing him to thrust up into her. The drink spilled on his face.

"One thing at a time," She giggled.

She tried to carefully feed him the drink, sip by sip, but she had discovered an itch that she now knew how to scratch. Alex let her know how he was feeling.

"So I take it that even after all that you are not completely done. Okay with me. I also need to find out what will naturally return me to a relaxed condition. But, now you know you can get yours. What do you need...?"

"I need to know if it is just that position. Am I stuck with missionary? You saw, I couldn't get it on top. So I want to try something else. I want you to do me doggy."

"I could do that. Are you ready?"

"Yup. After more juice." 

She drank his glass empty. Alex filled it and drank it off again.

He positioned her on her hands and knees, but facing one side of the bed. A bit of his cream still trickled between her lower lips, which glowed a ruddy pink. He thought she might have relaxed a bit inside, but when he entered her, despite the added lubrication, it was tight much like before. 

He grabbed her slender hips and began chugging away.

"Faster, please."

He picked up the pace.

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, OH. Yes, I ... can feel ... it ... building ...up. Oh, that ... is SO nice. Keep ... doing ... that. Keep ... doing ...that. Faster ...please. Yes ...deeper ... please. I'm close. PLEASE. I'm close. Oh ... oh ... oh, damn!"

Ginny froze again, her ass wobbling a bit from side to side, as though searching for that special lost tickle.

"Please. I need it. What did you do ... before? It was different. It was more ..."

Alex knew what it was, and amazingly, he was ready and able to give it to her.

"Ginny?"

"Yes?"

"I think you need to remember something the next time you fuck your fiancé. You can't phone it in. You need to fuck him and fuck him hard. Unless he is ready and you are ready, you won't get it. So are you ready to fuck me?"

"Yuh, I think so."

"You think so? I think I need to spank you just a little for pretending."

"But ... but I wasn't pretending."

"I think you were."

"Maybe just a little. I didn't know."

"You knew. You just didn't try."

He gave her right butt cheek a little swat. He could feel her cunt clench around his cock. Waited. She wiggled her ass.

"You're right. I was bad."

"Yes, you were bad." He gave the other cheek a swat. Behind him he heard the door open. Dr. Smith stood in the door crack a finger raised in caution. He gave her the OK sign, but she didn't leave.

"I'm sorry." Ginny mewed in a small voice."That's alright. You did your best before. But do you think you need a little reminder so you won't forget next time?"

"Yes." She wiggled her bottom again and his balls tightened up.

"How many swats?""Maybe ...maybe ...five, no, six."

"Six it is." He alternated butt cheeks and he alternated and swats with thrusts. Each time he pushed, she pushed back.

"One." Thrust. "Two." Thrust. Count with me." "Three" Thrust.

"Three."

"Four." Thrust.

"Four."

"Five." Thrust.

"Five! Oh!"

"Six!" Thrust.

"SIX! Oh, yes, please. Fuck me! Fuck me as hard as you can. SHOVE it in there. Yes! You see, I'm a good girl. I'm a very GOOD girl. I promise I will fuck with all my might. Yes, I will get it, but I need, I need, I need. PLEASE, put it in me. Oh, NOW!"

Her hips were high but she dropped her shoulders to the bed and turned her face to Alex. There was amazing hungry pleading in her eyes."Please don't make me wait. PLEASE."

He didn't. Clasping her hips hard to him, he drove in as deep as he could. Her tight pussy sucked at him, begging as strongly as her mouth.

He let go; and again the lot liquor poured into her. She reached back and took his hands. Then her legs started bouncing, her hips flipping like a cat in heat.

"Oooooooooooooh shiiiiiiiiiiit!"

Her hips swayed and shuddered and ground back against him and he spurted again and the whole cycle started over again.

Twice more he groaned an aftershock of hot jizz into her and twice more her body flopped like a fish. Her cunt pulsed until her sex mouth had sucked him dry. 

She collapsed forward onto the bed and Alex, weak from giving his all in a standing position collapsed beside her; his stiff member crushed into the mattress. He blanked out for a bit, but before his eyes closed he noticed that Dr. Smith was still in the room, legs crossed and clutching her clipboard to her chest with a curious, sweaty expression.

When he came to someone was trying to lift his leg off Ginny and the orderlies were getting ready to pick her up and put her on the gurney. But he signaled Dr. Smith to him.

"Dr. Smith," He whispered. "Ginny seems satisfied, but I think she definitely is not, and there is a little experiment inside the experiment I need to do. No, that's not it.. No more spanking. But if you could bring her her toys, or a reasonable facsimile, I promise you it will shed light on her orgasmic state."

"But this is also supposed to test you. Masturbation on her part won't ..."

"Oh, I assure you, it will. Please indulge me. I am still tumescent."

When Ginny woke again many minutes later Alex was kneeling beside her."Roll over on your back, okay? If you are still willing to try something. Or are you done?"

"No. Yes, sure, are you going to fuck me again missionary, or some other way I maybe don't know? I think I'm getting the hang of this orgasm business."

"I could, but I don't think I will. I'd like to try a little extra experiment. Don't worry. It should be fun."

Alex handed Ginny a thick black dildo and a small Pocket Rocket®.

"They got these for you. I'd like you to use them. However you think will get you off."

Ginny was looking confused, and a bit like she wanted to cry. She tilted her chin toward his dick.

"But you were making me feel so good. And you got me off like I never did even with these things. Why do you want me to ...? Is it some kind of kinky thing you have to see, because, okay, if you have to so you can ... only you didn't have any trouble before, so couldn't you just, put it in me again and see ... I mean, it felt so amazing...?"

Alex gently stroked her left breast and the nipple began to pucker."I'm sorry, Ginny, I didn't mean to make you feel that I rejected you. It's just that I wanted to test something. I don't want to tell you what it is yet. But I'm going to stay right here and watch you, and you can watch me, and I am going to jack off and I hope you can jill yourself, too, and maybe we can come at the same time. And if that doesn't work, I promise I'll do you again.""Okay, sure. That could be fun. Only I like to have the lights lower when I ..."

The lights in the room dimmed.

"Wow, okay, and I usually put on the second Adele album ..."

There was a slight pause and then the music began to play.

"Cool. And I usually put some warming gel on my black 'friend' here, although I am pretty warmed up and don't really need it ...."
