 The guard was nowhere to be seen as she entered the bedroom. Strange, she thought, before she heard the door being slammed hard behind her. Quickly, she turned around but was gripped by a powerful set of arms and hoisted into the air.

"Where have you been?" Connor growled at her, while looking her over thoroughly to check for injuries.

"I went for a walk," she answered in her most relaxed voice.

"A walk? Don't you know it's dangerous out there," he practically yelled at her.

"I know now," Teri replied with an irony. "The healer was kind enough to explain the dangers to me, when others had neglected to," she glared at him to pronounce who the culprit could possibly be.

"I was so worried about you," he said while releasing her and starting to parade back and forth in front of her. "Where have you been all day? I've searched all over the city for you."

"No need to worry," she said. "I've just been to see the healer and we've had a long chat."

"A chat?"

"Women-talk," Teri explained.

"About what?"

"About what this culture is like and why there are so few women around, and why you treat them all like prisoners. In fact, I think you would be better off by teaching the women some self defence and give them some weapons to protect themselves with."

"Really?"

"Yes, and I intend to do something about it as well. I want to start a women's group, where we can meet and exchange ideas about improving this society. I think this whole culture could definitely use a face-lift."

"Really?" Connor repeated himself, looking heatedly at her, before continuing. "And what would you like to change in this women's movement of yours?"

"Well, first I want woman to be treated as equals to men, not as their cattle." Connor just raised one eyebrow at her statement, but said nothing. "Then, I want to give women an occupation. To give them something to broaden their minds beyond nursing children and being sex slaves to the men.

"And what is wrong with that?" Connor said with an affronted expression. "Women have tended to children and men for centuries. It works really well."

"No, it doesn't. Perhaps they accept it simply because they don't know of anything better, but I refuse to live such a life."

"Oh, I seem to remember that you didn't complain too loudly about my lovemaking yesterday," Connor said smugly. "In fact you seemed to thrive on being a sex-slave then. I particularly remember one incident where you were sitting on top of me and trying to take as much as possible of my cock inside of your body. And..."

"Oh, just stop it!" Teri interrupted him. Her face felt warm and her pulse had increased due to the images his memories had evoked in her mind. "That was the past. Now, I'm beginning a new resolution. No sex before I get my requests."

He just stared at her. "You can't be serious!" he said slowly.

"Oh, I'm very serious." She ticked off on her fingers as she spoke. "Number 1. I want to assemble a women's group. Number 2. I want a real occupation. And number 3. I want to take my own decisions about my welfare and safety. That means no guards appointed by you and no locking me in the bedroom."

"What? And no sex before I fulfil these wishes?" Connor asked icily.

"You're right. No sex. I'm going on a strike."

"A strike?"

"Yep, that's the word for it on earth."

"No wonder your earth people make war all the time," Connor said knowingly as Teri just glared at him. "Okay, I'll accept your terms, but just let me tell you this: You won't last a day without sex. I should know that by know. You're practically addicted to me, darling," he added with a wink.

"Don't flatter yourself."

Connor just laughed. "Just let me know when you surrender." He leaned forward and said with a heated voice, "I just love to hear you scream your pleasures as you tighten around my shaft." Then he picked her up and ripped the skin suit from her body before shoving her onto the bed.

"Hey!" was all Teri managed before he landed on top her, supporting his weight on his arms above her. "This is not part of the agreement," Teri complained, before giving his chest a hard shove. He didn't budge at all. Instead the heat from his body transferred onto hers and made her feel even hotter than before. The heat in his eyes added to the sensation and she felt herself drowning in the presence of this dominant male who was so much stronger than herself, but who could still touch her so softly. 

"Sure it is," Connor replied. "You said 'No sex'. You didn't say anything about touching or kissing," before bending down and massaging her breasts as he kissed her hard on the mouth.

"Stop...," she barely managed to say before his lips captured hers and he placed kiss after kiss on her lips, before stroking his tongue along her bottom lip. She shivered as her body melted to his touch. She kissed him back and stroked her hands across his shoulder.

He lifted his head. "So, how long can you last before you'll demand to be fucked again? I'll be happy to oblige you right now," he said smugly while rubbing his hardened cock slowly against her thigh.

The smugness in his tone felt like ice water in her veins and she wanted to kick herself for allowing him the upper hand once again and so easily. She could not afford to let him control her body, making her salivate just by the thought of his touch and become brainless just with a kiss from his lips. It was embarrassing to say the least that she could let herself go this easily. It had never happened before. She collected her straying thoughts again, before giving him a large shove. This time he budged and fell to the side on the bed.

"You have to do better than that," she lied to him, before quickly escaping the bed and his tempting presence. Realising her nudity, she grabbed the bedspread and draped it around her naked body. 

He leaned back on his elbow, following her every movement as she wandered around the room. "Looking for something?" he asked interestedly.

"My clothes," Teri replied. "You ruined the only skin suit I liked. You could at least have brought along more of my own clothes on this kidnapping."

"I prefer to give you some new ones," he said smilingly. Stroking his hand slowly across his chest and moving it down his body. His clothes were tight against his skin and she could easily make out his muscled chest through the light-coloured shirt he wore. Glancing downwards she stared at the large bulge in front of his pants. She had tried to avoid looking directly there, knowing she would have difficulty dragging her eyes away. 

The pants seemed to be tented to the utmost of their ability and it seemed they would snap any moment. That erection must be painful, Teri thought suddenly. No wonder he was so grumpy. Suddenly his hand came into view and he made a circling motion around his cock. Teri stared spellbound at his actions, and noticed the bulge growing even larger in his pants. Now he stroked directly at his cloth covering his cock and rubbed slowly up and down the hard shaft that was just waiting to be released from the tight pants. 

As he stroked his hand across the large crown on the top and made a deep groan, she stopped breathing. Her tongue darted out and she licked her lips just by the thought of him loosing his pants and her taking his large member into her mouth and sucking him off. The idea of giving a male head had never given her joy before, but with this man it felt absolutely necessary. As if she could not help herself from drowning into his touch, his body, his heat. 

"Want to join me?" he asked silkily before patting the bedspread beside him.

Teri just shook her head and collected the strength to turn away and to start thinking again. He was not human, she thought. No man has ever aroused her this much and so effortlessly. She shook her head as if clearing away all straying thoughts then remembered she needed a change of clothes. She walked to the closet, and looked through the fabrics. All the clothes were too big for her. They must be Connor's, she thought. 

"Where are my clothes?" Teri asked.

"I decided you didn't need any," Connor replied smilingly. "That way you won't go anywhere."

"I won't?" Teri dared him to answer. "I could walk around in this sheet all day long. People will think you too poor to dress your own mate," she said bitingly.

"Yes, I suppose that would not do." He seemed to be thinking about it for some time, before making a decision. Teri was not fooled. She was sure the creep had planned this entire conversation down to the tiniest detail. Such a bossy male would never left anything to chance. "You better try that bureau over there." He pointed to the bureau right next to the closet. 

Looking through the drawers, all she could find was a thin fabric that would barely cover a mouse. 

"Is this all?" she asked ironically. "You must have gotten the wrong size."

"Put it on," Connor suggested, lying completely relaxed on the large pillows. He had removed his shirt and now displayed a firm set of muscles betraying him for the soldier he was. Forcibly dragging her eyes away from him, she concentrated on the clothing again. It was more like a handkerchief to her mind. 

She held up the fabric and studied it closely. It resembled a tiny dress, with straps and a very short length. The fabric was so thin and soft she barely dared to touch it, afraid it would rip between her fingers. She would just love to wear something like this next to her skin, were it not for the transparent fabric. It would do well for underwear, but not as the only object between her and the world. She was not an exhibitionist. 

"If this is all your women are allowed to wear I can understand why they never venture outside. Even thinking about wearing this makes me freeze my butt off."

"Just try it on," Connor pleaded. "I can always get your butt warm again later on," he said temptingly.

She turned around and put on the fabric which turned out to be a small dress that barely covered her nipples and ended just beneath her bottom. She turned and watched herself in the mirror. It didn't look too bad, except that even a lingerie model would seem more covered than her. 

"Very nice," Connor purred behind her. "Come here and let me get a closer look."

"Not a chance," she huffed. "It lacks something."

"Like what?"

"Underwear? A bra and some panties would feel perfect," she said ironically while staring at her dark-haired mound and the tightened nipples that were visible through the thin fabric. The dress didn't cover any detail of her body. She could just as well be naked. 

"No way," Connor interjected. "This is just the way it is supposed to be worn. Although if you feel like it, I can shave your mound for you. Some of our young women like to do that." 

"Don't say all your women walk around like this? Do you guys actually enjoy letting other men stare at your mates? This outfit doesn't hide any details as much as I can tell."

"Its tradition," he said as if it was the most natural thing in the world. "Besides, the other males know they can only look, but not touch. But they like the look."

"I bet. Well, screw tradition," Teri intervened. "And get me some real clothes instead. I'm not walking around dressed as a slut." 

"Naw, I like that one," Connor said staring dreamingly at her nipples that were gradually becoming tighter.

"Well, then get me some more dresses so I can put them on top of each other."