 "Jason". I heard her whisper.

"Jason".

Once more I heard her.

"Jason" 

I opened my eyes, to see my alarm clock at 8:36 am. Not time to wake up yet. I closed my eyes to try and go back into total relaxation, and peace, yet... dammit... I'm already awake. I sit up in my bed, stretch, then put on some sweat pants and an old "Mickey mouse" t-shirt. I check my phone to see if anything has popped up over night. Of course nothing popped up. I rubbed my eyes, and went into the bathroom to put in my contacts. Once they were in, I stared back at the man in the mirror, and all he should've been by now. He should've gone to college after graduating, he should be at college studying Astrology, and creative writing, and he shouldn't be stuck here at his house. 

I go downstairs and find my parents are not in their usual place. I check outside the driveway to see both cars are gone. Looks like I'm alone today. I feel a tounge on my leg and look down to see my dog looking up at me.

"Hey girl, did Mom and dad forget to feed you again?" 

I go into the kitchen and pour my dog some of her food, before popping two waffles into the toaster. Once they're out, I put peanut butter on both of them, and press them together. I pour syrup on my peanut butter waffle sandwich to complete the best cooking creation I can do. 

I sit down at the table eating my food, and think about the whisper I heard in my sleep. I had never heard any girl who sounded like that. None of my exes, nor any of my family members. Yet the more I thought about the voice, the more it escaped me, as though my mind was keeping a secret from itself. My thoughts were interrupted by my dog's whine. I looked over at her and she was lying by her leash wanting to go for a walk. I smiled at her, then went upstairs to change.

After getting into some khaki shorts, and a sleeveless shirt, I started out of my room. Then I noticed something... two floating wisps like what you see on dandelions when you blow on them after making a wish. However no windows were opened so how could they get in here? I brushed it off, thinking they must've gotten in when my parents left. 

I got my dog on her leash and walked out my door to some very nice warm weather. It was that time of year where summer is ending, but fall hasn't just yet started, so it was the one time of the year where the weather was just perfect. We went down our usual trail that everyone used. Suddenly my dog was pulling in another direction. She wanted to go down the dirt trail to the forest. Keep in mind, this isn't a bad looking forest; it's actually very pleasant looking, and from my knowledge, nothing bad ever happened in there. Also sunlight was able to be seen in the forest and easy to navigate. The only thing to be weary of was some teenagers pulling pranks. 

Going into the forest I felt a sense of peace and ease I usually get when I'm in bed. No sounds of the modern world were in this place, just the sounds of nature. I felt very happy in this place. Throughout the forest, I could see dandelion wisps floating over and around me, like they enjoyed my presence. However this was short-lived as they picked up pace, and suddenly it was very hard too see. My dog wasn't making it any easier by pulling on the leash. Finally I lost grip and she took off, most likely from fright. I ran to catch up to her but could barely see where I was going. It wasn't long before the white dandelions completely consumed my vision.

After a few minutes of wandering aimlessly, the dandelions lifted, and it was no surprise I had no idea where I was. I looked around and saw my dog resting on some sort of moss. I tried waking her up but she was fast asleep. I was about to call someone when I heard something.

"Hello Jason"

I looked around but saw no one there. I went back to fishing for my phone.

"Glad you came!"

I turned again, this time facing with a small human... a fairy if you will. All I saw was the outline of a human, surrounded in silver light. Soon the light shined and I shielded my eyes. Once the light died down, there facing me was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. She was just as tall as me, with silver hair and eyes that matched. She wore two white cloths that covered her breasts, and torso area. She was smiling at me, with her pure white teeth. 

"Glad to see you came to visit." She said to me.

I was too stunned to speak, until I realized my dog was still asleep. 

"What did you do to her?"

"Only made her sleep. She's fine dear."

I shook my head in disbelief. 

"This can't be happening" I said.

Without warning, she grabbed my head and kissed me. Her lips tasted like sugar, and cinnamon in one. She broke our 3 second kiss smiling.

"Does that feel real?"

I couldn't believe this... it was real; very real. I only stared at her before she kissed me again. As if almost on instinct, I kissed her back, wrapping my arms around her waist. She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply, as though we were long lost lovers. 

We kissed with so much passion, we fell to the ground rolling around and making out, feeling her smile as our lips kept meeting. She soon rolled over on top of me and removed my shirt and placed her hands on my chest, running her hands along it. 

"So toned" she whispered before kissing near my heart, then leaving a love mark on it. She smiled at her work, before returning to kiss me. She took off the cloth coveri her breasts, and allowed me to suck on them, with her moaning. She reached down to unbutton my pants and took them off too see my member already very hard. She smirked as she rose her pussy over it and slowly slid down, throwing her head back in pleasure, and ecstasy. She rode me better than anyone had ever rode me before. We stayed at that for a few moments before she leaned in my ear, asking for me to cum. I came inside her, and she moaned and lied down on my chest. 

We layed there for awhile before she pressed my forehead against mine. 

"Can't wait to do this again."

Before I could say anything, her lips pressed to mine, and soon everything went dark. I opened my eyes back in my own bed, in the clothes I had been when I had walked my dog. She was on the foot of the bed playing with her chew toy. I shook my head, thinking I may had dreamt the whole thing since I was so exhausted from walking my dog. 

I entered the bathroom, and splashed some cool water on my face. That's when I noticed a sting on my chest. I removed my shirt to find a giant hickey on the spot where my heart was, with some spots of silver around it; and they were shimmering.

*****

Thanks for reading! If you think I should continue the story let me know!