 1 

Adonis 

"God damn A," Kevin Rudolph spoke staring at two college black women passing by in the student cafeteria, "look at all that ass." 

Adonis Shephard turned to the women Kevin was staring at. There asses were big. All of a sudden Adonis started thinking of all the things he could do with that ass, but figured his bestfriend, Kevin beat him to it. 

"That ass is so big, if we were stuck in the dessert, and she died first, we would eat for weeks." 

Rude as it may sound Adonis laughed along with is friend. 

"Speaking of fine asses, here comes your dream girl right now," Kevin warned. 

Adonis turned to what Kevin was talking about catching Jessica Kane passing by holding her tray of food and talking to friends. 

Adonis turned back with a smirk. Adonis and Jessica used to date when they were in highschool. At first Adonis thought they were a match made in heaven, but then dumped him for some strange reason he can't remember. Now she was going out with some jock named, Billy Day. Adonis thought he would get over it with time, but for some reason he secretly still had strong feelings for her. He was just strong enough not to act on them. 

"Those days are over," Adonis lied, "I've moved on." 

Kevin knew better. "Yeah right, you say that now but I bet you still got feelings for her." 

"Whatever makes you happy," Adonis retorted. 

"Oh so you don't mind if I hit that?" Kevin asked rudely. 

Adonis was about to get at him for that remark, but remember he wasn't supposed to care. 

"Does that bother you," Kevin asked. 

Adonis calmed down after he knew where Kevin was getting at. "Bestfriends don't date other bestfriend's exes." 

Now it was Kevin's turn to smirk. "Riiiight." 

"Don't you have class in a few minutes?" Adonis asked really wanting to get away from his bestfriend. 

"Yeah but I'm going to skip it," Kevin answered, "I don't feel like history today." 

"But that is part of your responsibility getting ahead," Adonis excused. 

"I don't like going backwards only forward dude," Kevin answered. 

Adonis rolled his eyes. This was typical of Kevin to do what he wanted to do and not what he had to do. 

"Relax," Kevin said stuffing a pepperoni pizza in his mouth, "it's just one class." 

Adonis sat at the bench reading up on his homework from business management. He found the fresh air therapeutic. As he was studying he looked up to see the cheerleaders dancing and cheering while the Indiana Tigers were practicing their drills with their coach yelling at them to work harder. 

Adonis caught Jessica Kane in her sexy red cheerleading clothes. The thought of seeing her half naked had a strange effect on him. 

Among one of the football players was his bestfriend, Kevin Rudolph, hitting on two cheerleaders, Donna Hillberry and Tracey Atkins, when he should have been concentrating on the game. At least that's what it looked like yards away. 

After studying and practice was over, Adonis walked back to his dorm to find that Kevin was still out. Probably getting some from the women he was talking too. 

Adonis dropped everything and jumped into bed looking up at the ceiling. He took a deep breath and let it out. 

Adonis knew he should have been concentrating on his school work, but he couldn't help but think what it would be like to get laid for once. To feel the softness of a beautiful and naked woman who wanted him as badly as he wanted her. 

It seemed that Adonis was just dreaming. Fantasizing thoughts of women who wanted him for one thing and one thing only. 

Tired of women plaguing his mind, Adonis closed his eyes and before he knew it everything went black. 

Adonis opened his eyes and turned to the bed across from him. It was still empty. Then he looked at the clock to see it was eight pm. 

Sighing, Adonis got out of bed and decided to take an hour walk before the dorm closes completely. As he walked outside Adonis took a sniff of the clear fresh air. He forgot about the women he was thinking about earlier, he forgot about how pathetic he felt not able to get a woman, and he definitely forgot about feeling like a loser. 

The night was quiet which wasn't too unexpected since everyone should be home and cramming for tests by this hour. The trees were swaying with the wind. It sounded beautiful. 

Adonis walked a little further down the street with his hands in his pockets. Then he heard something from behind. He turned to see no one was there except the buildings on campus. 

Adonis figured the night must have been playing on his mind. He turned back and continued walking. 

Suddenly a light shined over Adonis. The light was so bright that Adonis had to cover his eyes to see. 

"Must've been a helicopter," Adonis thought as he continued staring up in the sky. 

But Adonis turned to his side and saw that everything around him was dark. Only the spot he was standing in was glowing bright as the sun. 

"The fuck?!" Was the last thing Adonis said before the giant ball of light got brighter. 

2 

Specimen 

Adonis felt something creamy dripping in his mouth as he began to wake. He looked up to see a red liquid falling in his mouth from the tan colored ceiling. 

As Adonis opened his eyes further he saw that the ceiling was close enough to his body. He realized that he was not lying in bed in his room neither was he in a dorm or on campus. Adonis reached out to touch the soft gel that was holding him captive in some sort of liquid coffin. 

Realizing that he was not in his dorm room or on campus, Adonis screamed in terror pushing the gel door upwards like it was made of rubber. 

"Someone, anyone, help me!" Adonis screamed as he tried to push up on the tan gel doorway. 

As he pushed up more liquid was sliding on his fingers and down his bare arms. He looked down at himself and saw that he was naked! 

"The fuck?!" Adonis screamed as he continued to push open the gel coffin that was trapping him. 

In a last ditch effort Adonis pushed further into the gel until his hands were connected to the liquid substance that was going down his body. 

Suddenly he felt the rubbery lid tear open like paper and Adonis felt a gust of air entering through his gel coffin. 

Taking his chance of freedom, Adonis reached further out of the trap he was in and took a deep breath from the foul smelling air. 

Crawling out of his gel coffin Adonis stood up naked, cold, and afraid. He looked around and did not recognized where he was at. 

The place was tan colored just like the coffin and it looked soft with tumor sized bubbles sticking out of the walls. 

"What the fuck?!" Adonis finally spoke after getting out of the trap he was in. 

Adonis slowly walked forward in what looked like a tan colored, murky, tunnel but carefully as he held himself trying to get warm from the chill. 

Why was he captured? What was this place they put him in? Why would anyone bring him here? So many questions and yet there was not a single soul in sight to answer them. 

"Hello?!" Adonis yelled as he continued to walk down the dark tunnel. "Is anyone here?!" 

All Adonis heard were echoes traveling down the tunnel. 

Adonis continued walking trying to find an entrance or if God allowed, an exit. But the tunnel looked big and long with the gel like walls looking moist and slimy. Adonis was starting to believe that whoever made this place and put him there was not human! 

"Hello?!" Adonis yelled again. "For the love of God can anyone hear me?!" 

Nothing. 

Adonis continued down the tunnel hoping and praying that there was a way out of this place. 

Suddenly Adonis felt something grab both his ankles and pulled them backwards making him fall flat on his face. Whatever it was that had a hold on him dragged him back deeper into the tunnel. Adonis tried to look up to see who had a hold of him, but the flashing lights of the walls kept blinding his view. 

Again everything went black. 

Adonis woke up again but this time he felt like he was on a rubber slab. But what horrified Adonis the most was staring up at faces that he did not recognized and did not look human. 

They were tan colored just like everything else. Even though Adonis was lying down he could tell they were much taller than they looked. They were bald with pitch black eyes and two slits on their stern faces. Adonis thought that how did they breathe. Adonis turned from side to side and saw their frail, bony, bodies. He also saw that they had four fingers on both hands. 

Adonis wanted to cry out but was afraid to in case they would do something drastic. 

One of the aliens reached over and with its four bony fingers forced Adonis's mouth open while the rest of them held him down. Adonis had no choice but to watch as one of them dangled some sort of dark blue ball with red strings attached to it. And the strings were moving! 

Adonis tried to struggle out of their grasp but despite how skinny and weak looking, they were very strong. Adonis screamed but all he could do was make muffling sounds since one of them were holding his mouth open. 

Adonis watched in horror as the dark blue ball of moving microscopic tentacles slowly lowered as if wanting him to feel the terror. When the ball finally entered his mouth, Adonis could feel the moist and sour taste of the organism. To make things worse, the living organism tickled his throat with its microscopic tentacles. Adonis couldn't scream because the ball filled up his mouth, but that was not the only thing Adonis felt. The tentacles reached down his throat as if it was trying to fit or slide inside. 

Adonis struggled feeling the pain of the organism forcing its way down his throat. As the creature finally entered into his body, Adonis finally lifted his head up and screamed. 

Adonis sat up in bed breathing hard and looking around. He wasn't covered by the tan colored, slimy, walls and he was not stuck in a tunnel. There were no aliens and he breathed in the fresh air in his dorm room. 

Relieved that it was just a dream, Adonis fell back on his bed sighing. 

"Just a dream," Adonis said looking up at the ceiling, "it was just a dream." 

Adonis turned to his left to see that Kevin's bed was still empty. Where did he go? Was he abducted too? The best case scenario was that he was spending the night with those cheerleaders. Or some woman who was naïve enough to fall for his charm. 

Adonis turned back to the ceiling and sighed again. "Just a dream," He repeated, "just a dream." 

3 

Delta Phi Delta 

"Yo A, guess what day it is?" Kevin Rudolph asked looking ecstatic. 

"What?" Adonis asked not really caring about Kevin's enthusiasm. 

"It's Friday bro," Kevin answered not understanding why Adonis seemed uninterested, "Delta Phi Delta are having a killer party tomorrow. The fraternity is hosting it and you know what that means?" 

"Enlightened me," Adonis asked. 

"Pussy central, that's what it means," Kevin answered, "all color, shape, and sizes are going to be there." Kevin could see that Adonis didn't seem enthused. "Yo man, are you alright?" 

"Yeah," Adonis answered even though he was lying, "just had trouble sleeping last night." 

"Man I hear ya," Kevin agreed. 

"Speaking of having trouble sleeping, where were you last night?" Adonis asked curious. 

A creepy smile formed on Kevin's face. "Dude if I told you I would have to kill you." 

Adonis rolled his eyes taking his word for it. 

"So are you going man?" Kevin asked hoping to hear the right answer. 

Adonis sighed again. "I don't know, I have a lot of studying to do for next week." 

"Oh come on man," Kevin begged, "do it for me will ya? And if you're not going to do it for me, do it for Jessica." 

Adonis gave Kevin a warning look. "Don't do that." 

"Do what? Bait you into having some fun? You really need to lighten up bro." 

"I'm just not in the mood," Adonis said trying to reach around to rub his aching back. 

"What, what's wrong?" Kevin asked truly concerned. 

"Oh nothing, it's just my back," Adonis answered. 

"It's hurting you that bad?" 

"I told you, I had trouble sleeping last night." Adonis repeated. 

"Have you tried stretching?" Kevin suggested. 

"Not yet but it's on the top of my list of things I need to do." 

"What you need is some good pussy," Kevin nastily suggested, "then someone would be lying on their back instead of you." 

Adonis looked at Kevin quizzically. "Is that all you think about?" 

Kevin looked like he was thinking about the question, then had an answer. "Yeah, pretty much." 

Kevin did a very good job persuading Adonis and making him agree to come with him to the party. 

Some of the men and women were half naked. Men dancing with their shirts off and women dancing but with their bras and short daisy duke pants. 

Adonis couldn't help but stare as he could see the shape of their breasts going up and down as the women danced. 

"Hey Kevin!" Billy Day greeted as he walked up to Kevin giving him a high five. 

"Billy, what's up bro?" 

"I see you brought a friend?" Billy asked turning to Adonis beside him. 

"Yeah, this is my friend Adonis," Kevin greeted. 

Billy reached out his hand. "Welcome to the party." 

Adonis shook his hand feeling uncomfortable. So far Billy had no clue who Adonis was or knew he had history with Jessica. 

"You guys want something to drink?" Billy asked politely. 

"A couple of beers," Kevin asked glancing at Adonis who nodded in approval. 

"Men after my own heart," Billy said with a satisfied smile. 

Adonis and Kevin followed Billy to a bucket filled with ice and cold Budlights. Billy took one beer and popped the top with his thumb handing it to Adonis. Then he took another beer and popped it with his thumb again and handed it to Kevin. 

"Cheers," Billy said lightly banging both of their beers together before taking a sip. Or in Billy and Kevin's case, chugging it down until both their bottles were half empty. 

"That's the good stuff," Billy said to himself letting the other two hear. "Well I'm going to find my girlfriend before I have to beat the shit out of the man who hits on her." 

With that said Adonis watched as Billy left to fulfill his promise. For some strange reason he felt lower now than before. 

"Hey man," Kevin spoke placing the palm of his hand on Adonis's shoulder, "fuck'em dude. There are plenty of chicks to go around." Kevin looked up to see what he was looking for. "Now if you excuse me, I got some flirting to do." With that said he too walked off leaving Adonis drinking alone. 

Throughout the whole night, Adonis was sitting on the couch almost finishing his beer and sitting next to two couples making out. Matter of fact he was seeing a lot of that all night. 

Adonis sighed. While everyone else was having a good time, Adonis sat there bored. 

Maybe Kevin was right. He had to get out there and do something or he was going to drive himself crazy. 

Adonis got up from the couch and walked in the middle of the crowd. One thing he learned from Kevin is that he was a free minded person. He would dance by himself for a while and when he spotted a hot chick dancing or by herself, he would walk over there disguising his movements with dancing and suddenly end up grinding on the girl. And the amazing thing is she would move along with him with the music. Adonis didn't know if it was because Kevin was a good dancer or what. All he knew is that somehow he was getting the women and strangely wasn't teaching him. 

And there was another thing. Adonis could not stop thinking about Jessica Kane. Her combination of blonde and brunette hair flowing down her shoulders. Her almond colored eyes he couldn't stop staring at. The lips, God how he wanted to kiss those lips. 

But now she was with Billy Day and much as he wanted to go over there and kidnap her, Adonis was not that kind of guy. 

Adonis walked in the middle of the floor and started dancing. Though in his mind he was not doing the best job like Kevin did. 

Adonis saw a pretty, brunette haired, woman and decided to dance over and grind on her. But when he got close, the brunette woman spotted him and raised up her hands shaking her head. Adonis couldn't read lips but he saw her mouth shaped in a big, "O", which meant she was saying, "No", to his advances. 

That there was enough to drain Adonis as he went back to the sofa where the couple was still making out and sat down. To make matters worse, Adonis caught Jessica with her back up against Billy while he was grinding on her. Even though they had their clothes on, it looked very explicit. 

Adonis was feeling bad to worse. It was like God was punishing him for some sin he committed and this was his hell. 

All of sudden Adonis felt a sharp pain in his back that made him bend over crying. "What the fuck?!" 

Though the students at the party seemed too busy to pay attention, Adonis did not want to risk of someone spotting him in pain. 

He needed to go back on campus to the drug store and get some pain relief medicine. 

Adonis jumped off the sofa slightly bending over as he felt the pain in his back getting worse. 

"Son of a bitch?!" Adonis yelled but not loud enough over the music for everyone to hear. 

Adonis ran out of the party and around the side of the two storied house where the music was drowned out. Adonis fell to his hands and knees feeling the excruciating pain getting more intense. 

"Excuse me," Adonis looked up at the person who noticed his pain, "are you alright?" 

It was the long dark haired, Donna Hillberry, and standing beside her worried was the blonde beauty, Tracey Atkins. Tracey was not as addicting like Jessica but she was close. 

"I think he needs a doctor?" Tracey assumed not letting her eyes off of Adonis. 

Adonis tried to breathe hoping that would calm the pain in his back, but it felt like he was making it worse. Then the pain took a different turn for the worse. Adonis thought he felt the spot that was causing all the pain in his back. But realized it this was not any ordinary back ache. Something was inside his body moving and crawling up his spinal cord! 

"The fuck?!" Adonis cried wondering what in the hell he was going to do now. He doubted that any doctor in the world never heard of this type of inhuman suffering like he was experiencing. Not even in the medical books. 

Adonis could feel the thing crawling up on the back of his neck and then screamed when his flesh began to tear. 

Donna and Tracey stepped back in fear not knowing what was happening to Adonis. 

Adonis felt something forcing its way out of his back. The pain began to calm and slowly go away. 

Adonis slowly stood back up relieved that the struggle was all over. But when he stared at the two women who were about to help, they stood staring blank face. Another confusing thing Adonis saw was the women had red light shining on them and they appeared to be staring at it. 

Adonis looked up where the women were staring at and saw a dark red eye hanging from the air. Hoping it wasn't the light that abducted him in the first place, Adonis moved to one side but the eye followed. 

"What the hell?!" Adonis spoke in a low tone as he tried to get away from the damn thing. 

But the eye kept following and was pointing at the hypnotized women. 

Adonis finally realized that the eye was not floating in mid-air, it was coming from his back! 

"Holy shit!" Adonis cried as he reached around to feel something slimy and solid at the same time. A long stem protruding from his back and his spinal cord was the root. 

Adonis didn't care if he couldn't walk again. He wanted to rip the thing out of his body once and for all. 

"Get this thing off me!" Adonis cried again. 
