 Alex, still groggy from his marathon bout with spinning Ginny, was a bit surprised to wake again to Dr. Smith, in surgical rubber gloves, conscientiously measuring his huge organ with her tape measure and chart. Shaking her head, she noted the stats on her clipboard, talking into a throat mic.

"Remarkable. Even larger than with Honey. I assumed that perhaps the tight vagina might trigger detumescence. However, this petite partner proved to have more than average vaginal capacity. But, at least anecdotally we have shown that there is no correspondence between a woman's stature and her vagina. Subject also seems to have superior stamina. Is this due to the test product or to his physiology? And as long as the subject remains hydrated then repeated ejaculation in a relatively short period of time is possible. Again, is this the individual or the substance, or some synthesis? Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were snoozing. I have been talking to myself."

Alex smiled.

"No problem. I kind of like hearing you think. So. What's next? Should I quit? Do you have the stats you need? And by the way, you owe me a coffee date, maybe two ...technically."

Dr. Smith smiled politely.

"We'll see. For now, let's stick to the study; although, as you well know, we have a new factor. Previously we were not collecting your ejaculate. Now it seems we should. I think a more complete study of the properties and effects of it can happen at a later date if you are agreeable. However, since we have had this unusual result with Ginny, and before we test you with another partner, perhaps we should collect a sample of this particular ejaculate. There could be something in the combination of the drink you had and your own particular chemistry, or it might be something in the fluids of the young woman. You were drinking the raspberry, correct?"

"That's right."

"Have a little more. This is a measured quantity."

"Now you want me to beat off, kind of like a sperm donation."

"Not. Yet. We should clean you thoroughly so that there is no residue from the previous young woman."

"So I should go shower, right?"

"Perhaps it will be best if I supervise and aid in that. I would like to make sure you are immaculate. You understand?"

"So, my penis is still huge and now I'm getting embarrassed. Can I reduce this damn thing? I don't want to knock over furniture or anything." "Very droll. But I would like you to maintain it as it is until it is cleaned. The previous time the reduction caused some expression of fluid and I'd like to capture all of the current sample. So, please follow me."

Alex did, and Dr. Smith led him into the restroom. He trapped his mammoth schlong against his belly with the tie of his robe. She had him stand in the shower while she hit him with the special spray head to toe from every angle. It was provocative and strange having this woman spraying his great dick and then scrubbing it with a washcloth and also scrubbing every inch of the rest of him, starting with his face.

"I don't understand a couple of things," Alex asked, catching his breath as she swathed his nipples. "Why my face and such? They are nowhere near my ...Oh that's nice, but why are you doing this? Couldn't one of the orderlies ...? Do that again, please. And, how do I put this? Please be as rough and clinical as you can, because you may get "results" sooner than you wish."

Dr. Smith continued cleaning him, down each leg, even between his toes, which was remarkably sensual, despite her 'clinical' touch and a bit of clear liquid oozed from the tip of his distended penis. Dr. Smith saw this, stopped for a moment, thinking. Then, in a move that stunned Alex, she copied Ginny and swiped up the drop with her finger, licked it off her finger, checked her watch, noted the action on her clipboard, and then went back to cleaning his ass, then his balls and penis. 

"Excuse me? What was that?"

"Oh, sorry. I saw that drop of ejaculate, reasoned that it probably has much the same chemistry of that which stimulated your partner Ginny. I wanted to test it on another subject quickly and decided that I might as well do it myself, since the chemistry seems to change with time. 'Freshness' seems to be critical."

"Ginny would be wetting her knickers about now. How do you feel?"

Dr. Smith stopped and seemed to be listening to her own body.

"The right question. Hmm. I would not say 'no effect at all', but clinically no more than might be caused by the effects of the testing environment."

"By that you mean that this "work" sometimes turns you on?"

Dr. Smith seemed to listen to her body again.

"Yes. Another good question. But since I have never officially monitored myself during this or previous experiments, I can't be absolutely sure."

"You've never had to change your underwear during or after these sessions?"

"Well, Mr. Dupree, you are the test subject, so let's stay focused. But you make a good point. It could be useful for me and members of my staff to wear monitors. Our physical and emotional state could skew our results. Now, if you will please follow me into the adjoining suite."

She opened the door on the far side of the restroom and they found themselves in a room that looked much like a gym, with aspects of a laboratory and a kinky sex play room. There were three beds that looked more like operating tables, though they clearly could adjust to have one or another part raised or lowered. There were ticking machines that could be monitoring his own motions. There was a hammock chair and various bars and racks attached to the wall with ropes, pulleys and cuffs. 

"This is our single individual testing room. This is where most of our previous work has taken place. So, if you will please seat yourself on that test bed I will reduce your erection."

"I can do it myself."

"I know you can, but I want to make sure we carefully gather any samples that might be available during that process. After that we will use the 'autostim' device, but frankly, it wasn't designed for a penis of this girth. So, let's begin."

She produced a beaker with a little baffle on the top to direct the cum into it if necessary. Then she began squeezing the base of Alex's swollen rod.

"It is not reducing as quickly as before. Perhaps this is because of a little 'tissue fatigue' or because it is engorged because of previous stimulation."

"Or current stimulation. You'd better have your cup ready."

"Yes, that too. Please restrain if you can. It will be more convenient to collect it all in one sample."

Alex took some deep breaths and clenched his ass. Still, a bit of cloudy liquid leaked out. Dr. Smith quickly scooped it up and went on squeezing. It took several minutes to get him to a reasonable size. Dr. Smith kept squeezing the base but there was no more reduction. Perhaps the opposite. 

She eyed his member critically.

"I suspect that there may be a temporary, or even a permanent change." She measured and entered the stats on her chart. "It has happened in previous subjects. Now if you will position yourself right here."

She pointed at two footpads in front of a device that combined electronic and mechanical features and had various deep rubber cups attached to it. There was something familiar about it from Alex's childhood. Then it hit him.

"Of course. A milking machine."

"Quite similar, yes. But with refinements. Now I am going to ask you to stand here. I know many men prefer to masturbate sitting or lying down; but we have discovered that this method is best for quick results. It allows, even encourages the individual to rock much in the way he would do during intercourse."

Alex dutifully took his position. Dr. Smith chose one of the cups; tried it on his penis; rejected it and found another that was a better fit. It was a purple material, not quite rubber, not plastic, with the feeling of skin, but not exactly human skin.  

"We are fortunate that you are already erect. Usually we have to calculate for the expansions."

Dr. Smith fitted a wide belt of the same material around his waist and drew another flap with a smaller cup under his testicles.

"Is this thing going to grab me by the nuts?"

"Well, not exactly grab you, but it has a specially designed flexing material, similar to that in the penile cup, but this is uniquely designed to gently massage the scrotum."

"Couldn't you just have a person do this? I mean, I'm not having sex in the other room with a machine."

"Yes. No, well you know that that experiment has another purpose, or purposes. This is best just for getting the semen or sperm. We have licenses being prepared for sperm banks. But we believe that by now you are "shooting blanks" as they say. We are more interested in the seminal fluid. Oh, so now I am going to insert a small device in your anus. This will provide the last bit of stimulation and ensure that you 'empty the tank.' This experience may be a bit stronger than previous ejaculations since we want to retrieve from both testicles. You know that you usually only 'shoot' from one at a time."

"Oh my goodness."

Alex twitched as Dr. Smith had swathed his asshole with a bit of warm gel and then slid a thick finger-sized semi-soft device fairly far into his bum.

"It needs to communicate with your prostate and stimulate your seminal vesicles."

She attached the rear flap to the waist belt with a thick thong that slid between his buttocks. He felt like a sumo wrestler with a garish purple 'diaper'.

"And we're ready. You see there are two comfortable grips at chest height. They adjust to where you need them. For instance, you can thrust fully upright or push them forward so the whole business is more in the 'mounting' position like most four legged animals. Are you ready?"

Alex nodded.

"Good. Now..."

She pushed a couple of buttons and turned a dial and the machine began a low hum that translated to a soft vibration in his nether regions. A touch of warm lubricant oozed around his penis. Not unpleasant.

"Now let the device do virtually all the work of stimulating you, but if you feel you need for visual and auditory stimulation you can put on this headgear. It will provide a 3D experience of the kind of erotic partner you most desire. Can I dial up any particular ...?"

Alex thought for a moment, but given the unusual situation he was not in the mood to watch a porno. Perhaps one of the volunteer partners would be willing ... but that was too complicated. He knew he wouldn't need much, just someone he could imagine he was fucking. They needn't even be undressed. In fact, clothed could even be better. "Dr. Smith, where will you be during this 'extraction'?"

"Well, usually I return to the control room while the subject ... I'm sorry, of course you need your privacy."

"Actually not. It would be ... helpful if you could remain in the room. I am a bit of a special case, right? I might need some ... adjustments ... or change my mind about the goggles. Yes, please stay."

"Fine. I can take a chair behind you here and if you have any requests ..."

"Thanks. While it would turn me on a little to have you looking at my ass, I'd rather have you over here where I can see you."

"Mr. Dupree, we really need to do this while your specimen is in its original state. But, ... of course. Where do you want me?"

"There's some space between this machine and the wall. Could you just stand right there? Maybe lean on the wall? That'll do it, I think." He smiled.

"Certainly. All right, I can do that. Let's begin. The device normally cycles through phases that will take the average man to climax in a few minutes, often less."

She turned from him as she programmed the device. He liked the few tendrils of dirty blonde hair that drifted onto her neck. Alex had not really had a chance to look at her closely before then. She was a slim person of, he guessed, about thirty-five from the fine lines at the corners of her eyes and the little smile creases at the corners of her mouth. Her lower lip was slightly puffy and her upper lip had a fine sculpted edge. Her eyes were a dark amber behind simple glasses, her hair a similar shade, straight and pulled into a decorative clip at the base of her neck. Small diamonds in her earlobes. He couldn't tell much about her figure; above average height, a pert bosom, buttocks that shifted when she walked. Yes, that was her secret weapon! She had an athletic ass that she kept well disguised in a simple straight skirt that stopped about three inches above the knee. Really nice feet in simple pumps.

"I'm curious. How is it controlled?"

"Well, we start the program with your basic specs and then it can be pretty automatic. If need be I manipulate it from the control booth, ... and I think we need to begin. You can also control some of the action with the handlebars. Right for intensity, left for speed."

"Can you put the clipboard down?"

"Why?"

"Just because."

She did.

"Can you hold it please."

"You need to wait?"

"No, hold the handle bars along with me. Put your hands on my hands..."

"What?"

"Just lay your hands on top of mine. Mirror my posture and please look me right in the eye."

Reluctantly, shaking her head, she did what he asked. This was new. He had never looked closely into a woman's eyes while he was having sex.

"Please don't look away."

She stood about three feet from him, her butt against the wall. The machine started sucking him. It felt good. Strange, but good. 

"Thanks, that's good, that's really good."

"I'm very pleased."

"Don't I wish."

"Excuse me."

"No problem."

The suction was speeding up some with ripples that moved all the way from the base of his cock to the tip. That was distracting enough, but there was also a very light caress, like being licked by a cat, from his taint up and around his balls. The 'butt plug' was a distraction, since it was unusual, but not unpleasant.

Alex pushed on the handlebars and they moved slowly forward and down, bringing him about a foot closer to Dr. Smith. He started pumping slowing and firmly. Dr. Smith was flustered. He could tell she wanted to note this change on her clipboard.

The machine was cranking up again and he could feel the tension building in his balls. Dr. Smith was trying to maintain her composure, but he could see that she was breathing faster and a fine line of sweat lined her upper lip and a shiny spot appeared on her chin. Her eyes were wider with a look almost of pain. She was trying not to, but she was beginning to rock with his rhythm. It was great. He stared hard into her eyes and didn't look away.

"Can you stop it, please?" 

She looked puzzled.

"Stop it, why? Are you in pain? Have you lost your erection?"

"No. It's just that I'd prefer if it wasn't on automatic any more." "Oh, you'd like to control it yourself. I can understand that. After all the ... you might need just the right ..."

She turned and flipped a couple of switches and the machine went dormant, just quietly humming a bit."

"Actually, I'd like you to control it, manually, that is, with the hand grips. With my help. If you don't mind?"

She looked at him with a puzzled expression, shook her head, shrugged and nodded.

"What should I ...?"

"Let's continue the way we were except this time I'd like you to have your hands on the grips and I will rest mine on yours or your arms, or perhaps your shoulders."

"Mr. Dupree, I'm willing to aid you in a way that will further the experiment, but I need to maintain my objectivity as much as possible, so I can understand the ... results. Okay?"

"Fine. As you suggested; this should only take a few minutes and they you can return to your more "objective" duties. Meanwhile, please humor me and be what my anthro professor called, I think, "a participant observer."

"Alright."

"Now please place your hands on the grips. Good. Thank you. Now I am going to put my hands on your shoulders, if you don't mind. And please meet my eyes again."

"O ...K, fine. Whatever you feel will be effective."

He was surprised when he felt the firm shoulders under her silk blouse. Clearly she spent some time in the gym.

"Thanks. Now I'll guide you as to the intensity and speed. Okay, so just a little now ...whoah, too much."

"Sorry, I forgot I was standing in reverse. How's that"

"Yeah, that's good. Just keep it like that for a little while. Uh huh ... uh huh. Now just a bit more on the intensity. I want to feel it squeeze ... whoah, that the speed."

"Oh, sorry, sorry. Backwards again. Is that better. Slower, right?"

"Ah, right."

"And a bit more intensity. Good?"

"Mmm, good. And ... and please, is your mic on? Good. For the record. You are sucking me long and slow. I can feel it like tight lips pulling from just above my balls all the way along the shaft until just at the edge of the head where there is a little tongue swirling all around the head and a flick across the opening. Then there's that tiny cat lick from my taint up over my balls, and and, now it is starting again. Just a little fullness in my ass. And it's building up inside my balls ... A little faster, please."

"What?" Her eyes, filled with moisture, regained focus.

"Faster please, now."

"Like that?"

"Yeah, like that. Squeeze it some more."

"You mean this?"

"Yes, but more."

"I can give you more."

"Give it to me."

Alex's breath was coming hard now, and he notice Dr. Smith was breathing with him.

"Yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... yeah. Oh yeah, I can feel it building... I'm going to start pumping now. Oh, yeah Stay with me."

"I'm with you. Go ahead and pump it now..."

"Yeah, tighter, faster ...give me more ..."

"Yes, here's more ..."

"Oh god, yeah. Yeah ... that's ... got ... it. I ... feel ... it ... coming."

"Let it come; I can take it."

"Can you take it all?"

"Yes! Give me all of it!"

Alex put his hand on the back of her neck and locked her to him. He must have toggled the broadcast feature of the mic because the sounds of their harsh breath filled the room.

"I'm gonna cum now! I'm gonna come big! Oh shit. Oh fucking shit!"

Their breaths were alternating now, his 'oh' and her 'ah'. 

Dr. Smiths eyes were wide and her whole body shook down to her feet every time he thrust. It was so so good he wanted to hold it, looking deep into her eyes through the fogged lenses of her glasses. Finally the machine had its way. It wanted to drink every drop of his semen and there was no reason to resist.

"Arrrrrrggggghhhh!" He growled right into her face and the roar echoed off the walls.

"Stay with me now. Stay with me. Awful close. God, I'm close. Oh, I'm fucking you. I'm fucking you hard. I'm jamming it in deep. I'm pushing up into you. I'm rubbing hard on your clit. Oh yeah, here it comes now. It's all for you. You are gonna get every juicy drop. You want my 'sample', doc? Here it is. I'm going to pour it deep into your fucking cunt. Open your mouth now. Can you feel my tongue? Can you feel my huge cock?

"Yes! Take it! Take it ALL!"

Load after hot load spurted into somewhere that he imagined was Dr. Smith's slick spread vagina pulsing red. And he thought he was done, but then the anal probe kicked in and his prostate boosted every last droplet down his hard-working tube into Dr. Smith's receptacle. 

"HOLEEEEEE!"

As he passed out he crumpled backward into the helpful arms of the waiting orderlies. He smiled as he saw that Dr. Smith was sliding down the wall on the far side of the machine. 

She looked like she had had about six shots of scotch. Her eyes were moist and her crooked mouth wore a crazy smile.

*****

If you enjoyed this story please check out the entire Experiment. You might also like my Doctor of Desire series. Comments welcome.