 The next week passed with complete silence between the two fronts. Teri had taken one of Connor's shorts and tied a rope around her waist. Also, one of his shirts had mysteriously become a part of her wardrobe. The sight of her in the wide clothes was definitely not the least sexy and so Connor told her.

"I don't try to do sexy," was her biting remark. 

"Well, I would appreciate it if you tried on that dress again," he said smugly. "Although, I can still see some shape beneath all those clothes there. You sure you don't want to have sex yet? It would probably improve on that temper of yours."

"I don't have a temper," she yelled at him.

"Then it must be your period, then. Orgasms are good for reducing PMS, by the way," he suggested.

In answer she threw a plate aimed straight for his head which he easily sidestepped before quickly walking out of the door. 

***

"Any news?" Morgan asked.

"About what?" Connor said irritably.

"Never mind. I can see she still hasn't let you into her bed again. You look like hell, man."

"Go away," Connor growled. He hated every smug remark the men had thrown his way lately. A man who could not control his own mate was definitely a laughing stock in his society, and the men thought it absolutely hilarious that she had declared a sex strike. They would not laugh as loud when their own mates discovered the same idea, Connor thought smugly. 

But so far, his mate was the only wilful enough to refuse her husband his rights. Time and again he had considered taking what was rightfully his, but he just didn't feel like it. He wanted her to enjoy their lovemaking and become the demanding and pleasurable creature he remembered from their trip to Alpha Centauri. But, it seemed he had to do some serious work to achieve something like that. These days, she barely spoke to him. He did not know what was worst of her screaming at him or not talking at all. Possibly the last one, since he had no idea what to do about it. Maybe Loanna had some advice for such a situation, he thought glumly, before going to see the healer.

***

"Buy her some flowers and invite her out to dinner," Loanna suggested as soon as Connor had explained the problem.

"And that will actually help?" Connor was unconvinced and sank further back into the chair while trying to find a way to handle this mate of his. "Remember that this is the first female to ever go on a sex strike against her own mate. I don't think she would behave as other females. Not even in this."

"She's still human," Loanna interjected. "And all females like to be pampered, to feel like they are special. You must treat her as if she is more than a broodmare to you."

"How did you know that?" Connor asked in a surprised voice.

"How I knew you love her?" Loanna almost laughed. "Well it's easy. Your eyes always wander to her and you are even asking an old woman for advice in wooing her. Can it become any clearer than that? Of course it's love. Even a tough fellow like you must have some emotions hidden down there." She pointed at his chest. "And it's about time as well. Remember, you're not getting any younger. Although I could swear you were a foot shorter the last time I saw you," she continued as Connor had risen and towered above her, before starting to walk around inside of her small cottage.

"I suppose so," Connor said slowly, never realising he had been so obvious. "But, if it's so obvious, why can't she see it? Or is she just taking advantage of my feelings for her?"

"No one is blinder than the ones in the relationship," Loanna said truthfully. "I should know that. It took years for me to realise I loved my husband and it was right in front of me all the time. So I don't think she knows what she feels for you, and the more reason for you to make her see it clearly. This ice front between you is not helping things along."

"Okay, I'll give your advice a try."

***

Teri stared at the thin dress Connor had given her. Did the creep actually want her to wear something like that in public? On Earth she would be arrested for such a stunt. This planet was really strange. She studied the dress again. It was amazing. It looked like a babydoll, only the fabric was so sheer that every detail of her body would show through. 

Still, her plan was not working very well, so maybe it was time to take some drastic measures. She had thought Connor would not last a day without sex, and now it had been 2 weeks. Now she was the one that would probably crack first. Especially when she considered that every time she met up with her "husband", she was practically salivating by the thought of that magnificent man in her bed, pounding into her warm flesh and giving her countless Earth-shattering orgasms. 

She felt herself flushing just thinking about it. There she went again. Her thoughts going to Connor and his tempting person every chance she got. She tried to steer away from her lustful thoughts, but still she could not prevent her dreams becoming more and more lust-filled and covered with Connor's warm and hard body giving her body the release she craved more and more every day. This had got to stop. 

Still, she didn't want to give him an easy victory. She really believed she could do more for this society than simply raise Connor's children. Oh my god, where had the thought of Connor's children come from? Of course her top priority was still to return to Earth, although her old life had more or less been pushed to the back of her head. What she did long for was a time when she was happy with her life, and content with living without a man. 

Maybe it would be easier if she was back on Earth to live without that unnerving personality who called himself her mate. She really hoped it would be as good as it had been to be back on Earth. In fact she missed the food, the smell of springtime and especially her apartment. It was a place where she could just lock the door to any annoying males and just be herself. And she definitely missed wearing her own clothes. Or clothes that actually fit. Speaking of clothes, her eyes ventured onto the babydoll again. She did have one more thing to try before she would be reduced to simply pounce on the man. Or worse, beg him to take her. Now that would be defeat indeed.

***

Connor just stared open-mouth at his mate as she made her way through the park outside the house. His men were also staring, he noticed glumly. As she came nearer he could see her outfit more clearly and his body kicked into over-gear just by the sight of her lusty figure revealed in every detail behind the dress he had given her. He could even see that she had shaved her mound and the sight shot through his body and his cock gave a tug as his body prepared to strike and carry her back to the house for some serious fucking.

"Wow," he heard Morgan say from somewhere on his left. "Oh my god," Morgan continued in a drugged voice as if he had been kicked in the head with something heavy. Connor suddenly realised how many of his men were salivating over the almost naked body of his mate, and he felt his temper increasing sky-high. "Man, maybe this mate-business is not so bad after all," Morgan continued as Teri was coming closer to them.

"Go away," Connor said in an angry voice.

"Huh?" Morgan asked.

"Go away, all of you, and keep your eyes where they belong. Or I might be tempted to carve them out," he growled at them.

Quickly, they woke from their trance and started to venture in all directions, moving away from the angry Connor as fast as they could. 

Morgan passed Teri and whispered as he went by "This is all your fault, you know."

"Oh, I know," Teri said silkily, loving every minute of seeing her controlled mate reduced to an angry beast. The cold wind made her nipples tighten even more and she could see Connor's face becoming even darker than before as not a detail of her body escaped his attention. Righting her stance she moved in front of the angry-looking Connor.

"Go and change. Now!" Connor barked at her.

"What? You don't like my outfit?" Teri asked smoothly. "It was you who suggested I wore it. So what do you think?" she asked and twirled around in front of him, making him see every detail of her body portrayed through the thin fabric. 

"Saints," Connor almost choked on the word. "What happened to underwear, if I may ask?" he said while staring as her nipples gradually stiffened.

"Well, I only did as you suggested," she explained slowly. "And you said that this was the normal clothes for women here."

"Yes, they are," Connor said sheepishly. "But not for you. That is far to revealing to be worn anywhere else than in my bedroom, so go and change immediately." 

"No way. I'm following tradition from now on," Teri said, smiling wickedly at him as she tried to pass him and continue on her walk in the park.

"What about following another tradition instead?" Connor snarled at her as he gripped her arm when she tried to pass him. "Especially the one stating to keep your mate happy and healthy with loads of sex. What happened to that one, Missy?"

"Oh, I'm being selective," Teri explained slowly. "One can not engulf all the traditions at once. Besides, one should always start with the most important issues first."

"Okay, that's it. I'm ordering you to get indoors and change right now!" Connor growled. "Or would you rather have some help? I'd be happy to lend it to you," he continued leisurely, giving her a hungry look at the same time.

"You're ordering me?"

"Yep, I'm your mate, your governor and your master in all there is. And this wilfulness has been going on for far too long. My men are having a hilarious time on my behalf because of your refusal to do your duty."

"So what?" Teri interceded. "Then send me back to my own planet, Oh holy Master. I'm sure it would be in your power to do so," she screamed at him before turning heals and heading back to the house in a fit of rage. 

That did not go too well, Connor thought self-consciously. He was supposed to pamper her, not lecture. He let out a deep breath. He was not good at this mating business. Up to now, all women had behaved normally around him. Always waiting on his every request and fighting over who was to pamper him. All of them had been easy and non-demanding of his person and time. 

Women came in different races, he concluded. And his was one of the difficult ones. Still, even he knew to fruitlessness in trying to reason with her now. Instead, the hard cock in his pants would have to wait a few more days for her to come around and see reason. They were mates, and they were going to live together for the rest of their lives. The sooner she understood that, the sooner they could find a common ground to build their relationship on. 

He tugged at his pants, giving his cock more room while taking a few deep breaths, trying to control his body again. That dress had been a sight. Or her body had been a sight. He felt himself longing for the time he could have her back in his bed again. This time it would be for good, as far as he was concerned. This strike thing was something the Earth-people could have for themselves. Only look what it did to him? Having a raging hard-on for two weeks was not something he would wish upon any male, not even his enemies. He would have to continue taking the cold baths he had started to endure since Teri started this nonsense.