 **Hey y'all!! Wow, I was not expecting that fast of positivity on the last chapter!! Seriously thank you so much. I honestly thought I had written a crappy chapter, yet all of you proved me wrong. I cannot thank everyone enough! So let's hope this next chapter is especially good, since you all deserve it. Feel free to send feedback. I'm trying to make a longer chapter for this one, and i hope it goes alright. So let's not waste any time.**

***

I woke up, with Mary lying on my chest. God she looked beautiful. Her hair, now messy from sex, still looked great. Her soft skin on mine felt like silk, and she smelled like a fresh spring breeze, slowly morphing into a summer breeze. It's official. This is the best girlfriend I ever had.

I looked outside my window, and saw night had fallen, yet for some reason my parents weren't home. Despite my mind calling me an idiot, i had to leave Mary momentarily to call my parents. I stood up stretching, and i realized how sore i was. Like ouch, the sex is great, but the after effects were really cooking. I grabbed my phone from my dresser, and looked. I had no missed calls, no text messages, nothing to show my parents had attempted to contact me. I unlocked my phone, and went to my contacts and called my mom. As it rang, a million thoughts flew through my head. Could they be hurt, or worse? Maybe Mary is some sort of evil fairy, and has now captured me as a new pet?

"Hello?" i heard my mom say.

I instantly breathed a sigh of relief. She was alright. 

"Hey mom, just wondering where you were."

"Oh sorry dear, our phones didn't have service when we tried to contact you, but your father and I just got called into a meeting out of town. We don't know how long it's going to take."

"It's no problem mom." I said calmly. "I should be fine on my own."

"Did you find a job yet?"

I tried to hold back a sigh. 

"Not today mom, I didn't feel all that great when I woke up this morning."

"Jason, you need to get a job. I know your last job was... difficult, but that doesn't mean it could get any worse."

"I know mom, I know."

"Just don't be so picky dear."

"Alright mom, I'll see you whenever."

"Alright" my mom said, finally giving up. "I'll call you whenever we're on our way home."

Before I could say anything, she hung up the phone. I sighed, and turned back to the bed. Mary was sitting up with a look of concern on her face.

"What's this about your last job?"

I did my best to hide that story from her. "It's nothing, it just wasn't the job for me."

Mary stood up and laced our fingers together. "What happened?"

I looked into her eyes, seeing she was serious in wanting to give me help. I just wasn't ready for her help. 

"All in good time." I said to her.

She nodded and looked at me, tracing her fingers on the mark around my heart. 

"So what's the story behind the mark?" I asked her.

She smirked. "Is that a question?" 

"What do I have to do to get extra questions for a day?" I asked, running my hands along her back, pulling her in closer to me. Her breath was a bit more rapid, and her heart was pounding in her chest. 

"Maybe give me a bath? I've never had a great one indoors before."

"I'm more than happy to oblige."

She nodded, and I went to my bathroom, and started running warm water for us. I saw her watching, and I smirked at her, her body on full display. I finally filled the tub, taking he and, leading her to the water with me. Her eyes widened as the warm water touched her feet. We slowly into the water, turning her around, so she could lie on my back in the water. She sighed softly, lacing our fingers, smiling brightly, relaxing. Her breathing was calm, refreshing almost. Even in the water, her skin felt like silk.

She looked back at me, her smile burning out any light I had ever seen. 

"You get a question dear."

I thought for a moment, since one question was all I could get. Finally it came (Hehe came) to me.

"Are you an external spirit?"

She nodded.

"Fairies are similar looking to humans, but we also are created from magic mixed with passion. Every time two people have intercourse, a fairy gains the power to move around. We are born similar, through mating, but we gain our power through human intimacy."

I nodded and held Mary close to me. She sighed, and relaxed, resting her body onto my chest. I grabbed some vanilla soap off the counter, and began scrubbing at her body. She sighed in content. As I washed her, I felt stress in her shoulders had been building up. That was concerning to say the least. Why did she have tension built up? What was concerning her? 

My thoughts were interrupted by her moans. God, whenever she moaned, I was practically putty in her hands. She grabbed my hands and put them around her breasts. 

"Wash them the best please."

I happily obliged. I did my best to squeeze, and rub them. Her moans encouraged me to keep going. I was also getting rock hard as well. She started moving her head back, so she could kiss any part of my body. Her lips finally find the mark, and she kissed it, my heart now fluttering in excitement from her lips. 

My hands find my way down to her thighs, and start caressing them. She moans through her kisses and she turns around to kiss me fully. Our lips crashed hungrily against one another, and she grabbed my hands, lacing our fingers together.

"If we don't get out of this bathtub, I might get sick." I say to her. 

She nodded and goy out, with me following behind her. I grab us towels, and dry us both off. Side note: Don't try to dry off and make out at the same time. It's a difficult task that requires a lot of skill. 

So Mary, and I headed to the bedroom, and she was quick to push me on the bed, and straddle me. She started kissing my neck, moaning with pleasure, as I caressed her body. She moaned into my ear, as she grabbed my shaft, and sat herself on it. She started bouncing fast on it. At this point I was ready to explode, and I could feel she was ready too. 

She came so hard, she screamed, with me not too far behind. We lied there panting for a few moments, before the sand man took us over.

****

I woke up to Mary looking out the window, terrified. 

"Mary? What's wrong?"

"No time to explain." she turned to me and pulled me out of the bed. 

"Do you trust me?" She asked softly.

"Yes I do." I said with no hesitation.

Suddenly, everything in the room was growing larger, to the point we were standing together on my desk. 

We had shrunk!!

***

**Alright, so I made sue to write a longer chapter this time, and trying to go more in depth with these characters, and what fairies are. Hope you enjoyed this!! I'll see you next week.**