 Chapter 4 – The City

Shahemein was unlike anything Lexington had ever seen. He was astonished by how little he had noticed as a Celestial when he visited earth before. There was great beauty in the achievements of mankind, he thought.

When they first approached the main gate of Shahemein, Lexington could have sworn that the gate was as tall as Shantei was long. Birds flew in rings atop the two towers that stood beside the great large black metal gate that served as barrier between the outside and the inside of Shahemein.

Lexington had expected Shahemein to be even more crowded and congested that Shantei was, but there appeared to be some sort of system for foot traffic. Guards stood at almost every corner, armed to the tooth. He felt sympathy towards them. The vigilance the Shahemeinian guards displayed was akin to his duty as a soldier in the army of the Omnipotent. The thought warmed his heart. He continued to feel more of a Celestial every day and with it less human. Yet he still admired the beauty of humanity and its achievements thus far.

Edalo led them expertly through the city. He pointed out various inns and markets. He spoke of how Shahemein was divided into four distinct quarters. The Four Quarters of Shahemein were divided by large avenues, which were lined by giant braziers and tall palm trees. The simple layout of the city made it difficult for one to lose their way.

There were two great gates, the Untshahe or south gate and the Uupshahe or north gate, which was the gate they entered. The first quarter was dedicated to business and inns alike, the second was dedicated to craftsmen, the third and fourth were composed of the homes for the native Shahemeinians. The third quarter housed the more luxurious homes while the fourth were modest. Edalo also noted that the poor lived in small huts, similar to the huts that populated Shantei, outside the city to the south.

Lexington took quick note of the many whorehouses. He was surprised to find that a whorehouse was found in each of the four quarters of Shahemein. What didn't surprise him was that he no longer felt the urge to visit them as he did with Selia's whorehouse in Shantei.

Edalo finally showed them to a humble house in the third quarter near one of the smaller gate. The small gate, Uastshahe, was on the east side of Shahemein, with a toll road that led off the path from the Luildel River. Lexington learned that the small gates, like Uastshahe, were only exit gates and not entrances. He appreciated the simple, yet highly secure system of the great city.

The door swung outward and there stood the burly physique of Mardul, the head guardsmen of Albeus. Mardul displayed the biggest smile with his arms wide open. He moved towards Edalo, wrapped his arms around him tightly, and for a moment even lifted him off the ground. Edalo laughed in shocked response.

The two exchanged greetings, as did Mardul with Lani. Ever since that last night in the grasslands, Mara had been expectedly quiet towards Lexington. Mara had introduced herself, though they were already acquainted. Mardul met with Lexington last and gave him a welcomed hug.

"My friend," Mardul said with that deep husky voice and wide smile.

"How is everyone?"

"Albeus and Anila are about the city, looking for ways to extend our stay."

"And Enama and Edrith?"

"Edrith is about the market district for garments, she is accompanied by Halden."

The only thing Lexington knew of Halden was that he was Mardul's right hand man. If anything were ever to Mardul, Halden would take his place. Lexington thought it was peculiar though. Halden was more of a soldier – he was quiet and obedient. Even though, it was comforting to know that Edrith was not alone out in the great city.

Mardul continued by saying, "Enama is walking the top of the walls, she has been waiting for you," still smiling that big smile of his.

Lexington wasn't surprised that Enama wasn't there to greet him. If she had been waiting on the walls, to be able to pick a particular person out of the incoming and outgoing crowd would take great skill. Even still, the thought warmed his heart and for the first time in a week, Lexington thought of the Enama's loving touch and with it a small surge in his crotch. He smiled.

---

Their first day in Shahemein together was closing to an end. Lexington had learned from Albeus that only half of the villagers of Shantei had been accounted for. Though this wasn't the news Lexington wanted to hear, he was still ecstatic to find Ingrid and that she was well. The Shantei survivors were spread out amongst the third and fourth district and even a few had settled in the slums outside Shahemein to the south. Lexington had also learned that those slums didn't have an official name yet the locals called it 'Shamein.'

As the others of the family of Albeus were talking and joking in their reunited joy, Lexington sat next to the entrance of Albeus' new home. He still had yet to reunite with Enama. He noticed Mara had soon after they first arrived with Mardul. He wondered where she had gone though he did not fear for her safety. She'll find her way, he thought to himself.

Lexington suddenly felt a hand placed on his shoulder and he immediately knew it was Enama. He sprung to his feet and turned to embrace her. She quickly held him at arm's length. Lexington was stunned for a bit before he noticed the bright smile she held. She motioned down with her eyes and he looked. Lexington noticed the rounding bump in Enama's belly. She was pregnant. The joy that filled Lexington was inexplicable. He wrapped his arms around Enama and squeezed gently. The feeling of reuniting and the news made Lexington forget about recent troubles.

---

As night continued on, one by one the family of Albeus fell asleep in drunken and joyful slumber. Of course, Lexington and Enama didn't drink. Enama took Lexington to her their new quarters, probably twelve steps from the main living room at the entrance. She quietly shut the door as Lexington embraced her with heated passion.

Lexington kissed her with a vigor that he had never before. He had missed the thick softness of Enama's lips and the way the small hairs on her arms made his palms feel as he ran his hands over them. As their lips stayed locked and tongues swirled and dance within each other's mouths, Lexington grasped at Enama's firm and muscular buttocks. The fire growing in his crotch was something he thought he didn't miss. He thought he'd never experience it again, but he was wrong. He wanted to rip into Enama's elegant new garment and make her scream in pleasure. He longed to be inside her and the excitement of that longing finally being met only further strained his quickly erecting penis.

Lexington gently lifted Enama off the ground and carried her towards the bed. He laid her down on her back as gently as he could with their mouths still locked in a passionate kiss. He began to make his way down between Enama's legs. He wanted so badly to taste her juices and tease her clitoris, but Enama didn't want that. She grabbed him at the sides of his head and pulled him.

"Fuck me," she said with fierce desire.

Lexington didn't hesitate. He slid his cock free of his robe and lifted Enama's legs along with her dress. He pressed the engorged hot head of his penis at Enama's vaginal lips. She was drenched in her own juices. Lexington pushed in. His penis slid with ease due to Enama's lubrication. He pressed his hips till their pubic hairs met. Lexington held himself in place for a moment with his penis entirely buried inside Enama. Enama gasped in pleasure and Lexington seized the moment to suck on her tongue. He rubbed and swirled his tongue around hers as he began to piston his cock in and out of Enama's soaking vagina. 

Within moments of insertion, Lexington used his arms to prop himself over Enama. Sweat already building around his chest and back. He began to pound into his lover with passionate fury. The bed they were in was propped up on four short and wide wooden legs. The head of the bed banged against the wall with each of Lexignton's powerful thrusts. Enama was moaning loudly seeming to have forgotten that they weren't the only occupants of the house. She grasped at his muscular forearms but couldn't get a good grip due to the sweat running down his arms. 

Lexington leaned forward to her ear. He groaned then said, "you feel so good, I've missed you."

Enama's response consisted only of moans and intermittent yelps while Lexington continued to pound into her accepting vagina. Enama slid her legs up and wrapped them around Lexington's waist. She then wrapped her arms around his neck, lifting her upper body off the bed. He believed he understood what she wanted. He then wrapped his arms around her lower back and lifted her off the bed. Lexington was now on his knees on the bed with him suspending Enama in the air. Lexington grasped her hips and began to hammer into her sideways. Enama began to scream her acceptance in response.

That familiar building up sensation in Lexington's crotch was another thing he thought he'd never again experience. He whispered in Enama's ear once more saying, "I'm going to cum."

"Give it to me!" Enama yelled.

With one final powerful thrust, Lexington shot his load into Enama. Lexington's hips bucked after each huge spurt. The orgasm seemed to last an eternity to both of them. Finally, exhaustion set in and the two slowly made their way to their backs on the bed. Their chests were heaving, desperately trying to catch their breaths. Enama turned and placed her head on Lexington's sweaty chest. Her hair was a mess, but she didn't care. Lexington missed the feeling of her perky breasts pressed against him. Her nipples were slowly softening. He lifted the covers and draped them over him and Enama. At that moment, he did not have a care in the world.

---

The sky was thick with grey clouds and the roar of thunder was all Lexington could hear. He was held by thick black chains, naked, and beaten. He tugged and pulled at the chains with all this might, yet the chains would not give way. He could see his sword, Aequitas, stuck to its hilt in the ground mere feet away from him. Lightning proceeded to strike. He looked up and watched the bolts as the jump great distances in mere seconds. 

A painful tugging in his chest gripped his attention. He cringed in pain and tried to grab at his chest, but couldn't due to his restraints. Then the pain faded. The thunder stopped. Lexington looked up to see Shadohinus, the lord of Avariceal.

Lexington had only seen Shadohinus once, three millennia ago at the Battle of Croxus, the realm bridge between Avariceal and Cielos, the realm of the Omnipotent. 

Shadohinus looked as Lexington had remembered. The lord of Avariceal had brown crackled skin. His muscles bulged in all places they could. The only armor Shadohinus was a belt thickly plated with the same purple shaded armor that Valkyrie wore. Below the belt, appeared to be a black cowhide that contained Shadohinus's thick and long manhood.

Shadohinus had no hair on his head, but two thick bone-white horns that were placed just above his brow and extended no more than an inch from his head. Like Valkyrie, Shadohinus had hooved feet and thick muscular legs. It was one of the only times Lexington could ever remember being intimidated. 

The lord of Avariceal stepped within his huge arms length of Lexington, bent to a crouch and said, "I have won this war, thanks to you my little trophy." Though Shadohinus's voice was already very deep and guttural, the echo that followed was even deeper. 

Lexington couldn't respond. How, he thought. Why? It's not possible. He would rather die than cause the fall of the realm of the Omnipotent.

Shadohinus smiled, exposing his dark yellow stained jagged teeth. "Do not worry, little Seraph. Your reward for such an act will not be death." Shadohinus chuckled. He raised his large, muscle bound arm and pointed to Lexington's right. 

Lexington turned and saw Thraxa standing naked with her own penis fully erect and pulsating with desire.

"Yes," Shadohinus said recapturing Lexington's attention. "You will serve as Thraxa's plaything for all eternity."

Lexington pulled once again at the chains that restrained him and yelled in rejection. Lightning began to strike once again followed with the roar of thunder. Shadohinus rose to stand, cocked his large fist back, and swung his arm at Lexington.

Lexington quickly rose up from the bed. He couldn't see anything in the room, though he quickly realized he was still with Enama in Shahemein. He was drenched in sweat. 

Enama was lying beside him and quietly said, "Only dreams, Lexington, go back to sleep."

Lexington nodded though the discomfort from the drenched sheets would make it difficult. He slid off the bed to the floor and leaned against it. He laid his head the top edge of the bed and wondered what his dream meant. He may not have known if the dream had any meaning, but he knew he had to be ready for Thraxa and the Shadowmen army.

---

The next morning, Albeus had asked Lexington if he would like to accompany him and Mardul to Shahemein's monthly council meeting. Lexington politely agreed, gave Enama, who was still asleep, a quick peck and left. 

The Shahemein Council meetings were held in the center of Shahemein in a circular tower-like structure called the Compendial. The council was comprised of one Orator, four Chiefmen, and many Chairmen. The orator organized the Shahemein council meetings. The four Chiefmen were elected by the people of their respective quarters of Shahemein. The Chairmen were appointed by the Chiefmen to represent neighboring cities, towns, or villages with whom trade was frequent.

Because Albeus was the lord of Shantei and frequently traded with Shahemein and other towns and villages, he naturally had a seat. Lexington and Mardul stood against the wall of the large circular room of the top floor of the Compendial as did the other entourage of the council members.

The council members were arranged around a large circular table. The section of the table where the four Chiefmen sat was raised a bit higher to fit their raised seats. Every other sectional edge of the table from there was the same level.

Lexington was surprised to find that Albeus was one of the youngest at 71 of the council members. Most of the council members required aid to their seats where Albeus stood amongst them as a humble yet mighty tree. 

They spoke of typical economic matters initially. They all took their own turn to speak their part, which was timed by an hourglass. The Orator monitored the hourglass. Albeus was one of the last council members to speak. The order of the men was the one thing Lexington did not understand. 

"I know most, if not all of you, have already heard the rumors," Albeus spoke in a grave, deep tone. He continued on by saying, "Yes, they are true. Shantei has been destroyed by an unknown force – a force unlike anything that has ever been recorded in our long history." 

Lexington could see the expressions of the men and how they all subsequently turned grim upon Albeus' words. 

"We may be at war, fellow council members," Albeus said. 

"At war with who?" Lysinus, Chiefman of the Second Quarter of Shahemein, interjected.

Albeus narrowed his sight and sighed, replying, "I know not."

Unchecked words broke among the men. Some slammed their fists against the table and other began to raise their voices trying to be heard over the other raised voices. The Orator, who did not have a seat at the round table but was seated on a raised platform in the most north point of the circular room, took a large mallet and banged it against a large round metal gong that was lain in front of him. At first, Lexington had thought it were an odd looking table – now he understood its purpose.

"SILENCE!" went the booming voice of the Orator. The Orator was the tallest fattest man that Lexington had ever seen. He had a thick full white hair held tightly in a rolled bun to the back of his head. His thick grey beard covered what rolls he had under his chin. His voice echoed throughout the circular room of the Compendial even more so than the gong he had struck.

Albeus gave the Orator a respectful nod and continued on by saying, "I may not know who they are, but I have brought someone who does." Albeus subsequently turned towards Lexington and motioned him to step forward. Albeus then stepped back and had Lexington step in his place. "Go ahead," Albeus suggested quietly.

"This army is not of this world. They are called Shadowmen and are from the realm of Avariceal, the realm of darkness."

"What does this have to do with you and us?" Lysinus asked sharply.

"My name is Lexington. I am a Seraph, akin to your world's general, of the Celestial army of the Omnipotent. Though I know not for certain, but I believe the Shadowmen army destroyed Shantei due to my presence."

Again, the council members broke out in roaring rejection but this time it was much louder than before. The Orator again rose and swung his mallet on the gong twice. Silence spread among the council members.

"Why didn't you stop them?!" Lysinus cried out.

"At the time, I was but human. I have recently rediscovered by Celestial abilities, yet not to the full extent."

"Do you believe they'll attack Shahemein?"

Lexington paused, sighed, and nodded.

"Then you must leave!" Lysinus demanded.

"I thought about it. I really did, but I know that the Shadowmen army will ravage through this city to be sure I am not here. I am your only hope for survival."

This time, the outbreak of unchecked complaints and corrections was deafening. The roar of the councilmen drowned out the banging of the Orator's gong. Albeus tugged at Lexington and gave him in a thankful nod.

The councilmen began to quiet once again, this time much more slowly, in response to the Chiefman of the First Quarter, Gaous. Gaous rose to his feet, gingerly. He was a very frail old man. A man half his age, yet looked just like him, stepped to his side to help him up. 

Gaous spoke softly, "I will speak to my war council and will decide what to do." He turned up to the Orator then said, "Prabo, would you please arrange an emergency council meeting in two days?"

The fat Orator, Prabo, nodded then turned to bang the gong once again, this time softer. The councilmen stood in almost in sequence and turned to make their way out of the room.

As they made their way towards the floor level, Lexington leaned to ask Albeus of Gaous' war council. Albeus had informed Lexington that Gaous was a rich man and with his vast wealth procured an army. In payment for his protection, the other Chiefmen decided to pay Gaous and his family for the services of the army. That was a long time ago, when I was still a boy. I have heard that the army has since then tripled in size. Half of the army serves as guards of Shahemein and other half tend to their own business within the city."

Lexington was intrigued by this Gaous. During his short time as a human, he expected most men of the upper class to resemble Albeus as far as privilege was concerned. He wanted to know more about this man. Lexington informed Albeus of his intent and decided to pay a visit to Gaous later that day.

---

After the meeting had ended, it was still early in the morning and the city slowly began to awaken. Albeus decided to visit the business quarter with Anila and Mardul. Lexington found Enama preparing herself for the day in their room.

"What does one do in Shahemein if they are not working?" Lexington asked.

Enama looked up to see Lexington and smiled. She replied, "We spend our money."

Lexington was surprised that though their village had recently been destroyed, Albeus' family was very content. He wondered if they may have secretly preferred the village. It wasn't until later that Lexington had learned that more survivors of Shantei had flooded in. The total headcount of survivors was much more than he had expected. 
