 Over the course of the next few weeks, Mr. Sleaze cemented his control over his beautiful new conquest. Cosmic Girl had been a rising star, one of the city's most promising young heroes. But that was before he had captured her and used his diabolical Sleaze Ray to twist her mind. Now, rather than defending the city from vile criminals, she eagerly sucked their cocks and allowed them to fuck cum into her ever-ready snatch. Under Mr. Sleaze's diligent guidance, she had frequent sex with many of his minions and underlings while bathing in the corrupting influence of the Sleaze Ray. With every writhing orgasm, her pliable mind sank deeper and deeper into an abyss of lust and immorality. Mr. Sleaze wanted to be sure that she belonged to him, body and soul. She would become his toy and his tool, and he would put her to good use in his plans to subvert and control the city.

One night, Mr. Sleaze announced his triumph to the city. Seizing control of a major TV network, he inserted his own broadcast in place of the normal prime time program. The interruption was seamless, so that families who had settled down in their living rooms to watch a popular crime drama had no way of knowing that they were about to watch something far more perverse.

The show started with a typical scene in a warehouse, where several thugs were busy making illegal drugs. Cosmic Girl sauntered in, wearing her skintight costume of pristine white and red. There was a dazed look in her eyes, and the way she walked wasn't at all like a superheroine, but more like a prostitute.

"All right, you guys," she said, her hands on her hips. "Stop right there. I'm here to take you down." Her voice was uncharacteristically sultry, as if she was more interested in seducing these men than hauling them off to jail.

"Come on guys!" shouted one of the thugs. "Let's get her!"

Cosmic Girl didn't seem to struggle too hard as the men swarmed around her. They began to tear at her costume, tugging at her collar and viciously ripping the flimsy fabric until it hung in tatters around her bulging breasts. "Stop it, you guys," she murmured, making a token effort to push her assailants away. One of the men leaned in and began to suck on her exposed nipple, drawing a moan of approval from her. "You shouldn't be doing this," she said lazily as a second criminal took her other tit into his mouth. "You're in big trouble," she cooed, clearly enjoying herself as her voluptuous breasts were fondled and suckled.

All over the city, cocks were stiffening. Most viewers were horrified and hastily shut off their televisions, but many continued watching in perverse fascination. Some even began to masturbate as they watched Cosmic Girl fell prey to the throng of criminals. They had ripped her panties off now, and one of the thugs had buried his face in her crotch. "Help me," she moaned. "Please, someone...ohhhh!" The camera zoomed in to show a tongue flicking against her clit.

Like a gazelle falling prey to a group of lions, Cosmic Girl sank down onto a nearby cot. They kept her legs parted, so that her pussy licking could continue. A full minute went by as the superheroine quickly succumbed to the mouth at her twat. The only sounds to be heard were her groans of pleasure and that constant, wet slurping. Finally, the man withdrew from her moist pussy and turned to someone off-camera. "She's all yours, sir."

A tall, well-muscled man stepped into view, wearing no clothing whatsoever. His back was to the camera, so the audience couldn't see his face - but Cosmic Girl seemed to recognize him. "Oh no!" she gasped, her face flushed. "It's Mr. Sleaze! He's come to fuck me again!" The man grabbed her legs and hoisted them onto his shoulders. "When he fucks me, he melts my brain!" He positioned his large cock at the entrance to her ready snatch. "Please...don't...ungh!" She groaned as his penis sank inside her. "Oh, God, no...not again!" He began to fuck her, slowly sliding his engorged member in and out of her drooling twat. "Ungh! Stop...please...ungh!" With every invasion into her gooey hole, her protests grew more and more feeble. Soon she was lying there quietly, her face flushed with pleasure as his thick organ did its work.

By now, many viewers were on the verge of orgasm. Women hungrily stroked their clits, watching as Cosmic Girl gave into her lust and began to moan like an animal in heat. Thousands of enthusiastic cocks were filling with semen as the superheroine crawled onto her hands and knees, allowing her captor to fuck her from behind. Mr. Sleaze grunted savagely as he pumped her pussy with his hard tool. "Mmmm...yeah...fuck me!" she purred, lifting her ass higher into the air. "Ohhh...feels so fucking good...!" She closed her eyes, savoring the sensation of his hot, hard flesh spearing inside her. "Keep...keep doing it!" Her pendulous breasts wobbled in time to his vigorous thrusts, and everyone could hear how wet her pussy was. "You're...going to make me...come..." she groaned, her face sinking down to the mattress. He responded by fucking her even harder, shaking her whole body as he rammed his swollen organ into her sopping cunt.

When Cosmic Girl reached down to stroke her throbbing clit, it was all over for her. She gasped as the orgasm claimed her, her supple young body suddenly tightening in a moment of paralyzed ecstasy. Mr. Sleaze continued to fuck her, sliding his thick cock in and out of her spasming sex tunnel. The superheroine began to moan and growl, helplessly massaging her stiff pleasure bud. All across the city, feverish young women moaned in sympathy, eagerly fingering their own sweet spots as their vaginas began to overflow with climactic juices. They watched in fascination as she kept coming and coming, her orgasm extending far beyond the usual duration for any ordinary woman. And all the time, that villain kept drilling her hot pussy, his hands grabbing her thighs to keep her from moving away. He screwed her relentlessly, panting with lust as he sent his meaty organ deep inside her, again, again, again. Finally he came, shoving his hard cock all the way into her slippery cunt as it began to erupt. She moaned loudly as barrages of hot spunk splashed into her womb.

By now, most of the men who were watching had already masturbated themselves to a creamy climax. Those who hadn't were soon about to. They watched as Cosmic Girl tried to get up, only to be held down by the other thugs. Mr. Sleaze pulled his dick out of the young heroine's cum-drenched twat, and one of his henchmen moved in to take his place. Cosmic Girl groaned in utter defeat as yet another penis sank inside her.

Eventually, the network managed to cut off Mr. Sleaze's illegal broadcast, but the damage had been done. The city now knew that one of its youngest, sweetest heroes had been captured and corrupted. How had this happened? Who was going to save her? Who was this mysterious Mr. Sleaze, and what did he plan to do next? Would a copy of the broadcast be available for purchase?

to be continued...