 Captain Justice flew between the skyscrapers, his face grim as he swept the city with his penetrating super-vision. Less than an hour ago, he had watched in horror as Cosmic Girl, one of the most powerful superheroes on Earth, got fucked on national television by a mysterious villain known only as Mr. Sleaze. Images from the obscene broadcast still haunted him, and he winced at how he had reacted to them.

Like most other people, Captain Justice had seethed with outrage at seeing the city's youngest superheroine fall prey to a gang of thugs. But while his mind roiled with noble anger, his body had a different response. As he watched Cosmic Girl's costume being torn from her body, his cock began to swell and stiffen. The more he watched, the harder he got - until finally, his fingers found their way to his crotch and began to stroke the growing erection. He knew it was wrong, but that didn't stop him from sliding his pants down. By the time they tore off Cosmic Girl's panties and started licking her twat, he was eagerly pumping his massive shaft. He moaned lustily at the television, his hand moving faster as he watched the naked girl succumb to lust. When Mr. Sleaze began to fuck her, and the camera showed his hard phallus sliding into her wet cunt, Captain Justice had his first orgasm. With a delirious groan, his penis sent several spurts of super-semen shooting toward the ceiling, where they tore through the roof like bullets.

His cock wasn't satisfied, though. Like most superheroes, he could endure far more sex than ordinary humans. So instead of setting out immediately to hunt down the villains who were mollesting Cosmic Girl, he went right back to massaging his throbbing erection and watching those same villains pump their organs into their young conquest. It was terrible, what they were doing to her. They had already filled her quivering pussy with enough semen to impregnate a cheerleading squad, and they were still giving her more. At that moment, they might have been planting a baby in her womb. That thought triggered another powerful orgasm for Captain Justice, who unfortunately sent his sperm blasting into his television set, causing it to shatter and explode.

So now here he was, looking for his fallen teammate - the beautiful young heroine who was probably still being fondled and fucked by those awful villains. In his mind's eye, he could still see her bulging breasts bouncing as the villains rammed their cocks inside her. He could still hear her agonized groans, her voice ragged with ecstasy as she begged them to fuck her harder. He tried to keep those thoughts out of his mind as he glided through the night air.

His search didn't take long. When his gaze pierced the walls of an old warehouse near the harbor, he saw Cosmic Girl trapped inside. It looked as though she was alone - and, except for the manacles that fastened her wrists and ankles to the metal slab beneath her, she was completed naked. Her thighs were spread apart, granting easy access to her crotch for anyone who wanted to do anything to her.

Like a meteor hurtling from the sky, he flew toward her, bursting through the walls of the building as if they were made of paper. The interior of the warehouse was dark, except for a red light emanating from a strange drill-shaped device on the ceiling.

"Oh, Captain Justice, thank goodness you're here," purred Cosmic Girl. "Have you come to rescue me?"

Captain Justice nodded. "Don't worry. I'll have you free in a second." As he approached the captive heroine, his eyes were irresistibly drawn to her voluptuous breasts and their sexy pink nipples. They had looked beautiful on television, but that was nothing compared to seeing them in person. What began as a glance soon became a stare.

"Hey, you're not supposed to be looking at those," she said, with a lascivious smile.

With an effort, he forced himself to look away. "I...I'm sorry. I don't know what's wrong with me."

"There's nothing wrong with you," she said. "You're just getting horny, that's all. It's okay...I'm really horny, too." Her voice dropped to a sultry whisper. "Do you...do you want to touch them?"

He wanted nothing more than to caress those magnificent mounds, but shook his head. "I have to get you out of here," he said, prying a manacle off of her wrist. "Mr. Sleaze and his thugs might be back at any minute."

"Oh, don't worry about them, they're no match for us," she said. "Come on, let's have a little fun." As soon as her hand was free, she reached down and felt his crotch. "Why Captain Justice, is that an erection I feel?"

Her touch sent a feverish thrill throughout his entire body, but he moved away - though not as quickly as he should have. "Stop it," he said. "You're not yourself."

"Of course I'm myself. Who else would I be?" She grinned and began to stroke her nipple with her forefinger.

Captain Justice stood there, transfixed. He knew he should be freeing her and getting out of this place, but all he could do was stand there and watch as she licked her fingers, swirling them around her turgid nipples. His cock was raging hard now; he could feel it pulsing hungrily beneath his tights. And she just kept looking at him, with those sweet blue eyes...

Maybe...maybe just a little touch. He stepped forward, his hands trembling with lust, and started to caress her magnificent breasts. His fingers traced an erotic path across her supple flesh, his eyes on her swollen tits. He pinched one of them. She began to breathe heavier, her eyes never leaving his. "Kiss them," she said quietly.

He leaned down and began to suckle the young heroine.

It was even better than he had dreamed. Her nipple was incredibly stiff; he flicked it with his tongue, making her sigh with pleasure. Soon he was greedily sucking her tit into his mouth, lashing it with his tongue while his hands slid up and down her smooth, bare torso. It was so good, he barely noticed that her other wrist had escaped its manacle, nor did he notice the ripping noise as she began to tear the costume from his well-muscled body.

"Mmmm, that feels nice," she purred, licking her lips. She moaned softly as his thumbs rubbed circles across her hard, swollen nipples. "If you keep that up, you're gonna make me all wet."

He immediately reached down and found that her crotch was indeed very juicy. She closed her eyes and grinned as his fingers slid inside her steamy vagina.

Her hand encircled his cock. His mouth left her breast, and he moaned as she squeezed his massive penis and began to slowly pump it. He looked at her, trying to find the willpower to protest. She only smiled at him - a wicked, sultry smile that told him she wasn't going to stop. Her bright blue eyes had lost all trace of their former innocence; he looked at them now and saw only lustful hunger. She began to stroke him harder, her hand gliding up and down his engorged shaft, her fingers rubbing the tip of his throbbing tool. Her eyes never left his, and his never left hers. They just stared at each other while she massaged his cock, her rhythm quickening with every passing second. He could feel his penis swelling...her eyes...she wasn't stopping...she was going to make him...

Tilting his head back, he groaned loudly while his dick shot bullets of sperm at the young girl's chest. The force would have knocked a normal woman across the room, but Cosmic Girl only smiled and smeared the super-semen across her firm breasts with one hand while she kept stroking his throbbing dick with the other.

The orgasm did nothing to lessen his apetite. Captain Justice moaned as his horny partner effortlessly shrugged off her manacles and pushed him down onto the examining table where she had lain. For a moment, she stared hungrily at his rigid penis before leaning down to lick it. It was impossible...just a few weeks ago, she had been a sweet, virtuous heroine. Yet here she was, expertly fondling him and kissing him as if she had been practicing for years. His cock was in her mouth now, and all he could feel was delicious wet warmth. She began to move her head up and down, slowly at first, her tongue swirling the head of his sensitive phallus. Then a little bit faster...up and down...up and down...faster...her pretty blue eyes looking up at him...faster... He groaned helplessly, staring up at the ceiling as she eagerly sucked his cock.

It was only then that he noticed a strange device hanging above the bed. "What's...that...?" he asked, moaning the question to her.

Cosmic Girl withdrew her mouth from his penis, but kept sliding her hand up and down the stiff flesh. "Oh, that. That's called a Sleaze Ray."

"Sleaze...? You mean..."

"Yeah, Mr. Sleaze made it. Makes you real horny, doesn't it?" She grinned, squeezing his massive tool and stroking him harder. "It makes you forget all about being a hero."

"But...I don't want...*ungh*...to forget..."

She giggled. "We'll see about that. Every time you come, your mind gets a little bit weaker. Soon, you'll be just like me." She smiled at him and slid her mouth over his cock again.

"No...*ungh*...don't do this..." But she WAS doing it, and it felt so good...her lips, gliding over his rigid flesh, taking it deep into her mouth, again, again, again. He watched her head move up and down, saw his dick glistening with warm saliva as she hungrily sucked it, her eyes watching him with an almost predatory leer. She was going to make him come...she WANTED him to come, so that the evil red light could destroy his mind. He could feel the semen welling up inside him, and knew that this would be his last chance to save himself. He could push her away; he could escape this place, and come back with reinforcements.

But he didn't. He just lay there, watching her head move up and down, her tongue caressing his stiff, mammoth erection. It was close now...he could feel it...oh, it felt so good! This was it; he could feel the orgasm building, boiling up inside him...so close now... And then it was too late. He groaned loudly, his mind melting in ecstasy, his cock erupting inside her mouth with explosive force. She just kept sucking him, sucking him, swallowing everything he gave her.

And that was the end of Captain Justice. The lusty animal who remained quickly pounced on top of Cosmic Girl and guided his now insatiable penis to the entrance of her thoroughly wet pussy. She smiled at him in wicked delight as he slid his powerful organ inside her, filling her with hard male flesh. He began to fuck her, brutally ramming his engorged tool in and out of her steamy cunt. The blonde heroine gasped and moaned; this is what she had been waiting for. Mr. Sleaze had told her that Captain Justice would come here, and gave her the delightful task of corrupting him. The Sleaze Ray had made it easy; it had transformed him from a noble hero into the savage brute who was now plunging his mighty cock in and out of her slippery hole with wild abandon. She eagerly pinched her nipples, her mouth hanging open in a silent groan as his stiff rod sank inside her, over and over and over again.

She was going to come soon. His super-prick was churning her gooey snatch, grazing her clit with every thrust. She couldn't hold back; she screamed as her twat convulsed, overflowing with warm love juice. He just kept pumping her, his strong arms pinning her to the bed as she squirmed and writhed. He wasn't going to let her get away - not until he shot his cum into her willing pussy. It suddenly occurred to her that he might actually get her pregnant. Her eggs were invulnerable to ordinary sperm - but his sperm was far from ordinary. And here he was, mercilessly plowing her fertile cunt with his enormous phallus. Had her mind not been thoroughly baked by the Sleaze Ray, she might have tried to save herself. Instead, she wrapped her legs around his back, begging him to fuck her harder. Captain Justice eagerly complied, grunting as he drove his strong cock in and out of her dripping snatch at a feverish pace. He wasn't going to last much longer; soon he would burst, filling her womb with his mighty semen. Just the thought of it made her come again. She writhed and screamed, but he just kept fucking her and fucking her, until he couldn't stand it anymore. With a savage groan, he shoved his pulsing dick all the way inside her, moaning as he injected her with surge after surge of impregnating cream.

From his control center, Mr. Sleaze watched the action on his security monitor and smiled. With any luck, Cosmic Girl was now carrying the beginnings of a very powerful child in her belly, one that he would eventually twist to his own purposes. Even if she wasn't pregnant, he would see to it that the two heroes fucked each other more than enough over the next few weeks. Sooner or later, she was going to get knocked up - and her offspring would belong to him.

to be continued...