 Later in the evening Teri thought back on their last row. If only they could learn how to communicate properly. If only she could look at him without also thinking of bedding him instantly, perhaps then she would manage to keep her head level enough to present her opinions in a better manner. Maybe then he would see her point of view and perhaps even agree. Or perhaps not. 

Perhaps he was stuck in his culture's primitive ways and wanted the world to stay just as it had always been and not allow any changes. But, still she could make another effort, before abandoning this discussion of theirs. In the back of her mind, she also hoped he would want to fuck her again. She had longed for his body for so long now, she needed a stupid excuse to see him and be near him. 

What this feeling of attraction for Connor could be, she did not want to think about. She could discover something she did not want to face at the present time. Still, she was very sure she wanted his body in her bed and preferably without much delay. She did not have to agree with the guy in order to share pleasures with him, did she? 

Something was definitely wrong with her logic, she thought. The starving for Connor's body must have left her temporarily deranged. She went to seek him out before she had the chance to change her mind another time. She had walked these halls so many evenings lately, but she had always passed his door. This time, she walked straight up to his bedroom door, taking a few deep breaths before quietly opening the door and trying to locate the familiar form of Connor in the large room.

Suddenly she heard a deep moan and looked around the darkened room to locate the noise. There he was. She stared at the unexpected display in front of her. Connor was sitting in an armchair, naked. On top of him, a naked woman was bouncing up and down, riding his lap and possibly also his cock by the sound of it. He moaned again, before leaning backwards and letting the woman continue to ride him. His hands gripped around her waist and roamed up her back, before slowly moving around to her front. He helped her move up and down his cock as he groaned loudly.

"So good," he groaned. "Faster, my love." 

Teri gasped aloud before she could prevent the sound from emerging. Now she finally understood that all his declarations during their lovemaking had been just that. Simple words that he used with every woman he fucked. How could she have been so naïve? 

At her gasp, Connor turned his head instantly, and saw her standing in the doorway, a shocked expression on her face.

"You bastard!" she yelled at him, before stamping out of the room, and slamming the door hard behind her before he could see the tears that was starting to form between her lashes.

"Teri, wait! Come back here!" Connor shouted from behind the closed door.

Teri didn't want to listen to his explanations about what that woman was doing with her mate, and in their bedroom. How could he take another woman into his room so soon after their mating? She ran away from him. Tears were streaming down her face as she only could think about getting away from Connor as fast as she could. She did not want him to see how much he had hurt her with his whoring, and right now she could not bear to face him - that bastard! 

How could he? Just because she had not fucked him for the last two weeks he simply gave up on her and sought out other women. Already? And they hadn't even been married or mated a month yet. Good thing she had not given him her heart yet. Or, judging from the tears streaming from her eyes, perhaps she already had lost her foolish heart to him. That jerk! That moth-eaten louse had actually managed to steal her heart before he went out and threw himself on another woman. She felt her body shutting down as cramps pounding through her belly and she gave herself up to the heavy cries emerging from her body. 

She sank down on the floor, creeping into the nearest alcove and crying her heart out for the man she had finally realised she loved. It did not do her much good right now. She suddenly heard noises gradually coming closer to her, and realised the guards was probably looking for Connor's slave. That was all she had been - his slave. Not his mate. She huddled herself together in the small alcove, trying to prevent whoever came by from seeing her. She did not want to be brought in front of Connor with a tear-soaked face and staring down at his new concubine. A woman that was probably very content with having taken her place in the colony. Or at least in Connor's bed. 

Several men ran past her, and far off she could hear Connor yell, "Find her! Get some more men, but just find her before she gets into more trouble!"

So he didn't want to loose any of his concubines, was that it? Right now she felt like stealing a space ship and learn how to fly it by simply pressing all the buttons she could find. If she was lucky she might land on Connor's head if she crash-landed it into the palace. Still, she knew she would not get far since she could not even open the doors into the space ship. But one thing was certain, she would have to find another hiding place if she did not want to come face to face with Connor this evening. 

The alcove would never hide her the next time anyone came running past. She pulled herself to her feet and tried to locate a better place to hide. Her room was out of the question, and she could not go to Loanna either, since that would be the second place Connor would search. She would probably have to settle for a set of bushes in the park, she thought glumly. Or perhaps, Loanna could hide her in her attic. She thought the attic sounded a lot more tempting than the park, and she started sneaking along the halls, listening for voices and footprints to notify her of any searchers. 

She managed to sneak out of one of the backdoors, and started to walk through the park. Still no sign of anyone was following her. Maybe she would get lucky for once, she thought glumly. But before she had the chance to congratulate herself on her escape, she was suddenly grabbed from behind and flung to the ground. A hand was placed over her mouth before she managed to scream out loud. Connor, she thought angrily, and started to kick at his body and bite the hand that was holding her.

"Damn you! Stay still!" a strange voice snarled at her. It was definitely not Connor, and she could not place this voice anywhere. This was even worse, she thought, and started fighting again, hitting her assailant in the head and stomach so he grunted from the pain. As he reached out to grab her hands and preventing them from hitting him again, she raised her leg quickly and kicked him in his balls. He moaned and sank into a foetal position, holding his jewels and moaning his pain. Another pair of hands gripped her as she tried to scramble away, and she was soon pushed to the ground again. This time she landed on her stomach. 

"Lie still, you little witch!" he growled in her ear. "Or I might be tempted to use my knife on your pretty face."

"How brave," she gasped as her mouth was filled with sand and she coughed it out again. He quickly tied her hands behind her back, before following through with tying her legs together, as well. All the time she tried to find an opportunity to launch a kick at his balls as well. But before she got the chance she was pacified. She screamed but he put his hands across her mouth so soon that only a small sound managed to escape. He gagged her quickly, before looking at his partner. 

"Pull yourself together now, Pete," he whispered angrily.

"That bitch tried to kill me," the other growled as he lifted himself carefully onto his feet. "I'm going to kill her at first opportunity," he growled.

"Don't do anything stupid," the other replied. "Remember the boss said to keep her alive and intact."

He threw her over his shoulder and ventured into the forest with his unwilling prey.

Kidnapped again, Teri thought ironically. What a parody. It should not be allowed for a girl to go through more than one kidnapping in her lifetime. Once should be more than enough. Well, that did it. She had more than enough of this terrible planet, and of the men who completely lacked any knowledge about how to treat a woman. No wonder women were a rare species on this planet. With this culture they were probably emigrating in droves if her suspicion was correct. Or they were simply extinct.

She was thrown onto some animal of a sort, and they continued on a bumpy journey further into the forest. Teri felt her insides wanting to come outside as each bump was felt through her entire body. It almost felt like seasickness, she concluded ironically. Although she had never experienced any sickness onboard any boats, this was probably what it felt like. Her stomach was aching to get rid of its content and she felt her body being thrown back and forth along with the strange animal's movement. 

It moved almost the way she had seen lizards move on the telly back home on Earth. Still, its size attested that this was not any ordinary Earthly lizard. She looked down at its feet. Yep, it was definitely a kind of giant lizard - or a close relative, as she spotted to fork-like legs protruding like a tree trunk. More likely a dinosaur that had misunderstood the concept of extinction, she thought glumly. Man, the ground was far beneath her. She struggled to maintain her position on top of the animal as it continued to increase the pace.

"Lie still," a voice demanded. The same man that had tied her up, she thought, recognising the voice. It was the one that had threatened to redecorate her face for her. Before admitting they were not allowed to harm her at all. Good, she thought. Tattoos had never appealed to her before, and if she ever wanted one she would definitely put it somewhere a bit more private than her face. Perhaps on her shoulder or bottom. She contemplated which design to choose. Concentrating so hard to think on anything else than the queasy feeling in her stomach as she was bounced from side to side following the lizards running movement. 

Finally, after riding through the night, they arrived in what looked like a temporary camp. Teri had already decided that tattooing her entire back was by far a more tempting notion than riding a few more hours across the back of a lizard. Her stomach would probably never want to have food again, and it felt as if she had broken a rib or two - or at least dislocated them to her elbow. 

"Do you have her?" a man asked her companions. 

"Yep," her guards answered triumphantly before dragging her off the lizard so that she landed hard on the ground. She yelped into the gag.

"Not very cooperative, I guess?" the man continued.

"No, she fought violently, Boss. Just ask, Pete over there," the other said laughing. "She got him in the nuts, she did."

"Aye," Pete nodded, "and she will pay for it." 

"No, she won't," the leader interceded. "We need her alive. But are you sure this is the right one. She certainly doesn't dress like a woman," he said while studying the ill-fitting and baggy clothes she had stolen from Connor. "I would have imagined the Governor's mate to have some more expensive outfit than that."

Pete laughed. "Don't worry. It's the right one. We snooped around a bit before grabbing her. She's the Earthling, and Connor's been having some problems controlling her, we've heard. The entire city is laughing about it. She's definitely his mate."

"Good," the leader continued, before looking her over more carefully. "Governor Hamilton will pay us dearly to have this one back again." He removed the gag, and untied her. "You can not escape from here anyway, so there's no use in these," he concluded.

"But Boss, she's vicious. Just ask my balls," Pete interceded. 

"Don't worry," the leader continued. "I don't think she's stupid enough to take on an entire camp full of soldiers. Now, then, Missy, tell us about this mate of yours. How many men does he have and where are the guards posted?"

"Couldn't your two wise men figure that out themselves before kidnapping me? Or would that demand too much strain on their small pea brains?" Teri asked icily the tall man standing in front of her. The camp was full of scruffy-looking men, who did seem to avoid getting too close to water, but still, she was too angry and sick on this entire planet to be scared. "I'm sorry to inform you that your information is completely wrong. I'm not the mate of Connor. I hate that man and I will never see him again." 

"Not the mate?" He turned to his men.

"They are quarrelling," Pete interceded. "The whole city was talking about her refusing to have sex with him. She has started a stroke, I think it was called..."

"The word is strike, and neither you nor the town has anything to do with gossiping about my personal life," she snarled at Pete, so angry she forgot she was trying to persuade them they had the wrong woman.

"Ah, so there's some sort of lover's quarrel, then?" the leader smiled, but the smile never reached his eyes. "Then you better pray that your mate will still want you bad enough to pay up. Otherwise we might be tempted to make some other use of you," he said, while giving her body a tell-tale look. Teri shuddered as she imagined everything she had ever heard about gang rape and torture of prisoners. She had practically landed in hell, she concluded, and she wasn't sure Connor would raise a hand to save her ass this time. 

Not now when he had this new woman of his. That meant she would have to save herself, and it did her little good to let them know how much they terrified her. Whatever they would do to her it was no use in worrying about it now. It would be plenty of time for that later on. Right now all she had to do was concentrate on getting out of here alive, and as intact as possible. Since Connor was not likely to even find these criminals, she would have to locate a chink in their armour and attack from there. 

"Okay, while we're waiting for Connor to come by and rescue me, what's for lunch?" Teri asked.

"More like dinnertime, if you ask me," Pete interceded.

"Whatever," Teri replied. "How's the food around here? You don't happen to have a burger, do you? I mean, you being rebels and all that, I suppose you are more free-thinking when it comes to food?"

"What's a burger?" Pete asked.

"Stop it!" the leader interceded. "From here on you are both on kitchen service, so just stop the nagging and do some work."

"So, what's a burger?" Pete asked again as soon as they were out of earshot of the leader. 

"Its loads of fat, onions and cheese," Teri explained.

"Sounds good," Pete said dreamily. 

As the day passed on, no Connor had come charging into the camp and demanded her release. Yet, she thought glumly. In her dreams he would probably come riding a white charger as well, but she was not sure they even had white horses on this creepy planet. The trees surrounded the camp on all sides, and the trees were almost preventing even the slightest sunbeam from entering the camp. 

What a glum place, Teri thought sarcastically. Still, this was probably very like the Robin Hood stories she had read as a youngster. Only he was a hero who stole from the rich and gave to the poor. This group of rebels seemed to have something useful tricks to learn from that one. Thinking it could probably help her cause, she told the men about the story when they had a chance to sit down in the evening.

"And this bloke actually gave the money away?" one of them asked, not believing his ears. "He must have been taken too many bumps to his head," he laughed. 

"So what are you fighting for, then?" Teri asked, trying to understand some more about this strange collection of dirty men.

"We fight for freedom," one of then said haughtily. 

"Whose freedom then?"

"Well, ours, I suppose," he continued more uncertainly. "We have always been directed by these governors that come and go, and the only thing they care about is to collect as much wealth as they can." 

"Besides maintaining stupid laws like the one saying that each man is prohibited to take on any other occupation than that of his father." 

"That means no one can ever become anything else even if he wanted to," another explained.

"Hmm, but Connor was born on this planet, wasn't he? I can't remember hearing his father was a governor?"

"No, his father was a soldier, and so Hamilton became one as well. It was probably luck and the right connections that landed him that job," the leader interjected. 

"So, that means he would probably listen to your demands, then?" Teri asked.

The leader just laughed. "No way! That would mean less power to him, and no governor would ever allow that. So, the only solution is to remove him."

"Remove him?" Teri stared shocked at him. "As in killing him?"

"Yep," the leader said lightly. "But we've already tried that and so far it hasn't worked out very well. He's well protected that mate of yours." 

"So what do you need me for then? I suppose you won't demand money? But probably Connor?"

"Yep, you're smarter than you look, lady," the leader said with a humour Teri did not share. "He has given the oath, so this should be quite easy."

"The oath?" 

"You really are an Earthling," the leader laughed loudly. "Everyone knows about the oath. Any mated man has to swear to protect his mate no matter what, so he will have to trade himself for you. Clever, isn't it?"

"Do you really believe Connor would risk his life for a mate he's quarrelling with?" Teri asked worryingly.

"Of course," the leader said still laughing by her ignorance. "He has given the oath, hasn't he? And he can not break that promise. Because, who would want a governor who can not protect his own mate?" The assembly laughed aloud at the idea of Connor being kicked out of the governor palace, and Teri thought that Connor was definitely not a man one would expect to be breaking any oath. 

Especially not an oath he had given to the group of elders on Alpha Centauri. That meant he would probably show his ass here sooner or later, and being his gentlemanly self he would probably get himself killed just as soon. That would not happen as long as she was around, Teri thought glumly. If she could find a way to prevent that from happening, she could go back to Earth with a clear conscience and simply forget about Connor and this strange planet. 

No way if she wanted to be the reason for getting Connor killed by this strange assembly of criminals. It was not worth it, and she didn't like the idea of sacrificing the man she had come to love, even how stupid he was behaving, or how many other women he had. She refused to have that on her conscience. Besides, she was sure Morgan would probably kill her for getting Connor killed, and how would she ever be able to return to Earth then?