 Cosmic Girl tugged fiercely against the chains that held her wrists and ankles, but it was no use. The bonds were doubtlessly made of tungsten, the one metal against which her awesome strength was useless. Her captors - whoever they were - obviously knew of her unique vulnerabilities, which also meant that their trap had been intended specifically for her.

She scowled in frustration. Though barely twenty years old, she was one of the strongest superheroes in Virtue City. How could she have allowed herself to get caught like this? 

But she already knew the answer; it was her own foolish pride that had landed her in this mess. Just last week, she had vanquished Elephant Man all by herself. The villainous pachyderm was one of the toughest thugs in Virtue City, and she had clobbered him without even scratching a nail. It made her feel invulnerable - even more so than she, in fact, already was. If she could handle Elephant Man, then she certainly ought to be able to defeat Mr. Sleaze.

Although he had come to power only recently, Sleaze had swiftly become one of the vilest criminals in the city. Whether it was pornography, sex shops, strip bars or prostitutes - almost any illegal sex activity could be linked to him in one way or another. And yet for all his notoriety, Sleaze had proved extremely elusive, and none of the city's heroes had been able to catch him.

But Cosmic Girl thought that she could do it. In order to lure Sleaze out, she would disguise herself as someone who would fit in with the lascivious underworld. So, wearing only a tight pair of cut-off jeans shorts and a skimpy halter top, she sauntered into the city's seediest nightclubs, eager to do battle with villainy.

It wasn't as easy as she thought it would be. She visited half a dozen bars and clubs that night, and no one would tell her anything about Mr. Sleaze. Several men tried to talk her into going someplace private, but she doubted that their intentions were honorable, so she politely declined and went on with her search.

Around midnight, she paid a visit to the Den of Iniquity. From the moment her eyes adjusted to the dim light in the club, she realized that many of the young men were staring openly at her. And not just staring at her face, of course, but at her shapely legs, her firm belly, and no doubt at the nipples which insisted on sticking out through the flimsy fabric of her halter top. More of her flesh was exposed than had ever been revealed in public before, and these men were hungrily drinking it in, like predators stalking prey. She couldn't help blushing as she reluctantly entered the leering throng.

Within seconds, she felt a hand on her behind. She whirled angrily, but could not tell which of the lecherous men had dared to touch her. She glared at them for a moment, sorely tempted to clobber them all. But that would ruin her plan. If she wanted to lure Sleaze into the open, she had to conceal her awesome powers and pretend to be nothing more than a pretty bimbo, eager to please and be pleased. With that in mind, she forced a coy smile to her lips and put her hands on her hips.

"All right, now which one of you boys just had his hand on my ass?"

"That would be me." One of the men stepped forward. He was wearing tattered blue jeans and a T-shirt showing a big-breasted woman drinking beer, and his dark eyes seemed to sparkle as he smiled at her. She would have found him attractive, had he not been gazing unabashedly at her chest.

"Well, then, I think you owe me an apology," she said with a seductive smile. "Care to buy me a drink?"

He moved closer to her, so close that she could smell the alcohol in his breath. "Forget the drink," he said. "I'll give you something better." He reached behind her, and before she could react, he pulled her close to him and shoved his hand down into her shorts.

His audacity was beyond belief! For a moment, Cosmic Girl was so astonished that she failed to move; she simply stood there while the young man's thick fingers found their way into her panties. She gave a small gasp as he began to rub her crotch, something that no man had ever done to her before. She knew she had to stop him, but for some reason she couldn't bring herself to move an inch. She just stood there, allowing him to massage the most sensitive part of her body.

"She seems to like this," grinned the thug to his cohorts. He leaned close to her and whispered, "I can feel you getting wet. Do you want me to stop?"

She wanted to say yes, but all that came out was a soft moan as he wiggled a finger into her moist pussy. This wasn't supposed to be happening; she should be thrashing this brazen letch, not letting him defile her like this. But as she felt a second finger enter her cunt, she knew she was in real trouble. His fingers began to move in and out of her pussy, and she panted lustily as erotic warmth welled up from her belly, flooding her senses. In a matter of seconds, she had changed from a righteous heroine to a horny young girl. She didn't want him to stop; she wanted him to keep stroking her, she wanted him to...oh God, what was happening to her?

The thug smiled lewdly as Cosmic Girl's moans grew louder. Passers-by began to notice what was happening, and soon there was a crowd of men surrounding her, watching eagerly as she gradually succumbed to the hand in her shorts. "I'm gonna make you come," he whispered, "right here in front of all these guys."

"No...please..." But she knew he was right. He was not going to let her go, and she was powerless to resist him. She groaned with helpless pleasure as his fingers rubbed harder against her clit. She could feel the sex juice oozing from her pussy, dripping down the insides of her thighs. It was getting hard for her to think. She felt dizzy and confused, and her thoughts were melting away with every stroke of those wicked fingers.

She closed her eyes and felt another hand dive into the back of her shorts, massaging the firm cheeks of her ass. Someone else began to pinch her taut nipples, and she gasped with appreciation. She felt the flimsy fabric of her halter top being torn away, and soon there were hot mouths sucking on her breasts. Her shorts came undone and slid to the floor; she was naked in a sea of hungry men. She smiled, knowing that there would soon be a hard cock pushing inside her...

***************

Even now, here in this underground laboratory, the memory of what they had done to her made her pussy throb with excitement. She had never been so horny in her life - and when the orgasm finally claimed her, it was so mighty that she had tumbled headlong into oblivion. She awoke here, lying on her back, chained and naked. She was surrounded by blinking lights and bizarre machinery. What were they going to do to her?

She didn't have to wait long to find out. A door slid open, and in walked the man who had fondled her pussy in the club. Almost immediately, she felt twinges of arousal course through her. With horror, she realized that her body was now hungering for renewed contact with those salacious fingers.

The man stood there for a moment, his dark eyes wandered admiringly over her exposed flesh before meeting her gaze. "Beautiful," he said, in a deep voice that echoed through the room.

"Who are you?" she shouted. "How dare you imprison me like this?"

He smiled cunningly. "Oh, my dear, I thought you would have guessed my identity by now. After all, I am the one you have been hunting."

Her eyes widened with dread. "Mr. Sleaze?"

"In the flesh," he said, taking off his T-shirt. His broad shoulders, thick biceps and firm abdomen did nothing to quiet the lust that was stirring within her. "I didn't want to imprison you like this, but it was unfortunately necessary."

"And why is that?" And why was he unfastening his belt?

"Because I have plans for you," he said. His pants slid to the floor, and she couldn't help noticing the bulge in his boxer shorts. "You see, I want to make you my servant."

She managed a nervous laugh. "You must be insane. I will never do anything for you."

"Oh, I don't know. I think I can find ways to convince you." He pulled down his shorts, and Cosmic Girl felt her heart begin to pound. She forced herself not to look at his penis.

"Do you really think that raping me will make me yours?" She tried to sound defiant, but she could hear the fear in her own voice.

"Rape?" he chuckled. "My dear, in a few moments, you will be begging me to fuck you." He pushed a button on a nearby console, and a large drill-like device swung down from the ceiling. Its tip hovered inches away from Cosmic Girl's forehead. The device began to hum ominously, and it started to glow with a soft red light, casting a sinister radiance on the face of the naked young heroine.

"This is my latest invention; I call it the Sleaze Ray. I designed it for a single purpose - to corrupt the heroes of this city. You see, it's like a parasite. It feeds off of brain waves - particularly any thoughts having to do with virtue and morality. It sucks those thoughts away, and replaces them with baser desires. Allow me to demonstrate." He pressed another button, and the sinister glow intensified.

At first, nothing happened, and Cosmic Girl began to hope against hope that the villain's machine was faulty. But then she felt a wave of warmth course through her body, leaving in its wake a tremendous sexual hunger. Her pussy began to throb with excitement; her nipples swelled and stiffened. She tried to calm herself down, tried to think about something other than the delicious joy of having her pussy filled and fucked...

"No!" With an agonized cry, she struggled against her chains. She couldn't let him do this to her!

Mr. Sleaze nodded his head in admiration. "Your resistance is impressive. Futile, but impressive. You see, that was the weakest setting; let's see what happens when I do...this." He turned a dial on his console, and the machine glowed even brighter.

Her lust suddenly intensified, and she moaned helplessly as her mental defenses began to crumble. She could feel her crotch getting wetter, her swollen clit begging for contact. Would it be so bad, to let him fuck her for a little while? It would feel so good...!

With a mighty effort of will, she shook her head. "I...won't...give in!"

Mr. Sleaze smirked and turned the dial again.

Cosmic Girl squirmed and writhed, panting heavily as feverish hunger consumed her. Her tits yearned to be pinched and suckled, and her pussy was now dripping with sex juice. She wanted nothing more than to reach down and stroke her quivering twat, to give herself the release that she so desperately needed. But with her hands bound, all she could do was moan in helpless desire. Above her, the infernal machine hummed as it patiently devoured all that was good in her.

"You have but to ask, and I will be happy to put my cock inside you."

"Never!" she shouted, in what would prove to be her final act of defiance.

He turned the dial again, and her hips bucked up off the table. "Ohhhh...fuck me! Please, fuck me! I can't stand this anymore!" She bit her lip in anxious lust, watching eagerly as he removed the restraints from her ankles. She groaned as his hands slid up the insides of her shapely thighs, effortlessly parting them to make way for his hips. He brought his penis to the mouth of her pussy, and she squealed as she felt its firm tip graze against her slick labia.

"Do it!" she screamed. "Fuck me now, or I'll...unghhhh!" He rammed his meaty cock all the way inside her, and she threw her head back, groaning loudly as it filled her up. He paused for a moment, leaving his thick phallus buried deep in her steamy twat as he grinned triumphantly at his beautiful young conquest. She looked up at him, with bright blue eyes that had always seen the world in terms of good versus evil. She could never have imagined herself lying naked and helpless, on the verge of giving herself to a man who took pleasure in corrupting young women. She had dedicated her life to fighting such men, but all that was about to change.

He started to fuck her, savoring the feel of her deliciously wet cunt as he slid in and out. Her eyes closed, and she surrendered herself to his relentless invasions. She had no more thoughts of escape or resistance, for this was what she wanted more than anything else, to feel his hard cock plunging inside her. Her hips rose up to meet his virulent thrusts, and she moaned lustily as he plowed his penis into her, again and again. In a few seconds, she was writhing in orgasm, her pussy convulsing and pumping sex juice. He didn't stop fucking her; he knew that her powerful young body would quickly recover and be ready for another climax.

"What's your secret identity?" he asked, leaning down to kiss her firm, bulging breast.

"Christine Johnson," she murmured, licking her lips as his tongue swirled closer to her distended nipple. "I'm a secretary in the mayor's office...ohhhh!" She moaned as he sucked her swollen tit, flicking it with his tongue.

"That's good," he said. "You'll give me access to the mayor's classified files, her personal information..."

"Anything you want," she said, her voice a husky whisper. "Just keep fucking me, okay?"

"Of course I will." He hoisted her legs over his shoulders and brought his penis to her crotch. "I'm going to keep fucking you until you're mine, body and soul." She moaned as he sank inside her again. Her pussy was sopping wet, and a rhythmic slapping sound filled the laboratory as he began to pound her again. "Soon you'll be my slave..." She moaned deliriously, her hips moving in time with his eager thrusts. "All I need to do...is make you come...a few more times..." He panted lustily, spearing his thick phallus deep into her sweltering cunt.

He tried to delay his own orgasm for as long as he could, but the sight of this naked young heroine writhing in the red light of his corrupting Sleaze Ray was more than he could take. He fucked her hard and fast, grunting hungrily as his penis plunged in and out of her steamy twat. He wasn't going to wait any longer. He could feel his engorged dick filling up with semen, ready to erupt. With a groan of ecstasy, he plunged his throbbing cock all the way inside her, his heart pounding as he shot his hot cream into her womb. She responded with a loud groan of her own as her body convulsed in a second climax. He kept fucking her, pumping more and more sperm into her spasming sex tunnel. When at last he was completely spent, he collapsed on top of her, panting heavily. Her skin felt feverishly hot, and she moaned contentedly as he gently stroked her torso with his fingertips.

After a moment of rest, he went back to work. Cosmic Girl happily opened her thighs and allowed him to feast upon her wet pussy. She clenched her teeth in agonized lust as his tongue dove into her gooey slit, patiently licking her cum-drenched vulva. Her hips shuddered when his tongue suddenly flicked upward against her swollen clit. He kept doing that to her, patiently licking her juicy sex lips and taking an occasional stab at her swollen pleasure button. He teased her like this for several long minutes, making her more and more horny with every swirl of his tongue. Finally, he began to suck her stiff clit into his mouth, stroking it with his tongue and feeling her body twitch with each lick. Her orgasm was long and savage; she howled like an animal as he mercilessly licked and sucked her throbbing sex.

An hour passed, along with half a dozen more orgasms, each more powerful than the last. The Sleaze Ray had done its work; the virtuous heroine was no more. In her place was a lusty young girl, eager to do the bidding of the clever villain who was now fucking her again. Her soft blue eyes watched eagerly as he rammed his meaty cock in and out of her gooey sex hole. "Oooh, yeah!" she purred. "Fuck me hard! Fuck your horny little super slut!"

Mr. Sleaze happily obliged her.

to be continued...