 Chapter 3 -- The Escape

Lexington awoke. He was still lying on the marble table. He was naked and cold. The torches had gone out, but he could see the faintest of light pouring in. He assumed that was the tunnel that led back.

He used what strength he had left and slid off the marble table. His sphincter was sore and it throbbed with every slow step he took towards the tunnel. More light bled in has he approached the entryway. Once he stepped out, he was nearly blinded by the light. His eyes were slow to adjust. Taking a misstep, he fell flat on his face in the dirt. The cool breeze coming from beyond the bridge was a welcome feeling. He peeked just a bit, forcing his eyes to adjust. He rolled to his back and set himself upright against the mound. Lexington could smell smoke.

Shantei, he thought. He knew it was destroyed. He hoped the people had fled in time. He wondered about Enama and her family. He wanted to get up and run towards the escape vessel on the River Luildel that Albeus had stored there, but he knew it was too late. If they had survived, they would have already left. 

Shahemein. That was where they're headed. It's the only city near Shantei though it was almost a month's journey away. 

The sun was low in the east. It was morning. He could see the smoke rise from Shantei. He didn't want to go back but he knew he had too. He had to know if anyone that stayed had survived. Lexington willed himself to his feet and headed back towards what was left of his beloved village.

As he approached the north gate of Shantei, he wondered if he would find Hangoot standing there as he was before Thraxa and her Shadowmen army attacked. He doubted it, of course. But still, how could a human have anything to do with a Shadowmen attack? All of this continued to make absolutely no sense to him. There were so many questions he needed answers to. The first being how could a Celestial fall and become human? He shook the thought off. He needed to find Enama and any survivors of Shantei.  

Though he was still naked, the warmth of the noon sun was comforting. He found one of the guardsmen dead with most of his armor unusable though the garment under the armor was suitable. He sorrowfully thanked the dead guardsmen then made his way into Shantei.

The smell of cooked pork was a painful reminder that Lexington was starving. To his own dread he had realized that it was not pork that caught his scent, it was the smell of burnt humans. His hunger quickly turned to disgust. He wanted to vomit, but there was nothing to expel. He made his way towards the manor of Albeus. He kept his eyes and ears open hoping to hear someone.

Flashes of the children and families that once roamed this crowded village ran through Lexington's mind. The whorehouse was one of the few buildings standing. He wondered why that was so. 

Aside from Albeus' manor, the whorehouse was the only other two-floored building in Shantei. Most of the top floor had collapsed to the first, but the main corridor remained intact. Lexington remembered that there was a basement Selia had used as storage. He wondered. Hope gripped him.

The entrance to the storage basement was blocked by light debris. Lexington merely had to kick most of it off. A cracked wooden beam wedged the door closed. He used what strength he had left to shove the beam aside and pried the door open. It was pitch black inside. He felt his hope fleeting. He wedged the basement door open and proceeded inside. The light from the outside was enough to peek in. Inside he found Selia and the girl who had been pleasuring Hangoot lying on the floor. Adrenaline coursed through his veins as he leaped towards them. He cupped Selia's face in his hands gently. 

"Selia" he whispered, but she was dead.

The girl next to him coughed. Lexington turned to her and lifted her head off the ground with care. 

"Girl, are you hurt?"

The girl shook her head looking into Lexington's eyes then closed them again. She fell unconscious. He scanned up and down her body. She was scantily clothed as were most of Selia's girls, but she looked unharmed save for minor scratches and bruising on her arms and legs. He picked her up fortunate that she was light.

The sun was near setting and from the whorehouse entrance, he could see the Albeus' manor. The entire top floor had fallen into the manor. The doorway itself was sealed with rubble. Lexington panned around and saw one home that was still standing more so than the rest. Again, hope had gripped him.

Inside, Lexington placed the girl on the bed and found a jug of water that was untouched. He drank as he had never drunk before. He filled a small cup with some and proceeded to serve it to the girl.

"Wake up" he said softly.

The girl opened her eyes. Lexington placed the edge of the cup to her full lips and she drank. She laid her head back down, but seemed renewed with energy. 

"What is your name?" Lexington asked.

"Mara" she replied.

"Do you know if the other girls escaped?"

Mara shook her head. "I heard the roar of the bad men, but at that point Selia had only taken me to the basement. We felt the ground shake around us then the door slammed shut. Selia was hit by it and fell down the stairs. I don't know if she..."

Lexington's eyes began to cloud. Mara knew what she had feared. Selia had died. The two wept silently. Lexington leaned himself to the side of the bed where Mara was and closed his eyes. He had no idea what he was to do next.

---

Sunlight reached through the holes in the ceiling of the small house that Lexington and Mara had found refuge. The light that struck Lexington in the eyes was enough to wake him. It was morning. Fortunately, Mara was still sound asleep. Lexington felt reenergized with a sense of purpose. He knew that the only course of action was to follow Albeus' escape trench and go from there. 

Lexington searched the house for food and found only scraps of bread. He set aside most of it for Mara when she woke. As he began eating, his chewing had woken Mara.

She slowly sat up. Lexington turned to face her.

"How are you feeling?"

"Better. May I have some?"

Lexington handed the bread to Mara.

"What are we to do now?"

"We're going to follow Albeus' trench. I fear that's only option."

"What about the River Luildel bridge?"

"I want to avoid it."

Mara nodded. She knew it was from that direction that the Shadowmen had come from. Mara began to cry quietly. "Why did this happen?"

Lexington sat next to her and placed an arm over her. "I don't know." But in truth, he knew that Thraxa was there for him, though he did not know why she allowed him to live. It was unlike Shadohinus, the lord of Avariceal, to attack mankind. Mankind was merely insects in the great war between the Omnipotent and Shadohinus.

"When do we leave?"

"When you're strong enough."

"Then we should go now."

Lexington nodded. He admired her resolve. Lexington knew that the true character of man was always revealed when it was time to fight for survival.

Mara stood before Lexington did. She raised her arms and stretched. As she raised her arms, her short dress raised enough for Lexington to catch a glance of the under curves of her large round buttocks. He had remembered watching her use her ass with such skill. He was becoming aroused despite being ashamed at the realization, though he could not take his eyes off it. 

Mara stepped towards the entrance and peeked out. "I think we should go."

Lexington stood and followed her out. They exited the west gate and found the hidden trench nearby. He found himself hoping that this part of the journey would be easy for he now feared for the safety of Mara.

The distance from the entrance of the trench to the Luildel River dock was much longer than Lexington had anticipated. It was already past noon and still they could see nothing other than the stretch of the trench. Fortunately, the heat of the sun was favorable. There was also an accompanying cool breeze that made its way through the trench. It seemed to blow the two forward as if aiding them somehow. 

Lexington walked a step behind Mara. He enjoyed the breeze. Every time it blew through, it lifted her dress just enough to catch a glimpse of that robust ass he so desperately wanted to fuck. If her dress didn't lift up, the breeze pressed her dress against her waist and ass clearly displaying their wonderful form. He found himself surprised to find that though her ass was huge her hips weren't strikingly wide. The disproportion aroused him even more.

Lexington paused for a moment. He was alarmed that every thought was apparently lustful. Was this a result of his encounter with Thraxa or was this simply the defining aspect of what it was to be human? Even so, the thought was a mere discomfort while remembering that he still had Mara to protect.

A little while later and the two were under the shadow of the trench. Night was coming soon and though they still had water, they had nothing to eat. Mara suddenly yelped and quickened her pace. The bouncing produced by her quick steps caused her dress to sway higher giving Lexington full view of her round ass. He felt his penis surge once again.

"What is it?" Lexington called out.

"I found food!"

Mara came back with a satchel filled with dried berries. Lexington could not have been more excited. He had decided that they stop for the night. The trench provided some shelter though the night breeze blew even harder through.

After their small meal, Lexington found that the night was unusually comfortable. Though they sat in the protection of the trench, the cooled air that occasionally blew through was enough to give Mara chills. Mara scooted herself against Lexington and wrapped her arms around herself, Lexington's penis began to harden. He peeked down to see Mara's left breast partially exposed. Even in the nighttime he could see her obvious tan. The auburn color of her skin was something he favored. As he watched her breathe, he could see her hardened nipples. He felt his penis strain for release.

Lexington focused his attention upward at the night sky. He took a deep breath and tried to think of other things. He closed his eyes to think of Enama. This, of course, didn't help. He could only see Enama's almond shaped eyes, the curvature of her lips, the way her hair fell over her perky breasts as she mounted him and rode him during sex.

Lexington's penis remained rock hard though he desired otherwise. To his surprise, he felt Mara grasp his erection. He looked down to see the tent that his penis had caused with his garment. She slid his penis free of the garment, bent her head forward and placed his engorge head between her lips.

"Mara, we shouldn't..." Lexington gasped as she skillfully took the entirety of his penis in her mouth. He felt his head push against the back of her throat as she slid her tongue against the underside of his shaft and part of his testicles. Mara then pulled back leaving only the head of Lexington's penis squeezed between her lips. She used both her small hands to stroke his shaft. The slobber she left behind made her hands slick, but she tightened her grasp. 

Lexington could no longer hold his load as he shot his seed into Mara's willing mouth. She continued to stroke him until he was finished. She looked up at Lexington and smiled. She then rose to her knees and met his eye level.

"Your turn" Mara whispered with a smile. She stood and raised her dress enough to expose her already soaking vagina. She grasped tufts of Lexington's hair and pressed his mouth to her clit. He began to tantalize her clit with his lips and tongue. Mara moaned in response. Lexington slid his arms up her side and reached for her breasts. He squeezed them gently. Mara took hold of one of his hands, bent forward and began to suck on three of his fingers. She ran her tongue up, down, and in between each of the three while Lexington continue to go at her clit. 

Mara then motioned Lexington's hand in between her legs. She reached behind her, grabbed his hand, and positioned the three fingers at her sphincter. She took hold of one finger and slowly guided it in. She gasped. She then took in the second and third finger to their knuckles. Her vaginal juices began to drip down her legs as Lexington continued to work her clit with his tongue and lips while sliding his fingers in and out of her asshole. 

Lexington could sense Mara was close to orgasm and felt himself erect once again. An instant later, Mara brought her hands to her mouth and moaned into them as she orgasmed. She leaned against Lexington and went limp. He turned her then guided her onto his lap. Her back was pressed to his chest as her legs spread forward over his. She tilted her head back over her shoulder and turned to kiss him. 

"Put that cock of yours in my ass," Mara quietly demanded.

Smiling, Lexington lifted Mara enough so that she could guide his erection into her ass. He let her down slowly as she once again tilted her head back. She used her feet to prop herself up. Lexington aided her by place his hands under her cheeks. In tandem, they worked his penis in and out of her tight rectum. With renewed vigor, Mara seemed to no longer need Lexington's aid. With her feet planted on the ground, she rocked her hips up and down. Lexington reached forward with one hand and used his fingers to toy with her clit while he used the other to play with her breast and nipple.

Mara moaned loudly as she reached her climax quickly. Lexington returned his hands to Mara's hips and started to buck her back and forth forcing his dick deeper into her. He began to grunt. The tightness of her rectum was unlike anything he had ever experience. He focused only on the now. The pressure was building inside his crotch and he knew he was close. He continued to assault her ass remorselessly. She screamed in pleasure. He finally cried allowed digging his penis as deep as he could. He felt his cock unload spurt after spurt of semen into her. The two went limp almost in sync. 

Lexington remained leaned against the wall of the trench as Mara remained sitting on top of him. With his cock still wedged in her ass, Lexington wrapped his arms around Mara. The two quickly fell asleep.

---

The ground around them began to rumble. Lexington quickly awoke to find Mara leaned against his side. The sun still had yet to rise, but Lexington hoped it would soon. The rumbling increased awaking Mara. 

"Wh-what's happening?" Mara asked, still half asleep.

"I don't know," Lexington quietly replied. He slowly rose to a crouch while the rumbling continued. He peered as far as he could down both ways of the trench, but he couldn't see anything. It was too dark.

The rumbling seized abruptly. A sinking feeling took hold of Lexington's gut. Somehow, he knew the worst had yet to come. Down the trench still a way off, he could hear the light stomping quickly making their way towards them. Lexington immediately knew what was coming -- Felhounds.

Of the few beasts that lived in the shadowlands of Avariceal, Felhounds were the most ferocious. They were bred in darkness and raised with cruelty and rage. 

Lexington turned to Mara and yelled, "Run!"

Mara didn't hesitate, she leapt to her feet and headed the opposite direction, but he knew they couldn't outrun the Felhounds. Lexington did not want to run. He was sick of running.

Lexington stood tall, listening as the Felhounds made their way. He closed his eyes and calmed his breathing. Death was on its way and he was ready. He clenched his fists, opened his eyes, and took a defensive stance. Death would not take him easily. 

The radiant emerald eyes of the Felhounds were visible. He could hear as their thick drool slapped at the sides of their snouts. They seemed to quicken their pace as they caught the scent of their prey.

Once Lexington could clearly make out their forms, he could see that there were three of them. As they got close enough, Lexington lunged forward towards the middle Felhound. His hands were opened. He planned to grab at the first one he could and with all his might to tear its head off. He had no hesitation. 

But something unexpected happened. In the instant just before he could take hold of the Felhound, he felt a familiar heat burn in his chest. It spread to his arms, legs, and face. The Felhounds could see the change. Vines bathed in pure white light outstretched itself over the skin and clothing of Lexington. As the white light faded, a silver metal was revealed. His Celestial armor had returned to him and with it his Celestial strength.

As Lexington's hands met the snout of the Felhound, the Felhound bit down on his hands but its jagged teeth could not cut through the armor that had surrounded his combatant. Both the Felhound and the restored Celestial fell hard to the ground. With the beast's head now in Lexington's full grasp, Lexington tightened his grip and pulled the Felhound's head clear off its body.

Drenched in the dark red blood of his victim, the Celestial stood. His eyes flared a bright blue as his long lost longsword Aequitas formed itself from hilt to blade in his right hand.

The two other Felhounds took pause, growled, and then charged. It was all they could do before Lexington slashed at them with his obsidian-shaded longsword. Two precise swipes were all it took as the Felhounds heads fell severed from their bodies.

As quickly as it started, it had finished and Lexington's armor and weapon faded from existence. He found himself clean of the Felhounds blood, though their carcasses remained. Footsteps approached behind him. He turned quickly responding in his defensive stance where he saw Mara.

"We have to get going. There will be more," Lexington said firmly.

He took hold of Mara's hand and they made off towards the River Luildel where Lexington hoped they would find Enama and her family.

There was a smell created by the River Luildel water mixed with its surrounding land was very distinctive to Lexington though he couldn't describe why. It was because of this smell that he knew he and Mara were close to the docks where Albeus, former lord of Shantei, had stashed his escape boats.

"We're almost there," Lexington said comfortingly.

Mara smiled in return.

The two quickened their pace as excitement built. The sun was nearing it's peak in the sky and though the clear visibility gave Lexington some comfort, the sudden return of his Celestial powers was disconcerting. He wondered how his powers were restored. He worried that it may be a ploy of Thraxa's though he knew that Valkyrie didn't have such capability. Did they?

As they neared the end of the trench, they approached the docks. They were as Lexington expected them to be -- abandoned. He let go of Mara's hand and stepped towards the edge of the bank. He watched the water of River Luildel run its course towards the north. He knew that the water emptied into the Sapphire Sea. In hopes to find some trace of Enama, Lexington scoured the banks. 

Finally, he found a footprint. The pattern of the sandal was similar to the pattern Lexington had noticed of Edalo's sandals. 

"Look here, Mara." Once he caught her attention, Lexington nodded in the direction of the footsteps. It appears that Edalo and someone else had walked along the bank. The footprints were clear as day. He proceeded to grab Mara's hand once again and the two took to the trail.

The scenery had not changed much. The rocks that lined the bank of the river were just as jagged as the rocks that were near the docks. The trail seemed to go on forever. Lexington started to worry that this may be a trap, but he shook it off. He knew that the trench was one of the best-kept secrets of Shantei. But then again, those that chased him weren't mere humans. They were agents of Avariceal, the only worthy opponents of the Celestial Legion.
