 Chapter 5 -- The Truth

Three months have passed since Lexington first discovered that Shadohinus had put his own establishment of Shadowmen on what was formally Shantei. Though Lexington doubted that Shadohinus had any idea that Lexington had grown to love the city, the fact still pained Lexington to the core. He vowed that he would restore the village that he had once called home. 

Every night since Lexington discovered Shadohinus' new territory on earth, Lexington expected an attack on Shahemein. He was anxious to hear the giant alarm bells ring and the booming of the war horn, but every night nothing happened. 

Aside from Lexington's fears, he experienced equally joyful times. After their second month of living in Shahemein, Albeus had arranged for Lexington and Enama to wed. Over the course of the months, Lexington and Enama had watched Enama's belly grow larger with the growth of their baby. Lexington could not even begin to wrap his mind around the ramifications of the offspring of a Celestial and a human. 

Lexington had also noticed that with each passing day, his powers were almost completely restored. The powers of far sight, increased strength, increased physical resistance, and recallable armor were at his dispense. Flight was the only ability that Lexington could not summon. Though his increased strength allowed him to jump higher than any living man, it was not close to what he was able to do with flight. 

Albeus and his son, Edalo, were granted the position of Keepers of Coin of Shahemein. Though Edalo was merely his father's assistant, he was every bit as much involved in the finances of the great city as Albeus. Because of the new position, Albeus had Lexington replace him as the new Chairmen of Shantei. Lexington also continued to meet with the elderly Gaous, the Chiefman of the First Quarter of Shahemein. 

Because of their friendship, Lexington was able to discuss with Gaous and his military advisor, Cresus, on how to best defend themselves against Shadohinus and his Shadowmen army. Lexington knew that the Shadowmen were a threat that mankind had never before seen and defense was their only option. 

War against the realm of Avariceal, Lexington thought, was the last thing he would want the people of Shahemein, let alone the world, to experience. Shadohinus and his legions would have to go through him first.

---

As his powers returned, the Lexington had noticed that his need for sleep had diminished almost entirely. He found it strange that though he could still be aroused and have sex with Enama his Celestial abilities were almost returned completely. He didn't understand any of it. Every question brought him back to the same exact question -- how could a Celestial fall and become human?

Every sleepless from then on, Lexington would wait for Enama to fall asleep and quietly make his way out of the house. He would trek up the surrounding walls of Shahemein and circle the walls. Occasionally, he would peer over to what used to be Shantei at the army of Shadohinus. Every night was the same in Shantei. Members of the Shadowmen army would fuck in what appeared to be a ritualistic orgy. Every time Lexington used his far sight, he would try to see past Shantei and follow the blackened trail that he had initial discovered. The blackened trail led so deeply into the Badlands that Lexington wondered if he would ever be able to see that far. 

As he continued his patrol atop the walls of Shahemein, he noticed something moving in the distance to the north. He used his far sight to get a closer look. There were five people all cloaked in black and they were moving inhumanly fast. He refocused his sight on the guards atop the wall and realized they hadn't noticed. 

Shadowmen, Lexington thought. He knew he had to deal with them himself to avoid causing a panic. He took one of the grappling ropes, attached the end to a pillar, and repelled himself to the ground outside the walls. He landed quietly and quickly. He felt that Celestial warmth fill his chest and then his body as his armor wrapped itself around him. He made his way towards the unknown assailants.

As he moved closer, he noticed that the assailants didn't notice him. Finally within charging distance, Lexington let his eyes blaze with blue. The flashing of his eyes had startled the assailants in their tracks. Lexington charged at them with his right hand stretched out and summoned his blade Aequitas. He gripped the hilt with both hands and prepared to slash at closest one. As he got closer, he noticed the five were in a spread formation -- a W shaped positioning of soldiers used for defense. It suddenly dawned on him that these weren't Shadowmen, they were Celestials.

"Halt!" cried the voice of the Celestial Soldier in the middle. He was the only one unarmed while the other four were standing with blades in hand in a defensive stance. 

Lexington paused. A trick, he thought. He stayed in his offensive stance with Aequitas in hand. "Who are you?" Lexington demanded.

The Celestial pulled back his hood and replied, "You know me, sir." 

It was true. Lexington immediately recognized the man as Ishmael, a soldier of the Celestial army.

"How did you get here?" Lexington asked earnestly.

"We can talk, but first we must get inside the city."

Lexington shook his head.

"Tell me now."

Ishmael nodded his head in compliance. "Sir, there's much you do not know."

"Now," Lexington demanded.

Ishmael nodded again while standing firm as a lower ranking soldier would. "Lexington, sir, we don't have much time. But I will do as commanded. Like you, we have also fallen from the realm of the Omnipotent. But unlike you, we remember what happened."

"How do you know I don't remember how I fell?"

"If you did, you wouldn't have remained in Shahemein for so long."

"How is this possible? How can Celestials become human?"

At this point, the other four unknown Celestials had sheathed their swords and were standing just as upright as Ishmael. Ishmael raised his hand and motioned one of them forward. The one on the far right of Ishmael stepped to Ishmael's side.

"My name is Daniel," the Celestial said. "I'm the one who informed Ishmael of your falling."

Lexington slowly shook his head in disbelief. "Well, out with it!" he impatiently proclaimed.

Daniel took a step towards Lexington and began by saying, "Sir, the Omnipotent is no longer the great lord and commander you remember. As a soldier, we were created never to question and so we did what ever the Omnipotent commanded."

"What does this have to do with anything?" Lexington asked in anger.

"We have been losing the war against Shadohinus. Before you fell, you led the fight against the lord of Avariceal at the Ethereal Gate. It was the closest any non-Celestial has ever been to the realm of the Omnipotent and if weren't for you, the realm would have been overtaken."

"I... I don't remember..."

Daniel nodded, "that's not where it ended. Though you were able to stall Shadohinus, you did not defeat them. Demetriux, the Valkyrie Lord, took you and a few other Celestials they left alive. They stood outside the Ethereal Gate as Shadohinus slowly amassed the legions of his Shadowmen army. The Omnipotent himself came to the gate."

Lexington felt as though he could no longer stand. He almost fell until Ishmael grabbed him then set him against nearby boulder.

Daniel continued by saying, "the Omnipotent made a deal with Shadohinus. Instead of Shadohinus having the realm of the Omnipotent, the Omnipotent offered him earth instead."

"Why did Shadohinus take that offer? He could've just as easily stormed the Ethereal Gate."

"Shadohinus could have, but as you know there are laws that govern those who dwell in Cielos, the realm of the Omnipotent."

"Sex."

Daniel nodded. "If Shadohinus ruled from the realm of the Omnipotent, he would lose his ability and even the desire to engage in sexual acts. But Shadohinus demanded one more thing."

"What?"

"He wanted Celestial Soldiers."

Lexington began to shake his head slowly in disbelief.

Daniel nodded remorsefully then said, "Though Demetriux eventually let you return to Cielos, it was only for a short time so that you could properly heal. Shadohinus had demanded two thirds of the Celestial Army. Because Celestials were created with the aspect of unwavering loyalty, Shadohinus had to abide by one condition. He had to wait until the Omnipotent sent Celestials to earth so that they could become human."

Lexington was stunned in disbelief.

"This was also the reason why the Omnipotent agreed to the two thirds of his army being sent to earth."

"What?"

"The Omnipotent thought that once the Celestials became human, they would stay human and thereby be nothing compared to the might of a Celestial. He didn't know that Fallen would eventually regain their powers. There is some truth, however, to the Omnipotent's original thought. Though we do regain our powers, Fallen are not as powerful as Celestials."

"Fallen?"

"It's what we call ourselves. Celestials who have been sent to earth to become soldiers of Shadohinus."

"But we have a choice," Lexington interrupted.

"We do and most of us did choose."

"Choose what?"

"Of the 500,000 Celestial Soldiers that became Fallen, only a few thousand had chosen to follow Shadohinus."

"And what of the other?"

"We decided that fate was ours to make," Ishamel proudly stepped forward while answering for Daniel. Ishmael stuck his hand out towards Lexington and said, "Now rise, sir, we must get into hiding."

---

Lexington took the five Fallen into the city and brought them to the Fourth Quarter where he knew there was an arrangement of shacks that had yet to be occupied. 

After they all made their way in, Lexington shut the creaky wooden door and said, "I'm sorry for the condition of this place, but it's all I could offer."

Ishamel raised his hands and said, "No apology necessary, sir, this bodes well for us."

Four of the Fallen and Lexington began to sit while Daniel remained standing. "Sir, I was there when you fell to Demetriux, when the Omnipotent made the deal, and when the Omnipotent began to send Celestials to earth. I was also there when Shadohinus had revealed he wanted you to serve in his army as well. You stood against the Omnipotent's choice and tried to reason with him. It was the first time any of us had witness a Celestial question an Omnipotent's command. It was then we realized that we obeyed only the Omnipotent and when the Omnipotent cowardly made the deal with Shadohinus, he was no longer the Omnipotent. The Omnipotent still had the power to send us to earth, but it was different with you than with the others. Because he required greater effort to do it, you fell to earth in a blaze of fire and landed in the Badlands."

Ishmael then began to speak by saying, "Because you fell in such a drastic way, we thought you were dead. It wasn't until we sensed you Shantei and then in Shahemein for so long that we assumed you lost your memory."

"Important memories," Lexington added.

Ishmael and Daniel nodded.

"I was the one of the last Celestials to fall before Gavreel, the High Seraph, stood against the Omnipotent. Gavreel and the rest of the Celestial Army cast the Omnipotent out of Cielos."

"What happened to the Omnipo... what happened to him?"

"We don't know," Ishmael answered. "Honestly, we don't care. What our main concern is that we must defend earth against Shadohinus and we cannot rely on the aid of Gavreel because it was the Omnipotent who granted us access to earth."

"What can Gavreel do?"

"We don't know. We cannot communicate with them," Ishmael answered solemnly. 

It was with that answer that Lexington had noticed the light that had bled in. It was morning already. He sighed heavily. Again, he was left with questions. Even more questions that before. It wasn't until now that Lexington realized the other three unnamed Celestials were women.

"I apologize for my manners," Lexington then said and asked, "What are your names?"

"Esther, sir," one answered.

"Beth, sir," another answered.

"Sera," the last answered.

Lexington nodded and replied, "Nice to meet you."

Ishmael then stood, "Sir, I'm sorry, but I was rushing for a reason. We must regroup with the Fallen and you must lead us."

"Why me?"

"You're the highest ranking Fallen. Mikel and Gavreel survived the Purge therefore they remained in Cielos."

"But, I have people to protect here and a life..."

Ishmael interrupted, "Forgive me, sir, but they mean nothing if Shadohinus' legions reach their full strength. They are at Shahemein's door step and if your life is here, it will surely be destroyed if the Fallen don't do something about it."

Lexington paused. What would he tell Enama? The truth, of course, but their baby... He needed to protect their baby.

"Lexington," Ishmael said sternly. "The Fallen have little chance against Shadohinus right now, but with your leadership, we may be able to expose their faults."

Daniel then added, "Keep in mind that like us, Shadowmen and other agents of Shadohinus are weaker on earth compared to being in their respective realms."

Ishmael nodded, "Lexington, we can do this, but we need you."

Lexington nodded. He quickly rose to his feet. "Wait for me here, I must speak with my family."

Ishmael nodded and replied, "Go, but hurry. Every moment we wait, the Shadowmen Army grows in number."

---

Lexington ran towards the home of his family. He thought of nothing else but Enama and their unborn child. As he approached the house, there he saw Enama sitting on the porch while she was knitting something together. He could see her smile. Lexington walked up the steps as Enama held up what she was working on.

"Like the color?" Enama said with a smile. "It's going to be a blanket for the baby when he's born."

"He?" Lexington asked as he sat next to Enama.

"He, she, I don't know. I figure it's easy to just stick with one until he's born."

Lexington nodded. 

Enama could see the solemnness in his eyes. "What's the matter? You'd rather call him 'her' instead?"

Lexington gave a faint smile at the joke then replied, "I have a lot to tell you."

---

It took Lexington the entire rest of the morning and well into the afternoon to explain everything to Enama. Though she was also stunned, she took it better than Lexington did at first. He knew she was comforted by the fact that he was no longer the only Fallen on earth. 

"You will do what you can," Enama said sternly. "I know you will."

Lexington nodded. Lexington then proceeded to tell Albeus of his plans to leave with Ishmael and his group back to where the Fallen had made camp. He wanted Albeus to speak with Gaous and have Gaous and Cresus quicken the defensive fortification of Shahemein. 

Night had come to quickly. He had just finished saying his farewells to Edalo and Lani and had learned that they planned to marry within the next few days. He expressed his regret that he would miss the occasion. At this point, Enama was already up in their room on her rocking chair. Her belly was large enough to the point where sitting on normal chairs were uncomfortable. 

Lexington entered the room, Enama had her head tilted back on the chair though she continued to rock it. Lexington stepped towards her and placed a hand on her shoulder lightly. 

"It's time," he said quietly.

Enama opened her eyes and gazed upon him lovingly. 

She is so beautiful, Lexington thought. How could he leave her. He bent forward and placed his lips on her full soft lips. She reached up and placed her hands at the back of his neck and pulled him closer. Enama then slid her tongue up and over his while inside each other's mouths. Lexington felt his penis stir. As if on queue, Enama reached under his garment and grabbed hold of his penis and began to stroke it. He felt his penis harden quickly and at that point, Enama began to gently caress his testicles with her other hand.

Enama then stood up while the two continued to kiss and placed her free hand on his chest and began to motion him towards the bed. Lexington walked backwards until he felt his calves hit the edge of the bed and then he sat down. She smiled seductively as she placed both her hands on his chest and motioned him onto his back. Once he lied down, she pulled his cock from under his garment and bent forward to take his pulsing shaft into her mouth. She expertly guided the head of his penis to the back of her throat. Lexington eyes rolled back in pleasure as he felt her work her tongue against the underside of his shaft. Enama began to fondle Lexington's balls while she worked his cock in and out of her mouth. She kept her lips pressed tightly against his shaft. Enama then began to suck only on the head of his cock and used both her hands to jack his saliva-coated shaft.

Satisfied with her work, Enama let go of his cock and stepped onto the bed and mounted Lexington. She reached behind her and grabbed Lexington's cock by the shaft and pressed the mushroom head in between her ass cheeks and up against her tight sphincter. She then lowered her hips onto Lexington's with her sphincter reluctant to open up. She pressed her hips a little lower and finally her sphincter gave way. 

Lexington grasped Enama's muscular thighs enjoying the incredible tightness of the grip her anal muscles had on his rock hard cock. Enama slowly lower herself as her ass engulfed Lexington's cock inch by inch until finally she felt his pubes on her ass cheeks. Enama then proceeded to raise herself slowly, exposing the shaft of his cock then lowered herself again slowly. Lexington felt as if he were to blow his load right then and there. Enama could tell so she would pause when she noticed him wince in pleasure.

Once he calmed down a bit, she began to raise her hips again then push back down as her ass engulfed his cock entirely. Though her ass was now adjusted to the thickness of his penis, she still felt tight and thanks to her saliva, she was also smooth. Enama began to raise her hips up and down on his cock faster. She bounced her hips on his. 

From what little light came in, Lexington could see the sweat form around Enama's forehead and chest. He loved watch her large breasts bounce with her movement. Though her belly was big, it didn't bother him. She had never been so beautiful. Enama's moans became louder the faster she went. Lexington felt himself close to ejaculation again. He gripped Enama's thighs harder and grunted loudly as he shot his semen into Enama's tight ass. Enama continued to bounce her hips as she felt herself fill with his cum.

It wasn't long after till Enama felt herself reach orgasm as she let out a gasp and slowed her bounce to a steady halt. She let out a sigh with her hips still rested on Lexington's and his dick still buried in her ass. Enama then bent forward and placed her head just under Lexington's chin. As Lexington's cock began to soften, it slowly slid out of Enama's ass and once it did, cum slowly leaked out.

How can I leave this woman, Lexington thought to himself as he drifted off into sleep.

---

Lexington couldn't have been asleep for more than an hour. The night sky outside his balcony was just as dark when him and Enama had made love. Enama was fast asleep as Lexington bent down to give her a kiss on the forehead.

"I love you," he whispered before he turned and made his way out of the home of Albeus. 

A few moments later, he entered the shack where Ishmael, Daniel, Esther, Beth, and Sera were waiting. 

Ishmael stood and asked, "Shall we go then?"

Lexington nodded in reply.

The other four stood and followed Ishmael and Lexington on their way out. Lexington decided to exit the city through the small gates. Because they were exit only gates, the guards posted there were very unlikely to ask questions. Ishmael informed Lexington that the Fallen Encampment was north west of Shahemein. He led them towards the Uestshahe gate. 
