 Hypno Girl took a deep breath as she entered the seedy nightclub. Coming here was risky, but she felt confident that her mental powers would protect her from any threat. Besides, with Psionica battling the tentacle monsters on Alteron Five, Hypno Girl was the only available member of the Justice Society with the telepathic power to find Cosmic Girl and rescue her from the awful clutches of Mr. Sleaze. In fact, she hadn't told any of the other heroes about her mission here, because they would have insisted on joining her - and that could have caused all sorts of problems. Sleaze might have psionic alarms and traps to alert him to the presence of superheroes - and in a crowd like this, it was hard enough to conceal her own thoughts without having to shield others as well. Besides, she had lived in Psionica's shadow for long enough; it was time to prove what she could do on her own.

Cosmic Girl was definitely in this building somewhere. After that awful television broadcast just a few hours ago, Hypno Girl had scanned the city for her fellow heroine's mental signature. It had been surprisingly hard to locate her; it almost seemed as though Cosmic Girl's mental pattern had been altered. She had certainly seemed like a different person in that broadcast. Cosmic Girl was a proud, virtuous heroine. There was no way that she would have willingly given herself to a thug like Sleaze, nor would she have participated in a lascivious orgy for all to see. She would have battled against those enemies, rather than letting them lick her body and sink their swollen cocks into her pussy again and again. No, they had to have corrupted her, somehow turning the proud, beautiful girl into a wanton sex addict.

That wasn't going to happen to Hypno Girl. Although she was wearing only a scant black evening gown, her mental shields made her feel like she was completely protected against whatever Mr. Sleaze could do to her.

But the nightclub was far worse than she imagined it would be. The place was a sea of people, dancing and writhing next to each other - many of them wearing almost nothing. Thick, strange-smelling smoke permeated the air like a fog. Multi-colored lights swirled through the room, briefly illuminating people before disappearing and leaving them in darkness. A loud, driving rhythm pulsed through the club, like a lustful heartbeat that everyone shared. It was like entering a dream, a hellish dream that threatened to ensnare and consume all who entered.

As she made her way deeper into the club, she projected her thoughts outward, mentally searching for Cosmic Girl. Within seconds, she realized what a terrible mistake she had made. Her mind was suddenly flooded with erotic images, and she felt as though a wave of heat was coursing through her body. She must have staggered, because a strong pair of arms had encircled her. She looked up at her rescuer in confusion, and then felt an overwhelming desire to kiss him, to feel his tongue touching hers...

No! With a gasp, she snapped her mental shield back to full strength. The images and urges receded, and she felt herself slowly returning to normal. Stammering an apology, she pried herself away from the man who held her and moved deeper into the club. She felt stupid, ashamed, and more than a little horny. She should have known there would be a trap like that, but what amazed her was its power. If she hadn't reinstated her shielding, it wouldn't have been long before she was nakedly bouncing up and down on that guy's penis. It wasn't a comforting thought.

What was she going to do now? She didn't dare risk another scan, but she couldn't just leave Cosmic Girl in this terrible place. She felt dizzy and disoriented from the mental assault. Her thoughts had become hazy, like the smoke that clouded the room. She dimly saw a woman dancing on top of a bar, wearing a red dress that revealed far more of her young body than it should have. She disappeared when the light faded - and when it returned, she was being pulled down into a throng of men who began to tear away her dress. Hypno Girl instinctively moved toward her, but then she vanished again in a sea of music and darkness. When she saw the woman again, her legs being held apart, and someone's head was leaning down next her crotch. The woman smiled with a dazed expression before the light faded again, and she was lost.

This was insane. Hypno Girl had to get out of here before she ended up like that woman. It was taking all of her power just to block out the hypnotic, lustful influences of this place. She had no energy to spare for telepathy, telekinesis, or anything else that she could usually do to defend herself. She couldn't even signal for help. It occurred to her that she was just an ordinary young woman, surrounded by a horde of men who would eagerly fuck her brains out. And if Mr. Sleaze found out she was here, if he was able to capture her and corrupt her the way he had corrupted Cosmic Girl, then she might spend the rest of her life as a sex-hungry monster.

She started to push her way through the crowd, desperate to reach the exit. She hadn't gotten very far before a strong hand grabbed her arm. Whirling in panic, she found that it was Captain Justice who had stopped her. Her momentarily relief vanished when she saw that he wasn't wearing any clothing. Nor was Cosmic Girl, who stood next to him. Both of them were smiling at her, but they weren't the kinds of smiles that she wanted to see.

"Come on, guys," said Hypno Girl. "We have to get out of here." She tried to wrestle free from Captain Justice's grip, but it was no use. With his free hand, he reached up inside the bottom of her dress.

"What are you doing?" she shrieked. "Stop it!"

She could feel his hand sliding up her thigh, and knew what he was after.

"No!" she gasped. "No, we have to escape! Quickly!"

His fingers delved into her panties and began to rub her slit. Cosmic Girl had moved next to her and was tugging the strap of her dress away from her shoulder.

"Please!" she cried, trying in vain to squirm free. "Don't do this to me!"

Cosmic Girl was sucking her exposed nipple now, sending warm jolts of electricity through her body. Captain Justice began to rub her pussy harder now. She could feel herself getting wetter by the second.

"No..." she moaned. "Stop it..."

As her body started to respond to the licking and rubbing, her concentration began to falter. Lustful thoughts began to seep through the widening cracks in her mental armor. She became increasingly aware that she could just succumb to them and allow herself to be carried away in a wave of pleasure. She looked down at Captain Justice's powerful cock. Wouldn't it feel great to have that hard meat sliding inside her?

"No! I won't give in! I won't...unghhh! Oh, no!"

Captain Justice was now sliding two fingers in and out of her moist vagina, making sure to graze her clit as he did so. Cosmic Girl continued to kiss her swollen nipple, and had started to caress her other breast as well.

"Please...don't make me..."

Her whole body started to tremble. Cosmic Girl's tongue flicked insistently against her hard nipple. The fingers on her pussy were gliding fast and hard, in and out, rubbing her, in and out, stroking her hard clit; she was getting wetter; the fingers kept rubbing her, rubbing her, harder, faster, in and out, in and out; those fingers, wetter, harder, faster, in and out, in and out. It felt so good, too good...

"Yes! Yes! Oh, god, yes!"

Hypno Girl sank to the floor, convulsing and writhing. Cosmic Girl laughed with delight as Captain Justice rubbed his prey into a frenzy of ecstasy. Her mental shields were gone. There was nothing left to block out the Sleaze Rays that permeated the nightclub. While she helplessly thrashed and groaned, insidious energy bored into her mind, slowly transforming the young superheroine into a creature of lust. Every trace of virtue and morality were systematically replaced by deprativity and insatiable sexual hunger. And, of course, a desire to serve Mr. Sleaze, in any way imaginable.

As her orgasm faded, Hypno Girl realized what was happening to her. She feebly tried to restore her mental defenses, but it was too late. Her mind was swimming with images of sex, of hard cocks plunging in and out of her gooey snatch. She had never felt so horny before; every inch of her body ached to be caressed and suckled. She realized that she was surrounded by a crowd of men, some of whom were pulling their pants down. She could fuck all of those men. She could fuck any man she wanted to. Why hadn't she thought of that before? With her mental powers, she could make any man her slave.

But there was something wrong with that, wasn't there? She watched dazedly as Captain Justice began to tear her dress off, revealing her naked young flesh to everyone. He used to be so nice, so noble - and now he was going to fuck her. He had been completely corrupted, and the same thing was happening to her. She didn't want to be corrupted, did she? Or did she? She thought of Psionica, and how her mentor would have scolded her for being defeated so easily. But then again, Psionica didn't know how good it felt to have Cosmic Girl sucking her nipples. Psionica couldn't know how exciting it was to see Captain Justice spreading her legs apart, guiding his massive cock toward her waiting pussy. He was going to do it, and that would be the end of her - the end of the heroic person she had been. With one last supreme effort, she focused all of her remaining will into a telepathic signal to Psionica, wherever she was. Psionica would hear her, would come to her rescue...would come...would come...

The tip of that penis probed her moist lips, sending a thrill of lustful anticipation through her body. She gasped as it slowly sank inside her, filling her up with hot, hard pleasure. There were no more thoughts of rescue. Even if Psionica appeared right now, Hypno Girl would beg her to leave so that she could get the fucking she needed. That cock, that wonderful cock, sawing in and out of her juicy twat. Why would she have wanted to resist this? She watched Captain Justice's face as he drilled her young pussy. She mentally urged him to fuck her harder, faster. He eagerly complied to her unspoken request, growling with lust as his mighty erection plunged in and out of her sex hole at a frenzied pace. She moaned helplessly, her thoughts dissipating into a sea of mounting excitement as he fucked her, and fucked her, and fucked her. She couldn't bear it anymore; she had to scream her pleasure to the world. Her body thrashed with orgasmic electricity as her mind gave way to an ecstasy more powerful than she could ever have imagined.

Captain Justice wasn't done with her, of course. While she groaned and drooled, he kept sinking his powerful phallus into her sopping cunt. She could hear the deliciously wet sounds of his incessant fucking, and loved every second of it. He wasn't going to stop; she wasn't going to let him. He was going to blast his seed into her quivering twat, as often as she wanted him to - and that was going to pretty damn often.

She smiled, feeling his penis swelling even larger, burrowing deep inside her with savage urgency. With a roar that shook the building, Captain Justice came at last. His hot spunk erupted inside her, each spurt pummeling her womb with almost freight-train force. He kept cumming and cumming, pinning her down with his invincible strength while his penis pulsed inside her, disgorging its incredible load. There was so much cum, more than she would have thought possible. His orgasm seemed to go on forever, and she realized that this sperm bath could easily make her pregnant. This was the right time of month for her, and her egg wouldn't stand a chance against all this super sperm. That thought triggered another orgasm of her own, and she threw her head back and moaned as her body gave way to ecstasy.

And when she finally met Mr. Sleaze later that evening, she eagerly took his penis into her mouth and sucked him as if it was the only thing that she had ever wanted.

to be continued...