 Lexington awoke to the stirring of Enama fondling his testicles. The sun had yet to rise, but he didn't mind the early start to the day. Enama continued to caress his testicles in hand while gently placing kisses on his neck. 

"Good morning," Enama whispered lovingly.

"Good morning."

Lexington felt his penis surge with blood as he started running his hands over Enama's naked, smooth skin. He lightly brushed his fingers over Enama's stiff nipples before cupping her supple breast with his hand. She placed a quick kiss on his lips. Though it was too dark to see, he could feel her lips curl into a smile as she kissed him.

Enama slipped herself under the covers teasingly dragging her the fingers of her free hand downward along the firmness of Lexington's body. She continued to play with his testicles and grabbed the base of his fully erect penis. Lexington sunk the back of his head into the pillow in ecstasy as Enama placed the head of his penis in her mouth. She squeezed her lips around his shaft and pressed her tongue against the bottom of his penis as she engulfed it entirely. Enama proceeded to bob her head up and down rhythmically all the while manipulating his scrotum in her hand. Lexington gripped the sides of his bed as Enama brought him close to orgasm. 

Wanting to please Enama as well, Lexington motioned her to stop to her reluctance. He pulled her up to his side with her back facing him as he turned to lie on his side. He slid his right arm under Enama and slid two fingers into her mouth. With his free hand, he placed his hand on the side of Enama's hip and squeezed it lightly while pressing his erect penis in between the muscular cheeks of her buttocks. He then slid his saliva-drenched fingers down Enama's body and into her vagina. While continuing to grind his crotch against her butt, he wiggled his fingers up and down against Enama's clit. At this point, Enama's vagina was drenched as Lexington knew while inserting his fingers in an out of her vagina followed by tantalizing her clit.

Enama couldn't take it anymore. She turned, forced Lexington onto his back and mounted him. She shoved his penis into her soaked vagina and started rocking her hips back and forth, motioning his rock hard penis in and out. Enama gripped at Lexington's chest while he took hold of her hips to increase her pace. Sweat streaked its way from Enama's head, down her neck, in between her breasts and over her firm stomach. The mixture of sexual juices and sweat made Enama's sliding on top of Lexington all the more easy.

Lost in the pleasure of each other, Enama felt herself build to orgasm. Lexington knew due to her steady and quick pace. The tightness of her vagina made it so he could no longer hold his load. He lifted his hips into Enama as he ejaculated while Enama too was overcome by her orgasm, screaming in result. Enama collapsed onto Lexington's chest as both tried breathed in exasperation. He pulled the covers over them as the morning breeze started to cool them off. 

For months, Lexington and Enama had followed this morning ritual ever since that first night. Being a Celestial solder in the army of the Omnipotent was a fading memory, though the thought randomly gnawed Lexington during his idle time. 

Although it was tradition for a man and woman to be virgins upon marriage, Lexington and Enama were able to keep their sexual encounters a secret while posing as the appropriate courting couple. Though against Albeus' initial plans, he eventually grew to like the idea of the two. Albeus found comfort in knowing that Edrith, almost every bit as beautiful as Enama, would soon be old enough for Albeus to follow through with his plan.

---

The sun had risen once again, though Enama wouldn't awaken for a few more hours. Lexington scooted himself to the edge of the bed and stretched. He couldn't remember the last time he felt such bliss. Rays of sunshine bled through wherever his balcony curtain couldn't contain it. He could already hear the merchants bartering with the travelers, children laughing, and the multitudes conversing -- sounds he had grown to love.

Lexington threw on his robe and sandals and proceeded to head down to the lobby of the manor. Edalo had already been up, preparing his meal for the day. Lexington noticed the regal wear that Edalo was dressed in. He had remembered that Edalo was in the process of courting Lani, one of the daughters of Hoduras, a cropsmen of Shantei.

"Pleasant morning, Edalo, how are you?" Lexington asked politely.

"Pleasant morning it is, Lexington. I'm well. I'm off to meet with Hoduras for some business."

The two exchanged nods as Edalo left.

After Lexington had his meal, he decided to take a stroll around Shantei. He was still looking for a way to repay Albeus and Anila, but he figured at this point he could never repay what he now owed them. Although he understood the nature of debt in the human world, it did not exist in the realm of the Omnipotent. He grew wary upon realizing that he still needed to find a way home, but then he stopped to think.

Do I need to go home? Do I even want to go home? Lexington wondered.

Lexington continued to walk as he noticed the only thing he had hated about Shantei, the whorehouse. However, he found himself strangely drawn to it. He did not want to go in, but he felt compelled to at least see what was going on. There wasn't the usual amount moaning echoing from whorehouse, but then again it was still the morning.

Upon entering the room, there were three gorgeous women to greet him. Two of the three were new. 

Too young he thought as they smiled while they approached him.

Selia, the head mistress, was smiling seductively. Selia was dressed in an elegant flowing walnut colored dress. The color complimented Selia's peculiar light complexion. Her skin was mesmerizingly smooth and unlike most of the women of Shantei, the muscles in her arms and legs weren't as defined. He could tell that she spent of her time in doors and away from the hard labor that most women of Shantei endured. 

Two drapes of brown linen pressed her Selia's large breasts against her chest with her nipples proudly defined. Her dress exposed her lower back so much that you could almost see the point where her buttocks cleaved. Her hips were wide and swayed gracefully with each step. She had a strange way about her. She was dominant yet passive. She let men feel as if they were in control yet she was the one driving their decisions. Selia knew that men wanted her and she enjoyed the games she played on them. Lexington spent just as much time avoiding her as he did analyzing her. 

Selia placed her arm under Lexington's and wrapped it around his waste. She was much shorter than he, but her figure nonetheless was tantalizing. "What brings you here? I thought you were already taken care of," Selia teasingly asked.

Lexington smirked and replied, "I thought it'd be polite of me to stop by and greet your two new workers."

Selia smiled and said, "You don't dislike this place as much as you let on, good sir."

Lexington was at a loss for words. A nearby couple's moaning distracted him. Drawn to the source, he found that the moaning was coming from one of the corridors and stuck his head around the corner. He could see one of the travelers getting serviced by one of Selia's girls. Lexington couldn't recall her name either, but her graceful movement entranced him. 

The traveler was sitting on the bench that lined the corridor with his robe hiked up to his stomach. The girl looked as if she was sitting on him. Lexington watched as his swirled her hips on his. The girl was dressed in a white cloth that draped over one breast while the rest of her attire seemed to be on the floor. The traveler's head was leaned back against the wall with his eyes closed obviously paralyzed in the joy of it all. The traveler's placed his hands at the small of the girl's back. After a moment, the girl stood up. The traveler opened his eyes and smiled as the girl now faced him and mounted him while he remained seated. She reached back, grasped the shaft of his very long penis and positioned the engorged mushroom head in between her buttocks.

All this time Selia and the girls had been talking to him but Lexington did not hear them. He remained drawn to the girl. He leaned against the side of the entryway of the corridor and continued spectating. The only other thing he noticed was his own erection as his tip brushed against the corner of the corridor entryway.

He noticed that the girl had fixed the man's head of the penis against her anus. Lexington was surprised that she showed no pain as her ass easily swallowed the entirety of the traveler's large penis. As she pressed her waist down against the traveler's she was wrapped her arms around his neck. Lexington watched as she forced her tongue in out of the man's mouth. The girl began to bounce up and down on the man's penis as it went in and out of her apparently tight sphincter. The girl began to moan even louder than before.

Selia, the head mistress, had noticed Lexington's stiffness and she smiled. She quietly knelt beside him and slid his erection free of his robe. To her delight, Selia noticed that Lexington was still unaware of her presence. Selia took pride in her many abilities, especially her stealth. She marveled at his penis. It wasn't the largest or the thickest she had ever seen, but it was one she knew Lexington should be proud of. She opened her mouth wide and guided it over Lexington's tip. Once the head of his penis reached the back of her throat, Selia tightened her lips around and pressed her tongue up against Lexington's shaft. 

To her surprise, Lexington didn't move. He merely glanced at Selia gobbling his penis before quickly returning his focus to the girl and the traveler. He was still amazed at the girl's movement. The sweat draped over her back cast a sort of glow over her. The small muscles in her back and the dimples on her lower back glistened. Lexington was overcome with pleasure. He wanted to unload and though he would not voice it, he enjoyed what Selia was doing. Selia continued to bob her head on Lexington's shaft leaving it slick with saliva. Lexington glanced down at Selia again. He never noticed the thickness of her lips. They were thicker than Enama's. He felt his unloading coming soon, but he didn't want it so.

Lexington looked back at the two going at each other on the corridor bench. He could see that the traveler to was close to orgasm. The traveler suddenly grabbed the girl's hips and held her down as he groaned through out his orgasm. They paused for a moment, then the girl gave the traveler one last kiss and stood up. The traveler's noticeably shrunken penis plopped out of the girl's rectum. The girl bent down to pick her clothes up, used them to wipe the traveler's penis clean, then used what was left to clean in between her buttocks, and walked off. The traveler sunk to a slouch on the bench in haze.

Lexington finally gave Selia the attention she deserved. She was still working his penis and quite inexplicably, she held him at the point where he wanted to come so badly but he couldn't. Selia was still only using her mouth as she easily glided the penis in and out of throat. Lexington felt a tingling in his legs as if they were going numb. He held onto the wall as Selia started using her hands to stroke Lexington's shaft. It was all he needed to blow his load into her mouth. Selia continued to grip and stroke his shaft and sucking on the head of his penis as he unloaded into her mouth. She skillfully swallowed his sperm and stroked him clean.

Selia tucked Lexington's now flaccid penis back under his robe, stood up, and smiled. She gave Lexington a wink before saying, "Come back whenever you'd like"

Again, Lexington was at a loss for words. He adjusted his belt and made his way out of Selia's whorehouse.

---

It wasn't until close to noon when Lexington found his way back to the home of Albeus and his family. As usual, Albeus was in his chamber signing various parchments and meeting with travelers and merchants of Shantei. It was also during this time that Enama and her younger sister Edrith focused on their sowing duties as their mother, Anila, supervised.

Lexington sat himself next to Enama, admiring her craftsmanship. 

"Where have you been, my love?" Enama asked.

Lexington paused for a moment before answering.

"Is something wrong?" 

Lexington shook his head. "No, no. I was just admiring your handiwork. I took my usual trip around the town. Saw a few new travelers, but other than that the walk was uneventful."

Enama nodded as she carried on with her work.

Edalo poked his head in through the doorway. He was sweating. Lexington could tell he was worried about something.

"Lexington, father and I need you at the south wall at once" Edalo quickly said, then left.

Lexington glanced at Enama, then Edrith and Anila. They all shared his perplexed look. 

"I'm sure it's nothing," Anila said nonchalantly. 

Lexington gave a quick peck on Enama's forehead before making his way out. What could possibly be the problem? For one thing, there was nothing at the south gate but dirt. And for another thing, Lexington was almost sure that Albeus was in his work chamber.

Lexington arrived at the south gate where Albeus, Edalo, Mardul, and Mardul's guardsmen were arranged. 

"What's going on?" Lexington wondered.

Mardul turned, smiled and placed a hand on Lexington. Over the time Lexington had spent in Shantei, Mardul had grown to liking Lexington. Mardul admired Lexington's loyalty and unshakeable morality. 

Although all the men seemed worried, it seemed that only Albeus had the courage to answer. "The sheep were slaughtered in the night," Albeus said grimly.

"Whose sheep?" Lexington asked.

"Everyone's."

Lexington wondered how could this have happened. Lawbreakers were few and far between in Shantei and even the travelers were quick to learn the laws. Travelers loved Shantei for the women and that was enough of a reason to keep them peaceful. Besides, no traveler would benefit from slaughtering sheep.

Mardul motioned towards the south gate. "All the sheep in Shantei were slit at the throat and dumped here. Whoever did it wanted it to be found." 

Lexington had never seen Mardul look so grave. The months he spent in Shantei were so peaceful that Lexington would regularly question to himself why guardsmen would be needed in the first place.

Lexington turned to Albeus and asked, "Has anything like this ever happened before?"

Albeus shook his head. "Your time here, have you experienced anything but peace?"

Lexington nodded. Though the short run in with Enama and her trying to escape was obviously an exception, Albeus was right. Lexington had known and seen nothing but peace.

"This is the way of Shantei. It has always been a peaceful village and has even tamed the most violent of travelers. This is unprecedented," Albeus said sorrowfully.

Mardul cleared his throat and said "My lord, I will place two guardsmen at each entrance of the city. As for the sheep, we have already dispatched a rider to Shahemein to purchase enough to breed more."

Albeus nodded in thanks. Lexington had never seen Albeus look any older than he did right now. This event was weighing on Albeus much more than Albeus let on. 

Who would do such a thing? Lexington continued to ask himself. He decided then to question the new travelers through out the village.

Although the first place all travelers visited in Shantei was the whorehouse, most of them regularly stayed at Ingrid's small tavern. Her tavern resembled most of the white clay based homes of Shantei though it had the most rooms. The rooms of Ingrid's tavern were small, but travelers never spent more than a couple of days in Shantei. On the rare occasion, when Ingrid's tavern was completely occupied, travelers would stay in the whorehouse. Expectedly, the boarding at the whorehouse was much more expensive.

Lexington had found Ingrid, scrubbing hard at the wall. The purple stain was an obvious sore to Ingrid's eye. He had noticed that the stain had been there for some time now, perhaps days. Ingrid scrubbed with all her might to rid the wall of the purple mess. As he walked in, he remained quiet. He did not want to disturb Ingrid. He could see how focused she was. Ingrid, like all the other women of Shantei, was also beautiful. What made her different though was that she wore much more clothing than the other women. There was a rumor that Ingrid favored women over men, but because of her seemingly limitless kindness, most shook the rumor off as nothing more than that.

Lexington admired her work ethic. He was quick to notice the muscles in Ingrid's arms, shoulders, and back flex as he worked that purple stain out of the wall. She too had a seemingly perfect body though her breasts were much smaller than most. Despite her small breasts, her astoundingly large ass seemed to make up for them. Lexington knew she was a runner, probably the fastest in the village. Ingrid tended to wear very non-revealing clothes, again something not common with the women of Shantei. Lexington also knew she was a fighter and could handle herself. Ingrid's hair was kept short and bound tightly, just above her shoulders. Her hair was a light brown, similar to Enama's but not as thick. 

Ingrid had finally paused for a moment. She stared at what was left of the stain for a bit seemingly content with the work she had done and rose to dump her scrub in its bucket. Lexington cleared his throat to alert her. 

Ingrid quickly turned and smiled. "Lexington! How are you, dear friend?" Ingrid quickly made her way towards Lexington to embrace him.

"I'm well, thank you."

Ingrid nodded in acceptance. She had a beautiful smile. "How can I help you?"

"I need to know how many new travelers came in yesterday."

"Only one" Ingrid quickly responded. "I believe his name was Hangoot. He came to trade exotic furs from the east, past Shahemein."

"Do you know where he is?"

"He left early this morning after his morning meal. He headed towards Selia's."

So that was Hangoot, the traveler who obviously had the time of his life with that incredibly skilled girl. Lexington grasped Ingrid's shoulder lightly and smiled. "Thank you again, Ingrid. I apologize for interrupting your work."

Ingrid smiled. "No apology necessary. His things are still here. I do believe he intends to stay another day. What is this all about?"

"Don't worry. I just need to have some words with him" Lexington replied assuredly.

Last he remembered, Hangoot was slouched on the corridor bench at Selia's. He had apparently passed out from his session with that one girl. I must know her name Lexington told himself.

As Lexington approached Selia's whorehouse, he tentatively stepped into the doorway though he did not know why. He still wasn't comfortable with this place. Selia was there at her usual spot displaying her bright smile.

"Lexington! You return and so soon? I suspect you're looking for more that what you got this morning?" Selia smiled her seductive smile.

Lexington shook his head. "No, I'm afraid not. The traveler I saw this morning, was his name Hangoot?"

Selia nodded. "He awoke shortly from his haze after you and I had... concluded our business."

Lexington ignored her little quip. "Which way did he head?"

"Towards the north gate, I believe. But I don't suspect he was leaving. He had only his garment in hand."

Lexington nodded and quickly said "thank you" before turning to leave.

Selia quickly grasped his hand and tugged enough to make him pause. She pressed herself against him and whispered, "I know you want more. Stop by whenever you want. It will be on the house."

Lexington respectfully pulled from her grasp and made his way to the north gate. 
