 The night passed quietly and Teri slept soundly even though her hands were tied together. The leader had not wanted to risk anything, he had stated while tying her up and telling her to lie down on the blanket next to his own. Apart from that he had done nothing to harm her, and she was relieved that she had not yet been reduced to camp mattress. But, she knew she had to act pretty soon. She hoped the men were more relaxed now and that they would not keep such a close eye on her this day. Especially, since she had been on her best behaviour yesterday. 

She was in charge of breakfast this morning. That meant putting all the vegetables she could locate into a large bowl, and then serve as soon as it resembles a thick and strange looking mash. Easy, she thought glumly, as she cut the vegetables and poured them into the bowl. No need for a cooking degree to handle this, although she usually preferred microwaving her food. So far, the smell was far better than the looks. Oh well, if they were hungry enough they would probably eat anything - even trees. 

Now it was time for the spices. She looked around her. No one was watching. Everyone seemed too busy with their own morning rituals. She reached into her pockets. She still had Loanna's herbs. Only, she was not certain what they would do. Perhaps nothing, since Loanna had given her the wrong herbs before. These ones should be a sleeping drought and a drug to induce impotence. If even one of them worked, she would be safe. She poured them in and hoped for the best, stirring the mixture together and started to prepare the serving. 

"Breakfast is ready," she shouted to the dirty assembly.

One by one, they came forward and collected a large portion each of the food, before gulping it down with a complete lack of table manners. She was so busy with serving that she failed to eat something herself. No one asked her either, so she chewed on a carrot-looking fruit as she poured a coffee-smelling liquid into their glasses and sending them around.

Half an hour later, she still could not see any difference. Everybody was acting normal or as normal as she could tell after only two days in their company. She went to the outskirts of the camp to wash up. No one seemed to bother guarding her and she would not give them any reminders. If the drugs did not work she would still have to make a run for it, and she tried to keep to the outskirts of the camp as a preparation for her flight. 

Then suddenly she heard some noises from the camp. One after another, the men ran into the forest as if something nasty was dogging their feet. It was actually working, and judging by the sound, Loanna had given her the wrong herbs this time as well. Instead of sleeping pills she had got a laxative. She wanted to shout with joy, but knew that would be a major mistake on her part. 

She could hear sounds all over the forest of people barfing and she decided the time was right to make a graceful exit. She quickly moved further into the forest and away from the sounds from the camp. Soon, she picked up the direction of where she thought she had come from, and started to put as much distance between herself and the rebels as she could possibly obtain. As she ran, she laughed inside by the great success of Loanna's herbs. 

This time, the joke was not on her and she thought that if she'd ever given the impotence drug to Connor, he would probably puke his stomach content all over the bed. Well, it was some sort of impotence, she would give Loanna that. It was difficult to fuck somebody when puking your stomach inside out, but the drug was still not working the way Loanna had said it would. Maybe the woman was not so good a healer as she was thought to be? Or perhaps she just had a hilarious time in giving Teri the wrong drugs all the time. 

She ran through the forest until she became tired, but she kept on walking briskly. She had to get far away from the camp before the rebels where able to sit on their lizards again. Or horses, if they had any tucked away somewhere. 

***

Suddenly she heard some strange noises in front of her and she threw herself behind a tree and carefully moved forward to see where the noise came from. It was Connor. And Morgan. And all the other soldiers from the palace. She was so pleased to see them - she could barely contain a cry of joy as she leapt forward and clung to Morgan as he passed by.

"I'm so glad to see you," she gasped happily, before giving all the men nearest to her a tight hug. "What took you so long?" she asked as she walked up to Connor and gave him a small hug and a kiss on the cheek. Connor was still angry from seeing her hugging Morgan and the rest of his men instead of her own mate. He scowled at her. 

"Well, why don't you try telling us where you're going the next time, darling?" he snarled at her.

"Well," she huffed. "Thank you for the rescue. I even had to rescue myself, thank you very much. And I haven't even had breakfast yet."

"Where are the rebels, then?" Morgan asked.

"You mean what's left of them, I suppose. Right now they are hanging over some bushes and pouring their guts out. So if you want to defeat them, now would probably be a good time."

"What happened?"

"I spiked their breakfast for them."

"They actually let you cook for them?" Connor asked disbelieving. "They must be damn brave or insanely stupid."

Teri ignored him. "And Morgan, don't bring along this fancy piece," she said while pointing at Connor. "They want his head on a platter so he might get himself injured."

"What? You don't think I can take care of myself?" Connor growled.

"You are one thing, but the others can not waste time keeping you safe all the time. You politicians are only good with words, not weapons. So you are sorely out of practise. All you have been doing lately is fucking women and that is hardly the best experience when dealing with murderers. Besides it is you they want, and they kidnapped me to insure you would step by."

Connor just continued scowling at her, while Morgan tried to maintain his composure but failing miserably. "What did you give them?" Morgan asked in a strangled voice.

"A mixture of drugs. One to induce impotence and the other a sleeping powder."

"What?" both men blurted out.

"Well, they did not work as planned so I believe they will first empty their stomachs then go to sleep again." 

"And where did you get those kinds of drugs?" Connor asked suspiciously.

Teri avoided looking at him, and answered, "From Loanna, of course." She glanced quickly at Connor and noticed he had a very clear idea about who she originally had thought about as a Ginny pig for those drugs, but he didn't elaborate it right now. 

Hopefully he would forget all about it, she thought. Or thinking about it, he deserved some impotence drug just for sleeping around, that lousy bastard. Hopefully he would start treating her better now that he knew she was armed with these kinds of weapons. Or he would give into her demands. She would not live with a man who dared to flaunt his mistresses in front of her. She would not accept that. 

***

The journey back to the palace was passed in silence between Connor and Teri. The rebels had been caught while they were being sick all over the forest. It had not been a pretty sight, as Morgan had laughingly explained to all that would listen. And he had jokingly offered Teri a place in his squadron as bait and poisoner. 

Teri had laughingly refused the honour, but Morgan was still bragging about what good use a woman could be when she employed her upper faculties. The good humour spread through the entire army as everyone gave into the relief of winning such an easy victory. Only the rebels' leader had escaped. Teri could not remember if he had eaten any of the breakfast, but it seemed he had mysteriously managed to get away from their army. 

They had searched for hours in the woods, but no one had caught the least site of him. Still, the remains of his once proud but still dirty followers were now safely stored in the cells at the centre of Ziota city. Rumours had spread quickly through the city of the rebels defeat and many people had shoved up to cheer as they walked through the city. Relief was evident in all their faces, and Connor was happy to have solved at least one of his problems. 

Now, all that remained was to send out a warrant for the leader, and get his mate into his bed again. She had avoided him all since their meeting in the forest. Instead she had laughed and enjoyed herself among his men and particularly in the company of Morgan. He was becoming angry when looking at his mate surrounded by other men. 

Men that were smiling at her and congratulating her on a job well done. Some even hugged her, and that made him want to tear the men apart, limb by limb. Only he should be allowed to touch his mate, and he sent the men a murderous look watching them shirk away from her right away. Teri noticed his scowl and turned her back on him and continued talking to those that still dared being around her. Connor wanted to grab her hard to him, and never let her go again. She would get the spanking of her life for scaring him like that. 

She had let herself get kidnapped and dragged through the forest. Making him think she had been killed or raped or even worse, then suddenly emerging from the woods as if nothing serious had happened at all. She was still as cocksure as ever and she seemed to have been treated well. At least that was what little he had picked up from her explanation to Morgan. She would not speak to him about it, and the thought depressed him. He was her mate. It was he who should be comforting her, saving her, telling her the criminals would never hurt her again. Instead she acted as if nothing dangerous had happened at all, while he felt like a quivering idiot for worrying so much about her welfare. This mating thing was more difficult than he had ever imagined it would be. 

***

"Go to the bedroom!" Connor ordered Teri as soon as they stepped into the palace. The soldiers was noisily roaming around and settling down in their barracks after a long nights work.

"No, I won't be treated as a child," Teri answered angrily.

"Do you want the entire town to hear us quarrel then?" Connor asked icily. He would have to start controlling his mate real soon otherwise she might get injured the next time she did anything silly. "Start walking or I'll carry you," he threatened.

Teri knew the threat was real, and turned and stomped angrily back to the room where she had been sleeping lately.

"Our room," Connor ordered behind her as he saw in which direction she was heading. Teri just ignored him and carried on.

Once inside she slammed the door behind her and locked it. Connor would not find a willing listener for his complaints this evening. If he tried, she had more than enough complaints to shower him with, but she was not quite up to seeing her adulterous mate for the time being. She had not forgotten the shock of discovering him making love to another woman – in their bedroom. 

How could he do such a thing? Just because they had not had sex for some time – all right, two week's time - did not give him the excuse to seek out another bed partner that quickly. It did not feel good to be replaced that easily. Especially not when she had finally come to like the guy. Perhaps she even had some stronger feelings for him - enough even to make her consider staying with him at this strange planet with another culture. But, now she was too angry to care about what he did. 

Since he did not want only her, she did not want anything to do with him. That meant going back to Earth was a more tempting thought than ever before. To go back and try do forget all about Connor – his touch and the tender lovemaking they had shared. The man who was always doing his duty, always doing the best for the planet, and still could make her hunger for him just by the thought of him. The smell of his skin, the maleness surrounding him, dragging her to him as to a magnet, making her feel things she never had felt before. And she hated him for it. Making her feel so much, and then smashing her feelings in her face by betraying her and their relationship. There had to be a way out of this mess.

***

Suddenly someone tried the door handle behind her. Discovering it was locked, Connor banged loudly at the door. "Open it now, Teri! Or I'll break the damn thing."

"Go away!" Teri shouted, but before she managed to continue, the door was rammed into the room and Connor emerged in the doorway.

"I said now," he growled at her. "And don't think I have forgotten your stupid behaviour last night. You could have been killed by those rebels, woman."

"Well, I didn't, and no thanks to you, mister. I can manage quite well, thank you."

"No, you can't. God knows what would have happened to you if you had not been so lucky and carried those drugs around. And that was all there was to it: Luck!" he yelled at her.

Teri just ignored him and turned away. How dared he berate her efforts to catch the rebels he had been unsuccessful in finding for weeks now? "You're just angry because I had more luck in catching the bad guys," Teri said ironically and leaned casually against the window while watching Connor's reaction.

Connor's face turned warmer at an instant. "You were kidnapped," he growled. 

"Yep, and so what? It wasn't the first time, was it?" Teri replied, hoping he would catch the sarcasm in her voice.

It seemed he did as his face turned a lighter shade. Now he was really starting to look angry, and Teri only anticipated the explosion that was sure to come. Oh well, Mr Iceberg had it coming, she guessed. But instead of erupting, he calmed himself and said coldly. "You don't know what is best for you, woman, and I suggest you prepare for some serious spanking. I won't tolerate any more stupid stunts from you."

Teri almost boiled with anger. So he thought to spank her, did he? To make her an obedient little wife that never went further than two meters away from her mate? "You have no right to beat me, but if you do you will surely regret it," she threatened.

"I can do whatever I want to with you, woman. Don't doubt it," Connor said coldly while moving closer to her and towering above her. Crowding her against the window, Teri glanced into the hard face of the man she had thought she loved. Now all she could see was the hardened face of a seasoned warrior. A cold man used to giving orders and having them obeyed without the slightest hesitation. 

She doubted he had met many who would dare to gainsay him. His stance combined with his harsh expression made him terrifying all of a sudden. Still, she could not back down now. If she did, he would always think he could just freeze her with his look and she would obey his every command. She raised her arms and showed him away with all her force. He budged half a meter backwards, before staring at her, his face a collection of shock and anger. 

"Go away," Teri said angrily. Her voice almost breaking. Her restraint barely kept in place. This man both frightened and aroused her. She had to escape him. He tore her apart, and she could not take any more strain this day. "Get away from me!" she screamed a little louder now. Still, he would not budge. He just kept staring at her, as if trying to figure out how to handle a hysterical woman. 

"I said go away!" Teri shrieked even louder, collecting a few items and starting to hurl them at Connor's chest. He avoided the two first, then caught a vase in his stomach and gave up a loud huffing noise. Teri was still shouting for him to go away, but now he kept coming closer instead. He gripped her arms before she managed to throw another vase at him, and he pinned her to him while holding her arms around her back. She tried to loosen herself from his grip, and used both hands and feet in order to hurt him. She wanted him to hurt as much as she herself did, but her efforts were soon stopped by his superior strength. 

"This will earn another set of spankings. Be sure about it," he threatened as she stopped fighting.

"I hate you!" she screamed at him, then spat in his face.

"That does it," he roared as he ripped off her clothes and laid her face down across his thighs. She creamed loudly as the clothes fell off her, and then continued screaming as his hand hit her bottom hard. She yelped as he rained several more spanks to her bottom, her skin feeling gradually warmer. The pain was unimportant. She hardly noticed the spanks after the first one had hit her. 

The total humiliation was worse. She felt so angry at him treating her as an obstinate child, believing her not able to make her own decisions. Of course she knew the stupidity in running about when the rebels were around. But he had caused that by giving her the worst shock of her life. She struggled to get away from the hard grip Connor had on her. But he held her tightly, giving her bottom a few more whacks. "Now. Will you promise to obey me?" he growled at her.

"Fuck you, you creep!" Teri snarled at him, moving quickly away from him as he let go of the iron grip holding her to him. Gripping her ripped clothes she held them in front of her, trying to hide her nudity. "I will never obey you. Ever!" He got up from the chair, suddenly looking very tired. His anger had almost disappeared. 

"I won't tolerate any more walks. From now on you stay indoors until all the rebels are caught. Even if I have to lock you up myself," he warned her in a serious tone.

"I don't care," Teri shrieked. "I hate both you and that whore, and I'm going to kill you both the first opportunity I get. So, remember to watch your back, sucker!"

***

"What?" he asked slowly, his expression one of total confusion at her abrupt change of subject. Still, one meaning was quite clear. She stared at him as if she hated him above all other people. Her clothes ripped and barely hiding her lush figure. Her lithe body shaking with anger as he finally realised she did actually hate his guts. Something had gone terrible wrong here, and he was not quite sure what. 

Suddenly he regretted his uncontrollable actions. How could he have spanked this small creature? Maybe she was hurt, although her fighting stance negated any injuries. He had never lost control like that before. He was always calm and collected among his soldiers, but not this time. Her words had made him loose his mind so completely he was lucky she was not seriously injured. 

He had to get away from her and quickly, before he did anything else he would regret later on. He looked at the small soldier standing so ready for whatever came her way. She was clearly prepared for more assaults from him. But she would not have to endure more from him this evening. He looked her in the eyes and said quietly "I'm sorry." Then turned and walked away.

***

Teri just stared suspiciously at his retreating form. His face had been so strange as he whispered those final words. He had looked so open and vulnerable at the same time. His eyes regretful as he gave her one long look before tuning away and walking out the door, closing it quietly behind him. She had never thought she would ever hear that arrogant man utter anything like that. Indicating that he regretted the spanking, or perhaps the entire treatment of her? She could not be sure what he was sorry about. Only, a frown was forming in her forehead. The man was an enigma, she would give him that, and he was also very bad for one's collection of mind. 

***

"You can't do this!" Morgan yelled at Connor that was sitting glumly in his study and drinking. "Are you out of your mind?" Morgan continued as his friend failed to explain his strange requests. "You can not seriously allow her to return to Earth. She's your mate, man!" he practically shouted at Connor.
