 No citizen of Sarcina, who would dare to claim having some resemblance of virtue, spends their time in the Platinum Quarter. At least that's what the clergy says. These streets always have blood on them, and it flows often, especially at night. You can smell it and see it in the cracks of these cobblestone streets. Some rabble in the distance, shouting, a hardy group of drunkards, out for the kind of night on the town that can only be found here. The louts have chosen an alleyway to ravage some unfortunate young woman, on her way home from work no doubt.

One of them takes hold of her top and rips it off while slinging her to the ground. She screams for the guards, but naturally they are nowhere to be found, not around here. Five of them stand around her howling like dogs. 

"Look at those boobies!" shouts the shortest of the men, who runs over and pinches her nipples.

She slaps his face. He laughs and begins to run around in circles shouting, "We got a lively one!" The girl begins to sob. The largest of the men takes hold of her long beautiful auburn hair and lifts her up in front of him.

"This little slut needs to be taught a lesson. Isn't that right honey?" he says, bearing an evil snaggletooth grin.

She spits at him, and he looks down at the wet spot on his pant leg, his grin somewhat more pronounced now. He strikes her with open hand and lets her fall to the ground. The men begin to laugh and cheer. Her dress is torn away by the large man, causing her to roll onto her stomach, exposing her firm young bottom to the moonlight. One of the men with a braided beard takes hold of the girl in a bear hug, while she kicks and screams, then he forces her over his knee and begins to spank her pretty little ass over and over. She squeals while he makes her buns pink and the men take their cheering to the next level, but no one enters the alley to see about the commotion.

The drunkest of the fools turns the corner to relieve himself, all the while taking a long swig from a bottle. He pisses on the very wall in which he is leaning heavily on his left shoulder, his pants around his ankles. Giving off a crazed howl he tosses the now empty bottle into a nearby wall. When he turns to go back to the alley he trips into a face-first dive to the ground, landing in the pool of piss he just created. He's completely oblivious to the heel of my boot cracking his neck like a twig.

Of course the others take no notice in their huddle around the young girl, shouting obscenities and hitting her after slapping their dicks in her face. Then they toss her over to the next man to do the same. They have her arms bound behind her back with her own torn clothing.

"You better start sucking our pricks pretty slut, or we might have to settle for pissing on you instead." the short man says and they all give a hardy laugh.

Then the large fellow pinches the girl's nose, cutting off her air and she has no choice but to accept his cock into her mouth. He holds her head tightly forcing her nose to his pubic hair and she begins to gag hard. When he finally releases her she vomits on the ground, at this they all give a loud cheer. While she cries the short man grabs her hair and has his turn with her mouth, though he is slightly gentler. The youngest of the bunch, who is the only one clean-shaven, begins to laugh wildly and backpedals toward my position around the corner. When he finally gets within my grasp I take hold of him by the hair and pull him out of sight.

"Pretty girl," I whisper and club him with my blackjack, no need for restraint, then drop his body onto the other one.

The man with the braided beard takes his time with the girl as he teases her lips with the tip of his dick and then slaps her across the face when she will not open her mouth. He does this several times until she finally gives in. Then he repeatedly thrusts his cock into her mouth wildly while holding her head. He finally releases and she starts to spit and cough his semen up onto the ground.

"She loves it!" the man shouts.

When the man with the braided beard passes the girl back to the large fellow he walks in my direction. He stops briefly when he sees me.

"Hey! You seen my brother?" he says. "Clean-shaven bloke."

"Passed out around the corner." I say, and withdraw the cleaver from my jacket when he has his back to me.

"Henry? Sam? Get up you fools." he laughs. "You're missing all the fun."

He leans over to shake his brother and I bring the cleaver down onto the back of his neck very hard, leaving his head hanging by the skin on the front, with a quick swipe I completely sever it and hold it by the braided beard. The man's headless body twitches and shakes while it lands on top of the others. Then I enter the alleyway. The large man is in the process of bending the young woman over so he can enter her from behind and the short fellow is kneeling down in front. When he sees me he squints with a confused stare.

"Catch," I shout and the lands in the short fellow hands and he begins to scream with his eyes wide, this is followed swiftly by my cleaver flying through the air and splitting his head.

He collapses to the ground and the large man stands to face me with his pants around his ankles. He starts to move forward and then falls over and when he scrambles to get to his feet I kick hard, the toe of my boot crashing into his throat, probably crushing his windpipe entirely. The large man keels over trying desperately to gasp for air but being unable to do so.

When I go to help the sobbing young red-head up and unbound her hands she starts screaming wildly. She falls on her bare ass in a corner and puts her hands out in front of her.

"Please– no! You- you're not going to hurt me are you?" she squeals.

"I think you've been hurt enough." I say, and she continues to cry uncontrollably.

"Those- those bastards. Those fucking bastards. I hope they suffered." she sobs.

"I'm sure you suffered more." I say.

I reach down to her and help her to her feet. She clings to me tightly, unwilling to let go, her dirty naked breasts, covered with spit, semen, and bits of vomit press against my chest. I stroke her hair as she cries and tell her everything will be alright.

"Do you work down here love?" I say.

She nods.

"You should find a job somewhere else; this is no place for decent folk."

She meets my gaze, those beautiful tearful green eyes, pleading with me. 

"Then what are you doing here?" she whispers, and I just stare into those sad eyes for several moments and brush the hair from her face.

"You should go. Get yourself cleaned up." I say and I push her away.

"Wait," she shouts. "Who are you?"

I reach down to withdraw my cleaver from the short man's head and wipe the blood off onto the dry spots of his shirt. When I turn back for one last look, the naked girl stands staring at me, desperately awaiting my every word.

"Me? Just a butcher." I say, her jaw drops but her eyes maintain their focus on me.

"I'm Cassandra." she shouts, when I start to walk off. "Will- will I see you again?" I pause.

"Only if you're looking for fresh meat." I say, and then I turn to make my way back out to the street.