 Greetings, and I hope you enjoy the second installment of my story. If you have not yet read "Chapter 1: Discovery" I strongly recommend doing so as this is not a stand-alone tale. Thanks in advance for any constructive feedback.

The usual disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. All characters involved in erotic scenes are over 18, even when not explicitly stated.

* * * * * *

THE FALLEN

CHAPTER 2: REVELATION

I awaken from a very pleasant dream with a warm, wet sensation down below.

My first, terrified thought is, 'Oh shit! I'm peeing Danni's bed!'

My second thought is, 'Since when does peeing feel this good?'

Then I feel a hot tongue slide inside me and lick slowly outward and upward before a lovely pair of lips suckles on my clit.

"Oooooh," I moan.

"Good morning, Erykah," Danni says around her mouthful of my muff.

I'm going to reply, but Danni goes back to giving me morning head. All I can do is whimper in delight.

She pauses briefly to ask, "Want me to stop?"

"Nooooo," I manage to sigh. "Don't you dare..."

Thankfully, she goes back to what she was doing.

My hands travel down there, under the covers, and I gently stroke Danni's hair while her tongue gently strokes me. My lover treats me to a long, sensuous licking and sucking. She slowly teases an orgasm closer and closer to the surface, my heavy breathing and moans letting her know she's doing just fine.

It's building for so long that when I finally cum I'm practically humping Danni's luscious mouth. My hands flash outward and press into the mattress, and I arch my back as the best morning I've ever had washes over me.

My "big O" tapers off, and Danni gives me one last little suck down there before she plants a few wonderful kisses against my sensitive valley. She climbs upward and lays against me, her ice blue eyes gazing lovingly into the green of mine.

"Good morning," she repeats with a huge smile on her angelic face.

"Yes it is!" I laugh wholeheartedly.

Danni leans down, and I can tell she wants a kiss.

"Oh, honey, I've got morning breath," I protest, trying not to exhale as I speak.

Danni kisses me anyway, and I can smell and taste my own musky flavor on her lips as she gives me a few quick pecks. She stares at me with a desirous look for a few seconds before starting to climb upward again.

"Does somebody want their turn?" I ask with a cheesy grin as I yank the pillow out from under my head and shimmy downward a bit.

"Mmm hmm," Danni nods and positions her eager sex over my waiting lips.

I love every second of it as Danni face-fucks me, her hips grinding a slow, steady rhythm against my mouth. I find that spot she loves and give it everything I have. Soon Danni's whole body is shaking with the buildup of ecstasy.

"God Erykah!" she cries out when she cums in my mouth. "Oh god yes right there don't stop sucking oh yeah oh yeah oooooooh god!"

* * * * * *

I think I must have fallen back asleep after our lovemaking. Danni is cuddled against me as I wake up for the second time this morning. I feel her fingers tracing circles over one of my petite breasts.

"Good morning again, lover," Danni repeats for a third time.

"Best morning ever," I smile. "What time is it anyway?"

I glance over to the clock on Danni's nightstand.

"Oh crap! It's 8:30 we're late for school!" I blurt out in sudden panic, though Danni just lays there all chill.

She looks at me with one raised eyebrow and says, "It's Saturday, sweetie."

I exhale and lay my head back down feeling like the world's biggest dork.

Danni asks, "So, what you wanna do today?"

"We could just do this all day," I say with a silly giggle.

"Mmm, that would be nice," Danni agrees, "but I thought maybe we could go on a shopping date?"

"Shopping for what?" I ask dubiously, thinking about how little cash I had in the bank.

"Oh, you know...clothes...shoes...toys..."

"Toys?" I chuckle. "What are we, six years old?"

Then it hits me what she meant. Damn, I am the world's biggest dork.

"Oh...toys," I mutter knowingly.

"And clothes and shoes," Danni giggles.

"I'm kind of tapped out, though," I admit woefully.

"I'm asking you out, silly," Danni explains and gives me a little peck on the nose. "That means I buy."

"Oh, I got myself a regular sugar mommy ovah myah," I chuckle.

"Is that a yes?"

"Yesh," I drawl.

I absolutely love how I'm so comfortable with Danni that I can be my own dorky, silly self around her.

Danni grins playfully and says, "Oh I'm gonna buy you such nice things...you'll be aching to jump my bones when we get home."

"But we are home," I tell her with waggling eyebrows.

"Shopping first, then bone jumping," Danni tries to say with a straight face, but she giggles slightly.

"Shower first? Then shopping and bone jumping?" I play along.

"Yeah, a shower makes sense," Danni nods. "Kind of rude to show up at the mall smelling like the best sexy-time I've ever had."

My ego swells a little at that comment, and even though she's just playing around I know she means it. She's right, though. Between this morning and our amazing evening last night we smell pretty strongly of our lovemaking.

"Well, you know," I muse, "We could save time by combining the showering with the bone jumping. Kill two birds with one stone and all that."

"You make a good point," Danni grins mischievously. "Let's go."

Yay!

More shower sex!

* * * * * *

Oh god this is so fucked up this is so fucked up!!!

There's absolutely no traffic in this part of the city this late at night, so I only slow down a bit for the red light ahead and check both ways real quick. I stomp down the gas pedal and send the car roaring through the empty intersection like the devil himself is on our asses.

The terrible moans of agony coming from the back seat make me seriously wonder how in the hell I'm holding my shit together.

And why the fuck isn't this fucking thing working?!?

"GPS!" I practically shout at the car's built in device. "Nearest hospital!"

It shows me the same random spot in the neighborhood we're already in.

"Fuck!" I bellow at it.

"It's still not working?" Danni asks nervously.

"No," I shake my head in frustration.

How in the bloody balls did my day go from "utterly wonderful" to "train wreck" so damn fast?

Here I am in my brother's car with Danni in the back seat holding Trina's head in her lap. Trina is bleeding all over the place and moaning like she might die at any second. Plus, there's a maniac with a sword chasing us who can run faster than a galloping horse, the same nut job who used Trina as a pincushion...twice. Oh, and to top it all off...Trina isn't human! Not completely at any rate.

My head is spinning with so much "wtf?" right now that I seriously don't know how I'm keeping my shit together.

I strongly suspect the car's messed up GPS is the doing of the crazy, bleeding-to-death bitch in the back seat. Along with getting Danni and I lost in this bad neighborhood, it's probably her fault we almost got carjacked, raped, and killed by a couple of crack-heads. One of whom I think I may have killed...accidentally. No, actually I'm pretty certain he's dead.

If not for Danni's insistence there's no way I'd be driving that crazy bitch Trina anywhere, let alone to the nearest hospital.

Er, trying to drive that crazy bitch to the nearest hospital. Damn GPS.

Not to mention all the other weird shit.

Oh, did I forget to say that a light-speed lunatic with a sword and an inhuman, dying girl in my back seat aren't the only strange things that have happened so far tonight?

Heh. I'm probably not making much sense. Maybe I should start at the beginning...

* * * * * *

Danni and I spend a good chunk of our morning in her shower, only a small portion of which is used for actual washing. I've got to hand it to the folks who built this dorm, though. They sure didn't skimp on the water heaters.

We eat breakfast afterward, and as we talk I keep finding my eyes drawn to Danni's lovely mouth and long, delicate fingers. I never thought I'd see another woman's lips and fingers as sexual organs and get turned on just by looking at them.

I really have to exert some self-control not to drag Danni back to her bed for round three, and I find myself really glad I'm not a guy. Otherwise I'd be sitting here with a rock-hard erection tenting my pajama bottoms.

How embarrassing would that be? Not so much when it's just Danni and I, but the possibilities for public humiliation are many and manifold. Now that I think about it, I'm not sure how guys do it -- run around with those things swinging from between their legs. What a hassle it must be.

We finish breakfast, and I give Danni a quick kiss good-bye before heading to my own room to get dressed for the day. There are a few other girls in the hallway, and they give me odd looks as I emerge from Danni's room at eleven in the morning still in my jammies. I find I don't care what they suspect or think they know. Let the rumors fly.

Water off a duck's back. That's all that stuff is to me.

Once in my own room I quickly put on a long, black skirt, a white summer shirt, and a grey knit sweater. I brush my hair and teeth, grab my big, black purse, then head back to Danni's room.

She lets me in, and my eyes widen at her stunning outfit. She's wearing white hip-hugger jeans with sandals on her dainty feet. Over her chest is a powder blue, split-sleeve, midriff top that shows off her smooth and touchable tummy. Her face has a light, simple application of makeup that only serves to accentuate her natural beauty.

Oh my god she's so gorgeous.

She looks so hot and sophisticated. The only other clothing I've seen her in is the plain school uniforms we all wear and her pajamas. Oh, and her birthday suit (yum), though that technically isn't clothing. Seeing her this way is a pleasant shock to my eyes. Danni could easily make a career of modeling if she wanted.

I compare it to what I have on, these simple, shrouding clothes that are probably a hair too big for me, and I can't help but feel like a total frump. I kick myself for never learning fashion or even gaining a minimal sense of what would look good on me. No wonder she wants to buy me some clothes.

"You aren't going to be...embarrassed...to be seen with me like this, are you?" I ask self-consciously as I hold up my arms and look at my grandmotherly ensemble.

"Oh, Erykah no," Danni says emphatically, placing her hands on my shoulders. "Don't think that! I just wanted to buy you something special."

She pulls me in for a tight, warm embrace.

Danni continues, "You are so amazingly sexy, and it's really cute that you don't seem to know it yet. I just want the rest of the world to be able to see what I see, to see how beautiful you are."

Squee!

My heart melts, and I hug Danni fiercely, wanting to never let go.

"Now call us a taxi while I find my purse," Danni requests eventually.

"Taxi shmaxi," I grin. "I have a brother who owns a car."

* * * * * *

It takes some sweet-talking, but I convince Christopher to let me borrow his car. He has football practice all day anyway, so he won't need it.

Oh, and coincidentally I was right. My brother is a jock.

It's a little after noon, and Danni and I are finally in the city at some boutique or another...I forget the name. We practically have the place all to ourselves at the moment, the only other person here the saleswoman. She acts kind of snooty toward us, as if a pair of teenage women had no business being here.

I've always been ambivalent about clothes shopping, but I think that's mostly because I don't know what I'm doing when it comes to fashion. It's kind of eerie how Danni is able to grab stuff that fits me perfectly. Somehow she can tell my sizes regardless of the type or manufacturer of each piece.

Well, I suppose she did get a really good look at me last night.

Eventually we decide on three new outfits. Two are in a shopping bag, and I'm wearing the third.

I'm now dressed in a pair of black, flair-bottomed hip-hugger jeans. It feels so weird to have on pants like these. I never felt I had the butt for them, but Danni had insisted they'd look good on me.

A dark crimson, sweetheart-neck top covers my chest. The shirt is very spare, covering down to just below my bust-line and showing even more of my midsection than Danni's midriff shirt.

She also insisted on buying me a pair of black leather heeled boots that rise partway up my shins. With these boots I'm now a smidgen taller than Danni.

She and I stand side-by-side in front of a full-length mirror, and I can't help but remark how striking we are together. I look at Danni's short, blond hair, white jeans, and powder blue shirt that matches her ice blue eyes. Then I look at my long and black hair, black jeans, dark red top, and dark green eyes.

We're like light and dark, yin and yang. I marvel at the green-eyed girl staring back at me.

Is this really me?

Who is this sexy mitten I see in the mirror?

Danni is staring at me, too, as she remarks, "I'm so jealous of your abs. God they're so tight and buff."

I blush a little at my lover's unsolicited compliment and mutter, "I used to go jogging a lot...before."

"I told you," Danni laughs in a light, airy, and carefree voice. "You're hot Erykah. You just needed someone to show you."

I lean over, placing my arms around Danni's neck from the side, and plant a big, wet kiss against her cheek.

"Thanks," I whisper gratefully into her ear. "Now what should we do?"

"Now we go to the mall and get you some more outfits," Danni grins. "A girl's gotta have stuffs, right?"

"Why did we come here then?" I wonder aloud. "This place is so expensive."

I'd almost dropped a brick when I saw the total for the outfits Danni had bought me.

"Because I knew there wouldn't be many people here," Danni winks. "I didn't want you to feel uncomfortable trying out something new."

Wow. She's beautiful, sensitive, and smart?

"You're amazing, Danni," I gush as I look at her with total adoration. "I love you."

She looks at me and smiles, her face mirroring my own expression.

"I love you, too, Erykah," Danni replies. "It makes me so happy you trust me enough to let me do this for you."

* * * * * *

We're at the mall now, walking from store to store and occasionally buying things. Danni's judgment and fashion sense is so spot-on that I don't even bother trying on the clothes before she buys them for me. We spend a couple pleasant hours together just wasting time and having fun.

One thing I've noticed, though, is how many stares we're drawing from the men and teenage boys around us as we walk through the crowded thoroughfares. Heck, even a lot of the other women sneak furtive glances our way, the looks on their faces bespeaking envy and, in a few cases, desire. My ego is exhaustively stroked by the time we stop at the food court for a little snack.

I resolve then and there not to let my newfound confidence turn me into one of those stuck-up girls who thinks she's too good for other people. I'm still just Erykah Gray, dork...sci-fi nerd...and now hottie. Still, that last one brings a shit-eating grin to my face.

As we wait in line I lean over and whisper to Danni, "That goth chick in the fuck-me boots has been checking you out hard."

Danni doesn't turn to look, but guesses, "You mean the one with all the Wiccan jewelry?"

"Yeah."

"Nope," Danni says quietly. "She's been checking you out."

"Okay," I compromise, "she's been staring at us both then."

"Maybe," Danni shrugs. "Maybe you should go say hi."

I can tell Danni is only joking, so I kid back, "You go say hi and stick your tongue in her ear."

I giggle.

"Shhh," Danni shushes me softly, "she's walking over here!"

Sure enough, I watch out of the corner of my eye as the woman saunters closer and closer to us. I'm suddenly and inexplicably nervous as she approaches. There's something really unusual about this woman, and I'm not talking about her appearance.

Danni and I turn to look at her. She's tall and willowy, with raven-black hair that's even longer and darker than mine. I can see intricate and mysterious tattoos barely poking up past the neckline of her black jabot shirt. Tight black leather pants and a same-colored pair of stiletto boots clothe her lower half. I'd guess her age at somewhere around the mid twenties. She's pretty, but her attractiveness is marred, in my opinion, by the heavy, goth-style application of makeup on her face.

There's a mysterious scent around her. It's not unpleasant, but rather exotic and alien, unlike anything I've smelled before...or is it? Though I can't identify the smell, it's vaguely familiar.

I notice one of those pin-on buttons attached to her shirt. At it's center is the image of a buxom woman dressed in a skimpy but cliché witch's outfit, seated atop a broom and complete with pointed hat. Arranged around the image are the words 'Get a taste of religion / Lick a witch'.

"Hello," the woman greets us from several paces away.

"Um...hi?" I return, an involuntary giggle passing my lips as I try to mask my unease.

I thought I was past this being painfully shy crap. Why is this woman making me feel this way? It's like her eyes are staring right through me. Wait...no...that's not right. It's more like her eyes are staring into me. I can't shake the feeling that I'm being examined and judged.

"Hiya," Danni smiles to the woman, obviously not suffering from my unwelcome social skittishness.

"Say," the woman begins, flicking a lock of hair over one shoulder, "would either of you happen to have a cigarette I could bum?"

"Sorry," I shrug with an apologetic look. "We don't smoke."

The woman nods slowly, her distant, piercing eyes still aiming right at me. I have to wonder what she's on right now.

She says, "Probably for the best. Smoking is very, very bad for you...like breathing Drano and ash."

Danni cocks her head slightly and asks, "Then why do you smoke?"

The woman's eyes move slowly to Danni. Okay, so it's not just me. Danni squirms a little under the woman's gaze, and I can tell she's feeling the same thing I'd felt a moment ago.

The strange woman says, "Oh...I don't smoke."

"What?" I chuckle, a nervous edge in my voice I can't hide.

What's this woman's game? Is she hitting on us? If so this is the strangest flirting I've ever seen.

"I don't smoke," she repeats before leaning in closer.

She's in my bubble, uncomfortably close now, when she inhales deeply to sniff the air around Danni and I.

"Hmmm," the woman hums. "Interesting."

Danni pulls me backward and protectively steps in front of me to confront the woman.

"What's your deal, lady?" my blond champion asks

"No deal," the woman replies and leans back, lifting her hands in a placating gesture. "Sorry."

She walks around us and makes to leave.

"See you later," the very strange woman says as she saunters away.

"I hope not," Danni mutters under her breath. "Weirdo."

"My name is Emma, by the way," her voice floats to us through the crowd as she disappears into the mass of shoppers.

* * * * * *

After our odd encounter in the food court we're pretty much done shopping at the mall, so we eat our food, gather up the clothing and shoes Danni purchased for me, and make our way to the parking lot.

We load the shopping bags into the cargo area of my brother's virtually brand new Subaru Outback, and I drive us across town. The built-in, voice activated GPS makes it easy to find the nearest adult entertainment store.
