  Ch. 06 – The Assault

Shantei was only two days march from the Fallen Encampment. Lexington and Ishmael had decided to halt the march in order to plan the attack. The two remained in a tent held up by three thick wooden poles that stood almost twice their height. Two small torches were mounted beside the makeshift wooden table that held a parchment with scribbles of what was apparently an outline of Shantei with surrounding landmasses and oceans.

The night breeze was gentle, but blew enough to make the fire of the torches sway. Lexington took in a deep whiff of the smell of burning wood with his breath. There was also a faint hint of the smell of sand from the Sapphire Ocean that was to the north of them where the River Luildel emptied.

Lexington was reminded of Shantei and how he first met Enama. He knew so little then. He realized how much he had learned before returning his focus to the task at hand.

"Have the scouts returned?" Lexington asked.

Ishmael nodded and replied, "Yes, Daniel and Sera reported of Shantei that the Shadowmen are continuing their sexual rituals. Daniel believes that they are drawing energy for an event."

"An event?"

"A summoning."

"For what?"

"For whom, sir. Demetriux, the Valkyrie Lord, has yet to take foot in the Earthen Realm."

"And what of Shadohinus and the Black Citadel?"

Ishmael returned a solemn glance. "Daniel believes that the blight that surrounds the Black Citadel acts as some sort of sensory extension of Shadohinus. If anything other than Shadowmen were to set foot on the blight, we believe the dark lord would be alarmed and we would lose our advantage of surprise."

"We lost that advantage the moment Thraxa fell." Lexington sighed as he gazed at that map. "Even if we took back Shantei, we could not take Shadohinus and his Shadowmen Legions head on. We also have to take note of the fallen Celestials that decided to join him."

Ishmael nodded. "Nor can we just sit here and wait. Every day Shadohinus and his legions grow bolder. Without the power of the Omnipotent to send Celestials to aid us, we have no reinforcements. Unless..."

Lexington shook his head slowly, "No. We cannot involve the humans in this fight. They would be mere distractions to Shadohinus."

A long silence grew between the two as they both gazed at the map that was laid out before them.

"Distractions," Ishmael said.

Lexington turned his gaze to Ishmael.

"Maybe that's what we need – a distraction."

"Explain," Lexington requested.

"We use a number of humans to lure Shadowmen away from the Black Citadel and we launch an attack."

"Why would Shadohinus send Shadowmen to deal with humans? They pose no threat to the Black Citadel no matter how great their numbers would be."

"Women."

It dawned on Lexington. The one thing that drove all of Shadohinus' choices was his great desire for carnal pleasure. Sex was all Shadohinus cared for in the end and they both knew it

Ishmael continued by saying, "The women of Shantei are strong and beautiful. You've told me this. If Shadohinus caught sight of them, we know he would not resist." 

"I will not put humans in immediate danger."

"This is war, sir. Casualties cannot be avoided. Remember that they are distractions, not sacrifices."

Lexington nodded again. "We will send Fallen with them, as a precaution."

"Only the most beautiful," Ishmael replied with a smirk.

"Get it done."

Ishmael bowed his head lightly and turned to make his way out.

---

Lexington sat at the edge of his tent's cot, waiting to hear back from Ishmael. It was merely hours until he would send the Fallen to assault Shantei, the village he had once lived in though it was no longer the village he had known. It was now a ceremonial ground for rituals of the Shadowmen in order to generate enough energy for a great summoning. Lexington had been informed that the summoning was for Demetriux, the Valkyrie Lord.

What he remembered of Demetriux made his fervor all the harder to remain. Demetriux was a great adversary, the only combatant Lexington had ever had respect for. The Valkyrie Lord was the only agent of Avariceal to ever best a Seraph in single combat in Immobul, the barren realm between Cielos and Avariceal. Aggram, at the time held the same rank as Lexington of Seraph, had led a small number of Celestial Soldiers through Immobul to one of Gavreel's, the High Seraph, outposts in the middle realm. 

Though they never found out how Demetriux had learned of Aggram's position, Demetriux had surprised Aggram. Though Demetriux's great numbers were able to destroy Aggram's men, Aggram would not bend to the Shadowmen. All Shadowmen that stood before the Celestial Giant had fallen until Demetriux realized he needed to put Aggram down himself.

Though Lexington didn't witness it himself, the surviving Celestials of that day claimed that the entire realm shook with every clang of Demetriux's Greataxe and Aggram's Greatmaul. Demetriux eventually disarmed Aggram and was in position to provide the killing blow until Gavreel arrived forcing Demetriux to retreat.

When Aggram had heard of the news that Demetriux would eventually be summoned to the earthen realm, Lexington knew that Aggram would relish in the chance to regain his pride. 

A thought lingered still. How did Demetriux learn of Aggram's position? It was unlike Shadohinus to send scouts, especially in Immobul. What made Immobul so undesirable was that it was a barren space occupied by nothing, but ash and stone. It made Avariceal seem as appealing as earth.

Lexington's train of thought was interrupted as Daniel stepped in. Lexington looked up to greet Daniel and noticed that the sun had slowly begun to rise. The sky was slowly shifting from its dark purple color to a soft blue. It was almost time.

"Esther, Sera, and Beth will accompany the 'distraction' team, sir," Daniel said. 

"And what of Ishmael?"

"He has yet to return with your wife and the select women of Shantei, but I believe he will be here any moment now."

Lexington stood and placed his hand on Daniel's shoulder. "Well done. Have Esther, Sera, and Beth see me. And inform me as soon as Ishmael arrives."

Daniel replied in a nod and made his way out.

Lexington sighed. He didn't like this plan, but it was the only one he knew had any chance of working. Moments later, the three Celestial women stepped into Lexington's tent. 

"Let me have a moment with Esther."

Beth and Sera nodded and stepped out.

Lexington set himself back onto the edge of his cot and motioned Esther to take the seat set for her. Esther sat herself down.

"Has Ishmael briefed you?"

"Yes, sir. We are our honored to protect the humans. I do have one question though."

"Go ahead."

"Why not use all Celestial women instead of mostly humans?"

"I fear that Shadohinus would be able to clearly distinguish Celestial from human, despite their great beauty. He would sense the trap. With you three outnumbered by the humans, I feel that you would be hidden long enough for the distraction to take effect."

Esther nodded in return though Lexington could tell that she was not satisfied with the answer.

"Speak freely, Esther."

"Forgive me, sir. I would just prefer that we be on the battlefield with you. There are other, far more beautiful Celestial women to take our place."

Lexington nodded. "I appreciate your humility, but I need my best soldiers to protect the humans. Once the human women are safe, be sure to rendezvous with Ishmael and his outfit at Shantei."

"Thank you, sir."

"One last thing."

Lexington stood up and motioned Esther to stand closer to him.

"Recall your armor and weapon."

Esther's eyes glowed a pale blue as the silver armor that protected her entire body up to her wrists, ankles, and neck began to retract its way towards the center of her chest. The retraction of her armor revealed Esther's pale, milky complexion of her skin. The sunlight that poured in from the openings of the tent highlighted the features that made her incredibly beautiful. Her skin was smooth and appeared as soft as Lexington had ever seen. Without her armor, Lexington now noticed how tightly fit the brown vest Esther wore and how much cleavage the vest revealed. Though the vest pressed her breasts up against her, he could tell they were large. The vest was sleeveless and revealed the small musculature in Esther's shoulders and arms. Her breasts were big enough that Lexington could see the sides of them through her arm sleeves. 

The beige skirt that Esther wore billowed with the breeze that blew in. Lexington glanced down and noticed the defined muscles in her thighs and calves. The sandals that had straps that wrapped up to her mid-calf seemed to barely contain the firmness of her muscular calves. 

"May I?" Lexington asked as he moved his hands just above the straps that held her vest together.

Esther nodded.

Lexington undid the straps as her vest gave way to her breasts. He saw that her breasts were now loosely held in a cloth band that wrapped around just her breasts and was tied in a knot at her back. He removed the vest and placed it on the chair beside them. With her stomach revealed, Lexington had expected Esther to have defined abs but she had but a firm flat stomach that led to her wide hips. He then placed his hands on the knot that held up Esther's skirt and undid it, but he did not remove it. He rolled her skirt a bit so that it would reveal all her legs and slightly reveal the tantalizing curvature of her firm round buttocks. Once enough of her was exposed, he tied the knot back.

Lexington took a step back as Esther looked down to see his handiwork. 

"This is what will draw Shadohinus' attention," Lexington said with a smirk. "Make sure the humans and Beth and Sera dress accordingly."

Esther stepped within an inch of Lexington. He was only a few inches taller than she, as she brought her face close to his. 

"And how will a bunch of scantily clothed human women not appear as a trap?" 

Lexington could feel her breath on his face. The smell of her breath was sweet. The smell of her hair was even sweeter. Almost intoxicating. He found himself aroused by her.

He took one step back, his calves now set against the edge of his cot. "You will appear to offer yourselves as a peace treaty."

Esther took another step forward, closer to Lexington without touching him. She seemed to straighten herself, pressing her large breasts upward and out. The band of cloth that held her breasts appeared to strain to stay on. 

"Tell me again how this is supposed to distract Shadohinus?"

Lexington felt his penis slowly fill with blood as he tried to compose himself. "Believe me, if Shadohinus saw a group of women as beautiful as you, he will be sure to collect you himself."

Esther gave a seductive smirk and stepped back. Her face returned to its stern gaze upon when she had initially entered and quickly said, "thank you, sir. See you on the battlefield."

And with that, she turned and left. 

Lexington caught a glimpse of that perfectly round ass before he sunk into his cot and sighed. Peculiar, he thought.

---

As Lexington lied with his eyes closed on his cot, his mind began to wander. The memory that flashed in his head first was the joy he felt when he severed Thraxa's head from her body. He instinctively reached down to the pocket of his robe where he kept that sack that contained Thraxa's severed cock. He didn't know what to do with it. He didn't know why he did it. All he knew was that he enjoyed relishing in his vengeance.

Though it was only moments since Esther left his tent, it felt as if hours had gone by with Lexington left alone to his thoughts. 

Finally, Ishmael entered with Enama. Lexington sat up and Enama leapt towards him. Lexington jump to his feet to meet her greeting. He noticed that her belly was smaller. 

"The baby?" he asked, worried.

"Everything's fine. I gave birth last week. I have yet to name her."

"Her?" Lexington felt his eyes fill with tears.

Enama nodded. She was glowing with both beauty and happiness.

The two wrapped their arms around each other tightly. Lexington could not wait to his child. 

"I haven't named her yet," Enama said assuredly.

"A name?" Lexington paused. He couldn't even begin to think of how to name a human baby. Thoughts flooded his mind. He didn't still understand how a baby could be half human and half Celestial. Well, a Fallen Celestial, but a Celestial none the less. He shook the thought from his mind. He didn't want to burden Enama with more unanswerable questions.

"I'm sure whatever name you come up with will be perfect," Lexington finally answered.

Enama smiled. "How about Alexa?"

Alexa, Lexington said in his head. "I like it."

Lexington embraced his wife once more before Ishmael stepped forward.

"Sir, Enama was gracious enough to select a few Shantei women that fit the profile you described. Most of them agreed to come. They want justice for what was done for their home."

Lexington wasn't surprised. He knew the women were as fierce as they were lovely. "Who did you manage to recruit?" Lexington asked Enama.

"Most of them you don't know, but Allura, Sanya, and Mara are in that group."

Mara... Lexington hadn't thought about her in the longest time. The last time he saw her was that night he had met with Gaous. She was fucking two men in a tavern in Shahemein. Lexington felt happy for her, but at the same time wondered if she was just their whore. Either way, he was glad that she was here to help.

"Good. Have Esther brief them," Lexington said to Ishmael.

Ishmael nodded, turned, and stepped out.

As soon as Ishmael was gone, Enama clung to Lexington and kissed him deeply. She pressed her firm breasts up against his chest as she slid her tongue into his mouth. Lexington returned the sentiment, cradling Enama in his arms. He felt his penis surge. Enama quickly noticed. 

"We haven't made love in so long," Enama lovingly whispered in his ear.

She reached under his robe and grasped his engulfed cock at its base and squeezed with that firm grip of hers. Lexington loved everything about Enama, but he especially loved her hands. Her hands were the strongest yet softest woman's hands that he had ever experienced. Enama continued to kiss Lexington passionately while she stroked his fully erect cock. With one of her legs wrapped around his, Lexington ran his hand down her side to her thigh and squeezed. They were as muscular and firm as ever and he loved that. 

Suddenly, Lexington broke the kiss. 

"I'm sorry, my love. But we need to arrange the attack now that we have all the pieces."

Enama smiled and replied, "I just missed you is all."

Lexington gave her one last kiss before he stepped out of the tent. He made his way through the encampment towards the west side where his army and the distraction group should be.

Ishmael had just finished speaking with Esther before she led the distraction party off towards the Black Citadel. He then turned to face Lexington and approached him.

"It should take them about three hours to walk along the coast, as far away from Shantei as possible."

Lexington nodded. "You and Daniel will attack Shantei with a small group while Aggram and I position ourselves between Shantei and the Black Citadel. We must be ready to attack once Shadohinus falls for the ploy."

"We will be," Ishmael assured.

Lexington stuck his arm out towards Ishmael as Ishmael grasped Lexington's forearm in return. 

"See you on the other side," Lexington said.

Ishmael nodded and turned towards his group. He quickly gathered his group together and off they marched towards Shantei. 

Aggram stepped to Lexington's side and said, "I'm surprised you're not going with them. I was sure you would want to deal with Shantei yourself."

"The Black Citadel will be the more fortified of the two. I will not let Shadohinus slip from my grasp."

Aggram smiled and wrapped one arm around Lexington. "Just like old times."

"Just like old times," Lexington repeated.

Moments later, Lexington and Aggram gathered the remaining Fallen forces and proceeded to march south around Shantei towards the Black Citadel. Ishmael should reach Shantei shortly before Esther and her group were close enough to distract Shadohinus.

Just before they made off, Lexington was sure to send Enama back to Shahemein with two Fallen escorts. They didn't say farewell. He would see her again. He would make sure of it.

---

It only took Lexington and his regiment of Fallen soldiers to get in position of the Black Citadel a couple of hours. It would be another hour before he expected Sera, perhaps the fastest Fallen, to dash her way towards them as the sign that the ploy had worked or failed. The anticipation was unsettling, but he had to remind himself to remain patient.

Lexington and his regiment were waiting in a cove by the Dead Ocean of the Badlands. He knew that their presence would be hidden by the surrounding hills and raging storms that constantly warred against the coast of the Badlands.

Aggram stepped from the group and took a seat on one of the many rocks that Lexington had placed himself on. 

"What if the Shantei Shadowmen were successful in summoning Demetriux?" Aggram asked.

"If they were successful, I wouldn't worry. Ishmael and Daniel are more than capable. But it doesn't matter. I had Esther scout the area before we even made camp. She said that she could feel that the energy still wasn't enough to summon the Valkyrie Lord. She also stated that it appeared as if they were just starting. I don't think Shadohinus was expecting us to attack so soon."

Aggram grunted. "How could she know such a thing?"

Lexington smirked as he turned to look at Aggram, "I trust her. You know that each of us has particular skills. Hers is just particularly useful in a time such as this."

Aggram still looked unsure, but Lexington left him to his thoughts. He turned back and continued to use his Far Sight on the Black Citadel. Because Esther's team was on the opposite of the Black Citadel, he couldn't see them, but he could see the main gait to the Citadel and the surrounding walls.

There didn't appear to be any guards that patrolled the walls as Lexington had expected. The giant gate was shut yet there also didn't seem to be any sign of patrol on the outside. It didn't worry him though. Their lack of patrol was a trait they carried from Avariceal. Because Shadohinus had control over his entire realm, similar to the Omnipotent before the Purge, defensive outposts were unnecessary because Celestials rarely ventured into Avariceal. It was usually Shadohinus on the offensive in Immobul where he was constantly stopped by the Celestial Forces.

No matter, Lexington thought to himself. The walls may be high, but that gate won't be able to hold back the strength of his entire Fallen Army.

---

The hour had passed and then some and yet there was no sign of Sera. Lexington began to worry. He could sense the restlessness from the rest of his regiment.

Aggram finally spoke up, "Sir, shall we move to the contingency?"

Lexington shook his head. He had to remain patient. Sera would come. Suddenly, a form appeared on the horizon. It was nearly dusk and the sun cast long shadows over the coves and high dead trees where the few stood. Lexington used his far sight to see the person approaching and saw that it was Sera. 

He focused his sight on her to clear his vision. He was taken aback by the sight. She was bleeding from her neck. Her summoned armor about her neck had been cracked as if something large bit down on her. Her blood ran down the front of her armor. The wrap that went about her breast was missing and the ends of her skirt were but shredded bits. She would be naked if it were for the armor that encased her. 
