 Chapter 08 -- The End

With the portal completed, Lexington realized he quickly needed to get rid of Esther. As the two dressed, Esther seemed uncomfortable with Lexington's quietness.

"What are your intentions, truly?" Esther asked.

"They're as I told Shadohinus. The current state of this realm is no long appealing."

"We still require the aid of Shadowmen to lead us to Phobus's location."

"Get on with it."

Esther gave Lexington a look of reprieve as if she didn't expect his sudden coldness, but he didn't care. Esther crouched low to the ground and placed her hands on nearby Blight. 

So this is how they communicate, Lexington thought to himself. He wondered how long it would take Shadowmen to answer Esther's call, but before he could finish the thought, a small group of Shadowmen erupted from the ground around them. There were a couple of male Shadowmen, and three female Shadowmen.

"Interesting," Lexington said aloud.

"What is?" Esther asked.

"That's how you entrapped the women of Shantei after you betrayed them."

Esther laughed. "Betray? Humans are below us, Lexington. They're mere toys for our master."

"If summoning Shadowmen on Blight is so simple, why didn't Shadohinus use this tactic when my army waited in the cove beyond the Black Citadel?"

"He didn't need to. I told him your plans. Once the distraction failed, it was simple."

Lexington felt anger grip him, but he shook it off.

"And what of Mara? How did she play into all this?"

"You."

Lexington remained silent, waiting for her explanation.

"The human fool loved you. You didn't feel the same. These humans are so fragile. Driven by emotion. Reckless. Irrational."

"How did she betray us?"

"A man named Hangoot is how."

Lexington quickly recalled the traveller that was fucking Mara those few years ago in Shantei. He remembered being mesmerized by Mara's adept skill in pleasure. He also remembered that Hangoot was the man that killed all the livestock in Shantei and had something to do with Thraxa's attack on Shantei. He wanted to ask more, but he remained quiet.

"Hangoot... a man?" Lexington pressed innocently. Esther could not have known that Lexington was familiar with Hangoot, Lexington thought.

"Men, even more easily manipulated than women. We promised Hangoot pleasure and riches beyond his wildest dreams and in return a few favors. He was the one who heralded Thraxa's army to destroy Shantei. He was the one who arrived in Shahemein before you and found Mara after you two had gone your separate ways."

Lexington then found himself remembering a question he had once asked himself -- how did Thraxa even know Lexington was in Shantei to begin with?

"Enough talk," one of the Shadowwomen said.

Lexington glared at the Shadowwoman for a moment. "Let's move out," he then commanded. 

The seven turned towards the portal with Lexington going through first and the following six after.

As Lexington stepped through, he suddenly felt ill. He had never before been in Avariceal. The surrounding area was drenched in a dark purple hue. He wondered how anyone or anything could see in this place. He had to use his Celestial abilities to focus and with it his armor was summoned.

Now, he said to himself, is the time.

As the Shadowmen stepped in after him, Lexington summoned Aequitas. The Shadowmen and Shadowwomen stepped in one by one and one by one Lexington proceeded to decapitate each of them until Esther was the last to step through.

Lexington watched as Esther's face went pale almost instantly coupled with a horrified look.

Esther opened her mouth to speak, but Lexington sliced her head off before she could voice a single sound.

As her body slumped to the ground, Aequitas faded from Lexington's grasp though his armor remained. The surrounding area was filled with dead trees, draped in some oozing black material. He wondered if this material was related to the Blight back on earth. He began to start his way out of Avariceal. He could see the end of the realm as he looked up at what was the realm's sky. There was a tear starting from the top of the sky and ended to where Lexington figured was the entrance to Immobul. 

Almost home, Lexington thought to himself. 

Though Lexington had no way of telling how long he had been in Avariceal, his journey to the entrance to the realm of Immobul seemed to last longer than he had anticipated. He noticed that Avariceal was just as abandoned he remembered Immobul was. As a Celestial, Lexington spent very little time in Immobul himself. The only time he would venture into the middle realm was to subdue any Shadowmen uprising against the Celestial Outposts.

He took one last look at Avariceal before stepping into Immobul. The simplicity of traversing between Avariceal and Immobul worried Lexington. Lexington wondered why they never inspected as to how Shadowmen entered Immobul in such great numbers. 

There were many questions Lexington had regarding his time as a Celestial. The will of the Omnipotent was Lexington's law and questioning it was never a possibility. But that was long ago.

The serenity of Immobul was as pleasant as it was unsettling. The flat stone ground still had it's thousand upon thousand minute cracks and in every direction you felt as if you were constantly surrounded by the spherical boulders. The ever-still grey environment continued to unsettle him. He tried to calm himself, unsure of the cause for his discomfort. He soon realized that he was lost. 

Though time seemed to stand still, he soon found himself in the middle of nothingness surrounded by the usual grey, smooth stone spheres jutting out of the ground around him. He realized that he could not even find his way back to Avariceal, not that he wanted to. Panic began to set in. Lexington could feel its grip tightening, but he couldn't allow it to continue. He began to quicken his pace in the direction he was going until suddenly a deafening roar of something thundered through the area. Lexington collapsed to his knees and covered his ears. He used what Celestial strength he could summon to try to ease the noise and though it didn't help as much as he hoped, the sound seemed to be a horn. The thunderous sound of the horn was enough to rumble the ground around him. Lexington felt paralyzed. He couldn't see. He couldn't move. He couldn't think. All he wanted was for the noise to stop and just like that, it ceased.

From his knees, Lexington looked up and found himself surrounded by giants. Each of the giants was probably twice Lexington's own height and was enshrouded in a blinding golden light. He could not make out their faces. Fear had gripped him. He knew that he could not take on what ever this foe was. 

Finally, he willed himself to speak.

"My name is Lexington," he shouted out. He wondered if these light giants had the ability to communicate.

A thundering noise came from the tallest of the giants again forcing Lexington to cover his ears. Lexington felt a large hand on his arm and it gently tugging his arm away.

The thundering voice of the giant began to soften and Lexington realized that he could understand them.

"L-L-Lexington..." said the tallest of the giants.

Lexington opened his eyes once again and removed his hands from his ears. He looked up into the giant's face and saw that this was no giant.

It was Gavreel, the High Seraph of Cielos.

Lexington quickly bowed his head. "Sir, I have come because I required your aid."

Though Lexington could see Gavreel's mouth move, Lexington could not understand what he was saying. His words sounded like the deafening thunder that he first heard when he encountered the Celestials.

"I... I can't understand you," Lexington said.

Suddenly, Lexington felt himself lift off the ground as if he were flying, yet he wasn't intentionally doing anything. He could see Gavreel's hand lifted towards him. Gavreel was doing this, but why?

A bright flash forced Lexington to shut his eyes and they once again he was on his feet. He opened his eyes to see only Gavreel and him. They were at the rift between the realms of Avariceal and Immobul. Gavreel seemed to have shrunken yet he was still much larger than Lexington.

"Can you hear my words, Lex?" Gavreel asked.

Lexington nodded, "What is happening to me?"

"It has already happened to you, Lexington. You are no longer a Celestial thus you can no longer live among us."

"How is it possible that I can understand you now?"

"Simple. I am merely whispering. You must understand by now that realms bend their occupants to their own rules. Being in Avariceal weakens Celestials, which is why we've never ventured close before."

"I require your aid to defeat Shadohinus."

Gavreel gave Lexington a solemn glance and replied remorsefully, "Celestials cannot help you. Without the Omnipotent, we cannot venture into the Earthen Realm."

"You can, through Avariceal!" Lexington exclaimed.

"If we went through Avariceal, we'd be greatly weakened. We may become Ehemaligs -- Fallen as you call yourselves. Greatly weaker than you once were, yet still greater than humans."

"What then?" Lexington asked desperately.

"All you can do... is fight. And you must."

Lexington turned his gaze to the ground in defeat. "If the Fallen fight unaided, we will fail."

"Lexington. Earth is your realm now. Serve it as you once did Cielos."

Lexington gazed up at who was once his brother yet now stood as a god to him. 

"Go, Lexington."

Wait, Lexington thought. This can't be it. This won't be it. The former Celestial Seraph turned to face his former commanding officer, the great Gavreel of Cielos, and stood as tall as he could.

"What will happen to Cielos once Shadohinus claims the Earthen Realm and Avariceal? He'll have two realms compared to a leaderless one," Lexington stated plainly.

Gavreel paused for a moment then finally said, "The Celestials have driven them off before, we will do so again."

"You will aid the Fallen."

"You do not command the Celestials."

Lexington felt a familiar warmth in his chest. He let the warmth take over his body as he felt his armor entwine itself over his exposed skin. Aequitas, his obsidian blade, formed in his right hand. He held it high and gazed up into the ancient face of his former commander, Gavreel.

"You stand against the High Seraph of Cielos?"

Lexington proceeded to raise his blade over his head. "I cannot allow you stand idly by while the Earthen Realm remains threatened."

The ground around Lexington began to tremble. The thundering sound of Gavreel's voice was once again inaudible to Lexington. Lexington watched as the High Seraph drew from his side sheath a blade bathed in white light. The blade seemed to be as long as Lexington as Gavreel gripped the hilt of the Greatsword of Light with both hands. Gavreel slid one foot back in attack stance and focused his sight on Lexington.

"You have made a grave mistake," Gavreel declared.

The greatsword of Gavreel came down in a colossal swoosh at Lexington. In response, the Fallen soldier rolled to one side as the edge of the enormous blade crunched into the solid ground of Immobul. 

Lexington hurtled to his feet then leapt forward in attack. A thundering clang resounded as Aequitas met the Greatsword. Lexington spun to swipe at Gavreel's legs, Gavreel countered in response. The duel and clashing of the ancient weapons seemed endless. Worry quickly gripped Lexington as he wondered what the other Celestial soldiers were waiting for. He wondered if they would aid Gavreel, but his worry was quickly forgotten as the tip of Gavreel's Greatsword caught the very edge of Lexington's forearm.

Lexington withdrew and felt an unfamiliar warmth run down his swordhand. He quickly caught a glimpse to witness the red of his blood dripping onto the bright floor of Immobul. 

"You cannot win," said Gavreel.

Lexington focused his thoughts on the present. He forgot about the Earthen Realm, about Avariceal, about Enama and Shadohinus, and about the Fallen. He focused only on Gavreel. He didn't understand what he was doing. He didn't want to kill Gavreel, but he needed his former Commander to listen. He needed Gavreel to see that he required some aid and with what little aid the Celestials could offer, Lexington knew that he would end Shadohinus threat on the Earthen Realm.

"It's not about winning," Lexington replied before lunging for what he thought would be his last attack. As he ran, he held Aequitas low and to his side gripped tightly with both hands. Once he was close enough, he planted his far foot and swung with all the might he could muster at Gavreel. In response, Gavreel met Aequitas with his Greatsword.

Lexington noticed the surprise in Gavreel's expression. It seemed as though Gavreel didn't expect the force of Lexington's swing to be as intense as it was. Gavreel dropped a step back, and Lexington pulled Aequitas back and swung once again with what Celestial strength he had left. This time Gavreel swung against Lexington as well. The resounding boom that echoed throughout Immobul when the two ancient blades met resulted in a blinding light and an explosive force that brought both Lexington and Gavreel to their backs.

The ground of Immobul was rumbling as Lexington slowly came to. The rumble was almost rhythmic. Lexington opened his eyes and felt something drawing him towards a specific direction. He sat up and noticed his body was slowly sliding on the floor of Immobul. He peered towards the direction of the pulling force and could see a whirling portal on the ground of Immobul. Dashes of blue and purple light danced around the portal. As the light dashes began to increase in speed, the pulling force increased in intensity. Lexington tried to grab ahold of anything, but there was nothing to hold on to except for loose rocks that were also being pulled in the same direction.

Lexington looked around and saw Gavreel. He noticed that although Gavreel was being pulled, he was on his feet and stepping back withstanding the pulling force. The other Celestials followed suit.

"What's happening?" Lexington yelled out.

"We opened a portal!" Gavreel answered.

"To where?!"

Lexington couldn't make out what Gavreel said. The sound surrounding the whirling portal was similar to a storm on earth though this wind blowing sound was deafening. Lexington felt himself get pulled into the portal and shut his eyes in response. Though he couldn't see anything, he felt submerged in a thick liquid. He wondered if he would drown.

Once he was finally able to open his eyes, he could see a light at the surface of what he realized would be some lake. He paddled his way to the surface and broke it before gasping for air. 

Lexington gazed around and found himself west edge of the Luildel River, the side of the river that led towards the ruins of Shantei and the Black Citadel. He pulled himself onto the dry sand of the riverbank and turned his back. His armor had withdrawn into him and he lied naked in the warmth of the noon sun.

What happened, he wondered. I lost, he said to himself. Lexington journeyed into Avariceal and Immobul and returned with nothing. The Fallen would fight and fall leaving the humans defenseless. Shadohinus will rape and ravage every corner of this world and Gavreel and the Celestials could do nothing about it.

Lexington felt himself cringe in response to the reality. He gripped at his chest as tears filled his eyes. 

"GAVREEL!" Lexington cried out. He felt himself beginning to sob before he heard a familiar voice yell out in response.

"Lexington, calm yourself," went the voice of Gavreel, the High Seraph of Cielos.

Lexington sprawled to his feet and in front of him stood Gavreel in his Celestial armor and wielding the Greatsword.

"How... how is this --"

"The energy generated from the clashing of our Celestial weapons created a rift... no, a tear between the fabric that separates the realm of Immobul and earth. There seems to be a natural drawing of riftways between realms to this earthen one. Now, let us make haste," Gavreel interrupted.

Lexington shook his head and quickly recalled his Celestial armor. Aequitas, the obsidian longsword, formed itself in a sheath that hung at Lexington's side.

"Follow me," Lexington said.

---

It took them almost half a day to find the stowed hidden that was used by Lexington what seemed a lifetime ago to escape these very shores. Lexington took Gavreel across the Luildel River, past the great grasslands of Shatelos, and to the great city of Shahemein where the Fallen Encampment awaited their leader's return.

As the two approached, Lexington had noticed that the Fallen fortifications had thickened. Lexington and Gavreel were suddenly stopped by the arrival of a small regiment of eight Fallen soldiers. Lexington recognized them immediately, but they didn't seem to recognize him.

"What is your business in Shahemein?" asked Gratel, the leader of the regiment.

"We have come to turn the tide," Gavreel answered.

Upon hearing the High Seraph's voice, Gratel and the rest of the regiment fell to one knee, bowing in respect.

"High Seraph!" all eight of the regiment yelled out. "We are at your service," they then added.

"Stand, brethren. Lexington and I await your gathering and tonight we end this debacle once and for all."

Gratel and the rest of the regiment leapt to their feet and gave Lexington and Gavreel a nod. They turned and dashed off towards the Fallen Encampment. It took mere moments for the number of the three thousand of Fallen to assemble in their positions with Aggram and Daniel standing at the forefront.

Gavreel stepped forward to Aggram. Lexington marveled at how Gavreel towered over the man who he proclaimed the Celestial Giant, Aggram. 

"It is good to see you again," Gavreel said as he placed a hand on Aggram's shoulder. Lexington noticed Aggram's eyes well up a bit as he smiled and returned a nod. 

Gavreel did the same with Daniel before calling out to the rest of the Fallen Army by saying, "This war ends here and now, to the Black Citadel we march!"

The Fallen Army responded with a war cry, the loudest Lexington had ever witnessed as he felt himself fill with a fervor he had long since forgotten. Gavreel turned in the direction of the Black Citadel and raised his hand upward. 

"MOVE OUT!" went the booming voice of the High Seraph of Cielos.

Lexington paused Gavreel and responded, "I have to prepare the people of Shahemein- as a precaution. Spare Daniel and a few others to remain with me and we will catch up."

Gavreel nodded, turned and headed towards the Black Citadel with the rest of the Fallen Army in tow.

Daniel, Sera, and a couple of other Fallen Soldiers followed Lexington into Shahemein.

"Did it work?" Daniel asked.

Lexington nodded.

"What about Mikel and the rest of the Celestial Army?" 

"I never stepped foot in Cielos. I got as far as Immobul when Gavreel found me. Somehow we opened a portal and Gavreel and I were dragged through," Lexington answered.

"Do you think Gavreel-"

Lexington turned and interrupted Daniel, "He is the High Seraph of Cielos, Daniel. Have faith."

Daniel paused, seemingly ashamed with his lack of faith.

A few moments later, Daniel spoke up and asked, "Why hasn't Shadohinus attacked?"

"For some reason, he cannot cross the Luildel River."

"They could just build a bridge," Daniel added.

"Apparently, they can't. I was able to gain Shadohinus' aid into Avariceal but promised that I'd return with Phobus."

"The Monolith of Immobul?" Daniel asked, incredulously.

Lexington nodded.

"Would the monolith have helped them cross the bridge?"

"Yes."

"What if Shadohinus figured you didn't plan on following through? He could simply go in and search for Phobus himself if he felt you were taking too long."
