 I emerge from the alleyway, looking down the long row that hosts most of the brothels and taverns in the Platinum District. A smiling courtesan shouts to me, a lewd invitation to join her, but I merely tip my hat and smile. There is a well-lit tavern ahead on my left. At night, large lamps illuminate a sign above the door, on it, written in red: The Bloody Princess. 

A man crashes through the door in mid-flight and lands in the street in a tumble where he finally comes to rest. Inside I hear shouting and cheering. I enter and am taken by surprise by the loud, deep roar of a man. Like a beast, he is. Enormous, easily over seven feet tall, his short black hair looks as though he trimmed it himself with a knife. He stands on a stage, which usually has erotic dancing, wearing nothing but a loin cloth and holds a man slightly taller than me with only his palm by the dome of his head, dangling him in the air. 

"This puny speck of a man dares to challenge Mraundek! Perhaps I shall crush his skull."

A large drunken crowd cheers at this, giving Mraundek a standing ovation and chanting his name in unison over and over again. I notice several dazed men trying to make it back to their feet near the edges of the tavern. I approach the bar and sit on the stool farthest from the crowd. When I take my seat I hear a sharp scream followed by a loud crunch followed by the thump of a body hitting the floor.

Some of the men, struggling to get to their feet on the sides of the room, begin to scream hysterically. One of them shouts with rage and charges the giant. But Mraundek easily lifts him up over his head and then in one swift movement comes to a kneeling position and brings him down to his knee. His torso is nearly folded in half while the sounds of his spine and probably a few ribs breaking bring about a near-sympathetic "oooh" from the crowd. Mraundek slings his lifeless corpse at a cluster of men standing side-by-side, ready to charge, then beats on his chest and howls. He grabs a pint of ale on a nearby table and downs it in one gulp with some of the drink spilling down the rippling muscles on his bare chest and stomach. 

A young pretty blond nearby cheers and claps, jumping up and down, allowing her full breasts to bounce along with her, even though the tight leather tunic she wears holds them mostly in check. She shouts in a slur "None of you bastards are a match for Mraundek!" Her laughter is a little louder than seems ladylike. The barkeep approaches me, while the giant backhands another of the men that dare to charge the stage.

"Bertie! Good to see you. Didn't think you'd be back here."

"How could I resist? With your new bouncer and all." I say, and the barkeep laughs at first but then his face turns deadly serious.

"Eh- just an occupant, came in two days ago and hasn't left since. Not that I'm complaining, he draws in a bigger drinking crowd than even my girls do, though most of the lot just have a death wish. Sailed in on a pirate ship from what he says, believe it or not." 

"Pirates, in our fine city?" I say.

"Not anymore, Mraundek and the lady are the only ones remaining; the others have already set sail."

"Lady? Do you mean that drunken jiggling blond over there?" I say with a quick smirk in her direction.

"Yes, lovely thing. Name's Alexis I think. Tried to convince her to become one of my dancers but believe it or not when she isn't stone drunk she's a bit stuck up." 

"What do you know of these pirates?" I say, and he gives me an almost menacing look.

"And what does a butcher want to know about pirates?" he says.

"Just keeping up on all of the gossip." I shrug and then glare at him.

He leans in closer. "Well, you know I'm not one to gossip, but I heard they left town yesterday on account of the city guard planning a raid on their ship. You see, word is, they had some precious cargo on board that they stole from a very wealthy man. One of the guards says that a very wealthy fellow has offered a hell of a lot of coin for their heads."

"A fascinating tale." I say, though it feels incomplete. 

The giant laughs and grabs hold of two men and tosses them up in the air. They hit the ceilings bringing clumps of dust and debris down, and then plummet to the floor groaning in pain where they land on their on their stomachs. The crowd begin cheering and drinking and some are even dancing and Mraundek stands before them with his massive arms held high in a victory stance and he roars, "I cannot be defeated!" 

"He certainly enjoys himself." I say to the barkeep.

Then they enter the tavern. A small regiment of the city guard, moving in formation they approach the giant, at least twelve men total. In the front are eight men in rows of four with swords and shields in hand and behind them are four archers with crossbows trained on the giant. The swordsmen move forward as one very tight-knit unit while the archers linger near the door with two men on either side. One of the men, wearing a helmet somewhat fancier than the others steps forward and engages the giant in an unwavering stare. 

"This crowd will disperse immediately!" he shouts. 

The crowd struggles with the revelation, that the city guard actually decided to do something about a disturbance in the Platinum Quarter. Some of the men have a look of sheer horror, while others are so drunk that though they make an effort to run they merely fall to their faces. The pretty blond makes a dash for a nearby hall that leads to the private quarters. I join Otis and some of the other members of the crowd behind the bar where we duck down and poke our heads up over the counter for a better look.

"I am Captain Roderick and you- giant, are under arrest!"

The giant steps down from the stage and moves closer to the Captain, his cold eyes show no fear.

"This small group is all you bring to challenge Mraundek?" he says.

"Surrender, or we will be forced-" 

Mraundek slings a nearby table at Captain Roderick who barely rolls out of the way in time but the table continues its flight through the ranks of swordsmen knocking most of the men to the floor and causing the others to stagger into a kneel. The giant laughs and one of the crossbow bolts whizzes by his head and breaks a bottle at our position behind the bar, causing mead to flow down onto Otis's head. I chuckle at him.

To our suprise the giant catches the next bolt that comes in his direction with blinding speed then he snaps it with his thumb and tosses another table at the archers on the right side of the door which strikes before they can line up for their shot at him. The table top flies at their heads like a frizbee and shatters when it makes contact with their skulls and the wall. The archers' lifeless bodies collapse to the ground.

Then the Captain recovers to take a swipe at Mraundek's legs, but the giant easily leaps over his blade, which narrowly avoids taking off his toes. When he lands he dodges a quick lunge of the Captain's blade and strikes him hard, though mainly making contact with his helmet. Captain Roderick staggers backwards and then regains his composure when five of his men come to their feet and stand beside him. They become a like a wall and point their blades at the unarmed Mraundek, causing him to step back, closer to our position at the bar.

"Over here!" was the shout of the young blond, Alexis, who had just come running back into the tavern carrying a large weapon. She slides it across the bar-counter toward Mraundek's position causing several glasses to shatter until the giant finally gets his hands on it. Then she scampers back into the hallway. The weapon looks like an enormous two-handed mace which has some kind of animal head at the center with several spikes protruding from it. He holds it up victoriously over his head, while two crossbow bolts whiz by him and break a few more bottles behind us.

Mraundek, wielding his terrifying weapon, moving with a speed and precision, which seems unnatural for a man so large, though it is hauntingly familiar. He parries three blades at once with the shaft of his weapon and kicks another man into a wall at least ten feet away where he collapses to the floor. Then Mraundek unleashes the fury of his wicked mace, which two guards and the Captain manage to duck but the last man takes the brunt of it squarely, and blood and bits of brain fly all over the floor, with a few bits landing behind the bar, causing a nearby drunkard to vomit. We all cringe at the sight and another drunkarkd vomits on the man who just vomited.

With lightning speed Mraundek catches one of the men on the back of the head with the pommel of his mace, which was a large metal ball and then quickly follows up with an upward swing which sends the man flying toward the ceiling, showering everyone around with his blood. One of the men screams and tries to run but the giant brings the mace down on his spine with a loud crack and then grabs the man and slings him into the two remaining archers, which were about to fire another bolt at him. Instead their shots strike the flying body right before it reaches them.

Captain Roderick rises to his feet and lunges wildly at Mraundek, who side-steps his blade at the last moment and holds his sword arm in place and rips his shield from his arm. The giant kicks him firmly in the diaphragm and the Captain collapses onto both knees. Mraundek toys with him, picks him up by the throat and slams him into a nearby table with all of his might. The three remaining guards finally rise to their feet and charge at the giant wildly, connecting only with the bar when he hops over them, leaping high into the air. One of the guards loses his helmet in the charge and Mraundek claps at his head savagely, and the loud crunch of his skull caving in causes the man next to him to run screaming for the door, only to be halted when his own sword lands in his back like a throwing knife. 

The final guard drops to his knees and begs and pleads with the giant for mercy. Tears roll down his cheeks and he blubbers about a wife and child, but the giant only laughs at him. Behind him, Captain Roderick begins to stir, and the giant turns ever so slightly, then the guard makes his final desperate lunge and Mraundek steps on his sword, snapping it. Then he takes hold of his arms and puts his foot to the guard's chest. His scream fills the air and quickly after the snap of bone a large spray of blood comes in over our heads, followed by one of the ripped-off arms of the guard, which causes the drunkards to resume their vomiting.

Only Captain Roderick remains, staggering and stumbling around the room, looking for his sword. Mraundek finds it first. With the Captain's throat in hand he stabs him repeatedly, eliciting the final cry of the brave Captain Roderick and then he tosses his lifeless body through the door and out into the street from the other end of the room.

Otis looks over the wreckage and carnage of the tavern from behind the bar. His wide-eyed look of shock is unwavering. We all watch as the giant takes great pleasure in making sure that all of the guards left in the tavern are dead. One of the archers still lives at the back of the room and awakens just in time to experience Mraundek snapping his neck with one hand.

"I- I want you out of my tavern!" Otis shouts, but won't look the giant in the eye.

Mraundek gives him a fearsome glare.

"Now- I- I mean in the morning, I think you should leave. You know for your own good." Otis says.

The giant laughs. Then Alexis peeks out from the hallway, looking a little more sober than she did earlier. She holds a small crossbow in her hands and turns away from the gore and carnage of the tavern. She places a large purse of coin on the counter which Otis grabs quickly, nodding to her in thanks.

"Mraundek! We need to leave!" she squeals. "They'll all be after us."

Mraundek approaches the young blond, his torso completely covered in blood, and snatches her up in a playful bear hug, causing her to scream.

"Lexy!" he shouts spinning around with her in his arms. "Where'd you go? You missed all the fun!"

"Not so tight." she groans.

The giant laughs and slings the girl over his shoulder.

"Put me down!" she shouts and swings her arms at him wildly.

"Oh I'll put you down!" the giant laughs. "You will pleasure Mraundek tonight."

"No!" she shouts. "I never agreed to that!"

He takes a bottle of honey mead from the counter, that one of the drunks was about to open. Only her long blond hair can be seen hanging down in front of her face when the giant turns toward the hallway; apparently his loin cloth doesn't cover his backside very well.

Otis looks at me. "I pity the poor sod that tries to get in his way."

"Save your pity for your tavern, this place is a wreck." I say.

They stop at a room where the dancers and some of the cleaner customers generally bathe. Alexis is insisting that Mraundek at least have the courtesy to clean himself up. The giant drops his loin cloth, and sets her down before him. He motions to her to clean him and she looks at him in disgust and shakes her head. When she turns for the door he grabs her arm and spins her toward him.

She fights at first, her body rubbing slightly against his rather large penis. He pulls off her tunic while she squeals, revealing those beautiful young breasts. Something about her perfect body speaks to me in more ways than one. A tattoo on the small of her back looks like a coat of arms.

The giant puts his hand down her leather pants, and I know by her whimper that he has a finger in her slit. He brushes the hair from her face with his other hand and then pulls back her head and lightly kisses her neck. Those tight pants don't slide off easily, but the ass underneath them is worth the effort. I feel a great swell of jealousy toward the giant. 

"You have no bush!" Mraundek says.

"Something all women of noble birth go through. My body hair was permanently removed when I reached the age of sixteen. Supposed to make us more refined." she says.

"Did it hurt?" Mraundek says.

"Not really, you just drink some potion." she says.

Alexis spots a bucket of water in the corner of the room and laughs when she douses the giant with it. Mraundek begins to laugh as well and chases her around the room. He's much quicker and lifts her up to his face with one motion. Her legs wrap around his neck while he begins to lick her clit. Soft moaning, with a quiet grunt and her struggles become less and her legs begin to hang limply over the giant's shoulders now. Her eyes close and her cries go louder and she has her hands in his hair pulling his head closer to her vagina. For several minutes he does this until she begins to shake and moan louder.

"Why did you stop?" she says, when the giant puts her down on the floor.

"It's your turn." the giant laughs, her pretty little mouth drops open in shock while she stares up at his tremendous member, which causes her to whimper weakly.

"Why don't we go to my room first?" she says. "I'll go pour a drink and you stay here and get cleaned up."

Mraundek shrugs and nods in agreement, and she moves for the hallway, her beautiful naked body looking like a king's ransom. I can see the vial she removes from a drawer in the roughly made nightstand near the bed. She pours only a few drops of the green liquid in one of the glasses of honey mead and puts the vial away just in time for the giant's entrance into her room.

She hands him the glass, and he eyes it half-heartedly. Then he picks up the bottle and takes a large swig, with some pouring down his face while he gulps. He laughs and sets the glass of honey mead down on the nightstand. She looks up at him and eyes his massive muscular body up and down and for a brief moment I think she is going to faint, but Mraundek wraps his arms around her and kisses her lips deeply. She struggles a bit and he begins to caress her bottom and one of his hands finds her left breast and he picks her up and lightly tosses her onto the bed.

Alexis tries to roll away but Mraundek takes her by the hair and pulls her face to his dick. A look of revulsion on her face while he pushes his testicles to her mouth and rubs them up and down her nose.

"Suck me." he demands.

Her mouth opens very wide and barely fits the tip of the giants cock inside. He laughs and takes another swig from the bottle of honey mead on the nightstand while he stuffs her mouth. He groans and continues to drink and holds her head to his dick. At last she fights her way free and gasps for air.

"Give me a drink!" she says.

The giant laughs and pours some in her hair, to which she screams. He rolls her over and pours some in her mouth and she coughs it up, swallowing very little and he taps her face with the head of his penis.

"You suck me, then you get a drink." he says.

Then he pulls her head down and stuffs the tip of his dick into her mouth again, and she chokes and gags even though she doesn't take him very deep. Mraundek laughs and pulls her up by the hair then he hands her the bottle and she takes a drink of the honey mead. He licks the mead that flows from her lips and takes the bottle from her and finishes it off with one last gulswig

He pushes her down onto her back and straddles her body. Her eyes bulge when he rubs the tip of his dick on her clitoris and her quivering moan fills the room and she whines.

"Please! It's too big." she says.

But the giant only laughs and impales her with it and she moans and screams and claws at his back while he thrusts into her slowly. Then he pins her shoulders down with his hands and starts to give her the occasional hard thrust which causes her body to bounce upward off of the feather bed. Her screams are continuous and she claws into his chest while he pounds into her slit over and over.

"Stop!" Alexis screams.

"Then you will ride me." Mraundek grunts.

She nods after a moments hesitation and he rolls over onto his back. When she slides off of the long dick inside of her, I can hear a popping noise and she whines. She moves back down to his member and begins to stroke it with both hands and lick the tip. Perhaps she is hoping to get him off before she has to have the enormous cock inside of her once more. He holds her head down on his shaft when she engulfs him with her mouth, opening her jaws widely, and she squirms and gags while the giant groans. Then he releases her and slaps his thigh.

She moves slowly and comes to a squatting position over the dick. I hear her cries grow louder while the tip enters her and when she finally comes to her knees on top of his she gives out one tremendous scream. His hands are on her hips and he thrusts her up and down with ease on his shaft. I get the full view of her beautiful ass bouncing and jiggling and the movement goes faster.

After several minutes of this view the giant lifts her and brings her to the wall where he continues his assault on her vagina, and she screams very loudly while his thrusts shake the walls until finally he tosses her back to the bed. With a few strokes of his penis, he unloads his seed on her naked body, and it is quite a blast of sperm, shooting onto her stomach and trailing through her breasts and onto her chin. Mraundek breathes heavily and Alexis moans in pain and their is a grimace on her face. 

The giant picks up the bottle of honey mead and then throws it to the ground when he realizes that it is empty. He takes the last remaining glass and downs it's contents quickly. Then his eyes begin to flicker and he stumbles to and fro and he finally collapses to the floor. 

"Idiot," Alexis shouts, but Mraundek only lays there.

She rises from the bed and groans her way to her feet. She stumbles around the room, walking bow-legged and when she approaches my position in the chifferobe I seize her, my blade to her throat.
