 Liana spent the night in Carmen's arms. Feeling that firm warmth against her was a world away from the bestial savagery of Kurn but it somehow felt right - it was a totally different type of satisfaction and she could not explain it, even to herself. She just knew that as long as Carmen's arms were draped around her, she was content and whatever the Duke did to her, there would be somewhere she could come and everything would be better. She liked to think Carmen felt the same. When she had returned to her room last night there had been no words exchanged, Carmen had simply taken her hand and led her to the bed. They didn't do anything - they just lay together - each understanding what the other had been through. A deep bond that transcended words. 

The sun broke through the window heralding a new day. What it would bring Liana had no idea, though she was sure of one thing - it would not be like life on the farm. Carmen stirred. She opened her eyes and softly smiled. Liana brushed the stray hair from her face, leant in and kissed her on the lips. 

"Morning beautiful."

"Good morning," said Liana stroking Carmen's cheek. "Thank you for last night. For holding me. For not...expecting anything from me."

Carman said nothing and just pulled Liana towards her, kissing her, gently at first but then more firmly. Liana lifted her leg and brought it over so she straddled Carmen's hips. She then gripped a slender wrist in each hand, pinning her to the bed. She pushed her tongue into Carmen's mouth. Liana could feel their nipples touching and released her grip on one of Carmen's wrists, running the hand down her lover's body until she could feel the moistness between her legs. Carmen moaned and pushed back with her hips. Liana applied more pressure, using the movement of Carmen's body to judge when she was getting it just right. 

A hard knock at the door.

"Come in," said Carmen to Liana's surprise. Carmen saw her expression, "Don't worry, the Duke likes his girls to get to know one another."

The door opened and a guard stepped in. His expression was one of undisguised shock blended with lust. "Oh, I'm sorry..shit."

Liana twisted to face the door, her shoulders were back causing her pale breasts to ride high and pert. 

"What do you want?"

"The Duke has asked that you start making preparations for this evening. He said to tell you he wants you both downstairs after supper and ready for the 'Angel'. He said you'd know what that meant."

Carmen nodded in understanding, "Yes, that's fine. You may go."

The guard lingered for as long as he was able before finally turning and leaving the room. 

When the sound of his footsteps faded to nothing Liana turned to Carmen. "The 'Angel'?"

"Ha, yes, don't worry, this is one of the best things he could have chosen. It's a straightforward affair. Nothing particularly difficult or unpleasant. I imagine he's going easy on us in preparation for his birthday tomorrow."

Liana teased Carmen's tangled hair out laying it gently on her chest. "What is it. And what will he want tomorrow?"

"Tomorrow, I'm not sure. I know it will involve taking you for the first time. He's been saving it for his birthday, so that's assured. A word of advice, he doesn't last very long generally speaking so the more you can wind him up, the less time he'll spend inside you. As for the Angel, that's actually rather fun, well for me. You'll be more of a spectator. But unless you'd hate me, can we make it a surprise."

"You actually 'enjoy' it?" 

"Liana my darling, this life of mine could be a living hell. I see no way to change it, so I try to make the most of it. I spent the first winter here crying myself to sleep every night, despising his every touch and desperately trying to wash any trace of him from me. I was miserable. Now, as you can see, I am reasonably happy. Of course, I would rather be living in an elven woodland with a handsome woodcutter and three beautiful children but that's just torturing myself. I have made the best of a bad situation and I would advise you do the same. Besides, if I was in an elven woodland, I would never have met you. And with that, she took Liana by the shoulders and pulled her back down into the bed. 

****

They walked side by side down a board stone passageway lit by sputtering torches. Liana had searched in the cupboard and found a black buckled bodice and a crimson knee-length sarong. Her hair fell loose down her back and she wore knee-length boots with short heels. Carmen was again dressed in a sleeveless ivory dress which belted at the waist and was low cut to reveal her sumptuous cleavage. Liana could see why Carmen chose ivory so much. It looked stunning against her dark red hair and olive skin, especially when set off by the flash of her blue eyes. 

"For now," said Carmen "I'm happy to sort out things with the alchemist, but in time you'll need to come down here yourself and collect the various potions, brews and ointments we require."

"I am training as a herbalist." said Liana, "Or at least I was."

"Alchemy differs a little I believe. If I recall correctly a herbalist uses only natural materials, whereas an alchemist uses magic in this creations."

Liana considered for a moment, "Yes, I suppose that's true. I've never used magic. I've never even seen magic being used."

"It's certainly not common in these parts but where I grew up magic was used every day. Ah, here we are. This is the place."

Carmen knocked on the great slab of wooden door. In a few seconds they heard a clatter of glass and then the door creaked open. To Liana's surprise, instead of a wizened old man, a short green-skinned creature stood before her. It was scrawny and hairless with pointed ears a large head and long fingers. A roughspun cloak was draped over its shoulders but it seemed to make no effort to covers its member which hung like a shrivelled pickle between its legs. 

"Morning Rigel. This is Liana, our newest arrival." the goblin stared. "We're here on the Duke's business. We need an Angel potion."

The goblin dragged its eyes away from Liana and muttered. "Of course, come in."

The laboratory was small and cramped. A single bench dominated the room spread with all manner of strange instruments, flasks, and powders. Shelves lined the wall and upon them were hundreds of labelled glass bottles, each one containing odd-looking substances. 

"An Angel potion you say? Very rare, very expensive." The goblins voice was croaking and hoarse. 

"It's not for me, Rigel. It's for the Duke, so you might as well just hand it over."

The goblin walked over to Liana. The creature only just came up to her waist. It reached out a hand towards her chest. Liana slapped it away. "What do you think you're doing."

The goblin jumped back startled. "You'd do well to get in my good books. I have all the potions."

"He's right," agreed Carmen despondently. "Unfortunately he 'does' have all the potions and although you might not need one today, you will soon and it's best to keep him on your side."

"What could I possibly need from him?" asked Liana, a slight look of revulsion on her face."

"Well for starters, if the Duke is a little rough, you'll be begging for one of his healing drafts and should the Duke demand..alternative entry into you, you'd be wise to use one of his numbing poultices. He also creates a rare brew that keeps you like new in good shape downstairs. Despite all the Duke's proclivities, I'm still in like new"

Liana turned to the goblin. "Is that a cream made with tincture of applewheat and mashed cloudberries?"

Rigel nodded, "Indeed. You have knowledge of the alchemical arts?"

"Only some basic herbalism."

The goblin grinned. If you do me a favour, I will make you up a cream this very day - enough for a week. 

Liana let out a long breath. "And what would you expect in exchange for this...favour."

The goblin took Liana's hand in his and pulled it down towards his groin. She could feel his little cock getting stiffer by the second. 

Liana considered for a moment. "Just with my hand?"

"This time, yes, as you're new."

"Very well, lie on the bench"

The goblin eagerly cleared a space on his worktop, pushing aside the various jars and bottles, then using a stool, climbed up until he was sat facing Liana. She could see his mottled green cock was now hard and upright. She seated herself on the stool and with one hand pushed the goblin back so it was lying on the table. Looking more closely she could see the goblin's member was not like a man's - more like dog's. There was no swollen dome at the end, just a smooth shaft that tapered at the end. There was a hole at the tip but she was a little lost as to what to do with it. She'd not seen many different ones, just Kurns, the farm boy and the Duke's and she'd found in the past, a back and forth motion very quickly achieved the desired result. 

She gently took hold of the shaft with her hand and pulled on it gently. The goblin made contented noises, "Hmmm, use the sun oil."

Carmen took a bottle of golden oil from a shelf and dribbled a small amount over Liana's open hand. She took hold of Rigor's length again and began to slide her clasped hand up and down it.

Rigel pushed himself up so he could see what she was doing - he wanted to watch this beautiful human using its slender pale fingers to draw forth his milk. 

"That's right. Hmmm. Perfect."

Liana hadn't seen one this small before and for some reason, she felt she needed to be gentle, as though it might break if she was too rough. 

"You can suck it if you want to."

Liana looked at the goblin and shook her head. "That was not part of our deal."

"How about getting your tits out for me?"

Liana paused a moment and nodded to Carmen, who, having no oil on her hands, unlaced the back of Liana's top allowing her breasts to come free. 

"Gods alive," leered the goblins. "What a fucking pair."

Liana arched her back a little to ensure they looked their best, fixed the goblin with her sluttiest look and began to work his cock a little harder. The way she saw it, like the Duke, the more turned on he was, the quicker this was over. Carmen did have a point. The more you went along with things the easier they became and whether she liked it or not, she needed to make this creature spend its load. Moaning and complaining would only delay the act, and there were a lot of benefits to having an alchemist on her side when it came to planning her escape. 

The goblin was getting more and more excited. She could feel its erection was at its peak and a few glistening drops were starting to appear at its opening. Using her free hand she reached down and found it's hairless balls which she gripped and twisted. Almost instantly the goblin cried out and a spray of opalescent cum burst forth, arcing through the air and splattering over the goblin's chest. Rigel's eyes were fixed on her, staring and manic, locked in ecstasy. Another spray of semen came forth and another. Liana was amazed at how much this tiny creature could produce. After another two jets, the flow slowed and she squeezed the cock dry with a milking action, the last rivulets of seed issued from the pointed end and ran down her hand. 

"How was that," she asked the panting goblin, looking about the lab for a clean cloth. 

"Hmmm...perfect. You can come and collect your salve this evening."