 Carmen was sat on the side of the bed. She ran the back of her hand down Liana's thigh and smiled at her. "You'll have your own room, and you'll never go hungry. There are some advantages."

"I had my own room and plenty of food back in Barodale."

"I know. But I've found it easier if you accept this life and embrace it rather than struggle at every turn. If you do as you're asked, things are simple. Yes, it's...'undesirable', at times, but if you resist, you end up worse off. The Duke is a sick, twisted man, that's no secret, but at least he's not easily driven to violence. If you don't play by the rules, it brings out his darker side. I'd rather the devil I know."

Liana sat up on the bed. She was still unclothed but felt at ease with Carmen. "Have you ever tried to escape?"

"Early on, yes." I was beaten and sent to the dogs. 

"Dogs?"

Carmen's face showed little emotion. "Yes. The Duke has a reptile house. He keeps all manner of abominations there including a pack of dogs - well lizard-dogs I suppose they are. Scaled things, huge like hunting mastiffs. Very powerful."

"But you're here?" said Liana standing up. She walked over to Carmen and took her hands. "They didn't kill you?"

"Oh no," a dark shadow crossed Carmen's face. A fleeting memory that had been beaten back into the darkness. "They don't attack, they..."

Liana believed she understood and nodded.

"The Duke likes to watch. He has a room which looks over their cage. When they're all finished, the punishment is over. I've never tried anything since. It's easier that way."

Liana drew her closer and pulled Carmen's head into her chest. 

They stayed that way while the shadows inched across the room. 

Carmen stepped back, their eyes met again. "I'm glad you're here."

Liana managed a twisted smile. "I suppose if I have to be here, then I couldn't wish for better company."

"We need to dress you. Come on, this way."

Carmen led the way through a low doorway into a long room lined with tall cupboards. 

"These are our clothes, they may not all fit you, but there is a seamstress who will make adjustments. The duke requested something from the 'special' selection which means that he is planning something with you tonight. The alchemist will be preparing you some brews as well, one to prevent you bearing child and another one to aid your recovery. Those who come here have often ended up in...uh...poor health, shall we say, and the Duke likes us healthy."

"Will he beat us?"

"No, not usually, but...well, it's best not to dwell on it. It might not happen."

Carmen opened the door of a broad oak cupboard to reveal several hangers draped with straps, buckles, chains and pieces of dark leather.

She lifted a hanger off the rack and held it up. "He enjoys his new arrivals dressed this way. This one should fit you. Put it on and meet me in the hall outside my room. I will go and get the alchemist's brews. Please don't try to escape; it won't work and will likely send both of us to the dogs. Oh, and look in the third cupboard along - you'll find boots in there."

Liana took the offered clothes and watched Carmen's naked form leave the room. She sighed and looked at the items dangling from the hanger. What had happened? Just a few days back she was eating stew around the table, arguing with her father about marriage. Now she was locked in a castle with a bloated deviant, scared to do anything wrong in case she was given to a pack of sex-starved animals. 

Carmen was right, focus on the moment. At present everything was okay. She felt a lot better after the food and although thoughts of her family plagued her, she knew that dwelling on them did no one any good. Right now she had to survive and if Carmen was speaking the truth, the best course of action was to comply until an opportunity arose, and when it did she'd grab it with both hands. 

The outfit seemed the correct size though it was more lingerie than clothing. She started by putting on a tiny black leather top which pushed her chest together making it look twice the size it was. Then black underwear - there was very little cloth and it slipped between her cheeks leaving nothing to cover her arse. Slim buckled straps hung down and clipped onto garters which fitted snugly around her thighs. She pulled on a pair of black silk elbow-length gloves and finished by clipping a choker around her neck. Something was missing - the boots. She picked out a pair of knee-high black ones with rows of laces down the front.

Liana looked herself up and down in the mirror. It was a striking look and one that hopefully would please the Duke. At this point, if she could make a good impression, it would make it all the easier to gain his trust and that was essential if she was to escape. 

Liana picked up a hairbrush from the dressing table. Her hair was still damp from the bath but Carmen's oils had restored its lustre and it fell straight and smooth down her back. She wondered if perhaps Carmen might have time to braid it but she doubted the Duke would notice. 

After another turn into the mirror to check her back, she headed through Carmen's room and into the hall. A guard in chain mail sat on a bench. He looked up as Liana entered and seemed to temporarily lose the power of speech. His eyes swam over her, taking in every curve. 

"Problem?"

"Um. No Miss. Sorry."

Carmen, now dressed in a slim blue skirt and a white low cut blouse, turned into the corridor carrying a tray. Her eyes widened when she saw Liana and beckoned her over. 

"I have seen many women wear that clothing, but no-one has ever made it look so...perefect."

Liana looked down at herself. 

"Forgive me, we must not keep the Duke waiting. She raised the tray. This one is to stop you bearing child; drink it once a month. And this one," she held up the clay cup, "will make you feel good as new. It can sometimes lower your inhibitions a little too, which might be useful on your first night."

Liana eyed the cups suspiciously. "Do 'you' drink them?"

"Of course, the restorative one is more costly and the alchemist is always reluctant to hand them out, but there are ways of convincing him. Trust me, you'll be glad you drank it."

For some reason Liana trusted Carmen. She'd only know the woman a few hours but already she felt completely comfortable in her presence. 

"Very well."

She tipped them back, one after the other and made a face. 

"Yuck."

"You'll get used to it. Now follow me, the Duke is waiting."

*****

"Wait here. I'll check he's ready."

Carmen knocked on the heavy oak door. "Enter."

She disappeared inside leaving Liana standing in the stairwell. 

After a few minutes, she came back out. "He is ready. He wants to be alone with you, so I'm going to head back to my room."

She took Liana's head in her hands and kissed her on the lips. Liana's mouth fell open and she once again felt the intoxicating wetness of Carmen's tongue sliding against her own.

Carmen stepped back and their lips parted. "Remember, it's easier if you just go along with it. I'll be waiting for you in my room." And with that, she ascended the stairs and left Liana alone. 

"Is now my chance?" Liana looked around quickly, there were doors leading off - she had no idea where to, but she could try...

A towering figure stepped through the doorway suited in heavy, dark armour. 

"This way m'lady."

He gripped her wrist in a gauntleted hand and led her into the room. 

It was another beautifully decorated chamber lined with colourful tapestries and heavy silks. A huge four poster bed dominated the room and sprawled in an armchair, next to the fire was the obscene form of the Duke. He had a glass of red wine in one hand and his other was picking at a scab on his cheek. 

"Ah, excellent. Welcome my dear. You look absolutely ravishing. Doesn't she look ravishing Garn?"

"Yes, my lord."

"Come over here and let me take a proper look at you."

The brew was not working because Liana felt just as repulsed by him as she had earlier, but she had to admit, she felt stronger and more awake. She strode across the room, her heels tapping on the stone. Up close she could see spittle on his cracked lips; his puffy eyes were greedily devouring every inch of her. 

"You are perhaps, the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen. Come and sit on my lap."

Liana took a deep breath and carefully seated herself on the Duke's thighs. She could feel his stiff cock pressing against her ass. Before she had time to register, his hand grabbed her breast and squeezed it hard. 

"Nice and firm. I like them firm."

Liana fought with herself. She had to stay calm. She had to let this man have his way...for now. 

Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the armoured warrior was still there. He just stood in silence watching, one hand on his sword. She guessed it was for security. She certainly didn't feel like trying anything stupid with him there. 

The Duke stoked her bare thigh with a clammy hand. "Have you been broken in my dear? A girl like you must have had her share of men, eh?"

Liana held back a shudder and forced her voice to remain steady. "I'm not a virgin, no."

"Didn't think so, not with tits like these." He squeezed again, hard, then pushed her body round a little so his beetroot face was level with her cleavage. "Hmmm...daddy likes these." He shoved his face in and began sucking and licking - she could feel his rough skin scraping and saliva dripping down towards her stomach. 

The Duke pulled his face free. "Oh yes, we're going to have a lot of fun you and I. What about your arsehole, has anyone been in there yet? I'll bet they have."

Liana didn't know what to answer. She had never desired such a thing and no one had ever asked but she thought it unwise to tell him that - an unsullied place was exactly what someone like him would get excited about. 

"I'm not a stranger to that either."

"Excellent. No need to be gentle then, eh?"

A shard of pain shot through Liana's body and she twitched involuntarily as a hand grabbed her between the legs, pinching her lips and twisting them. "That feels good too. Very good in fact. But I'm afraid my dear, you'll have to wait. Coincidentally, it's my birthday in two days time and I have decided to save that particular indulgence as a present to myself. Well, more accurately it will be your present to me. Does that please you to know you'll be making a Duke so very happy on his birthday?"

Liana closed her eyes and breathed deeply. "Of course."

"Good, good. So tell me...Liana, that your name isn't it."

"Yes."

"Good, tell me, what do you like? What filthy fetish does a slut like you enjoy?" He slipped a finger into her panties and ran it up and down her slit.

"I, um, enjoy the company of men."

"Of course you do," he slid his finger in. A broken nail caught on the soft skin causing Liana to wince. The feeling of his fat, sweaty finger disgusted her but she tried to keep her mind fixed on the bigger picture.

"But what do you like them to do to you?"

"Make love?" It was more of a question than an answer.

"Ha! You're very coy my dear. That will all change. Get your tits out for me."

Liana pulled the small leather top down and her breasts almost burst out such was the pressure they were under. 

"Perfect, hmmm..." The Duke took a nipple into his mouth and began sucking, he nibbled a little, but thankfully didn't bite. At the same time, he eased a second finger inside her, pushing and pulling. Liana cast her eyes down to see the balding, mole-speckled head bobbing at her chest. It was all she could do not jump up and kick him in the face, but she knew as soon as she did so, she'd feel a sword through her back. The Duke was making mewling, slurping noises. He brought his spare hand up and gripped her other nipple between his thumb and forefinger. "Hmmm...mother..."

Liana grimaced. 

At last, he let go with his mouth and looked up at her with eager eyes. "I'm having all the fun here my dear, why don't you hop off and see if there's something in my breeches for you. Go on, don't be shy."

Liana stood up. In these heeled boots, she towered above the Duke. She took a long look around the room, the guard was by the door; he'd not moved an inch. The fire was crackling in the hearth but to her disappointment, when she looked back, the Duke was still there. He'd slouched back in the chair and pushed his groin forwards for Liana's benefit. Her mind flicked for a second to her mother and brother being sold as slaves and wondered what had become of her father. If she was ever to help them she needed to stay alive and so steeling herself, dropped her knees. 

"That's it, take your time. I'm not going anywhere."

Button by button she undid the opening until she could see the soiled cloth from a pair of long johns. The shape of his stiff cock was clearly visible through the fabric. It was bigger than she had expected for a man of his size but by no means exceptional. At least the long johns had buttons too, which pushed the inevitable back another few moments. 

"That's it, my dear, take some time to unwrap your present."

As she undid the last button the Duke's cock broke free and lolled out in front of her. It was an ugly thing, purple and swollen, stubby and thick. As she stared at it a pearl of gleaming dew oozed from the tip and she averted her eyes. When she looked back she could see telltale scars on the bulging head. Her knowledge of healing suggested he'd contracted a venereal disease in his past - no surprise for a man of his inclinations.

She felt his hands in her hair and with an insistent pressure, he forced her head down. The foul looking member seemed to swell as her head was pushed closer until she had to make a decision. If she didn't open her mouth now it would be clear she had no intention of doing as she was asked - and Carman had told her what happened when you disobeyed. 

Closing her eyes, she parted her lips and took the thing inside her. She could immediately taste the drop of fluid on her tongue. The Duke let out a deep sigh and she felt him push into her. 

"That's it, my dear. Enjoy yourself. Don't worry about me."

Liana hovered there, her mouth still wide open so as little of the thing was touching her as possible. She couldn't prevent it from pressing against her tongue, but again, it dawned on her that this was not the time to disappoint him. A few days of compliance and she was sure she'd be able to find a way out of this hellhole and she'd take Carmen with her. 

Closing her lips around the shaft she began to move her head slowly back and forth. It elicited the expected response - a series of muffled, contented moans. She brought her hand up and wrapped her fingers around the base, pulling it down so skin was stretched taught - another moan. She kept her lips firm so that each time the rim of his head broke free of her mouth it brought another thrill of pleasure. 

"Stop, stop...take them off, take them off." The Duke leapt up, fumbled with his belt and clumsily pulled off his breeches. He quickly peeled off his long johns too revealing a pair of white, spindly legs laced with varicose veins. He dropped back into the chair and resumed his slouched position. "There now. My balls, feel my balls." She could see his groin clearly now. His cock was embedded in a nest of greying pubic hair which spread downwards coating his balls in a thick, wiry forest. 

Liana resumed her position in front of the Duke, the sight of his legs was not helping; it seemed the more of him she saw, the more difficult this became. His cock was still rigid and once more, fortifying her mind, Liana took it into her mouth. This time she began to flick at the end with her tongue - he liked that. Good. The more he enjoyed her, the less likely he was to do something terrible. With her left hand, she cupped his scrotum and with firm but gentle grasp and began to massage. She could feel his body lock up at the sensation. She could taste the droplets of pre-ejaculate leaking from his tip. Using her empty hand she gripped the shaft working it up and down, her mouth sucking and licking at his engorged head. 

His noises intensified, she was sure he was nearly there. She worked harder, willing herself to draw his seed into her mouth. She tightened her grip on his heavy sack, squeezing just enough to bring the right amount of discomfort. Her strokes become faster, his grunts came harder, then his whole body went rigid and he thrust his hips forward forcing his cock into the back of her throat. If she'd not been so quick it would have made her gag but she retained just enough control to move her head back without letting the brimming cock out of her mouth. 

Hot cum sprayed the roof of her mouth, and the Duke's contortions became so intense it was all she could do to keep his semen from spilling from her lips. Another jet burst out washing her tongue with warm salty fluid. The duke was near silent, but Liana could tell he was still in the throws of an orgasm - a croaking whine issued from his lips and Liana felt another wad of cum splash into her mouth. She couldn't easily swallow it with the Duke still in her, but she was sure he was spent. Still gently massaging his length, she drew her head back, closed her aching jaw and swallowed. It was the most repellent experience of her life as she felt the warm liquid slide down her throat but she believed a man like him would love to watch a young woman willingly swallow his seed. The Duke exhaled long and deep before sitting up in his seat. "There's some on your lip," he said leaning forwards and wiping at Liana's mouth with a fingertip before offering it to her. She dutifully licked it off. 

"Hmmm...good girl. Now clean me up would you?"

Liana looked around the room for a handkerchief. "No...with your tongue girl, with your tongue."

She had been a fool to think it was over. Not allowing herself to think, she gripped the softening length in her hand and ran her tongue over it until every last drop was gone. 

"Well done. Very well done in fact. You may leave now. Same time tomorrow?"