 Author's note: I'd like to thank Darkniciad for the comments on how to improve the story and turner28 for taking the time to edit it. 

***

I drift into consciousness and cold metal sends chills all over my naked body; chains bind me. My eyes flicker and through the blur there is nothing. So dark, smells of sawdust and raw meat, when my skin touches the wall, splinters of wood gouge my flesh, lightly. Then the creak of hinges and a dim light gives form to my captor. 

He is a rough looking man wearing a reddish brown fur cap. There's plenty of stubble on his chin and a thin dark mustache under his lip. That laugh he has, so off key, almost juvenile, is he wheezing? No, it's more of a constant squeal and then it breaks up into the deeper rumblings of his more mature chuckle. He grabs my nipples and pinches. I hold back, don't give him any satisfaction.

"Pretty young thing." he says, a raspy whisper. "A real shame."

He grabs my face and laughs loudly and the fluctuations in his voice grow wild. Though his grip on my cheeks is light, I whimper regardless. A bell rings somewhere, I assume in a room above us, and he shoves a gag in my mouth and closes up my wooden prison. His footsteps echo their way up some stairs, then muffled voices, far away, one sounds like a girl, the other two belong to men, one of them my captor's voice. I try to cry out for help but I can only manage an insulated groan. Moments pass, the bell rings again, footsteps downstairs again. I feel the startling sensation of motion and then scream when it stops suddenly and I land on my back in the box, the chains rattling and slapping against my breasts, shivers down my spine. The door to my prison swings opens very quickly and I see my captor's face hovering over me, trying to mimic my muffled cries, laughing all the while.

"Whoa! Miss me darling?" he says. "You know, I've got to admit, seeing you like this, it's tempting to jump in that box and try you out myself."

I squirm and scream, but the futility of it all is overwhelming.

"Don't worry, miss. After seeing that freak have his way with you last night, I'm certain you're far too loose for my taste."

He jams a few fingers in my slit and starts to feel around and prod deeply.

"Oh yes. Your cunt has definitely seen better days. Well, at least I hope it has."

I try to scream as loud as I can and the man only laughs at me, and then he begins to applaud. He pulls the gag from my mouth and puts a finger to my lips.

"Sssssshhh! I could always use your ass if it makes you feel better."

He laughs again, the tone getting wilder by the moment and he jumps up and down to give the occasional crazed yell into the air. I'm screaming for help as loudly as I can while he steps out of my view. Then the cold splash of water washes over my body and I squeal. The water fills the box slightly and chills me to the bone, but it begins to drain slowly. He looks down at me, his eyes wide with a mocking shock and he smirks at me and pulls up a stool nearby to sit beside me. 

"Scream 'til your heart's content, love. Shop's closed now anyway." he says. "So tell me, uh- Lexy, is it?"

"Alexis!"

"Right, right. So uh, I've been wondering, why does the daughter of a nobleman trade in a life of luxury as the wife of one of the wealthiest men in the land to be some pirate whore?"

"I'm not a whore!"

"Not the impression I got last night with- what the giant's name?"

"Mraundek! I didn't have a choice! He's huge-" I whine. "Wh- what did you do with him anyway?"

"Nothing, just gave a little tip to the city guards, they might have taken him to jail or maybe they just killed him where he lay. If he is alive, no doubt he's awaiting execution. Let's see he would have woken up about twelve hours ago, right? Probably pissed. Good thing you're so good at drugging people." he laughs. 

"Wait- you're not thinking that a strong fellow like that might escape and come after you for revenge when he realizes you're the reason he's locked up, do you?" he says.

"It doesn't matter, my Rusty will-"

"Ha! Is that him, Redeye the Ravager, scourge of the seas? Tell me, please, I'm dying to know; why do they call him Redeye? Is it from all the ravaging?" he laughs.

"You don't know him! He's probably on his way right now-"

"After abandoning you at that tavern and leaving you at the mercy of that lunatic? Oh, he sounds like he really cares about your welfare."

"That's what you think! He didn't abandon me. We were just staying there as a diversion so they could continue repairs and then-"

His blade at my neck; I feel like such a fool. The bloodlust in his eyes-

"So this must mean you know where Redeye's ship is?"

I close my eyes, but say nothing. I hope his blade falls quickly. 

"Perk up, I'm not going to kill you precious. Your buyer wants you alive and healthy. But I think your price may have just gone up. So glad we could have this talk."

"Please," I whimper. "Can't we work something out?"

He looks in my eyes, there's something familiar about them, he seems to calm down a bit and then bends down closer to me, I think he means to kiss my lips, and then he stops short.

"Such a sweet look. Tell me, is that the way you looked at your husband before you- you know? I don't think I want to work anything out with you."

He shoves the gag back in my mouth; the door to my box shuts again. I lay in the darkness, wet and cold; the box provides little insulation, impossible to get comfortable. The night is so long. Every time I shift it feels like another splinter pokes me. My breathing is strained but I slowly drift into a more comfortable position. Fortunately my arms are bound in front of me rather than behind my back, but the tension is still to much for me to try to escape. Oh Rusty, how did he find out about me? I can't help but wonder if- yes, that must be it. Never trust a pirate. 

I pass out for a moment, drifting off to my childhood home. Visions of the boy I once knew being flogged by my father's guards. He was just a peasant and I was a foolish girl who dared to kiss him. I could see him thrown into the street later from my bedroom window. Even though he suffered he still came back to try for more. I drift off to the ship, lying on our bed while the ocean starts to rock me briskly. Rusty looks down at me from my side and the rocking grows stronger, my head is jolted upwards but does not seem to land on a pillow.

"I'm sorry for everything." Rusty whispers and then my eyes open.

It feels like the box is moving now, occasionally making a sudden bounce but keeping a constant vibration. Bits of daylight come in through the edges. The sound of wood cracking; the scream of my captor; the box begins to tumble; my body aches with every landing; then a crash; pain; a brief glimpse of light; the loud howling of a beast; I black out.

Something wet and fleshy, touching my face, eyes open to a clearing in the forest and a campfire, so close, sends waves of comforting heat over my naked body. It's nighttime, it smells like an animal nearby, I can feel its body heat it's so close and then it begins licking something else. I fight to get away from it, but my chains hold me to what feels like a tree. My gaze lowers to see the head of a beast crouching down before me and working it's tongue into my vagina, I moan and squeal, louder and louder, feels good but I shake my head in disgust at the same time, then it stops. It rises to a standing position and howls in my face, that awful breath showers me with bits of drool and I scream.

"Rrrrrrr- smell sex." it growls.

The creature looks like a dog but walks upright like a man. It is covered in a very short brown and reddish fur with white stripes around it's stomach, which is dark bare flesh and ripples with muscle, my eyes drift to it's large erect penis and I begin to tremble. I hear a female voice and the creature's ears shoot up.

"Banger, come here!" she says.

It runs over, slouching down to all fours, to a short slender woman with long black hair, wearing a short-sleeved leather tunic and pants that have been torn at the thigh revealing her smooth legs which have a pinkish tan. She begins to pet the creature. 

"Such a good boy." she says.

"Rrrrr- thank you Mistress Selena." it growls.

The creature seems to relish her every touch and my eyes are drawn to a glowing ring on her left hand which grows brighter the closer it gets to the collar around the creature's neck. I notice that both the ring and collar are pulsing with energy in synchronization.

"Isn't he great? So nice to have a male around that does what he's told." she says.

"I've never seen a creature like that."

"Banger? He's a Howler, not from around here, they live in the southern lands, amazing warriors really, savage but honorable. Why, if I didn't have that collar around him, he'd probably tear me to pieces. But with it, he'll do whatever I say, even rip your face off." she says with a wink.

"Please, no!"

"Now why would I want to spoil your pretty face? I'm just saying it's an option."

"Why do I keep getting captured by lunatics?"

"You mean like Bertie? He's been a very bad boy." she laughs. "Bit of a shock to find that he had a woman locked in that box. Didn't think Bertie was into that kind of thing. Then again, that must mean you're especially valuable. Too bad he's not here to tell us what he planned to do with you."

"Please tell me he's dead."

"Doubtful, my men have been looking for him all day. You know, he's a lot faster than he looks."

"Listen, you should release me- for your own safety! There are dangerous people looking for me-"

She begins to laugh at me very loud; the maniacal look in her eyes; her haughty demeanor; her short luscious body, at least a head shorter than me; her medium-length wavy black hair flows with grace in the light breeze; older than me but I can't determine how much. Selena, the creature said. I've heard the name before, a bandit perhaps? No, Selena was-

She strikes my face but not hard. Our eyes lock and her hand trails lightly down my flat stomach, flowing downward toward my clit; so exposed, so helpless. She begins to rub it. I fight to remain in control but her fingertips, so soft, so experienced and she begins to suck my nipple which starts to get hard in her mouth, she starts licking my face, and then stops to whisper in my ear.

"Mmmmm. You do smell like sex. Do you like that little whore? Does the touch of another woman make you hot? Sometimes I like to put on a show, to keep all these horny men happy. Maybe tonight you can play with me."

I feel a little dizzy and a knot builds in the pit of my stomach.

"Selena!" shouts a man from the woods. 

The woman turns to face a small party of lightly armed men. Most of them look exhausted except for the man doing all of the talking who only has a solemn stare to offer. 

"Where's the butcher?" she says.

"Probably dead." the man says.

"Probably? You dare return without his head!"

"It couldn't be retrieved-"

"What?!" she shouts.

"He fell off a fucking cliff! We all saw it."

"Yeah!" the men behind him shout in unison.

"And where did he land?" she says.

"Well we didn't actually see him land-" he says.

"Or the falling part." another man says.

The man turns back to give him a fierce glare, then turns back toward a very angry Selena.

"We did see him go over."

Selena sighs deeply, and then a smile crosses her lips.

"Perhaps, but I think we'll find Bertie later."

They walk closer to my position.

"I was going to ask if you wanted to play with our new prisoner but you boys look so tired, you couldn't possibly still be interested." she says.

At this the men begin to look a bit more lively, and the knot at the pit of my stomach resurfaces. The six men surround me, they stare at my naked body without blinking and one of the fellows even begins to drool and I can see the erection rising in his pants. The woman, Selena, begins to laugh.

"Do we get to touch?" one of the men says.

So dizzy when one of the men puts his hands on my breasts, and Selena barks some instructions about what the men are to do with me. They remove my chains and bind my hands behind my back, and then they carry me over to a bedroll which doesn't look particularly clean and throw me down.

"Doesn't she have a pretty little ass boys?" Selena laughs.

The men shout and cheer and several of them begin to fondle my breasts and ass and one of them even buries his face in my ass and sticks his tongue into my asshole and I start to squirm when he sticks his fingers into my pussy.

He lifts his face from my ass and shouts, "I fucking love this ass."

His tongue prods deeply into my asshole and his fingers slide back in forth in my pussy and just when the sensation of all of these horny men putting their hands all over me starts to feel comfortable Selena shouts at them

"That's enough boys! It's time for the real show. Clear away from her."

I'm left alone; face down, ass up, my hands tied behind my back when I feel Selena's hand on my ass. Then she begins to kiss it and the men cheer around us. She grabs my hair and pulls me up to look me in the face.

"Mmmm. I bet your ass looks so good when it's red."

She spanks me firmly; over and over, I scream; she just laughs at me, then tugs on my hair and nibbles one of my nipples. She spanks me again, just enough for a crisp clap against my ass. I almost tear up, but she stops and whistles.

"Banger, come here!"

The howler approaches us with a low growl. His tongue, sticks out and his breathing accelerates as he gets closer. 

"Well don't just stand there, give the pretty lady a kiss." Selena says.

He licks my face and the disgusting taste of his dog drool seeps into my mouth and I spit and groan. The men laugh and cheer like fools and I squeal while the beast's tongue swabs my face.

"Good boy," she whispers.

"Rrrrrrrr- thank you Mistress." it says.

Selena pulls my hair back and pushes me up onto my knees. She grabs the creature's large erect penis and it stands upright and she pushes my face towards it.

"No, please!" I moan.

"Now isn't that rude? Look how excited Banger is for you."

She gets close to my face and starts kissing it while she pushes my head closer. My lips are moved only an inch away from the tip of the howler's dick. It's a reddish color but looks mostly like a human penis and, thankfully, isn't covered in hair, but I still cringe. I turn my head away and she kisses my lips over and over and for some reason I start to kiss her back. She stops and smiles at me.

"Come on sweetie, my baby wants his dick sucked."

"Oh no," I whimper.

She rubs my clit lightly and kisses me again and another hand lightly pinches my breast while her tongue goes into my mouth. Her lips move to my neck and her fingers go in my pussy, so good.

"It won't be that bad. He's a really good boy." she says.

"O- okay." I whimper.

The men shout in unison when the tip of the howler's dick enters my mouth. I begin to tremble but Selena holds me up while the creature slides the tip and shaft down my tongue. It remains gentle, mostly, only hitting the back of my throat once. Selena kisses my cheek while the dick runs down my tongue. It pulls out and my lips meet with Selena's again. She pulls away from me, laughing.

"She really loves the taste of doggy dick!" She shouts to the men.

They all begin to laugh and I feel so strange- she slaps my ass and pushes my face back down on the bedroll.

"Take her from behind boy." she whispers.

"Rrrrrr- yes Mistress."

I start to protest and then I feel my head being lifted and then pushed down into Selena's vagina. She strokes my hair and shouts for me to please her and I begin to lick. Then I feel the dick sliding into my pussy from behind, a slow almost rhythmic thrust at first but it gets faster and I can hear the creature growling more deeply, almost guttural sounds. I moan softly when the pleasure starts to take me and Selena pushes my face harder against her pussy.

"Fuck her harder!" she shouts.

The men all cheer and the thrusts grow stronger. I remember the way Mraundek took me a few nights ago; he seems slightly gentler in comparison. I can feel its body slapping against my ass as each thrust is driven and I moan very loudly. The creature starts growling louder with every thrust and then pulls out at the last minute and I feel his seed spray down my back. I gasp then I feel Selena's juices trickle onto my tongue and she moans loud. 

She pauses and releases my head. In a fast movement she leaps to her feet. I roll over onto my back, my vagina throbbing and I see an arm go around her and a blade touch her throat.

"Call off your doggy." he says, his voice all too familiar. 

I try to struggle to my feet but only manage to get to my knees. I see the dead bodies of the men that had been watching around the fire. I never even noticed that they had stopped cheering.

"Rrrrrrrrrr- unhand Mistress." Banger growls.

"I don't think so." he says.

Selena squirms in his grasp and I see his grip tighten.

"One more move and I cut your fucking throat Selena." he shouts.

The howler growls fiercely and shows his teeth. Then I see Selena strike the man with an elbow to the face and he grunts and releases her but manages to get a grip on her hand. Banger begins to charge and then stops suddenly. He turns toward Selena and her eyes grow wide.

"My ring!" she shouts.

"You mean this ring?" he laughs. "Is this how you control him? As your new master I hereby release you. Remove your collar."

Banger reaches up and rips the collar from his neck.

"Rrrrrrr- at last!" he growls.

He makes a dash toward Selena who rolls out of the way right before the collision and then she runs screaming into the forest, wearing no pants. The howler collides with a tree but recovers and starts to chase after her.

"Rrrrrr- thank you." it says to the man, and then it turns to continue the chase.

"How could I resist?" he laughs.

I look at him and start to cry all over again. He gives me a very serious look and sighs.

"Sorry about that." he mutters. "I'll get you cleaned up before we go."

***

In the morning I awaken on a bedroll in a tent, wearing a pair of Selena's clothing that my captor had managed to find. It's a little small for me and doesn't cover my stomach but it's better than what I've been wearing for the past few days. Then my chains are replaced and I give him a miserable look. 

"Time to get back in the box." he says.

The trip is long but the ride is better now that splinters aren't gouging my skin. Eventually I start to hear the hooves striking a street and the sounds of the city all around. When the wagon comes to a stop, my fear begins to grow once more. 

The sounds around me begin to die down and I begin to hear distinct voices. One of them sounds all too familiar and I start to panic. I feel my box begin to move and then land softly on a solid floor. The box opens and I see two faces that I never wanted to see again, that of my captor and who I assume is my buyer, Fenton Harvelle.

"Bertrand, this is outstanding!"

"Yes, sorry about the delay, ran into a bit of trouble. But here is your package as promised. Oh yes, and I have some additional news that might be of value."

He leans close to whisper in Fenton's ear and his eyes grow wide and his smile gets bigger.

"Of course, see my associate for your adjusted fee."

"Very well, I'll just let you two catch up then."

Fenton's eyes close and he whispers something under his breath and then they open and he smiles at me.

"Hello Alexis. How long has it been, five years? Everyone said you were dead, along with my boy, but I found out the truth." he says.

He touches my face and stares at me for a few moments then he rips the gag away from my mouth. His hand goes to my throat and he chokes me for several moments and then releases. I gasp for breath and whine.
