 They came to a stop after three days of travel. It had been a horrendous journey. Liana, her mother and brother had been forced into a cramped, horse-drawn cage along with another dozen or so villagers - mostly women. It had rained for two of the days and the cage had no solid roof. The karrakesh had thrown the prisoners food scraps and half-chewed bones but few had been desperate enough to eat them. The villagers had huddled up for warmth but even so, many were showing signs of pneumonia and had hacking coughs and permanent shivers. 

The karrakesh warriors marched alongside the wagons, their powerful builds and incredible stamina allowing them to continue through the night without rest. Three of them had oversized horses - massive beasts with wild eyes and bulging flanks. Even in this miserable cell, Liana couldn't help thinking of Kurn and whether she would ever see him again. In the freezing wind with nothing but dying brushland in every direction, it gave her comfort to remember what it felt like to have him filling her completely. 

They had passed out of kingdom territory long ago and had given up hope that the king's knights might catch up and free them. Whispers between some of the more worldly prisoners suggested they were heading towards Ereban - The Bleak City or perhaps to the slave markets at Hatok-Khul. Ereban was rumoured to be a miserable place ruled over by a corrupt lord who had risen to power by deals with a dark being. Liana had really just thought it all to be myths and stories but looking at the grey, rotting landscape around her, she was no longer so sure. 

Two karrakesh warriors opened the cage gate, savage axes in their hands. One pointed at Liana, "You. Out. Now."

"No," cried her mother, "take me. Spare her."

"Get out now," snarled the towering brute, "we're taking this one to the city. The rest of you are going on to Hatok-Khul."

"No please," begged Karin, "take all three of us, we're a family. We'll comply, I promise."

"The boss don't want old women and scrawny boys." The karrakesh grabbed the nearest girl's head in his massive hand. "Get out now or I'll slit this bitch's throat."

Liana turned to hug her mother and brother and squeezed them tightly. "Don't worry about me, I'll be fine. I'll come and find you."

Karin's eyes began to tear and Silus just stared, he wished he had the skill and power to defend family but if he tried, he knew he'd be cut down in an instant. 

As Liana reached the cage door, the nearest karrakesh grabbed her and roughly slung her over his shoulder. Another set to work tying her wrists and ankles before they slung her over the back of a horse like a sack of grain. 

As the cage slowly pulled away, Karin and Silus could only watch as the rider galloped off down a muddy track towards the city of Ereban. 

***

The ride took over two jarring hours. Several times Liana considered dropping herself off the back of the horse but she would likely injure herself and the bindings were so tight she'd stand no chance of escape. Liana's view was restricted to the ground flying past and a mass of horse flank so it came as a relief, albeit short-lived, when they came to stop. 

"Open the gate." bellowed the rider. 

"Opening the gate."

A deep grinding came from somewhere ahead. In a few moments, it stopped and the rider passed through and into the city. Liana struggled to see where she was but all she could make out were muddy tracks and the brickwork of dark, filthy buildings. It had started to rain again and the horse's hooves splashed through the puddles. The rider continued on, down side streets and under arches until it stopped outside what must be the final destination. A voice, not rough enough to be karrakesh spoke. "What is your business?"

"I have a human woman for the Duke."

"I see, is he expecting you."

"Tell him it's Moroch, he'll see me."

"As you wish."

Liana heard the sound of a door open and close. After what must have been fifteen minutes in the rain the door opened again. He will see you. Stable your horse out the back and use the servant's entrance. He will meet you in the library."

The karrakesh dismounted and led the horse around the side of the building where he hauled Liana onto his shoulder before handing the horse it off to a stable boy. Liana was too weak to struggle, she'd not eaten for so long it was a struggle to stay conscious. 

She was carried through a doorway and down a torchlit stone corridor. Tapestries lined the walls and there was a smell of rich food cooking. The karrakesh stopped and knocked on a wooden door. 

"Enter."

The door opened and they entered. Liana could see she was in a richly appointed room, shelves of books lined every wall and thick rugs carpeted the floor. There were several candles in sconces giving a warm, inviting light and an earthy aroma of old paper and burning wax. 

"Well, what have we here? Moroch and the Angel?"

Liana couldn't see who was talking.

"You'll like this one. Very good. Best human in years."

"Really?" the voice was nasal with a hint of a sneer to it. 

She heard someone rise from his chair and walk across the rug. A hand touched her face. It gripped her jaw firmly lifted it. Her eyes met his. He was short and rotund, his face swollen and red, marred with blemishes and broken blood vessels from years of overindulgence. What remained of his hair was stuck to his liver-spotted scalp and his eyes were small and encircled with red, swollen skin. 

"Ugh, she's filthy, though you're right. I can see the potential."

He reached out, took a small bell from a side table and rang it three times. Almost immediately a woman entered - dark red hair with an in an ivory damask dress. 

"Carmen, kindly wash our guest and find her some appropriate attire. Something from the 'special' cabinet I think."

"Yes, m'lord."

Moroch slid Liana off his shoulder into a standing position though she was unable to stay upright for long. The red-haired woman wrapped an arm around her waist for support and led her out of the room."

****

"My name is Carmen," said the girl pouring another jug of steaming water into the stone bathtub. Liana had collapsed into a chair in the corner of the washroom and was devouring a plate of fruit she'd been offered. 

"Liana." she said between mouthfuls, "What's going to happen to me?"

"Just eat and drink. Focus on getting your strength back. There, I think that's enough water."

Liana washed down a mouthful of dates with some water and looked around the room. Stone walls painted white, a mosaic tiled floor with a round stone bath in the centre, easily large enough for four people. Pictures of idyllic rural scenes decorated the walls and the ceiling was domed and painted to look like a blue summer sky.

"Who was that man downstairs?"

"Worry about that later. Here let me help you with your dress."

She placed the jug down and knelt before Liana. Shining crimson hair spilt down over her shoulders down to her chest. She placed a gentle hand on Liana's chin, bringing her face up until their eyes met. Carmen's smooth skin had seen long, sunny days and was the colour of summer wheat. Her eyes glittered sea blue against the dark reds of her hair and for the first time, Liana noticed how beautiful she was. She guessed Carmen was a few years older than her but that only seemed to add to her grace. She felt delicate fingers undoing the ties on her skirt and lifted her hips to allow it to be pulled off. Liana had discarded her underwear after the second day in the cage and she could see Carmen was no longer looking her in the eye. She placed her hands on Liana's knees and gently pulled them open. 

Liana snapped her legs back together. "No, I'm sorry, I'm not like that."

Carmen didn't flinch, she just looked up at Liana's muddied face. "That's okay. There's plenty of time. But I do have orders to wash you so if you'll please stand, I can help you with the rest of your clothes. 

Liana stood and Carmen rose to meet her. She untied the lacing of her top and loosened it enough that it could be pulled over her head. As it came to free Liana's full, rounded breasts, which had been pulled up by the top, fell back into place. Carmen watched and smiled. "The Duke will like you. Please, get in the bath."

Liana, still weary and caked with ingrained dirt and encrusted mud did as she was told. She placed a slender foot into the hot water which had been scented with rose oil. It was perfect; Carmen must have done this before. She stepped the other foot in and slowly sank into the steaming water, relishing its warmth against her aching muscles. She heard the sound of cloth dropping and looked around to see Carmen's dress in a circle around her feet. She was naked and her long red hair fell across her shoulders and over her chest. Taking a piece of soap from a shelf, she stepped into the water and sat down next to Liana, exhaling a long slow breath as she acclimatised to the hot water. 

Liana had not known a woman before. She was not really interested to be honest, but seeing Carmen naked for the first time had sparked something inside her. She didn't know what. What she had always craved was someone who could completely fill her and she'd no idea how another woman could possibly fulfil that role. She'd been with a man from the village once; one of the supposedly handsome ones. He had given her too much wine and she'd let me enter her but it had given very little pleasure. She had enjoyed watching him climax and the sight of his seed dripping from her was something she'd never forget but it was not until she had encountered Kurn in the woods that she had known true satisfaction. She'd often wondered if there was something wrong with her but after seeing her mothers face that night when the karrakesh had forced his way into her, she was beginning to think that it was something all women enjoyed, or at least the ones in her family. 

"Would you slide forwards a little please," asked Carmen, "this is easier if I sit behind you?"

"I can wash myself. I've done this before."

"I'm sorry, the Duke requested I clean you. The first rule is to never disobey the Duke. You will come to learn that."

Liana said nothing and pushed herself forwards. She felt Carmen's leg slide around her back and could feel nipples brushing her back. Despite herself, Liana's heart was beating quicker and she could feel a warmth rising through her body. Carmen reached out and took a clay jug from the edge of the bath, submerged it in the hot water and then slowly poured it down the back of Liana's head, soaking her hair. She did this twice more until all her hair was wet and then worked a little soap in until it foamed. 

Liana was breathing more deeply now, the feel of a woman's hands on her was shifting each second from being alien and unwelcome to acceptable and even desirable. Carmen washed the lather out with more water. 

"There we are. You have beautiful hair. I have a range of scents and oils you are welcome to make use of. The Duke likes us to smell nice."

"The Duke wants to sleep with me I assume?" 

"Among other things, but let's not worry about that now. Things will play out as they will. Let's enjoy this time together."

Carmen put the jug down and wrapped her hands around Liana's waist, pulling her backward until she rested against Carmen's body. "Just relax."

Carmen's hands moved upwards until one was on each breast. As she slowly massaged the soap began to lather, it was smooth and warm and Liana's nipples responded, becoming firm and sensitive. Her breath quickened and Carmen placed her lips on Liana's neck, laying delicate kisses along her shoulder and cheek until she reached her ear, which she took between her teeth and gently bit. Liana let out a sharp breath. Carmen slowly slid her left hand down into the water, across Liana's stomach and tentatively reached between her legs. Her thighs were pressed together. It didn't take much exploring to convince Liana to open herself up. 

Carmen's touch was so delicate, so different. A soft stroking. The very opposite of Kurn and his bestial rutting. He was a selfish animal who sought only to empty himself into the next female. This women, this beautiful young creature wanted to give pleasure. It was likely she was enjoying herself too but it somehow felt like a mutual exchange, as though they might both be invested in each other's experience. As Carmen's finger slid lower and eased its way inside, something switched in Liana's head, something was happening she had never felt before, a feeling a connection that was beyond simple animalistic intercourse. Taking hold of Carmen's hand, she turned around in the water so they were face to face and stared deeply into her ocean-blue eyes. Then placing her free hand around the back of Carmen's head, she pulled her towards her and kissed her. 

Carmen opened her mouth to let Liana's tongue inside. Their bodies moved closer, wet hair intertwining and breast pressed together. Liana reached under the water and finding Carmen's legs open, placed two fingers against her, moving them in small, firm circles. 

Although she didn't see it happen, she felt Carmen once more slide inside her, reaching her finger up and forwards until she found what she was looking for. Liana inhaled and searched deeper with her tongue, licking at the other girl with strong, desperate movements. She couldn't comprehend what was happening, she had truly believed that only one like Kurn could ever complete her, but here she was. What was inside her was smaller than even a normal man, and she was in rapture. Each movement of Carmen's fingers brought spasms of euphoria. The feel of their bodies pressed together was exquisite, she had no idea what the Duke would demand of her but as long as she could be with Carmen - anything was worth it.