 That night, back in the cottage, Liana let the hot water ease away the day's aches and pains. Although she was tired from walking, that wasn't anything unusual; the deep burning between her legs and up into her body, that was a different matter. She knew it wasn't good for her, after the first time she'd tentatively agreed to let Kurn take her, she had suffered for weeks. It was only her skills as a herbalist allowed her to brew a tea that had brought peace to her insides. After much research and experimentation, she had even managed to create a cream which restored her opening the state it was before she had even fully known a man. It was a mixed blessing. Of course, she loved to be pristine and it meant that anything inside her gave even more intense pleasure than it should but it meant she continued to pursue Kurn in the knowledge she would be able to heal any ill the beast should bring upon her during its primal rutting. She applied a little of the cream to her finger and lifting her hips out of the bath water ran a finger along her red, swollen lips. Almost before her eyes, the angry colour lessened and she could feel the pain subsiding. But even that brought with it a sadness. The pain was part of the pleasure, the feeling of being forced open was unlike anything else, without it the act did little for her. It was enjoyable, but orgasms never came. 

"What are you doing?"

Liana gasped and looked around to see her brother, Silus, standing in the doorway of her room. He was not yet a full man in the eyes of the village. She dropped her hips back into the water with a splash and grabbed a towel to cover his breasts. 

"What the hell are you doing? Get out!"

"Dinner's ready. Mother said to come and tell you."

"You could have knocked."

Silus grinned, "Yeah, I could 'ave. But then I wouldn't have seen that would I?"

Liana scowled.

"Get out you little shit, I'm on my way."

Silus lingered a moment, taking in what parts of his sister were above the water, then grinned again and left, closing the door behind him. Liana stood up in the metal tub, towelled herself down and before dressing, applied a little more of the cream to herself. It was soothing, but as the pain ebbed, all she could think of was what excuse she could use to spend the day in the forest again.

Dinner was a simple affair, vegetable stew with fresh bread, but it tasted good after such a tiring day. Silus ate like a horse, which made Liana smile. Her father, Therin, sat at the head of the table, a solid dependable man with the first flecks of grey appearing in his thick dark hair. He was a handsome man and had had his pick of women. It was no surprise that he'd chosen a beauty like Karin - Liana's mother - and even less surprising that they'd given birth to such as beautiful daughter. How they'd created such as little brat as Silus was a mystery, though to be fair to the boy, he was filling out in the shoulders and would probably have the same good looks as his father when he came of age. 

Therin swallows a spoonful of stew and holding his spoon out addressed Liana. "You know my girl, much as I love you, it's not right for me to go on supporting you. There are least a dozen men who are suitable for you and coming from me, that's saying something. I know you help around the house and so on, but it's just not right."

Liana placed her spoon on the wooden plate. "I don't care for them, father."

"But they will care for you, and that's the point. There are traditions to follow, and much as it pains me, I am giving you a week to get yourself sorted out. Go around the village, chat with them, you never know. I'll say no more about it until seven days time."

Liana nodded, rose from the table and retired to her room. 

That night she dreamt of Kurn, of the moss gripped between her fingers. Then of her brother watching her, his trousers open, cock upright and hard. She imagine the men of the village, eager and waiting, drooling with lust. She woke with a start to screaming and shouting outside. Orange light flickered outside her window. She knelt up and carefully stole a glance outside. It was dark but fires were blazing and huge muscled in ragged skins were storming through the village, hacking at the townsfolk and hurling flaming torches into buildings. 

Her door burst open and her father stood there with a sword in one hand. Sweat shone on his brow and his face was etched with an expression of panic. "Liana, it the karrakesh, they've come for us. Hide, anywhere, I'll hold them off as long as I can but, I...we can't stop them...just hide... Therin turned and ran, slamming Liana's door behind him. 

Liana dragged on her skirt and pulled on a roughspun top. She looked around the room. All she could see was a small clothes chest. She looked under the bed - there wasn't enough space for her. She heart clattering outside her door and a thump as though a table had been upended. Then she saw the window - it was small but she thought she might just get through. She had her head and shoulders through when the door behind her banged open and a voice called to her. "Where do you think you're going, bitch?"

A strong hand grabbed her by the ankle and hauled her back into the room. She crashed onto the bed, bashing her head on the wall. Above her towered a great beastial human, hairless shining flesh the colour of granite. It was taller than a man and thick with hard, slabs of muscle. It wore a heavy leather loincloth that reached down to its thighs and it its other hand it carried a spitting torch. 

"What a fuckin' prize you are." it snarled revealing a mouth filled with sharpened teeth. 

"Please...please leave me alone..."

The karrakesh released its grip on Liana's foot and instead grabbed her by the throat forcing her onto the bed. She struggled but there was nothing she could do against its power. Its breath was foul and she could smell the sweaty and soot on its body.

"If you stop struggling and behave, I won't snap your neck."

Despite her instincts, Liana tried to stop fighting. The creature reached a large, filthy hand down and pulled her skirt aside. She could feel it's hot skin against her inside thigh as it searched for her opening. She grunted as she felt a thick, clawed finger rub against the wetness of her lips and push inside. She closed her eyes and tried to think of something else but the thing's fetid breath dragged her back to the reality of the moment. The finger was working away at her and she could feel the claw scratching. It went in deeper and then partially came out only to be joined by a second. If she'd not been with Kurn earlier it would have been too painful but she could bear it for now. 

"What the fuck are you doing?" called another karrakesh voice from the doorway, we're not supposed to be screwing the good ones. They're for the boss."

The clawed fingers pulled out and Liana winced. 

"I was just checking the goods."

"Bring her out here."

Liana was dragged to her feet and pushed into the main room. Her father was on the floor, she'd no idea if he was dead of unconscious but the lack of blood gave her hope. Silus was against the walls having his hands tied behind his back and her mother was sat at the table sobbing into her hands. Two more huge karrakesh warriors stood in the room, heads brushing the ceiling. Two of them conferred in guttural, harsh words before the largest one grabbed Liana's mother by the hair and roughly yanked her forwards so she was bent over, chest flat on the table. 

"This one's for us, that one," he pointed at Liana, "is for the boss."

The karrakesh who seemed to be in charge moved into position behind the woman and ripped her skirt down. Using his feet he kicked her legs apart and using a powerful hand, tore her cloth from her loins. Liana went to turn her head but at the last minute, her mother's eyes connected with her's. "Watch this Liana, this is what happens. Burn this moment into your mind and never allow yourself to become weak."

The karrakesh pulled its great dark cock free, it was hard and shining, bigger than any man's could have been using both hands he pulled Karin's cheeks apart exposing both of her holes."

The monster laughed and ran a finger over both. "Choices, choices."

He spat a wad of saliva onto Karin's asshole and rubbed it in with a thumb, then taking his huge cock in his hand began to feed into her.

Karin let out a muffled cry, she seemed determined to show no weakness and but as the thick shaft inched it was in, Liana could see the pain written on her face. Karin's hands gripped the edge of the table, knuckles paling with the exertion. When the karrakesh was fully inside, he let out a deep sigh of satisfaction and looked around the room smiling. "The gods made humans so small as a gift to the karrakesh."

As he began to move in and out Karin's was able to relax her muscles slightly which lessened the pain. She could feel the creatures strong hands on her hips and it's swollen end, pushing the flesh deep inside her. Liana stared in disbelief as she saw her mother's expression shift, just a little, from anger and pain to a hint of acceptance and then into what could almost be seen as pleasure. 

Karin let out a sound but it was more like a moan of satisfaction than one of suffering. The creatures thick, savage cock was inside her, stretching her, punishing her, but she'd never felt such intense pleasure, the ring of pain just amplified the sensation and she let go of the table, her eyes rolling back, mouth agape, mewling sounds of ecstasy escaping from her mouth. 

With every thrust, Karin's arse shuddered and her body tingled as the karrakesh's balls slammed against her lips.

Liana looked on at her groaning mother, delirious with pleasure as the seven brute began to shorten his strokes, building up to moment. Was it wrong that Liana was starting to feel a pang of jealousy? Was it wrong the scene in front of her was making her loins ache. The dark monster began to breathe hard, snorting and gasping, its powerful muscles driving its unyielding length deeper and deeper into Karin's body. Each thrust brought a cry of elation from Karin, a raw cry of release that said she had never felt so...free. When the moment came the creature went silent, it muscles bunching as it strained to force its alien load as far into Karin as it could. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, it pulled out it's glistening, wet shaft which was followed by a thick rivulet of warm, milky fluid that dripped downward, settling on Karin's untouched slit.

Karin's eyes slowly opened, her face was calm. She looked her daughter in the eye with an expression that suggested she was exhausted, defeated by totally satiated for the first time in her life. The karrakesh pushed his softening cock back into place and headed outside, ducking under the doorway as he left. The next one stepped up, unfolding a cock that once again, looked more like a leathery black serpent than a body part. 

Liana stepped forward. "No please, spare her. Use me."

"You're both spared for now," said deep, rough voice from the outside the door. Scouts say there are knights on the way. Seems they've seen the fires and are coming to see what's going on. "Grab the women and boy and let's move out."