 This is an explicit tale featuring a broad spectrum of sexual experiences. If you are at all sensitive please leave now. :)

*****

"Liana, I need fresh tilweed, this stuff is useless. Would you be a sweetheart and get me some more when you're in the woods next?"

Liana placed the herbalism book back on the shelf and rose from the chair. She was a young woman, her Branching Day was fast approaching where she would be expected to leave her parent's house and start a home of her own. Typically a girl, or perhaps woman was becoming a more suitable word, would have found a partner by now. She would not be married of course, not while she still lived at home, but her future would be planned. She'd have picked out a plot of land and her husband-to-be would be getting a group together to start the construction of a house. Liana was not typical though. Her spirit was too capricious to even consider the idea of settling down, and to be honest, though she would not tell her mother such a thing, the thought of being with just one man for the rest of her life, was utterly soul-crushing.

She had her pick of suitors of course. She was easily the most beautiful woman in the village, perhaps even the kingdom. Her long dark hair framed a classically pale face set with dark, smouldering eyes that fostered a playful but wicked gleam. She was taller than most of the girls and had the full chest and slim waist that made men stare slack-jawed whenever they got the chance. Today she wore a full, dark skirt and her white bodice laced up tightly across her chest. She knew very well that this look drew even more attention than normal but she enjoyed teasing and well, she figured that it would help weed out the gentlemen from the perverts.

Liana picked up a few tilweed leaves in her hand and rubbed them between her fingers. "You're right mother, these are no good. I'll get some more immediately."

"There's no hurry darling." said her mother looking up from the table where she was crushing seeds with a pestle and mortar. Anytime in the next few days is fine."

"Oh no, it's no trouble."

Liana opened the front door of the one storey wooden house and stepped out into another glorious summer day. The midday sun had burned away the clouds leaving a clear blue sky and the warmth felt good on her skin. The trip to the forest was quite an undertaking, it was almost two hours walk each way and finding decent tilweed could take another hour or two. Liana was not daunted, far from it, she was excited, already tingles rose from her stomach at the thought of what, aside from picking tilweed, she was going to do when she got there.

"Morning Liana," said Eldon, the farrier's son. He was carrying a crate on one shoulder.

"Good morning Eldon," replied Liana smiling. She cast a look around the village. It was made up of around fifty small wooden houses, an inn, a few communal buildings and several outlying farms. It had been the only place she'd ever know and she loved it, but by the gods, it was boring. Nothing ever happened, the people were nice, they seemed to love the predictability and safety that such as life afforded, but if didn't fancy working with plants, animals, metal stone or wood, your options in life were zero.

"You got anything planned for today?" asked Eldon

"I'm going to get tilweed for mother, I'll be gone most of the day."

"Fancy some company?" asked Eldon, hefting the crate onto the other shoulder.

"No thank you. It's kind of your to offer but I prefer to walk alone."

"No problem. Will you be at the Sheaf tonight? I hear they've some crackin' mead in from the city."

"That sounds good. Perhaps I'll see you there."

"Alright, go careful now."

Liana smiled. After Eldon had disappeared she returned inside for a moment to get her bag, a simpl cloth affair with a water bottle and various jars for herb collection, slung it over her shoulder and took the northern track leading out of the town. As she settled into an easy pace, her mind once more turned to what was waiting in the woods and her stomach did a small somersault in anticipation.

***

Liana had been walking for over two hours now and had just left the main trail to head into the forest. The sunlight still broke through the trees but the leafy canopy caused it to be dappled and tinged with green. It was still wild and dangerous out here if you didn't know what you were doing but Liana had spent countless hours out here with her mother and father, collecting herbs and getting familiar with the ways of the woods. Few people came out this far, there was little need - they had everything they needed within a few miles of the village. She stopped by a small, tumbling stream and stooped to refill her water bottle. As she did so she heard a rustle and the snap of a twig. Spinning around she staggered backwards, dropped her water bottle and almost fell into the stream. Emerging from the dense undergrowth was a great beast - four powerful legs supported a great horse-like body coated in shining black fur but where it's head should have been was a man's torso. The centaur's scared face was locked in a hungry snarl and it's thick muscled arms held a pair of short, brutal looking axes. Long tangled brown hair hung down its back and as it spat out some cruel words in its hissing tongue, it reared up on its hind legs, clawing it the air with its hooves.

Liana couldn't step back, the opposite side of the bank was too steep, she'd be trapped, but she couldn't go forwards. To her left she could make out a low limbed tree, perhaps if she could get to that she could climb up and be safe, at least for a while. She made a break for it but the beast was upon her, it had dropped one of its axes and with a huge, calloused hand grabbed her hair and yanked her backwards.

She turned her head to regards the creature who was looming several feet over her. "Okay, Kurn, you got me again."

The centaur looked down at her, it's hideous expression replaced with a wry smile. "You're so easy to track. Have you considered taking a little more care when moving about the forest?"

Liana smoothed her hair back into place and picked up her water bottle."

"If I took more care," she said "then you might not have found me and then where would I be? Alone in the woods looking for tilweed and that doesn't sound much fun, does it?"

The centaur rubbed his hands over his face dislodging the clumps of dark mud he's smeared there, revealing a strong, broad face with deep-set, jade eyes.

"No, indeed it does not." He reached down and ran the back of his hand over her cheek. "It's been a long time since you last visited me. I thought perhaps you'd grown tired of me."

Liana laid her palm on the heavily muscled flank, slowly walking around Kurn as though she was inspecting a new stud animal for her father's farm.

"Oh no, I could never get bored of you. Things have been a little difficult of recent." she pulled a few of the brambles from Kurn's hair, they had done their job - indeed, he'd looked terrifying - if she hadn't known better she might have passed out the spot when he came bursting out of the brush. "Mother and father want me to find a man, settle down and have children. They say that all the time I spend alone makes men suspicious. Apparently, some of them think I'm a witch."

She could see Kurn was responding to her touch. Between his hind legs, a change was stirring. 

"You are gifted with the looks of a sorceress, I'll grant you that. I don't think I've ever seen a human as beautiful as you without some form of magic involved.

Liana smoothed Kurn's tail with one hand and reached between his legs. There she felt his great length hanging down, now almost completely hard.

"You're too kind. I'll warrant you've not met many elven women then?"

Kurn's voice caught a little as Liana squeezed. Her hand was too small to go all the way around but what she was doing was working."

"I've met plenty of elven women, they are indeed beautiful to behold but few of them have your..." he swallowed hard, "ahem...natural assets."

"Ah, I see. You like your girls well endowed. Well, I can appreciate that, I'm the same with my men."

Liana dropped to her knees and laying both hands on the centaurs cock pulled it towards her lips. It was too big to take fully into her mouth so she began licking the tip, running her tongue along the sides and over the ridges. She could hear stilted breaths coming above her and feel the blood pulsing through the centaurs manhood.

"I love your huge cock," she said feeling its weight in her hands. It was easily as long as her arm and maybe a little thicker than her balled fist. She ran her tongue up and down its entire length, occasionally stopping to gently bite.

"You're very hard today. Have you been abstaining?"

"It's not for want of trying, something..." his voice caught again as Liana dug her teeth in. "...ah...easy human, I'm not for eating."

"Pussy."

"...most of my enemies don't bite my cock. Anyway, yes, as I was saying, something is going on, many of the sentient creatures have left the forest recently. Just up and left. I've yet to find out whyyy...ow...right, that's it human...on your knees, I had enough of you. It's time to teach you some manners."

Liana laughed and released the centaurs cock which lolled like a muscular black arm between its legs. "Where do you want me?"

The beast pointed to large flat stone with a thick layer of moss covering it. "Over there, on that rock."

Liana walked to the rock obediently. She undid the ties on her skirt and let it drop to the ground revealing long, pale legs. "Should I keep my boots on?"

"Of course."

She turned and climbed onto the rock. The moss was soft beneath her feet and as she lowered herself to her hands and knees, she realised this rock was the perfect height. It made her wonder if Kurn had used this place before for the exact same purpose.

As she positioned herself, she could feel the cool forest air against her wet lips. She felt like she was some kind of object on display, raised up on a pedestal for all to admire. She liked it and on this occasion knew it to be true. Her insides were tense with anticipation. She was trembling slightly and between her legs were aching. She wanted to look around but at the same time, the unknown was making the moment unbearably exciting.

She heard the centaur's hooves on the ground, a slow thud and as the sound drew closer, she could feel the wetness spreading out, readying her for what was to come. She felt the air change as the creature drew nearer, a strong animal scent like forest earth and musk. A hoof stepped up onto the rock followed by another one and Liana could sense the moment was coming. The centaur's back legs were still on the ground, it's front legs, one either side of her shoulders. She could hear it's huge muscled chest breathing above her, an uneven, rapid breath; a breath of intense anticipation.

Ecstatic agony as the beasts thick length pushed into her. There was no delicate probing, no gentle nudging to make sure she was alright with the size; just an overwhelming sensation of deep, wrenching pleasure blending with exquisite pain as the beast broke into her. As soon as it started, it stopped as Kurn pulled the entire length out ready to plunge in again, she was ready this time...or at least she thought she was, another explosion of sensations as the thick shaft forced its way in as deep as it was possible to be and then left again just as quickly. Liana cried out, it was a cry for more...a cry for to be completed. She could smell the animal's sweat, feel the heat of its body next to hers. Again came the pain and with it, the sweet release as her aching space knew what it was to be truly filled. It was not just the size that made her scream out, the power behind each thrust shook her whole body, she braced her arms and opened her knees a little wider. Thrust after thrust kept coming. The creature was no longer pulling out between strokes, just ramming hard and deep. Each powerful movement delivering waves of intoxicating chemicals washing through her system. The pain was now gone and now all she could feel was Kurn's thickness pounding at her. She could feel the beast's fur against her back and ass; its tail occasionally brushing her calves.

The movements were getting faster, she could feel Kurns cock swelling inside her, suffused with his essence. She knew her time was coming too, a wave muscle spasms radiated out from her groin, riding up her body and filling her mind with a swirling mass of delirious sensations. Kurn's movements intensified, he was lifting her off the ground with each powerful push and she couldn't help but let out a scream as another orgasm erupted inside rendering her arm to jelly. It was all she could do to stay kneeling. 

Her breath came in ragged gasps, she lost the strength in her arms and collapsed into the thick moss. The centaur didn't slow down; her ass was still in the air and being jolted again and again by the creatures hard, powerful thrusts. Liana couldn't move, her body was wracked with an unending lighting storm of orgasms, wave after wave travelling up through her body. All she could do was lie there, face turned to the side and let out paralysed whimpers of forbidden and deep, deep pleasure.

A primal bellow echoed across the wood accompanied by a series of brutal, sudden jerks. She felt a flood of heat deep insider her and a sudden feeling of loss as Kurn withdrew. Almost immediately hot fluid spilt out, a little at first and then a flood. It poured between her cheeks, running down her thighs and onto the moss. It seemed like it would never stop, she could feel more of the centaurs hot seed dripping out but she paid it no heed. She let her knees relax and her body collapsed onto the soft bed. Moments passed but it was still coming from her, pooling on and around her body. In her exhausted, state she knew that this was the only way she was ever truly satisfied, the pain was gone, the ecstasy was gone, but what remained was a rich, profound, feeling of fulfilment. Even though she could hear Kurns hoofbeats returning to the forest she knew it had been worth every moment.