 Michael returned the next morning at a quarter to 8 so they could make his 9:30 game. He gave Kat a call on her cell, figuring her mom wouldn't be up this early on a Sunday. Kat came out wearing a different skirt and short-sleeves, still wanting to show off for Michael, but he told her it was going to be freezing inside the rink and to wear something warm. She came out again wearing a dark, but thankfully layered ensemble, similar to the ones she wore to school, and looking none too happy about it. 

Michael laughed and hugged her. "What's wrong? Aren't these the kinds of clothes you normally wear?"

"I represent you now," Kat stated primly. "If I can make other guys jealous of you, that'll raise your status. All they'll be able to do is drool over me, knowing you're the only one who gets to take me home."

Michael snorted at her reasoning. "And what makes you think I want other guys drooling over you," he asked, amused. "You should know from where I sit at lunch that I don't care what others think. If you want to dress up, I want it to be to impress me." Kat, seeing the error in her thinking snuggled into him and apologized contritely. 

"If you really want different clothes we can do some shopping after the game," Michael said after some thinking. "Besides, I like your darker side. It sets you apart from all those bottle-blonde airheads and boring vanilla people out there."

Hearing that they were going to do some shopping later and that Michael accepted her quirks, even liked them, put a huge smile on Kat's face. They made a quick stop at a coffee stand and bought scones and hot chocolate. He tried to stay away from caffeine when the kids on his team started popping caffeine pills and chugging energy drinks.

On the way to the rink, Pandora talked about all the buzz surrounding the previous night's attacks. Michael had a touch screen on the dash and Pandora was able to bring up articles regarding their exploits. The Chinese government was flipping out and blaming the US. The Seattle Times listed over 40 companies that had admitted to being hacked. They commented that a handful of hackers had been tracked down but made no mention of Kat or Michael. 

When they arrived, Michael went with the rest of his team to warm up before heading to the locker rooms. Kat went to the bleachers and quickly found herself welcomed into a gaggle of girlfriends, some who even shot Kat envious looks.

The game started and Kat was entranced by the brutal hits and dogged fighting that occurred around the puck. It quickly became apparent that Michael was the team's enforcer, but he wasn't a goon either. Frequently he'd put himself in a position to draw penalties, especially around the opponent's net. He played right-wing and whenever the puck was dumped in the other team's corner, Michael would scrap with defensemen much larger than him to regain possession. 

He managed to score the game winning goal on a shorthanded play, deking past a center and a defensemen to send it home with a snapshot, top-right. Coming out the locker room, hair wet from a shower, Michael gathered Kat in his arms and gave her a very enthusiastic kiss, drawing howls and wolf-whistles from the stands.

They did some shopping at a nearby mall where Kat picked up over a dozen outfits. As they were driving home, Kat spotted a Spencer's Gifts and told Michael to pull over. He thought they were just getting lube so he was surprised when she started pulling down all matter of bondage implements. 

Walking behind her, it looked like Kat was in the zone, completely absorbed with what she was doing, a look of intense concentration on her face. He was closer to the truth then he knew. To Kat, this was just like last night's urge to give up her anal virginity. It was one more river to cross in their relationship and she wanted to be Michael's completely. Plus, it would really drive home her regard for him as her 'master.' 

Still, locked as she was in her thoughts, she only vaguely looked at what she was grabbing. Every time she glanced at something new she'd get that feeling and would 'need' Michael to use it on her. Kat was abruptly roused from her trance when she heard a loud *fwap* as something smacked against her ass. She jumped, more from shock than pain, and turned towards Michael who was grinning at her holding an electric-blue rubber paddle.

"Aren't you getting a little carried away?" he asked cheerfully. 

Kat looked down at all the trappings she'd collected and blushed, "Maybe." Then she grabbed the rubber paddle and it joined the rest of their acquisitions. By the time they'd finished they had accumulated everything from cuffs to gags, vibrators to themed costumes, and yes, crotchless panties.

Over the months that followed, Michael would use all those and more on Kat. She accepted it all and, in fact, initiated most of their 'game nights.' As Michael became more proficient with the tools, he learned when and how to use them for maximum effect. 

At school, their relationship was taken in stride; two outcasts that had found each other. Kat got some surprised looks when she opened up and started wearing more revealing clothes. The couple received some raised eyebrows from both the students and the faculty at the way Kat clung to Michael and her obviously subservient attitude towards him. However, she still retained her wildness and temper, and those students who crossed her got a mouthful, though she calmed down instantly at a single touch from Michael.

Joseph continued eating with them in the computer lab or in town. There was an incident that occurred at their Fall Dance. Kat had convinced Michael to go and he rented a limo to take them. They decided to drag Joseph along with them, though he was going stag. When they got there, he worked up the courage to ask Tammy to dance, who was also there without a date, though she'd come with her friends. They really hit it off and it didn't take long until Tammy led him out of the building. 

Two guys from the popular crowd didn't take too kindly to Joseph muscling in on their territory and made to follow him. They'd barely made it out of the line of sight of the chaperons before Michael appeared in front of them and waited. Not really believing the stories about him and seeing that they each had at least 20lbs on him, they charged forward. 

Most of the moves he'd been taught were concerned with immobilizing his opponent or defending without causing harm, but he also knew strikes that would neutralize the momentum of the attacker. As there was more than one of them and someone could enter the hall at any moment, he also wanted to incapacitate them quickly. Michael flowed to the right just as they reached him, intercepted the reaching arm of the closest foe with a wrist lock, and slashed his neck with an open hand, his body's momentum causing him to crumple and fall forward. 

His friend stopped and turned, still off balance, throwing his fists up in a classic boxing stance. Michael parried his jab and drove his shoulder into the other guy's solar plexus, launching him into the wall behind him. He slumped to the floor unconscious. Michael calmly walked up to his first opponent, who was just shakily getting to his feet, and delivered a palm strike to his temple, knocking him out. Michael tossed them both under a table to sleep it off and went to find Kat. 

After that night, Tammy usually joined the trio during lunch. During Christmas break Tammy had whisked Joseph away on a family vacation to her parent's ski lodge in Whistler and became nearly as close to him as Michael and Kat were to each other. 

The months passed quickly and Michael and Kat's already unbreakable bond grew ever stronger. They continued to be a fearsome trio online. It soon became apparent that there wasn't a security system on the planet that could best Pandora for long. If there was a way in, she would find it. Their names and reputation grew until nearly every country's government gave them a wide birth, fearing what gaining their attention would lead to. The US even began mentioning them in diplomatic arguments as subtle, not-quite-threats to grease the wheels as they sought a resolution.

Michael realized that while they were extraordinary online, physically, they were still quite vulnerable. Michael began teaching Kat how to fight. Aikido normally took someone upwards of four years before they could begin using it in practice so he concentrated on blocks, parries, and a few select counters. Then he taught her of what he knew from other styles and they began sparring regularly.

Sometime in early spring, they got Pandora to order them five sets of handguns to try out along with CCW permits, registered to fake IDs guaranteed to pass any background check. They tried to get out to the range, located at the outskirts of town, a couple times a week. With custom holsters for Michael's jacket and the purse Kat started carrying around, they were armed whenever they went out. Kat even bought a stun gun to carry in her backpack at school.

Michael upgraded the security system at his parent's home. Together they managed to convince Kat's mother to move the two of them out of their small apartment into a spacious condo, once she was assured that the money wasn't coming from illegal means (which it of course was). Michael made sure it was fully furnished and had top-of-the-line security measures as well.

Taken altogether, these precautions may seem a little paranoid, but when you're ticking off governments and criminal organizations, paranoia can be quite comforting... 

As time went on, Michael and Kat's relationship blossomed and matured, but they still hadn't tried adding another girl into the mix. At the end of the school year, Kat set out to change that. 

Prom was held on a Saturday at a cute place on the water, just outside of Seattle. Michael, Joseph, Kat, and Tammy had enjoyed dinner at the top of the Space Needle before they went to the dance, and afterwards the limo dropped them off at the Four Seasons hotel where they would spend the rest of the weekend. 

Michael and Kat dropped off Joseph and Tammy at the corner suite they'd picked out for them, then went up to the Presidential Suite. Michael froze as he stepped through the door and gazed out at the huge living room... and the naked girl strapped spreadeagle to the steel bondage frame. The girl was blindfolded but Michael still recognized her as the TA for the computer class. She'd always worn glasses, dressed conservatively, and had boring hair. Now, he couldn't help but admire her figure, stretched taut, medium-sized breasts with pierced nipples. Someone had done her up and her silky hair shimmered in the dim light. Her skin glistened with a layer of sweat and Michael guessed she'd been tied like that for awhile.

Michael looked around the room and saw the dining room table covered with a sheet that dozens of crops, paddles, and floggers rested atop, next to vibrators and shock devices, and what looked like different styles of nipple clamps. He was amazed at the preparation that had gone into setting this all up. Michael was sure the staff had helped with much of it and it brought new meaning to "all-inclusive." Hell, just the girl alone was impressive. He didn't remember seeing her at the dance and was suddenly curious if she'd gone at all.

Feeling a set of arms wrap around him he turned and looked at Kat who was staring up at him with hopeful green eyes. Michael was moved that even now she was looking for his approval. He leaned down and touched his lips to hers, brushing them slightly, teasingly. Kat shivered as she experienced his promise of more to come.

Turning towards his prize he felt his prick grow hard as he began stripping off his jacket and dress shirt. Kat followed his lead and stripped out of her burgundy dress, panties, and bra, leaving her in just stockings and heels. Turning towards Kat, he tipped his head in the slave's direction and raised an eyebrow. 

"I wouldn't insult you with bringing in a novice, master. She's actually a regular at one of the S&M clubs here and she assured me you wouldn't be able to break her," Kat grinned mischievously, having no doubt that he would, in fact, shatter all her limits and expectations. 

Michael noticed that the slave hadn't moved her head in reaction to their voices. Upon further investigation he noticed her ears were plugged securely. Approaching her restrained body, he leaned in for a kiss just as he gave both her nipples a hard twist. She screamed into his mouth and Michael enjoyed the feeling the vibrations brought on. She was completely shaved and Michael spanked her blazing cunt. He still liked the feeling of having a little fuzz to rub against, but it was a refreshing change.

Reaching down to scoop up Kat's discarded panties, he pinched the slave's nose and stuffed them into her mouth when she gasped for air. They were the only room on the 10th floor so it wasn't really necessary, but he enjoyed the humiliation it caused and it would save his eardrums later. Then he removed her earplugs, wanting her to hear the strikes as they impacted her skin.

He gave Kat a wave, signaling for her to begin while Michael approached the table to choose his method of pleasure and pain. Kat acted submissive to him, and Michael would argue, only him, but he knew she had a dominant streak and could be as bloodthirsty as he was. Kat raised the flogger she'd chosen in a silent salute then began a flurry of strikes on the slave's back, beating a staccato of sound that matched the muffled screams that echoed room. 

Michael approached the slave a second time and took his first acquisition in both hands. He'd lubed the vibrating anal plug and dildo before placing them in a harness, which he now strapped tightly to their bonded plaything's body. He turned them both on high and enjoyed the way their slave squirmed and struggled, unable to get away from the intense treatment.

Picking up his second acquisition, a crop that enabled Michael to deliver sharp, precise strikes, he rubbed the end of it against the side of the slave's face, then slowly teased it down between her breasts. Moving it away, he brought it down sharply on her left nipple and the muffled screams suddenly elevated to a higher pitch. Not giving her time to recover he brought it down again on her right nipple. He kept up the rhythm left, right, left, right, until she was sobbing openly and shuddering from the many orgasms the harness was giving her. 

Michael made another gesture towards Kat and she stopped flogging her prisoner and moved towards the table. Michael, ignoring her shuddering sobs and muffled pleas, took his third acquisition: a steel chain with rubber clamps attached, and pulled on her inflamed nipples, clipping them in their steely embrace. 

Unbuckling her harness with one hand and unzipping himself with the other, he let the vibrating mess fall to the floor. As he was placing the head of his cock at the entrance of her drenched pussy, Kat appeared behind the slave holding a rubber paddle, the same one he had first used on her actually. 'How nostalgic,' Michael thought, then plunged into his captive, bottoming out as he did so. Slave dropped her head back and whimpered. 

Those whimpers turned to shrieks when Kat began pummeling her ass with the paddle, its flexibility allowing her to get a hit in on the backswing, never giving her a chance to recover. The hits were timed to Michael's thrusts so that as her middle was driven back by him, it was met with a solid bar of rubber rocketing the other way. They couldn't see it, but the relentless assault caused her eyes to roll up and she became silent, her body going limp. 

The couple stopped. "That bitch!" shouted Kat. "She passed out before you could cum." 

Michael chuckled and went to the table to grab the cattle prod. Pressing it against her pussy lips he gave it some juice, not really paying attention to the setting. The slave's body recoiled violently and she moaned deliriously. He tore off her blindfold and grabbed her hair, wrenching her head until she was looking at him. "Let's try this again," he said, tugging on her nipple clamps drawing a low hiss. 

He walked around behind her and began kneading her ass. Kat returned from the table and the slave's eyes grew large as she took in the strap-on she was wearing 9in. in length, 2in. in diameter. As Michael entered the slave's ass, Kat waved the electro wand she was holding and said deviously, "Now then, let's have some fun."

The next time their plaything passed out, it was after both participants had achieved their release. Michael carried her limp form to the bedroom and deposited her on the plush, waist-high bed, pulling the covers around her. He then joined Kat out on the balcony in a recliner where they shared a bottle of wine she'd found and silently enjoyed the closeness they felt with each other, allowing themselves to come down from the high.

When they'd both relaxed enough Michael took their glasses and placed them on the glass side table. Wordlessly, Kat moved to straddle Michael, presenting her luscious tits in front of his face. Grabbing his now hard prick, she lowered herself down onto him as he alternated nibbling on each of her nipples. They moved sensuously, in no rush to claim satisfaction. 

After they'd finished, they remained in each other's arms, his shaft still resting inside her, watching the sun just start to peak over the horizon. Kat gave Michael a look and he chuckled. "You want to start in on her already?" he asked, knowing the answer. 

He knew from sharing their fantasies that Kat got off on humiliating and degrading others. Michael did too, but he always felt awkward when talking dirty. Kat, reading his mind, cupped his face and said, "You're not expressive with your words, but with your body. A single touch from you speaks volumes." Kat shivered at the memory of the time she blew up at her mom for trying to get her to stop seeing Michael. She had been seeing red and she thought she might actually lose control and do something violent. 

Michael had calmly walked into the kitchen from the living room and lightly brushed a soothing finger down the back of her neck. Instantly, her demeanor changed from aggressive to serene, feeling an intense love for him that washed away everything else. She remembered that nothing would stand between them and that her mother's displeasure would fade over time.

Michael wrapped his arms around her, hugging her to him and bringing her back to the 10th floor balcony, "All the same, I think I'll let you take the lead on this." 

Kat nodded her head in acceptance. "We better let her sleep some more," she said, sounding disappointed. "We're used to staying up all night hacking, but she looked like she could use the downtime."

"Let's go join her then," Michael agreed. "And lay off the mistress bit until after we've had some breakfast. I've heard the omelets here are incredible." The couple got into bed on opposite sides of their exhausted slave, each wrapping an arm around her. 

When the girl awoke close to noon she jerked, realizing she wasn't alone, jarring the couple from sleep. She gazed at Kat with fearful eyes, who was looking back at her hungrily. Kat knew then that Michael was right and the girl could use a little return to normal. Reaching out to brush the girl's hair from her eyes, drawing a flinch, Kat cooed, "There, there sweet. Master has ordered our fun postponed until later."

The girl relaxed as she saw they weren't going to start in on her again, at least not right away. Her whole body ached, but it was the good kind of ache that she craved, and the bajillion thread count covers felt like pure bliss. Her eyes teared up and she sniffled as she remembered the night before. Never had she experienced such intense feelings of pleasure and pain, nor had she ever met a couple that was in such perfect harmony their actions caused her senses to overload.
