 Feeling elated at the day's events, Michael left school and headed towards the public library. In the car, Pandora gave him updates on the Beijing situation and went over his schedule for the rest of the week. At the library Michael sat at one of the workstations and let Pandora out to play again. She would test the network, learn what was stored on it, and absorb any new material she found. Michael killed some time going over his coursework for his online college classes until a quarter to four. 

After that he left and headed towards the dojo. He practiced Aikido with an advanced class of 2nd and 1st Kyu students and was looking to test before he went off to college. He didn't practice it for self-defense or to learn how to fight; he'd never had a problem with bullies or felt he needed an aggressive outlet (he had hockey for that). It was just that with all the things bouncing around in his head, sometimes he needed a release; some place to lose himself and find his center. 

He supposed he could have done Tai Chi or something, but they'd had a demonstration with a wooden bokken when he'd first joined and he'd instantly fallen in love with the beauty of the art. And really, you can only practice what someone is willing to teach, and that was the only option in the small town. After the class ended, Michael stayed to help teach the beginner's class that started.

He had been exposed to Sambo during his trips to Romania though, and had experienced different styles of fighting, primarily Muay Thai, Judo, and boxing. If he had to fight, he wanted to finish it quickly and thoroughly. 

Following a shower and dinner with his parents, Michael and Pandora mapped out their plan of attack. Michael started a queue of all the different things that would go off at once. First, Pandora had located most of the monetary accounts attached to the hackers and would release a worm that would bog down traffic and play havoc with the security systems. In the confusion, Pandora would liquidate those accounts to an offshore account Michael had set up for just this purpose. Then from there, the money would be sent to one of his storage accounts registered under a false name. 

Next, everyone in the contact lists each of the individuals would be receiving a Trojan which Michael hoped would help him take down the larger collective at a later date. The computers of those involved would be attacked and their personal information would be released to the public, their relatives, and workplace, as well as sites commonly traversed by hackers, complete with doctored photos and incriminating evidence.

Their log files had revealed other jobs they had been in the process of completing, as well as sites they had visited and messages they had sent. This would all be published online along with humiliating commentary about their so-called accomplishments.

Lastly, their website would be transferred to a different server that only Michael had control of, and their original server trashed. The URL to their website would show a vandalized version of their site, which they'd be unable to remove, along with a chilling notice warning of what happened to those who went against him. 

As Kat drifted off to sleep that night, her thoughts were on the boy she'd met that day. She didn't think it was possible to fall in love at first sight, but Michael certainly seemed to put her in heat. Just the thought of his hands roaming all over her body got her wet and her own hand dipped under the covers. Thoughts turned to fantasies and fantasies turned to dreams. 

The next day the trio sat in the computer lab at lunch munching on MREs Michael had gotten at an army surplus store for the price of nothing. There was some dance or something or other coming up soon and Kat was trying to get Joseph to ask Tammy out. Michael knew that wasn't going to go over well with the popular crowd but kept his mouth shut. Instead, Michael was reviewing the impact of last night's hack. The entire community was abuzz with what had happened. Neither government was commenting, but there were a number of Chinese banks that had reported being hacked and described the chaos left by Pandora's worm. 

Kat seemed to remember that he was a fellow hacker and gossiped about what she'd heard about the attack; who people thought the hacker was and what his motivations were. Michael had to chuckle at that and Kat gave him a curious look. 

She went back to trying to convince Joseph, and Michael drafted an e-mail to an intermediary who would contact the US government concerning some stolen login information related to the Chinese government. It had been stored on the hard drives he'd cracked and Michael was willing to sell it. As he sent the mail and went to his inbox, Kat looked over and got a glimpse of a full page of messages wishing him congratulations for the night before, complete with a few that included his alias "Fate" and even some with racial slurs in reference to the Chinese.

"It was you!" Kat exclaimed, staring at Michael open-mouthed.

He sighed. Michael hadn't made any attempt at hiding what he was working on. He didn't know if it was because he was feeling overconfident from the night before or if he had wanted an excuse to brag about it. Perhaps he felt something for Kat in the short time they'd shared together and he didn't want to lie to her. 

Michael had expected Kat to be shocked, angry, even hurt by the revelation. When he looked up, he was completely unprepared for the look of pure, unbridled lust that shown on her face. She launched herself at him from her chair and gave him a scorching kiss that left him feeling light-headed. He didn't know what to do with his tongue or his hands so he just let her lead and enjoyed it. 

She pulled away and looked into Michael's eyes and growled, "You have GOT to tell me how you do that." When the pair had caught their breath, she glanced over and said in a low voice, "Excuse us, Joseph." Then she reached down, grabbed hold of Michael's hand, and pulled him to his feet and out the door. 

Michael barely managed to snag the flash drive before they were walking down the halls in the direction of the parking lot. He cast a curious glance at Kat as they both heard the bell ring, signaling the end of lunch. 

"We're skipping," is all she said, very matter-of-fact about it.

As they both got into his car, Kat told Michael to drive to her place. Michael tried to be evasive and asked where she lived. Kat simply looked and him and raised an eyebrow.

Michael sighed and mumbled, "Forestview it is then..."

Kat smiled and said cheerfully, "That's what I thought." After taking in his expression, she leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. "I'm not mad you checked up on me or found out where I live. I actually find it kinda hot that you can do that and that you would take enough interest in me to do so."

As they got close to the apartment, Michael became nervous. He didn't want to be presumptuous, but it was better that he brought it up now rather than later. He started, "I don't have a, uhh-"

Kat giggled, "Don't worry. Mom's had me on the pill for years." 'Not that there was much point until now,' she thought to herself.

When they reached the door to her apartment, Michael cast another curious look at her and Kat shook her head, "Mom doesn't come home 'til late." They stepped inside and took off their shoes. Michael saw a small, cozy living room with a couch and TV and attached kitchen.

Leading him down a hallway, she opened the door to her room and allowed Michael to walk in, glancing around as he did so. It was... 'Girly.' There were actually pink frills on the bed. It didn't seem to match the girl he knew at all. 

As he turned to question Kat, she tackled him, causing him to end up on the bed with her on top. Her lips locked onto his and for a second neither of them could breathe as they both saw stars. Their hands fumbled around ineffectively, trying to remove the other's clothes while continuing their lip-lock.

Finally, Michael grasped her shoulders to hold her still and murmured, "Slow down, Kat."

Kat grinned in his mouth and pulled back, biting and scraping his bottom lip as she did so. "I love it when you call me 'Kat.' All the little bitches at school always called me 'Cathy.'

They both sat up on the edge of the bed and looked at each other. Michael reached for the hem of her shirt and slowly dragged it up over her head, then allowed her to do the same with his. He leaned in and kissed the crook of her neck while he reached behind her to unsnap her bra. As they separated Michael was fixated on her amazing breasts. Her rosy pink nipples, standing erect, had his mouth watering and he was instantly hard.

Kat, seeing that she was having an effect on Michael began to calm down and get into the mood. She took each of his hands in her own and hauled them both up until they were standing facing each other. Slowly, she fell to her knees, reaching out to unbuckle Michael. As his jeans dropped to the floor, she hadn't expected him to be going commando and was unprepared when his cock flopped out and bobbed less than an inch from her face. It was probably only average in size, but to her it looked huge and for a moment she felt a prickle of fear.

Michael smiled as he looked down at her stunned expression, and much of his nervousness began to bleed out as well. Reaching down he pulled her up into a standing position once more, then he dropped to his knees, grasping her buttons. After he just about tore them open, he dug into the sides of her pants and slowly pulled them down. 

Kat whimpered as Michael's hot breath blew against her mound, then gasped as his fingers slid into the waistband of her moist panties, dragging them down her legs in excruciating slowness. It was too much. She stepped back and turned her body away from him, hugging her arms to herself.

Michael sat back on the bed and waited patiently as Kat collected herself. Finally, she spoke softly, "I'm a- a virgin. I know I was the one to bring you here and all, but I just- I feel a little overwhelmed, I guess. It's just that-" She stopped once more and seemed to be searching for words.

Michael chuckled, "Well, I admit it's a surprise given how hot you are, but if it makes you feel any better I am too, so we'll both be facing this together."

Kat looked at him skeptically, "Bullshit. You're rich, handsome, athletic, caring. You're an international hacker genius. You're telling me no one has managed to snatch you up yet?"

"Well," Michael replied teasingly, "there is this one girl, if she ever decides to make up her mind, then I think I could be convinced." They both burst out laughing and it released a lot of the tension in the room. "Now, you're going to sit your cute ass on my lap and let me play with those gorgeous tits of yours, and then I'm going to kneel down between your legs and you'll tell me how you want me to pleasure you."

Kat felt her cheeks redden at his forwardness but complied, sitting down on Michael's naked lap and even giving her attractive tush a wiggle or two for good measure. Michael groaned, but then quickly found a pair of objects to occupy his attention. She giggled happily and draped her arms around his neck.

He wrapped his left arm around her frame, pulling her towards him. His mouth enclosed on her left boob, swirling his tongue around her nipple, giving it a little nibble before moving on to the next one. While he was trying to pay an appropriate amount of attention to each morsel, Michael's right hand sneaked down towards her fuzzy peach and cupped it, causing a sharp intake of breath from Kat. She moaned as Michael's middle finger traced her slit and slowly slid between her folds. 

Kat began to pant as he gradually increased the number of fingers sliding in and out of her pussy. Michael curved his fingers inwards to try and hit her g-spot, while his thumb pulled back her hood and began circular rotations around her clit. At least, he hoped that's what he was doing. Porn was turning out to be a shitty substitute for experience... 

"Oh yes," Kat hissed, "it was never this *pant* good. Fuck! Keep going... Move *pant* your thumb faster, babe. Oh, just like that. I'm gun- gunna-"

As Michael felt her start to cum, he jammed his thumb down hard onto her clit and watched as her eyes flew open and her mouth formed an "O." Her entire body froze up as it was rocked into orgasm after orgasm. As she finally came down she slumped against him, burying her face in his shoulder, her body still quivering from the aftershocks she felt. 

"Jesus," she whispered, still plastered against him, "you sure set the bar high."

Michael chuckled and hugged her to him. "Just let me know when you're ready to carry on," he murmured into her ear. She shuddered, then after awhile met his eyes and nodded. Laying her down onto the bed with her legs hanging off the edge, Michael knelt between her thighs and breathed deep, getting to know her scent. Kat propped herself up on her elbows so she could see what he was doing. 

Michael sat back on his heels and grasped her left leg in both of his hands, raising it up slightly. Then, he went down on one knee and began trailing kisses up her leg, steadily moving closer to her steaming cunt. Just as he was about to touch it, he blew on it then backed off. Kat moaned in impatience and let her head drop back. Michael moved to her right leg and began the process anew. When he was once more close to his prize, he gently blew on it again. This time Kat, in frustration, grab two handfuls of hair and buried his face in her juicy pussy. Michael wedged his tongue in as far as it would go before withdrawing and sucking on each of her folds. 

After more teasing, Michael tongued her from anus to clit, drawing a squeak from her as his tongue found her rosebud. As soon as she started panting again, he began circling her tiny nub with his tongue. When he felt her getting close to release, he jammed two fingers into her and started rubbing against her pleasure zone. As she let herself go, Michael gently bit down on her button and started whipping his tongue back and forth across it as fast as he could. He kept up the intensity as she went through multiple orgasms and even then, didn't stop until she wormed her fingers into his hair and pried him away from her, trembling. 

"Oh god!" she gasped shakily, still out of breath. "You almost killed me. I can see spots. Anymore and I'd probably have blacked out."

Michael wiped his face on her blanket and looked up at her saying, "Oh well, maybe next time." Kat shot him a hungry look.

Michael laughed then moved up her body to plant a kiss on her lips. "You looked so cute though," he told her quietly. "I just love the feel of you squirming beneath me. God, you're beautiful." Kat smiled up at him, bathed in her afterglow, and snuggled into his arms.

"You know, you were supposed to be telling me what you liked," Michael whispered, kissing her neck. 

Kat gave a weak laugh, "I think you've got the hang of it."

After some time had passed she noticed his prick poking her in the stomach. Unhurriedly, she pushed herself up and gazed down between Michael's legs. After waiting for Michael to lie on his back, she timidly reached out and grasped his pulsing cock, which hadn't softened in the least, and gulped, staring at it.

Michael didn't want to pressure her, but he also wanted to let her know that he was fine with putting her pleasure first. "You don't have to-" he started.

"NO," Kat said determinedly, causing Michael to wince when she accidently squeezed her hand too hard. "Sorry," she said sheepishly, and began stroking her hand up and down his slimy member, "it's just that you went through the trouble of going down on me, so I want to do it for you." 

Michael shot her a lighthearted smirk, "Well, it really wasn't any trouble and I actually loved being so close to your pussy, but I'm certainly not going to try and persuade you not to."

Kat gave him a saucy grin, then fixed his cock with a resolute expression. She lowered her head and gave it a tentative lick. She then latched her mouth onto the tip and began working her tongue around the head while her hand continued to jack him off. She then opened her mouth wider and blew hot breath out as she moved down its length as far as she could without bumping the back of her throat. 

Michael clenched his fists and his chest rose up off the bed as she almost took his full length into her mouth. "Oh shit!" he exclaimed, and it was his turn to pant.

She then sucked hard as she moved up his shaft, only to start swirling her tongue around the tip again when she reached the top. As she repeated this process and went into a pattern, her hand reached down and cupped his balls and began a gentle massage. It wasn't long until Michael told her he was close. Kat just hummed her response and he lost it, not believing his luck. He exploded into Kat's mouth in a volume he'd never experienced before. Michael bucked his hips and tried to keep from grabbing her head and slamming it down. 

Kat thought she would have a chance to get used to his cum before swallowing it, but it soon became apparent that there was too much for her to hold and she hastily started gulping it down. It didn't taste good, but certainly not as bad as her mother made it out to be. 

After cleaning off his cock she gave a chaste kiss on its tip in silent thanks for giving her this experience. She straightened up and sat with her legs under her as she gazed down at Michael's contented expression with a look of absolute adoration. She knew she would be Michael's for the rest of her life with a degree of certainty only teenagers feeling the first stirrings of love can achieve. She wanted to kiss him but suddenly felt a line of cum leaking down her chin from the corner of her mouth and realized he probably wouldn't want to after what she'd just done. 

She got up suddenly and turned towards the door saying, "I'll be right back. Let me jus-"

That was as far as she got before Michael grabbed her arm and pulled her down onto the bed next to him. Then he moved his leg and pushed his body up until he was straddling her. As she looked up with wide eyes, Michael dipped his head down and kissed her. Hard. Kat felt gooseflesh rise and a shudder ripped through her as he left her gasping. 

Michael raised his head and then cupped her face. Looking into his eyes, Kat saw the same love and certainty that she'd felt staring back at her. 

Neither knew who started to move first, but both realized it was time to seal their lovemaking. Michael lay on his back and held out his hands for Kat to grasp as she straddled him. "From what I've read, it's best for the girl to be on top the first time so she can set the pace," he said softly. Kat nodded in acceptance and began to rub her pussy against Michael's semi-hard dick, lightly humping its length between her folds. 

As she positioned Michael's cock against her opening she was almost vibrating with need. She had one last bout of absurdity, musing to herself, 'at least he's already wet.' Giggling ridiculously, she started to sink down Michael's throbbing length. 

"Holy fuck!" Michael cried out when she'd hit bottom. He sat up and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her tenderly and rocking her gently. "You feel amazing," he murmured in her ear.

She wrapped her arms around his neck and tried to laugh, but it came out sounding more like a sob. With tears in her eyes she held him close and repeated over and over, "Thank you, thank you, thank you." 

After some time had passed, Kat sniffed and pushed against Michael who still had his arms around her, still rocking her gently, joined as they were. Michael lay down on his back again as Kat began increasing the pace of their rocking. It wasn't long before she began sliding further and further up his shaft until she began slamming herself all the way down, fucking him full tilt. After her first orgasm ripped through her, she continued fucking but leaned forward so her breasts hung close to Michael's face. He thought they bounced quite nicely as he cupped them in his hands and lifted his head to give them the attention they deserved. A second climax tore through her as Michael bit down on her right nipple and began flicking his tongue back and forth. 
