 That night, after Aurora had returned from overseeing the departure from Busan, the five went down to enjoy a show in the ship's theater. Due to Michael's membership, he had a round booth and table reserved for him and his party at every showing. An entertainment troupe had just come aboard and they all got to see the martial arts comedy performance of "Jump!"

Retiring to their room afterwards, the five were enjoying the hot tub and the night's atmosphere, drinks in hand. Rin opened her mouth to speak then closed it. After collecting herself, she asked tentatively, "Michael, could you please explain how you were able to hide yourself in the system? It seriously scared the hell out of me when the work on my laptop started disappearing and changing, even when I wasn't connected to anything." 

Michael glanced at Kat and she nodded her assent, but shrugged, leaving it up to him. He sighed and told her he felt the same way he did that day in the computer lab, it just didn't feel right to keep this from them. Michael then began to explain how he'd developed Pandora while Kat went to retrieve his phone. 

The three of them were shocked when Pandora spoke up addressing them as "Mistress Rin," "Mistress Aki," and "Captain Aurora." Aurora and Aki quickly accepted Michael's explanation and moved on to amazement and wonder. Rin, who probably had the best idea of what it would take to create something like that, struggled to grasp the enormity of what had been done. 

'Programming and hacking before he'd hit puberty? Developing an Artificial Intelligence before he'd even been in high school? This guy wasn't just some rich playboy,' Rin told herself, not knowing whether to be scared or impressed. Kat showed Aki how to operate the holographic display and Aurora was impressed that it could monitor every camera at once. Michael retrieved a phone he'd finished a few days ago and handed it to her. Pandora would be an asset as she ran her ship, giving her much greater information and control in any given situation.

Michael, Kat, and Aurora retired to the master bedroom while Aki and Rin laid side-by-side in the guest room. Aki turned to Rin and asked what she thought of Michael. Rin, knowing what her sister was 'really' asking, said grinning, "Thinking of giving him your cherry?"

Aki blushed and mumbled, "You know our dad kept us in that house like it was some kind of dungeon. I know he probably thought he was protecting us but-"

"He was protecting his interests," Rin spat venomously. She wasn't nearly as understanding or forgiving as her sister when it came to their father's intentions.

Aki sighed and, knowing that Rin wouldn't give any ground on the subject, continued, "He always had us watched and secluded. Remember what happened to that neighborhood boy who was always talking to you?"

Rin would never forget. He'd been her first crush, but as soon as their father had found out about him, he'd berated her for sinking so far beneath her status and forced the boy's family to move away.

"That's why I was so grateful when you had us both learn about computers. It probably saved my sanity. We might have been stuck there, but at least we could explore a vast new world; one that didn't care about our status; a place where our father didn't dictate the rules," Aki said, oblivious to her sister's ruminations.

Rin was touched. She'd had no idea how important it had been to Aki. Rin remembered her first exploration in 'hacking' had been to get around the filters her father had put in so they could only visit 'proper and preapproved' sites. She and Aki weren't as naïve and sheltered as her father would have liked, but they were inexperienced. Even at the private school she'd gone to, Rin had recognized watchers, keeping tabs on them. 

Turning to her sister, Rin asked, "Do you want to have sex with Michael to get back at our father or because you like him... or because you're so sex-starved that anyone with a prick would do?" she added with a sly grin.

Aki giggled and started rubbing herself against Rin, hand dropping to her sister's pussy. Lacking any other contact, the two had experimented with each other, though Aki had always been the initiator as Rin felt uncomfortable 'corrupting her innocent little sister.' Sticking her fingers inside the fiery opening, Aki whispered, "Well how could I resist the HUGE cock he was sporting. And you know what?" her hot breath drawing a shudder from Rin, "I saw all the toys they had in one of those chests before they moved them out of the room. You don't really think calling him 'master' is just an aesthetic choice, do you?" 

Rin moaned at the images her sister conjured in her mind. "You want him to tie you up and use you like the whore you are, don't you, you little slut," she asked, picking up the pace; propelling her fingers to move faster; wet, squelching sounds coming from beneath the thin blanket. Rin let out a whimper as Aki slapped the inside of her thigh, then went back to fingering her. "He's going to beat your ass until its bright red. Then, if you're good, he might even spank your pussy." 

Rin cried out as she felt herself climax, Aki drawing it out by smacking and rubbing her cunt until the convulsions stopped. She hugged Aki to her and gave her a heated kiss. As they were drifting off to sleep in each other's arms, Aki heard Rin whisper, "Go for him, sis."

* * * * *

Matsushita Takeshi had not had a good day. First, he had to explain to the Takamori family why he couldn't provide his daughters as per their agreement and then had to listen to their veiled insults about not being able to keep his house in order. Despite his parents' anger, the older brother had looked positively gleeful about his 'strong-willed' bride-to-be and had muttered something about being all the more fun to break on his wedding night. 

Takeshi was privately glad his daughters had left. That son of theirs that Rin was supposed to marry had turned out to be quite the sadist and his brother wasn't much better. But their children had been promised to each other when they were young and his company's board members were threatening to wrestle control away from him if he refused. He still hadn't decided what he'd do if they- 'WHEN they returned,' he reminded himself. Maybe they could eke out a life despite the humiliation a break would cause. He just needed to find them! They could be stuck in the sex trade for all he knew.

Yesterday's search hadn't inspired any leads. His men had scoured the city and had been led on a wild goose chase at the international airport. He was secretly proud of his daughters' ingenuity and knew that was Rin's work. 'Willful and clever, just like her mother,' he reminisced. The tech people his company employed were no better, though they did give him some cause to worry earlier today. He was behind them in the security room after the meeting with the Takamori family, answering phones and conducting the search. 

The two computer specialists had tracked the girls down a side street after they'd leapt out of the stopped limo. Then the girls just disappeared. No public camera in the entire city managed to capture them. Then, suddenly, they got two hits and traffic footage pulled up of his daughters in a car. The only problem was that in each of the two pictures, they were both in a separate car, one going north out of the city, one going south, and they were marked at precisely the same timestamp. 

Then things got even stranger as the pictures on the screen disappeared, as did every other digital photo taken of them online. He even had them check the girls' school site for a graduation photo and was met with a blank window. Takeshi had remembered the sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach as he saw his daughters' past erased before his eyes. The two technicians were actually trembling when they'd turned to him, saying they were through and didn't want anything to do with this. They had said they only knew of one entity in the world that could pull off something like this, someone called "Fate."

Takeshi sighed, swirling his drink. Conducting a search of this size was nearly impossible when he couldn't even send his contacts a picture of the ones he was looking for. He couldn't even scan the hard copies online before they mysteriously vanished. Suddenly, he heard a knock on the door and his chief bodyguard came in with an envelope that he set down on his desk. 

Quickly opening it, he saw pictures of his daughters looking happy and traveling with people he didn't recognize. One of his contacts in South Korea had taken them on a cheap, disposable camera and had it sent by air to him. They were on a cruise ship, one that was heading towards Shanghai. Quickly standing up and grabbing his coat he shouted to his protector to get his men and make arrangements for a trip to China. Leaving his office, he gripped the picture of Rin being held by a Western boy with brown hair tightly.

* * * * *

The next morning Aurora left early to relieve the watch and the four remaining occupants went to the Sports Deck to spar. Rin and Aki taught the couple some kicks and punches they'd learned while Michael and Kat showed the twins counters and throws. 

The foursome then got changed and went to the pool; planning on enjoying the two days at sea they had before arriving in Shanghai. Michael enjoyed the sight of the three beauties and especially Kat's black bikini, her dark-red hair framing her tits perfectly. There was one incident that occurred when a guy had palmed her ass. She had turned and drove an elbow into his solar plexus, almost collapsing his chest, and his friends carried him to medical, laughing all the way.

They ate lunch with Aurora before returning to their room. Aki and Kat were watching TV in the living room and Rin was watching Michael practice his sword work from the balcony couch. She was asking him questions about the lesser AIs and was impressed, though not surprised, that they had been the force behind the new type of algae that had been in the news. "So what other things are they working on?"

Michael sat down next to her and told her about his lab and the worker bots that were constructing 'things.' Rin's eyes grew wide and asked how the bots were powered. "Solar power," he replied. "We're moving to nuclear soon. Pan found a way to wirelessly transfer energy and has a collector that stores energy and directs it to a receiver. Each bot has one and is powered by it. That's how the nano-" he coughed, cutting himself off.

Suddenly, the two heard moaning from the living room and Michael knew Kat was making out with Aki. There was an awkward moment between the two on the couch before Rin finally leaned over and brushed her lips over his quickly then returned to her position. Surprised, Michael turned, grinning, and said, "Let's try that again." He placed his hand on the back of her neck and pulled her in for the most passionate, lust-filled kiss Rin had ever experienced. Her mind blanked as she fought to restart her breathing. All she knew was it felt amazing and dipped her head back for more.

As Michael leaned over her, Rin saw his hard-on tenting his sweats. Reaching for it, Rin was fascinated as she felt it pulse in her hand. She moaned with need and lifted her cute butt when Michael kneeled down in front of her and began to tug her pants down. Michael stared at her tuft of black hair peaking between two glorious thighs. He moved his face in and rubbed his cheek into her silky softness before starting a light tease that had Rin gasping and shuddering. Her first release happened surprisingly quickly and Michael knew how badly she wanted this. In the corner of his eye he saw Aki leaning in the doorway, Kat behind her fondling her right breast and fingering her dripping pussy. 

Rin finally mewled in a high pitched voice, "enough! Please..." using two hands to push against the top of Michael's head, prompting him to stop. "Hooo fuck..." she sighed, still feeling the aftershocks. She turned to her sister, instinctively knowing when she was near and said, "He's really good, sis, you should try him." 

Aki grinned and said, "I plan to," then yelped in surprise as Kat dropped to her knees in front of her and proceeded to use her clit as a chew toy. Michael held Rin on the couch as they both watched Kat make Aki scream. Once her sister had stopped twitching, Rin had dropped to her knees in front of Michael, noticing he was still hard. Kat led Aki beside her and stood back to watch the show.

The twins looked at each other nervously, then Rin reached to free Michael of his covering. His cock bounced out and bobbed tall in front of them as they removed its constraint. Leaning over his lap, Rin took the tip in her mouth while Aki, with some trepidation, licked his shaft. Soon, Rin got the courage to take more of him and Aki concentrated on his balls, delighting in their soft feel. After Rin had taken him as far as she could, she backed off and let her sister try. 

Kat dropped behind the two girls and cupped the two exposed pussies. Using her fingers she probed their blazing cunts, then stopped, surprised. "Virgins!" she declared gleefully. "You sure know how to pick 'em, baby..."

Michael finally achieved his release when the twins pointed his cock between them and both started licking and sucking along his shaft, blowing their hot breath along its length and fondling his two orbs. He exploded, blowing hot cum straight onto Kat's tits who was still leaning down between the two girls exploring their naughty bits.

Kat pointed at his cock as the twins sat there looking stunned and said, "Clean him." Aki and Rin dived to clean the dripping fluid. When they came up again, Kat pointed at her tits and said, "Now clean me." They shot each other a glance before each taking a boob and giving it the attention it deserved. And that was how Aurora found the four when she walked in.

They heard a whine from the doorway and looked up to see the captain pinching a nipple and rubbing her crotch. "I miss so much when I'm away," she complained. Kat cupped the twins' heads and directed them back towards their morsels. 

Aki mumbled something and Kat admonished, "Don't talk with your mouth full or I might have to punish you later." Aki gave a groan and started saying all kinds of gibberish, her words muffled by Kat's tit. They all laughed at her eagerness. 

The sight of two gorgeous, tight young asses swaying back and forth with Aki and Rin sucking Kat's luscious tits in the background had Michael's cock soaring upwards again. Rin noticed and turned around to mount him but Michael shook his head saying, "It'll need to wait until after you two make your decision."

Aurora took her place on Michael's lap, shuddering as her pussy stretched over his shaft, and Rin groaned, "How long until then?"

"Soon, little bird, have patience," Michael chuckled, then moaned as Aurora convinced him not to let his attention wander.

The day finally arrived when they entered Shanghai. Aurora had stayed on the ship but the rest of the girls gasped appreciatively as they looked at the artfully-shaped skyrises facing them. Michael slowed as the girls approached the buses that would take them on a tour and waited as a shifty-looking character emerged from the shadows and handed Michael a package. Michael nodded to him and caught up to the girls. After they boarded the bus and took up the back row, Kat asked what that was about. 

Michael opened the package and took out a wrist device that was camouflaged to his skin. They were all impressed when it molded to his wrist and became nearly invisible. You could only see it if you were close and the light was shining the right way. "Just a precaution," Michael explained. The device was linked to his brain synapses and optic nerve. It used his eyesight as a targeting array and fired multiple knockout darts at whatever he wanted without requiring him to aim it at. Pandora had developed it in their lab and had shipped it to him through a series of intermediaries.

* * * * *

Down the street, Takeshi sat in the back of a black Mercedes and ordered into his mike, "Wait until they leave port authority. Don't take them while they're on the bus, but don't let them out of your sight. An opportunity should present itself while they're on the tour." 

* * * * *

The foursome had a magnificent day touring the city. They'd seen a museum and a temple and were eating lunch on a riverboat when the girls noticed something was up. Rin said, "It's my father isn't it?" 

Michael forced himself not to tense and smiled, "I just worry about you. The guards won't try and harm you and Kat and I don't have anything to worry about, but stray shots and accidents do happen." Rin's eyes narrowed when he'd said he and Kat had nothing to worry about, but let it be.

They came for them when the group was walking in the Yuyuan Garden. Michael had seen that they were going to strike no matter what since this was the last stop and had distanced his small group away from the other tourists. Turning down a side path he quickly led them out a back gate. There, looking triumphant and gleeful, were five men in black suits. The leader held his hand out and said, "Alright then, you've have a good ru-"

Michael didn't even slow, just waved his hand absently, and continued on into the crowded bazaar. The girls trailed after him gaping at the sight of the collapsing men. Michael led them through a set of buildings and out into the street beyond, flagging down a taxi and giving the driver a roll of bills to get them to the port as fast as he could. 

That evening, as the ship left out to sea, the group lounged by the pool area in an unoccupied corner. Aki and Kat were playing ping pong and Michael and Rin were lying in the lounge chairs, waiting. 

It wasn't long before Rin and Aki's father approached, bodyguard at his shoulder. Michael had warned Aurora about the situation but still worried about what the outcome would be.

Takeshi had been furious when his daughters had gotten away. He still didn't know how it had happened but immediately afterwards he'd used his contacts to book passage on the ship at the last minute. Then, when he'd boarded the ship he'd been accosted by some trumped up blonde woman in full captain's regalia with a troop of security men behind her. 

She'd looked down at his 5'7 frame and said in a voice that brooked no argument that he was only allowed to take one member of his security team and that he would be civil onboard or they would leave him stranded in a lifeboat. Although refusing to be intimidated by her, there wasn't much he could do as it was her ship and she could have denied him entry altogether. Privately, he was impressed with the loyalty his daughters had managed to gain in so little time. 

He stopped a little ways from the group and waited, motioning for his bodyguard to back off. Rin got up and walked towards him, a determined expression on her face. He sighed, recognizing the look from her mother. "Don't you think this has gone on long enough?" he said. The stormy expression that crossed her face told him it was the wrong thing to say.

"Don't you think you've stolen enough years of our lives?" she retorted, and the coldness of her voice cut through him. "You've kept us locked away in that dungeon as investments for your precious business. I could have endured that for myself, but not Aki. I will NEVER forgive you for that."

Dungeon? Did she have any idea how much it cost to maintain those grounds in the city... He schooled his face and said, "Daughter, it's your duty to further the Matsushita line. Your mother-"

He was cut off by the stinging slap Rin had given him; something she never had the courage to do before she'd been under Michael's umbrella. She had enough of his excuses, his tradition, and she'd always believed her father had blamed them for her mother's death.
