 The crowd cheered again as another graduate walked across the stage. Michael was sitting near the back of the auditorium with Matt, Brenda's boyfriend. When she'd come to live with them at his and Kat's apartment just after high school ended, she'd made it clear that she didn't want to be a live-in slave. Michael was grateful for that because he didn't think he could keep the persona going all the time, though he was pretty sure Kat wouldn't have a problem. 

Brenda had still periodically joined in on their games, acting as the slave, for the first three years at college, but she'd wanted to find someone to share what Michael and Kat had. Enter Matt, a pre-med student, one year older than Brenda, who frequented the same S&M club as her. They'd met almost a year ago and were thinking of marrying once Matt became a doctor. 

Michael and Matt rose and shouted the loudest in the crowd as Kat and Brenda walked across the stage, one after the other, since they got to choose their placing. Michael had graduated from UW two years ago and had stayed on to get a Masters in Computer Engineering. As the ceremony ended and the girls ran to greet their parents, Michael took out his custom-built phone which sprouted a holographic display, showing numerous bits of information including the travel plans Michael had made. 

Seeing they were still on schedule, he turned to Matt and tossed him the keys to their apartment. Startled, Matt caught them on reflex. "Brenda told me she wouldn't accept any money from us," Michael smirked, "So we're giving you a place to live, rent paid indefinitely. You'll find a number of grants and scholarships that will pay for medical school delivered to you, and you'll have a job on 'Pill Hill' here in Seattle when you get out."

Leaving Matt speechless, Michael went to pry Kat away from her mom and his parents. When she spotted him, Kat launched herself at him and wrapped her arms around him, pulling him in for a long, endearing kiss. She gave him her stole and they said farewell to their parents, telling them again that they could be reached by phone and e-mail, but that they would be traveling for the next six months.

Kat led Michael back to their car. It looked like an Audi R8 coupe, but was one of Pandora's greatest creations yet. Pandora had a penchant for discovering new stable and not-so-stable elements. Combined with the energy transfer technology she'd perfected, she was able to construct incredibly small nanobots to carry out an assortment of jobs. The Audi's space frame had nanites injected into the aluminium monocoque that would ionize the metal, bonding it with new isotopes she'd discovered to make it stronger without adding any extra weight. Everything from the windows and tires to the paint itself was designed to crumple, but never break, absorbing an impact, then reforming itself, making it tougher than most tanks.

Pandora had to forge inspection papers because they didn't want anyone noticing that it didn't use gas or fuel, but ran off of a special turbine which literally sucked nitrogen molecules out of the air using a small battery and water. She had designs for a generator powered by nuclear energy, but couldn't get it small enough to fit in a car... yet. 

Michael was constantly amazed at how far she'd come. The AIs she'd spawned were breaking new ground in just about every area of science and mathematics. He'd already sold a patent to the US Government for close to $12 billion concerning a new type of algae they'd cultivated. It actually fed off of the CO2 in the air and grew incredibly fast, as Michael found out when he'd left it alone for a store run. When he'd returned, it had covered half the apartment and Kat was freaking out. Advertised as a food source for 3rd world countries, it was dirt cheap to develop. It was theorized to "fix" global warming in roughly half a century and, together with new energy sources and the other gadgets he was developing, was slated to solve the country's debt crisis in a little over a decade.

By using different commonly found chemicals at various stages of its development, they could change what it tasted like. So far, they had found over a thousand different combinations, some that had surprisingly familiar flavors. Since it was doubtful anyone would want to eat the green gunk, Pandora had designed replicators that used the algae and an energy source to create different types of food that contained different nutrients, from sour oval-shaped fruit to tender juicy-looking steaks that tasted 'almost' normal. Scientists were amazed that it didn't need sunlight to survive. Critics were suspicious of it being some sort of bioterrorism scheme since Michael had released it as Fate, not wanting the publicity.

As they were driving Kat asked, "Okay, so where are we going? Are we really traveling around the world for the next six months? Not that I'm complaining mind you, it just seems like a lot of checking in and out of hotels and coming up with different kinds transportation."

Michael remained silent as they entered the Port of Seattle. Kat looked out the window and saw the huge smokestacks and the gleaming white top of the ship and she yelled, loud enough for a deaf person to hear, "No FUCKING way!" Turning to Michael for confirmation he just smiled. She squealed and hurled herself at him, causing him to jerk the steering wheel before he got the car under control again.

Chuckling, Michael told her, "Welcome to the Oasis of the Seas, largest cruise ship in the world. It usually travels in the Caribbean, but RoyalCaribbean released another oasis-class vessel and three of them are too much for that one route. It's scheduled to travel a trans-Pacific route starting next year, based out of Alaska. But to commemorate the change, it'll be going on a roundtrip journey around the world, starting from Alaska and moving down the North American coast."

"We missed its start up north," he lamented, and then added evasively, "but we'll see Alaska on our own soon enough."

Kat just stared with wide eyes. "I've never been on a cruise ship before," her voice filled with awe, "Hell, I've never even been out of the country, except for the few times we went to Vancouver and Victoria in Canada." Michael smiled at her trepidation. He'd gone on a cruise around the Black Sea once when he visited Romania, but the sheer magnitude of this one was going to make it a new experience for him as well.

"I had Pan make all the competition mysteriously disappear and booked us the Royal Loft on the top deck; the biggest, most luxurious of cabins," Michael added, wrapping an arm around her and giving her a squeeze, "I didn't want you feeling trapped or congested since we'll be there for awhile. Along with the spacious living and dining room, it has a giant 850ft² balcony. Also, Pan upgraded our membership to something called the 'Pinnacle Club' so we'll get all the fixings while we're there."

"Holy crap," Kat exclaimed, impressed. "How much did all this cost?"

Michael gave a snort, "Something like $20,000 a week." Kat raised her eyebrows. "But we can afford it. And besides, you're worth it," he whispered in her ear and her eyes blazed with desire.

They pulled up behind a line leading to valet parking where they would unload their luggage and put the car in long-term parking. Kat froze, panicked, and asked, "What about all my things? What am I going to wear for the next six months?" 

Michael laughed and told her when they were boxing up their stuff to leave the apartment he'd taken her stuff before it was shipped to storage and it had been preloaded onboard. "Now," he said somewhat seriously. "Before we leave, I want to propose a toast." He reached behind the seat and pulled a bottle of champagne and two flutes. After pouring them and holding one out to her, he met her eyes. "Esti respiratia mea, viata mea, si totul care conteaza. You are my breath, my world, and everything that matters."

Kat's eyes softened and she took the glass. "Noroc," they both murmured, then tipped back the sparkling concoctions. As Michael drank, he watched the beige-colored liquid drain into Kat's mouth and closed his eyes and prayed. He and Pandora had spent the last three months feverishly working on a safe method for introducing nanites to a human body. If it worked, they probably wouldn't have to worry about being killed. If it didn't, they'd be just as dead. 

It had taken a lot of specialized equipment to develop the little buggers. And because Michael had wanted to inject them before this trip, most of it was stolen, and the testing that was done to adapt it to a human body wasn't exactly ethical. 'Nor was it as extensively tested as I'd have liked,' Michael thought to himself worriedly. Pandora assured him it would work as she'd predicted, but there were never absolutes with this kind of thing.

When neither of them burst into flames, Michael began to relax. Kat was back to looking out the window in wonderment, oblivious to his concern. They finally reached the valet, and as neither of them had any bags, walked up the red carpet and were greeted by their steward that would walk them through the boarding process, skipping the lines, waiting, and scrutiny shown to most people.

They entered their room and were floored with what they saw. The living room had a couch and a couple of comfy chairs, LCD TV, a bookcase, and a baby grand piano, but all that paled in comparison with the view they saw out the sliding glass door. A huge mass of blue ocean eclipsed an enormous balcony which held a hot tub, wet bar, couch, and breakfast table. 

They went to the side of the balcony and their breath caught as they looked down from the dizzying height of the 17th deck, hundreds of lesser balconies making up two walls on either side below them. Michael whispered in Kat's ear, "No one can see us up here unless we're leaning over the balcony railing." Kat promptly stripped off her clothes and pulled him into a heated embrace. 

Michael gave her a mock frown and said petulantly, "You didn't even give me time to unwrap my meal." Then he grabbed her and tossed her onto the couch, getting a yelp from Kat, where he got to his knees and proceeded to eat her out. Despite her protests he ate her out for a full hour, pulling orgasm after orgasm from her. He teased her mercilessly, building anticipation and frustration in equal measure. When she would cum he would attack her clit for minutes longer until she was begging for him to stop. Only when she started trying to edge away would he back off... and start teasing her all over again.

When finally he stopped, she was a squirming, mewling puddle of limbs, sweat, and tears. Wiping his face on the fabric, he took her in his arms and just held her as they looked out at the view, hearing the sounds of the Port. 

Once curiosity got the best of them, they got up to explore the rest of their suite. In the master bedroom they found a king-sized bed facing 17ft plate glass windows. These had full blinds that could be drawn and a projector screen that could be dropped to watch movies. As they entered, the projector screen was down and various images from around the ship were scrolling through.

Apparently Pandora had hacked into the security feeds and was having fun. "I've never seen a place with so many cameras, master," she said excitedly. "Now you won't ever be out of my sight. I can actually control the ship if I wanted to. 'It's like a dream come true,' I believe you humans would say." 

Michael smiled. 'Oh, how prophetic you've become,' he thought. 'Just wait until later.'

'What do you mean, master,' a voice spoke in his head. 

Michael was jarred out of his thoughts and he gasped in surprise, drawing a questioning look from Kat. 'You can hear me?' he thought to Pandora.

'Of course, master. Didn't we go over that when we were developing the nanites? Give it a few more days and I'll be able to see what you see as well,' Pandora said in his head. 

'I didn't think it would happen this fast,' he said. 'Okay, that's a lie. I didn't think it would work at all.' Michael chuckled, 'I'm hearing voices in my head. I'm now verifiably crazy.'

Kat, becoming exasperated, poked him in the ribs, "What?"

Michael kissed her on the forehead, "Later, love." And taking her hand, led her down the hallway. Kat asked what the ship's internet was like. Michael laughed and said, "We've got our own, courtesy of Pan. She hijacked some corporate satellite and made it seem like it was malfunctioning. It's too expensive to retrieve so they left it alone. It'll follow our trajectory and provide an uplink for us." 

They went into the bathroom and smiled at the Jacuzzi tub, shower, double sinks, and spacious tile floor. Walking into the secondary bedroom, they saw 12 huge suitcases and trunks. 

Just because they were on vacation didn't mean Michael wasn't planning on working. He'd brought various tools and gadgets to tinker with, but most projects would still be done over a VPN feed with Pandora, connecting to their lab and the various construction bots there would assemble whatever they directed.

Kat looked at him and raised an eyebrow. Michael grinned, "Yes, I brought along your toys."

She got a glint in her eye and smiled slyly, "Good. I bet there are a few slaves on this boat, even if they don't know it yet," already planning on putting one of Pandora's tiny cameras in the female dressing rooms by the pool to scope out 'candidates.' She grew wet at the thought of watching them undress on the TV in the living room while riding Michael's cock.

"With over 5,000 passengers coming and going nearly every week, and over 2,000 staff and workers, I think you'll have plenty to choose from." Michael agreed. "And with multiple nightclubs, lounges, casinos, pool areas, and so on, you should have no trouble trawling for snacks."

Kat gave him a wide grin and wrapped her arms through his, leaning close, "They're 'your' snacks, baby, I just give them a nibble or two first."

Michael laughed just as an alarm went off. Kat looked around curiously and Michael explained, with a similar expression on his face, "That'd be the call to muster stations, showing us the life rafts and stuff. But it's really faint; normally it's annoying as hell." He led the way to the open glass door to the balcony and shut it. Abruptly the sound cut off. Michael grinned, "Ah, perfect. I was afraid we'd have to listen to that crap every week or so when the ship took on new passengers."

"Don't 'we' have to go out there?" Kat asked.

"Nah, a steward would come get us and we would join the Captain and his bridge crew to their raft just around the corner," Michael explained. "Though for this first one, I think we've got a complimentary tour of the bridge now if we want to check it out." They heard a knock on the door and Kat grinned.

Later that evening as the ship set sail, Michael and Kat joined the Captain at his table, though his table sat around 30 people. Younger than the rest of the occupants by at least a decade, most a good two or three, they just sat politely and made small talk. The dinner was superb though, with fresh Alaskan salmon, lobster, and steak shipped all the way from Argentina to choose from.

After dinner, there was dancing with the Captain, the senior officers, and others from the 'Pinnacle Club.' Michael's father had taught him ballroom dancing when he was young as 'one of those things a boy needs to learn to become a man,' and he was able to competently lead Kat around the floor. Afterwards, Kat left to go back to the room, but Michael went down to the gym for a quick run and a sauna. 

When he came back, the only light that was on was coming from the master bedroom. Michael walked in and saw a naked Kat, blindfolded and tied to the bed with a ball gag in her mouth. He grinned when he saw her breathing pick up as he approached her. Her body was taut, her nipples erect, and her pussy dripping. 

Michael pinched some of her pussy hair and pulled up, earning a yelp from Kat, who tried to raise her middle, despite being tied to four corners of the bed. Looking at the open chest by the side of the bed, he grabbed a vibrator from it and plunged it into her squirming cunt, turning it to a low, teasing setting. He then quickly stripped out of his clothes.

Taking a red wax candle, he lit it and set it down, pinching and pulling on her nipples while he let it pool. When Kat's nipples were sufficiently red and puffy, Michael picked up the wax and spent the next 10min. coating every inch of her glorious breasts. When he was done and Kat was gasping and wriggling her hips, he took out a stretchy leather flogger and proceeded to thrash the built-up wax off her tits. She whimpered as each strike ripped a portion of the caked stuff off her skin and her boobs bounced around attractively.

Putting the flogger down, he straddled her hips, placing his palms on her plump, bright-red tits and squeezed, drawing a delicious cry from his captive. Mashing her boobs together he wedged his cock in between them and proceeded to give himself a titfuck. When he finally came, spewing his load all over her neck and chin, he got up and removed her ball gag. Grabbing her hair and wrenching her to the side, he plopped his flagging cock into her mouth where Kat eagerly gobbled up his gift.

Moving to the foot of the bed, he untied her legs and pulled them up next to her head, tying them down again and leaving her spread open, her tasty bits sticking up in the air. Retrieving the ice bucket from the living room, he took two handfuls of ice cubes and proceeded to stuff them into her cunt one by one. 

It wasn't long before for she was wailing and writhing, trying to get rid of the freezing intruders. Taking a cat o' nine tails with small beads on the end, he whipped it hard between her legs causing ice cubes and melted water to erupt from her shivering twat. He repeated the motion over and over, striking relentlessly, reddening and marking her until he was sure all the ice had been discharged or melted. Throwing the 'tails in the chest and quickly untying her legs, he got into position and thrust his throbbing prick into her icy cunt, enjoying the cool touch that massaged his member. 

It was a hard and intense fuck, the friction of his cock warming her insides and returning any feeling the biting chill had taken away. When they finally exploded as one, Michael reached down and pinched her clit, twisting, causing Kat to scream; her chest rose up off the bed and her pussy clenched down on him almost painfully in rapture. They both came down from their euphoria and Michael untied her, removing her blindfold and kissing her tears away.

Kat, still sobbing tears of joy and ecstasy, hugged him tightly and repeated the same mantra she'd uttered the first time they were together, "Thank you, thank you, thank you." They had another, less strenuous, lovemaking session in the shower before both fell asleep, wrapped in each other's arms.

Morning found Michael out on the balcony practicing sword drills with his dai katana. He'd found a dojo in Seattle to help him develop his form. Pandora, of course, had made a few improvements to the sword, which was now stronger and lighter than normal, with a black sheen. She'd also been instrumental in 'convincing' the x-ray machine to ignore the weapon so he could bring it onboard.

The cruise was stopping in Portland today. Tomorrow would be a Sea-day and then it was on to L.A. The sky was overcast and the ship was being tugged into the harbor when Kat burst through the balcony doorway naked, hands on her tits, thrusting them towards him. "What the hell is this?" she shouted. 

Michael glanced at his favorite toys and admitted to himself that they looked even yummier in their enhanced state. They weren't double D's or anything, but they were definitely a handful. He glanced up. "That's one hell of a growth spurt," he teased. Kat didn't seem to find it amusing. 'This better not be some elaborate joke,' he heard in his head. 
