 The cruise left Portland and went down to L.A. From there, it had gone on kind of a whacky route since it had just come around South America from its original path around the Caribbean. It went out to the Hawaiian Islands, New Zealand, Australia, then up to Petropavlovsk, Russia, stopping at New Guinea and the Marianas Islands along the way. It would then go along the coast of Southeast Asia, stopping in Japan, China, the Philippines, India, etc.

Michael and Kat were commemorating their trip to Osaka with a quick and dirty fuck behind the noodle shop. She had taken 'always being available to him' to the next level by almost always wearing skirts without anything underneath. She also thought it would be a grand idea to get fucked in each and every country they visited. Oh, he liked it too, but she'd almost mounted him in the booth before he managed to drag her outside. She was insatiable.

They were supposed to be visiting some shrine or museum or other, but Michael had wanted a taste of authentic Japanese noodles after being subjected to the Top Ramen in the States. They'd left and would get back on the tour when it left to visit a 16th century castle he thought would be cool to see. 

As they were rutting with Kat placing both hands on the brick wall in front of her, they heard running footsteps followed by a car screeching to a halt. Not having to worry about muggers since their enhancements, and not thinking they would be arrested after having the courtesy to move their lustful activities to this dingy alley, they ignored the intrusion. 

Two young Asian girls with expensive-looking clothes and dark glasses, packs thrown over their shoulders, staggered to a halt as they caught sight of them, their eyes growing huge as they saw the size of Michael's prick as he continued to plunge it in and out of Kat. The two newcomers looked at each other and then continued running down the other end of the alley. Not a minute later, three guys in matching suits, shades, and earpieces ran by, not even taking a second glance at them once they'd seen Michael and Kat weren't their quarry.

Not knowing what that was about, and not particularly caring, Michael reached down and pinched Kat's clit as she came, causing her body to convulse wildly. He thrust as hard and as deep as he possibly could, spewing his load into her. Michael pulled his messy cock out, his cum trickling down her leg. She immediately spun around and cleaned him off before taking a cloth out of her purse and stemming the tide. 

The castle was nice and the couple enjoyed the rest of the afternoon, taking a 'second lunch' with the tour at a nearby sky-rise hotel. One of the things Kat loved about the nanites was never having to watch her weight. As they were in the bus traveling back to the cruise ship, they passed the airport and she noticed carbon copies of the three men in the alley all over the place. 'Must be some important diplomat flying in,' she thought.

Opening the door to their stateroom, they were greeted by the sight of the ship's First Officer squirming and wriggling- muffled cries coming from her tied body atop the piano. Aurora Lindström, 38, tall, with blonde hair and ice blue eyes that showed off her Nordic ancestry, had fallen into Kat's web last week when she'd been feeling particularly down about her life. 

Normally, when a cruise ship goes into port the captain and the first mate alternate who gets to go off, as they're never both supposed to leave the ship at once. The captain for this ship however, always left the Oases, never letting her go ashore. What made it worse was that she was slated to move up as captain for the vessel. 

He was a brand new captain to the fleet who had seniority and jumped in front of her just as the old captain for the ship was retiring. Aurora had left her home to visit places around the world, and now she wasn't getting to experience any of it. She certainly hadn't seen much when she'd been on the Caribbean route. She could complain to headquarters, but there were other things a captain could do to make her life miserable.

Kat shared a drink with her and soothed her hurt feelings, making her feel better and telling her she could come and talk to her anytime. She showed up outside the suite one evening while the couple was playing and knocked on the door. Neither of them had heard her as they were both in the zone. Aurora, thinking they might be in the hot tub, because she knew they were in there, the steward had told her so, opened the door with her card key. 

Walking in on Michael fucking a tied and suspended Kat, her nipples clipped to vibrating clamps, her swimsuit balled up and stuffed in her mouth, should have made an impression. It did, but not the one either of the couple had thought. Aurora folded her arms behind her back and dropped to her knees, thrusting her busty bosom out and tilting her head down, keeping her eyes on the floor, the door shutting behind her. Michael stopped thrusting and he and Kat just turned to stare at the kneeling, waiting woman who'd reacted so unexpectedly. 

Not about to spit in the face of such luck however, Michael quickly untied Kat as she spat out the swimwear. She proceeded to walk around Aurora berating her for interrupting her master and making all sorts of humiliating comments. What followed that night was the most powerful, freeing experience Aurora had ever felt. With all of her responsibilities and all of her frustrations, she could just let herself go and let somebody else lead her. 

She practically ran the ship and it was a full-time job cleaning up after the incompetent captain, but she managed to sneak away now and again to come wash away her grievances. Today, the captain had again gone off to explore Osaka himself, probably holing himself up in a bar somewhere, leaving her stuck onboard. While she couldn't leave the ship, as that would show up in the logs, she was able to leave the Second Officer on call for any problems and disappear. 

Michael and Kat had arranged her so 'she wouldn't get bored,' while they went on their tour. Kat peeled off the sense deprivation mask and cooed at her while Michael turned off the vibrators harnessed to her pussy and ass, set to go through random settings. She was kissing their captive's mouth intimately and Aurora was sobbing and hiccupping, thanking Kat for rescuing her. 

Michael picked her stiff and aching form off the piano and took her to the hot tub, asking her innocently, "So I guess the itching powder on your tits wore off?"

Aurora's body shuddered and she whispered hoarsely, "Yes, master." 

Placing her sitting on the edge of the spa, Michael stripped and got in. He looked at her shaved cunt which was puffy and red, and then kissed it gently. He darted his tongue out and gave it a quick lick, causing her to shriek. Nodding in satisfaction he moved her into the steaming water, drawing a hiss from her. Kat made them all cocktails and they told her about their day. At the sad look on her face, Michael promised himself that on the next port of call she would be going ashore, even if he had to throw the captain overboard himself.

The next day the ship was at sea before heading on to Busan, South Korea. Michael and Kat were eating lunch in the buffet area when Pandora spoke their heads, 'Master, there seem to be two other hackers onboard.' 

'Only two?' Michael half joked. With over 5,000 transient passengers, it wasn't that surprising, especially with all the people trying to cheat the system and get free internet.

Pandora replied, 'I should clarify. These two are very good for not having access to an AI. They work together in near perfect concert. So far they've managed to gain access and register themselves under fake names to an unoccupied cabin. I've had to repeatedly lock them out of the ship's more crucial systems, not wanting to risk giving them control.' She paused, then continued, 'They've also found the connection for our satellite, which shouldn't be possible, not that they can access it, of course. I took a look at the laptops they're using and found some very intriguing software. I just thought you might want them on your radar, master.'

'Are they giving you any trouble?' Michael thought to her. Pandora scoffed at the idea of humans giving her trouble in her realm and gave a negative. Michael smiled and thought about it. Cruise ships were ideal places for hackers to set up shop, if you were good enough to trick the system into ignoring you or made enough money to stay onboard indefinitely. 

You'd have internet access, free amenities, most of the time you'd be over international waters for when you pissed someone off. If you managed to get yourself traced, whatever authority chasing you wouldn't trust ship security to take you in and risk destroying evidence. They'd wait until you reached a friendly port of call to pick you up, giving you time to erase your tracks.

Kat asked, 'They just got on recently?'

'Yes, mistress. At Osaka,' was the reply.

'Hmm, that's interesting,' Michael thought, then looked at Kat and dipped his head to the right. 

Following his gesture, she saw the same two girls that had interrupted them in the alley sitting down across the seating area. They were both in shorts and T-shirts. The girl on the left was sipping a milkshake while the girl on the right was typing away furiously at a laptop and looking frustrated. 'Mmm,' Kat crooned, audible enough for the other two to hear, 'twins. And they look tasty. You spoil me, master.'

Taking out the tablet he still had to carry around in public, even though his phone could do so much more, he held it out in front of him and Kat. Pandora filled the screen with pictures and bio, stating, 'Their laptops are clean, but I was able to match their faces in the Japanese record system.'

Looking down at the tablet they saw: Matsushita Aki and Matsushita Rin; 20 years old; Mother died in childbirth; Sole heirs to the Matsushita corporation and fortune; Currently declared "missing" yesterday, with their father leading an international manhunt for their retrieval – Pandora even connected pictures to their names so it flashed "Rin" over the serious-looking girl at the laptop, and "Aki" over the girl happily sipping her shake.

'It's a good thing they've got short names,' Kat thought sly. Michael shot her a questioning glance. 'For when we have them screaming in our bed of course.' Michael chuckled, knowing she'd probably be right about her prediction.

* * * * *

"Hey," Aki whispered, elbowing her sister who growled at the interruption. "There's those two who were getting it on in the alley yesterday." 

That caught Rin's attention enough to glance up at the couple and give them a once over. "The guy's cute," she muttered distractedly, going back to her laptop. "Shit! Again... I'm telling you it's as if the system is alive and knows every move I'm making."

"I was more focused on the girl, would you get a look at those tits?" Aki said in awe, ignoring her sister's frustrations. She sighed and looked down at her own healthy B-cup and gave them a forlorn squeeze.

Rin finally resigned herself to defeat, for now, and looked up at the couple in question just as they stood up from gazing at some sort of tablet. Michael looked straight at her and flashed a grin. Rin had the uncanny suspicion that he knew exactly what she'd been up to. As she watched them leave through the glass doors she thought it might be prudent to check up on them.

* * * * *

Later that evening found Kat on Michael's lap, his hands playing with her tits while she surfed the net on Michal's phone, the holographic display navigating easily with her capable touch. Pandora was in the process of linking it to their minds so it would react at the speed of thought before long.

'Master,' Pandora called in his head, sounding urgent. 'Aurora needs you.' That was enough for Michael to get moving, dumping Kat onto the seat next to him and walking quickly out the door. Pandora lit up a blinking red path in his vision for him to follow. Kat scrambled up and went after him. On the way, Pandora explained that the package Michael had sent the RoyalCaribbean headquarters had indeed gotten the captain fired. They'd called earlier and made Aurora acting captain. She had gone to his room to remove him. 

Once the now-ex-captain had heard what she had to say he became incensed and hit her over the head with the bottle of bourbon he'd been drinking. He was going to rape her if Michael didn't get there soon. Michael broke into a run and less than 30sec. later was in officer country. A pair of crewmen saw him and had to dive out of the way. Pandora said, 'clear,' just as Michael hockey-checked the door, not even slowing down. With his enhanced strength it blew into the living room/office, embedding shrapnel into the walls. He strode to the master bedroom with a cold fury that would have frozen ice.

The ex-captain had been poised to enter her when he'd heard the commotion and went to look out the doorway where he got hit by a force of nature. He saw Michael and gasped, falling backwards. Before he'd even hit the ground, Michael had reached out, grabbed both his wrists, and twisted, shattering bone. As the ex-captain's head hit the ground, his face got smashed in as Michael, never slowing, stepped over him and to Aurora's side.

Kat, coming in behind him, took in the scene and gave a field goal kick between the ex-captain's legs, most likely turning him into a eunuch. She went back into the living room and shouted at the two crewmen, who were gazing at the room's destruction in stunned silence, for a doctor and security.

Michael cupped the back of Aurora's neck and waited for her to regain control of her limbs. At first, she tried to pull away from him, then when her vision cleared and she recognized him she cried and huddled into his arms. "Shh," he cooed. "Calm, my mighty valkyrie." He cupped her face and murmured, "Always trying to do everything yourself."

A women doctor burst through the room and immediately went to Aurora, completely ignoring the writhing, groaning ex-captain on the floor. A handful of security guys crowded in and picked him up, being none too gentle. It seemed he didn't have many friends here. Hell, no one had even asked what happened. Michael supposed the rest of the crew thought him sketchy too.

Aurora wouldn't let go of Michael the entire time people were coming in and out. The doctor just smiled and continued her examination. The ex-captain was hauled off to the brig, the doctor saying she'd get to him when she had time. It was decided that the second mate, now the first mate, could take over for tomorrow and would let the watch stander know. Aurora didn't want to be alone that night and Michael took her in his arms easily, quite a feat for anyone watching considering she was as tall as Michael, and Kat led the way back to their apartment. 

As they walked up the stairs to get to the top deck, they didn't see the two pairs of eyes staring at them from across the open deck, behind netting in a darkened corner. Pandora did though, and highlighted them in red for both Michael and Kat. They turned their heads as one to look straight at the crouching Japanese twins, drawing a gasp and a curse, and continued their ascent to their room.

* * * * *

"That was seriously scary, sis!" Aki exclaimed. "There's no way they should have been able to see us."

Rin remained quiet, going over the implications. She'd searched for them in the passenger list manifest which usually had passport pictures of all the guests and had come up blank. The cameras in the ship didn't seem to have captured them at all; it was like they were ghosts. 

Then, she looked for those cabins that were occupied and didn't have pictures attached to them. The Royal Suite showed a picture of an older lady and a portly gentleman, but Aki had been certain that when they first started searching, that cabin hadn't had a photo. It was like something had recognized what they were searching for and adapted to the change. The thought ran a chill down her spine.

Now, after hearing of a disturbance on the security frequency they'd broken into, they'd gone to investigate and who should show up but the two in question themselves. Now they knew the two were holed up in the Royal Suite, but they still didn't know anything about them. Where did they come from, how could they afford the Royal Suite (because Rin 'knew' it was too high profile to trick the system- that's why they had chosen a modest cabin), and if they recognized them from Osaka, would they turn them into their father?

Rin grabbed Aki's hand and led them back to their room. They wouldn't be able to get to the suite without going past the steward and there was still that blonde woman as an unknown variable. Whatever they were going to do it would have to wait until tomorrow. But it 'would' happen tomorrow she promised herself, whatever security they were running was just too frightening to ignore.

* * * * *

By the time the trio had reached the room, Aurora had calmed down a bit and began feeling embarrassed about being held. As he set her down on the balcony couch she whispered, "Thank you, master."

"Shh, none of that," Michael told her. "It might help you forget about what almost happened tonight, but it won't let you confront it and move on." He helped her get out of her clothes and helped her into the hot tub to soak. 

Kat, knowing instinctively what Michael wanted, retrieved the foldout massage table and began setting it up on the balcony, the cool night ocean breeze and moonlight creating an ambience that scented candles and cheesy music would never achieve. She and Michael had been taking couples' massage classes since they came onboard and were becoming fairly adept at it. Michael was a natural and his fingers felt 'so' good that for a fleeting moment, Kat felt envious of Aurora.

All three of them were naked and sitting in the hot tub, looking up at the stars, talking about home, funny stories they knew, and what Aurora's duties would be as a captain. When Michael felt her muscles had relaxed enough he motioned her to the table. 

Lying down on her stomach, Aurora felt warming oils coat her body. Then Michael started in on her neck and shoulders, alternating between hard and soft techniques, while Kat massaged her feet and lower legs. When Michael started in on her lower back, Kat coated her breasts with oil. She then mounted the table and proceeded to rub her slippery orbs along Aurora's ass and thighs. 

Aurora moaned and started getting wet from the treatment she was receiving. Michael told her to roll over and leaned down for a sweet, tantalizing kiss. Kat, still straddling her prey, moved up until she lay above Aurora's waist, tits to tits. She took over the job of kissing her, squirming against the woman and squeezing their boobs together. Michael walked around to the foot of the table and leaned over it, lowering his mouth to her leaking cunt. 

The couple pleasured Aurora through multiple climaxes until, when the exhaustion and relaxed atmosphere finally caught up to her, she fell asleep. Michael moved her to their bed and they slept on either side of her, filling her subconscious with warm, safe thoughts.

Michael and Kat woke early the next morning and left Aurora to sleep. A quick walk led to the Sports Deck which housed an open track, the center of which became the couple's sparring area. As they were walking, Pandora created a small window in their range of view which showed Aki, yawning sleepily, and Rin, looking determined. They were following the couple a ways back, having woken up early to make sure they didn't miss Michael and Kat leaving somewhere (some of those shore excursions started at an ungodly 7 a.m).

The couple waited for the twins to appear, standing at ease in the area they usually sparred in. The twins had spotted them and were wondering what they were doing when it became apparent they were waiting for them. Nervously, the two approached the standing couple.
