 It was the winter season and she had saught out the rural outbacks beyond the cityscapes,  the snow was part of her ancestory and she belonged home in it. Now large paws silently trod the whiteblanketed ground as the ruddishbrown wolf trotted along an old track in search for food. Ahead, a young man, dressed warmly in winterwear, walks through the woods grumbling to himself about being in such cold weather, but he stilled his complaints when he remembered that the spirits had given him a quest and that it was his choice that he had listened.

Hunger gnarled in his stomach and he instinctively dug his hands into the depth of his pockets, rummaging around for anything edible, and came up with yesterdays cold hamburger still in it's wrapping. Ken shrugged, knowing that it wasn't the diet he was supposed to follow, but food was food and right now he was hungry, needing the extra carbohydrates out in the winterchill. Searching, he zig-zagged across the path he was upon, obviously searching for something of importance, though it was quite apparrent that he didn't frequent the woodlands very often.

A moment, the wolf paused, she thought she heard something  and she knew it wasn't an animal. Lifting her nose to the chilled air, she sniffed. and got a whaff of someone's burger in it, which made her snarl slightly in annoyance. After a few bites of the cold hamburger Ken pocketed the wrapper and pulled his mitten back on with another sigh.  Maybe if he tried, he thought with a new sigh whilst brushing away the snow on a nearby log, and sat down to rest, whilst his eyes gaze out into the white covering the forest. 

With a human in the woods it meant no hunting for her part, the prey would have run off a miles way already now with the man scent lingering, and she growled low in irritation of the matter, seeking out the burger trail and crept slowly down the path where the man thing was sitting. Quietly she stalked him, big paws treading the snow ever so silently until she got up close enough to view his handsome features peeking out from underneath his furlined hood, dark skin speaking of heritage in warmer climates.

Ken stretched and blinked back into reality, deciding it would do him no good sitting like this and without noticing his stalker yet, he stood up and yawned. He was near, he was sure of that, but all these white hills looked so much alike, and began walking down the path again.

A few yards behind the young man the wolf snapped together her jowels in annoyance. Damn! And she continued to follow him whilst he began to sing ever so softly to pass the time, not quite bad either for that matter. His words were in some strange language that she soon recognized as greek, a soothing tune that almost carried itself across the blanketed scape of the winter woods. But she soon tired of it and made a break behind him somewheres and doublecutted him ahead, now re-appearing on the path a few yards in front of him.

The young man paused in surprise and studied the body language of the creature before him, steeling himself to be ready as if needed to defend himself. "Hello?" Feral lips curled slight, she was still annoyed of his ridicolous manscent scaring away her kills. At least she had something else to kill even if she wasn't going to be able to eat all of him in one go. He frowned whilst keeping a wreary eye upon her and spoke in a soothing voice "I don't know if you understand me but I can't let you hurt me. I am sorry."  

Low the wolf snarled, -"and why can't I hurt you when you've scared away my meal of the day, you pathetic piece of shit!"-He tried to understand her growls, but unfortunately he wasn't very educated on wolfspeak and continued in his soft voice, "I don't understand you well in this form. I am sorry," thinking that if the creature understood him his conclusion would be that it was either a very intelligent wolfkin or at least a Garou. "I am Ken, Kinfolk."

She snorted, -"you mean you're breeding stock, but the question is are you the muscle of muscles to sedate a female enough..?"- slowly advancing him with a quite hostile body language. He considered in silence and wasn't sure if he should try and fight or not, noting how hungry she seemed to be and decided to try get away instead. There was no way that he wanted to end up as a meal in her stomach and focused on using his telekinectics, seeking to lift the oncoming creature gently and move her back away from him through the air.

Angrily the wolf snapped her jowels, froth spitting onto the ground, -"let me DOWN!"- of which he did but only when she was as far away as he wanted her to be so she wouldn't be able to jump him before he could grab at her again with his Gift. Once she was down safely, he attempted to try read the thoughts in the surface of her mind, to get a better chance of surviving the haughty looking creature before him.

-Okies, she didn't get any hunting done due to this utmost stupid kin who came into the forest with his scent and scared them off, and now she couldn't even get close to him because he was some kind of mage??- She growled, unhappy at state and narrowed her dark amber eyes on him, sitting squat on the ground where he landed her. Softly Ken spoke again "I have a few small things Gaia has given me, I don't use them save in self defense,"  trying to be as soothing as he can and says "If you would talk with me I would really like it." 

-But then again, how often did a kinfolk come her way. Stupid or not,  she might as well take advantage of the moment- she thought and rose again, venturing  a now more cautious approach to him. Quietly he watched her, feeling a little unsure of her intentions since her thoughts were quick like lightning, yet he kneeled slowly to the cold ground, to be more closer to her level, more submissive.

She had the aire of the higher authority, scars marked her flanks and an odd marking or two were etched to the hide where fur was missing, and she circled him slowly, sniffing him out, poking her wet nose into obscene places. He lets her, taking the treatement fine. He had no unusual scents and offered her his hand, asking to touch her and be allowed to stroke her fur.

She hadn't accepted him fully yet. A curled lip and a soft snarl showed that, yet she showed curiousity and shoved her scarred maw up into his face, disregarding if she let him get frosted from the snow in her face, making him blink and cause a smile. His handsome face a recognisable one if only the wolf had frequented the citylands, but then again, she did not. And he thrust forward his throat in a submitting mannerism for acceptance.

For the moment she ignored the  gesture of the throat offering and circled around him again, shifting into her more homid form and grabbed him by the chin, from behind to force him onto the ground, eyeing him scrutinizingly. "So you're kin huh?" She got him by surprise and now he looked up wide-eyed at the female, who was a proud sixfoot, appearing to be her late twenties, darkred hair flowed down her shoulders like a liquidfire, strong high cheekbones in her face, eyes a dark-amber. Her limbs were strong and muscular after years of constant hardships of work and all in all she wore nothing but clothes of buckskin in this chilled climate. "Yes.. I am Black Fury Kin," he spoke whilst she had a grip on his chin.

"A bit skinny for a Fury aren't you?" her voice heavy with norse accented. He blinked, "I am not sure what you mean.  But I grew up in Haiwaii," he said. She coughed slight, "Uhh.. ohkies.. and I grew up in Timbuktu..  what's a kin  doing out here in the outbacks of Chicago?" He turned his head to look at her, "The spirits guided me.  I am on a quest."

Quirking a brow, "Out here? in the midset of winter? Geee! I dont suppose that you step sideways too huh?" she asked in disbelief. "When the spirits let me, yes. It's very rare, I have to have a very good reason," he said whilst blinking up at the redhaired female. 

"Too bad then, you'll just have to suffice with the chill of my lair then," she smirked.

He blinked "Chill?" not quite following her thoughts.

"Well.. cold lair then, icebox if you prefer to call it that.." she shrugged "get up from the ground. I might as well go hungry today but that means that you'd have to fill my hunger in a different way." He stood up, "Um, I have some snacks," in hope that they would replace her thought of food and blushed just a bit when he realizes what she had meant.

She shook her head, "Snacks are for city folks, you want to feed me with food then it's got to be bloody and raw. My main diet for the past ten years. That stuff only gets my belly in a cramp." He smiled, "What if I hunted for you. Provided for you?"

Bluntly she turned his offer down, "No. I want you to heat up my bed and fuck me randy. It's been a few years since I've had a ...breeder within my reach," she said with a sultry touch to her tongue. Of which, Ken blushed more of her straight forwardness, "I could do both for you," he spoke softly whilst allowing his gaze roam over her frame. She was a bit ragged, but he was beginning to like her features - a kind of wild beauty.

On that point she was determined, "I -will- hunt. Never ever take that right away from me.. is that understood.. manfolk?" He nods, not quite understanding then realizing she probably wasn't wolf born but a feral human born.  She had her Fenris demeanor, "As a kin, for my people, you are to be bred and breed.. nothing else.. you keep the bed and hearth warm.. but the food.. I hunt.."

Again he blinked from her words and nodded, but he did wonder about his quest, "Alright, but what of the thing I seek?" 

She eyed him, "The spirits will allow you a few weeks in my lodging until the winter is over, I can hardly   accept you to go trudging in the blizzard that will soon come.. and find you frozen to ice and have the spirits scorn me for sending you out to death." This didn't sound too bad at all he thought and nodded, "Lead and I will follow."

Nodding, she lead the way through the denser part of the forest, many tracks they trod through thick blankets of snow until they came to what looked like a rockside, but she brushed a small fir to the side, and gestured him into the cave that was hidden behind. Well inside Ken glanced about in the dimlighting noting that the cave was sparsely furnitured, mainly being embolstered with furs and animal hides up the walls and floors.. something ahead looked like a primative bed of furs and a small groping in the rock that was filled with sand and had larger stones around it sufficed as a firehearth. A few hidebags hung up on the wall from some ledge, filled or half full.. and fingerpaintings of a dark colour, assumingly from blood were along the doorwell and around it in glyphs.

He was searching for a woodpile and found it in the far corner, enough wood for a few weeks or more and busily set himself to build up a fire the first thing he did whilst she moved in through the passage. She was used to the wintery climate, the chill of her lair hardly effected her but she did like to observe the newcomer as he shed his parkas and mitts to work on getting the fire lit and mused a small smile as she learned to encounter his wiry body that was pretty obvious under the soft flannel shirt he was wearing.

A few moments more and she licked her lips behind him where she stood in the cave mouth. A simple pull of a string and she dropped her buckskins to the hidecovered floors whilst he struck a match and finally got the flames to eat at the wood in the hearth, turning around to smile at her and blinked in astonishment at her full nudity. 

She had the battlescars of the old ways, where they healed the wounds with something burning hot, but she didn't seem to be bothered by them and slowly approached him, beckoning to him to meet her halfway with the curl of her finger. He stepped closer, not needing his powers to know what she wanted and with an aroused shivering he began to shed his clothing to expose his perfect toned body of an adonis to her gaze.

With the observant eye she studied his features, approving with a nod, and waited until he was up close to her. Upon which he dropped his long johns, his proud erectile member sprang free from it's confinement and it sways in the cold air, hardening slowly at the sight of this amazon woman in front of him.

-If he is welltrained as a Fury kin then he would know what commands he gave him- she thought, and lowered her hand down to the ground, wanting him to kneel in front of her. When he followed the gesture without asking she gave a slight smile of approval, and slowly trailed her indexfinger down her flat scarred stomach to the surprisingly neat and trimmed red bush of her pubic hair, "What did your folk teach you when you see a female do this?" He murmured softly "To please her with my mouth.."

She nodded, splaying her lips with her fingers, something glistening inside. A ring of white gold. A piercing.Without hesitation, Ken leaned forward and sensually caressed her sex with his lips whilst his tongue darted out and lapped at her slit, adding a little more pressure with each lick, savouring her musk. The ring he tugged upon whilst his hands slide up her strong-toned thighs and stroked them in admiration of the female body. His tongue playing with her clit and alternated to suck and tug on the metal.

A slight quivering and she bucked her mound to his face with a low growl. He purred, not letting her escape and took her clit between his teeth, chewing it gently as his tongue played with the ring, a finger probing up into her. 

Obviously she like that, a hand weaving into his hair of which she pushed forward his face more into her thawed snatch.

Roughly he suckled her, having heard that the Get women like it rough and hard and he will give it to her if thats what she likes. Biting her harder to push her limits in attempt to make her lose control, whilst he fed two fingers into her fuckhole, pressing in and out rapidly.

Now she purred, bucking her hips towards him with a low snarling growl.. feral. In return, Ken used all his skill to bring her to the edge and then hold her there, not quite letting her go over it. Teasingly, he chose to torment her by not caressing her G spot at the right moment and let her climax build to it's highest peak. 

Ken fingered her deep and hard into her incredible tight snatch, allowing it to suck greedily on his fingers and then pushed her into the home stretch whilst sucking, fingering, biting her hard making the sensations wild. Her strong toned frame quivered in pleasure and she hissed through her teeth whilst she held his head in a very tight grip. He moved his lips down to kiss her slit deep, fingers replaced by his tongue licking up every drop of her lovejuice that he could get, while he pinched and rolled her clit roughly.

He had her to the limit where she did quake above him, rutting her ips towards his face. "Yes," he moaned, greedily drinking her with his tongue darting in and out from her sopping honeywell whilst still tugging on her ring. She groaned and ground her snatch to him, until she was quite sure that he had drunken her dry for this time, and lightly pushed him away, if only to see him licking his face and fingers clean with a greedy look on his face.

Glancing down she eyed his hard-on and nodded, "We'll have to do something about that dong of yours.. you like riding the wolf?" He looked up at her, "I will please you any way you want," already desiring her. "Well, we'll see what you're made out of, if they taught you well," she nodded and sank down on the bedfurs on all fours, "I like to be taken rough.. give me all you've got.. boy." He slipped up behind her and reached to grip her hair, using it as a handhold and guides his ready cock to her slit. Pressing it in slowly, Ken groaned under his breath, "Your so tight and good.." getting enough in to take her hard.  His other hand grasping one of her breasts and pinching the nipple roughly as he began to screw her.

Quivering, she emitted a low feral growl, taking him in deep and already bucked her firm ass towards his hips, a hunger that was going to be hard to sedate in a mere night.

Without warning, he pounded his hard hips against hers and snarls in passion whilst pulling her head back and biting her neck and shoulders roughly.  Fucking her with a savage fury. She matched his passion and slammed back to him, enjoying greatly the smacking of flesh echoing in the cave. He releases her breast and reached back his hand slapping into her ass and squeezng it, riding the bitch hard and deep, quite loving the feel of her.

Being spurred on she made use of her strong thighs and empowered back into him in circular motions, thus getting into all crooks and crannies of her motherhood of which made her purr lustfully with irregular breathings. His hips grind with hers, archingn to where he had noticed her G spot was and rubbed against it with each thrust, growling hotly, "Yes..Cum.." smacking her ass again. She changed the rythym again, alternating with another swing of her hot ass spurring against him and growled a cry for each handprinting he gave her flank. 

He shifted with her, matching her, doing his level best to drive her into a wild fury of lust.  Releasing her hair, Ken bit the back of her neck and cupped a breast, pinching it roughly whilst his other hand was busy in rubbing her swollen clit and tugging on the piercing. Somewhere there in the midst of the mauling and manhandling she gave a snarl and shuddered into a convulsion that then never seemed to stop, squeezing his rampant tool like a viscious vice, and howled out her esctasy.

Never the less, he kept taking her hard and deep, riding her through the orgasm and pushed her another, over and over again.  His hands rough and hard, using her roughly. She came about two-three times more, breathing irregulary through flared nostrils whilst her body gleamed with sweat in the flickering from the flames in the hearth and finally she sank down on the furs yet with her ass very accessive to him. he wanted more of this fine woman and her ass gave him a new idea. Thus, he grasped her hips in his hands and caressed it, burning anther imprint of his palm on her reddened buttock whilst he continued to saw in and out of her tight lovehole in a slower yet deep rythym. His gaze falls onto the wrinkle of her anus and he explored it with the tip of a finger, waiting to see if she would react to it.

Low she growled into the furs, but it wasn't of the aggressive type.. fact was she loved being assfucked, her hips moving slight to the probing. He liked this bitch! Oh yes! And he slicked his finger  in her lovejuices that trickled down her inner thighs and gently pushed it deep into her anal rectum until he reached his knuckle. Then he began to slowly fuck her again with his finger deeply embedded in her behind, rotating it, feeling around to make it more pleasurable for her whilst hissing under his breath, "So goood.."

Yet she wasn't quite satified with just his finger and she rose on her elbows, reaching one arm in under herself where she 'forked' her fingers on either side of his slippery cock and prevented him from going in any further, seething a word through clenched teeth, "Assss!!"

Pulling back his member from her snatch, Ken obeyed and drove his cock into her ass with a groan of pleasure at how tight she was and growled low to her, "Like it in the ass?" whilst reaching down to grasp her hair again and held her tight in his grip as he began to fuck her hard again without waiting for her to adjust to his size and girth. She loved it when the male gender punished her in the ass, as she did now, her growls becoming feral snarls and she bucked back at him with hungered thrusts.

Raking his nails down her back, he really began to be srious about screwing this one hot bitch beneath him and she shuddered and shook, her hands swinging back as she grappled for his sides, keeping him stuck to her backside, yet enough to friction his hips to her hot ass. Hungered he slammed more into her depths and leaned down, biting her shoulders like a male wolf would have done and growled into her ear his lust and passion for her.
