 I suggest reading part one before you read part 2 because it explains some things. Have fun, and feedback is appreciated.

*****

S.T.A.R Labs was destroyed after the particle accelerator explosion, and had been declared a hazardous location. The building was in poor condition, wrecked from the tragedy, and this is where Barry Allen was taken to.

It was midnight and no one was in the lab except for a brown haired woman. Her name was Caitlin Snow, and she had chosen to take the Shift to watch Barry.

In the lab, Caitlin's clothes were sprawled out on the floor. Her tit's were hanging out, perky and well rounded, but not particularly large. It was the third time Caitlin was doing this but she couldn't help herself. 

Caitlin walked over to Barry's unconscious body, and pulled his pants down a little bit to reveal his limp cock. She found out recently that if she rubbed it against her cunt for a little, the lightning in his body would excite his member. She also realized that Barry's cock was huge, large enough to reach her cervix and still have some extra length.

Barry's cock reached it's full size, and greedily Caitlin quickly slid it inside of her pussy, which was already dripping. Her horny self began to ride Barry's cock, slowly at first but quickening so that she could reach her climax. The lighting in Barry's body vibrated his cock, and Caitlin was gasping and moaning rapidly as the cock rapidly vibrated inside her.

She felt his cock hitting her cervix, and she tried to go as fast as she could, fucking Barry as hard as possible. Her tits were bouncing up and down, and she used her left hand to massage it, her fingers pinching her pink nipples. 

Caitlin felt her pussy dripping more, and knew she was nearing an orgasm. Ecstasy filled her body and her shaved pussy released a sweet juice all over the lab.

Caitlin, sweating, got off of Barry's cock, which was still hard and hadn't reached it's climax yet. Caitlin stared at it, and then at Barry's sack, and she had a feeling Barry would have loads of cum in him. She hadn't made Barry cum yet, and she was curious as to how much he had in him.

She placed her mouth on Barry's cock, and brought it all the way to the back of her throat, half of the cock still uncovered. 

She rapidly slid Barry's cock in and out of her mouth, licking his shaft and savoring the taste. She began to rub too, greedily waiting for his cum to leave his cock and enter her mouth. 

Minutes past, and Caitlin was getting impatient. Her arm was sore and she was rubbing as fast as she could. Eventually, she felt a movement in his cock and angled his hard member towards her.

The white liquid left Barry's shaft, and made its way towards Caitlin. The first shot she was ready for and stuck her tongue out, letting the cum land on it, and she quickly guzzled it and moaned with pleasure at the taste. More cum came out of his cock, though, and Caitlin was unprepared. The cum landed all over her as she stumbled back, splattering over her chest, stomach, and pussy. 

Caitlin crawled towards Barry's bed, feeling cum falling on her back and put more in her mouth. Months of never jizzing meant he had a lot of cum he needed to get rid of. More and more came out, a seemingly endless dream and Caitlin's top half was almost completely covered.

Eventually the stream subsided, and Caitlin began to lick the cum off of herself, using her fingers to bring the liquid to her.

She licked her tits clean of the cum before using her finger to collect the cum around her navel, and then the cum around her pussy. 

Finally she had managed to swallow all the cum, the beautiful taste left over in her mouth, and some cum in places her tongue couldn't reach. She cleaned up the rest of the lab that was covered in her pussy juice.

She put Barry's pants back on and his cock was soft again. She double checked the lab to make sure it was clean before going back to sleep.

Some time passed, and it was nine months since Barry had been struck by the lightning bolt.

"What are you doing?" Caitlin asked a hispanic man with long hair standing next to her. 

He was playing some Poker Face by Lady Gaga. "He likes this song," The man defended himself. 

"How could you possible know that?" Caitlin accused. Both of them were leaning over Barry's body as Barry was gaining consciousness. Caitlin remembered Barry's cock and her pussy dripped a little in her panties but she pushed the feeling away. 

"I checked his facebook page. I mean, he can hear everything, right?" The man, whose name was Cisco, took a bite out of his food."

Caitlin looked guilty as she nodded. She realized Barry must have heard her using him as a sex toy, and wondered if he would remember her voice. "Auditory functions are the last sensory faculties to degenerate." She admitted.

Cisco walked away from Barry's bed, singing "Can't read my No, he can't read my poker face.."

Barry woke up, gasping. There were cords attached to him, and he was shirtless, his six pack showing. "Where am I?" He asked, looking around to see beakers, tools, and books around him in a room with white walls. There were many computers, and it looked very serious and hi-tech.

"Woah!" Cisco shouted, surprised by Barry's sudden awakening. 

"He's up," Caitlin said, as she moved to check Barry's monitor.

"Dr. Wells, get down to the Cortex now," Cisco quickly spoke into a walkie talkie. 

"BP 170 over 110, pulse 120. Pupils equally reactive to light," Caitlin was saying as she flashed a flashlight into Barry's eyes. Barry looked away, struggling to keep the light out of his eyes. He was still confused. "Look at me, Look at me," Caitlin commanded.

"Hey, hey! Woah, woah, relax. Everything's okay man, you're at S.T.A.R. Labs," Cisco walked over to Barry, holding him down as he attempted to get out of the bed. 

"S.T.A.R. Labs? Who are you?" Barry asked, looking at Cisco.

"I'm Cisco Ramon, She's Caitlin - Dr. Snow." Cisco looked over to Caitlin. Barry followed his eyes, and he looked at Caitlin and thought he recognized her voice. He felt something stirring in his pants but he dismissed it.

"I need you to urinate in this," Caitlyn said, trying to sound confident but nervous due to what she had done earlier.

"Not this second!" Cisco exclaimed. 

"What is happening? What is going on?" Barry asked, pushing Caitlin and Cisco away from him.

"You were struck by lightning, dude," Cisco told him. 

"What?" Barry gasped. He turned around to look into a mirror. He saw that he had a six pack. "Lightning gave me abs?" He asked.

"Your muscles should be atrophied..." Caitlin rushed over to him, still turned on by Barry's abs. "...but instead they're in a chronic state and unexplained state of cellular regeneration.

"Come here, have a seat," Cisco pulled Barry back to the bed. "You were in a coma," Cisco told him, only to be greeted by a confused expression.

"What? For how long?" Barry asked, concerned.

"Nine months," Another voice came out. It was Harrison Wells, in a wheelchair this time and not walking. He wheeled into the room. "Welcome back Mr. Allen. We have a lot to discuss."

Barry and Wells began to take a walk, or, well, a wheel and a walk. "It's hard to believe I'm here. I've always wanted to meet you face-to-face," Barry admitted. 

"Yeah? Well, you certainly went to great lengths to do it. S.T.A.R. Labs had not been operational since FEMA categorized us as a Class 4 hazardous location," Wells sighed. Barry and Wells passed a cage with the tag Grodd onto it before Wells continued. The cage was empty. "Seventeen people died that night, many more injured, myself amongst them."

Barry and Wells arrive on a balcony overlooking the particle accelerator. The tube where the particles were released was destroyed, wreckage littering the ground. "Jesus," Barry exhaled as he leaned over the railing to get a better look. "What happened?"  

"Nine months ago, the particle accelerator went online exactly as planned," Wells began to explain. "For forty-five minutes, I had achieved my life's dream. And then...then there was an anomaly. The electron volts became unmeasurable, the rings under us just popped. Energy from that detonation was thrown into the sky and that, in turn, seeded a storm cloud-"

"That created a lightning bolt that struck me," Barry finished. 

"That's right," Wells nodded. Barry gulped, still gaping at the destroyed accelerator. "I was recovering myself when I heard about you," Wells continued. "The hospital was undergoing unexplainable power outages every time you were going into cardiac arrest, which was actually a misdiagnosis because, you see, you weren't flatlining Barry; your heartbeat was moving too fast for the EKG to register it. 

Wells and Barry returned back to the lab. "Now, I'm not the most popular person in town these days but Detective West and his daughter gave me permission to bring you here," Wells was referring to Joe and Iris. "We were able to stabilize you."

"Iris?" Barry asked.

"Iris, yes," Wells nodded. "She came to see you quite often."

"She talks a lot," Caitlin added as she walked up to bring coffee to Wells.

"Also, she's hot," Cisco smiled like a teenager who just saw a hot girl. 

"I need to go," Barry suddenly said, beginning to walk out of the lab. 

"No. You can't!" Caitlin shouted after him. 

"No, Caitlin's right. Now that you're awake, we need to do tests. You're still going through changes. There's so much we don't know," Wells explained his reasoning to Barry as Barry stopped in the doorway.

"I'm fine, really. I feel normal. Thank you for saving my life," Barry began to run out of the room. 

"Really?" Caitlin asked after he left.

Barry returned back to the lab to ask one more question. "Can I keep this sweatshirt?" He pointed to the S.T.A.R Labs sweatshirt he was wearing.

"Yeah, keep the sweatshirt," Wells said looking disappointed. 

"Okay," Barry said before running out again. 

Barry made his way towards Jitters, the coffee shop where Iris worked. Iris was wearing a blue long sleeve shirt that was decently low cut. She was pouring coffee into a woman when she looked up and saw Barry by the door, about to walk in. 

Barry entered, seeing Iris and smiling, walking towards her. He looked at the cleavage, her gold heart shaped amulet resting in between her large, coffee colored breasts before looking back at her beautiful brown eyes again. 

"Oh my god," Iris whispered, walking briskly towards Barry. She broke into a run and hugged Barry. Barry hugged her back, holding her close and he could feel her breasts against his chest, and he felt her nipples pushed against him. "You're awake!" Iris exclaimed after breaking off the hug. "Why didn't S.T.A.R. Labs call us?"

"I just woke up," Barry explained, excited. 

"Should you even be on your feet?" Iris asked, concerned. 

"Iris, I'm," Barry smiled trying to contain his happiness. "I'm okay."

"I watched you die, Barry," Iris's expression turned grim. "You kept dying, your heart kept stopping."

Barry put his hand to his chest. "It's still beating," He said, smiling. 

"It feels really fast," Iris placed her hand to his chest too. Then, suddenly, a waitress bumped into a customer and dropped her tray of coffee. Barry saw it, and time seemed to slow down. The coffee hit the ground, the cups breaking. 

"Are you okay Tracy?" Iris asked.

"Yeah, I got it," She replied and Barry could do nothing but notice that Tracy's shirt was very loose and was hanging down low. She was wearing no bra and he could see her pink nipples out in the open. 

"My dad is going to be so happy to see you," Iris turned back to Barry, who was still confused as to how he saw that event happen so slowly. He felt as if he had time to run to the cups and stop them from falling. "Let me get my stuff, okay? I'll be right back." Iris rushed off to get her stuff. 

Over at a bank, a man walked up to a bank teller. "How can I help you today?" The bank teller asked. The man handed a note to the woman. "This is a robbery." She read out. "Is this supposed to be a joke?"

"You tell me," the man looked up so that the woman could see his face. It was Clyde Mardon. Clyde took a couple steps back, before raising his hands and mist curled out of him. People began to panic and scream.

At the police precinct, Barry was saying hello to Joe. "Oh you scared the hell out of us, kid," Joe said as he hugged Barry. 

"Yup, that was quite the nap you took there babyface," A cop walked up to Barry, greeting him. "And you still look 12." The cop laughed, Joe and Iris did too. 

"You look okay. Are you really?" Joe asked Barry,m placing a hand on his shoulder. 

"Yeah," Barry nodded.

They were interrupted by another cop who said "Detective West, we got a 550 in progress at Gold City Bank. Two dead. Storm's picking up on the south side. I'd grab rain gear."

"Sorry, I gotta run," Joe said as he began to prepare himself. 

"Do you need my help?" Barry asked Joe.

"No, you take it easy. There'll be plenty for you to do once you settle in," Joe pointed at Barry. He then called out over his shoulder "let's go partner!" His new partner was Detective Eddie Thawne, since Chyre, his old partner had died. 

"Hey Allen, glad to see you," Eddie said as he pulled on his jacket. 

"Thanks Eddie," Barry smiled.

"Hey, Iris," Eddie looked over to Iris.

"Detective, you should go. My dad doesn't like to be kept waiting." She said, looking away, mainly because she didn't want anyone to think she was dating Eddie when she really was. 

"Glad you're back," Eddie patted Barry on the shoulder and then walked past Iris. Since no one was looking, Eddie snuck in a squeeze of Iris's breast, and Iris had the same idea to brush her hand over his pants. Iris remembered the times she had sex with Eddie, and how good he was and her panties got a little bit damp. 

Barry looked around the precinct to see what he missed when he saw the memorial to Chyre. He got closer to it to see a picture of Chyre and a plaque saying "Never Forgotten."

"The night of the explosion, Clyde Mardon shot Chyre," Iris explained, noticing his interest in the memorial. "Mardon and his brother died escaping. Their plane crashed," Iris said confidently, although she didn't know since the bodies were never found. 

"Iris, got a minute?" The cop who called Barry babyface called for Iris.

"Hey Barry, it's good to see you," Another officer greeted Barry. He was processing a prisoner. The prisoner saw that the cop was distracted and reached for his gun. Barry ran over to him, punching him and knocking the gun out of his hand before running back to where he was before, all in the blink of an eye.

"Screw you!" The criminal shouted in the air, and the cops grabbed him even though they weren't sure of what just happened. 

"You okay?" Iris asked as she saw how dazed Barry was. 

"Uh, I'm fine. I just need some air," Barry lied. "I'll call you tonight, all right?" Barry didn't wait for an answer and rushed past her to leave. Iris looked at him as he was leaving, wondering what had gotten into Barry.

Barry exited the precinct, rubbing his hands together as he met the cold air. He looked around to make sure no one else was around, and felt his hand vibrating to warm up. It was vibrating much faster than possible. "What's happening to me!" He muttered, shocked. 

Barry looked up, scared before running to the wall, resting himself against the wall. He looked around, this time running into a cop car and breaking the window, the alarm going off. He got up and walked backwards, looking around once again. He was panting. 

He then saw that the alley he was in was straight for a while, and he smiled before breaking off into a sprint. He was screaming as he ran, partially from fear and partially from joy, before he ran right into the back of a laundry van. He didn't feel pain though, since he felt as if he was running normal speed and time had slowed down, but the truck had moved a couple inches due to his force. 

The laundry van driver looked into the back of the van, confused to see Barry in a pile of laundry bags. "Awesome," Barry whispered, a grin on his face. 

"The hell," The laundry man whispered. 

Barry met with the S.T.A.R. Labs team to discuss this anomaly. They went to Ferris Air, an abandoned airplane testing facility to try it out. 

"You don't believe he can run that fast, do you?" Caitlin asked Wells as they sat outside their S.T.A.R. Labs truck under a blue tarp.

"Well, I believe anything is possible, and in a few minutes maybe you will too," Wells replied as he was perched on his wheelchair in front of his computer.

"How does it fit?" Cisco called out to Barry who was putting on a suit in the truck. Barry walked out and replied "It's a little snug," as he was wearing a gymnast suit and a helmet as well as elbow and knee pads. Caitlin looked at him and saw that there was a faint impression for his cock, and she once again remembered her first encounters with Barry, and how much cum he released and her pussy leaked a little thinking about it. 

"At least you'll be moving so fast, no one will see you," Cisco stifled a laugh. "See, you thought the world was slowing down. It wasn't. You were moving so fast, it only looked like everyone else was standing still," Cisco pointed to Wells and Caitlin who were set up at their computers. "Dr. Wells will be monitoring your energy output, and Caitlin your vitals."

"What do you do?" Barry asked Cisco.

"I make the toys, man," Cisco responded, smiling and he grabbed something out of his pocket. "Check it. This is a two-way headset with a camera I modified, typically designed to combat battlefield impulse noise, or in your case, potential sonic booms." Cisco held up a black disk with a lightning bolt attached to it. "Which would be awesome." Cisco took Barry's helmet and started to attach the headset to it.

Caitlin started to walk over to Barry, and Barry once again felt something like there was something he knew about Caitlin that was a secret, but couldn't put his finger on it. "What?" Caitlin asked as she began programming something into Barry's belt. She was trying her hardest not to look at his crotch. 

"Nothing," Barry replied. "I just notice you don't smile too much," He said, looking at her face and quickly glancing at her breasts, which were reasonably nice. 

"My once promising career in bioengineering is over," Caitlin began. "My boss is in a wheelchair for life. The explosion that put you in a coma also killed my fiancé. So this blank expression kind of feels like the way to go," Caitlin didn't mention that she also was embarrassed for using Barry's cock.

"Mr. Allen, while I am extremely eager to determine your full range of abilities, I do caution restraint," Wells warned Barry. 

"Yeah," Barry nodded. He placed his helmet up and went to the starting position. He breathed in deeply and behind him Cisco was holding a speed gun. He inhaled and sped off, the wind he released blowing the tarp back, knocking Cisco over, and pushing Wells's wheelchair back. Cisco laughed as he saw Barry rushing away. 

Barry dashed across the runway, leaving a trail of dust in his wake and everyone stared at what he left behind. 

"Whoo-hoo!" Barry shouted in excitement.

"He just passed 200 knots per hour," Cisco shouted excitedly. 

Caitlin stared at Barry's running, his abilities turning her on and she remembered how fast his cock was vibrated when she fucked him. "It's not possible," Caitlin said uncertainly. 

Wells only looked up and smiled. 

As Barry was running, he remembered back to when he saw her mother being murdered. There was red and yellow lightning circling her, and he saw a man in yellow, and Barry lost focus, running into the water barrels that were placed there to stop him. 
