 So Shazelle and I woke up and I put a huge kiss on her. She shot up like a lightening bolt and demanded “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”

“Uh. . . kissing you?” Okay, I’m a dumb fuck.

Shazelle huffed “I knew things would get weird.”

“What do you mean?”

“Look, we were just getting warm last night, k?”

Uh, that settles that, then.

Now, I’m told that while Shazelle and I were having an in-depth conversation about how we were “just friends,” there was some important shit going on with that Lord Carverton fuck. Now this fucker was a fat, hairy, foul-mouthed cretin who liked to burp and fart a lot. You know, he was a lot like me, only skinny.

“Son,” Carverton said as he threw his free hand around his 18 year old heir and took a huge bit out of the Neanderthal club sized turkey drumstick in the other “Son, your mother raised you with tenderness, love, and care.”

“Uh huh” young Prince Bruce preened.

“And do you know what you’ve become?”

“What?”

“A fucking homosexual! But that’s okay, son. It’s your dyke mother’s fault. All the same, though, I can’t have my kingdom run by a pathetic fruit-boy like yourself.”

“So, father, you’ll finally let me dedicate my life to the interior decorating guilds?”

“Hell no!” Carverton said, hurling his half-eaten drumstick to the midgets following him. “Ha, I love having midgets to clean up after me!”

The midgets glared at him behind his back.

“No, Bruce my boy, I’m going to fix you.”

“Hey, I don’t care if you are my father or not. My balls aren’t getting cut. . .”

Carverton farted loudly “What! No, not that kind of fixed. No, son, I’m going to solve your desire to get your colon plundered.”

“Not likely.”

“Heh heh, well, son, that was before you met these ladies.” Carverton clapped his greasy hands together and a large, burly guard lead out three gorgeous noble-ladies.

“Who are they?” The young fruit asked.

“These are the most erotic noble-girls in the whole land, each of them 18 years of age pursuant to title 18 USC section 2257. If these girls can’t get your prick hard, you’re a walking corpse!”

“Braiiiiiiiins”

“Heh, girl 1, introduce yourself!”

Girl 1 came forward. She was a trim-built, fair-skinned red head with light freckles on her cheeks. She was clad in a long, flowing white gown which clutched her breasts like a tight wrap. She stepped forward, one long, creamy, slender, elegant leg in front of the other. In a soft, seductive voice she said “I am Lady Denise of the Green Isles. I wish to be yours that I might satisfy your every day and night with my passions.”

Bruce seemed to be looking in her general direction, and so Carverton was pleased. Still, horny bastard that he was, he wanted to parade the other ladies off. “Girl 2, shake yer arse over here and introduce yourself!”

Girl 2 was a buxom blonde, with her long hair tied into a single rope of a pony tail. Her milky white skin was exposed around her thick, tough legs, her thick-bodied midriff, and her soft, pressed cleavage. Hers was a hearty body, built to keep her warm in the frozen lands of the north. “I am Lady Diana of the Northlands. I would keep you warm on the cold nights of our northern lands.”

Carverton was guffawing with glee and rubbing himself. “Heh heh, she’s giving me a chubby, how about you boys?”

The midgets all stared intently, nodded, and rubbed themselves too. Bruce was still staring in the general direction of Lady Denise, which pleased Carverton immensely. He called out “Girl 3, get yer buns out here now!”

Girl 3 was tanned bronze with long tied-back brown hair. Her tight muscular body was barely clad in the thin leather brazier and scant leather pants that covered her in her jungle realm. She strode forward with her tight abs and cut figure, and in a deep, wanton voice said “I am Lady Kara of the jungle lands, come with me that I might show you the wild, untamed passions of the hot, humid wilds!”

Carverton had a raging hard-on by now, and, incidentally, another turkey leg. He was laughing his stupid laugh, barely able to contain himself in his drunken stupor of sex, food, and power. He triumphantly proclaimed “I think my son sees what he wants.”

“I sure do father.”

Carverton was laughing and giddy. . . till, of course, he saw that it was not Lady Denise young Bruce was staring at, but the big, burly guard man to her left! Carverton dropped his turkey leg and began ripping hair out in tufts. He screamed “Goddamn, fucking, mother-bastard, fucking. . . MIDGET!”

The four midgets staged a quick rock-scissors-paper tournament, and the loser sulked over to Carverton. Carverton picked him up and hurled him into a stack of buckets in the corner.

Carverton ordered all guards out of the room, and said to his son “Son, I hope you appreciate what I’m about to do for you, because this is going to cost me a goddamn fortune. Ladies! Just like we talked about.” The three ladies all huddled close to one another, and. . .

And fuck you! I didn’t get to see it, and neither do you! But that’s okay, because I’m going to tell you about what was happening with Shazelle and I, and it’s almost as good. So, we were walking along in the woods. Shazelle was explaining to me the complexities of Cartagren interpersonal relationships: “You and I can fuck whenever we feel like it, but, aside from being good in bed, I don’t really like anything about you. We’re just friends. . . who fuck. . . Are your people so primitive they don’t have such a concept?”

“Well, uh. . .”

“HALT!” A voice rang out.

“What? I was just going to explain what a fuck-buddy . . .”

“Shhh” Shazelle hissed at me.

The voice continued “Who dares trespass on the sacred territory of the wood elf Nirze?”

“We are in the territory of the wood elves!?” Shazelle yelped at me.

“Not my fucking planet! Hello!”

“Silence! I Nirze, who is older than man and time itself, will now manifest myself before you!” And with that, she appeared.

Nirze was a pretty fuck-up looking chick. Her hair was all white and stringy. Her arms, they were about as thin as my three fingers put together, but twice as long as her legs. Her legs were about as thin too, and she stood crouched, almost like a frog. Her body was thin, but very short. This definitely wasn’t Liv Tyler from LOTR. I mean, Nirze looked doable, don’t get me wrong, but definitely not your typical Jacksonian elf. She couldn’t have been packing more than A cups under her shirt and suspenders, and her face was something else altogether. Her nose was broad and flat, her chin pointy, and her eyes were yellow. She still looked cute, and young no matter what she said. All told, yeah, I’d do her, it wouldn’t take much beer.

“You mortals have trespassed on my property.”

Shazelle was quick with a “We humbly beg your forgiveness. I, as a dark elf, am a cousin to your kind and. . .”

“Be silent! I have been displeased! And if either of you two wish to leave with your lives, you must satisfy me with your bodies.”

“Yeah, I can do that. Shaz?”

“Yes, works for me.”

See, I told you it would be just as good.

Shazelle and I walked over to Nirze and began to three-way kiss. Our tongues rolled over one-another’s and I felt the hot, nervous breaths puff out of Nirze and the probing hand of Shazelle up my back. Nirze seemed lost for what to do, and Shazelle guided the nervous elf into sliding my shirt over my head, and the two of them each sucked one of my nipples. I ran my hands through the hair on both their heads, and encouraged their vigorous sucking. They were steaming me up, and so I started to slide the suspenders of Nirze’s pantaloons off her shoulders, and removed her cloth jerkin. I rubbed one of her modest, perky breasts, and began to suck her nipple. Shazelle sucked the other, and we could feel Nirze’s body tremble. She let slip a slight sharp moan of pleasure, and I began to undo Shazelle’s brazier. It wasn’t long before I was guiding Nirze’s nervous hand over Shazelle’s large, soft, hot breasts, and licking at a nipple with her. This girl was no pro, and Shazelle and I had to teach this girl how to fuck.

Shazelle was hot, and she could take no more. She lay down upon a log, pulled her pants down, and pushed Nirze’s head between her legs. I slid Nirze’s pantaloons down and from behind began to lap at her stiff clit. The two girls moaned together, and Nirze was shaking so hard I thought she was going to shatter. I tongued her slit, harder and faster, and she emitted muffled moans from Shazelle’s cunt. As I tongues, I ran my hands underneath her and rubbed her breasts. She moaned, louder and louder, barely able to continue pleasuring Shazelle through her gasps. Finally, she could bear no more, and both she and Shazelle released shrieking orgasms.

Shazelle turned Nirze over, and hoisted her into her arms as I pulled out all 8 inches of Hercules Johnson (don’t give me that goofy-ass look, you know you named yours too). Nirze was trembling uncontrollably. I lowered myself between her thin, delicate legs, placed a very reassuring kiss on her lips, and proceeded to press my manhood into her. As I buried the first inch, she gave a sharp and surprised yelp. Shazelle ran her hands over Nirze’s breasts and placed a delicate kiss on her lips. I slowly buried my shaft all the way into her moist cunt, which was in turn gripping me like a vice. Gently I pulled back, then buried myself again. Nirze puffed and moaned, and I felt her hips push against mine. Gradually I picked up the pace, and her moans turned louder and louder. I could hear her gasp and scream in sexual delight with every thrust of my cock and the probing hands and tongue of Shazelle. Soon, I felt the clenching muscles and earth-shattering bellows of her tremendous orgasm. Unable to contain myself more, I pulled out and sprayed healthy doses of cum all over her belly. We all collapsed together in breathlessness and smiles.

“I never thought losing my virginity would be so wonderful.”

“Huh?” Shazelle and I said, both shooting up.

Another voice from above boomed “Nirze! What have you done?”

“I’m not a little elf anymore, daddy. I’m 18 now and can make these choices for myself.”

Shazelle and I looked at each other, “Aww shit!"