 This is based off of the TV show The Flash, the sex scenes and some other scenes are not part of the show but I personally added them into the story.

*****

Barry was panting as he ran through the bustling crowd of central city, going against the direction of the group of people on the sidewalk. "Sorry," he said as He pushed past a person.

"The second robber this week," Chyre said to Joe. 

"The teller ID'd Clyde Mardon as the shooter," Joe responded, looking at his partner. 

"What?" Chyre exclaimed. "Oh, jeez, the Mardon brothers are back?"

Captain Singh walked up to the duo. "What do we got?"

"Perps took the bank, shot out the cameras," Joe handed Singh a couple photos of the suspects "and killed the security guard there. I got units kicking in doors of the Mardon brothers' associates."

"CSI been over it?" Singh asked.

"Not, no," Joe responded, looking down.

"Where's Allen?" Singh asked.

Barry Allen was rushing down the sidewalk, nearly there. "Sorry, uh, sorry," he apologized to a man he bumped into. 

"You can't keep covering him-" Singh was saying when Barry rushed to the crime scene.

"Coming through," he said. "CSI," he showed his badge to an officer.

"- I have to carry on without him," Singh continued.

"Sorry I'm late, Captain Singh," Barry reached the group of officers.

"What was it this time?" Singh asked impatiently. "Forgot to set your alarm clock? Before you answer, the excuse you gave last time was car trouble. Want to know why that one was particularly memorable?"

"I do not own a car," Barry replied embarrassed.

"He was running an errand for me," Joe cut in. "Barry did you get me what I asked for?" He looked at Barry, signaling him to say something.

"Yeah. Yeah, I did," Barry nodded. "I have it right..." He fumbled through his pockets. "...here," he said, taking out a chocolate bar that was partially eaten.

Joe grabbed it, and Barry said "I had a few bites of it, so..." And trailed off. He looked to Captain Singh before quickly making his way to the body of the dead security guard.

Barry laid down on the ground, analyzing a clump of dirt. He made our tire marks to be twelve inches wide, with asymmetrical tread. "Getaway car is a Mustang Shelby GT500," Barry got to his knees. "Shelbys have a rear super-wide tire specific to that model, 12 inches with an asymmetrical tread, and there's something else." Barry stood up and grabbed a pen from Chyre's pocket. "Thanks." He said before kneeling down and dipping the pen into the clump of dirt. He sniffed it. "Fecal excrement. Animal, I'd guess."

"My dad gave me that pen..." Chyre looked at Barry accusingly. "...before he died."

"Sorry," Barry said apologetically. 

Back at the police headquarters, Barry was in his CSI lab. He was looking at the mugshot of Clyde Mardon when a coffee skinned girl walked in. "Okay, I am ready to see this atom smasher-smashing," she said perkily.

"There was a shooting today," Barry replied. "Your dad needs me to process some evidence." The girl's name was Iris West, she was Joe's daughter. "I don't know if we're gonna make it to S.T.A.R Labs."

"Seeing this thing turn on is, like, your dream," Iris pointed out. "Your sad little, nerdy dream. Besides, I canceled a date for this." Iris remembered to back when she was in another man's apartment earlier today.

Both Iris and the man were nude, Iris's large and perky tits were in the man's hands, the man's tongue tracing her hard brown nipples. Iris was using her hands to rub the man's large cock, squeezing and rubbing it at a slow, rhythmic pace. The man kissed her lips quickly before saying "suck it."

Iris lowered herself to her knees, and began to lick the swollen head of the man's cock. She toyed with his cock, using her tongue to trace the end of the head of his cock, before she slowly placed her lips over the shaft and started to deepthroat the cock.

The man pulled back her black hair and placed a hand on the back of Iris's head, pushing her head towards him and bringing his member to the back of her throat. Iris felt like gagging, but ignored it and instead savored the flavor of the cock and the precum drizzling out of it.

Iris was licking the shaft when the man roughly lifted her up and brought her to his bed. He placed his hands on her tits, squeezing the coffee colored jugs before quickly slamming his cock into her wet pussy. The man drilled Iris hard, thrusting in and out as deeply and quickly as he could 

The man took his hands off her tits and placed them on the bed for support. Iris was gasping and moaning as the man fucked her, her tits jiggling back and forth. She felt an orgasm coming and her body tensed.

"Oh fuck yes," Iris moaned as her pussy let out a stream of juice. The man ignored the stream and continued fucking Iris, and Iris could see he was near his climax. "I want you to cum all over me," Iris said, looking at his low hanging balls and wondering how much cum they contained. 

"Of course you want me to, you greedy slut," he said as he pulled his dick out and began to rub it. Precum dripped from the tip of his cock and soon after, huge streams of warm cum covered Iris's tits. Iris picked some up with her finger, and put it in her mouth.

"Mm, yummy," she said, slowly taking the finger out and gathering the rest of the cum. "My dad can't find out." She suddenly remembered.

"You dirty girl. I won't tell him," the man got on the bed next to her, immediately beginning to grope her tits. "I hope we're still up for later tonight."

"Oh I can't, I'm going to a thing with my foster brother," Iris told him. "Sorry."

"Well I guess you just have to make up for it now," the man said, squeezing Iris's nipples. She moaned as she felt his cock beginning to grow again.

"You're going to have to punish me, fuck me rough and hard, and make me hurt," she turned to the man, smiling.

Iris regained focus on the conversation she was having with Barry, forgetting her flashback. She saw some fries and grabbed for them.

"Hands off my fries!" Barry exclaimed. "Unbelievable," he shook his head in mock disappointment.

"I'm stress eating over my dissertation," Iris turned to face Barry. "We started selling cronuts at Jitters. I ate two today. If I don't graduate soon, I'm gonna be more muffin top than woman."

"You look amazing," Barry replied, gaping at Iris's beauty. He noticed the perfect symmetry of her face, and the beauty of it. He then saw her sexy and perfect body. Iris scoffed.

Barry continued walking around the lab, working on the evidence. Iris followed him, picking up a magazine. "What is so important about this particle accelerator, anyway?"

Barry looked at her, astonished. "Harrison Wells' work in Quantum Theory is light years ahead of anything at CERN."

"You're doing that thing where you're not speaking English," Iris said with mock annoyance.

"Okay," Barry said sarcastically. "Just imagine..." Barry drew a dot on a board. "...that that dotis everything the human race has ever learned until this moment."

"Does that include twerking?" Iris asked as Barry drew a large circle around the dot.

"That is everything we could ever learn from the particle accelerator," Barry finished the circle. "It's a whole new way of looking at physics. It will literally change the way that we think about everything."

"You've got to get yourself a girlfriend," Iris placed her hands on his shoulders sympathetically.

Joe walked into the room. "Hey, leave him alone. He's working," he pointed out.

"Hi Dad," Iris smiled at Joe. "The testing is done," Iris noticed as she turned around and looked at the computer screen.

Joe and Iris sat down, facing the computer. "I think the Mardon brothers are hiding on a farm," Barry said as he placed his hand on a sheet of paper. "The fecal matter I found on the street was cow manure which contained traces of Oxytetracycline. It's an antibiotic. There are only four farms in the area that still use it in their feed." Barry showed Joe the four farms on a map on the computer. "Bet you'll find a really sweet Shelby parked at one of them," Barry handed Joe a paper with the details on it.

"Dad, seeing how Barry solved your poop problem how about letting him go to S.T.A.R. Labs?" Iris got up from the bench she was sitting on. 

"Fine, go," Joe reluctantly agreed.

"Yes!" Barry smiled at Iris, and Iris giggled. "Thank you, Joe," Barry said to Joe as he and Iris left the lab.

At the front of Star labs, Iris asked Barry "So Barry, how was your trip? Did you find proof of the impossible in Starling City?" She was referring to when Barry was helping the Green Arrow out on one of his missions. "Or did you just make my dad mad for no reason?"

"Actually, while I was away, I had a chance to think about, you know, relationships. How I'm not in one and you're not in one, either. And you're my best friend, Iris," Barry's cheeks were turning red as he was saying this stuff to Iris as they were walking down the sidewalk. 

"You're mine too. Why else would I be here?" Iris asked in a sassy tone.

"That's not what I meant. What-" Barry was about to continue when Iris cut him off.

"I know what you're going to say Barry," Iris turned to look at Barry.

"I'm not sure you do," Barry looked back at Iris.

"Even though we pretty much grew up in the same house together and we're kind of like brother and sister because we're not brother and sister, it can get really weird and awkward to talk to me about girls. I just want you to know that it shouldn't be awkward." Iris looked at barry sympathetically. "There is nothing I want more than for you to meet the right person that totally loves and adores you for the amazing guy that you are."

Barry smiled at Iris, even though deep down he was hurt by how she didn't realize how much he loved her. "Took the words right out of my mouth," Barry nodded his head in agreement, but only because he didn't know what to say. 

"Aren't you glad I know you so well?" Iris bumped her fist into Barry's shoulder as Barry looked down to the sidewalk. 

The crowd then began cheering as a gray haired man wearing glasses, dressed in suit walked up on stage. He stood in front of a podium and said "Thank you. My name is Harrison Wells. Tonight, the future begins. The work my team and I will do here will change our understanding of physics, will bring about advancements in power, advancements in medicine, and trust me, that future will be here faster than you think." The crowd broke into applause again, when someone grabbed Iris's gray bag from her shoulder. 

"No! Hey, my laptop. It's got my dissertation." Iris shouted after the man. Barry ran after the robber, pushing through the crowd to catch up with him. 

Both men broke free of the crowd, and the robber continued to run, Barry on his heels. "I'm sorry," he apologized as he pushed someone out of the way. He was panting as he turned the corner into an alleyway. 

He looked around for the robber when suddenly he was hit in the face with Iris's bag. The robber was a teenage boy, who looked at Barry fearfully. "All right, kid, you don't have to do this, all right?" Barry held his hands up as a gesture of peace. "Just give me back my friend's bag, and we'll call it even. 

The teenager was shaking his head as he brought the bag closer to Barry's hands. He slammed it into Barry's stomach, and Barry reeled back. The teenager started to run off again, slinging the bag over his shoulder. 

"Barry," Iris grabbed Barry's arm as she caught up with him. "Are you okay?" She asked.

"Yeah," Barry replied, panting. 

The teen was still running, and jumped over a fence only to be stopped by a police officer. "Freeze! Police!" A blond haired detective was holding a gun at a flashlight and was pointing them at the teenager. "Or do you want to find out the hard way you're not faster than a bullet?" The teen put his arms in the air as the cop smiled. 

Back at the headquarters, Barry was holding a tissue to his bloody nose. Iris walked up next to him, pointing at the cop who stopped the robber. "Who is that guy, and what is he so proud of?" She asked. "So he caught a mugger."

"He's a transfer from Keystone. Started a few weeks ago. Eddie Thawne." Barry looked at Eddie. 

"Oh, that's Detective Pretty Boy," Iris nodded her head in understanding. Barry looked at her weirdly, and Iris quickly added "That's what my dad calls him. He says he actually keeps score when it comes to arrests." Iris rolled her eyes. "He is pretty though," Iris admitted. 

Barry looked at her longingly and then looked down in despair. 

In the meantime, Joe and Chyre were inspecting the farms. "This is the last farm on Barry's list," Joe said as their car pulled to a stop in front of a barnhouse. 

"Look, I know the kid's smart, but you said it yourself. Sometimes he's chasing flying pigs." Chyre raised his hands in the air.

"Well, let's check it out anyway," Joe got out of the car. 

Back at the precinct, Barry was back in his lab. He looked up to his glass roof to see the rain heavily falling. Some water was leaking on to the floor. He turned on his computer to a news station to see a report on S.T.A.R. Labs. 

"I'm Linda Park, and we're live outside S.T.A.R. Labs," A newswoman was standing in the rain in front of the Lab. "Despite the weather which will only get worse. The torrential downpour has in no way affected the particle accelerator which is up and running smoothly according to the CEO of S.T.A.R. Labs, Harrison Wells."

Barry walked away from the computer to a board with a map. He pulled up the map to reveal a board with newspapers and articles about the murder of his mother, Nora Allen, which happened when he was a child. His father, Henry Allen, was wrongfully imprisoned for the murder of his mother. Barry still believed that some sort of lightning, a red and yellow lightning and a man in yellow killed Nora Allen. 

At the barn, Joe and Chyre were holding their guns, and looking around. Chyre pointed a flashlight to a car covered by a fabric. Joe lifted up the blanket to reveal that it was indeed a Shelby GT500. Joe looked at Chyre. "Whoa," Chyre stared at the logo.  

"Mardon," Joe said, but was interrupted by gunshots being fired at him and his partner. Clyde Mardon was behind some hay, shooting bullets at Joe and Chyre. 

"I've got a plane to catch," Mardon shouted as he continued firing bullets and ran out of the barn. Joe and Chyre followed him.

"What the hell?" Chyre asked, as he saw a plane driving in the field. Mardon fired two shots, which hit Chyre in the neck before running on to the plane.

Joe ran over to Chyre. "Chyre, hang in there!" He shouted, applying pressure to the gunshot wound. It was too late, Chyre had no more pulse. 

At Barry's lab, his computer released an alarm. "Wait, we are now being told to evacuate the facility. The storm caused a malfunction to the primary cooling system," Linda the reporter said from the computer. "Officials are now trying to shut down the particle accelerator but so far have been unable to regain control of the-" The computer shut down suddenly. 

Barry looked out the window to see an explosion coming from the area of the city where S.T.A.R. Labs was. The explosion released a pulse of orange energy, which flew past Barry's lab. 

At the farm, Joe also saw the explosion. The energy released from the explosion collided with the plane of the Mardon brothers, and the plane split into pieces, falling from the sky. 

Barry walked to a different part of the lab and pulled on a chain. He suddenly stopped when all the liquid in the lab began to float in the air, similar to what happened the night Nora Allen died. Barry looked up to see the glass roof shatter, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky and struck Barry. He flew back and hit the shelves, unconscious as a pulse of energy ran through his body. 

Barry was rushed to the hospital, doctors frantically working about him, wondering how he was still alive. "No heartbeat," one said. "CBC Chem 24, type and cross four," another said. 

Iris rushed into the room. "You can't be in here," A nurse stepped up to stop her. 

"I'm family!" Iris shouted, tears in her eyes as she looked at Barry's limp body. "Barry!" She shouted as the doctors began to use defibrillators on Barry. 

The EKG measuring his pulse went flat.

*****

To be continued in Part 2, the other parts will be longer but this was a great stopping point for part 1.