 You know you drank too much when you wake up somewhere you don't remember going. You know you drank way too fucking much when that place is another world. I was doing great too. We were on our fifth Jaeger bomb when that smarmy weasel of a bartender took me aside.

He had only one eye, I could tell by the eye patch. But, there was something less than human about this guy.

"The fuck do you want? I told you we were paying the tab at the end of the night." Wow, those Jaeger bombs sneak up on you.

"Relax guy," he seemed to hiss "I just wanted to make you an offer."

"I'm no fag. . ."

"No, no" he laughed "I wanted to give you a chance to drink some stuff that you can't get anywhere in the States."

Every time I go to Windsor they try and sell me that Absinthe crap. "If it's green, I'm not interested."

"Oh, it's not green. Just five bucks and you get a whole glass of it."

A whole glass? "Five Canadian, or do you want real money?"

"US currency if you please."

Eh, a whole glass for five bucks? Why not.

That's about when it hit me, and I woke up here. The bartender brought out this stuff, looked like some kinda rainbow or something. I should have thought twice, but I was drunk, and the only thing better than getting drunk is getting more drunk. So, I drank. I couldn't tell you what it tasted like. At that time of the night, I could have drank iced dog piss and not told you the difference. Things started spinning after that, but, that's normal.

What wasn't normal was waking up here. I was in the woods, I think, except for some dirt track that split through. Which way was west, and which way was east? I couldn't quite figure out. Eh well, I still had my wallet, and I could easily call a cab just as soon as I got to a phone. So, I started hoofing it in one direction.

About ten minutes or so after walking, I heard a noise behind me. I turned around to see a horse-drawn carriage coming down the road. "Amish, eh?" Well, if nothing else, they'd be good for a ride.

As soon as they came into view, I started waving my hands to flag them down. The folks pulled their carriage to a halt, and what I saw driving the thing wasn't Amish at all. These folks were downright Medieval. "Good morrow sir, how may I be of assistance?" The driver asked.

"Uh, yeah, I had a rough night at the bar last night, and I could use a ride to the nearest payphone."

"Payphone?"

"Yeah, you know 'ring, ring, send a cab, make sure he speaks English.'"

"English?"

"You know, that language you and I are speaking?"

"Oh, we speak Cartagran."

"The fuck?"

"Foul peasant!"

The driver spurred his horses on and left. Shit, I guess I was going to have to walk.

Now, I'm no astronomer or anything, but the last time I checked we only have one sun. Now, when I got out of the woods, there were two of those things staring me right in my bloodshot, hung-over eyes. One sun is enough of a bitch when your head is pounding, but two? Get fucking real here, this is just overkill. Another carriage came down the road. I wasn't going to fuck this one up.

"Good morrow" I screamed.

The carriage came to a halt, and three chicks that looked like nuns were driving it. "Good morrow" they replied in unison.

"Good fair ladies, shall we introduce ourselves?" Okay, I was grasping on this one.

"We are sisters of the hidden rod. We are heading into the city to rejoin our cloister."

"Good ladies, I am Walt of Detroit. Would it trouble you to give me a ride into town?"

"Oooooooooo" They preened. And soon I was getting a ride into town.

The carriage bounced up and down, and their breasts were bouncing with it. They looked kinda like Sally Field from The Flying Nun, only their outfits were pink and white. Except, they had low-cut tops and I could see some massive cleavage pressed up from their dresses. For all I was checking the girls out, they were checking me out too. Soon my cock began to grow at the site of their voluptuous round breasts quivering with the vibrations of the carriage. My prick was hard, and I had to make my move.

I snuck my hand over on the seat till it accidentally brushed the leg of the sister to my right. I figured for sure she was going to belt me one, but instead, she kinda giggled. I gently slid my hand up to her thigh, breathing heavily in my nervousness. She wasn't stopping me, not a bit. As the bumps would hit, I'd let my hand move closer and closer to her crotch, hoping that with each bump I could come closer to her sweet, quivering, willing cunt. Then, the biggest bump in the world shook us all, and my hand darted for her crotch.

There's a certain look when a man finds out a horrible truth that places him in a peril above all perils. That look is called the "Oh Shit" look. I had that look on my face at that very moment. In between her legs was the stiffest cock I've ever felt. Well, it was the only cock I've ever felt. She giggled uncontrollably, and I just sat there with that "Oh Shit" look on my face. I couldn't formulate anything brilliant to say at that moment. I just sat there, holding that cock like an idiot, trying to wipe that God damn look off my face.

"Sisters of the hidden rod, eh?"

"Mmmm Hmmm" they replied.

"Well, this is my stop. Been a pleasure, 'ladies.'" And with that, I jumped off that carriage like a bat outta hell.

It was fortunate that I jumped when I did, because I found myself smack dab in the middle of town. Actually, it looked like the market place. Folks all around were hocking wares of various sorts. I decided to look around for the local winery. Maybe some more of that rainbow stuff was around here somewhere, and I could find it, drink some, go back to earth and kick that bartender's ass!

"All come for the live auction!" Some little crier-boy cried.

He came by yelling that, and I was intrigued. I stopped him and asked "Live auction, what, like chickens?"

"No good sir. That would be a livestock auction. This is the slave auction."

"Slaves?" Man, if the boys of the NOI heard about this this cracker-ass town would get burnt.

"Yes good sir, the captured of Lord Carverton's latest expeditions."

"So, soldiers and stuff?"

"Soldiers, wives, daughters, sons, whores, it's all the same there."

I had to check this shit out.

And the little twerp wasn't kidding. They had a stage and everything, with stacks of cages with people, err, what looked like people in them. Some of them didn't quite look human. Some had one eye in the center of their heads, some had pointed ears, some were green, I was beginning to think this place was totally fucked. But, I always did love a good auction.

Man, I thought horny guys on earth were bad. These medieval pricks were throwing all kinds of money at the girls. I just kinda sat by and watched. They paraded one chick with green skin and antennae around. She went for 2 gold pieces. Then there was some fat chick with two sets of legs. She actually went for 8. I guess they paid by the pound on that one. Finally, they put her up. Her skin was a darkish blue, close to purple I think. She had long, pointed ears, and thin silken black hair. She had a figure that could knock any guy out. Those abs looked like they were carved from granite. Her tits, in her tight fitting leather brazier, looked like they could have spilled out if you tipped her wrong. Her legs looked like they could have crushed ice. I thought this chick was going to break the bank.

"Now good townsfolk, we come to the dark elf. Now, I know that dark elves don't exactly fetch a high price, but come on, just a copper piece will do for this one!"

Okay, so I'm wrong.

"Send her to the butcher! Feed her to the dogs!"

"Dogs won't eat dark elf, it's too dirty!"

None of these slobs were bidding on her. I can't believe I wasn't bidding on her!

"I'll bid!" The entire lot of them looked at me funny. I reached for my wallet. This was going to be the cheapest piece of ass. . . wait a minute, I didn't have any gold!

"What will you bid, good sir?"

I didn't have anything of any value. Well, there was always this. . "This device" I told the barker "will tell you the time of day even in darkness!"

"Bring it up here, let me see."

I picked through the crowd and handed him the watch. He eyed it a few times, then looked up at me "You don't have any money, do you?"

"Not at all."

"Well fuck, no one bids on dark elves anyways. She's yours."

I was unceremoniously handed a leather leash to take her with, and told to "piss off."

We strolled on out of town, where the good townsfolk had the dignity to spit on my newly acquired escort. I guess no one likes "dark elves" here, but I couldn't give a shit. She was hot. We got outside of town, and I still hadn't spoken a word to her. I didn't know what to say. I guess I could have said. . . "So, human, is this where the field is you will slave me upon?"

No, those wouldn't have been my words, but "Huh?"

"Your tyrannical lord has made war upon my people, now we shall be your field hands?"

"Uh, lady, I don't know quite how to explain this, but. . ."

"Or do you take me to defile me in the wilderness and dispatch me like discarded waste. . ."

"Look lady, don't flatter yourself! I get a lot of ass back on my planet and I don't need to pay for. . ."

"Your planet?"

"Yes, my planet, Earth, of which the greatest city is Detroit, Michigan!"

"I thought you were one of Carverton's humans. But, your kind are not known for compassion towards my kind. So why is it you save me?"

"Well, eh, you're cute. I guess that's one reason. I'm new here. It's not like I've got a lot of friends or anything. I mean, why the hell not? Would you rather have been fed to the dogs?"

"No, clearly not."

"Well, alright, then. I'm Walt. What's your name?"

"Shazelle."

And so we walked for a little while. I explained everything to Shazelle. She was kind enough to agree to help me find one of those bottles of rainbow fuck-you-over if her people had some. Till then, she said it would be best if we tried to return to her people's land, which was under ground. It was likely to be a three day walk from here, and we could forget about a carriage ride. The people in this area hated Dark Elves.

Night came, and we decided to camp out. Shazelle gathered wood for a fire, and I impressed the hell out of her by showing her the magic of a lighter. We laid down on opposite sides of it, and tried to get some sleep. It was cold, and I started to shiver. It's not like I had any money to buy a blanket or anything. Shazelle must have heard me, because she got up and walked over to me. "Are you cold?"

"Oh no, I'm tough, I can take this sort of. . ."

"Because I'm freezing, and my people like to lay in each other's arms for warmth on cold nights."

"It's unbearable. I need heat." I quickly told her. Even in the dark, I could see a smile spread across her pointed teeth as she laid down next to me. I figured this was going to be a completely innocuous laying down, but she wrapped her arms around me and buried her fingers in my hair. I could see goose bumps on the blue-purple skin of her arms, and she was shaking horribly. I looked into her eyes, which were a steely gray with catlike pupils. She said "I am more grateful to you than you can imagine, good sir Walt. The humans would surely have killed me were it not for you."

"We're not all bad, Shazelle. Just the assholes on this planet."

"All the same, I owe you a debt of gratitude."

"No, nonsense. . . scrap that. Start paying!"

She laughed, and placed a deep kiss upon my lips. I could feel already, her tongue was forked. Her breath, though, was sweet, and to kiss her left a hint of jasmine on my palate. Her long, graceful fingers traced a path up my body as she gently removed my shirt. She pulled it over my head, and began sucking on my nipple. I was already hard at work undoing her leather bra. When I freed it, her tits swung loose, with her dark, purple nipples standing firm in the crisp night air.

Shazelle undid my pants, and slid them down gently. She nibbled at my skin as she ran her hands over my boxers. My cock was bounding to life, and her delicate, soft strokes through my underwear spurred it on. She slid my underwear off, and tossed my cloths into the woods with one sweep of her hands. She laughed and I moaned, as she took my cock into her hands. She rubbed it slowly, back and forth with her gentle hands, and began to tongue the tip. She rolled her tongue all around the head, and the strange sensation of the forked muscle just elevated everything. She kissed and tongued my cock, then slowly began to put her lips around it. Soon, her mouth was completely over my cock, and he warm, moist mouth began to pump over it. Faster and faster she slid it in and out, giving me such amazing sensations with each pass. Finally, I could contain myself no longer. She pumped with her hands, and I shot a load deep into her mouth. She swallowed, and I came and came, till there was nothing left. She swallowed it down, and gave me a huge smile. "I never thought it would taste like that. That tastes just like a candy my people eat."

I sighed "Well, can't wait to see what tomorrow brings."

"Uh uh, you're not done yet."

Shazelle rubbed at my cock, and undid the fastenings on her leather bottom. She freed it up, and before me was her dripping wet cunt. Before I had a chance to say otherwise, she stuck it to my mouth, and proceeded to gently rub me as I tongued her pussy. Her moisture tasted of honey, and her scent was that of sugar. I licked away at her, watching her vulva jerk with every contraction of her muscles and moan from her mouth. I licked at her engorged clit, and listened to her moan louder and louder. The sounds of her moaning, the motion of her hands, it made my prick, already well spent, return for another round. Soon Shazelle was screaming, and her motions became spasmodic. She creamed all over herself, and by extension, my face. "Oh my," she said "that was fantastic."

"The best is yet to come, babe."

Shazelle positioned herself over my very hard dick, and slowly slid herself down onto me. The feeling was intense. Her cunt was as tight as you could imagine, and seemed to have little bumps inside that sent jolts of pleasure running through me. She slid herself totally down onto me, and then began to slowly slide herself up and down. I sucked at her hard, purple nipples, which just made her even hotter. She grabbed the back of my head and clutched me to her chest as she rode me harder. Her grunts and moans were filling my ears, and I was helping her along with my ever eager arms. We fucked, faster and faster, and soon I could feel the tightening clench of her orgasming pussy clamp down on my cock. The sensation was so intense that I shot another load right into her cunt.

We collapsed down together by the fire. She looked me in the eyes and asked "Are you still cold?"

"Not as all." I gasped.

She giggled, and nuzzled into my arms. We slept like babies that night.

The next morning we got up to head out. Ah, this world sucked ass, like all medieval worlds probably would. But, hey, I could deal with this for three more days.

To be continued. . .