 Chapter 3—Laileet 

My work ebbed and flowed over the next three visits. On one trip I saw three women, one of whom was undergoing her third betrothal. While not all women employed Florists for each successive betrothal a few did, especially if they wanted to perfect new techniques. 

On this particular trip to Tsibili, however, I was expecting to see only one young lady named Laileet. What made her unique was her request to begin our session in mid-morning and continue through the following night. One night and, perhaps, into early ten-plus bells was considered a lengthy interaction. 

"Tell me, Laileet, why you are interested in prolonging our session?" 

She was a lovely woman, with eyes the hue of springbirds. Her thick, straight ebony locks and lashes contrasted with a creamy complexion. Her body curved voluptuously, from full breasts to broad hips and a rounded bottom. But her face was riveting. She could appear the girl at one instant and complex woman the very next. 

"Well, Kelline, I care for Pillome very much, and I want to please him. My mother and I have discussed prolonged togetherness and the deep, profound effects it can have on a relationship. I cherish the time I have with Pillome and want to be with him always. I just feel that this will help achieve that goal." 

"You realize that there will be more that you must do to assure the outcome you seek?" 

"Yes, of course." 

"So you do not see prolonged togetherness as the only—" 

"Oh, absolutely not," she interrupted smoothly. "I know there are many challenges that face all couples. But I want to make sure I have a wide range of abilities to give us the best chances. Pillome agrees." 

"With such a lovely and persuasive partner, how could he do anything else?" I grinned 

She smiled back and told me, "Your reputation is well-earned, charming Kelline." 

I bowed, kept my smile and stood. I offered her my hand, and asked, "Then I shall see you tomorrow at the nine-bell?" 

"That sounds perfect. Shall I bring the morning meal?" 

"Oh, no, please allow me. But is there anything you would like?" 

"Well . . ." 

"Please, anything at all." 

"I have a fondness for rice buns and sweet venison patties." She winked and said, "The combination gives me . . . energy." 

I laughed, leaned towards her, and lowered my voice. "I'll be sure to have a ready supply." 

We chuckled our way down the hall and I showed her to the door. Then I began my preparations. 

* * * * * * * 

We lingered over breakfast until nearly the ten-two bell and skipped the midday meal entirely. Laileet proved to be quite . . . energetic. As promised 

It was easy to get lost in her lush body. And she knew how to kiss very well, indeed. But there was something most alluring about her face. No . . . it was her eyes. 

Yes, when I think back on it, her eyes seemed to change as quickly as her heartbeats. One instant they looked cool and inviting, the next they appeared glinting and sage, then the next they altered once again to something else entirely. They seemed to be in constant swirl, like a deep eddy pool at the edge of an ice-melt stream. 

I remember a singular kiss. I cannot quite recall what compelled me to keep my eyes open, but when our lips met I stared into Laileet's swirling orbs. As her tongue tip traced my mouth, inviting me, it felt as though I tumbled into the whirlpool of her blue irises. I could hear the rush of the stream that swept me along—or was that the blood in my veins? I had never experienced that sensation with any other arrangement. It was frightening . . . and intoxicating. 

Laileet's skin felt soft, smooth and warm beneath my fingertips. Her flesh tasted of flowers and perspiration. Her body begged to be massaged and caressed, kneaded until she moaned. As her clothes fell away I worshiped her nudity. 

We were locked in an especially deep kiss as my hands went to her chest. Her breasts hung heavy and wanton, and they filled my hands. As I hefted them and explored their soft curves, she groaned low in her throat. When my fingertips found her nipples, I rolled them to full hardness and applied enough pressure to elicit a sharp gasp and a mild shudder. I wanted more, wanted to experiment with her responses. 

I sagged to my knees and showered her right breast with delicate kisses. I let my lips nibble across the swell of her, down to her ribs and under the full curve. I kept circling my way, spiraling towards her erect and pebbly pink-brown tip. Her hands tangled in my hair, urging and guiding all at once. She pulled me where she needed my mouth and turned her chest for good measure. As my lips slowly enveloped her luscious nipple Laileet whimpered her pleasure and encouragement. 

I dined on her breasts for at least a half-bell, pleasing her and employing every technique I could muster. I removed her skirt and reached behind and cupped the fullness of her bottom before stroking upward to knead the bands of muscles along her spine. I dug my fingers into her back as my mouth savored her sweet flesh. 

At one point I slipped one arm between her legs and squeezed her backside. She clamped her legs around my forearm and her wet heat scented my skin in the most intimate and alluring fashion. My hand slithered from behind her until I palmed her womanhood. 

"Oh, yesss," she whispered. Her hips moved of their own volition, and she pressed my face tighter to her bosom. My hand held her, despite the awkward angle, and I eased two fingertips past her thick petals. They pushed further into Laileet's buttery depths, where I curled them forward against the rough pad. My thumb found her delicate tip as my mouth devoured her nipples in soft tenacity. 

"Oh!" With a last exclamation her knees shook and Laileet seemed ready to lose her balance. I hugged her close while the climax dragged on for a delicious and lengthy interval. 

She eventually returned to me, and I suggested, "Perhaps it's time for us to make you more comfortable." I remained on my knees before her. "Someplace soft and warm, where you may fully relax into your experience." I kissed her tummy. 

"Yes, I believe I would appreciate a change of venue, Kelline." Her voice dripped breathiness, and the maelstrom of her eyes spoke of the flow of immediate needs with a strong undercurrent of raw lust. Once more those blue orbs tinged my mood with wary drunkenness. And once more I wrestled with my denial of the power in those eyes. Wrestled, and lost out, to the lust they aroused in me. For a moment I worried about my professional duties. I shook my head and stood. 

Regaining control of myself, I leaned closer to the beautiful, naked Laileet. I placed a palm upon her cheek, closed my eyes and kissed her lips. Then I led her to my bed. 

"Here, lie down and let me take care of you." I ogled her curvy figure as she lay before me and registered a fleeting thought that was both glad and uncertain. I was glad at the extra time we had, but uncertain that it would be sufficient. 

She lay back, gazing up into my face, and I gasped. Fleeting expressions rippled across her features until I grew unsure exactly who I was with. Laileet seemed to be as changeable, as emotive, as unpredictable as any greatwater, like the one that lapped the shores of Gatekey. It confused me because I could not keep up with the changes and, therefore, did not know exactly how to guide her. Then I had a thought . . . . 

"Please allow me to introduce you to a sensory exercise?" 

"Of course." Her arms had crossed over her midsection but did nothing to conceal the wrinkled, swollen tautness of two prominent nipples or the gentle parting of her labia, glistening coyly from between her full thighs. I think I licked my lips as I watched her legs part just a little more and caught sight of Laileet's pearly nub. My lids fluttered when her scent reached me. 

"What must I do?" 

Her question jolted me. "Well, when we lose the use of one sense, our remaining senses grow more acute to make up for loss. If you would allow me . . .?" I asked, removing a scarf from one of my cabinets. 

Without pause, she answered, "Of course, Kelline. My trust in you is complete." Laileet modeled perfect composure. 

I laid the filmy fabric across her eyes and reached beneath her head, where I tied the ends. "Now I want you to use your other senses—touch, smell, hearing—" 

"Taste?" 

I smiled. "Yes, perhaps even taste, to enrich the experience. Focus and relax." I saw the ample chest raise and fall as she breathed deeply. "Are you ready?" 

"Oh, yes, dear Kelline, very ready indeed." 

My heart skipped once before I regained my professionalism. 

I began at her forehead, stroking fingertips across her smooth skin. I traced the shape of her face, the curve of her orbit to her cheek, the feminine jaw line. My digits continued journeying along her throat and lower, following the curve of her collar bone to the dome of her shoulder, then down her bicep. Pebble flesh erupted over so much of her upper body and she moaned. Her nipples reacted, wrinkling to hardness. I bent to them, licking and worshiping each in turn as her breathing deepened into gentle gasps. Her hands tangled in my hair and she held me tightly against her chest. 

My fingers continued their excursion, even as my mouth became distracted. Laileet's ribs rippled beneath my touch and bits of her erogeny swelled beneath my tongue. The contrast of her soft breasts and exquisite, taut nipples boiled my blood. 

When my hand traversed her hip and began descending towards her womanhood, I found that her own hand had preceded mine. She was busily manipulating her molten folds and the tender flesh between. 

"Please, dear Laileet, allow me . . ." 

My mouth surrounded her left nipple as my hand sought out her intimate opening. I heard her moan loudly as my fingers realized their destination. Her arousal could not have been more obvious; the slick glide of fingers over her smoothness testified to her physical state. 

I felt her body tense. With a stifled, "Ungh," Laileet spasmed in fulfillment. 

"Oh, plea—Ooohhh!" Her hips rose from the bed and her grip on the back of my head tightened. Her lush body trembled and heaved as she reached her peak. My teeth placed the slightest twinge on her thick nipple and my fingers painted her pulsing tip with her own honeyed nectar. It took Laileet a very long time to stop thrusting against me. 

If her reaction had gone on for a bit longer, though, I would not have objected. Intimacy with her completely intoxicated me, thought I am not sure exactly why . . . . 

"Oh, Kelline, that was everything I wished it would be." 

My mind flashed back to Weinotia and my heart squeezed in my chest. Those were the exact words she had used after our first joining. 

"I am so glad, milady." I kissed her soft breasts and the silken expanse of her chest. My hand soothed her molten tissues and reveled in her shudders even as my ears reveled in her giggles. 

Weinotia . . . 

In a flash I realized that I needed a distraction. I removed the scarf and watched her eyes open. It happened slowly, as slowly as a sunrise, but open they did. And just that quickly I felt myself falling into the whirlpool of her endless springbird depths. 

It was my only hope . . . . 

* * * * * * * 

Laileet and I did not sleep much. We ate precious little. We lost ourselves in intimacy for another twenty bells. I spent much energy on her body, sampling and touching, inhaling and drinking her in until I lost track of her numerous alluring heights of fulfillment. More often than not her eyes bore into mine as she scaled her peaks. And though I should remain slightly detached so as to better serve my lover, I have to admit that my favorite moment with her was immersive. 

I lay between her full thighs. After long slow kisses and nibbles covered every bit of her body from waist to knees, her shudders and trembles grew more intense and demanding until I gave her relief. My lips and tongue explored her turgid topography, probing, licking, devouring as her lovely responses ramped up in their physicality. Though time had lost meaning, my ministrations coaxed a strong flow of arousal from her. It ran along her creases in intoxicating rivulets of mead. My sipped and suckled all of her that I could, tonguing and mouthing her sodden, smooth and throbbing flesh. 

I traced my way up and down the length of her feminine crevasse, repeatedly swirling into the hollow of her hooded treasure. And each time, there followed a delightful and deep thrust of her hips towards me. Soon my hands dug into the soft curve of her womanly bottom, holding her against any possible escape while I became more serious, more ravenous. 

In no time her legs wrapped around my shoulders, her hand grasped me behind my neck and she pressed my face into her. She pressed herself against me. She cried out, shaking wildly. I encircled her tiny swollen mound and suckled vigorously. Laileet seemed to lose control in a most gratifying way. 

I reached for her breast and, once more, found her hands had staked claim. I looked at her hands. They pulled and twisted her thick nipples as she shook in my mouth. Her right hand covered my left and pressed my into her pillow-soft orb. The tip, full and erect, rolled between my fingers as her intimate pearl wriggled on the tip of my tongue. 

On an impulse my eyes went to her face. I found her staring at me. Her pink face very flushed, her lips were parted and, incredibly, memorably, her azure eyes riveted me. I nearly lost my rhythm, averted that error and redoubled my efforts to drive her onward. Her body replied by spasming again, ebbing and bursting once more. 

All the while her eyes held mine. 

Although I wanted this to go on and on for much longer, Laileet began to shudder and convulse in a way that let me know she had grown overly sensitive. I lightened my touches, everywhere, and she melted into the coverlet. I drew back just as she pushed me away. 

My head rested on her thigh while she recovered her poise. 

I felt myself throbbing, very aroused and wanting to experience more of her. I moved alongside and cradled her against my chest. We leaned together, her gaze ripping into my soul, and we kissed. 

They were long, sweet and slow, those kisses we shared, with a languid heat and growing intensity all their own. My hands roamed her generous curves and her thigh pressed to my swelling. 

She broke the kiss and breathed "Oh, Kelline, mmm, I need you . . ." 

We stared into one another. I pulled her to me so we rested on our sides. My hips moved forward and I positioned myself at her vestibule. My hand curved around the back of her thigh and she raised her leg, hooking her calf behind me. The fire that boiled within her, raging and turgid, enveloped my tip. With a collective moan I plunged into her liquefied inferno. 

Laileet moved towards me, holding eye contact as she drew me deeper. But as I neared the depths of her, I watched her lose focus. Her eyes rolled back, lidded fully, and she moaned. Her arms encircled my neck and she guided my head to the crook of her throat. I felt her shudder as I nestled myself at the depths of my reach. 

"Oh, yes," she breathed. I suckled at her neck and along her shoulder until I thought she was ready. Then I set up a slow cadence and moved within her. 

"Oh . . . oh, so . . . mmm, so . . . yes, there. Please . . ." 

She pulled my hair and held me just before her face. I caught myself looking at her with a mix of surprise, wonder and lust. Her eyes blazed forth like a shore beacon and I thrust harder, off my rhythm, drawn once again into her irises' depths. I could not fathom what it was about Laileet's stares, her gazes, her eyes that held me under some spell. All I knew was the power of it. 

She kissed me with hunger, her lips slick, her tongue curious, and her breath steamy. I noticed her nipples digging into my chest as our bodies pressed together. Only our hips moved apart before meeting again and again in rhythmic bliss. 

Laileet rolled onto her back, taking me with her until my weight came to rest on her lush figure. I rose from her, still rocking my hips into hers, and reached beneath her until the ample curves of her bottom filled my hands. Now my languid assault bore two fronts; I was able to pull her to meet my hardness with every forward movement. 

Her gasps and moans grew more intense and ragged. Her legs went around me and I felt her heels lock at my lower back. Her legs urged me, unspoken signals to coax me deeper and faster. 

At the same time I bent to her chest and laved her nipples, tasting her skin as it swelled and wrinkled in arousal. Each time I switched from one rigid nub to the other, Laileet would press herself to me, pin my head to the soft smoothness of her bosom, pale hills punctuated by taut, rosy nubs. 

She flowed hot and liquid as quickfire, moving her hips to wantonly collide with mine. Her treasured pearl was equally hard, and I felt it dragging along the top of my length with each thrust. She began shuddering in earnest and I knew her peak grew closer. 

Once more I looked into her glowing face, wondering what expression I would find there. And once more her eyes were upon me. She stared through a thick cloud of lust haze, gasping through parted lips that she wet with her pink tongue. I used my own tongue to circle her stiffened tip, batting it back and forth before surrounding it with my lips and suckling on her erect flesh. 

"Oooh!" She cried out as her body gripped me. Her legs grabbed my waist until my hip bones ached. She clung to me so tightly that her hug threatened to expel the air from my lungs. My strong hands tugged her from the mattress and I held her as she arched into me. 

The shudders became quakes, and the quakes became fitful spasms. Laileet climaxed beneath me. I felt warmth pulsing from her, coating me and pooling at our joining. With a final deep thrust I held myself still and shared my own warm pulses with my voluptuous lover. 

Laileet continued with her ultimate fulfillment for many delicious beats longer. I rose, still awed by her waning orgasm, and kissed her. My thighs felt the cool of evaporation even as she held me a little longer within her squelching heat. 

Her last shudder ebbed and I rolled beside her. Laileet cuddled against me, snuggling her face into the crook of my neck. I curled an arm around her and held her to my side. 

My respite was short-lived. Laileet and I explored many positions and techniques. But after another powerful climax I slowed everything down and began teasing her. I played her body's responses, working her closer and closer before holding back. Once she cooled a little then the buildup resumed. 

It took only a few cycles before she began staring at me with a wild, unfulfilled desire in her eyes. "Kelline," she gasped, "I need more than you are offering." Her hips moved towards my hand, seeking to draw my three fingers deeper as they thrust in and out of her. My opposite thumb and forefinger slipped her hood back and forth along the length of her swollen tip in the same rhythm. I kissed and nibbled on tender thighs. I looked up at her with a mischievous grin. She shoved her hips towards my mouth. 

"Kelline, Please do not torture me," she ordered in a harsh whisper. Her fingers manipulated each erect nipple, twisting and pulling them in a merciless quest for release. 

I spoke, though my hands continued their ministrations. "Please trust me in this. I want to prolong the pleasure while delaying your release—" 

She interrupted with a moderate edge of frustration. "But why?" 

It was almost pitiful. She was more aroused than she had been all session. Her excited aroma hung heavy on the air. Slickness glistened between her legs and ran downward, coating her flesh before reaching the bedding. I increased the pressure for a few heartbeats then eased up once more. 
