 1925. The year the first volume of Mein Kampf hit the streets, John Baird was just about done tinkering with his television invention... And Berlin was the capitol of vice and entertainment. Though which came first was up for grabs. 

Censorship had fallen with the Kaiser and the shock of defeat had left Germany scrambling for a desire to feel alive. And Berlin gave it to them...gave it to the world. Opium dens, Cabarets, cocaine tubes, Orchestras, Opera Houses, Homosexuals, Bisexuals, Transvestites, with about a 150 dens that catered to homosexuals, and triple that catering to everything else....Berlin was a hot spot for everyone. 

And this is where Olinda Reiter opened BlumeVerboten. The Forbidden Flower. From the moment Olinda stepped into the city...rumors flew about her. She came in by an old style coach, being driven by a man nearly seven feet tall with skin the color of polished onyx. They say she did not step from the carriage but floated from it, her heel clad feet never actually touching the ground. She bought the three level brick house with jewels rather than cash. And that the women she brought in over the next weeks were just as abnormal as she was. 

But well...what proof is there of that? 

~

Alexander Donovan was woken rudely by the shouts and cheers of his comrades. What was it about vacation that made sleep seem like a hassle? One look at his pocket watch told Donovan that he had slept for four hours, which according to his mates was one hour to many. 

"Come on Alex!" Randal said giving him a playful kick in the hip. "It's almost 10!" 

Alex sighed and sat up peering at the faces of his colleagues. Like many scholars of their time the group had decided to take a break from the monotony of schooling to see the world...and the one and only stop on their two week trip was Berlin. They'd partied through the night last night and into this morning. Watching Operas and seeing Burlesque shows. They'd meet up with another group of gents and found themselves debating the War and politics and a plethora of other things till almost three in the afternoon...sleep indeed. 

"what's it matter?" He asked looking around for the basin of water he'd brought up to wash his face the night before. 

"We are going to the Flower tonight." 

Ahhh yes, the gentlemen from the night...morning?...before had told them of the Forbidden Flower. And the stories they'd told had been surreal. But they'd all decided that they must see the show that seemed to have bordered on the fantastic this night, and one had to be there before 10:30...or the doors were shut. Once you went into the Forbidden Flower, the boys had said, You did not come out until the show was over. That was the rule. They went into lavish detail on the girls, perfection every one of them...

"But that Madam..." One said. 

And all of them gave a deep sigh. 

"What of her?" Randal had asked. 

"Nah, mate, you'd have to see her." 

And so they would. 

Alexander washed his face and checked to see if it needed a shave. Deciding against it he shrugged out of the suit he wore the night before and slipped into a different one, though it was hard to tell...a suit made of tweed was a suit made of tweed. Though admittedly this one was a darker brown rather than the almost coppery one of the night before. 

With a song on their lips and wallets full of money they marched off to the house of den, with no idea what they were really in for. 

~

"What do we do? Knock?" Jameson piped up as the looked at the large door covered with ornate carvings of debauchery. 

"Well...go on Alex...knock." Randal said pushing him towards the front. Alexander sighed and raised his fist, but the door swung open before he could knock. He stood there with his fist raised staring at the massive black man before him. 

"Jesus, Mary and Joseph." Jameson said. 

The others couldn't agree more. He was taller than even Alexander by half a foot, and the elegant three piece suit that covered him was stretched tight across expansive shoulders and an old bowler hat covered a perfectly bald head. 

"How many?" The man demanded in a voice so deep it reverberated off the brick walls.

"Five." Alexander said promptly. 

He looked them all over. "No weapons." 

He looked at all of them, they all shook their heads and opened their jackets as if to show they indeed had no weapons among them. 

"New?" 

"Yes." 

He smiled for the first time showing perfectly white teeth. 

"Welcome to the Forbidden Flower, follow me." 

He turned and lead them inside, but they got only as far as the foyer before they heard a sweet yet sultry voice call down. 

"I'll lead them Mustafa, there is a problem with the lights...perhaps...?" 

"Yes Mistress." The large black manned bowed and moved out of the way revealing a large staircase, and a woman who could only be the Olinda the other men had spoken of. She wasn't perfect, her nose was a little long and her legs were a little short...but there was something about her....

Her hair was a dark luscious brown, the color of good chocolate , pinned up in an elaborate spiraling bun. Her vividly blue eyes watched them stare up at her, and they filled with amusement. Her skin was a soft cream color, but her body...her body was something else entirely. 

A great amount of women in Berlin were living off of rations and cocaine, which left them while attractive, thin at best. This was not a rule of all the women in the city, and it certainly did not apply to Mistress Olinda. 

She was clad in what looked almost like an old fashioned schoolmarm dress, with a bustle of fabric that started at the small of her back and fanning out over her bum. It had a high neck collar with a brooch that seemed to be, of all things, a skeletal hand. The outfit would have been conservative indeed if a large diamond shaped piece had not been cut away between the breasts, and two large triangular slits had not been made in the skirt to reveal her legs with every step. She had the body of a pagan goddess of lust. 

Alexander's mind went back to ancient pictures of goddesses carved into walls and painted on vases, with round full breasts and wide hips that made you want to grip them....Yes, Olinda could have been a pagan goddess of lust. 

"Good evening gentlemen." she said in flawless English. 

"Good evening Mistress." They all chorused....now why had they done that? The confusion disappeared as she let out a bright happy laugh. They had made Mistress Olinda laugh...why did it matter they'd answered back to her like schoolboys? 

"Come on then, I am sure you are anxious to take your seats and see what all the fuss is about?" 

They nodded, "Alright then...follow me..." 

She swept past them, and Alexander caught the scent of ripe berries in summer sun. He closed his eyes and took the scent in with a smile, but his reverie was broken when he felt a warm arm link through his. His eyes flew open, and there she was guiding him forward and down the hall towards another set of doors. 

"My my, you're a big boy aren't you..." She said smoothly. 

He felt himself flush, "Uhhh..." How does one answer that without sounding like a fool?

She laughed again and patted his arm comfortingly, sending soft waves of pleasure over him, "This way my sweet scholars this way."

When they got to the doors she gave a short rhythmic knock, and they swung inward. There were more men here, these ones dressed in what looked like etched bits of sparse armor. 

"Don't let them worry you, they are here to keep the girls safe. I don't put up with foul play, and I don't put up with fights among my customers, this is a place of joy and lust...not some low scale brothel." She nodded to the gladiator like men and lead them inside. 

The Main Room was large, the entire downstairs aside from the stairway and the entry hall must have been knocked out to make this vast room. There was a large circle stage in the center, with a catwalk leading back to a set of curtains and around that were a great many chairs and tables, and in the very center of the stage there was a large chair, slanted back into a lounging position. Alexander eyed it curiously. 

"You'll see." Olinda said with a smile, going up on her toes and giving Alexander's cheek a soft kiss, leaving behind a plum colored kiss...it wasn't until later that he would realize she hadn't been wearing lipstick...and left them at a table close to the stage. They sat down and gave Alex a friendly slap on the back as he touched the place she'd kissed him. It was odd...of all the women he'd seen in the past week...and goodness he'd seen a lot of them...Olinda seemed to demand his infatuation...and he seemed only to eager to give it. He shook his head. 

"What a minx." He said blinking. 

"Indeed, would love to have her purring for me though." Randal said making the others to laugh. 

Alexander chuckled and shook his head looking about. Indeed the place was already half full and it was hardly quarter after. But what caught his eye was the variations of guests. There were political representatives and the impoverished. There were Germans, French, British, and even a group of Americans. There were several groups of women and a few mixed groups as well. And this mesh continued until the entire Hall was full. Alexander shook his head. He'd become quiet aware that bisexuals and lesbians were outspoken in Berlin, but usually kept to their own dens. He ran his hand through his long dark hair and sat back waiting for the show. 

The lights went down, apparently Mustafa had fixed them, leaving them all n pitch blackness. A hush seemed to go across the room broken only by a few nervous chuckles and hopeful whipsers but even these desisted when a single spotlight flashed unto the stage. Alexander turned, frowning not seeing the source of the light. There was a gasp and he turned back to the stage. 

"She...just appeared there..." Fredric said off to Alexander's right. 

And there she was again, dressed in something that looked almost roman, A flowing gown, belted just below her ample breasts decorated with golden chains, it was simple...but flattering. She stepped further into the light and Alexander took in a slow breath, the dress was near transparent, he could make out every curve of her luscious body, from that silky almost 'S' shape of her back and ass, to the flow of her short but fit legs. 

"Ladies, and gentlemen." She said, her voice ringing clearly over the crowd, "Welcome to my Home." 

They all gave a chuckle. 

"You have come to be dazzled, delighted, and transported to another world. Congratulations, you have come to the right place, tonight I will tantalize...please....frighten...and soothe you. Well...not just me." 

Another soft chuckle. 

"Tonight you will see women you didn't believe could exist, women lost to myth and fairy tales, tonight you will loose yourself in them, and they will be happy to make you forget. We welcome you to fantasy, we welcome you to your dreams made real..." 

She smiled and stepped back, her dress becoming a covering sheath once again. " We welcome you, to the Forbidden Flower." 

A small applause rang up and the Mistress stepped back, gliding prettily down the cat walk. She disappeared inside the curtains, and yet they could still hear her. "Our first lady tonight...come from the Isles of Myth, from Avalon where witches and Faye still dwell." 

The curtain opened slowly to reveal the silhouette of a woman in a gauzy sort of gown. The spotlight came partway down the walk and she walked forward her eyes still closed. 

"We call her Faye, and I'll let her tell you the rest of the story...." 

Olinda's voice disappeared and all eyes rested on the dainty female who was walking forward, it was difficult to make out anything about her, but she seemed...so small....dainty. Her long hair came to her knees and when she stepped into the light he could see that her flowing waves were the color of spun copper. She dropped the gown revealing herself to all. She was...cute. There wasn't another word for the little pixie on stage. Her face was distinctly elfish, with a pointed chin and dainty nose. Her almond shaped eyes were still closed...but her body was delicate looking. She had sweet handful sized breasts with little pointed nipples, her smooth flat belly ended in a hairless cleft. She continued forward towards the stage and smiled opening her eyes...and even from here Alexander could see they were perfectly green. 

Music started...a chiming like a soft silver bell...and she looked out over the audience...searching. She lifted her arms high above her head....her glorious golden red waves trembling as she began to move. It was and easy sort of dance...she stepped forward, as if over a rung...and then again....turning this way and that, her little breasts jiggling as she moved. 

"The dance of swords..." Said Jameson. 

And indeed it was, if there had been swords there, she would have been stepping over them...it was a slow sort of jig. She glanced up and gave Jameson a wink as the music picked up. She raised her hands again and began to clap causing her perfect breasts to bounce. And then...then she began to sing...and Alexander's mind filled with images. Little Faye...dressed now in the simple shift and petticoat of a farmers daughter in old Ireland. She was dancing still...in celebration of something...a wedding perhaps...and laughing...a glorious silvery laugh that lit her young face in the way only innocence can....and suddenly a hand reached forward and took her, the hand of a highwayman...she smiled and the two bounded off for the woods...

It happened so quickly...Faye kissed the highwayman ravaging his mouth with hers. His rough unshaven face prickly against her smooth soft cheeks. He smiled and gave her little bum a swift smack feeling it tighten under his palm in response. She through her head back with a moan and he swatted her again. 

"Are you naughty for me?" He asked her. 

"Yes...for you."

"Are you a whore for me?" 

She paused looking up at him wide eyed. He pulled her tight against his body and spanked her again.

"Yes! I'm a whore for you." He pressed her roughly against him and she could feel him hard against her belly. She trembled and cried out feeling her cunt grow wet in response.

"Good." he said sweeping her up into his arms. He moved through the woods and set her down as they found a thatch of ferns to crash together upon. 

The highwayman's hands disappeared up her skirt and Alexander could almost feel that bare sweet pubis against his own hand...smooth soft velvet like skin...

The highwayman pulled down the dress down to reveal one of Faye's sweet little breasts he dipped his head down lavishing the entire mound with his mouth. He traced the underside with the tip of his tongue making her arch beneath him. And circle around to the top of the round bit of flesh, purposefully missing her nipple.

"More..." She pleaded softly. 

"More? More what my dear?" 

"Please...lick my nipple..." 

He smiled and lapped at the tip...just barely, making her cry in desperation. 

"What? Does that not please my pixie?" 

"More!" She demanded gripping his hair and crushing his face to her tiny breast. He smiled and sucked the tiny nip into his mouth lavishing it with his flicking tongue till she was vibrating against him. 

He could hear her soft moans of desire as she opened her legs for him...smooth soft legs...his fingers plunged into her feeling her little sheath wrap around his digits like a vice. 

Alexander could smell her desire as the Highwayman fingered her...like hot honeysuckle...the images continued in her mind vividly as if he were standing over them...watching.

Her pale hands groped into his pants, grabbing his stiff cock with bold familiarity...and Alexander had took look down at himself to make sure there was not a silky hand rubbing him...

The moans of need filled his mind and the scent of honeysuckle made him passionately drunk. The highway man pushed Faye's legs wide open tucking her knees high up near her ears exposing that sweet little flower like labia. He pulled his pants down just enough to expose his long thick member. He rubbed just the head of his engorged gland over that dripping slit teasing her cunt with his cock. She clutched her breasts tightly, twirling her nipples with her thumb and middle finger as she begged him to take her, to have her...begged him to fuck her. And only when she said that word...only when she begged to be fucked like a whore did he bury his godlike shaft into her tiny elfin pussy. 

Alexander bit his lip to keep from groaning, he could feel that hot moistness around his cock...he could feel it coating his rod like warm velvet. He could feel her bucking beneath him...hot...wild...wet....

And suddenly it stopped. Alexander blinked, trembling. He was filled suddenly with disappointment, and from some of the things other patrons were calling out they were feeling the same. On the stage Faye stood, naked and smiling as she bowed to the audience. 

"Thank you Faye for that marvelous introduction..." Mistress Olinda had come out from the curtains still wearing her noble roman robes. "I know...we'd all like our beloved Faye to continue...but...there are other girls and time is so short...." 

This placated the crowd a little bit and Alexander couldn't help but wonder...if that was only the first act? What was to follow?