 Her flimsy white dress blew out around her in the wind as Lela hugged her arms to her chest, wishing desperately that she'd brought a coat. Trees towered over her alongside the path but did little to block the wind, they were mostly leafless this time of year. She shivered and pulled her arms tighter around herself, thinking fleetingly of going home but instantly rejecting the idea.

Something about the wording in the letter she received held her here. The things it said had sounded ridiculous but it seemed almost deadly serious. So she stood here in the moonlight at the entrance to the forest just outside town, waiting for midnight to strike. Perhaps she was the ridiculous one. She wasn't missing a chance to gain the power the letter had mentioned though. Even if it would involve this. You must be prepared to give yourself to a man entirely, the letter had stated. If this was some cheap ploy to get her in bed she'd kill whoever was behind it, but if they could actually give her the power they promised... she smiled despite the cold. It would all be worth it then.

A jacket would have at least made the waiting bearably but her instructions had been very clear. Wear only a single white dress and dark shoes, nothing else, but you may wear any jewelry you want. Odd instructions she thought, but it was worth going through some discomfort for what she had been promised. Another shiver caught her and she thought again that she should have brought a coat. It could have even been white.

She was wearing one of the only white dresses she owned, it wasn't really her color. The dress was sleeveless with thin spaghetti straps that came down into a V-shape over her ample breasts. It tightened around her waist before flaring out into a lace cut-out patter as it reached almost to her feet. At least it offered her legs some small protection from the wind. She had on black flats which were already dirty enough she was probably going to throw them out when she got home. Her long jet-black hair hung down just past her shoulders. She felt uncomfortable with it loose like this. She always kept it tightly tied up at work. Far be it for any of those bastards to see anything feminine about her.

She gritted her teeth just thinking about the office. The only thing worse than the glass ceiling was enduring the lecherous glances those morons gave her. As if she was too stupid to see it! They weren't even subtle enough to wait until her back was turned half of the time. Making the hour-long drive from her small town into the city was hell in the morning, thinking about what she'd have to put up with.

Thinking about the times someone would grab her ass on the way out of a conference room, or accidentally brush a hand against her chest in the elevator, made her mad enough to forget the cold. The only time she'd dared to complain her boss had told her in no uncertain terms that she'd have to learn to deal with her coworkers if she wanted to keep working here. She'd show him though, that asshole. She'd show all of them.

A bird's call and a flutter of wings from a tree nearby startled her enough that she flinched, jerking her arms up towards her head. A crow burst out from the forest and soared up into the dark sky above her until it was lost. She lowered her arms and breathed a sigh of relief. This was getting to her too much; maybe it was time to forget about it.

"Lela, we are ready for you," a deep male voice came from the woods. She jumped again, her heartbeat racing. She hadn't heard anyone approach. She turned back toward the woods and saw two figures standing on the path leading into the trees, both wearing full-length black robes with hoods drawn up over their heads. In the moonlight she couldn't make out any details of their faces.

"You kept me waiting long enough," she said sharply, trying to cover her fear, "let's go."

"Not so fast," the other figure spoke, raising his head slightly and bringing up his hands. In them Lela could see what looked like rope.

"I can walk myself," she said quickly, taking a step back. What was she getting herself into?

"You must be bound for the journey," the other figure said, "however we will do nothing against your will."

He raised an arm, the hand barely visible at the end of a long black sleeve, and pointed back the way she'd come. "You may leave now if you wish, and no one will speak of this to you again."

"No," she said, struggling to make her heart stop beating so far, "No I'm ready."

The figure holding the rope walked around behind her and she stood still, peering at the other figure. She hoped figure out what he looked like but it was impossible without more light. She felt her hands pulled back behind her and tied together gently but firmly. The ropes were smooth and didn't hurt her wrists. As the man tying her finished she gave an experimental tug at the knot but the ropes didn't budge at all. Smooth but strong. She wouldn't be getting out of this herself.

She had to bite back panic again as a cloth strip descended over her field of vision. She could feel him tying it behind her head so it fit snugly over her eyes.

"Is the really necessary?" She asked, her voice sounding higher than she meant it to.

"Do you want to leave?" A voice came from in front of her.

"No," she said again, lowering her head with a resigned sigh. Apparently that was all she was going to get out of them. If they thought they could bully her for long they'd have another thing coming. She'd show everyone when all this was over.

She felt a hand on each of her shoulders and she was pulled forwards. She stumbled and the hands tightened on her arms, keeping her upright until she regained her footing. She blew to move a strand of hair that had drifted in front of her face and started again, stepping carefully with the hands guiding her. She walked slowly, holding herself back, afraid of tripping completely or running into a tree. After a few yards she loosened up and began to walk faster, begrudgingly trusting the invisible hands to guide her.

They walked for what seemed like ages, going in a direction she thought was deeper into the woods. She tried to ask a question once but was greeted with silence from both sides and didn't try again. A few times her feet caught against a root or a rock in the path and she stumbled but each time the men holding her arms kept her upright. She thanked them the first time but after getting only silence in return she didn't bother the next few times.

Wonder and anxiety had finally started to turn to boredom when at last they pulled her to a stop. She could feel warmth coming from somewhere ahead and hear what sounded like a fire crackling.

"Who are you?" a voice came from somewhere in front of her. The man on her right prodded her roughly in the side and she stepped forward, surprised.

"Lela Norwood," she said, her voice shaking.

"What is your name?" the voice ahead of her repeated.

"Lela Norwood," she said with more certainty.

"What is your name?" the voice said again, louder this time.

Lela turned her head to look back and forth, as if she could somehow see the answer through her blindfold. With a sinking heart she realized what they wanted.

"Delilah Norwood," she said with her head downcast. Just saying her full name made her feel ashamed. It wasn't a fitting name for a business woman.

"Delilah Norwood," the voice continued, making her flinch, "are you prepared?"

"Yes," she said quickly. She'd read the note and had no illusions about what this would involve, but she'd fucked people for worse reasons. She'd survived college, hadn't she? One night of faking enthusiasm and she'd have everything she wanted.

She felt the ropes on her hands loosen and fall away. Gratefully she rubbed her hands together trying to restore circulation, that horrible pins-and-needles feeling was covering them now. She hadn't thought the ropes were that tight.

Hands were on her arms again, leading her forwards. She walked more confidently now that she could hold her hands out in front of her. She was stopped again soon but she could hear rustling around her, and feel eyes staring at her. It was a feeling she'd grown quite accustomed to noticing. Lela pulled her head up high and reminded herself it would all be over soon.

She felt hands on her sides pulling the fabric of her dress up and she stiffened. There was no way to tell how many people were around her but her dress rose smoothly as they gathered the folds of it up. She felt them pull it up around her hips and over her stomach. They were especially careful pulling it over her breasts and up around her blindfolded head as they removed it from her body. Her naked breasts flopped awkwardly against her as they came free and she had to resist reaching up to grab them. She hated not wearing a bra.

Lela felt someone readjusting her blindfold to make sure it was still securely over her eyes. She stood clad only in black panties and a blindfold, facing an unknown number of men. Heat from the fire beat against her body, warming her pale skin. More hands were pushing against her left ankle now. She raised her leg slightly and they pulled her shoe off then repeated the movement for the other foot. The ground felt soft under her feet, not rough like she'd expected.

A hush crept over the crowd; she could feel everyone get still. Worse she could feel a million eyes boring into her. She fought the urge to turn and cover herself with her arms. There was no reason to show weakness in front of these people.

"You were instructed to wear nothing but a white dress!" Came a voice again from in front of her, and before she could open her mouth to defend herself she felt ice cold metal press against her left hip. She jerked away involuntarily but hands were there to hold her still. The hands were freezing too and goose bumps broke out across her skin. A shiver went through her body as the cold metal at her hip sliced through the thin fabric of her panties.

"Those are silk!" she cried out on protest but no one answered as the knife cut through her panties on the right side and they were pulled away. She heard the fire crackle and voices around her laughed. They'd burned one of her best pairs of underwear!

"Come forward," the voice ahead of her called out, making no mention of the protests she'd uttered.

Lela waited for the usual hands to take her shoulders but nothing happened. After a few seconds she hesitantly stepped forward with one foot then brought the other one up so she was standing a few inches closer to the voice.

"Continue," she heard.

Still weary she began to slowly walk forward. Each step was slow and delicate while she searched with her foot for obstacles before putting it down. It must have taken her a few minutes to move twenty feet and she was perspiring both from the fire and the concentration it took. Her struggle was finally brought to an end when the man in front of her spoke again.

"Stop," the voice came again and Lela gratefully lowered the foot she'd been about to move with and stood still, straining to see anything through the blindfold. Suddenly it was loosened and lifted off her head leaving Lela blinking in the sudden light of a bonfire in front her.

The first thing she saw as her eyes adjusted was a man standing directly before her in front of the fire. He was silhouetted by the light behind him leaving his features a mask of black but she could tell he wore the same robe as the men who'd brought her here except his hood was thrown back revealing the outline of short hair and a strong looking neck.

As her eyes grew accustomed to the light she could make out more figures standing in a circle around them. Something told her it would be a bad idea to turn around and look behind her but she guessed there were maybe twenty people in all enclosing her, the stranger, and the bonfire.

"Are you ready Delilah?" he asked.

She took a second now to glance back and forth a little to get a better feel for her surroundings. Everyone in the circle was wearing the same full-length black robe with a hood pulled over their head and many of them were holding torches up, but to the side so their faces weren't illuminated.

"I'm ready," Lela said as she mentally resigned herself to whatever was about to happen.

The figure reached out his hand with the palm up, fingers curled expectantly, and she put her hand in his. He turned and led her around the bonfire. The ground felt nice against her feet and the fire's heat played off her skin.

As they rounded the large fire she saw a large five-pointed star painted on the ground. It must have been over six feet across, with lines as wide as her head in white seemingly painted onto the moss covering the ground. She stared at the man leading her and he released her hand then gestured towards the circle. She didn't move though, instead she stood still just staring at him in confusion.

"Lay down," he said after a few moments and pointed again to the circle.

Lela shook her head to clear her thoughts and moved slowly towards it. As her foot crossed the outer circle she felt a jolt like when touching a doorknob shocked her. She hesitated with one foot on each side of the line, her naked body half in and half out of the circle, before pushing herself to continue walking until she stood in the center.

Gingerly Lela lowered herself to the ground but found it still quite comfortable, if chilly. She lay back with her head away from the fire and her feet pointed towards it. Around her she heard more footsteps and looked up to see a hooded figure coming to stand at each point of the star. There were five of them in all and each carried a torch. They pushed back their hoods now and she was surprised to see that it was not all men but women too. She even knew some of them!

A woman standing near her left foot worked at a little shop in town, and she thought she recognized the man behind her from the grocery store in town. If his face wasn't upside down to her she'd know for certain.

The man in charge stopped her from wondering as he stepped between her and the fire. Facing away from her towards the fire he bent forwards, reaching down with both hands, and grasped the bottom of his robe. He pulled it up slowly over his body revealing handsome legs and a tight looking butt. His back was no less manly and as he pulled the robe over his head and tossed it aside she could see his short but wild looking hair settle back into place. Perhaps this wouldn't be so bad after all.

The stranger turned towards here with firelight shining over his shoulders and she drew her breath in sharply. His cock was fully erect and she saw it in profile as he turned, he was huge. He walked towards her slowly and she braced herself for the inevitable too-quick penetration but all he did was kneel down in front of her.

"You may call me master for tonight," he said in a soft gentle voice. Somehow it didn't come off as obnoxious, but as if that really was his name.

He didn't wait for a reply before taking one of her ankles in each hand and slowly sliding her legs apart. Lela bent them at the knee, pulling them back towards herself and out for a more comfortable position.

"You must be cold," the man, Master, continued, "let me warm you up."

He bent forward, running his hands up to her knees and then down along her thighs. He slowly lowered his head to follow them until she felt his warm breath against her sex.

An involuntary shudder ran through her as his tongue gently brushed her nether lips. She bit her tongue to stifle a moan and dug her fingers into the soft moss on the ground as his tongue continued its explorations. Gently he licked the length of her slit before poking his tongue into her folds, searching for her clitoris. He found it quickly and she moaned aloud as he ran his tongue in circles around her little bump. 

Lela could feel herself getting wet as he toyed with her, but if he minded he didn't show it. He was lapping at her more deeply now, running his tongue up and down her slit. As he hit her clit again she couldn't keep herself from arching her back and calling out "Master!"

She grabbed the back of his head with one hand, twisting her fingers through his unruly hair as she let her hips grind against his mouth. He worked his tongue expertly, lapping at her juices until she thought she'd scream.

He must have sensed she was close to climaxing because he pulled his head back. Despite her unconscious efforts to hold him against her crotch he moved back easily. He was strong; she could feel it in his grip on her thighs.

"Are you ready Delilah?" He asked her. The light from the torches behind her head showed her juices still glistening on his lips.

"I'm ready," She replied hoarsely, not even flinching at the sound of her full name. From this stranger's lips it sounded almost mystical.

He leaned back, kneeling in a pose that made her think of Japanese geisha, and raised his arms to the sky. Behind him the fire blazed up as it someone had thrown petrol on it and he called out in a deep guttural tone words that she couldn't make out.

Around them the five torch bearing figures began a slow rhythmic chant. It started off barely audible but soon Lela could make out distinct syllables even if she couldn't understand them. From outside the circle the sound of drumming started, matching the slow chant.

Before Master, lowered his hands and looked down at her. She tried to meet his gaze evenly but she was still breathing hard from the tonguing he'd given her. He looked her in the eyes as he leaned forward again and lowered himself down until his naked body was pressed against hers.

Supporting himself with one hand he reached between her legs and guided his bulging member to the opening of her cunt. She felt the tip of it brush against her dripping wet slit. It felt so good she clenched up automatically, twisting her hips towards him. Master smiled as he entered her, his cock forcing her wide open as it plunged deep into her waiting pussy.

He grunted, lowing himself onto her more as so his head came down on her shoulder. He began to thrust into her slowly and rhythmically, keeping time with the chanting going on around them. She wrapped her arms around his back, digging the nails into his skin. He felt amazing inside her, it had been so long since she'd felt anything other than her vibrator, and it wasn't this big.

The speed of his thrusts increased steadily until she was bucking her hips against him wildly, her mouth opened in a wordless scream as his cock mercilessly pounded into her. The chant was faster now, matching his thrusts into her, running like a constant melody in her head.

"Oh god it's so good," she finally managed to yell.

"Are you ready?" Master asked.

"I'm so ready," Delilah squeaked out between gasps. She was losing herself in the chanting, losing herself to this handsome stranger.

"Then say it!" He commanded with his mouth right beside her ear.

"I'm ready!" She screamed, looking up at the stars through the trees overhead.

"What is your name?" He asked.

"Master!" She said, her head foggy from the endorphins rushing through her, thinking he wanted her to call his name aloud.

"Your name!" He yelled into her ear, "Say it!"

"Delilah," she said softly, unsure of herself.

"Yell it!" He shouted, "Proclaim it to the heavens!"

She paused for a second to gather her breath as his hips slammed against hers, driving his cock deep inside her with every thrust. The figures around them were chanting quickly, the drumbeat a fury of blows in the background.

"I am Delilah!" She screamed over his shoulder, staring up towards the black sky.

At the sound of her name he released inside her. She felt him shove against her one final time and stay pressing deeply into her as jets of hot cum shot from his cock inside her. She could feel him twitch with each spurt until at last he collapsed panting on top of her.
