 © 2009, Kuffsnkeys

Darkness suddenly enveloped the desolate forest as the char blackened clouds erased the setting sun. The wind howled and whirled as frail, fallen leaves gyred up between the gnarled, twisted trunks of the trees, elevated on a cold, biting, column of late autumn air. Thick clumps of long hanging mosses whipped and danced from the extended branches as the sudden storm descended on the Clarvian Forest, sending the frightened elf children scampering toward the safety of their home. 

They were off fishing in the clear waters of Applian Creek, surrounded by golden aspens and shimmering cottonwoods, enjoying the final crisp days of the evanescent season, before the long dark winter set upon them. It was their intention to be home before the arrival of the utter blackness of night, before the nefarious creatures awoke from their lairs to torment them. 

Their cloaks whipped and whirled around their scampering legs, lightning flashed above the treetops and thunderous booms crackled above the cathedral of the old growth trees sending chills down their spines and foreboding gloom into their hearts.

"Come on! Hurry," Eaav yelled to his younger siblings. The four of them were caught off guard by the sudden storm, which seemed to originate from nowhere; without warning, it was upon them. Before they had the chance to gather their wooden fishing poles and basket of caught trout, the pale light of the dusk sun was ripped away, leaving a blanket of ashen colors and a deep hopelessness that roused their nightmares. 

Quickly, they gathered their possessions, fighting the howling wind, and made hastily down the earthen path toward the safety of the Avdarks. Eaav, Eden, Miikel and their younger sister, panicked by the echoing thunder, inadvertently lost the trail. They rambled through the woods, running blindly when they accidentally stumbled over the exposed roots of the deformed trees. Eaav, the eldest at eighteen, fell to the wet ground and slid thirty feet down the steep gully, landing painfully into the frigid creek below and was carried off by the steady current. 

Eden and Miikel, frightened to their very core, turned and ran back the way they came until they found the trail through the torrent of wind driven leaves, and galloped away, hand in hand, unwittingly leaving their twelve year old little sister behind, abandoning her to the vile things that lurked in the darkness.

Like her brother, she too took a stumble over the ragged, exposed roots, falling hard to the soggy earth. Unfortunately, she found herself perched along the top of the same ravine that had just claimed her oldest brother. 

The darkness within the forest was nearly absolute, nothing but shadow. The wind whirled through the trees, whistling like a demon calling in its quarry. She began to slide on the wet leaves and mosses, into the heart of the ravine. 

She screamed! 

"Eaav! Help me!"

No one answered. Only the bloodcurdling wail of the malevolent gale filled her pointed ears.

"Oh my God, I'm falling!" Her cries for help were muffled by the rumpus of the wind.

She clawed at the dirt, desperately looking for something to grab onto. Her feet kicked and scratched at the slope as she slipped deeper into the abyss. Her heart pounded rapidly in her chest, her green iridescent eyes opened wide with terror. 

Sliding deeper... Getting darker... No hope...

She flailed her hands about wildly as she sank down into the chasm. She was slipping faster when her dainty foot found a small rock outcropping, momentarily stopping her fall. She clung to the wet, slimy layer of decaying leaves that blanketed the forest floor, shivering as the first heavy drops of rain began to fall from the murky heavens. She bit her lower lip and prayed to the Gods to not let her fall into the torrent of water raging beneath her. 

She was frozen with fear as lightning continued to flash and the thunder reverberated throughout her tiny body. The wind caught the hood of her cloak, wrenching off her head. The rain, now falling in silvery sheets, soaked her black hair and streaked it down her face like a veil, covering her eyes. Blinded, she dug her nails and fingertips into the wet detritus, pulling herself tightly against the face of the ravine.

The flurry of leaves, wind, and rain battered the poor elf child as she stood precariously atop the jutting rock. The blowing wind whipped her cloak and hair around her body. The wetness chilled her flesh, turning her knuckles a pale white as she clinched tightly to the side of the slope. Beneath her foot, the rock began to slip away from its perch in the side of the ravine; slowly, it pulled out of the soil, until it fell away, leaving the girl screaming for help, hanging by her buried fingertips. Her grip, weak and cold, failed, sending her plummeting, head over heels, into the icy water below.

The shock of the fall and the piercing cold of the creek stung her body. She gasped for air, only to swallow mouthfuls of the turbid water. The weight of her clothes and her lack of strength pulled her deeper into the depths. She kicked and flung her arms desperately. 

Dark...Cold...Drowning...

She reached toward the black surface and grabbed a floating branch that was recently blown into the creek by the gale that had severed it from the tree it once grew. She pulled her face from the water and inhaled the life giving air, only to be sucked under once more. She fought the current with all her might, bobbing and thrashing about the violent water. She was washed downstream, nearly drowned, before fortune found her tangled in a mess of roots and branches that had cluttered on the bank of the swollen creek. 

She was able to pull herself to the shore and crawl up the muddy bank, gasping for air as the torrential rain fell upon her cold, wet form. Flashes of lightning...Booms of thunder... 

After several minutes and her breath caught, she lifted her head; her hair was streaked and caked across her face as she looked around. Her tapetum eyes took in her surroundings. The forest was thick with massive trees that were covered with long serpentine mosses and giant ferns blanketed the leaf covered soil. 

She spotted a cubby underneath the exposed roots of a tree for which she was able to crawl and get out of the rain. She huddled into a ball, hugging her knees to her chest and covered herself with her soaked, muddy cloak, feebly trying to get warm. Shivering, she began to sob softly as she became overwhelmed by her near death experience. Nestled under the root, her body shook and her teeth clatter from the cold. She was scared beyond belief and frightened that her brothers may be worse off than herself. 

Nearly an hour had passed when the rain and wind remarkably faded. As quickly as it came upon her, the storm departed, leaving the forest drenched and cloaked in a thick fog. The clouds fractured, allowing the moon to shine through the cathedral of trees, illuminating the forest ever so slightly, just enough for the elf to see what was around her. She crawled out of her hiding place and stood, surveying the forest for danger and a way home. Her pointed elf ears listened for any sounds. 

Drip...drip...drip...as jewels of sparkling rainwater beaded off the leaves and fell to the soggy ground. Up in the trees, the black ravens cawed and hopped from branch to branch, annoyed by the intruder beneath them.

She hugged her cloak to her wet body and was about to take the first tentative step when, Crack! A stick snapped in the distance. She froze...She listened...The rustling of wet leaves. Another snap! A faint clang of metal against metal. 

Someone was coming. 

She crouched, hidden amongst the ferns and roots. "Is it her brothers?" She thought. "What is that?"

Whispering voices. Footsteps. A shadowy silhouette. Short, slightly hunched, with pointed ears and a flat, pan face and long pointed nose. A second silhouette! They were walking, or stalking, in her direction. They stopped, scanning the forest. One turned to the other and whispered in a foul language. 

"Oh no!" she thought to herself. "Goblins are coming!" 

The little elf-girl knew about goblins from her studies. She knew they were cursed, evil, and wicked. They came out only at night because they hated the sunshine; it burned their skin and eyes. Goblins were rare in this area, which was patrolled by the warrior elves from her home village of Clarva. There had not been a goblin attack or even a goblin sighting for years in this forest. That was the only reason why her parents allowed her and her brothers to go fishing and hiking so far from home without them. 

She and her brothers came this way all the time; As long as they were home before dark, there was nothing to worry about. They would have been home on time had it not been for this sudden storm. She had no idea where her brothers were, but she knew they were out there somewhere in the opaque wilderness; out there with the goblins. 

GOBLINS!!!

The goblins huddled together, looking at the ground. They looked at the branches of the nearby ferns, studying them. They crouched and examined the grasses. She knew what they were up to. They were tracking something -- or someone; they were reading the ground. 

She crouched as low as she could. The moon slipped behind the dark, fissured clouds, casting a pure blackness on the forest. Her eyes adjusted quickly, allowing her to see the goblins. Goblins, too, could see in the dark, but not nearly as well as a forest elf. No one can see in the dark better then a forest elf, save for maybe cave dwellers and dragons. 

The goblins continued tracking their prey. They skirted around the edge of the ravine to the creek, heading downstream. Thankfully, there were only two of them. 

"Wait. What is that!?" she thought.

"No! Make that three!" Three contorted silhouettes now approached from the gloom.

She listened and surveyed the distance for more, but none were to be found. They continued their hunt. Shoulder to shoulder they walked the ravine. Soon, they came upon something that caught their attention. They stopped and excitedly pointed at the ground. They quietly spoke to each other before turning in her direction. They had found her trail! The drag marks she left when she crawled from the creek would lead them right to her. 

"Oh, no! What do I do!" she thought. Her heart thumped violently in her chest. 

The goblins began to follow the trail toward her, not knowing that they were only fifty feet away from her; only fifty feet away from a fresh meal. Tender meat right off the bone and hot blood to quench their thirst and warm their wet, chilled bellies. Only fifty feet from an elf girl that they would love nothing more than to fuck and plunder; to rape her, defile her regardless of her youth. 

Goblins care nothing about fucking twelve year old elf girls. Their green, surprisingly large and thick cocks would get stiff as nails at the thought of finding a twelve year old elf girl alone in the forest. They would fuck her, sodomize her and stuff her in every way they could. If a lack of hunger allowed, they would carry her off to their camp and allow the others to have their perverse ways with her. After tormenting her child body, they would undoubtedly kill and eat her, bones and all. Goblins were and are indeed nasty little creatures.

The elf-girl's mind raced as she thought of a way out. They were only thirty feet away now. They were almost on top of her when one of them looked ahead and spotted her. As if he almost frightened himself, the cowardly little goblin jumped backwards and yelled to his partners, "There it is!"

The goblins locked eyes with the elf. They stared at each other in surprise for several moments. She saw their reddish, snake-like eyes glaring at her. Their green, wet skin shone like that of a reptile. Their pointed teeth and wide, broad mouths hung open under their long, curved noses. The goblins on the other hand, saw a pair of lovely green, iridescent eyes sparkling in the moonlight. High cheek bones, lightly freckled. Full, pert lips and a sexy narrow chin. Without a doubt, an elf...a young female elf, albeit. 

"It's an Elf-girl! Get her!" one of them shouted. 

They charged her, stumbling over the ragged roots of the tree where she was hiding, allowing her just enough time to turn and run. Her legs carried her faster than ever. She darted through the trees, under arching roots, over stumps and between clusters of tall, thick grass stalks. Wet, glimmering spider webs wrapped her face, hands and arms as she ran, sending droplets of water misting in all directions. 

The goblins, hungering for the tasty, perverted, pleasure that awaited them gave chase. They freed their swords from the scabbards and clutched their spears as they ran down their victim. They licked their lips and screamed their wicked war cry. 

The girl's skin crawled at the sound of the horrific chants. She knew all too well what would happen if they caught her. She knew the horrors the goblins bestowed upon their victims. She ran for her life.

"It's the season, ripe for bleed'n; 

If we catch you, spread for breed'n!" They sang as they gave chase.

The goblins, not less than fifteen feet behind, were gaining on her. The girl was being weighted down by her waterlogged cloak. It hung heavy, wrapping around her feet and legs as she ran, nearly tripping her several times. It almost got hung up on the thorny ferns and broken stumps of the forest floor. She reached up and pulled the clamp on the front of her neck, freeing the cloak, allowing it to fall free from her body as she jumped and dodged the trees and branches. 

"We're gonna fuck your elf cunt tonight; 

Fill you with cum, a goblin's delight!" They yelled into the night sky. 

Their shrieking laughs and high pitched giggles chilled the elf-girl's blood, flooding her racing mind with absolute horror.

The goblins weaved around her cloak as it fell in front of them, tangled in the ferns. They now saw the elf-child's body, covered only by form fitting leather, exposing her feminine form. Their mouths watered, their groins lurched. 

They closed the gap quickly; soon they could reach out with their wicked, clawed hands and feel the wisps of her wet hair in their fingertips. They could smell the sweet breath of the elf and the savory scent of her supple flesh. Their wanton penises grew stiff as they reached, entangling their long, thin fingers, into her wet, black hair. They pulled hard, ripping her off her feet and sending her crashing hard onto her back, knocking the wind from her lungs as she slid across the wet leaves. 

After flipping and rolling to a violent stop, one of the villainous Goblins leaped on top of her, sending his sword twirling into the undergrowth. She fought and kicked, but she was much too weak and the Goblin was able to quickly pin her to the ground, hands wrapped around her vulnerable throat.

"Little cunt! Why do you run so? We just want to have a little fun with ya," the goblin said, spit spewing from his wretched mouth. He eyes shone red and yellow in the moonlight. His long, thin, pointed nose hooked like an eagle's beak, and his sharp teeth were stained black and red.

"Come on, elf bitch," the other goblins snarled with rapid breaths. "Let's have a little taste!" 

With the elf-girl kicking on the ground and grasping the wrists of the goblin that was choking her, the other two began to grope violently at her body. She felt a clawed hand between her thighs, another grabbed at her budding chest. 

"Spread'em out, spread'em wide; 

In your cunt our cocks will hide!" They yelled, dancing and stomping in circles around her helpless form like wild beasts as they punched their fists toward the misty night sky.

As one of the goblins held her down, another ripped her pants and panties off her body, exposing her young charms to the cold night air. The goblin set his spear to the ground, reached for his belt buckle, releasing it, allowing his pants to fall away, exposing a thick, green cock, nearly seven inches worth and covered with warts. A large sack scrotum clung loosely to the base of his penis. As he climbed between her thin legs, he spread them apart wide. He spat in the palm of his hand and smeared the vile fluid onto the pointy head of his cock. 

"Swallow our cocks, whore elf girl! 

And wait till you taste it, it'll make you hurl!" The others sang as their comrade mounted her. 

He scooted up against her bare thighs and ass holding his thick cock in hand as he prepared to rape her. Without warning, one of the other goblins screamed, horrified.

"There is another!" he shouted, but it was too late. The blade of the sword he had tossed on the ground was now creaming through the air toward his neck. Without resistance, the blade severed his head from his body, sending it flying into the ferns. His convulsing, blood spurting body fell onto the elf-girl, who was in shock and helpless. She pushed the dead goblin's body off herself to see Eaav, her eldest brother, welding the goblin's sword. Without hesitation, he engaged the other two, standing between them and his defeated sister.

Eaav swung madly at the goblins who were totally on the defensive. Eaav battered and parried one of the goblin's spears with such ferocity that he was knocked off his own feet. As he attempted to stand up, the other goblin swung his sword, slicing into Eaav's left shoulder and arm, leaving a deep, ragged cut from his shoulder down to his elbow. 

"Eaav! Watch out!" she screamed to him.

The goblin's swing was so wild he spun himself around and slipped on the muddy leaves, falling to Eaav's feet. Eaav immediately seized the advantage and drove his sword downward into the goblin's chest, pinning him to the earth. The mortally wounded goblin spat up blood as it looked up at Eaav with wide, red eyes.

The last Goblin, in a final, cowardly act, threw down his spear and fell to his knees. "Pleasse, Masster! We were only meaning to teasse the young elf-girl! Pleasse, do not hurt this poor hungry goblin!" he begged. 

Eaav began to lower his sword when he glanced at his sister, naked from the waist down, crying hysterically. Bloody scratches, in rows of four, streaked her soft, naked, inner thighs. He felt a primal rage billow within him, an urge so powerful, he could not control it. He clenched his jaw and with blood gushing from the open wound on his arm, he stepped forward and swung the blade down upon the kneeling goblin, slicing him through, from his left shoulder clean to his belly, spilling its entrails and beating heart onto the forest floor. 

The three goblins were dead.

Eaav knelt down to his sister's side and held his hand under her head. "Sister, are you OK?" He whispered into her ear as his eyes began to tear.

"Oh my God! Goblins! The goblins tried to rape me!" She was crying hysterically, overcome by her horrifying experience. Eaav hugged his sister tightly, pulling her to his blood soaked chest. 

"Sister, we must get moving," he whispered. "There may be others."

He cradled her face in his hands and looked into her eyes, "I will not let them harm you, my little sister. Never will they touch you again! They shall all meet death by my hand before I allow it. Have faith in me, my sister! Now, we must go!"

Eaav retrieved her pants and helped her get dressed. He clutched the slain goblin's sword tightly in his hand as he scanned the forest for others. His sister tore a strip of cloth from her shirt and wrapped it around Eaav's bleeding arm. They looked upon the dead goblins one last time, and with disgust and relief in their eyes they ran away as fast as they could. Within twenty minutes, they reached a search party of heavily armed Forest Elves, sent to find them by their two brothers, Eden and Miikel. Within an hour, the children were up in the mighty Avdarks, in the loving arms of their waiting parents.
