 Alexander did not have to wait long to find out. After ordering a cold drink and a few snacks for the group he sat back and sighed. 

"What...the hell...was that?" Randal said turning inwards on the table facing them all. "What just happened?" 

The others shrugged.

"Did you feel it to?" Asked Victor the youngest and smallest of their group, speaking up for the first time that night. 

Jameson snorted, "Nah, Vic, we are all sitting here in wonder cause we want to know where they got such lovely tapestries." 

The laughed and Al looked sheepish. "Just a question..." 

"Yeah.." Alex said with a nod, "Yeah Vic, we felt it too." 

Jameson and Fredrick shook their heads, "Felt, isn't the word mate...but here comes the grub." 

They dug in as the music and chatter filled the Hall making them all relax a little.

"Everything alright, Gents?" They looked up and there was Olinda standing proudly at Alexander's elbow. 

"Everything's great Miss Reiter." Jameson piped up. 

She laughed, "Miss Reiter...how quaint." She placed a jewel clad ring on Alexander's shoulder and smiled, "Did you enjoy the act?" 

"Oh yes...but...how did she do it?" 

"Do what?" 

"Well...you know...how did she...the images...the Highwayman..." 

Olinda shrugged, "She has a gift." 

And that was all she said before moving off. 

Not too long after that the lights went down again. Olinda stepped out unto the stage to the cheers of the Forbidden Flowers patrons. She smiled and gave a pause, "Did you enjoy yourselves?" She asked.

The crowed cheered in response and the round hipped Mistress smiled, "Good, I'm glad. Because it's time for the show to go on!" She sauntered center stage and placed a big roll of cloth on the lounging chair. They watched as she unclipped the roll and slid it down to reveal a long strip of perfectly black fur. The fur covered the chair completely and Olinda mounted it the way one might a lover. The silted robes swung open revealing her short but well formed legs. Alexander watched her swing them playfully letting his eyes linger on the smooth skin.

"Fur..." She said after a moment. "Such a sweet fabric...soft...smooth...-bestial-." She ran her hands over the black fur giving an audible moan. "Don't you think?" 

But the crowd couldn't answer...a form had made itself known on the catwalk...it was undeniably feminine...and undeniably naked. She crawled forward on her hands and knees like an animal. Her large breasts swaying and slender hips rocking as she moved......but Olinda couldn't see her. Was this part of the show? Alexander couldn't tell. He sat forward placing his hands on his knees.

Show or not Olinda continued to talk, her smooth sultry voice filling the room as she started to gently rock herself over the fur. "It's barbaric the way fur can arouse...when brushed against the right places." She ground herself purposefully against the seat, her hands gripping the sides as her toes curled in delight. 

It was then the other woman pounced, springing up in a wild display of acrobatics. For a moment it looked as if she might pounce the sultry Mistress. But just before she touched down Olinda rolled to the side nimbly. 

The second woman was a shock to the senses. She was a soft golden color...and her skin seemed to be speckled with leopard like spots....starting from her brow and continuing all the way down her neck, over her breasts and ass. She was a true catwoman. Her amber green eyes flashed across the audience and Alexander spotted sharp needle like fangs. He half rose in his seat as she gave a theatrical his towards Olinda....but Olinda was already prepared. She whipped a long thick length of leather cracking it....the whip snapped at the feet of the leopard female. The female blinked but remained stubborn looking as if she might still pounce. 

"Bad kitty!" Olinda said snapping the whip again, hitting the female across the flank. The female gave a gasp of surprise and immediately sank to the ground, rolling to her belly exposing a long expanse of perfectly white skin. Olinda tossed her loose locks over her shoulder and looked out over the crowd. 

"This naughty kitten is called Keesa, and I found her wandering with her pride of cat-women in Africa...I caught her...brought her back here...and trained her as a pet. However...she is a wild thing...and normally I'd say she needs strong handling...but..." Olinda trailed her fingers over the soft belly of the other woman, her nails gliding gently over the sensitive flesh. Alexander smiled...he could hear Keesa purring. 

"However, now that she's being a good little kitten...I think I'll let her pick someone to have a little fun with...but who?" 

The cat-woman rolled over back unto her hands and knees, her short golden hair swaying in her amber eyes as she looked out over the crowd. She sauntered off of the lounging chair and into the crowd...moving through the tables...ignoring the hands that glided over her as she lifted her nose to sniff this way and that...

"Keesa finds her mate through scent...pheromones are what attract her most....ahhh there she's found what she wants." 

Keesa moved towards a large group...pushing past a man to get to a woman. The woman looked down at Keesa wide eyed and Alexander watched with an open mouth. He certainly wouldn't have looked at the second woman twice on the road. It wasn't because she was ugly...she wasn't...but she was a bit plain. Her brown hair was tied up into a severe bun at the top of her head, her neat business suit was a most unflattering shade of grey, horn-rimmed glasses set on a turned up nose, shielding grey eyes. Yes... plain... and seemingly prude. What was she doing here then? 

The woman turned her head away in disgust as Keesa looked up at her expectantly. The man next to her whispered and she closed her legs firmly against Keesa's now roaming hands. Ahhh, a woman out with her lover for a show...interesting. The woman didn't seem particularly interested but Keesa was persistent. Keesa wrapped her arms around the sitting woman's hips and nuzzled against her lap...then her belly...and then her breasts....the woman looked down suddenly in surprise and Keesa took the moment to lift her face up and run her wet tongue over the prudish woman's lips. The woman seemed ready to pull away but Keesa pressed her mouth gently to the other woman's and gave her a gentle but purposeful kiss. The woman seemed to relax ever so slightly. Keesa deepened the kiss opening her mouth and letting her tongue flick over the Prudes with a happy purr. The woman relaxed completely and gave into the kiss, her chest rising and falling with quick little pants as Keesa's arms unlocked from the woman's hips and ran down her legs. 

Keesa pulled away and the Prude Woman gave a cry of displeasure...Keesa dropped to all fours and playfully tilted her head towards the stage. The woman paused looking around seemingly brought back to herself...She looked like she was going to deny the invitation when Keesa moved away from her, her round leopard spotted ass wiggling invitingly as she moved towards the stage as if to say 'if you want it...come and get it....'. The woman licked her lips and followed slowly. Her heels echoing around the hall...

Olinda reached out a hand to the woman helping her climb the stairs, "Hmmm what a lovely choice Keesa...And your name?" 

"A...Adele..." 

"Mmmm Adele...tell me Adele...have you ever been with a woman?" 

"No..." The brunette replied. 

"Well...that's about to change." 

"Here? Now?" 

Olinda nodded and removed the jacket of the woman setting it aside. "Come now...don't be shy Keesa will be gentle."

Adele climbed slowly into the lounging chair fidgetting with a comfortable place to sit. Keesa moved forward running her tongue from Adele's ankle all the way up her thigh stopping just as her nose disappeared under the brunettes skirt. She smiled and pushed the skirt up revealing a very white pair of panties...Adele wiggled awkwardly as her undergarments were suddenly revealed. The look was replaced by confusion as the cat-woman crawled up into the chair and mounted her. The feline fumbled the buttons of the starched blouse away revealing a very unflattering white bra. 

"I....I'm sorry I wasn't...it's just cotton..." She said motioning the her undergarments.

Keesa smiled and shook her head...lowering her face to nuzzle the perky breasts. Adele sighed softly feeling the silky the wisps of Keesa's golden hair across her tits. Keesa took a bra strap in either hand and pulled Adele into a sitting position, pressing her own full breasts to the prudish woman's smaller ones. Her hands slipped behind Adele's back and began to unclasp the strap as the two woman resumed their deep kissing, the sound of their slurping mouths echoed across the hall as the bra came free. Adele's nipples were large and a soft pinkish brown. The thick buds were hard as rock candy as Keesa palmed them in her smooth hands. Keesa's mouth roamed down Adele's pale neck, licking and nibbling the soft flesh until it flushed pink. 

Keesa's head dipped lower, her pink tongue lavishing the dark nipples. Adele arched trying to push more of her breast up...Keesa smiled placed on hand firmly on the woman and pressed her flat to the fur. Without warning her quick fingers dipped inside the panties and rubbed the soft pussy inside. 

"Ohhhh..." Adele cried out in shock her eyes fluttering...it was hard to see exactly what the cat was doing but Adele seemed to loose herself a bit propping her legs up and opening them to Adele's quick probing fingers. "Please....inside...put them inside." 

Adele shook her head and sucked harder on the nipple, the large brown peak disappearing as she continued to rub making the woman writhe. Keesa's hand moved faster rubbing up and down but stopping when Adele's cries became quick and loud. She grabbed the panties and ripped them away dropping them to the ground in shreds revealing a full soft bush of hair. 

Keesa let the nipple go with a loud pop making Adele shriek pleasurably and she dove between those wide spread legs with fervor lapping at the pink labia and sucking the sweet clit into her mouth. Adele's fingers wrapped in Keesa's short golden locks "More...please...MORE!" She begged one hand releasing the woman's head and trying to dip below the tongue to her pussy. Keesa swatted it away and continued to suck on the swollen pink clit. 

"Please...please Keesa....I need it...I need it." 

Keesa looked up at the desperate Adele whose once perfectly pale skin was now flushed a vivid rose...her strict bun had gotten disheveled and the glasses had gone...somewhere. Keesa smiled and slipped her fingers inside without warning.

"NNNNGAH!" Adele cried in desperation feeling those fingers fill her needy cunt. 

Everyone watched the two of them. Adele bucking up to those fingers wantonly. Her breasts jiggling as Keesa pounded over and over again. 

"Ohhhh...Ohhhh OH!" Adele cried her body going rigid as she felt her hot juices flow over Keesa's fingers. "Cumming...cumming!" She screamed out her toes curling as her pussy clutched and trembled. 

Keesa continued hot and relentless until Adele was soaked with sweat and limp. 

"Ohhhh...thank you." Adele said as Keesa laid her head on Adele's belly. But it became apparent that Keesa was not done yet...Keesa crawled up Adele's body...up and up until she was straddling her face. Adele looked up uncertain...but she smelled nice...like a wild musk...and the pussy that was thrust in her face was swollen...Keesa looked down...hopeful. 

Adele opened her mouth...and gave the smooth leopard spotted cunt a kiss...just like one would lips...Keesa licked her lips her head lolling back, Adele kissed it again, enjoying the silky feeling on her mouth. She kissed, closed lipped over and over and over again, the sweet 'mmmwah' sound filling the Hall as the kisses got closer and closer together, Adele opened her mouth and kissed deep and hot, her tongue rolling from the opening of Keesa's hot vagina to her smooth swollen clit and back again...licking quick and hard. Adele knew she had a thick tongue, her boyfriends had all told her so...and now she wondered... Keesa hips began to move and Adele slipped her thick tongue inside making Keesa mewl like a cat in heat...Keesa tossed her head back beginning to move herself up and down on Adele's thick tongue fucking it like a wet dick. She moved faster...and faster...fucking Adele's face. 

Adele's hands gripped the firm round ass of the other woman pulling her hard into her face, lifting and settling the woman until she felt her tense...heard her cal out...the catwoman arched suddenly and Adele felt her tongue become coated in the taste of ripe peaches.