 *Part 4 is here! Took a break from the series after finishing Parts 1-3, happy to be back at it, hope you enjoy this instalment*

*****

I remember people screaming. I sloshed around inside the plant as its giant mass shifted this way and that. My eyes flickered with the sudden movements. Still, my stomach bulged, inside myself I could still feel the ooze and eggs. Then – blinding daylight pierced into the gestation sack. Gooey, viscous liquid escaped, like a burst swimming pool. I clawed my way out, seeing the opportunity. I had to cover my eyes, the sunlight burning. With a splat, I fell out onto the ground. I took in a huge gasp of air, like new born. My memory goes fuzzy from there. There were faces, worried and in shock. The monster's screams echoed around the cavern as the crack of gunshots sounded off. 

I lay curled up on my sofa, wrapped up in a large sweater and under a heavy blanket. The TV is on but is more for company. I watch the vapour flurry off the coffee. I take a cautious sip, the heat stinging my lips. The eggs that were inside me had been removed back at the laboratory. Not destroyed, just locked away. It was hard fought, but I managed to convince the board of directors to let me study this new species once I returned to work, instead of incinerating the remaining eggs. Polystyrene containers lay strewn out across the coffee table, filled with half eaten take-out food. The experience was so raw and fresh that for the first few nights back I barely slept. Everyone thought it was because I suffered, which I did, but deep down, I wanted more. A flame of desire had been lit and wasn't going to be put out any time soon. Dainty taps at the door tear me from the day dreaming. 

"Who is it?" I shout. 

"It's Lilly." Her sweet voice barely louder than the TV. 

"Doors unlocked." 

She steps in, shaking off the rain and hanging her jacket up. Slouching down onto the couch next to me, she rubs her hands together, trying to warm up. 

"Cold out?" I ask. 

"Freezing!" She blows into her hands. "So, how've you been today? Did you get any sleep last night as well?" 

"I did get a few hours uninterrupted yeah. Want to get back to the lab in the next few days."

"There's no rush Sarah, you need to look after yourself." 

"I've been cooped up in this apartment for weeks, it's driving me insane."

"Let's get out then, go somewhere for lunch." 

"Haven't been to that diner in a while." 

"It's settled then, we will go there." 

The weather is horrendous. Lashing rain makes it difficult to move and see. The biting cold freezes every droplet as it hits your body. The diner windows are steamed up. It's pleasantly warm inside. I throw my coat down onto the bench and sigh in relief. As we order and eat, Lilly and I chat nonsense. It feels good to forget. However, that doesn't last. I notice movement over Lilly's shoulder, taking a second glance, there are vines coiled up outside the diner, climbing up the wall. I am thrown back into that cavern, that plant's tentacles wound up round me, holding me in place as it freely fucks whatever hole it wants. Filling me up with that sticky, sweet nectar. Lilly's voice has become a low droning sound. I imagine those, strong, thick vines snake their way across my body, massaging my soft skin. They part my soaking lips and press themselves inside me. 

"Earth to Sarah!" Lilly raises her voice, waving in my face. 

"Uhh – yeah hello – sorry." I mumble. 

"You okay? You're looking a little red in the cheeks."

"I'm fine, just thought I saw someone I recognised." 

My sex between my legs had become moist, my nipples hard under my jumper. Saliva was building up in my mouth. The thought of that plant and what it had done to me. I lusted to feel the same sensations. 

I breathed in the familiar smell of my lab. Exotic plants lined shelves, vibrant and gorgeous. Two large metal desks sat in the centre. Test tubes in racks had different specimen liquids I had extracted from the plants. A few beakers had concoctions blended together as I ran numerous tests before that fateful expedition. The huge skylight let natural flood in, making this room feel almost like a green house. The plants drunk in the sunlight as I pulled my stool up to the desk. I picked up my clipboard, hastily written notes were chaotically scribbled across the page. I tore the paper away. It was time to start a new study. 

I had the eggs moved into my lab, where I could study in privacy. I stored them at the far end, in a huge metal container, one side had a thick Perspex screen, two armholes were cut out, filled with gloves, so that work could be done safely. I quickly took samples from the eggs. Drawing out liquid with a needle, also taking slivers of tissue. I worked late into the night for a week. 

I have been trying to replicate anything like what we found in the cave. The eggs were still unhatched. I wasn't even sure they would. In their containment I had kept them warm. As I was squinting down a microscope, studying the biological makeup I had an idea. They're not eggs in the conventional sense. We had five, so I carefully removed one from the containment unit. Gloves ran up to my elbows and I breathed heavy in the mask. I filled a giant plant pot with soil that was completely drenched. I planted the egg and covered it up. It was late, so I lazily left the pot on my desk and locked up for the night. 

I rubbed the sleep from my eyes, yawning as I opened my laboratory door. I had thrown on some beige cargo pants and a blue V-neck t-shirt. I tossed my lab jacket around my shoulders and flicked the lights on. To my amazement, there was small plant sprouting from the pot I had left out! I dashed over, leaning in close to get a better look. A slender stem snaked up to a large bud, not yet flowered. I drew out a handful of samples, filling beakers with each one. I took flowers from my exotic collection and began, in a petri dish, splicing the two together. 

I watched as some species failed to co-exist, whilst others seemed to merge as if nature intended it. Ecstatic, I documented everything. Not only had I discovered a new species of plant, but I was creating new ones! I took the rest of the eggs, planting them to leave overnight. Splicing was no easy feat, so I took an Orchid, combining this new species with it. I planted that one separately and away from the rest. Switching the lights off, I took one last look, nervous and excited as to what I would find tomorrow. 

I rushed myself out the door in the morning, throwing on the same clothes, eager to see what had happened. The original plant egg that had sprouted had now flowered. From the end protruded a phallic, penis shaped appendage, about five inches long and was about as thick as a cucumber. At its base, petals flourished outwards and away from the cock. Shivers and tingles danced down my spine. I felt my pussy twinge at the sight of it. The four others had sprouted but were yet to flower. 

The orchid was on the other side of the room, I gasped as I saw it. Roots had shattered the pot and the flower was now on the floor. The head of the plant and its petals had grown to the size of a large dog. Vines had wormed there way around the shelf, clinging on tight. Thick, long and bulbous in the centre of the petals was another phallic appendage, this one ribbed and dripping. Barbed, grotesque vines sat at the base of the plant. The barbs had pierced the tiled floor. 

With my flesh burning and sweat gathering, my body started to urge for those plants. The growing desire was becoming overpowering. I marched across to the plant on the desk, picking up the pot, I shifted up onto a shelf. The plant drooped off to the side, at perfect head height. I take my hand, firmly grabbing the base, shifting the head of the cock close to my lips. I spit on the tip, running my hand down the entire length, making it easier to jerk. I pout my lips, planting a kiss on the head. The entire thing twitches, its stem stiffening to hold itself in place. I pull back, moaning and biting my lip. 

As I gently stroke the base of the shaft, I part my lips and put its tip in my mouth, running my tongue over the tip, it twitches again, and I am gifted with that sweet pre-cum. It drizzles out, I lap it up with my tongue, flicking it over the head. I push my head down further, about half way. The plant comfortably fits in my mouth. It throbs as I bob my head down across its sticky shaft. I pull the cock in closer each time I push my head down on it. 

"Mmmmm." I mumble and coo. 

Copious amounts of pre-cum build up in my mouth, it spills out, dripping down my chin and onto my t-shirt. I whimper as my pussy tingles, swirling my tongue around the shaft as I push it deep into my mouth. With all this stimulation, the whole thing thrashes forward, its tip pressing against the back of my throat. I squeal, eyes widening. The first gooey string shoots out, lathering up my mouth and throat. I swallow as fast as I can, savouring every drop, but it begins to become overwhelming. I tug away, gasping. Mouth agape, and vigorously jerk the cock, hot strings shoot out over my exposed tongue and face. 

"Give it to me." I beg. 

Bulbous lumps push down the stem and shoot out. The semen slapping against my face. The plant relaxes in my hand and I slowly pull away. I fumble behind me for the box of tissues on my desk. Wiping my face, I lick the cum from my fingertips. Groaning as I happily swallow every drop. That took me back to the cave, to being used as a fuck-thing for the creature. I needed my body to be explored again. I frantically start to tear away my lab coat. 

Unbeknownst to me, the Orchid's vines had crept across the floor. I snap my head around to find they had began creeping up around my ankles. Vines appear from behind other plants on the wall, reaching out. I freeze, in excitement, watching to see what they'll do. The vines at my ankles continue up my calves. I shudder in anticipation. The vines reaching out grab onto my cargo pants, coiling up. Then, with a sudden rip, tear away the trousers and the black panties I had on underneath.

Still trying to desperately throw my lab coat down, the vines constrict around my legs, bringing me to my hand and knees. With my ass in the air, I bite down on my lip, peering around. A large vine rears up like a cobra, protruding through the tip, a pink, fleshy cock. It oozes slime, dripping onto the lab floor. I reach a hand down between my legs, gently rubbing at my clit, my pussy dripping wet from the excitement and tension. 

In a flash, the fleshy cock zips forward and presses up against my ass. 

"No! Not there – please." I beg, startled. 

I jut forward, eyes wide and mouth open. Sharp breathes heave out my chest as the vine continues to push. The pre-cum lathers up my hole, making it easier for the cock to push its way in. The tip stretches my ass, forcing itself inside. I wince, clenching my jaw. New feelings are awoken as the fleshy cock delves deeper inside me. Finally, it pushes all seven inches in. It squirms around inside, exploring whilst slamming up against me. With white knuckled fists I take deep breaths. The plant in the cave never went for my ass. The ooze seeps into me, further lubricating my hole, making it easier for the plant to stuff its cock in. As it stiffens, twitching, I jerk forward again, moaning uncontrollably. 

I fall to my elbows, legs trembling. My hand finds its way back to my engorged clit. Rubbing vigorously in circles, I start to convulse, feeling the orgasm building up. The vines coiled up around my legs pulled me back with each thrust. I try to keep my groans to a minimum. Stimulating my clit, being fucked in the ass was all too much. I braced my arms, head falling. With a heavy thrust, the cock pushes all the way in, thrashing around as it unleashes its load, hot strings of slime fill me up. 

"Oh fuuuuck!"

I whimper, biting down on my tongue, trying to keep quiet. My senses skyrocket as the orgasm tears through my body. My muscles twitch and spasm. I relish every second with this plant inside me. As the cum keeps firing out, it begins to overwhelm me, my lower abdomen starts to swell. I reach a hand down, holding the bulge, anxiously waiting for the plant to stop. The hard cock slowly goes flaccid, pulling out. The vines around my legs retreat. I gasp, falling onto my side. Exhausted and hazy, the whole ordeal was electric. 

The vines disappear back to the orchid, the flower slouching to one side, as if it was tired too. My body aches, that was a something else. I needed to rest, but my research wouldn't end here, there was so much more I had to experiment with.