 Serenity wrapped her lips around Felix's erect phallus, making his whole body jerk in an instantaneous euphoria. No matter how many times she sucked his manhood, he could never get used to the incomprehensible feeling of it entering her soft mouth. He had never experienced oral sex before meeting her, but he knew that no human attempt could create the bliss I was feeling. Her saliva seemed to vibrate and change in temperature on the shaft and head, with a sweet sugary feeling sinking into his skin. Her mouth was softer than a summer breeze and as deliciously wet as the fruits that hung from the trees of her orchard, but the muscles in her cheeks and tongue were strong and she could work them better than her own hands. 

When his manhood entered her mouth, he could feel the strength of her muscles working on the shaft and sending the massage-like bliss all the way through his member. She sucked on his erect cock with such skill that it felt like she had forty tongues and they all were somehow rubbing against every exposed spot. With Serenity lying on top of him, Felix buried his face in between the cheeks of her perfectly sculpted rear. He covered her thighs in kisses before sending his tongue up into her wet slit. The gorgeous nymph gave a muffled moan as he sucked on the wet lips, savoring the taste of the nymph's juices flowing from her gates of paradise.

As he slathered the inner-walls of her sweet body with his tongue, he worked his finger in and out of her anus, making her hum and purr. Eventually, she relinquished his manhood and sat up, letting him lick her anus. She gave a soft moan and squeezed her round breasts as she felt his tongue anally penetrate her voluptuous body.

"Oh Felix, I love your touch! I love feeling of you in my heart and in my body," she moaned as she ran her fingers through her long, lustrous hair.

"And I love the taste of your flawless body and your sweet soul. I love to sample the divine rejuvenation that you bless me with," he replied as she moved off his face and gave him a tender kiss. 

She shifted again, straddling his lap and purring in arousal as she grinded the shaft of his cock against her wet slit. She wrapped her hands around the head and slowly guided it in, shivering as it entered her. Chewing on her lips, she began to bounce up and down on his manhood, driving it deep into her magic-enriched body. Felix wrapped his arms around her waist, picking her up himself and slamming her back down with all of his strength. As Serenity bounced on his lap, he held out his tongue and licked her breasts, which were jiggling with the same enthusiasm as the nymph's lust for sex. 

After only a few minutes, Serenity gave a shrill moan as she had one of her magical orgasms, illuminating the tree chamber with her sexual aura. Felix pulled out of her and she got on her hands and knees, shaking her rear with a coy smile on her face. He sat up and got behind her, stroking his ready cock. He pressed the head against her anus and pushed it in, making Serenity moan in ecstasy.

"Oh yes, darling, just like that! Felix, I want you deep inside me!"

Taking the rhythm he had mastered since meeting Serenity, Felix began slamming his cock into her tight ring. The forest was filled with the clapping of her cheeks against his thighs as he drove his member as far up into her body as possible. While he stretched her anus as far as it could go, Serenity had her face buried in her elbow and was rubbing her flower with her other hand, giving a rising moan with each thrust. Finally, Felix looked up and groaned as he came, coupled with Serenity's second orgasm. Thick streams of semen shot from the head of his cock, filling her anus until the white syrup was overflowing. Her arms and legs buckled and she collapsed, rubbing her semen-filled anus.

"I love the feeling of you essence inside of me," she purred. 

Felix lied down beside her and wrapped his arm around her slender waist. "And I love the feeling of being able to hold you and be inside of you at the same time," he replied as he kissed her neck. 

Her turquoise skin tasted so sweet, he couldn't get enough of it. She then rolled over and kissed him, slipping her tongue between his lips. "I never get tired or used to making love to you. Every time is just as magical and incredible as the first." 

He smiled and placed my hand on the center of her chest, feeling her heartbeat. "Me neither. I must admit that I am obsessed this beautiful body of yours. I'm so curious and I just want to keep exploring it. You are the most gorgeous thing that has ever blessed my eyes and I'm desperate to memorize every detail and secret. But every time, there is a new inch on your body that I want to study and admire for hours on end. I am haunted by the fact that I will never completely understand you, but that also relieves me, because every time we are intimate, I am surprised and amazed by something new."

"Well you can never be sure, you might someday know everything about me. After all, we have the rest of eternity to spend together," she said softly before they both fell asleep.

Three years had passed since Felix arrived at the forest and fallen in love with Serenity, and they were without a doubt the greatest years of his life. Every day consisted of lounging in the shade of the trees, swimming in deep sections of the creek, taking long strolls through the woods while basking in the sun, and exercising to stay fit. Every night consisted of dancing in the moonlight or sleeping in their small tree chamber, pressed tightly together under the warmth of their blanket. Their diet was entirely made up of the addictively sweet fruit that hung from the branches of every tree. They supplied all the nutrients that they both required and neither ever grew tired of them. Felix would gorge himself on them until he could barely breathe, and then curse the fact that he could not eat any more.

It was a very simple life, one without any exertion of obstacles. Every moment was filled with unending happiness and relaxation. It was in all sense a perfect life, and with the help of Serenity's healing powers, it was a perfect life that would never end.

The sun was shining brightly as Felix and Serenity walked along the shallow creek, picking up pretty stones. In a life where there are no obstacles or hardships, the two lovers sought playful challenges in abstract art, taking small pieces of nature and rearranging them to create works to represent nature as a whole. Felix's old clothes had been replaced with a new outfit of the same silky hay-woven fabric as Serenity's and their bed sheets. Serenity's hair was adorned with flowers and she was carrying a basket of braided vines.

"Oh, this one is perfect," she said as she picked up a piece of mica, perfect for the collage she was working on. 

Just as Felix was about to speak, the sound of a twig snapping reached his ears. His whole body became rigid as three years of relaxation were pushed aside by his military training. This was not uncommon, as Felix had not lowered his guard since arriving and often felt the desire to make sure there weren't any outsiders wandering nearby.

"Serenity, scan the area, I think we aren't alone," he said softly, trying to be nonchalant. 

Serenity looked at him with worry on her face. "There can't be anyone here. Everyone and everything beneath the sunlight and moonlight is under my watch. No one could have possibly entered this forest without me noticing. It was probably just a squirrel you heard."

"Please, just give one thorough search." 

Serenity closed her eyes, focusing her mind on her Outsight to examine the forest for any intruders. She finally gave a sigh and looked at him. "There is nothing, we are the only ones here." 

While Felix's mind was put at ease, his muscles did not relax. 

"Sorry, I just always worry about us. After all, this is just a small forest out in the wilderness, not a sacred garden on Mt. Olympus."

"Well you can be at peace, as this forest is our private utopia."

Just as the words passed her soft lips, an arrow shot past Felix's face, grazing his cheek. With blood running down his neck, he grabbed Serenity's wrist and they ducked down behind the bushes along the creek.

"What is going on, I thought you said you didn't see anyone?"

"I didn't and I still don't, something must be blocking my sight," she replied with her voice filled with fear. 

Behind them, Felix could hear over almost half a dozen sets of feet hitting the ground, coming towards them. This wasn't just a stray hunter or explorer; this was a group with the intention of search and capture or search and destroy. Whoever it was, Felix would die before letting them harm Serenity.

"Come on, and stay close."

The two hunted lovers sprinted along the side of creek with arrows flying past them. With every step, Felix could feel his body returning to its original strength. Even after three years of relaxation, exercise had helped keep his muscles from forgetting the strain of battle and his reflexes had not dulled to the demands of fighting. The Felix that been living in peace was stepping aside, and the Felix that was originally a Trojan war hero was returning to fight.

Up ahead of them, a soldier stepped out of the brush with a sword in his hand. From the plate designs of his bronze armor and the shape of his helm, Felix recognized him as soldier from Mycenae. It wasn't too long ago that he would slaughter almost a hundred of them in each battle. Felix charged ahead of Serenity and the soldier lashed out with his sword, trying to deliver a one-hit kill. The Trojan warrior dodged the clumsy stab, knocked the enemy's arm aside, and tackled him, pinning him to the ground. Before his foe could try and slash him with his sword or grab a stone from the creek, Felix snapped his neck by slamming him in the jaw with his palm. It was his first kill in three years. 

Felix stood up and retrieved the sword of his victim. While the shape and weight of the double-edged blade were different from his old Trojan sword, his body recognized the form and function upon contact. Serenity stared at Felix with wide eyes as he slashed the air, familiarizing himself with the art of swordplay.

"When we run, stay close. When I fight, stay back," he instructed with a very calm but determined voice. 

Serenity nodded and grasped his hand and they ran into the woods, keeping their senses open to the presence of enemy soldiers.

"I can't see them at all with my Outsight. Somehow they are blocking my vision completely."

"Then how about we find our why..." Felix cursed through gritted teeth.

He then released Serenity's hand as he spotted four soldiers up ahead, standing in a large clearing. Following his instructions, Serenity slowed down and Felix increased his speed, jumping into the clearing and surprising the soldiers. Without the slightest hesitation, he slashed the throat of the first, sending a fountain of blood from the laceration. Felix then turned and blocked a slash from another soldier, responding in kind by sidestepping behind him and lopping off his head. He stepped back, dodging the arrow from the third soldier. Before the Mycenaean could draw another one, Felix darted over and shattered his bow with a wide slash, then drove the tip of the sword straight through his chest, managing to pierce both sides of his armor with his full strength. He looked back at the forth soldier as he pulled out a horn to the signal the rest of the troops in the area. Just as his foe began the call, Felix knocked the horn out of his hand and then stabbed upwards, piercing his skull.

Felix let loose a howl of pain as an arrow shot through the air and stabbed his shoulder, piercing the muscle and flesh with ease. He had been struck with countless arrows when he was a soldier, so this was nothing but a further adrenaline rush. Serenity stifled a scream at the sight of his injury and the blood streaming from it. Gritting his teeth, Felix ripped out the arrow and turned to see the approaching crowd of Mycenaean soldiers. There were over two-dozen of them, all armed and ready.

"For Serenity, for my family, and for the city of Troy, I will kill all of you!"

The first soldier jumped out into the clearing and tried to stab Felix with his spear, but the Trojan ducked to the side and stepped forward, stabbing him through the gut and making him cough up blood. He then grabbed the soldier's spear as he fell to the ground and used it to stab the next that entered his range of killing. Running him through, Felix pierced him in the chest and slammed him into a tree, lodging the blade in the trunk and pinning the man there.

The third soldier charged with a large battleaxe, swinging low from the side to strike Felix's knees and cripple him. Sending all his strength to his legs, Felix jumped over the attack and stabbed wielder between the shoulder and the neck, killing him in a single blow. As the man fell to the ground, an arrow launched by the fourth soldier struck Felix's palm, bursting out of the back of his hand. Ignoring his agony and the blood streaming from the wound, Felix charged towards archer before he could reload and swung his hand, stabbing him in the eye with the tip of the arrow. With the soldier screaming in pain, he ripped his hand off the shaft and then slammed the end, forcing it all the way into the man's skull and ripping away his life.

Felix turned and raised his sword above his head, bringing it down on a soldier with a shield and a spear. The opponent blocked the attack with his shield, but before he could respond with a spear thrust, Felix swung his hand in front of his eyes, spraying the soldier's face with blood and blinding him. He staggered back, trying to wipe the blood from his face, and with that opportunity, Felix slashed his throat and ripped off his shield. Pulling back his arm, Felix threw it and sent it flying like a giant discuss before striking an oncoming soldier in the head. Even with his helmet on, the blow shattered his skull and killed him.

The sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth all charged towards him, armed only with swords. Snarling and roaring like an animal, Felix carved them all down without mercy. He pierced the armor of the sixth with a stab as if it was made of leather and then cleaved off the arm of the seventh and grabbed his sword while he bled to death. Using the two swords, he blocked the coordinated attacks of the eight and ninth, kicked the eighth to knock him back, and then beheaded the ninth with a twin-scissor slash. With the eighth still on the ground, Felix raised his swords above his head and stabbed down into his chest, tearing through his lungs and soaking the ground with blood.

Soldier after soldier charged towards him with the intent of murder, but with a sword in each hand and the drive to protect Serenity in his heart, Felix slaughtered them all without hesitation or opposition. As he tore through the armor of his nineteenth victim and slashed him from shoulder to hip, he lurched forward in pain and looked down. An arrow had pierced his chest, driving through his body and passing just under his heart.

"Felix!" Serenity screamed.

Refusing to let the injury slow him down, Felix slashed the throat of his twentieth enemy, giving his neck a wide, bloody smile. A second arrow was launched, striking him in the gut. He staggered back with blood pouring from his mouth and struggled to catch his breath, knowing that he was so close to victory. Felix looked up and spotted the soldier that had launched the arrows. His allies were running past him, taking advantage of Felix's injury.

With what little strength he had, Felix stabbed the first that came close, managing to pierce his heart, but lacking the power to send it driving through the back of his armor. A third arrow was launched, stabbing him through his right lung. Barely able to stand on his feet, he could not stop the rest of the soldiers from delivering their attacks. With swords and spears, they stabbed him through the torso, attacking from all angles. Every organ torn to shreds, he shouted in frustration and vomited blood.

Releasing one final roar, he swung his sword and beheaded the soldier right in front of him, then turned and stabbed the soldier to his side. Before he could deliver his final kill, the soldier behind him ripped his weapon free and stepped back, sending Felix crashing to the ground like a felled tree. His mind falling into darkness and his body refusing to respond, Felix was unable to help Serenity as the soldiers grabbed her, tying her up and dragging the sobbing nymph away.

For the second time in his life, he had failed to protect what was important to him. No matter what he did and how hard he fought, he could not keep those that he loved safe. And this time, the strength to run was not in him. As his blood soaked the ground and his eyelids slowly sank, a bright flash filled his senses.

Felix took a deep shuddering breath, realizing that he was alive. Had that really happened, or had it only been a nightmare? He looked at his chest and felt an invisible punch to the gut as he saw the amount of blood that soaked his shirt. His wounds had disappeared but the blood was still wet. It had really happened, and that meant...

"Serenity!" he called out as he bolted to his feet and stepped forward. 

He was standing in the bloody clearing, surrounded by the slain Mycenaean soldiers. Without a moment's hesitation, he rushed over one of the bodies and retrieved the soldier's sword and shield.

"Wait, noble Trojan. Right now a conversation can do you far more good than those weapons." 

Felix turned around, facing a man with clothes of silk and blond hair, standing beside a chariot of solid gold that was hitched up to four horses made entirely of condensed fire. Felix's eyes had to be deceiving him, for there was no way the man that had saved his life could be who he thought he was.

"Is it possible... are you really Helios?"

"Well I am certainly not that brat, Apollo. I am indeed Helios, the titan of the sun and moon. I am also the father of Serenity, as you well know."

Felix turned away from him and began stripping the dead bodies of their armor.

"What do you think you're doing?"

"The warmth has not completely left these bodies, the rest of those soldiers can't be more than a few miles away. Even if they're on horses, I still might be able to chase them down and rescue Serenity." 

"While you are right about the time, you are wrong about the distance. She has already reached the city of Mycenae by unholy means." 

Felix turned to him with his teeth barred. "Then take me there. I don't care how she got to the city so fast, but I know your chariot can get me there with divine speed." 

It was not a request.

"Not yet, I must bring you to Mt. Olympus. The gods have a matter to discuss with you that is of the upmost importance. They need your help." 

The answer left the warrior so furious that it took all his will to keep from shaking. "Hear me now, titan. The only reason why I have shown you this much respect is because you are the father of Serenity, but you have a lot of nerve telling me that the gods want my help. The very thought that they have the right to ask me for help is worthy of execution." 

Helios gave a deep sigh. "I understand your hatred, and it's true that the gods don't deserve your help. However, you cannot save Serenity the way you are. You are not nearly strong enough. Felix, listen to me, just as the gods need your help, you need theirs."

Sword in hand, Felix stormed over to him. "Do you know who needed the gods' help? My sisters, when they were raped in front of me! Do you know who needed help from the mighty gods? My brother, when he was stabbed more times than I could count! I don't need the gods' help, I need them to stay out of my way or else I'll carve them all down just like I did these poor fools around us! Now, take me to Mycenae and tell the gods that they would do well not to underestimate a mere mortal."
