 Morikis Bonecarver heard the heavy footsteps of the orcs waddling down the stone corridor well before they reach the door. Just as he thought, three hard knocks followed. 

"Fucking orcs," he growled through clinched teeth. "Could their timing be more impeccable?" Angry, he withdrew his cock from the little chamber maiden's pussy and dismounted her from behind, shoving her forward by her ass onto the pile of cotton pillows at the head of the bed. Juliana rolled onto her back, gasping for breath and covered with perspiration and watched as her master walked over to the far side of the room. She reached out with her right hand and grabbed a fistful of the fur blankets, pulling them over her thin, naked body. The air in the castle was always cold, but now that she was wet from sweating, she felt a deep chill enter her body. 

Juliana watched as Morikis returned to the foot of the bed holding some of his clothing in his hand. Although she has had sex with him numerous times, she was still frightened of him. Her eyes locked onto his penis, still hard from fucking her and glistening in the candlelight. Even for a human, his penis was quite large and thick. She shivered under the blankets as he adjusted his shirt and placed it over his head, slipping his arms into the sleeve holes. His chest was muscled and strong, covered with thick course hair that tapered down onto his rippled stomach. She inadvertently licked her lips and she admired his manhood, her eyes glued to his body. 

Morikis adjusted his black shirt before turning to sit on the bed to make it easier to don his leather pants and boots. "You will bathe and fetch my dinner while I am gone," he said sternly to the chamber maid. "And bring Cadeara back with you." 

"As you wish, Master," the young girl replied. Cadeara was another of the dozens of chamber maidens imprisoned in Zonvalash Castle. The chamber maidens were all young girls, mostly elves but some human, and all in their mid to late teens or early twenties at best. Although they all preformed domestic duties, such as cleaning, cooking, and laundry, their main purpose for being in this evil and foreboding keep was to serve as sex slaves to the many orcs and goblins that quartered there. 

Zonvalash Castle was built centuries ago, during the birth of the Vandark. Its ashen stone walls rose nearly 100 feet above the swampy terrain of the Avenzakork Lowlands, some thousand miles east of Serronia. Long parapets topped the dark outer walls which provided walkways to the many open gorge towers that lined the perimeter. Arrows slits streaked the walls and circular turrets shot even higher, perhaps 250 feet high. The inner bailey was covered with cobble stones and numerous buildings, stables, and other towering structures including the massive main keep which dominated the courtyard. 

Surrounding the outer wall was a deep moat-part of the surrounding swamp and home to many deadly creatures such as crocodiles and poisonous snakes. A large barbican, made of huge black stone provided the only entrance into the castle. When necessary, a 50 foot long draw bridge would be raised and a 15 ton portcullis would be lowered, effectively sealing the castle from invaders. 

The purpose of Zonvalash Castle was singular - it served as the lair of Marzardeina, the Vandark's High Witch. For hundreds of years, the atrocious Marzardeina helped the Sorcerers wage war against the Alliance and the inhabitants of Tlateott. Never has the Alliance been able to assault or access Zonvalash Castle and never has anyone imprisoned within its walls been able to escape and live to tell the tale. So wicked was Zonvalash, ancient tales say that even the bravest of men and elf would tremble at the very sight of it and be so overcome with fear that they would vacate their bowels and die of fear. It has also been told that the swamps surrounding the castle were infested with unheard of creatures that live within the noxious waters and that no man or elf that dared enter it had ever been seen alive again. 

KNOCK...KNOCK...KNOCK! The orc pounded upon the wooden door once more, apparently growing impatient by the wait. 

"I fucking heard you filthy beast!" Morikis shouted. Outside, the orcs backed away from the door and stood wide-eyed with their backs against the corridor wall, not wishing to attract the unwanted attention of man inside. 

Morikis Bonecarver was a large man. Standing 6'3", he was thickly built and very strong. His brown hair was kept short and his face was covered with a layer of black and silver stubble. He had piercing black eyes, a square jaw, cauliflower ears, and thick neck. An assassin by trade, he was an expert weapons-master and murderer of hundreds. So deadly was he, the powerful Marzardeina herself used him as her personal assassin and enforcer. 

Juliana continued to watch as Morikis stood and wrapped his black cloak around his neck and shoulders. He then rolled his neck from side to side, the popping of his joints audible to her. He returned to the far side of the dimly lit room and affixed his flamberge sword and scabbard to his belt. Morikis rummaged through his leather pack and removed a small woven satchel which he attached to his belt. 

Sensing that he had all that he required, he turned and returned to the side of the bed and looked down upon the sweet little Juliana. The floral scent of her elfish skin filled his nostrils, causing him to close his eyes and clinch his teeth together. Juliana was a beautiful young elf, 18 at most. Her delicate features, thin body, and beautiful face were not the only reasons she was in his bed. 

Morikis was not only an efficient killer, but he was a cocksman in his own right. At the age of 45, he was well known to ravage the charms of the most lovely of the chamber maidens and of the wives and daughters of the men he had murdered. 

He reached down with his hand to grasp the blanket that Juliana had used to cover herself and ripped it off the bed, tossing it down to the stone floor. Juliana gasped as the cold, damp air rushed against her sweaty flesh. Her bright blue eyes locked onto those of her Master's as he roughly squeezed her ample breast in his hand. His black eyes seemed to burn through her very soul as he slid his hand up her chest and seized her around her thin neck. 

"You will return with Cadeara. I will fuck you both tonight," Morikis asserted without a hint of affection. 

"Yes, my Lord. It is our privilege." 

Morikis paused momentarily as he gazed upon his naked slave. Her smooth skin, thin waist, curved hips, and smooth, hairless pussy was nearly enough for him to forsake the High Witch and finish what he had started. With a huff, he released his slave's neck and turned and walked toward the ironwood door, the tail of his cloak fluttering behind him. 

As he twisted the knob of the door, the two orcs on the other side snapped to attention. Their hearts suddenly raced as The Bonecarver pulled the heavy, creaking door open. From out of the room, a soft blast of sweet air whiffed onto the orcs, allowing them the opportunity of smelling the lovely Juliana's elven pheromones, one of two most prized of the castle's sex slaves. 

The Bonecarver, as he is known within the Vandark, noticed the two orcs sniffing the air. With squinted eyes, he slammed the door shut behind himself and walked up to the larger of the two orc and stood face to face with him, nose to nose. 

"I'm not fucking deaf! Knock once!" He spat at the orc. 

"Understood my Lord," replied the orc, unable to maintain eye contact with the human. "The High Witch seeks your presence, my Lord." 

The Bonecarver's eyes flicked back and forth between the eyes of the trembling orc. He quickly turned his head toward the other orc only to see him staring at the wall in front of him, wanting nothing of this game; he returned his gaze to the orc in front of him. 

"What else?" The Bonecarver said. 

"That is all, my Lord." 

"Then get the fuck away from me!" He demanded. 

With that, both orcs turned in unison and walked noisily down the corridor. 

Morikis watched as the orcs disappeared down the hall. It wasn't that he hated orcs, it was that he hated the way they looked at his slave girls. He knew they were jealous of him and his status, and he also knew that he was more powerful and influential, which is why he was able to pick and choose the loveliest amongst the chamber maidens. So, he felt it necessary to assert himself over them; perhaps as a clue that he will not tolerate the tampering of his property. 

With that, Morikis turned and walked down the stone floored corridors which lead down a several sets of stairs and out to the main bailey. Once outside, Morikis welcomed the warmth of the sun and freshness of the humid, evening air. 

As he continued walking across the bailey toward the main central tower, Morikis turned his eyes skyward. Rising over 300 feet above the courtyard, the main tower was an imposing structure. Its walls were made of massive, dark stone boulders which were covered with thick patches of moss and lichen. 

Near the base of the tower, two large iniquitous stone gargoyles loomed over the arched entrance of the tunnel that burrowed into the tower itself. The twin gargoyles sat perched on the outcroppings and were slightly canted inward, as if guarding the entrance to the tunnel. They had doglike faces, with the twisted horns of a ram and mock goatees made of hanging mosses. Their mouths hang open to bare wicked fangs and long, pointed tongues. 

Unnerving to most, it was their eyes that chilled the blood of those who approached the tunnel. As Morikis approached nearer, the stone eyes of the wicked gargoyles slowly opened, brandishing glowing red eyes which followed his every movement and announced his presence to the one inside. Morikis, unmoved by their gaze, continued past and into the dark tunnel. 

Morikis walked steadily along the tunnel, the dried leaves crunching under his heavy boots. The tunnel ended after 50 feet at massive wooden door with tarnished brass hinges. The door itself was nearly 15 feet high, encompassing the entire girth and height of the tunnel. It appeared to be covered with a tar like substance with emitted a foul odor, causing the entire tunnel to sink of death and rot. The door had no handles, no peepholes, nor anything that would allow it to be opened from the outside. 

Just as Morikis arrived at the door, the rusted hinges began to pop and creak and the wood of the door groaned loudly, echoing down the corridor. Slowly, the door began to open inward, splitting into two halves, releasing a biting cold torrent of air that wisped down the tunnel, blowing the leaves that covered the dank floor. Without stopping, Morikis double checked his belt to ensure he had the small woven satchel. He then reached over his shoulders, flung the hood of his cloak over his head and walked past the opening doors and into the lair of the evil and hideous High Witch, Marzardeina. 

*** 

Shrogg's upbringing was unique in the fact that his father was an orc warrior and his mother was a human—a sex slave held captive by the Vandark. Many years before Shrogg's birth, his father, Throgor, was in the midst of a bloody campaign, a battle against the Alliance. During a lull in the fighting, Throgor was in an orc encampment enjoying roast, ale, and entertainment. While relaxing and enjoying himself, his eyes were drawn to a commotion at the back of the large room. 

What he saw changed his life forever. She was human; tall, strong, and beautiful. She was a slave girl, perhaps in her mid-twenties. She was dressed in filthy burlap rags that were patched together to form a loose fitting dress. Her black hair was matted and dirt stained her face. Deep scars crisscrossed her arms and legs, a testament to the abuse and mistreatment she most undoubtedly had endured as a prisoner of the Vandark. But something about her caught the breath of Throgor, something he had never quite been able to explain later in life. 

He watched this human slave as she hauled goblets of ale and plates of meat to the rambunctious crowd of orcs and goblins. Even though there were dozens of slave girls, this one stood out to him. No matter how hard he tired, he was unable to take his eyes off of her. The way she moved seemed angelic to him; there was something soft about her mannerisms, a warm peace that seemed impervious to the evil that surrounded her. As she walked between the tables carrying arm full of empty goblets, she was groped and pawed at by the drunken orcs and little foul goblins. 

Just as she was to walk past the awestruck Throgor, a fat orc seized her by the arm and pulled her to his lap, causing her to drop all the goblets she was carrying. 

"Come sit on my ripe cock, whore!" the orc spewed while he violently groped at her breasts and crotch. 

"Let me go you bastard!" she commanded while attempting to escape from his clutches. 

Angered, the orc grasp her by a fistful of her hair and slapped her across the face, splitting her lip. Blood began to trickle down her dirt covered chin. "You will pay for your disobedience, whore!" He said with another hard smack. "I think I will not take you to my bed now. You can pay homage right her slut human." 

With that, the fat orc forced the human to her knees in front of him, in full view of the unruly crowd. He reached to the band of his trousers and pulled them down, exposing his grotesque penis. "Suck my cock, whore! Suck it like the slave you are. I will teach you to resist me!" 

The slave girl attempted to turn her head in defiance, but the grip on her hair was overpowering. Her face was forced against his putrid phallus, the sink was which nearly cause her to vomit. 

"That's it, open up and gobble," the fat orc stated aloud as the crowd began to gather around and encourage the attack. 

Helpless to defend herself and resigned to her fate as a sex slave, she held her hands up in submission, palms facing outward. The orc, sensing his victory, released his grip from her hair and leaned back with his elbows on the table, his animal like cock laid out across his lap. "That's it, slut. Suck our master's cock. And you had better suck it like you mean it. If you spill a drop, I will fuck your ass until you bleed out on my dick." 

"I'm sorry, Master," the woman replied softly while looking at the nasty, hideous green cock before her. She reached with her hand to grasp the thing near the base while wiping the blood from her chin with the other. The penis was wet, slimy, and stunk horribly. She began to stroke it, exposing a moist, grayish film that had collected under the foreskin. Her stomach wretched as she leaned forward and opened her mouth. Just as she was about to insert the disgusting thing into her mouth, she felt an arm reach around her waist and pull her clear off the ground and toss her roughly to the table behind her. 

She looked up to see another orc step between her and her fat attacker. "This slave is mine. Keep your hands off her unless you wish to have your balls stuffed down your throat," the orc said with his clinched fist in the face of the fat orc. 

The slave girl, having just been tossed onto a hard wooden table, sat up painfully and watched as the spectacle unfolded before her. The fat orc appeared to be shocked by the sudden intervention, but his surprise soon turned to rage. He shot up as quickly as his fat body would allow him and pulled his trousers up to his waist. 

"How dare you interfere with my spoils!" the fat orc yelled. "How 'bout I kill you where you stand?" 

"You couldn't kill a troll if it were already dead. Do you wish to fight for her charms? Winner takes her as his own," Throgor offered. 

The fat orc seemed to puzzle over the offer to fight over the slave. It was quite common for orc to fight each other over sex slaves, but the suddenness of this challenge seemed to take him off guard. He looked at his challenger - he was a large orc and seemed quite confident. However, he had just been disrespected in front of his fellow soldiers and he had to defend his honor, lest be labeled a coward. 

"You want to fight for the favor of this slave, do ya? Then let it be done," he snapped. With that, he shoved his challenger backwards into the crowd that had gathered. "Let's go!" 

The two orcs, led by the throng of drunken on lookers, went outside to battle over the human slave. Held by several other orcs, the human girl was forced to watch as the two battled each other in an open pit with axes and knives. As the fight transpired beneath her, several of the orcs took pleasure in taunting Alaura. They told her that the fat orc was insatiable and would fuck her without mercy. They told her that he would sodomize her and make her suck his dick afterwards. They laughed when she gagged at the thought and told her that he would make her suck his cock several times a day as well. Alaura closed her eyes and began to cry, nearly wishing death would just take her away from this horrid place. 

Down in the pit, the two orcas battled each other ferociously. The fight was brutal and bloody, but in the end, the fat orc was worn down and dispatched with an axe blow to the back of head. 

With the crowd of orcs cheering and praising the victor, the human slave was carried to him and dropped on the ground at his feet. She looked up at her new master, wanting to see the face of the monster that had just won all rights to her. What she saw frightened her to her very core. He was a large orc; red eyed and heavily muscled. He was bleeding from numerous wounds inflected during the fight and his breathing was rapid. 

With the crowd hollering for the victor to claim his prize, Throgor simply reached down and took her by her upper arm, pulling her to her feet. Without hesitation, he turned and led her out of the pit and away from the crowd. Without saying a word and without a rational reason for his actions, he led her to the edge of the encampment and into the dark woods. 

Once he was sure they were alone, he stopped and turned her to face him. Throgor looked into her dark eyes. She was scared and crying silently, tears streaked her dirty face. As he looked into her eyes, his heart sank within his chest. Never before had he felt such sorrow; never has he felt such pity. He was lost for words and a lump clogged his throat. 

"Are you going to rape me now, Master?" she asked. She lowered her eyes, knowing that she was his property and that he would most likely abuse her and hurt her. Resigned to her fate, she fell to her knees, ready to comply with whatever perverted request he was sure to demand of her. 

"What is your name?" her new master asked. 

"Alaura," she whispered in reply. 

She closed her eyes and began to weep. For so long she had been a prisoner of the orcs. She knew she would never again be with her own people and that her fate was to be a slave until her death. She only prayed that death would come sooner as opposed to later, for she had finally given up hope and now just wanted it all to be over with. 

But, to her surprise, the orc made only one demand. "Run, Alaura. Run away from here as fast as you can and never look back!" Throgor eyes began to tear up as he stepped back away from Alaura. He did not know why he was doing what he was doing, but something within him was telling him that this human was special and that he had to free her. It was as if the Gods were somehow directing his actions. "Run away. Leave while you can." 

Of course, she had nowhere to run to. The best she could hope for was a few weeks of freedom before she was killed by rouges, starvation, or exposure. Instead, she looked up at her savior in astonishment. His face was sullen, as if he had just lost someone dear to him. She did not understand why he was freeing her, but she knew deep down that he was being sincere. 
