 Serenity wrapped her lips around my erect phallus, making my whole body jerk in an instantaneous euphoria. No matter how many times she sucked my manhood, I could never get used to the incomprehensible feeling of it entering her soft mouth. I had never experienced oral sex meeting her, but I knew that no human attempt could create the bliss I was feeling.

Her saliva seemed to vibrate and change in temperature on the shaft and head, with a sweet sugary feeling sinking into my skin. Her mouth was softer than a summer breeze and as deliciously wet as the fruits that hung from the trees of our orchard, but the muscles in her cheeks and tongue were strong enough to crush stones and she could work them better than her own hands. 

When my manhood entered her mouth, I could feel the strength of her muscles working on the shaft and sending the massage-like bliss all the way through my member. She sucked on my erect cock with such skill that it felt like she had forty tongues and they all were somehow rubbing against every exposed spot. 

With Serenity lying on top of me, I buried my face in between the cheeks of her perfectly sculpted ass. I covered her very full (yet very well toned) thighs in kisses before sending my tongue up into her wet slit. The gorgeous nymph gave a muffled moan through my cock in her mouth as I sucked on the wet lips, savoring the taste of the nymph's juices flowing from her gates of paradise.

As I slathered the inner-walls of her sweet body with my tongue, I worked my finger in an out of her anus, making her hum and purr. Eventually, she relinquished my manhood and sat up, letting me lick her anus. She gave a soft moan and squeezed her round breasts as she felt my tongue anally penetrate her voluptuous body.

"Oh Felix, I love your touch! I love feeling of you in my heart and in my body." She moaned as she ran her fingers through her long lustrous hair.

"And I love the taste of your flawless body and your sweet soul. I love to sample the divine rejuvenation that you bless me with." I replied as she moved off my face and gave me a tender kiss. 

She shifted again, straddling my lap. She purred and hummed in arousal as she grinded the shaft of my cock against her wet slit. She wrapped her hands around the head and slowly guiding it in, shivering as it entered her. Chewing on her lips, she began to bounce up and down on my dick, driving it deep into her magic-enriched body. I wrapped my arms around her waist, picking her up myself and slamming her back down with all of my strength. As Serenity bounced on my lap, I held out my tongue and licked her breasts, which were bouncing with the same enthusiasm as the nymph's lust for sex. 

After only a few minutes, Serenity gave a shrill moan as she had one of her magical orgasms, illuminating the tree chamber with her sexual aura. I pulled out of her and she quickly got on her hands and knees, shaking her rear with a coy smile on her face. I sat up and got behind her, stroking my ready cock. I pressed the head against her anus and pushed it in, making Serenity moan in ecstasy.

"Oh yes darling, just like that! Felix, I want you deep inside me!" She called out.

Taking the rhythm I had mastered over the years, I began slamming my cock into her tight asshole. The forest was filled with the clapping of her cheeks against my thighs as I drove my member as far up into her body as possible. As I stretched her anus as far as it could go, Serenity had her face buried in her elbow and was rubbing her pussy with her other hand, giving a rising moan with each thrust. 

Finally, I looked up and groaned as I came, coupled with Serenity's second orgasm. Thick streams of semen shot from the head of my cock, filling her anus until the white slime was overflowing. Her arms and legs buckled and she collapsed, rubbing her semen-filled anus.

"I love the feeling of you essence inside of me." She purred. I laid down beside her and wrapped my arm around her slender waist.

"And I love the feeling of being able to hold you and be inside of you at the same time." I replied as I kissed her neck. Her turquoise skin tasted so sweet, I couldn't get enough of it. She then rolled over and kissed me, slipping her tongue between my lips.

"I never get tired or used to making love to you. Every time is just as magical and incredible as the first time." She hummed. I smiled and placed my hand on the center of her chest, feeling her heartbeat.

"Me neither. I must admit that I am obsessed this beautiful body of yours. I'm so curious and I just want to keep exploring it. You are the most gorgeous thing that has ever blessed my eyes and I'm desperate to memorize every detail and secret. But every time, there is a new inch on your body that I want to study and admire for hours on end. I am haunted by the fact that I will never completely understand you, but that also relieves me, because every time we are intimate, I am surprised and amazed by something new." I replied.

"Well you can never be sure, you might someday know everything about me. After all, we have the rest of eternity to spend together." Serenity said softly before we both fell asleep.

Three years had passed since I arrived at the forest, and they were without a doubt, the greatest years of my life. Every day consisted of lounging in the shade of the trees, swimming in deep sections of the creek, and taking long strolls through the woods while basking in the sun. Every night consisted of dancing in the moonlight or sleeping in out small tree chamber, pressed tightly together under the warmth of our blanket. My diet was entirely made up of the addictively sweet fruit that hung from the branches of every tree. They supplied all the nutrients I required and I never grew tired of them. I would gorge myself on them until I was filled to the brim, and then curse the fact that I could not eat any more.

It was a very simple life, one without any exertion of obstacles. Every moment was filled with unending happiness and relaxation. It was in all sense a perfect life, and with the help of Serenity's healing powers, it was a perfect life that would never end.

The sun was shining brightly as we walked along the shallow creek, picking up pretty stones. In a life where there are no obstacles or hardships, Serenity and I sought playful challenges in abstract art, taking small pieces of nature and rearranging them to create works to represent nature as a whole. My old clothes had been replaced with a new outfit of the same silky material as Serenity's and our bed sheets. Serenity's hair was adorned with flowers and she was carrying a basket of interwoven vines.

"Oh, this one is perfect." She said sweetly as she picked up a piece of mica, perfect for the collage she was working on. 

Just as I was about to speak, the sound of a twig snapping reached my ears. My whole body became rigid as three years of relaxation were pushed aside by my military training.

"Serenity, scan the area, I think we aren't alone." I said softly, trying to be nonchalant. Serenity looked at me with worry on her face.

"There can't be anyone here. Everyone and everything beneath the sunlight and moonlight is under my watch. No one could have possibly entered this forest without me noticing. It was probably just a squirrel you heard." She replied as she stood up.

"Please, just give one thorough search." I muttered as I finally looked around, scanning for any movement. Serenity closed her eyes, focusing her mind on her outsight to examine the forest for any intruders. She finally gave a sigh and opened her eyes.

"There is nothing, we are the only ones here." She said reassuringly. While my mind was put at ease, my muscles did not relax. 

"Sorry, I just always worry about us. After all, this is just a small forest out in the wilderness, not a sacred garden on Mt. Olympus." I mused.

"Well you can be at peace, as this forest is our private Eden." She said sweetly. Just as the words passed her sweet lips, an arrow shot past my face, grazing my cheek. With blood running down my neck, I grabbed Serenity's wrist and we ducked down behind the bushes along the creek.

"What is going on, I thought you said you didn't see anyone?" I cursed.

"I didn't and I still don't, something must be blocking my sight." She replied with her voice filled with fear. 

Behind us, I could hear over almost half a dozen sets of feet hitting the ground, coming towards us. This wasn't just a stray hunter or explorer, this was a group with the intention of search and capture or search and destroy. Whoever it was, I would die before letting them harm Serenity.

"Come on, and stay close." I said as Serenity and I got to our feet. 

We sprinted along the side of creek with arrows flying past us. With every step, I could feel my body returning to its original strength. Even after three years of relaxation, my muscles had not forgotten the strain of battle and my reflexes had not dulled to the demands of fighting. The Felix that been living in peace was stepping aside, and the Felix that was originally a Trojan war-hero was returning to fight.

Up ahead of us, a soldier stepped out of the brush with a sword in his hand. From the plate designs of his bronze armor and the shape of his helm, I instantly recognized him as soldier from Mycenae. It wasn't too long ago that I would slaughter over a hundred of them in each battle...

I charged ahead of Serenity and the soldier lashed out with his sword, trying to deliver a one-hit kill. I dodged the clumsy stab, knocked his arm aside, and tackled him. I knocked him to the ground and pinned him. Before he could try and slash me with his sword or grab a stone from the creek, I snapped his neck by slamming him in the jaw with my palm. I stood up and retrieved his sword. While the shape and weight was different from my old Trojan sword, my body recognized the form and function upon contact. Serenity stared at me with wide eyes as I slashed the air, familiarizing myself with the art of swordplay.

"When we run, stay close. When I fight, stay back." I instructed. Serenity nodded and grasped my hand. We ran into the woods, keeping our senses open to the presence of enemy soldiers.

"I can't see them at all with my outsight. Somehow they are blocking my vision completely." Serenity cursed with worry.

"Then how about we find our why..." I cursed through gritted teeth.

I then released Serenity's hand as I spotted four soldiers up ahead, standing in a clearing. Following my instructions, Serenity slowed down and I increased my speed, jumping into the clearing and surprising the soldiers. Without the slightest hesitation, I slashed the throat of the first, sending a fountain of blood from the laceration.

I then turned and blocked a slash from another soldier, responding in kind by sidestepping behind him and lopping off his head. I quickly stepped back, dodging the arrow from the third soldier. Before he could draw another one, I shattered his bow with a wide slash and drove the tip of the sword straight through his chest, managing to pierce his armor with my full strength.

I looked back at the forth soldier as he pulled out a horn to the signal the rest in the area. Just as he began the call, I knocked the horn out of his hand and then stabbed upwards, piercing him in the lower jaw and driving upwards until my sword burst through the top of his skull and knocked off his helm.

I let loose a howl of pain as an arrow shot through the air and stabbed my shoulder, piercing the muscle and flesh with ease. Serenity stifled a scream at the sight of my injury and the blood streaming from it. Gritting my teeth, I ripped out the arrow and turned to see the approaching crowd of Mycenaean soldiers. There were over two-dozen of them, all armed and ready.

"For Serenity, for my family, and for the city of Troy, I will kill all of you!" I roared at the top of my lungs.

The first soldier jumped out into the clearing and tried to stab me with his spear. I ducked to the side and stepped forward, stabbing him through the gut and making him cough up blood. I grabbed the soldier's spear as he fell to the ground and used it to stab the next that entered my range of killing. Running him through, I stabbed him in the chest and slammed him into a tree, lodging the blade in the trunk and pinning him there.

The third soldier charged with a large battleaxe, swinging from the side with enough force to cleave me in half. Sending all my strength to my legs, I jumped over the attack and stabbed him between the shoulder and the neck, killing him in a single blow.

As he fell to the ground, an arrow launched by the fourth soldier struck my palm, bursting out of the back of my hand. Ignoring my agony and the blood streaming from my fingers, I charged towards him before he could reload. I swung my hand, stabbing him in the eye with the tip of the arrow. With the soldier screaming in pain, I ripped my hand off and then slammed the arrow, forcing it all the way into his skull and ripping away his life.

I turned and raised my sword above my head, bringing it down on a soldier with a shield and a spear. He blocked the attack with his shield, and before he could respond with a spear thrust, I swung my hand in front of him, spraying his face with blood and blinding him. He staggered back, trying to wipe the blood from his face. With that quick opportunity, I slashed his throat and gave it a wide bloody smile. With red fluid flying from the soldier's throat, I ripped off his shield and threw it, sending it flying like a giant discuss and striking an oncoming soldier in the head. Even with his helmet on, the blow shattered his skull.

The sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth all charged towards me, armed only with swords. Snarling and roaring like an animal, I carved them all down without mercy. I pierced the armor of the sixth with a stab as if it was made of parchment and then I cleaved off the arm of the seventh and grabbed his sword while he bled to death. Using the two swords, I blocked the coordinated attacks of the eight and ninth, kicked the eighth to knock him back, and then beheaded the ninth with a twin-scissor slash. With the eight still on the ground, I raised my swords above my head and stabbed down into his chest, tearing through his lungs and soaking the ground with blood.

Soldier after soldier charged towards me with the intent of murder, but with a sword in each hand and the thought of protecting Serenity in my heart, I slaughtered them all without hesitation or opposition. As I tore through the armor of my nineteenth victim and slashed him from shoulder to hip, I lurched forward in pain and looked down. An arrow had pierced my chest, driving through my body and passing just under my heart.

"Felix!" Serenity screamed.

Ignoring the injury, I slashed the throat of my twentieth enemy, sending yet another fountain of blood flying into the air. Another arrow was launched, striking me in the gut. I staggered back with blood pouring from my mouth. I looked up and spotted the soldier that had launched the arrows. His friends were running past him, taking advantage of my injury.

With what little strength I had, I stabbed the first that came close, managing to pierce his heart, but lacking the power to send it driving through the back of his armor. A third arrow was launched, stabbing me through my right lung. Barely able to stand on my feet, I could not stop the rest of the soldiers from delivering their attacks. With swords and spears, they stabbed me through the torso, attacking from all angles. With every organ torn to shreds, I could do nothing but shout in frustration and vomit blood.

Knowing that I could no longer fight, the soldiers pulled their weapons out and let me fall out of the ground. With my mind falling into darkness and my body refusing to respond, I was unable to help Serenity as the soldiers grabbed her, tying her up and dragging the sobbing nymph away.

For the second time in my life, I had failed to protect what was important to me. No matter what I did and how hard I fought, I could not keep those that I loved safe. And this time, the strength to run was not in me. As my blood soaked the ground and my eyelids slowly sank, a bright flash filled my senses.

The sky was filled with golden clouds, moving faster across the blue abyss than a stampeding horse fleeing from hungry wolves. I took a deep shuddering breath, realizing that I was alive. Had that really happened, or had it only been a bad dream? I looked at my chest and had the breath ripped from my lungs as I saw the amount of blood that soaked my shirt. My wounds had disappeared, but the blood was still wet. It had really happened, and that meant...

"Serenity!" I called out as I bolted to my feet and stepped forward. 

The ground didn't greet the bottom of my foot and my whole body instantly panicked as I began to fall. I looked down and almost swallowed my tongue at the scene below me. I was flying through the sky, several miles above the safety of solid ground. A hand reached out behind me and pulled me back before I could fall off of whatever surface I was standing on.

"Easy noble Trojan, I didn't save your life so that you could fall to your doom." A deep voice said. 

I turned around, facing a man with clothes of silk and blond hair. He and I were riding through the sky on a chariot of solid gold, pulled by four horses made entirely of condensed fire. My eyes had to be deceiving me, for there was no way the man that had just pulled be back from a terrifying death could be who I thought he was.

"Is it possible... are you really Helios?" I gasped.

"Well I am certainly not that brat Apollo. I am indeed Helios, the god of the sun and moon. I am also the father of Serenity, as you well know." He nodded.

"Serenity, what happened to her?!" I demanded.

"That is what you will learn from the others." He said, obviously trying to hide his fear and worry.

"From the others, you mean the rest of the gods?" I asked with my voice shaking. 

"But of course. Welcome Felix, to Mt. Olympus!" He called as he held out his arm.

I looked ahead and my jaw sank so low that it was almost ripped from my skull. With the sun shining on the sea of clouds and giving them a golden shade, a colossal temple of diamond and marble was built into the summit of the tallest mountain in the world, Mt. Olympus. The temple was decorated with statues of the gods and surrounded by courtyards containing entire geographical areas. Fields, forests, and even lakes were all being held in creases of the colossal mountain, held up so high that no one on the ground could ever see them

The courtyards were filled with the mystical creatures of legend, all living peacefully in their Eden. Winged horses flew between gargantuan pillars, the Ceryneian Hind grazed in a sunlit field, the Laelaps was lying in the shade of a tree while chewing on a bone, several hundred phoenixes were all perched in a small forest, with each tree charred from the death and rebirth of the birds, and the Teumessian Fox could see seen wandering among the cliffs.

Helios and I passed through a towering gate of solid glass and the golden chariot came to a halt on the marble floor.

"Come with me, Zeus and the others need to speak with you." Helios said as he stepped off the chariot and walked down a glowing hallway. In utter astonishment at what he had just said, it took me a moment to shake myself awake and follow him.

Helios led me to a large set of doors, both made of sterling silver. With a flick of his wrist, Helios opened the doors without touching them and brought me through. We entered a circular room with every surface made of a precious mineral, jewel, or metal. The walls were lined with thrones, and sitting in each was a god or goddess. Without having ever seen them before, I could instantly identify deities like Athena, Zeus, Poseidon, Apollo, and all others. I couldn't believe my eyes; I was actually in the presence of the gods. I would have normally bowed, but my mind was too fixated on Serenity.
