 ***Hope you all enjoy the read, there will be a part two. Would love to hear your feedback, where you'd like the story to go and anything else you can think of***

*****

The trek through the dense undergrowth was pain staking. Sweat had collected on my brow, staining my shirt. The two guys up ahead of me viscously wacked at the undergrowth, trying desperately to form a path. Our venture deep into the Amazon had borne no fruit so far. I was a biologist, specialising in the flora of exotic continents and their application in modern medicine. Each step took time, time that burnt at the precious little daylight we had. I was panting as the humidity in the air made it feel like we were in an oven. Camp was five miles back the way we came. Setting off at the crack of dawn hadn't given us the head start we needed. Under this dense canopy the light would fade much faster. Lilly, a geologist, similarly panting behind me, trying her best to keep up and watch her footing. 

"Mike! How much further until we reach our destination?" I shout ahead.

"Another mile, maybe a bit less, check your GPS navigator."

I pull it from my side, checking my watch as I do. The countdown to sunset is two hours, not much time at all. The GPS navigator bleeps as I hit the button on the side with my thumb. The screen glows a dull green.

"From this, we should reach this cave in 0.4 miles!" I shout ahead again. 

"Come up to the front." He hollers back. 

I push past Philip and join Mike. His shirt sleeves are rolled up, copious amounts of sweat drip from his face. His jawline is sharp, muscles bulging at his shirt, aching no doubt from swinging that machete around. I show him the navigator. 

"Ahh - closer than I first thought." Offering me a smile. "Everyone take five!"

Philip and Lilly throw their packs to the floor, collapsing to the ground next to one another, completely exhausted. I similarly throw myself down, reaching for my water canteen. 

"This better be worth it." Philip snarls as he takes a swig of water. 

I offer a middle finger in response. I loosen my ponytail, readjusting it as strands of hair splay out. My long brown hair is surprisingly soft, considering the humidity and sweat. I let go of dignity way back and unbuttoned my shirt, slightly exposing my cleavage, nothing these guys hadn't seen before I'm sure. Sweat glistened off my tits in the high afternoon sun. 

The break was short lived, Mike drawing us to our feet once more. We resumed our positions, single file behind Mike and his machete. Lilly squealed behind us as she tripped on a tree root and was almost swallowed by the undergrowth, Philip catching her. 

"What does the navigator say now?" Mike asked.

I pull it from my belt again, the green hue of the screen saying 300 metres, I relay it to Mike. He simply nods and continues forward. Mike had been at odds with me ever since we fucked, and I left him in the hotel room. We shared one drunken night together and he is all hung up on me leaving. 

Just ahead, the trees melt away and rock juts out from the greenery. Before I even get to look at the cave my right foot, as I step forward, feels nothing below it as I try to shimmy around Mike. My leg falls first, followed by the rest of me. Mike isn't quick enough to react, I see him grabbing at the air, a wild shock in his eyes. The suns rays fade as I plunge into a murky darkness. Wind howling past my ears as I fall. My fall is broken by water, I make a huge splash. I panic and clumsily swim, gasping for air as I break the surface of the underground lake. 

"Sarah! - Sarah are you okay!" I hear Mike desperately yell. 

"I'm okay - I'm okay!" I mutter then shout in retort. 

"Stay exactly where you are!"

Easier said than done. 

"It's an underground lake, I'll try and find a land!" 

"Okay, don't go too far."

I hear them mumbling and rustling. Drips from the stalagmites above patter against the water, echoing. I pull my backpack around and in front of me, using it as a flotation device. Taking a moment to breath and calm myself before carefully searching for my torch. I pull it from a strap on my pack and shine in front of me, turning a full 360 degrees, spotting an embankment nearby. I signal the guys, seeing their heads peer over the edge, I point to where I am going. A thumbs up confirms they know. 

I clamber up the stone and collapse onto the dirt. I was lucky to land in water, that could have nearly been the end of me. This must connect in some way to the entrance I barely saw. I shine my light around the embankment, nothing seems out of the ordinary, no tunnels or exits. So here I will wait. My clothes are completely soaked through, my shirt clings to my skin, even my panties grip my pussy. I unbutton my shirt, revealing a wet white tank top beneath, my black push up bra clearly visible. Hopefully I will dry off. 

I hear the guys rustling and mumbling up above, checking in every so often to see if I'm okay. The only injury is a scrape down my left leg as it trailed behind me after I lost my footing. Something behind me rustles the dirt on the ground. I panic and jump to my feet, sharply pointing my flashlight at where the noise came from. Vines, vines cover the wall, how had I missed them. In the small circle of light that my flashlight provided I noticed that they were beginning to move, intertwining with one another, writhing on the wall. My instinct was screaming at me to run, but my curiosity got the better of me and I slowly approached, unsheathing a survival knife from my backpack. 

I gingerly moved toward the vines. I poked at one with my blade, it twitched and arched back. A translucent, viscous green liquid oozed from the knife wound. In all my years studying flora I had never seen anything like this. I whipped out the rubber gloves and went in for a closer inspection. The vines were warm to the touch, emanating heat like that of a living creature. Each vine had subtle differences, bumps, lumps and ridges all distinct from one another. I couldn't make out where they originated from. 

I squealed as one had snuck down by my foot and began to wrap itself around my boot, making its' way up to my ankle, that's when I felt it. I pulled back and the vine tightened its grip, it jolted me in place and I tumbled down back into the dirt. The vine continued up my leg, reaching my knee now. I took my blade, grabbing it down at my ankle with my free hand, then I slashed at it. The entire wall of vines trembled, jittering and shaking. Did they feel pain? The vine retreated from my leg, my ankle sore from how tight it gripped me. That vine moved more so like an appendage, plants don't move like that. Before I made it back onto my feet a vine shot out and curled around my hand that held the knife, it squeezed, applying more and more pressure, I reeled in pain, brought to my knees before I unclenched my fist and let the knife drop. As it hit the ground, another vine viciously stretched out and slapped it away. It loosened it's grip on my wrist, making sure to still have a hold on me. 

The vine wall slowly parted, vines retreating and rejigging before revealing a large plant-like structure buried in the ground. Huge, prehistoric leaves sprouted around the enormous, bulbous head of the plant. The head resembled a Venus fly trap, much larger, however. It began to slowly open, creaking in its enormity. Huge strings of goo, viscous and green stretched between the opening. A low-pitched hissing sound rumbled from the opening. I was shaking with pure terror, realising I might be eaten by this oversized shrub. The single vine that held my wrist began to pull me in close, I struggled, kicking and grabbing, trying desperately to loosen its grip, but to no avail.

I managed a scream, hopefully the guys will hear me. It echoed through the cave. A minute, two minutes past and no response. Where have they gone? I was closer now to the plant creature. The vines had begun secreting the same viscous, slimy green ooze that appeared when I stabbed the vine before. Once more the creature hissed, opening its huge maw further before another tentacle returned to my leg, crawling up my ankle, weaving its way under my trouser. I continued to fight against it, trying to pull my leg away. It had worked its way up my inner thigh, brushing past my cunt. I twitched as it did so, my body betraying my terror, replacing it with the ripples and sensation of pleasure. 

The vine stopped at the top of my thigh. It felt as though it was searching, as it moved closer to my pubic mound, I screamed out again, hoping the guys up top would hear me. Again, no response. The creature stopped its search, another vine creeped up behind me, wrapping around my neck, positioning itself inches away from my face. The ooze dripped from the tip, it had an earthy, undergrowth smell. This vine was particularly smoother than the rest. It inched forward, my bottom lip quivered as it poked at my face, wiggling against my nose before pressing up against my lips. 

"Mhmmhmmm." I muffled, not wanting to invite it in. 

What was this thing doing, I thought it would have eaten me by now? It pushed harder against my lips, taking more effort to keep them pushed together. The vine constricted around my neck, slowly crushing my wind pipe. My breaths became shallow, then I lost air supply. I could hold no longer, my body reacted on instinct and my mouth flew open, the vine released its crushing grip, I took a singular gulp of air before it plunged its smooth appendage into my mouth. The vine filled my jaw, it continued to the back of my throat and down, pushing my tongue down, thrusting deep inside me. I gagged endlessly as it explored down my throat, loosening around my neck to encompass the bulge. 

With my free hand I grabbed hard at the vine now buried in my throat and stomach. It wriggled and writhed around inside me, exploring me, bulging and protruding from my stomach. I desperately pulled at the vine, moaning and groaning as my vision began to haze at the edges, consciousness slowly drifting away. I could feel, amid the panic, the ooze begin to leak more so inside my stomach. The vine suddenly retreated, leaving a trail of ooze down my throat as it fully pulled out. I coughed and spluttered, brining up some of the ooze it had left in me. My eyes where watering, running down my cheeks after being gagged heavily by that vine. 

It let out a familiar hiss once more, another vine grabbed at my free hand. Both now restrained. My other leg too taken prisoner by a thick, lumpy appendage. The creature continued to search my body, every so often brushing my clit, forcing it to engorge and send pulses of pleasure racing through my muscles. Two vines slipped up the bottom of my shirt and vest, dancing across my toned abdomen and up towards my chest. All I could was watch, helpless in my screams. It worked a single vine between my tits before the hissing became higher pitched. It violently tore outwards, tearing my shirt and vest, casting them aside onto the dirt. The creature exposed my pushed together breasts, heaving with each heavy breath, glistening with sweat. It grabbed at the centre of my bra, swiftly yanking. I squeal as the bra snaps, revealing my huge breasts, they fall to the side slightly, still holding their perkiness, however. The two vines that explored my body gentle wrap around them, squishing my tits, with the tips playfully flicking at my now fully erect nipples. 

A wave of ecstasy gushes, washing over my entire body, my tits burn with a fiendish desire. The terror still resides within me, but my body is responding to the delicate pleasure. 

"Ooooh fuck." I coo and moan "Please no." I beg. 

The creature responds to my moans, gripping my tits firmly as it catches me off guard, plunging its vine around my neck into my mouth once more. I try to yell and scream, my tits begin to burn with pain as it violently squeezes and kneads them in its grip. The vine shoots to the back of my mouth and down my throat again. I gag heavily with each thrust, tears rolling down my cheeks, smearing what little makeup I had on. With each thrust it lubricates my insides with copious amounts of that viscous liquid, its warm in the back of my throat. I wriggle in its grip, only forcing it to hold onto me tighter. The vines are still exploring beneath my trousers. 

Salvia spilled from the sides of my mouth as I tried desperately and in vein to swallow all this liquid. It mixed with my saliva, spilling down my neck, trickling over my tits, lubing them up, making it easier for the creatures' vines to run over them. The pumping in my mouth became more violent, the build up of the ooze filling my stomach up. A hiss, bordering on a roar leaked out from the plants maw as it thrust it's vine as deep as possible down my throat. Strings of hot, gooey ooze plastered my insides, load after load emptied into my throat. I clenched my eyes shut as I resisted the need to throw up, my belly becoming slightly inflated and engorged from the unholy amount of ooze the plant had ejaculated into me. The vine slowly retreated from my throat. I gasped for air, desperately taking in as many breaths as possible. I coughed and spluttered, emptying the creatures ooze, that it had left in my throat, onto the ground. 

My stomach and abdomen shrunk back down, and the ooze exited me. 

"Somebody - somebody please help." I groan, panicked and wrecked. 

A bulbous vine appeared before me as I brought my head up. The length more ribbed and bumpier, with the tip bulb like. It squelched open, revealing a pink, fleshier appendage, gleaming with slime. I recoil in terror, not another one. The vine around my neck pushes my head forward. I, again, tightly push my lips together. The plant constricts my neck once more, I take less time to gasp, as I do, it plunges into my mouth. This one is a whole shorter, but has a girth to it, stretching my already aching jaw. It pushes hard against my face, reaching as far back into my mouth as possible. My cries are muffled whims. In a rhythmic fashion, the appendage fucks my mouth, gaining in vigour and speed as its excitement grows. Lathering the back of my throat up with its gooey ooze. With each thrust in I moan, my jaw in agony, my nipples sore from rough play. 

With a forceful final thrust, the plant pushes the bulbous part, at the base of the fleshy vine, into my mouth, forcing its girthy, wet member down my throat. I almost pass out from the pain as my throat bulges to accommodate the flood of ooze that began to excrete into me. I gag uncontrollably as I fail to swallow the huge strings of ejaculate being shot into my stomach. Then, following the goo, large, spherical lumps roll down my throat, bulging it. I swallow each one with a large gulp. Then its member relaxes, slowly retreating from my throat and mouth. 

My stomach aches as it inflates to accommodate whatever the plant left inside me. The vines wrapped around my wrist and neck retreat, leaving only it's hold on me via my legs. I fall to my knees, clutching at my stomach as feel the lumps inside me. A burning sensation fills my throat, the inflation slowly decreases. I take deep, heavy breaths, pushing through the pain. Eventually it subsides. The plant seems dormant, it's vines slowly curling and writhing, as if it watches me. As I look up, I feel the vine in my panties push underneath them. It fully runs its appendage across my wet slit, brushing my engorged clit, sending those familiar waves of pure pleasure through my muscles. My back arched as I cooed. 

"Oh my god." I mumble. 

The plant stops its search. The two tentacles latch onto my legs, tight in their grip. A further two vines pull at the bottom of trouser legs. I grab at my belt, trying the keep my trousers up, but the vines out muscle me. My trousers are ripped from my body and I am left laying in the dirt, with only my panties to keep my dignity...