 *Part 3, long time in the making. Did feel like I needed to make up for the ending to Part 2, so hopefully this suffices. Have laid the groundwork for a continuation to this universe, so lemmie know if you'd want to see more! Enjoy* 

*****

The creature completely retreated from my body. All the vines and tentacles retracted. I fell over to the side. I could feel the ooze the plant had excreted inside me dribble out from my soaking pussy. I lay there, in the dirt, completely naked, covered head to toe in sweat. I could still taste the sweet nectar in the back of throat every time I swallowed. I took deep, long breaths, trying to wrap my head around what just happened. My muscles burn, legs trembling, hands numb. I can feel my insides aching, I'd never been so deeply fucked and explored. My tits were pushed together as I lay there on my side, nipples still erect, flesh still burning with a want and desire. 

I roll myself over, turning my head. The plant-like creature still had it's huge, venus fly trap maw agape. No hissing, no screeching. Maybe this could be my chance to get away, to wake up from this nightmare. I forget my clothes, they were torn off, I just need to get out of here. I slowly edge myself back towards the water, still on all floors. The numbness in my muscles made it hard to move. Inch by inch I crawl, every so often checking over my shoulder, making sure the plant is still dormant. 

I almost make it, but I freeze when the air falls still, I feel a presence behind me. I gulp, building up the courage to turn my head. The plant has moved from its home within the wall! Gigantic vines move it along the floor. It begins with a low groan emanating from the gaping maw. It lurches towards me, pulling itself across the dirt. 

Gigantic tendrils snake across the dirt and dive into the water. The monstrous plant finds a comfortable position and slumps back into the ground, hundreds of tiny vines around its base dig in, keeping it stable. Dirt is thrown into the air as its mass slumps down. I edge, slowly, away from the plant whilst it seems occupied. My heart races, pounding into my chest. I shuddered in the cold of the cave, trying to move to a large rock jutting out from the ground. 

The plant was roused by my movement. A single, muscular vine whipped through the air and attached itself to my leg. I dug my nails into the ground as the plant proceeded to pull me back towards itself. As I struggled, both my legs had vines coiled up around them. I was swiftly hoisted into the air, hanging upside down. The creature raised me up higher until I was dangling above its mouth. 

"No - please - no!" I screamed. 

This thing was going to eat me, after everything, I would just be food. I slowly began to lower. I squirmed in the monster's grasp. I threw my arms over my eyes, expecting to be eaten. More tentacles wrapped around my wrists, the vines around my legs loosened as I was spun around. Now hanging from my arms, I peered down. The plants maw was a fleshy pink, covered in ooze and what looked like saliva. Large, muscular fleshy vines grew from the maw. They curled around my thighs, reliving the pressure on my arms. I was held in place, hovering between either side of the plants mouth. A familiar hissing sounded off, before becoming gargling. 

The fleshy vines restrained me, gripping me tight. A horrible squelching sound came from below me. I look down to find an enormous, thick and throbbing monstrosity push out from the plants mouth. It's not like the other appendages, its completely rigid and stiff. The vines wrapped around me begin to tense and lower me down. Fuck - that thing is fucking massive, that won't fit! 

"Please - that won't fit." I beg. "Lilly! Mike! Anyone - please!"

My voice echoes around the cave, but there is no response. The echo fades and I am left alone with this plant once more. The tip rubs against my pussy. I shudder as tingling sensations shoot up my spine. Juices flood from my cunt, lathering up the throbbing cock-like object between my legs. The vines ease me down, the large tip begins to part my lips. I inhale, deep, long breaths. Pleasure begins to build in my muscles. I brace myself for that thing to push its way inside me. I watch a vine wiggle its way up to my clit, where it proceeds to move across it like a tongue, flicking back and forth. 

"Oh fuck." I moan. 

I don't want to give in again, but that feels incredible. As the vine massages my engorged clit, more sprout from the maw of the creature. Two move up to my large tits, wrapping around them, kneading the flesh, the tips flicking at my erect nipples. My entire body burns with ecstasy. The vines lower me further, my lips parting to accommodate the huge cock. I feel it push inside me, throbbing, pre-cum trickling out from the monster's member. Deeper and deeper it goes, filling my cunt entirely, my lips are pushed to the extreme trying to fit this thing inside me. The plant roars as its cock pushes past my cervix and into my womb. 

"Agghh jesus - fuck." I coo. 

My body convulses, trying to fit this thing inside. My lower abdomen bulges from the enormous cock buried in me. I clench my fists. My head falls back, I furrow my brow and wince as the wind is pulled from me. Short, sharp breaths as I focus on the thing between my legs. The vines pull me back up, the cock retreating from my body. Then I am forced back down, the cock plunging back inside me. 

"Holy fuck!" I yell. 

The plant finds a rhythm, using my pussy wrapped around its cock to jerk it off. My huge breasts jiggle as I am bounced up and down. It feels amazing, waves of pleasure rush across my body every time the plant pushes me down on it. I keep my hands tightly clenched. If I don't focus, I'll pass out. I've never felt anything comparable to this. I want more, I need more! Even though I am restrained, I do my best to move my hips on the penis as it brings me down. 

I could feel it twitch and pulse inside me, the enormous, muscular cock railing me hard. The vine continued to work hard on my clit, amplifying what I was feeling. The tentacles gripped onto my tits, constantly kneading the flesh, every so often, flicking away at my hard nipples. Ooze began to seep into my womb, I could feel it building up. A fleshy vine rose up to eye level. With my mouth agape, constantly moaning and groaning, the appendage took advantage and plunged into my mouth. 

My eyes widen, and I try to shriek, but it becomes muffled as the vine pushes past my mouth and down my throat. I try to grab at the vine, but my wrists are firmly held in place, any sudden movement makes them constrict. The tentacle fills my throat, continuing to explore my body, pushing down further. My jaw quickly begins to ache, stretching to allow to the tentacle in. It doesn't want to stop, going deeper and deeper. I feel it writhe around inside me, it twitches, throbbing as ooze spills from its tip. Once it finishes pushing down, it swiftly retracts and pushes back in. I can feel my throat bulging, its large member expanding both my holes. 

I watch the slimy thing push into my mouth. The plant was quick t pick up the pace as it senses my desperation for oxygen. The edges of my vision begin to recede, blurring as I stare up at the cavern ceiling. Finally, after vigorously slamming its member down my throat, I feel the first hot string of ooze ling my insides. It streams out, a seemingly endless flow of juices builds up in my stomach. The vine relaxes, giving me room to breathe. I take in a huge gulp of air, gagging on the tentacle still deep down my throat. Cum spills out, covering my chin and dripping down onto my naked, tort body. 

I had my full concentration on being fucked in the mouth. Now I was back, a hold on my senses, I was reintroduced to the monster cock between my legs. I began to groan again, the feeling of that gargantuan thing pressing against my insides drove me wild. Within moments, an orgasm exploded, tearing through my body. The plant worked my clit harder, pushing itself inside deeper, as if it knew. My muscles uncontrollably spasmed. Legs and arms trembled and shuddered. I gripped my lips tighter around its cock.  

"Fuck - keep going - keep going." I moaned.

I focused on rotating my hips down on the plant's penis, matching its rhythm. The tentacle against my clit disappeared, the monster focusing on pulling my pussy down on its cock. Faster and faster it went, I could barely keep up, my cunt had been stretched, my insides pounded. Finally, it began to twitch, I felt its muscular member pulsate. 

"Yes - fucking fill me up." I balled my hands up into fists. "Come on." I beg.

As if on command, the plant finished. A torrent of semen plastered my insides, an endless river of it spilled out inside me. The giant cock was forced all the way into my womb. I could feel semen leaking out, running down my leg as my body failed to hold it all in. My stomach began to bulge, distending from the pressure and build-up of the ooze being deposited. I squeal. The tentacles around my wrist fly off, chaotically swirling around in the air. I wrap one hand around my breasts, pinching and squeezing. The other I throw around the bulge, taking in deep breaths as new and unfamiliar sensations run rife through my mind. My cunt tingles and burns as muscular cock stiffens and throbs with each load. 

I think its over, I feel the member stop throbbing. The plant begins to shudder, its maw shaking. I frantically look around. Nothing is happening, what is it doing now? I look down, waiting to see the cock retreat from my pussy, but it doesn't go flaccid, it has stayed rock hard. I can't take another fucking. This thing is going to break me. The shaking stops. I watch, fixated on the cock, as it begins to expand at the base, as if it was pushing something through itself. The spherical object pushes up, inside the vine. I feel it jam against my stretched lips. What the fuck is it doing!? 

"Agh! Fuck" I cry out. 

My brows furrow as I wince, hard. It won't fit, not whilst I'm filled up. The plant continues to push, the muscles at its base clench hard, forcing the spherical object upwards. Little by little, my lips are forced even further apart, I couldn't have imagined I could go this wide. With a sudden relief, the entire thing slips past my lips. After what seemed like endless torment, I feel the bulged cock expand inside me. It painstakingly forces the thing through my cervix and into my womb. The spherical object is warm and sticky as I feel it being planted inside me. I grab both hands around the growing bulge in my lower abdomen.

"Ugh fuck, what is that?" I see another protrude at the vines base. "No - no more, they won't fit."

The monster proceeds to push one after another into my womb. Water streams down my cheeks as I bite my tongue, clutch at my growing stomach. I try to breath in between what I now realise to be eggs, being planted within me. This thing was impregnating me. The semen was a layer it had to put down in me, before giving me its seed. So, everything it did to me before - was a test? To see if I was suitable? 

The final egg forces me to wince as it shoots from the vine and lays within my womb. The monster keeps its cock jammed inside me. If it pulled out, everything would undoubtedly spill out from me. More and more vines begin to worm there way out from the maw, small and large, they begin to wrap around every inch of me. I begin to slowly lower down. I am exhausted - in-fact, that doesn't even begin to describe how I am feeling. My mental and physical exhaustion is beyond comprehension. The maw of the creature begins to close as I am laid onto the gooey, pink and fleshy "floor". Held tightly in place by an endless sea of vines. I don't know how long the eggs will gestate for, but I imagine I won't be let free until then. 

As I find peace with where I am, my entire self completely numb, my eyes weighing heavy I let them begin to shut. The maw clamps tightly shut. Its certainly claustrophobic, but I can breathe. Then, before I let go and fall into an abyss of sleep - I hear - voices!