 Alexei Vasiliev was in trouble, that much was clear. To him, however, it was nothing but pure ecstasy. After being unable to repress his desires, he'd wandered out into the forest and fallen prey to one of the many seductive creatures of Venus. This one, a plant goddess, now had him right where she wanted him. 

Since sealing him up inside of her luxurious plant cocoon, they hadn't stopped mating. His cock still stuck inside the circular-shaped flower prison he'd helplessly thrust into, he was a slave to the desires of his new mistress. Pressed up against her tightly, all he could do was thrust, while she lay back and joined him in their mutual lust. The chemicals assaulting his brain were relentless, but after emptying himself in her for hours, his body was beginning to grow weak. 

He could feel his muscles aching, his entire body aflame with pain as well as lust. Whatever had started to happen, he was beginning to lose himself. This thought wasn't enough to break through the wall of chemicals surrounding his very consciousness, but it did bring him slightly back into focus. 

"F...fuck..." he groaned, never missing a beat as the couple thrust together in sync. 

"You're doing so good...soon your mind will be empty, and you'll forget everything about the past," his seductress smiled, bringing her hand up to caress his cheek. He wanted to lean into her touch, to feel his mistress envelop him in warmth and true ecstasy, but...something was wrong. 

"Stop...please..." Alexei cried, unable to will his own body to obey his orders. 

"Shh, baby, you're mine now..." she cooed, bringing both hands up to his face to pull him into a deep, wet kiss. Her lips were as soft as flowers, and as he felt them press against his own, his mind went blank once again. He was hers, and that's all he ever wanted to be.

As he started to thrust into his goddess again, giving himself to her completely, he suddenly felt something pressing against his back. It was too solid to be the leaves of the cocoon, and too heavy to be a part of his mistress. What could it be?

"Such a good boy...mine forever," the seductress sang, filling his head with more sweet numbness. He agreed with her in every way, and he wanted to give in...but whatever was pressing into his back blocked him from doing that. He needed to fix it, so he could belong to his goddess forever. 

He struggled to pull his right arm up, tearing his hand away from her large, soft breasts. He longed to return it to its rightful position, to feel the softness of his mistress, but he had to get rid of whatever was pressing into him first. Then, he'd be hers.

As he reached back, his hand settled on something made of metal. He grabbed at it and tried to tug it out, freeing him to be with the one he truly loved. 

"Let me help you, baby," his mistress said with a beaming smile, reaching her arms behind him to push the object away from him. He gazed into her eyes, absolutely entranced by that smile. She was all he needed in life, all he desired. 

Then the object slipped from his back, the strap falling with it. As it fell, he suddenly remembered what it was he'd been carrying.

*BANG*

The plant exploded open as Alexei flew through the air, flipping several times before slamming down to the ground with a large grunt. Bits of the plant's leaves fell down on him like rain, landing near him and scattering the ground. The goddess, his goddess, was no more, reduced to nothing by the likes of a shotgun shell. The very same shotgun that now lay by his side, smoke pouring out through the barrel.

"No...no!" Alexei cried, crawling over to the wreckage. His mistress' body lay in a heap, no longer the vision of beauty and lust she'd led him to believe. Now she looked more like a plant, with thorns that looked sharp enough to kill. He began to slowly back away, suddenly bringing attention to his groin. She'd left a part of herself with him. 

He jumped up and ran, screaming as his mind fell from the haze that had become his everything. 

***

Captain James Baker went to one of the tables on the main deck of the ship and swiped his arm across it, sending everything on top of it crashing onto the floor. He then grabbed Simon by the shoulder and forced him into one of the chairs, glaring down at him with a sinister stare.

"Okay, professor, you're going to sit there and tell us everything you know, and if you try to move, I promise you you'll have your day with death," James growled, holding his pistol by his side to enforce his dominance. Simon cowered below him, reaching for the folder. Kate stood just behind James, eyebrows raised as she watched the Professor adjust his glasses nervously.

"Y...yes Captain...I'm so sorry I lied to you, sir..."

"Enough apologizing, just tell us," Kate pleaded. Simon met her gaze and sighed. 

"When PHIGMA hired me, they gave me a folder with information on the last team they sent up here. Apparently they disappeared only a few days into the mission, and the company did their best to keep it a secret from anyone outside of their ranks. They hired me because of the creatures Captain Jones reported seeing. Mermaids, dryads...things that haven't had reported sightings in centuries. I guess they thought someone who specializes in Mythology would be able to tell for sure what the hell is up here."

"And?" Kate asked.

"Yeah, those definitely aren't humans. What we're dealing with here is the potential of extraterrestrial life that's settled here on Venus, and whatever they are, they know about PHIGMA and their operation. My guess is they've been here for a while, and when a ship full of humans came soaring in to try and colonize this place, they started to fight back." Simon recounted, thinking back to what he'd seen. James sighed, holstering his pistol before walking over to one of the ship's large bay windows.

"I honestly don't know who to trust anymore, the corporate assholes who sent us here or the creatures out there," he scoffed, staring out at the lush forest.

"Can I see that folder?" Kate asked, holding out her hand. Simon gave it to her and she opened it, pouring over the files and photographs. 

"The map is the oddest thing in there, honestly. It changes with every step we take," Simon said, remembering how it led him to the journal. Kate began to take small steps around the ship, her eyes widening as she watched different symbols begin to pop up on the parchment.

"Holy shit...it's tracking us somehow," she said, holding it out as James walked over to her to see. 

"Wait, why is one of the dots moving towards us so quickly?" James asked, pointing at a blinking brown circle on the map. Simon got up and joined him at his side, viewing the strange occurrence for himself.

"Something's coming towards the ship...we have to stop it!" Simon cried, panic enveloping him. 

"Oh fuck no, not this time," James growled, pulling his shotgun from his back and heading for the airlock. Kate followed closely behind, while Simon cowered against the table. 

James slammed his fist down against the airlock release button, sending the door sliding open rapidly. He aimed his shotgun at the open doorway, fingers trembling. "Face me head on, asshole. Try me!"

"Boss...please..." came a cry from outside. James raised an eyebrow and walked out onto the exit ramp, where he found Alexei on his knees at the bottom, completely naked. A pulsating purple flower was attached to his genitals, lighting up the surrounding area.

"Oh god, Alexei! Kate, help me with him!" James cried, running to the aid of his explosives expert. Kate followed and they both took him by an arm, helping him inside. The airlock closed behind them as they helped him inside, heading towards Simon. 

"Professor, step aside!" James ordered, grunting from the weight of Alexei's form. Simon backed away as Kate and James lay their comrade down on the table, catching their breath as he lay back and groaned. Kate went to his aid, looking him over and checking his vitals.

"I'm not dead, Ms. Stiles. Just a bit...exhausted," Alexei breathed, letting out a long sigh.

"Simon, any idea what this thing is?" James asked, nodding his head at the plant on Alexei's cock. 

"According to the journal, it's a floral attachment that attaches to the genitals when it senses a phallic-shaped device, sort of similar to a venus fly trap," Simon recounted, consulting the book.

"In English, please?" James asked.

"He fucked a plant, sir," Simon replied. James looked back down at Alexei. 

"So, you just couldn't resist the call of the fucking vegetables, could ya, Russian?" He smirked.

"Don't make fun of that which you cannot understand, boss," Alexei grinned, laughing along with him. 

"Kate, please fetch Alexei a spare uniform from the dorm area of the ship. Simon, I'd like a word with you," James said, before walking over to the ship's helm. Simon clutched the journal and followed, hoping the Captain wouldn't be too hard on him.

"Yes, sir?" He asked, hoping his punctuality would save him any reprimand.

"The only reason I haven't sent you into the forest by yourself to deal with the creatures you know so much about is just that: you know things that we don't. As long as you're completely straightforward with my crew and I for the rest of whatever this is, you'll have no problems with me. Are we clear?"

"Of course, I've told you everything and I want to help in any way that I can," Simon said, looking up at their brave leader.

"Good. Now, since you are our guide, what do you think we should do next?" James asked, finally meeting the Professor's gaze.

"Well, now that we can see the exact positions of everyone here, I'd say it would be best for us to try launching a recovery effort for David and Eddie. Once we get them back, we can leave this planet for good and return to our lives," Simon replied, looking back down at the map. James thought for a moment, letting out another sigh.

"Fine. Show us where to go, and we'll follow," James said, receiving a nod from Simon. The disgruntled Professor then turned and began to head back towards the table, still trying to deal with his nerves.

"Oh, and Simon?" James called.

"Yes?" Simon asked, turning back.

"People are going to know your name when we make it out of this. I get the feeling your world is about to get a whole lot bigger," James said with a reassuring smile.

"T...thank you sir," Simon replied, smiling back.

***

The four remaining crew members of the USS Servitude made their way back down the path, now led by Simon. He held the map open in his hands, watching for any odd movements.

"So, what was it like?" Kate asked, looking back at Alexei. 

"You really want to know?" Alexei asked, looking at her with his eyebrows raised.

"I do. For science," she replied. James chuckled up ahead of them. 

"Well, it feels...safe. They drug you with these things that make you complacent, and it just feels right. I've had my fair share back home, but I've never felt anything like that shit in my life," Alexei replied, the flower wrapped around his cock squeezing as he recalled his time in the plant. 

"Right...thanks," Kate replied, almost wishing she hadn't asked. Simon held his hand up, motioning for the others to stop.

"Hold on, there's another brown dot on the map," he said, tracing it with his finger to their current location. James came to his side and took hold of the map's edge, looking at it himself. 

"Brown means one of us, right?' James asked, looking up at Simon, who adjusted his glasses.

"If finding Alexei was any indication, yes," Simon replied. James took hold of the map and began to follow the pathway to the dot. The others followed, watching his every move. James eventually made a turn and the group found themselves standing in front of what looked like a log cabin. The curtains were shut, and a soft mist seemed to surround the grounds.

"So what, Eddie found a cabin and decided to just stay there?" James asked, staring up at the strange building.

"It could be David...wait, there's another brown dot!" Simon called out, noticing another blinking dot to the north of their location on their map. 

"You three go, I'll get Eddie out," James said, pumping his shotgun. 

"Are you sure? It could be dangerous," Kate said.

"I'm fairly certain that Eddie's just in there sitting on his ass. We'll meet halfway when I find him," James said. His crew watched him, almost afraid to be without his guidance. "That's an order."

He turned around and walked up the grassy path to the cabin, grinning to himself as he heard the footsteps of his unit listening to his orders and heading out. It had always given him a sense of pride when people listened to his orders. It just came with the rank, he liked to believe. 

As he reached the cabin's main door, he suddenly cocked his head back, his ears picking up what sounded like a woman's voice.

"Come inside, baby..." 

He shook it off and readied himself, kicking the cabin's door open and stepping inside. He found himself standing in what looked to be a normal home back on Earth, with a kitchen to the right and a living room to the left. The couch inside was distinctively purple, making James wonder if he'd ever seen anything like it. 

"Hello? Eddie?" He called out, his shotgun at the ready. The mist surrounding him began to fill his nose, smelling of lilacs and other flowers. He shook his head to rid himself of the scent, continuing on. 

He stepped into the living room, lowering his shotgun and scratching the back of his head.

"Sergeant, you'd better come out and face the..."

James cried out as something solid slammed against the back of his head, knocking him out cold. He collapsed onto the soft rug, slipping away from consciousness. 

***

"So, professor, what's waiting for you back home?" Kate asked, making small talk as the three made their way further down the path. 

"Well...not a lot, actually. I teach Mythology at Stanford in California, but that's all the excitement I get on a daily basis," Simon replied, still staring down at the map. 

"No wife? Kids?" Kate asked, watching as Simon's shoulders tightened at the question.

"I was married for three years, actually. She left last year, a few weeks before Christmas."

"Shit, who leaves someone before Christmas?" Alexei asked, eyebrows raised at the thought.

"Yeah, you're telling me..." He looked up from the map to look back at Kate. "That's why I was so excited when PHIGMA approached me to embark on a trip to Venus. I thought maybe I was dreaming, still do. When I get back, I'll finally be able to say that I did something with my life. I mean, how many people have been able to tour the surface of Venus?" 

"If we get back, at this point," Alexei pointed out. Kate kicked him, just out of Simon's view. 

As the three continued on, they reached a thicket of brush, blocking the view of what lay ahead. Simon was so focused on the map that he failed to notice it, instead tripping into it and falling head first into the dense brush. 

"Professor!" Kate cried, rushing with Alexei to pry the overgrowth apart. When a branch snapped the two carefully stepped through it, finding themselves just on the edge of a large lake-sized body of water. It would have looked perfectly normal if not for the water-if it could be called water at all.

The liquid that filled the large hole was golden in color, and looked to be as thick as syrup. The light from the sun reflected across it, giving it an almost heavenly glow. It looked so incredibly inviting that Kate felt an unexplainable urge to cover herself in it, if only to just see what it felt like.

"Professor?!" Alexei called out, looking around. They were met with silence for a moment, before the gold-colored liquid parted with a loud splash to reveal Simon, swimming up to the surface and breathing for dear life. Once he caught his breath, he turned to look at the others. 

"W...what the fuck am I in right now?" He asked, his glasses askew across his shimmering face. 

"You tell us, aren't you the expert?" Kate replied with a coy smile. Simon, unamused, reached down for the map. He recoiled back when he found nothing there. 

"Uh guys...I think I just lost the map," he regretfully admitted, looking around in confusion.

"What? No, we need that to get out of here! You need to find it!" Kate cried as she felt all hope of going home drain from her like sand through an hourglass.

"It must be in here somewhere, but this stuff is nearly impossible to get through!" Simon cried, trying to push the golden liquid apart to search for the parchment. 

"Hang on, we'll come look with you!" Kate said, reaching up to pull off her shirt. Her decision to join Simon in the liquid was influenced far more by her desire to feel its texture than to actually help in any way.

"Uh, yeah, I'll pass. But feel free to enjoy your swim, Ms. Stiles," Alexei said, backing away from the lake. 

"It's all hands on deck now, Mr. Vasiliev. I don't know how many times I've told you to just call me Kate," she replied, tearing off her pants. 

"Just trying to be polite, is all," Alexei replied, looking away as she undressed.

"Yeah? Well you can make it up to me by getting in and searching," Kate said, before closing her nose with her fingers and jumping into the golden liquid. Alexei and Simon both watched as she surfaced a few seconds later, slowly shaking her flowing hair to let the liquid drip off of it. She then looked back up at Alexei and glared at him.

"Fine, fine, you don't have to ask me twice," Alexei grumbled, pulling off his jumpsuit and jumping in. He then surfaced and joined them, the three now staying afloat around each other. 

"Any idea where the map might have ended up, professor?" Kate asked. Simon took a moment to take in their surroundings.

"I haven't moved much from the spot where I fell in, but...wait, there it is!" He cried, pointing over at an area a few feet away from them. A small, rectangular shadow lay beneath the liquid, submerged and just out of reach. "Come on!"

The three slowly began to make their way to the object, grunting as they forced their bodies through the liquid.

"This shit feels like glorified jello!" Kate exclaimed, grunting as she pulled herself through a particularly rough patch.

"You never know, it could be," Alexei grinned, struggling along with her. It may look like it, but Kate knew deep down that it wasn't anything that came from Earth. It couldn't be. After only a minute or two spent in the liquid, all of her flesh that directly touched it had already begun to buzz with a pleasure that drove her senses wild. Her chest, legs, and even her face were aglow with pure pleasure, just enough to make her want to stay in while not causing her to lie back and scream with ecstasy. 

She looked ahead to see if any of the others were experiencing the same, as saw Simon twitch slightly as he forced his way through the waters. His face was beginning to flush red, and he looked as if he were ready to explode. Kate grinned to herself, amused at the thought of the timid and seemingly prude young professor being horny. 

"Are you close to it yet, Simon?" Alexei asked, also affected by the liquid. He annunciated the n in Simon's name for a bit longer than he intended to, his body ripe with pleasure. 

"It seems to be m...moving away from me the closer I get to it, like...a m...mirage..." Simon moaned, fighting his bodily urges. He was fully clothed, meaning he didn't feel the full effect of the liquid, but his face and hands felt every little bit they could. 

"I see that too...what the hell is this stuff?" Kate said, still fighting her way through the ooze. 

"Wait, what's that?" Alexei called out, looking straight ahead. Several figures emerged from the liquid up ahead, seemingly moving towards the three swimmers. As they drew closer, Kate could make out feminine curves and outstretched arms, beckoning for the crew members. She suddenly began to panic, realizing that there was no easy way for them to escape.
