 Mc, mf, md, gr, hu

Synopsis: Mythical beings try to raise money by selling wishing rocks.

Warnings: Let's keep it simple- if illegal or immoral for you to read adult stories, don't read this one. It can be reposted in any completely free archive as long as it is complete and includes my name.

*

Knock knock

Joe answered the door and saw a big blue rabbit.

Joe closed the door and went back towards bed. He KNEW better than to eat spicy food as a late night snack, especially when combined with some serious drinking.

Knock KNOCK!

He struggled back to the door and... the bunny was still there, looking a bit ticked.

"Hello?" Joe started. He noticed a unicorn knocking on the door across the street.

"Hi," The rabbit started, "My name is Floppy, and I am raising money for the Interdimensional Order of Quasi-Mythical Beings. We are selling these high-quality wishing rocks for only $10 each, or get a dozen for $100. How many can I put you down for?" He looked up from the script he had been reading and looked at Joe expectantly.

"Wishing rocks." Joe said, staring at the rabbit's big, loveable eyes.

"Hey, we could not very well be hauling wishing wells door to door now, could we? Now, THESE wishing rocks are the very best Category Three rocks we could find. Each one is guaranteed to fulfill one wish, up to a level 'Omega'—type wish. As you know, Level Omega is pretty good- not unlimited wealth or eternal life, but a lot better than winning fifty bucks at the local lottery!"

"Wishing rocks." Joe rearticulated.

Floppy heaved a big sigh. "Figures," he mumbled. "Four billion people and I start with Einstein here." He pulled out a bag of gravel and handed me a piece. "Hold this tight and make a wish. It is only a wishing pebble, so keep it small.

He held the rock and thought 'God, I really wished I was sober!' And... he was! It hurt like the dickens, and he had to piss like a racehorse, but he was stone cold sober. Yuck! Hey! It worked! Wow. Joe looked at his hand to see that the pebble had turned to gritty dust.

"Why are you selling these things..." He started.

Floppy interrupted. "...Door to door, I know, I know. Long story. Embezzlement, bad economy, yada, yada, yada. Look- you want any or not? This is a special 'one day only price'. As soon as the cash flow is better the price goes back up and you'll have to find us to get any more."

"Is there any sort of guarantee that they work?"

"Yeah. First of all, any stone that fails to perform will be replaced with two new ones at no cost to you. Next, if you are unhappy with the results of any wish, you can buy an 'Unwishing Rock ™' at a special rate and undo it. By the way- no wishing rock can undo another wishing rock. Union rules."

What the hell. Joe bought a gift pack of a dozen plain looking stones in a recycled egg carton, and got a cheaply printed business card with my customer service rep's name and number on it 'if you need anything else from us'. Floppy hopped over to the next house and Joe closed the door, took a shower, got dressed, and sat to stare at his rocks for a few minutes.

After three hours, he had not moved, still entranced by the possibilities here! He grabbed the first rock.

"I wish my body and face were changed to that of a twenty-five year-old athlete in perfect condition and absolutely healthy, about 6′ 2″, about 190 pounds. Well-toned muscles, great flexibility and aerobic capacity. The face should be sexy with blonde hair, and the penis should be about ten inches long and nice and thick with good-sized balls. Overall, I should be powerful, sexy, coordinated, admired by men and attractive to women."

Poof- it was so! The rock crumbled to dust as his body instantly changed. It was fantastic! His clothes no longer fit his much taller, much thinner, much better hung body. He looked in the mirror and was impressed with what he saw. Brad Pitt, George Clooney, and that sexy guy in the commercials all rolled into one, with the sculpted bod of an Olympic athlete. Joe tensed an arm and could literally hear his muscles ripple and pump up. He looked down and his new cock was lightly thumping his thigh near the knee. Life was good already and he had bought a dozen of the things!

He went upstairs to the apartment in the attic bedroom up there and stood by the up-to-now always-locked connecting door. A couple of girls lived there. As they had their own entrance, he almost never saw them. Normally, that was not a bad thing as they were neither friendly, attractive, nor interested... at least not to the old Joe. He knew they were both in, and at this hour probably either in bed or close to it.

"I wish Sally would transform into a Katie 'Jordan' Price look-a-like with real breasts and no tattoos. She will be in perfect health, have a sexy voice, and always look as good as she does in the photos I have on my computer. She will love sex in any form- addicted to it, and be madly in love with me. When she is changed, she will open the door and let me in." The rock crumbled to dust and I heard footsteps and noises on the other side of the door.

Sally/Jordan opened it. Her old nightgown fit the new body like a really tight glove, showing every mouthwatering curve. Joe saw her roommate, June, in the other room yelling at Sally to tell her what was going on!

Joe held the other rock and wished "I wish for June to change into the image of Carmen Electra I have on my computer. I wish for her to be perfectly healthy and also to love sex in any form- also addicted to it, and be madly in love with me." The rock crumbled and in a heartbeat, she was changed as well. Cool!

Three minutes later, Joe was in heaven! Two beautiful, adoring women were lovingly sharing his cock between them. Their technique was primitive, but they made up for it with care and eagerness. He came several times in response to their attentions and each time they lapped up his sperm enthusiastically.

Joe laid Jordan, or Sally, or whoever she was on her back and began to fuck the living daylights out of her and she yelled, writhed, and rode him to bliss as her roommate kissed her tits and licked his cock as it came out, and generally busied herself. After bestowing a mind-numbing orgasm on Jordan, he shifted to June/Carmen and proceeded to screw her silly as well.

By the time he was done with June, Sally was awake and drippingly horny. She attacked him with a fervor that left him speechless!

Three hours later, Joe was in hell. The two were fighting for each pathetic drop of cum they could entice from his increasingly raw and withered cock. He had just managed to get them back to his place where he was hoping another rock would be his salvation. He managed to snag one and wished for the stamina to keep up with the girls, and better control over them. The rock crumbled away faithfully, but the situation was unchanged. Damn! This obviously counted as trying to 'undo' a wish! He figured trying to change them in any way would also be a wasted wish.

It was really, REALLY hard to think with the two of them literally having a catfight over trying to get him aroused again when even their most loving touch burned like acid. Hey... that might work!

Joe grabbed another rock and said "I wish I had a bottle of a magic lotion that would instantly heal and rejuvenate whatever it was used on." Poof! He quickly squirted some on his hands and they suddenly felt wonderful! He spread it on my cock and felt nothing. The lotion had 'healed and rejuvenated' his hands. Wonderful. He tried to squirt some directly on his cock, but it got on June/Carmen's face- and her face quickly became that of an 20-year-old Carmen Electra.

Dang, she was cute at that age! Also, she suddenly had a lot more energy and reattacked Joe's cock with youthful gusto!

He pushed her off and tried to squirt himself again and it landed on Sally/Jordan's shaved pussy as she tried to maneuver herself to impale him as I fought off June. Sally's pussy grew in a fine blonde fuzz and seemed to get smaller, more delicate- and juicier! She moaned as her clit grew and was apparently awash in new sensations from her now younger cunt. She also appeared to want it to be filled more as well as she struggled to thrust herself on him.

Joe fled to the bathroom and locked the door behind himself. He heard them outside the door hitting it, begging him to let them in, promising him things that just a few hours ago would have had him creaming in his shorts, but now sent a cold thrill of fear down his neck. He reached for the magic bottle... and realized it was still out there. He also realized that they were giggling. The giggling was getting to be a bit higher and higher as it went on. They didn't... they wouldn't... He tentatively opened the door.

Two incredibly sexy teens were outside the door, buck naked, licking each other's cunny with gusto. Apparently, 'healed' somehow translated to 'beautify' as both girls were absolutely breathtaking. Tight, lithe bodies with perfect asses and huge breasts-June's must have been E's and Sally's were a bit bigger. The scene of a sexy blonde lapping at a gorgeous brunette reawakened what Joe had thought to be dead as he watched them squirm and moan oh-so-sexily. He put a hand to his cock without thinking as they reveled in their love-making.

Sally smiled at him and pulled him over by his hard-on to jam it inside June's sopping cunt. Joe fucked June's newly tightened pussy doggy style as Sally licked them both to a climax, then sucked off his spunk as he slowly withdrew. It was barely clear of June's cunt when Sally deep-throated him and earnestly began to try to drain his life force out through his cock. June pitched in by rubbing her fragrant pussy in his face and managing to contort herself to suck his balls and finger his ass. Dear god, he could not hold back and unloaded into Sally's throat after only a few minutes.

He desperately grabbed the magic lotion bottle and poured some on his cock. Ah, sweet relief! Both girls took it upon themselves to help rub it in nice and deep. The pain went away, and it became the cock of a horny teenager- but bigger than his had ever been. Cock and balls bigger... the thought floated through his fuzzy mind that maybe he did not have enough blood in his body to manage this... but he could not quite bring himself to worry too much, it just felt too wonderful!

He lay back as the blissful sensations enveloped him and he felt himself being fucked by Sally's pussy, then June's mouth, then Sally's tits and someone's ass, then... well, after a while, it got hard to keep track of what was where with who. He just came, and came, and came. Hell had become heaven again he thought as the angels came to steal even that thought away.

When he came to, he was starving but every time he tried to do anything about it, one of the two hot, sexy, young, and incredibly horny girls would interfere. Joe never thought he would ever desire simple food more than sex! Suddenly he had an idea. He broke away for the kitchen and grabbed some stuff from the fridge. June was right behind him, rubbing her big tits in his back, rubbing his never-flagging cock with one free hand, and whispering wetly in his ear about shoving his big cock back inside her.

He turned and presented her with a nice, thick carrot that she quickly squealed over and started to shove in her tight pussy. Sally dropped and began to lick the juices, then took the carrot in her teeth and fucked June with it. Her own hunger made her take a bite and the vibrations shook June to a quick climax. Joe jammed a peeled banana into Sally's cunt and June started to eat out the juicy mush, reveling in both the food and Sally's sweet taste. This was going to work, Joe thought proudly!

He began to empty the fridge and cupboards. Whipped cream licked off tight bellies, chocolate sauce licked off cocks and tits, peanut butter sucked off fingers, milk lapped out of belly buttons, grapes shoved into a pussy, then squeezed back out one by one into a partner's mouth.

Delicious! Joe was licking frosting off June's back as he was fucking her doggie style. June was poised over Sally in a high-calorie 69 involving jams and strawberries.

After Joe came, he staggered to the bathroom and gave himself a sponge bath as he sat wearily on the toilet. Ah, sweet rest and privacy. After several minutes, he noticed that it was very quiet outside the bathroom.

He opened the door and the place was different! The girls had found his stones and read the box label. One of them had wished for the place to be cleaned up, and it was so. This excited the two and they had already used another to create a room that was obviously designed for sex and pleasure- warm colors, soft lighting, plenty of cushions and furniture.

Sally/young Jordan was holding a stone in one hand and had just wished for bigger breasts and a sexier body when Joe was opening the door. He heard the last bit, saw the rock crumble, and watched in awe as her golden streaked hair grew silkier, fuller. Her abundant breasts bloomed into impossible man-stopping globes that looked like delectable watermelons. Her trim, youthful body became gloriously sleek with nicely padded, child-bearing hips. Her model-caliber face became sexier- thicker lashes and lips, deeper blue eyes, and a voice that intimately promised a very happy death in her loving arms. Dear god, Joe's hard-on developed a hard-on.

Joe was asking out loud why this was not a violation of the rules when June stomped her cute little foot (making her young Carmen Electra-like tits jiggle in a way that would be distracting if she were not standing next to June) and grabbed a rock. "I wish I was Joe's perfect sex goddess" she squealed as Joe tried to stop her. It was too late, the rock crumbled and June changed.

Joe loved her as Carmen Electra, but June was becoming something really special. Her hair turned a shimmering deep red as her skin became a lovely pale bronze. Her eyes became huge and emerald green as her lips thickened and became a man's dream of cock-sucking. Her body aged a bit, almost back to her original age of 25, but still a couple years younger than Joe. Her breasts became perfectly globular- big, mouthwatering, tits with perfect nipples and a buoyancy that seemed impossible. Her waist pinched tight around a smooth tummy and just above hips that flared into a perfect teardrop ass and incredibly long and powerful legs. Joe could feel his body want to rip in half so he could fuck both girls forever. Sally was perfect, but June was... his perfect sex goddess.

She smiled at him and he came in a huge arcing jet. She touched his cock with a long fingertip and he came again with a goofy expression on his face. She smirked and said 'Come for me again' and he did. He knew he was in trouble, but did not care as long as his goddess looked at him.

It was Sally's turn to pout. She grabbed a rock and wished that Joe and June both loved HER! And they suddenly did. June commanded Joe to please Sally and that was now Joe's greatest wish in life.

Hours later, Joe was back in the same boat- sore, tired, hungry, and yet still horny. He was experiencing a minute of unusual clarity of mind when he suddenly grabbed the phone and called the number on the card.

"Interdimensional Order of Quasi-Mythical Beings. This is the Tooth Fairy. How can I help you? Does it involve teeth?" She answered with a wistful tone in her voice.

"Uh, my name is Joe and I need an Unwishing Rock™. Maybe two." Joe described the situation to the pixie briefly.

"Certainly. It sounds like two should take care of it. Let's see... (Joe heard an old fashioned adding machine in the background clackiting away). (mumble) 2 rocks, delivery charges, rush order... (mumble, clackity clack) bad wishing tax, magical clean-up surcharges, (clackity clack) Ah, here we are." She finally said brightly. "Two premium Unwishing Rocks ™, rush delivered to your home will come to $6,783.65. Will that be cash, check, or credit card? We take Visa, MasterCard, and Wizard's Express."

"Six th... th... th..."

"Yes sir. Six thousand seven hundred eighty three dollars and sixty five cents. Shall we put this on your Discover card? Umm, sorry about that- maxed out, eh? Well, you still have plenty left on your Visa. If you'll just tell me your security code on the back..."

"Six th... th..." Joe continued. A loud and insistent knock on the door jarred his mental track. "Sure, it is 569. Hurry!" He shouted.

A minute later, a pink swirl developed in the air near the ceiling of the bathroom and two largish rocks fell, one hit Joe in the head, the other badly chipped the sink.

He took one rock and held it with his eyes tightly closed. "I wish Sally would go back to looking like a nineteen year-old Katie (Jordan) Price, but with DD sized breasts that did not need support. She enjoys sex and is one of my girlfriends." [He felt a poof as the rock crumbled in his hand.]

He grabbed the other rock and wished "I wish June would be my girlfriend, loyal and faithful to me, but not dominant over me in any way. She will also enjoy sex but not to the exclusion of other things in life." [Another poof and another handful of dust].

With great trepidation, he left the bathroom to see a red-headed goddess staring daggers at a beautiful teenager staring right back at her. When Joe opened the door they both began at him- "Who is this hussy? Are you cheating on me? What is SHE doing here, naked at that?" He closed the door again weakly, dulling the sound of the developing cat fight. "I don't think I can afford another rock" he thought as he sank back down to the toilet seat.

Meanwhile, old lady Blithers was closing her door, shaking her head at her own foolishness. A yeti selling rocks, and she bought six of the things. Foolishness. Utter foolishness! The silly trick with the pebble is what did it for her. Every time she was about to throw the rocks out, she just looked at her new fine silk robe again and thought that maybe, just maybe magic was real.

She had hobbled to her living room while holding one of the rocks in her hand. She was momentarily distracted by the TV showing a teen singing sensation who seemed to not own a single piece of decent clothing anymore. Immodest harlot, Mrs. Blithers thought to herself. Exposing herself like that on camera.

Although, Mrs. Blithers thought, she is very fit and has a lovely body. A little small upstairs, though, aren't we honey, she thought as she sighed to herself. "Who am I fooling?" She mumbled to herself. "Jealous. That's what I am- jealous. Deary me, I wish I were as young and beautiful as she is, with maybe some bigger boobs." She added, giggling cheekily to herself. Something in her hand moved. She looked, amazed as the rock she had been holding crumbled to dust and her arm changed.

As she watched, her arm grew younger- wrinkles shrinking as her skin tightened up and became gloriously tanned. Her arm grew longer, stronger, and lots, lots younger! The changes proceeded rapidly over her body- up the arm, down her torso, then to her legs and head. She felt herself being pulled, filled, shrunk, heated, chilled and reinvigorated all at once. She stumbled to find a mirror, her clothes fitting worse and worse by the second. She felt hair stirring and falling down her back as her baggy underwear began to slide down her new long legs. Newly delicate and nimble fingers rapidly were undoing fastenings as she stripped off her newly silk robe and house dress. Her dress was so tight across her chest, and her bra dug in so bad!

As she stood in front of the mirror, she popped off the bra and stood beautifully nude before her own reflection- the reflection of a young, blonde, stacked girl with a perfectly trimmed tummy and incredible ass. "Golly," she said to herself with a musical voice, "I'd love to fuck my adorable self!" She winced a bit at the language and unfamiliar thoughts- sex was dirty... if you did it right, she answered herself! Sex was wrong... and a lot of fun! No! It was disgusting... that she had gone this long without sucking a cock or a cunt. Wow, she thought, dimpling, I have to get caught up! I'm almost 19 and have not been screwed silly all day! Grandma Blithers won't be home for a while- maybe I can find someone yummy real quick!
