 The bulk of the actual fable is taken directly from the Grimm brother's story.

In olden times when wishing still helped one, there lived a king whose daughters were all beautiful, but the youngest was so beautiful that the sun itself, which has seen so much, was astonished whenever it shone in her face. 

Close by the king's castle lay a great dark forest, and under an old lime-tree in the forest was a well, and when the day was very warm, the king's youngest went out into the forest and sat down by the side of the cool fountain, and when she was bored she took a golden ball, and threw it up on high and caught it, and this ball was her favorite plaything. Why did the king's daughter care so much for this ball? The reason is that while she was wealthy beyond imagining, she had no true friends. Her family loved her deeply, and she them, but she had no companions. 

She'd had a companion as a child, a little princeling from the neighboring kingdom. He had given her the ball one year as a gift. When their parents had seen their affection for each other a betrothal had been proposed and accepted. Such love did the children have for each other that they made a secret pact to always love each other. They closed the pact by combining their blood, drawn from small crescents they each fearfully cut in the others thumb. They had been giggling the entire time, marveling at the matching scars when they healed. She and her companion played together every summer for 9 years, and then one day he disappeared. The witch of the woods had been suspected, but as is the way of such things, nothing was ever resolved. Her little friend was given up for lost. And something within the princess ached for her young friend. 

Now it so happened that on one occasion the princess's golden ball did not fall into the hand which she was holding up for it, but on to the ground beyond, and rolled straight into the water. The king's daughter followed it with her eyes, but it vanished, and the well was deep, so deep that the bottom could not be seen. At this she began to cry, and cried louder and louder, and could not be comforted. 

And as she thus lamented someone said to her, "What ails you, king's daughter? You weep so that even a stone would show pity." 

She looked round to the side from whence the voice came, and saw a frog stretching forth its big, ugly head from the water. 

"Ah, oldwater-splasher, is it you," she said, "I am weeping for my golden ball, which has fallen into the well." 

"Be quiet, and do not weep," answered the frog, "I can help you, but what will you give me if I bring your plaything up again?" 

"Whatever you will have, dear frog," said she, "My clothes, my pearls and jewels, and even the golden crown which I am wearing." 

The frog answered, "I do not care for your clothes, your pearls and jewels, nor for your golden crown, but if you will love me and let me be your companion and play-fellow, and sit by you at your little table, and eat off your little golden plate, and drink out of your little cup, and sleep in your little bed - if you will promise me this I will go down below, and bring you your golden ball up again." 

"Oh yes," said she, "I promise you all you wish, if you will but bring me my ball back again." But she thought, "How the silly frog does talk. All he does is to sit in the water with the other frogs, and croak. He can be no companion to any human being." 


But the frog when he had received this promise, put his head into the water and sank down; and in a short while came swimming up again with the ball in his mouth, and threw it on the grass. 

The king's daughter was delighted to see her pretty plaything once more, and picked it up, and ran away with it. "Wait, wait," said the frog. "Take me with you. I can't run as you can." But what did it avail him to scream his croak, croak, after her, as loudly as he could. She did not listen to it, but ran home and soon forgot the poor frog, who was forced to go back into his well again. 

The next day when she had seated herself at table with the king and all the courtiers, and was eating from her little golden plate, something came creeping splish splash, splish splash, up the marble staircase, and when it had got to the top, it knocked at the door and cried, "Princess, youngest princess, open the door for me." 

She ran to see who was outside, but when she opened the door, there sat the frog in front of it. Then she slammed the door to, in great haste, sat down to dinner again, and was quite frightened. 

The king saw plainly that her heart was beating violently, and said, "My child, what are you so afraid of? Is there perchance a giant outside who wants to carry you away?" 

"Ah, no," replied she. "It is no giant but a disgusting frog. Yesterday as I was in the forest sitting by the well, playing, my golden ball fell into the water. And because I cried so, the frog brought it out again for me, and because he so insisted, I promised him he should be my companion, but I never thought he would be able to come out of his water. And now he is outside there, and wants to come in to me." 

In the meantime it knocked a second time, and cried, "Princess, youngest princess, open the door for me, do you not know what you said to me yesterday by the cool waters of the well. Princess, youngest princess, open the door for me." 

Then said the king, "That which you have promised must you perform. Go and let him in." 

She went and opened the door, and the frog hopped in and followed her, step by step, to her chair. There he sat and cried, "Lift me up beside you." 

She delayed, until at last the king commanded her to do it. Once the frog was on the chair he wanted to be on the table, and when he was on the table he said, "Now, push your little golden plate nearer to me that we may eat together." 

She did this, but it was easy to see that she did not do it willingly. The frog enjoyed what he ate, but almost every mouthful she took choked her. For she was afraid of this frog, small though he was. A frog that not only spoke, but demanded. A frog who had the permission of her father to be her companion?

At length he said, "I have eaten and am satisfied, now I am tired, carry me into your little room and make your little silken bed ready, and we will both lie down and go to sleep." 

The king's daughter began to cry, for she was afraid of the cold frog which she did not like to touch, and which was now to sleep in her pretty, clean bed. 

But the king grew angry and said, "He who helped you when you were in trouble ought not afterwards to be despised by you." 

So she took hold of the frog with two fingers, carried him upstairs, and put him in a corner. The princess took off her beautiful gown, laying it across the chair. She crawled between her silken sheets and curled up in a ball. Crying silently so that the frog wouldn't hear. What was she to do? The frog crept up to her and said, "I am tired, I want to sleep as well as you, lift me up or I will tell your father." 

At this she was terribly angry, and took him up and threw him with all her might against the wall. "Now, will you be quiet, odious frog," said she. 

As the frog hit the wall his little body seemed to split and change, a flash of light blinded the princess for a moment. When she looked back up she saw that a young man lay there, slumped brokenly against the wall. She started to scream but covered her mouth. What had happened? What had she done? What magic was this?

She launched herself from her bed, dragging the sheets with her as she tumbled to the cold floor. She crawled quickly to the still figure. She looked at him. He was breathing, thank the gods. What had she done? She crept closer to inspect the man, trying not to notice that he was naked, as was she come to think of it. She reached out her hand and caught his wrist, seeing if the thread of life was steady. It was, as she held his hand she marveled at the strength of it. Long fingers, the back sprinkled lightly with fine blond hairs. She ran her fingers over his, she traced his hand with hers, noting the great size difference. Her thumb ran over his and she paused. No. No. It can't be. She grabbed at his hand, bringing the pad of his thumb up into the dim light. No. He was dead. No not dead, just never found. She drew closer to him. And inspected his face as analytically as she could. Same nose, the same full lower lip, the same slant of the brows. The hair was slightly darker than it had been as a child, but then so was hers. 

My god it was her prince, her beloved companion. And she had smashed his body into a stone wall! Panicked, tears streaming down her face, she grabbed his shoulders and shook him. "Wake up, wake up please, oh please be okay, I've missed you so long, please wake up!" Straddling his hips she leaned her head on his chest and listened to his heart. It was steady, as was his breathing. Why wouldn't he wake up? What had she done? She cried and cried, tears streaming across his chest. Finally, exhausted, she fell asleep on his chest, lulled to sleep by his warmth and heartbeat. 

She woke a few hours later to the moon streaming fully in her window bathing her in silver light. The arms around her stroked up her back soothingly as she snuggled back against the chest she was laying on. Chest she was laying on? "Aaaah!" She raised up and looked. Yes, she was laying on a chest, which was connected to a head, arms, and…. Other parts which she was straddling! Her muddled mind chose that point to remind her of who she was straddling, Her Prince!

"What, what?" she said sleepily. 

His twinkling eyes looked down at her, "Yes my dear, it's really me. I was taken from you long ago, but the spell is broken and can never take me again" He was also highly interested in what she was straddling, but figured that could wait. 

"I loved you for so long, it tore a hole in me every day that you were gone. They all said we were just children, that I would get over you someday and find a real love. They didn't understand what you were to me."

"I was afraid you would forget me" he whispered. 

"Never my love, you are my soul" she breathed back. "Love me?"

He raised up, pulling her face to his. As their lips touched she swore that she heard angels singing. She squirmed on his lap causing him to groan against her lips. In retaliation he nipped at her lower lip, bringing its fullness into his mouth he suckled lightly. She pulled him in closer, threading her fingers through his hair, down his back, over his muscular arms. The heat of his body amazed her. It was as though a fire raged beneath his skin, in the coils of muscles that roped his beautiful body. She dipped her tongue into his mouth, sipping slightly, exploring. He explored in kind, their tongues dueling and caressing. 

His fingers traced her body. Flitting from neck to thigh, arm to belly. He ran his palms over her plump breasts, tugging lightly on her rosey nipples. She gasped as a pulse of heat ran from her breasts to her core. She could feel his manhood pulsing against her stomach. She reached one hand down past his tugging fingers and brushed over his velvety cock. It was amazing. She could feel herself dampening as a low throb pulsed deep within her. She traced fingers over his shaft as her tongue traced his lips. He shuddered. His own hand found its way down between their close bodies. He smiled when he felt her slick flesh. He had dreamed of this throughout his years of enchantment. 

She had just discovered the rhythm of moving her hand up and down his cock as he began to lick down her throat. Her breath caught in her throat as he sucked on the base of her throat while at the same time grazing one finger over her pearl. Her free hand raked up his back as her pelvis slammed forward. She mewled in pleasure as he rubbed and cajoled, sucking and caressing. She felt the tip of his cock moisten slightly, matching her own liquid delight in their pleasuring. She wanted more. She had dreamed of him coming back to her every night for years. She would have it all. 

Raising up on her knees she looked into his eyes, pleading into their crystalline depths. "Please" she whispered, resting her forehead against his. "I love you" he said as he captured her mouth again with his own, driving his tongue deep into her mouth. At the same time he lifted her over his cock His head came back and he groaned as he slowly lowered his princess. When he came to her virgin barrier she lowered her head against his neck and squeezed his shoulder. 

He bucked up against her, piercing her maidenhead and drawing her down his cock. She bit into his shoulder and screamed into it. He paused, allowing her to get used to him. When she squeezed his shoulder he began to move further into her. Pushing into her wet tightness. He couldn't believe how wet she was. Up and down he moved, slowly thrusting in and out of his beloved. Soon she felt the pulsing begin again, harder now. She rocked her hips back and forth on him. Clenching deep inside when she saw that it made him moan. He was so deep inside her. They rocked back and forth, thrusting and pulling. Faster and faster. She would raise up his length then plunge back down, driving his velvet steel deep into herself. She began to pant and moan, urging him on as sparks began to fly through her body. He grasped her bottom, guiding her up and down, again and again. Her breast were pressed tight against his hard chest, her fingers dragging down his back. Suddenly she couldn't think, couldn't move, her breath caught in her throat and then she screamed. Her body shattered into blinding heat as her climax broke over her. As her muscles clenched him like a thousand hot fists he couldn't take anymore. He rammed into her once, twice, and then came in a blaze of pleasure. As he shot his life into her she came again, shuddering and moaning against him. They collapsed onto the floor. 

She awoke once again laying on his chest, this time however it was covered in drying sweat. Grinning slyly she clenched her muscles around his soft cock. That woke him up. Raising his head he looked dazedly at her. 

"So, do you think we should go say hi to your parents?" He said grinning. 

She purred and said "Later darling, later. I've just found you again, surely I can have a few hours more with my frog prince." 

She then crawled up his body and kissed him deeply. "In the bed this time?"

He laughed and dragged her toward the silk bedding.