 Author's Note: So, if you're not familiar with Vlogging on YouTube, this may not be as enjoyable. Besides that, warning: This contains Futanari, Unreal Sizes, Growth of the Extreme Kind, and Severe Cum Inflation. This Chapter was Written by Unskilled on Futanari Palace.

*****

Heavy panting filled the air, a mixture of excitement and anticipation although there was some disappointment to. The cause of this came from the fact that once Valeria underwent her expansion she immediately went to work setting up additional cameras in the room. Whether it was some unknown condition she had or just intense desire, she didn't know but that wasn't going to make her miss out on possibly one of her most amazing videos ever.

Once the set up was complete Valeria hopped off the bed, her massive cock and balls bouncing as a string of precum splattered onto the floor. She turned to see her lover, as everyone else around the world would see her as well once the video would go up, a camera aimed in front of Anna, another view in her side, one next to Valeria to show her firm bottom, and the last attached to the ceiling with a small rig that looked down on the girl in a bird's eye view.

"Sorry for the delay everyone, but I just wanted to make sure I truly capture this moment. In case there isn't another like it ever again." Valeria finally spoke, perking up Anna as she got back into her proper position, hips swaying back and forth as she beckoned her lover, her womanhood dripping with burning list that hadn't withered in the wait but in fact grew hotter.

"Ok, enough teasing me already. I've been a patient girl, so give me everything you got babe." Anna called back as she smiled at Valeria and gave her a wink before the well-endowed herm obliged her, stepping forward as her hot thick shaft rubbed between the girl's soft butt cheeks, which enticed a moan out of both of them. Pulling back the length, the tug would make her cock release a small water bottle sized load of thick precum between Anna's ass cleavage.

"Alright Anna, time to fuck like rabbits " She stated with excitement as she thrust her hips forward slightly, the melon sized cockhead pressing against Anna's folds as slowly they spread apart to grant access to the very welcomed guest. A high pitched moan escaped Anna as her body shivered, the camera in front of her capturing her slight bottom lip bite as the look of heaven crossed her face, and her hands clenching the sheets to make sure Valeria could stuff her as deeply as she could.

The moan only escalated as more and more of the massive head began to sink into Anna, causing a bulge to appear through her skin though this was expected and welcomed as one of her hands moved down to rub the head through her skin. "God Valeria... I don't know why you grew but I have to say... mmm... I love it... keep going..."

This gave Valeria all the encouragement she needed as she reached forward and planted her hands on the tops of Anna's legs, right at the curve where the hips and thighs met and pushed harder into Anna. It was Valeria's turn to moan now as the side camera witnessed the travel of Valeria's girthy shaft as it reached deeper into Anna's body and disappeared in the round belly of the night before.

12 inches had already entered Anna and her face of pure ecstasy showed that while the new girth was a little painful it was nothing compared to the pleasure it brought with it. Drool flowed down her chin slightly as Anna once again gripped the bed and in a surprise move began to thrust backward to envelop more of the beast inside of her. 

"Mh! Oh you naughty girl." Valeria said with a giggle as Anna giggled herself and blew her a kiss before releasing a loud moan as with one of her thrusts back, Valeria gave one forward. More and more of the Herm's cock disappeared within Anna as Valeria panted hard, light sweat sliding down her skin as she gave Anna's ass a gentle slap, making the girl flinch and gasp in pleasure.

As Valeria warmed up Anna's body from within, Anna could feel the heat reaching further and further inside of body as her inner walls hugs the sides of the 20 inches of cock, roaming over the finger thick veins and memorizing its shape and feel. Though something else caught her attention as she looked at her breasts and her eyes began widen as the camera would see the breasts spread apart while a melon sized bulge filled the gap between them as Anna realized that with Valeria's new length she could reach her breasts through her womb and actually titfuck Anna.

The revelation made Anna's body begin to shudder as she was overtaken by an orgasm, her folds growing wetter while her muscles squeezed Valeria tighter. She gasped and moaned loudly as she was hit with a second stronger orgasm immediately as Valeria's hips smacked against her ass. She did it, somehow this small girl took three feet of burning passion into her and this made her go crazy.

"Mmmmmh... Valeria... oh god! You're so fucking big! I can't believe it's all inside me!" She claimed in disbelief and excitement as Valeria leaned over her body. "I can't believe it either, this feels absolutely incredible. I can feel every inch of you as if you're my own personal condom. You're so tight, but I don't want to stop. Come on, no more foreplay!" She said with high excitement as Anna nodded and braced herself.

Her heavy G cup breasts against Anna's back, she hugged her lover and began to thrust her hips with high passion. A loud slapping could be heard as her lap met Anna's ass repeatedly, bouncing the girl forward who only used the momentum to thrust back just as hard. The camera behind them would capture Valeria's basketball sized balls slapping against Anna's thighs as they almost covered her calves with their size.

The bed groaned and creaked as it rocked back and forth from the display of list, sweat causing their bodies to glisten and slide together. Anna would arch her head back and turn, kissing one of Valeria's huge breasts as the taller girl lay on top of her, her breasts surrounding Anna's head as she thrust harder and harder. Passionate grunts escaped Valeria as her hands reached down and grabbed Anna's, holding them tight.

"Come on Valeria! You said you wanted me to give me your babies, well my body wants them! Give me everything you have, I want every last drop! I want every single kid you can provide! I want you! Please! Give me the kid you and I are craving for!" Anna shouted in her list filled hazed, her fetish and desires for pregnancy fitting with Valeria's desires to breed with her.

"Alright then! You want everything I can give!? Fine! I'll give you everything you want and more!" Valeria replied back as she tensed up, arched her back and moaned heavily. Experiencing a dual orgasm, Anna's body gripped Valeria's cock firmly and milked her as she screamed in passion, while Valeria's pussy erupted in sexual juices as her balls clenched and her cock began to bulge. It traveled down her three foot length, every couple of inches making Anna orgasm again and again until it finally reached the tip.

A sudden eruption soon followed by a river as cum flew into Anna as a constant stream. Both girls screamed passionately as Valeria hugged Anna close, the girl's belly swelling and pressing down on the bed as its growth continued unhindered. More and more baby batter filled Anna as the sky cam recorded the event, showing the belly grow out in all directions under them, covering more and more of the bed by the second as the belly was already as big as the night before but wasn't stopping.

Anna's hungry womb gulped down every drop of the hot cum that it could as the bed started creaking louder while the groans of the wood frame echoed through the room and the recording audio. Soon cracks were heard as the wood began to give out, though by now the two were a few feet in the air atop Anna's belly as it sides were actually starting to over flow the bed.

That was... until the bed finally gave up the ghost. Unlike Anna, the bed could not handle Valeria's incredible production as it broke under their weight. Collapsing, the frame of the bed fell to pieces, one piece knocking over one of the cameras though the others were safe. The two moaned at the drop and sudden stop, though the belly protected them from the fall. This marked the end of Valeria's immense orgasm though as her cock finally stopped and softened, satisfied with it's a work as the two rested on what could be classified as a king sized bed.

Barely retaining consciousness, the two girls cupped each other's hands and lay panting against one another. A rare moment given what just occurred; the two snuggled close and shared a loving kiss before finally falling to exhaustion, sleeping together.

--

The stream of the shower ran over Anna's body as she cleaned herself off, her massive human sized belly the only thing remaining from the events. She smiled and moaned as soft lips pressed against her neck and kissed her all the way to her lips. Valeria stood close to Anna, their bodies pressed together as they needed all the room they could get, Anna's belly covering more than half the shower stall.

Back in the bedroom, besides the massive puddle of cum, was Valeria's laptop, processing the edited video for all the sites it was being uploaded to. It was extremely hot, probably the best Valeria had ever done in her opinion, so good that she almost popped wood again just rewatching it. Even so, now the two shared a moment of peaceful afterglow as they washed up.

"That was incredible Valeria." Anna finally spoke, rubbing her massive belly as her lover did the same. "I know... I still can't believe it happened. And I have to say, if that didn't get you pregnant then nothing will." They both giggled but that was a rather truthful statement, and as they rubbed the belly Anna thought for a moment and turned her head to look at Valeria. "Valeria... I know I don't say it often but I love you. And for what it's worth, I'm very happy about starting a family with you."

The herm blushed a little but smiled as the two shared a love filled kiss, a certain warmth and hardness creeping up Anna's back. "Geez, you're just insatiable aren't you?" Anna said with a giggle which Valeria returned... until... "Uh... Anna..." Anna turned slightly to face Valeria better but suddenly blushed deeply and gasped as she was face to face with a head sized cock head, Valeria needing to back up to fit the new growth in the shower.

Surprised by the new size, somewhere around 50 inches now, Anna was speechless but then smiled. "L-Like I said Valeria. I love you, no matter how much you grow. I know my body can take it, because we're meant for one another." She caressed the cock head lovingly and gave it a soft kiss, which made Valeria shudder as her beach ball sized balls fired out a shot of precum that completely coated Anna's head. "Great... now I have to wash my hair all over again..." Anna said, before both girls laughed happily and shared another wet kiss together.