 Written by: MJDom

Editing & Creative Input by: Favored

Foreword: 

This story is the adventure of Carl, a young Alaskan, who has a run in with an ancient spirit. This spirit had been roaming the earth since its conception and had since become bored. She has decided to start entertaining herself by toying with mortals. In doing so, over the eons, she has created several myths and legends surrounding herself, the world over. In the time of this story she was working on a new project, that lead into a whole new one causing an adventure to unfold for her and the young man named Carl. 

*****

Part One - Not So Lonely Nights

It was a cold winter night; the Alaskan sky was lit up with stars from horizon to horizon. A small cottage standing alone amongst thousands of acres of wilderness glowed with light and the promise of warmth. Inside the cottage a young man, probably in his late teens, was busy throwing fuel on a fire that crackled in the middle of the room. He was alone and his body was filled with fear resonating to his very core.

He had gotten lost while he was out with a hunting party from the town he grew up in. In the corner of the room was his hunting rifle; attached to the top was an old scope. The stock was worn and it had tape around it to keep a split from spreading. The boy's clothes were also old and worn as they were the hand-me-downs from a previous generation. His outfit was made up of leather, harvested from the Alaskan wild and plain white cotton.

The young man grabbed another old book from the book shelf behind him and through it into the fire. There was a dreadful weight on his shoulders and a sorrow gathering in the pit of his stomach as he stood with his hands over the fire. 

In the distance he could hear a pack of wolves howling at the full moon. He looked over to the rifle in the corner of the room then let out a sigh - with the cold creeping in the wolves were the least of his problems.

He had heard stories of a strange woman dressed in black attacking groups of travellers then pulling one off into the darkness. For now he was more scarred of the wolf pack that seemed to be close by.

"Come on Carl... you have to be strong now. You aren't a boy anymore!" he announced his thoughts out loud in a manner that only someone who thought they were truly alone could. 

Off in the distance, well out of his sight were the prying eyes of a stranger. They were the eyes of a woman. She smiled with evil anticipation showing a row of teeth that were crowned by fangs a wolf would be proud to bear. 

She paused, watching the young man as he walked to his rifle and picked it up. He peeked out the window with the rifle in hand forcing her to step in behind a tree to remain undetected.

Once he had returned to tending his fire and ruining her cottage floor she paused, thinking of a new approach. One that was out of the ordinary. Recently she had tricked locals into her murderous traps too easily - it was time for a challenge. She thought for a while on how to approach the situation and once she had made up her mind she reacted as though she felt a surge of pain rushing through her body. She collapsed to her knees holding her ribs with both arms. The snow around her began melting as her appearance started to change. The black dress she wore started to disintegrate and with a fresh breeze the shreds danced away on the wind. 

Once her transformation was complete she was lying naked in a pool of steaming water. 

She stood up and used the pool as a mirror. She observed that she had tiny lacerations and scars littering her body with dull blue bruises intermixed. She looked thinner, she thought, though her breasts and buttocks remained ample. She had a perfect hourglass figure now. Her hair was the pitch black she admired so and her eyes were a now a warm hazel.

She looked for flaws in her transformation but noticed none, much to her satisfaction. She closed her eyes for a second or two gathering her thoughts.

"Ah, yes!" she walked over to a dead shrub and pulled some of the twigs free. She then proceeded to rub these into her hair so that she looked even more bedraggled and set off confidently in the direction of the cottage. Once she had reached the tiny porch, she summoned a breeze carrying tiny pieces of cloth that stitched itself around her stellar frame. She watched as cargo pants formed around her that were torn on one leg, from the knee down. The other leg was ripped even shorter exposing most of her thigh. Her shirt was also well torn, with the rips and holes marring most of the material. Then, as an after-thought, the remaining material formed a threadbare raincoat. 

Once she was satisfied she allowed the wind and the snow to affect her flesh almost instantly, turning her blue and causing her teeth to chatter. She then crept up to the door ready for her game to begin. She deliberately took a hard step forward, sending a loud thud into the cottage, and waited for a response. 

She could hear the young mortal scrabbling backwards into a corner, and the distinct sounds of a round being chambered in a rifle. She took a few more steps forward and then slowly opened the door. Carl pulled the trigger on his rifle and sent a bullet into the doorframe above her.

She fell to the floor holding her hands over her head screaming and crying while Carl

pulled back the bolt of his rifle out of reflex. It took him a second of staring dumbfounded to see what, or rather, who was lying in the doorway. He dropped his gun on the floor and crawled towards her. 

"Please! Please, please don't hurt me!" she was holding both her hands above her to block a potential attack. 

"I... I'm so sorry!" he was as shocked as he was sincere. He took a few steps back and lowered himself onto his knees while holding his hands out to her motioning that he wasn't going to hurt her. Her hair was in chaos, hanging like curtains over her face. She peaked through them and he could see the torment in her eyes. They both fell silent. He looked into her hazel eyes and felt himself falling into a trance. It was only a moment before he snapped out of it.

"Are you alright?" he crawled a bit closer as slowly as he could. She shied away from him so he closed the distance even more. She turned her head away from him this time smiling as he placed a hand on her shoulder. 

"Look, I'm lost and scared and I really don't want to hurt you... please just tell me if you're okay so that I can help you if I can," for the first time in what seemed to be an eternity she felt something more than hatred towards a mortal. It was strange; usually men would fall for her eyes. It was her magic that exposed the weakness in men. She didn't find it here but she was adamant that if she tried he would reveal his inferior and unruly human nature to her.

Her smile faded and she looked back at him with the eyes of innocence itself. Then, without warning, she threw her arms around him, pulling him down into a hug. She was crying and Carl found himself 

bewildered. He didn't know how to react so he just moved his body closer and put his arms around her to try and comfort her.

"You'll be okay now..." his words were muffled by her hair. 

He was surprised, despite the way she looked and the state of her clothes she had a sweet scent radiating from her skin and hair. He realised that she still wasn't speaking and that worried him. He ended the hug and pulled her to her feet. Once they were both standing he placed a hand on her shoulder and then took a step back so he could look at her from head to toe, making sure there weren't any wounds. 

She smiled with false sincerity and said "I'm okay". Her voice had a husky nuance and to Carl she looked like she was in her early twenties. She had fine features with a fine nose that curved upwards ever so slightly. This wasn't the only curve he noticed as his eyes wondered down the length of her body. 

The bridge of material between her breasts was visibly strained and even at a quick glance he noticed that they weren't being held up by a bra. From here her body curved inwards, showing off a well-toned stomach where the material had torn.

"Uhm... okay... t-that's good" he swallowed noticeably intimidated now that he had seen more of her. He walked away from her motioning to a spot opposite where he was going to sit by the fire. She walked over slowly then before sitting asked "Is there something I can hang this coat on to dry? It's soaking wet?"

She trusted him to find something as she undid the zip. She pretended to struggle so that he could come to her rescue, and he did. He moved in behind her and helped her free of the coat. After which he went over to the window, cracking it open ever so slightly and then pinning the top of the coat on the corner of the window frame before shutting it again, pinning the coat between the window and the frame. 

When he looked back to the fire he saw her clothes in tatters revealing the curve of her ass through the gaps. Something inside him started to stir, like a great beast waking from a winter of sleep. He tried to push past his awkward ways to make her feel more comfortable while controlling the thoughts, which threatened to run rampant, in the back of his mind.

"So, I'm Carl, what's your name?" He started.

"Danielle..." She had hesitated before answering but he didn't seem to notice.

"How'd you end up out here in the wilderness? By the state of your clothes I'd say you've been out here a while..." he casually poked the fire with a twig. 

"I... I'm not sure. I've been walking around for days... maybe weeks? I can't remember anything really..." she looked confused for a second before continuing.

"All I know is that I was woken up in the woods by pain coming from everywhere and then I started walking... until I got scared and started running... I'm not even sure how I got here..." 

"Wow... that's harsh... at least I know how I got here..." then it went awkwardly silent.

"Well who knows? Maybe you're an angel that's fallen from heaven to keep me company until we can get out of here!" he laughed at his own joke and saw that she was also blissfully amused.

"Oh come on, I bet you've heard that one before?" he said still laughing.

"Actually no, no I haven't... but it was sweet... thank you!" she was smiling with true sincerity this time. 

"Yea - what am I thinking? You can't remember right?" he slammed his palm into his forehead, a habit he had when saying silly things. 

"Right," the tone of voice was the tone that someone would use when answering a question and trying to read at the same time.

"We'd better get some sleep... and then we can travel in the morning to see if we can get you into town, find out who you are, maybe even have the doc take a look at you..." he looked around for a place he could sleep and crawled over into the same corner he'd hid in when he heard her outside. He had a back pack with him and decided that he'd use it as a pillow, and then he rolled into a small ball to conserve his body heat and tried to sleep keeping an ear open in case she had any comments or questions.

"Can I put the fire out, I don't want to wake up surrounded by fire?" he looked over to her and saw that she was kneeling holding her hands over the fire.

"Well it'll get quite cold then... and it's not like we have any blankets to cover ourselves with..." he 

noticed that she was shivering from the cold. He looked up at her coat and then at her clothes again. 

"Your shirt and pants... are they also wet?" he asked despite having already observed that they were. She nodded in silence.

"Okay, I'll tell you what..." he stood starting to unbutton his shirt.

"You hang those up to dry and put these on, and then we'll just have to lie together so you can keep me warm, ok?" by the time he finished his sentence he had stepped out of his trousers too, she nodded as a response.

"It'll be awkward as hell but you're getting the good side of this deal, so we'll have to make due," he wanted to laugh at his own joke again but his teeth started rattling.

"O-okay, thank you so much..." she looked surprised. She quickly spread the shirt and trousers he 

handed her out around the fire then asked him to look away. She stood close to the fire as she slowly undid her blouse revealing that below that tatter piece of cloth she was completely naked. Soon her pants were also discarded and kicked aside. 

Danielle felt a shadow of seduction fall over her. She picked up the shirt from the floor and hung it over her shoulders without donning it properly. She then walked over to him pressing her bare chest against his bare back. He wanted to turn too look but her arms slid around his body from below his armpits. 

"Shhhh" she hushed him with an index finger pressed softly against his lips. She let her weight guide Carl down until they eventually were lying together in the corner of the room. She pulled the shirt over them and then she snuggled in close to him making sure as much of her body was in contact with his as possible. She could hear his breaths were short and untimely. Her palm fell flat on his chest and she could feel his heart was racing. She smiled and started sliding her other hand down his chest until eventually she reached into his boxers. She felt exactly what she had expected - she slowly withdrew her hand and then used both hands to lower his boxer to knee height. 

She then snaked a hand through the gap between his midriff and the wooden floor. She gripped his manhood and slowly started stroking it.

"Perhaps you are a boy after all..." she said picking up speed, her words had triggered something in him though. Something he didn't quite understand. He felt a pulse of lust going through his body and a tinge of anger making his moves a bit more rugged. He stopped her and, after freeing his cock from her hand, he spun around. 

He slid an arm in between her legs and he could feel her closing them around his hand. It was a failed attempt at keeping him out. He started rubbing her sex simply exploring until he found the key to her desires. He moved his fingers from left to right over the little button that seemed to make her bow to his whim. 

She was still trying to get him away from her but now she was much less reluctant, only feigning 

unwillingness. He moved faster and faster until his hand was but a blur then he stopped, much to her dissatisfaction. 

She didn't use the opportunity to get away from him though; she was still savouring the pulses of 

pleasure going through her body, heat radiating from between her legs.

"I'm just a boy? I'll show you how much of a man I am!" he didn't seem like himself. To him it felt like he was outside his body, just watching as it all happened. He turned her onto her back and forced his knees in between her thighs.

"I didn't mean to... Please stop!" she seemed frantic and on the brink of tears.

"Carl, I don't want it to go this far!" he grabbed her by the wrists and forced each one onto the floor 

with a separate hand. Then her words sunk in and he was brought down from his lustful high. He watched her for a moment, his grip on her was close to none and yet she was waiting for something. She didn't seem too scared either. He noticed her full breasts and her perfect figure and it made him regret not going forward with the path he was on.

He lifted his weight from her wrists and stood taking a few steps back. Suddenly he looked stronger, more proud and respectable as his shoulders heaved from his heavy breathing.

"Interesting..." her voice rang out with a deeper more sinister tone. To Carl it sounded like a different woman speaking, not the sweet innocent girl he just had every intention of raping.

"Usually you mortals are so predictable... I didn't think that you'd stop" her body that had been lying 

horizontally levitated dropping her onto her feet into a vertical position.

"Wha... what, who are you?" Carl stood his ground this time. Usually at a sight like this he would flee, but he had newfound confidence about him now. 

"Oh ignorant child... you wouldn't comprehend even if I told you" she walked over to the window to fetch her jacket.

"Oh yeah, try me!" When she looked back after putting on the jacket he had a rifle pointing at her. She smiled.

"Cute, no need to get worked up though... I'll tell you what you want to know" he stood at ease letting the barrel of the gun drop. 

"Okay... good" he stood starring at her in anticipation. 

"Well... what do you want to know?" She said looking at him like he was some form of primate. 

"You know what I want to know!" he lifted the barrel again.

"Who - are - you?" he pointed and retracted the barrel with each word.

"I have been known by many names; In Greece I was known as Echidna and in Japan - Kuchisake. In Europe I gave birth to the idea of witches, in Scandinavia they called me what was it again... Countess Elizabeth Bathory? Poor sods tried to burn me at the stake" she walked around the room running her fingers over the course stone walls.

"You're trying to tell me you're hundreds of years old?" he looked confused but she sensed that he 

believed her.

"More than just hundreds" She turned to him and he noticed that the colour of her eyes were purple now.

"I can sense your fear... but rest assured I won't be killing you like the others. Usually men... and 

humanity as a whole is so predictable. But you've surprised me... I'd even dare say that you've intrigued me!" she had moved closer, circling him now like a wolf would circle a defenceless animal. Her fingers ran along his bare back and then his chest as she drew a slow circle around him.

"So then... what's next?" he asked wearily, acknowledging his fear of her.

"Next?" She said rising and eyebrow.

"You must be here for a reason... if you're not going to kill me what are you going to do?" his body was frozen as her nails, which had grown at least an inch in the time she was circling him, scratched his skin lightly, scratching the top layer leaving pink trails.

"Well, I might reward you... or curse you... or a bit of both maybe," she stopped when she was in front of him again facing him this time. She looked into his eyes locking him in a trance. He bent down to kiss her. When their lips met a strange tingle ran over his skin from his lips to the back of his head all the way down to the tips of his toes. She started giggling then stepped back as he collapsed to his knees. She walked past him heading out the door. 

"Things are going to change Carl... I'll be in touch" were the last words she said before he lost 

consciousness.

"Carl... boy is that you?" a man maybe twenty years older than Carl shook his shoulder to see if he was alive. Carl looked at him through hazed eyes. 

The man turned his head and shouted out of the cottage. Carl couldn't make out the words; he had been stuck in that cabin for over a week. Before Carl knew it he was being hoisted up and carried out of the cabin. His mind went dark and he woke on the back a truck moving fast over the snow. He blacked out again.

He woke in the doctor's office with an IV stuck in his arm; he could feel a cool breeze rolling in from the window on his left. He closed his eyes and savoured it then he started to look around. He was alone. There were flowers on his bedside cupboard and a box of snacks on the table to his right.

He closed his eyes trying to remember what happened. 

He expected to only see darkness but short clips of what happened arose in his mind; the truck taking him into town, the doctor checking his vitals; the voices cheering at his return. He felt a tinge of pain and opened his eyes hoping that it would go away and it did. 

"There's something...something I need to remember," he held a hand over his face exhaling deeply as he closed his eyes yet again. His mind played his thoughts to him as if he was a bystander. 
