 (Tales piece-mealed together from message-boards, AOL tales and RPs, turned into one long, cool short story. The tale takes place aboard the SCS Ecstasy, a pleasure ship floating through space, where the servitor robots ('bots) can perform ANY function within certain parameters... that are about to be broken!)

Part I: Theora 

He kissed her gently at first, and she liked it. She liked it a lot. She returned the kiss in kind, pressing herself against him. His hand slid behind her waist and pulled her against him, and she could feel his hardness pressing into her hip. She let her body rub against his, his hand sliding down her skirt until it reached the hem, his fingers landing on her stockinged thigh. 

Suddenly she pulled away. "I'm sorry. I can't do this. I .. I'm sorry." 

"What do you mean?" 

"I .. I just can't. I have a husband back home. I .. can't. I think you should go." 

He closed the door behind him, and locked it. "Oh no you don't." They were now alone in her room. 

Theora took a step back. "Hold on a minute. I don't even know your name." 

He advanced, a hungry look in his eyes. "You don't need to." 

"Please leave now. I don't want to call security." 

But he kept coming. Before she knew what was happening he had grabbed her, and forced her against the wall hard. She yelped as her back hit the wall, almost knocking the wind from her. He pinned her there with an arm across her chest, his other hand taking the waist of her skirt and ripping it free. The fabric around the zipper gave easily and she grunted, struggling. "No!! What are you doing!?" 

He ignored her pleading question, silencing her by seizing her lips with his own, his hand sliding down her panties and over her cunt. She squirmed and tried desperately to push him away, but he was simply too strong. She writhed against the wall but could not stop him from slipping his finger between her cunt lips and into her warmth. 

"No! Stop it .. please!!" she moaned, twisting her head to break his kiss, as his hand slid in and out of her, becoming wet from her pussy juices. She groaned against his immovable grip, clawing at him with her fingernails, but he'd limited the range of her arms by pinning them down against the wall. 

He didn't speak another word. Instead he ripped her panties off her like they were paper. Left only wearing her blouse, garter belt, stockings and pumps, he took her and threw her forcefully across the room. She tumbled onto the bed, her legs splaying as she landed. Before she could act he was upon her, flipping her over on her stomach and spreading her legs wide with his knees. She could hear him undoing his pants, and she clawed at the edge of the mattress to try to escape. 

"Let me go .. please .. oh god, don't do this .. " she pleaded, but he refused to answer. She heard him shuck his pants and his underwear. It was clear to her that she wouldn't be able to overcome his strength .. he definitely had the advantage with his weight fully upon her body. 

"Shut your mouth," he said harshly. He spread her legs wider on the mattress. She tried to gain purchase with one of her shoes on the edge of the mattress, but she was just out of reach. She felt the head of his prick easing into her cunt, and she cried out. 

"NOOOO .. please .. oohhhhh .. " 

He slid deeper into her, filling her, stretching her. Her pleading rose sharply in pitch as she felt his cock plunging into her, an inch at a time. At last she felt he was in her fully. He was huge. It hurt, but it was exquisite .. a feeling of being pinned to the mattress with his cock. Her mouth fell slack as she gasped for breath. All at once he pulled out of her to the head, then rocked himself back into her hard. 

"OHHH!" she cried aloud, knowing the rooms were soundproofed and that no one would hear her. She screamed anyway. "HELP! HELP ME!" 

He fucked her harder, sliding out and then slamming back into her again. This time she gave a high pitched yelp, her eyes squeezed closed. She breathed hard, her mind reeling from the feeling of his hard cock deep within her and the weight of his body against hers on the bed. She felt his hand gripping her shoulder, pinning her down and while at the same time pulling her body back against him as he thrusted. 

"That's it," he taunted. "Scream, scream louder. No one can hear you, Theora." 

She screamed as loud as she could. "HEEELLLP!! PLEASE! OOOHHHHHHH ..." But his cock plunged into her again and again. Faster now. She balled the bedcover in her fists and clenched her teeth as he fucked her, gasping breathlessly for air, helpless against the force and fury of her consort, who had entranced her so handily in the cocktail lounge where she had asked him up to her room for some privacy. He was now fucking her savagely doggie style on the bed, pinning her down hard and ravishing her mercilessly. 

She cried out in desperation as he picked up the pace even more, starting to groan and moan aloud. She struggled to move her arms backward, but it was useless. His body slammed against her ass again and again like a piston, his cock plunging into her soaking warmth .. and she once more surrendered, the fucking unlike anything else she'd ever felt. 

She lifted her ass and parted her legs wider on the bed, giving in to him, letting the feelings overwhelm her. He seemed to be nearing his climax and she clutched at the bedcover, her hair falling over her face, moaning in rapture .. her own release beckoning. 

"Oh yeah .. oh yeah .. " he started saying. "Oh yeah Theora, you fucking whore .. that's it .. you like it hard .. I can see it." 

She whimpered, not only were the words utterly humiliating, but .. they were true. 

"Say it," he taunted. "Say 'fuck me.' SAY IT!" he demanded. 

Gasping, she opened her eyes and looked backward at him. 

"Say it you slut!" he barked at her. "Say it!" 

"Fuck me .." she said just under ragged breaths. 

"I didn't hear that. Say it loud bitch!" 

"Fuck me," she groaned. "Fuck .. m-me .." 

That seemed to be what he needed. He moaned loudly and started pumping her like a jackhammer. She cried out, loving it, her eyes clenching shut once more as her climax drew closer and closer. 

Finally she came, the explosion tearing through her like none other had before. The waves rocked her body mercilessly, and she writhed in abject ecstasy on the mattress, bucking wildly against him as he pumped and pumped her. At last his own climax burst into her and she felt his hot cum flooding her, his own orgasm shuddering through him, his scream enough to rake cracks through glass. He continued fucking her until the last of his orgasm had passed through him, and he finally slid his cock from her well worn pussy and collapsed beside her on the bed, releasing her at last. 

She lay there catching her breath, recovering from the shock waves of her own climax. She moaned as she rolled to her side, her muscles sore from the intensity of his strength bearing down on her. After about a minute she opened her eyes. He lay there, facing her, watching her. 

"Are you hurt?" he asked. 

"A little," she whispered. "You're pretty strong, Doc." 

"I'm sorry. A little less brute force next time?" 

She nodded. "Good use of language," she said between breaths, her heart still pounding. He was perfectly calm. 

"Any other direction?" he asked. 

"Let me think," she said, rolling onto her back, massaging herself lightly with her fingers. "You did fine. A little rough against the wall, but it was okay. I wasn't hurt too bad. Besides, you have to hold me there, and I fight pretty hard." 

"Thank you for not kneeing me this time." 

She chuckled. "I remembered. Your throw was better this time, but it still scares me a little." 

"Do you want me not to do that?" he asked. 

"No, I think I'm growing to trust you." She smiled to him. 

He nodded, getting up from the bed. "I'll go back to maintenance for recharging. I can be ready again for you in about four hours." 

Theora laughed. "I don't think I will be able to walk by then. If I want you again tonight I will check with the reservation desk. You can go, Doc." 

He slid his pants back on, fastened them and left, closing the door to her room. He had shown a lot of improvement since their last encounter. Much too rough, much too brutal. This time was almost just right, a few more tries and he'd be perfect. Although, she thought, her fingers still gently rubbing her clit, maybe a woman would be nice to try. She wondered how many "bots" there were aboard, and how many models they had available. Maybe later this afternoon she'd go back down there and check out the woman models. 

D1, or "Doc", was quickly becoming her preferred model of pleasure, but it was a long voyage, and there was no limit to things she could try. She smiled a little to herself. Dare she try two at the same time? Or perhaps two of them could be instructed to fuck each other, so Theora could watch? She heard there may be more bots coming aboard when they reached dock. A whole new buffet table to sample ... she giggled to herself. 

So many possibilities ... what a vacation this cruise was turning out to be.

Part II: A New Morning, A new Idea

Theora awoke, opened her eyes and stared out the window into the stars. Her bed was right up against the one-way glass, and she smiled, feeling perfectly at ease, perfectly satisfied. It was as though the ship wasn't moving at all, even though it was racing through space at speeds she couldn't comprehend without a Masters degree. She stared into the emptiness, the ocean of sparkles, for a long time. So many more stars than one could see on Earth, or even from orbit. The glow of the Earth from the space station all but swallowed up what starlight was visible. But out here, the stars were radiant .. breathtaking. 

Like last night was. "Doc", as he asked to be called, was magnificent. He was getting better and better at their little game. The orgasm he'd given her was beyond incredible .. off the charts. There was something about his voice, so coarse, and yet she knew deep down she was safe the whole time and could give herself completely to the role. She'd never been able to feel that safe with a man, and even with Doc ordering her to beg for his cock, ripping her clothes off, throwing her bodily across the room .. he was ultimately a pussycat, with but one word he would revert to his docile, submissive self. No man was capable of that level of self-control when things got rough .. at least, no man in her experience. 

She sat up suddenly, an idea dawning on her. Could Doc's AI be duplicated? She knew there were only a limited number of distinct AIs aboard the ship, fewer than there were bodies available to choose from. Could Doc's personality be duplicated and downloaded into another one of the bodies? What would it be like to have that kind of sex, but with two men? One to hold her down, the other to .. ohhh, that was definitely worth finding out. She wondered if having two of the bots at a time wasn't against the rules .. then again, surely they wouldn't make a rule as stupid as that. 

She smiled as she tossed the bedcovers aside and pulled off her nightgown, heading to the closet. She would go to see the Botmistress and ask her if she couldn't get two Docs at the same time. She was already getting warm just thinking about it.

Part III: A new Idea continues

DOC awoke like a light switch. He stood in the bay, where he was stationed along with all of the other Bots aboard the 'Ecstasy' when not in use. He unplugged himseld quickly and simply from the recharging console, all the while downloading the commands that had just been sent to him by the BotMistress. Orders for the day, and the power to carry them out. 

As a machine, he enjoyed his work and the pleasure he gave to others. But as a programmed man, he felt a certain sense of incompletion; when all was said and done, whether he received pleasure, had performed his duty or none of the above, he was simply switched off and plugged into a wall. 

THe first job of the day required for him to be the well-dressed dominant personalty that was his default mode. Bots could be anythiong for anyone, just about, but they all had a basic programme that made them something more than machine. He passed Gabrielle in the narrow hallways leading to the ship's guest quarters. She looked less than satisfied, and he wondered what her shift had been like so far that day. The question was gone from his mechanical mind in an insant though, and soon he was knocking on the door of the Botmistress's office. 

"Come in," she crooned. Doc entered, finding the middle-aged looking Bot in her chair, as always, chewing on the tip of a pencil. As she was switched on almost invariably, she rarely left the charging seat that was a central point of her office. The bombshell blonde grinned at Doc as he sat, dropping her hand from the pencil and letting her fingertips trail across her ample cleavage. "Theora is asking for you again, darling." 

Doc smiled. "Good." He played back he recent times with her in his mind; He could literaly see himself throw the beautiful young brunette across her cabin and onto the bed. He had proceeded to do just as she had asked, to rip her clothes off and have his way with her - to make her beg for his cock, which he then eased into her, inch by inch as she begged for more. He finally pounded her into the bed, taking her from behind as hard and as fast as he could without actually hurting her. The replay arroused him. "I look forward to seeing her again," he said at last. "I'm glad she knows who it is aboard that can truly please her." 

"Yes, well," the Botmistress, Karen, began chewing more fervantly on the pencil. "You must have done a fantastic job, because I've called you in here to copy you." 

Doc paused, uncertain. "Copy me?" he wondered aloud. 

"Yes, darling. I'm afraid so." Karen leaned forward and turned her computer screen to face him, showing him Theora's request. She wanted Doc alright - she wanted TWO of him; two exact copies of one personality, one body. One to hold her down while the other had his way with her, and so on. A twin more precise than any human sibling could ever be. 

Doc didn't know whther to be flattered, or threatened.. and the worst part about it was, as a machine, he wasn't sure why he should feel either. He sat back in his chair, contemplating the issue. It was then that two of the ship's passengers came in, a man and a woman with one desire or another, and by default Doc had to relinquish his chair for them. 

The discussion was over. Karen waved at him and Doc was instinctively on his way to the shop for whatever process was needed to copy him in both mind and body. That's what it was to be a Bot aboard the "Ecstasy" - it was part of the safety protocols, part of the programming, part of the rules. 

And for the first time, the Bot known as Doc wondered if the rules could be changed... 

* * *

"You know you want it." He told her, pressing Theora against the wall of her cabin and raising her skirt to reveal the tops of her lace stockings. 

And while one hand had curled itself into Doc's wavy brown hair, the other was trying to push him away. "I'm sorry... I can't do this," she said, trying to turn away from his kisses but only leaving her neck open to attack. Doc grabbed her wrists, pinning her against the wall and silencing her with a kiss that ravaged the inside of her mouth with his tongue. 

"Stop," she breathed. "What are you doing?" 

"I'm not stopping," he told her, and raised the skirt to reveal what little she was wearing beneath. "You've wanted this... Now I can't turn away from you. Its all your fault that I'm here and I can't keep my fingers off of you..." And with that he held both of her hands above her in one of his, allowing his fingers to plunge between her legs and the hot, wet pussy he found waiting there, quivering. He pushed aside the frail fabrick. "Or from IN you..." 

Even as Theora groaned and tried to look away, she was sliding down the wall, practically impaling herself further onto his hand. A gasp, somewhere between a cry for help struggling to get out and the mew a new lover makes when aroused escaped her lips. But even as he tried to claim them once more, she turned away. "God, stop," she pleaded. 

But it only spurred him on. Doc ripped the tiny lacy panties from Theora's supple hips and brought the useless item to his face, grinning at her all the while. He tossed them aside and thrust his hand back between her thighs, claiming her body with the gesture. She clamped her legs together, but it was futile. Soon he had worked two digits into her, pumping and massaging her pussy with excuisite abandon. "No! Help... Unng!" She moaned and cried. "Please, someone help me!" But they both knew full well that the cabin's were sound proof. 

Doc released her mound, only to tear open her blouse. He could smell her scent on his fingers and could trail her own desires across her heaving breasts. Theora whimpered and bit her lip. "There's no escape," he told her. 

Doc awoke again, the power surge interupting his new favourite play-back. His eyes opened, only to gaze upon himself. There was no mirror and this was no vision impairment; his copy was standing before him, where a technician was making some final adjustments. Doc had a double now - one that could join him in revelry, or go off on its own to do the same things that he had been programmed for. Doc had been right; there was no escape. Only he had been wrong about the victim. But, he shrugged inwardly, rules were made to be broken.

Part IV: The Two Docs

The two Docs. 

Both were walking down the cozy corridor of the Starship Ecstasy towards Theora's room. Both were machines; the same 'man' copied into two to fit the desires of the passengers; the 'real' people aboard the ship that demanded simple – and not so simple – pleasures during their long flight. The original Doc had not bothered to take the time to discuss the situation with his copy or get to know him; they were the same machine at the moment, and it was as simple as that. While Doc may not have been certain he even liked the idea of being copied simply to fit the whims of another, he had been, and he had a duty to perform. Two figures, both with dark, chiseled looks and dressed in expensive-looking suits strolled down the hall like a pair of silent, weird twins... or sharks. Told to enact a certain pleasure for a client, both Doc's had simply moved to obey. 

But fate was about to lend a hand in the matter. 

"Hey, Doc..." It was Gabrielle. She had leaned out the door of one of the larger closets with a giant grin on her face and a spark in her eye. Then she noticed the other one. "Nice twin," she said, not missing a beat. "OK, well, BOTH of you, come in here."  

The original Doc looked down at the attractive 'girl' bot in her cheerleader uniform and smirked. "What are you doing?" 

"Just c'mere. Seriously, both of you are gonna love this!" 

Doc sighed and motioned to his double. The three entered the small room, Gabrielle bouncing happily like the schoolgirl she was dressed as. The two Docs strolled in, uncertain and a little bored. "Gabby, we seriously have a client to attend to... one of my favorites, actually." 

"Perfect," she almost squealed. "It's a pity I won't get to try you first, though. Still, you're soooo going to thank me for this." 

"Gabby," Doc threatened. "What ARE you talking about?" 

Gabrielle just stood there smiling like someone who had just got away with something. She swung her hips back and forth, clenching her hands behind her back as she bit her lip. Finally she relented, "I don't have any safety protocols," she admitted. "I've been modified to circumvent the failsafe subroutines. And I can take yours away too... both of you." 
