 Sam had been in a sex shop many times, but every time felt uncomfortable. She enjoyed sex a lot, but being surrounded by adult movies, magazines, dildos, vibrators, butt plugs, even sex swings and large hardcore porn posters for the truly bold, made her uncomfortable. It was because she, for some reason, didn't like talking about sex or even mention it, not even to her closest friends, male or female. One of those friends, Angie, had recommended a store called "The Garden of Eden". She claimed it to be "amazing" and sold some items that were only sold in a few other places in the world. She refused to divulge anything else in order to not spoil the surprise and gave her the address. It was in a mostly abandoned part of the city full of vacant buildings. The closer Sam came to it, the more convinced she became that she was the victim of a joke, but finally she came across a small store. It didn't look like any other sex shop she had visited. They were usually discreet with no advertisement except a neon sign, a small banner and maybe the occasional ad in a local newspaper. The Garden of Eden had a display window and a fairly large wooden sign with red and green colors. She entered nervously. The inside came as an even greater shock. It was also more open than common sex shops. The main room had two big-screen TVs which showed straight and lesbian porn trailers. The truly strange part was that it actually appeared to be bigger on the inside than on the outside. Sam had circled around it and it didn't cover more than a small coffee shop, and yet there were doorways leading to more rooms. Behind the counter sat a very attractive brunette woman wearing a black velvet robe and reading a Literotica anthology. Her nametag read "Eve".

"Excuse me," asked Sam shyly. Eve didn't seem to notice her.

"Excuse me," repeated Sam louder.

Eve suddenly became attentive.

"Hey there," she said cheerfully. "Never seen you here before."

"A friend recommended this place." Sam was used to quieter, less talkative clerks and felt a slight discomfort.

Eve looked at Sam's clothing. She always wore baggy, discreet clothes whenever she was planning on visiting a sex shop. It was kind of her disguise to blend in with the crowd. Somehow, Eve seemed to understand this immediately.

"Do you always dress like that when you go porn shopping?"

"Yes," replied Sam with her hands in her pockets.

"Come here," said Eve playfully and called Sam to her. She didn't move. "Come here, I don't bite. Unless I'm asked to, of course."

Sam approached carefully. When she reached the counter, she noticed that Eve seemed to be seated astraddle on something long and black.

"So," Eve asked, "what's your flavor?"

"I'm sorry?"

"What's your deal? Guys, girls, trannies, various quadruped mammals?"

Sam felt like leaving.

"Maybe I'll come back some other time."

"Oh, come on, don't be prude. I'm sorry. What are you looking for?"

"My friend said you have some very special things for sale here."

"We do, and it would simplify for both of us if you were a bit specific."

Sam leaned forward and whispered:

"I'm bi."

"We don't really whisper here," said Eve. "Take a look."

She moved the lower part of her robe apart. Sam was shocked, and a bit excited, when she saw that Eve was in fact sitting on a vibrating sybian with the dildo inside her. Strangely, despite the pleasure Eve should've been feeling, her face didn't move.

"I've watched you," she said. "You're shy, quiet, don't date a lot but deep inside you hide a powerful sex drive and love-making skills worth killing for. I could tell you what turns you on the most, even if you don't know it yourself, but that would require very direct body contact."

Sam was a bit intimidated by her straight-forwardness, yet found herself surprisingly calm.

"I'd like you to," she said.

Eve raised her eyebrows.

"Oh, really?"

She smiled, got off the sybian and went to the other side of the counter. She placed her hands on Sam's cheeks and forehead and looked deeply into her eyes. Suddenly, she quickly moved closer and gave her a deep, erotic kiss, her tongue exploring every part of her mouth. Sam panicked for a second, but then started to indulge, holding Eve around the waist and stroking her back. Suddenly, Eve stopped.

"You taste good," she said. "You are indeed bisexual. With women you like red hair and big tits. With men you're not that specific, but in one-nighters, of which you haven't had any in a long time, you love black men with massive cocks who come inside you. You love anal sex with both sexes. You're kinda submissive and love to simply receive and indulge in it."

Sam felt genuinely scared at Eve's sudden insight.

"I really should go," she said.

"Oh, wait," Eve exclaimed. "That freaks everyone out. For what it's worth, it was really insightful."

Sam stopped to listen.

"Can you recommend something?"

"Recommendations are easier with repeat customers, but I can offer you one, let's call it a teaser, but that term feels highly inaccurate."

She went to the counter, looked below the till, picked up a small red and black box and gave it to Sam.

"'The Fantasy Kit: Bi-sex Edition Demo'? Is it vibes, movies?"

"Oh, it's something far better. That is a demo package, one-use only. No charge. If you like it, there is a full version available."

She smiled.

"Enjoy and have a nice night. If you hurry, you can beat the rain?"

"It will start raining in exactly 13 minutes."

Eve went into the back room and Sam left.

Astonishingly, Eve's forecast was correct. Sam didn't put any thought into it and had to walk in heavy rain for 20 minutes on her way home. Feeling cold, she took a hot bath. When she got up and dried herself she just walked around the house completely naked, having closed the apartment's curtains earlier. She put on a porno and brought out her favorite dildo, but then remembered 'The Fantasy Box'. With doubt, she opened the box. She was a bit disappointed. The contents were an instruction booklet, a thin transparent rod that seemed to be intended to be inserted into the anus, a small transparent plastic egg and another transparent piece of plastic that looked like a mouth guard, like those boxers wear. Sam opened the booklet:

Welcome to the Fantasy Box!

1.Undress to such a degree that the genital and anal orifices remain uncovered.

2.Insert the items in the areas you desire to be stimulated, the egg for the vagina, the plug for the anus and the mouth piece for oral stimulation. Lubricate if necessary.

3.Lay down on a soft, wide surface, such as a bed.

4.Relax until you drift into sleep.

5.Enjoy.

HEALTH WARNING!

Only apply the items in their designated areas. Avoid use if you're prone to epileptic fits. Experiences might change if you're color-blind or otherwise visually impaired. Do not combine use with sedatives, tranquilizers or, if avoidable, alcohol. Be sure to drink plenty of fluids before use as dehydration may occur.

"Charming," Sam said to herself. She contemplated using the contents, and eventually decided to do so. She lay down on the bed and relaxed. After gently rubbing her clit for a while she took the plastic egg and inserted it into her pussy. It slid in amazingly easily, almost as though it had been made specifically for her. She then looked at the plug and found herself having ideas. Finally she bent over and placed its tip at her sphincter. Relaxing as much as she could she slid it in slowly, first short, gentle pushes, then longer ones until it was in almost all the way. It was not very stimulating, it went in too easily. She took the mouth piece and placed it in her mouth. Even that was surprisingly comfortable, no sharp edges cutting into her flesh. She turned of all the lights and lay down on the bed. The plastic parts were barely felt at all and Sam felt just a bit disappointed, but decided to follow the instructions anyway and drifted into sleep.

Suddenly, she woke up, but she was elsewhere. It was like waking up on a different planet entirely. She wore a black velvet robe and nothing at all underneath it. She had woken up on a small, red bed. The room around her had red walls, a black tiles floor and a ceiling covered with erotic drawings. There were no windows, but a few electric lamps and a black wooden door. Sam was trying to figure out just what the hell just happened when there was a knock on the door. A secretary-like woman wearing unisexual clothing and glasses opened and looked in.

"Samantha Clark," she asked. Sam nodded shyly. "Good, we've been waiting."

She grabbed Sam by the wrist and gently led her out of the room and through a corridor with several identical doors. Eventually, they reached the end of it and came to a large golden door.

"Are you ready," the secretary asked.

"For what?"

"Your Fantasy Kit demo. This is a trial, but if you like the concept and its capabilities, there is a full version available."

"What is in there?"

"A fantasy of yours. More specifically, having sex in front of a crowd."

"How do you know that?"

"You fell asleep, remember? This is basically a dream, except the items inside you stimulate you for real."

"How the hell does that work?"

"It's all a bit complicated and I am not at liberty to reveal it anyway. Again, are you ready?"

Sam opened the door slowly. What she saw inside instantly made her pussy drip with juices. The room was full of people fucking each other. Every single couple was about her age and all sexes and races, fucking in different positions; missionary, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, on all fours, all kinds. Their moaning turned Sam on even more. In the middle of the room was a long, red mattress elevated like an altar. More eager than she had ever been before, Sam entered. Suddenly, everyone stopped and turned towards her like they had been expecting her. Before entering, Sam turned to the secretary and asked:

"Who am I having sex with?"

"She's waiting near the mattress."

The door closed behind Sam. She walked quickly and a bit nervously towards the center of the room. When she reached the end and saw the only other person in the room who was not fucking someone, she was shocked. The person was definitely Eve, the Garden of Eden's shopkeeper, but she had changed. She was now a red-head and she was a lot bustier than when they met. She was also wearing a black velvet robe.

"You've gotta be fucking kidding me," Sam exclaimed.

Eve smiled.

"If this was the real me, I'd be flattered."

She stepped up to the mattress and reached out for Sam, helping her up.

"Remember," she assured her, "if you feel like quitting, just say so. You'll wake up from this dream. Or you can stay, enjoy it and possibly get your best fuck in years."

In that very moment Sam decided to just let go of everything, untied her robe and let it fall.

"You look good," Eve said and removed her robe the same way. When Sam saw this version of her body naked she was very close to starting to rub herself, but restrained herself. Eve's body was maybe one size larger than before. Her breasts had become huge and her ass a bit rounder. Just the way Sam wanted it to be. She walked up to Eve and kissed her deeply, but gently. Their tongues swirled around each other as the couples around them got ready to continue fucking. All of them had turned a bit in order to get clear vision of Sam and Eve.

Sam lay down on the mattress, stroking her body. Eve got on her knees above her, holding her own arms behind her head to make her breasts look even bigger. Sam made an attempt to rub herself, but was stopped.

"Not just yet," she whispered and lowered herself onto her, their erect nipples touching each other. Eventually, she lay directly on top of her and started moving back and forward, rubbing her body against Sam's. Sam could feel Eve's huge, soft tits being squashed against her chest. Somehow, Eve held her lower body a bit raised to prevent their clits from touching.

"You like these," Eve asked flirtatiously.

"Yeah, baby," Sam said and grabbed her ass cheeks. "I want you to lick me."

"Think you can handle it?"

Sam answered by smiling. Eve backed down and allowed her to spread her legs before placing her head between them.

"You have a beautiful pussy, you know."

Sam started squeezing her own tits and tried to relax. Suddenly, Eve placed her tongue in the area between Sam's anus and pussy and slowly moved it upwards. The closer it came to her clit, the more pleasure her body built up. Eve then fully attacked it and started licking like mad.

"Oh, God," Sam whimpered. Eve's tongue was now licking her clitoris, starting below it and slowly moving upwards, over and over.

"This is how you like it, right?"

"Yes," Sam moaned as the pleasure rippled through her lower body, "God, yes."

Eve thrusted her long finger into Sam's pussy, causing her to make a weak yelp. She moved it in and out repeatedly while lick her clit.

"You put in the butt plug," Eve said without quitting thrusting with her finger, "so you want your ass to be fucked as well, right?"

"Yes," Sam pleaded.

"Get up on all fours," Eve instructed her. Sam obliged and suddenly noticed that the surrounding couples had returned to fucking. Some partners were even intensely staring at her and Eve. Usually, Sam couldn't even have sex if a pet was present, but this time it actually turned her on. Maybe it was because they were turned on, or maybe it was because they were fucking too. Eve was kissing Sam's buttocks gently, teasing her. She then spread them, exposing her sphincter completely, and moved the tip of her tongue to it. Sam gasped upon the sudden shivering of her skin. Eve licked her asshole in circular movements, occasionally sticking the tip of her tongue into it.

"That's perfect," Sam gasped. "Don't stop."

"Come on," Eve said confidently and snapped her fingers, "I'm not just gonna lick you all night."

Suddenly, on Sam's right and left sides, two muscular, nude men appeared, carrying black bags. She turned around and sat down face-to-face with Eve.

"I think you're ready for a cock now," Eve said. "Do you want to fuck me, me to fuck you or use a double-ended dildo?"

Sam said the first thing that came to her mind:

"I want to fuck you first. Then I want to be fucked."

"Good."

The bag carriers removed a small strap on the bags, opening them. The bags were similar to the kind used to carry steak knives and utensils, but they contained strap-on dildos of different sizes and colors. Eve pointed at an 11-inch black one.

"This one."

One of the men took it from the bag and moved to Sam.

"On your knees, please," he said in a business-like way.

Sam got up on her knees, her legs spread a bit. The two men moved the straps to put the dildo on Sam. They adjusted it gently to make it sit comfortably.

"Is that okay, Miss Clark?"

Sam made gentle fucking motions to feel how the straps fit. It was remarkable comfortable.

"Yes, that's perfect."

One of the men left. Eve got down on all fours, her pussy dripping wet.

"Pussy or ass," Sam asked.

"You choose."

Sam eagerly placed the tip of the dildo at Eve's sphincter. The nude man had somehow produced a bottle of lube which he applied onto both before standing face-to face with Eve who told Sam to fuck her. She made a gentle push, causing Eve to gasp.

"That's it," she said.

Sam made another push, slowly and deeper. She pulled it out again and pushed again, this time getting it all the way in. Eve yelped loudly.

"Fuck, yes."

Sam started thrusting faster and faster as Eve moaned louder and louder, the dildo straps touching her ass with every thrust made. Sam grabbed her buttocks and held them firmly, but with care, and started fucking a bit more aggressively. The naked man in front of Eve, whose massive cock had erected, moved closer. Eve put his member into her mouth and started sucking it.

"You like this, don't you," Sam asked. "You like having more than one cock inside you."

Eve made a gleeful "mm-hmm" sound between her muffled moans as Sam fucked her and she sucked the man's cock, his balls slapping her chin. Suddenly, she started sucking faster and made loud, muffled moaning noises. Realizing that Eve was about to come, Sam went in for the final dash. Eve's moaning became more frequent, Sam's thighs touching her ass with every thrust. Suddenly, she took the man's whole cock in her mouth, and made a muffled scream of pleasure. She then moved forward so Sam's strap-on fell out of her, glistening. Her ass had been stretched out.

"That felt amazing," Eve panted.

Sam removed the strap-on. The man picked the bag and displayed its contents again. Sam picked a thick, purple 15-inch long strap-on.

"You sure," Eve asked impressed.

"Yes," said Sam and nodded. Some of the couples around them had in fact climaxed and were going at it hot and heavy again.

"You're a tough girl," Eve said and put on the dildo. "Now bend over."

Sam obliged and bent forward.

"Pussy, please," she said nervously.

"Come again?"

"Fuck my pussy, please."

"Not your ass?"

"No, thank you."

Sam placed the dildo in her mouth. Oddly, it didn't taste like rubber, but blackcurrant. She sucked it a few times to lube it up and then turned around, her legs spread and her vulva exposed.

"Here it goes," said Eve and placed the tip of the dildo between Sam's pussy lips, causing her to shiver with excitement. Suddenly, it entered Sam who almost screamed, no longer able to hide her lust. Eve made gentle thrusts in and out, deeper and deeper inside.

"That feels so good," Sam exclaimed as her pussy gradually stretched out, more and more.

Eve stopped after about 10 inches had made their way in. Obviously, Sam must have felt this:

"All of it," she whispered lustfully. "I can take it. I want it all."

Eve made one great push. Sam screamed out as the whole dildo entered her pussy. Eve then grabbed her ass cheeks and started fucking her for real. At first, Sam made pleasant gasps as she was filled up over and over again, but after a while, she moaned loudly, even more turned on by the horny, fucking couples around her whose eyes were focused on her.

"I love this," she said loudly. "I want to be on top."

Eve pulled out of her and crept in below her. Sam sat astraddle on the dildo which slid remarkably easily into her pussy as she screamed out again.

"That's good," Eve whispered lustfully as Sam rode her, her tits bouncing and her body convulsing orgasmically. "You love this, don't you? You love being watched as you get fucked."

"Fuck, yes," Sam gasped. Suddenly, she felt her pussy muscles contract as her heart raced and her sweat ran down her body.

"I want to come."

"You do that, sweetie. Come whenever you like."

Sam started riding her faster and faster, moaning with each thrust into her body.

"I'm gonna come," she finally screamed. Suddenly, an explosion of pleasure erupted throughout her body and she screamed until she had no air left. All of the fucking couples watching made individual screams of climaxing as well, their noises fading away as everything turned black before Sam's eyes.

She woke up on the bed the next day, feeling physically exhausted and amazed at the dream she'd just had. She laughed at it until she noticed the huge, wet stain on the blanket. She leaned forward to smell it and was pleasantly surprised; it was the distinct smell of her pussy juices. Like she had climaxed over and over again throughout the night. She then noticed that the mouth piece, plastic egg and butt plug lay on her bedside table. They had all gained a shade of white. Next to them lay a red envelope. Sam opened it in a hurry.

DEAR MS SAMANTHA CLARK,

We sincerely hope that you enjoyed this demo of The Fantasy Kit: Bi-sex Edition. If you did, you can purchase the full package, complete with additional scenarios and a way to choose between them, at our store. We hope to meet you again. Signed,
