 The social engineers of humanity finally completed their great project in the 22nd century CE, when the trends of history finally culminated to overcome humanity's wastage of spirit by disease, toil, and futile enmities and divisions. A process which began with the founding of the UN proceeded, with some reverses, to unify the various governments of the world into a single state. Humanity, which had stabilized at 10 billion, ceased its horizontal spread over the earth and relocated to giant skyscraper-cities, converting all arable land into farmland. Social and genetic engineering finally bred into existence the New Man, a gregarious individual with high extroversion and low neuroticism who did not suffer from the need to have private ownership of objects or people. It is with such men that the great skyscrapers could house almost a million people each without conflict or descending into the Behavioral Sink.

In these buildings there was such sexual license as to make the Free Love movement blush. Modesty meant nothing when clothes were obsolete, and privacy was next to impossible in such crowded conditions. Sex was given freely to everyone, and monogamy was a dirty word. Once a woman gave birth, the infant was given over to the Crèche to be raised until puberty, when the young adult entered training for what few jobs were needed to maintain the building. The vast majority of people received only enough education to be functionally literate, as the most important skills were social.

Some occupations were challenging and rigorous enough that exceptions had to be made from the nearly classless and egalitarian state of society. Adepts, or Kappas, who became politicians, policemen, or engineers, were selectively bred for various traits in the hatcheries to meet the Colony's needs. Those Kappas whose line of work required a degree of removal from ordinary society were even granted a measure of privacy and the right to marry another Kappa for the purposes of raising children.

Kappas had a living space about the size of a studio apartment to share with their spouse and however many children (the number of offspring allotted to them determined by Colony need). Everyone else lived alone in a room about 10 square meters, containing their bed, a retractable sink/toilet, and a tele-screen which also functioned as a computer. All dining was done in cafeterias. In fact, most activity took place outside the 'home', which a person only occupied half his nights. This will be explained later.

The standard greeting between members of the opposite sex was a kiss, and between same sex individuals, an embrace. Heterosexuality was prevalent and acceptable enough that a man could refuse intimate contact from another man and not violate norms, but refusing an offer of sex from a woman was a serious crime which could land a man in re-education.

Of course, since not everyone was equally blessed with looks or grace, it is inevitable that some people become more popular than others. A variety of entertainers (Musicians, Artists, Derbyball players) existed in the Colonies, some reaching celebrity status. To ensure some level of equal access of all to all, night visits were done by reservations. If a person desired someone in particular, he could enter her name on the telescreen and book a night with her in advance. He could only do this once a week. All other appointments were random. The females did likewise, choosing one man a week to visit during the night.

Visits were alternated by gender. One night, all the women would stay in their rooms to be visited by men. The next, the women would leave their rooms to visit the men. One was locked out of his/her room half of the time, and could only sleep in other people's beds. The other half of the time, that person would share his/her bed with a stranger. Every room's door was only accessible through a fingerprint or retina scan, to limit unwanted visits and intrusions. You could only enter your room (during the day or during the nights you stayed at home) or the room of the person you're assigned the night with.

The New Man had a much higher libido than today's schlub, but was correspondingly less fertile. Contraception was prohibited and no one knew their fathers. The Colony's mega-database kept track of such things and prevented incest. The pregnant and women on their periods were still available for nightwalking, as oral and anal sex were completely normalized. Painkillers and lubricant could be delivered to their rooms with the click of a button.

CHAPTER ONE

--Randis--

Randis XE-606 woke up from his thermobed to the familiar blue and orange of his room's atmospheric simulator. Around him, the OLED walls swirled with grey clouds and dim lights to mimic the dawn, while his bed underneath vibrated in an unpleasant, but not unbearable, pattern. A feminine yawn arose from his side.

"It's time to get up already? Oh gosh, I'm still pretty tired," groaned a voice from underneath a tangled mess of red hair. The two of them didn't do a lot of sleeping last night.

Randis' stomach growled. He would have to shower before breakfast to avoid offending anyone with the stench of sex and sweat. No doubt, the redhead was thinking the same thing.

"Honey, you thrust really hard into me last night. My pussy's all sore today."

"Just head over to the pharmacy, they'll fix you up with Douche-balm, uh..."

"Marxa FO-329. It's okay, I don't learn guys' names either. Wanna head over to the showers?"

"Yeah, let's go."

Randis hit the light switch, turning off the fake sky, before the two left the room. After this, Marxa wouldn't be able to enter his room again without him. 

The two held hands as they entered the corridor between the domeciles. Hundreds of people were starting to get up and walk to the showers, of all shapes and sizes. It was a vast hodgepodge of skin colors and body types, though none of them would bat an eye.

Randis was a reasonably attractive male within this crowd. He had well-set, masculine features, stood at a taller-than-average 5'8'', and had an attractive amount of chest hair. Women liked a slightly older-looking man, though everyone retained most of their youth thanks to genetic alterations and hormonal therapy. Everyone had working telomerases throughout their lives, so their cells always remained young. 

The only signs of age were those that were not linked to bodily deterioration: the growth of body hair, the face's changes in shape, and some baldness, which was actually seen as contributing positively, some amount of physical variety in men.

Randis himself was thirty-eight, but his muscles, bones and organs were still at their peak. He still had more than half his life to live before his programmed death at 70, and he was enjoying every minute of it. He was about to take a shower with his 18 year old partner from last night, and then it was off to the cafeteria, where he would flirt with some different girls for day sex.

The communal showers were a veritable sea of people and flowing water. This one held a capacity of a thousand, though only a couple hundred were occupying it now. From one tiled wall to another were men and women with all the hues and shades of skin and hair imaginable. Every 'race', if one could still conceive of the idea, was represented there, and every mixture in between. Everyone was paired up with their partner from last night except for the occasional unfortunate soul who showered alone, and the lucky man with multiple women around him. That was a breach of courtesy, but not rules.

There were several rows of pipes and spigots for individual use, but during 'shower hours' the room was so packed that these were turned off, and water instead came from the ceiling, like rain. The din and rush were tremendous. Randis and Marxa just squeezed themselves into a spot between a large, dark-skinned man fingering a tiny blonde girl who only stood up to his chest, and two pretty boys who were washing each other's dicks. Such sights were common; testosterone rose higher in the morning, after all. Marxa offered to help the boys out, but they gently refused her.

"They're lucky I'm reporting them," she grumbled, before turning to Randis, who had his eyes on an Asian-looking girl ten feet away. "Hey, I'm feeling frisky here," she reminded him. Randis absent-mindedly fondled her breasts and dipped into her honeypot. The water abruptly stopped. Everyone stopped playing with each other.

SOAP CYCLE IN 3...2...1...

"Close your eyes!" Marxa chirped.

Everyone scrunched their eyes shut and turned their heads down as hair and body wash dripped from the ceiling's spinning soap jets. Foamy, bubbly soap squirted down haphazardly in a swirling pattern, hitting the tallest people first, dripping down and splashing onto everyone below. You learned quickly during your juvenile years not to get it in your eyes, but most people covered their faces with their hands so as to not breathe it in, either.

SOAP CYCLE FINISHED. APPLY VIGOROUSLY

This is where the fun really took off, as it was basically a grope-fest. Everyone would scrub each other altruistically, leaving the job of cleaning themselves to someone else, usually a complete stranger. Girls would present their breasts and buttocks for grabbing while they in turn would wash the men's sausages. If you were standing next to some flailing idiot, this is the time when you're most likely to get soap in your eyes.

Having a strange girl's gentle hands on your soapy cock and balls was a pleasant sensation, but you'd break social etiquette if you came in the shower. Some nymphos did walk around, however, jerking men off to completion, treating shower time as an opportunity to catch as much cum on their chests as possible. Marxa was one of those girls, and she already left to find a circle of men to surround her.

Randis didn't mind as he was busy sliding his soapy erection between the golden-tan thighs of some platinum blond girl. He didn't even have to ask; she was happy to have company down there as she held a boner in each hand. The two gentlemen were returning the favor by scrubbing her arms and washing her hair. Randis waited for the shower to resume, so he could wash the soap off his dick and enter her. In the meantime, he was politely cleaning her back for her. A pair of feminine ebony hands was already behind him, scrubbing his abs and pecs.

RINSE CYCLE ON

The torrent resumed, washing away everyone's dirt and soap. The hands on Randis' nipples lowered and started wiping the soap off of Randis' erection. The girl in front of him had already begun stuffing her mouth with both her friends' cocks when he planted his hands on her hips and spread her cheeks apart.

"Mff!" Luckily she was already aroused, or else it would have been painful to insert his rod into her during a shower.

The black hands that were previously caressing Randis suddenly slipped a finger into his ass. "GOD-"

"Don't forget about me," said the owner of those hands.

Frazzled, and a bit aroused at her impudence, Randis withdrew from the platinum blond's tight pussy, handing her to one of the men she was blowing. "Thanks," said the man, as he turned the girl around and took Randis' place inside her, as his friend was nursing his erection between her jaws.

Randis turned to face the obsidian beauty behind him, glancing at her face only a brief second before he plopped the berries of her breasts inside his mouth. He had to thank her for cleaning him so well, after all. She knelt down and eagerly stuffed his penis into her own mouth, tasting what was left of the albino girl's pussy on his dick after it was exposed to a torrent of water. Her full lips literally made short work of his erection, and she stood back up with a mouthful of cum.

"Woah. It's usually never this quick," Randis blushed.

"Sure it isn't," the onyx-eyed vixen teased.

Feeling both a sense of duty and wounded pride, Randis blurted "Give me your name! I'll prove it some time this week."

"Xandra HG-621. Gotta hurry. I'm booked," she said temptingly.

The water stayed on just long enough for everyone to finish cleaning themselves and trade names, if they wanted.

The mass of individuals walked out of the showers single file into a long corridor filled with giant fans lining the walls, floor and ceiling, blow-drying everyone with warm air. Beyond this was another giant room, filled with mirrors and grooming equipment. Most men and women separated by sex at this point, since the girls needed more time to brush their long hair.

Breakfast in the cafeteria was a generally brief affair, lacking the socialization of lunch and dinner, though some fraternization took place. People were more interested in getting their meals, which were perfectly balanced for nutrition and energy.

Randis took his tray and waited in line to receive his mealpack, a light sealed container of food, and nutri-milk, a beverage fortified with all the necessary vitamins and minerals. He took his usual purple extra-large pack, with extra protein, and sat at a table full of twenty-something girls. Randis had a much higher sex drive than other men, and even other women. There were 10,000 women on this floor, and he had already slept with over half of them, as well as several hundred women on the floors above and below.

"Mind if I sit here, ladies?" he said as he already sat down. He knew by the way they were eyeballing his big, floppy weiner, that they would already say yes.

"Sure!" came the expected response. Randis hooked his package on one of the table's slots, and pressed the 'cook' button. The package slowly started filling up with steam. After the little beeper sounded, he undid the seal, letting the air out to reveal a cooked protein patty and a big, fluffy carbo- biscuit. He wrapped the former with the latter and ate it like a hot dog, taking sips of his nutri-milk in between bites. The girls couldn't help but admire his appetite and how he just chowed it all down. Their protein patties were sausage shaped, and their biscuits more like big cookies, and they didn't eat nearly as much. He must exercise a lot to stay in the shape he did.

"Randis, XE-606," he introduced himself plainly. Asking someone for his last five was a clear sign of interest. Giving away your last five means you're confident that people will look you up. Luckily his code was easy to remember due to its assonance. He could see the girls' faces as they tried to memorize his name. They wasted no time giving him theirs, though he didn't bother remembering any of them.

"Yanda ZY-919."

Except a certain green-eyed girl with mousy brown hair. Something about her caused him to study her features a bit more closely. She was certainly beautiful, like hundreds of other women on this floor, but something in her eyes hid something else. Her eyes blinked and dilated as she studied his face closely in return.

"You look really familiar, have we met before?"

"I don't think so. But you look familiar too," Randis struggled to remember if he had seen her somewhere before. He would have to come home later and check his history on the tele-screen. 

The tip of his exposed penis touched the cold underside of the metal table.

"Yow!" He scooched away, discovering he had an erection. Desensitized as he was, new girls never got him hard just on mere sight alone. Yanda blushed and her friends laughed at the two of them.

"Maybe you two should hook up! After me, of course," one of the saucier blondes chuckled as she leaned on Randis and kissed his cheek.

"What were you planning on doing today?" asked one of the girls.

"Going for a swim, then jamming with my Synth-band."

"You play? What instrument?"

"The Swarmer. Just with my friends, you know?"

"Hey no kidding, Yanda plays the Swarmer too!"

"I'm not that good," the brunette admitted shyly.

"Nonsense! We should jam with your band! Yanda, I mean. The rest of us could be your groupies!"

Randis decided to ditch the swimming session to introduce Yanda and her three friends to his mates in their reserved jam hut, one of the interest rooms in the floor's massive recreation wing. The adventurous girls were excited to meet musicians, and started taking their seats in the middle of the floor.

"This is Tubal, he plays the Continuum, Nefrit with the Percussioner, and Shangtee with the Eigenharp. My Swarmer's over there in the corner."

There were four hammock-pads, suspended from the ceiling around a center hookah. Nefrit pulled out a small sack of Psychedelic jelly beans, handing each girl a fluorescent-patterned bean, and two to Randis so he could catch up with the other jammers.

The artists each took a vaporized Delirium hit from the hookah, to relax their bodies and make their moods more conducive to music. The jelly beans temporarily dissolved the ego, allowing them to send electroencephalic signals from their brains to their instruments without the filter of subjectivity. It also allowed a person to maintain an erection after a dozen orgasms.

The girls, also high on beans, each mounted an artist and began started an organic rhythm with their hips, each girl bucking in unison. With the beat established, it only took a little while for the musicians to find each other's melody and harmonize.

Yanda stared into Randis, her green irises almost eclipsed in the black sea of her dilated pupils. He stared back into her pools, seeing them as a black window into space. He stepped through her eyes into space, rising above the green Earth, filling the room with the uplifting sounds of his Swarmer. Her tight canal gently milked his shaft, squeezing out his worries and cares.

The other players grokked with his astral journey, unaware that it was inspired by a woman. They added in their celestial tunes, each one reflecting a mind's expansion and transcendance from earthly limits. The symphony rose from Earth until it vanished as a small speck of dirt, until only the humming stars could be discerned. Every instrument emitted a low vibration. Likewise, all the girls had ceased their thrusting, and grasped their partner's poles with their quivering pussies.

Harmonized by positivity, each member was confident to take his instrument to new heights, filling the room with sweeping arpeggios of different speeds. The girls resumed their motions to her master's tempo, enslaved by his rhythm. Everyone reached the first orgasm, which was quickly followed by two more in this heightened state of ecstasy.

Randis' penis was Yanda's only anchor to the world, and she clenched it tightly like one would a rope to save from drowning, only she wanted to drown. She gripped and squeezed with every thrust, trying to prevent his penis from escaping her deepest reaches, yet she needed him to leave so he could re-enter her, bringing in new waves of pleasure upon arrival. This tug and pull, the pain of separation and the ecstasy of union, introduced a duality to her partner's mind. Minor chords started dotting the musical landscape, introducing darkness and sadness to the euphoria of the major chords until both were in balance with each other. Life and death played an eternal game of chase, and light and darkness gave existence to each other.

Randis' mind was filled with a contemplative mood, and his Swarmer dropped out of the harmony, letting the others continue as a Triad. He looked around the room, seeing his friends playing their instruments while being ridden by pixies. Nefrit's girl was slowly cradling her hips back and forth, while Tubal's bounced on him in short, staccato bursts. Shangtee's blonde nymph was slamming him so loud the noises of their genitals clapping together could be picked out from the music. Yet none of them were in discord with each other despite the fact they were engaged in separate acts of lovemaking with their own levels of passion.
