 Content: Mostly F/m but some m/m in the last chapter.

*****

Chapter 1 – Enslaving their boyfriends

Daphne pulled her car into the parking space and marvelled at the Gynarchic Alliance male processing facility that occupied the square mile of countryside. Ones just like it had been built all over the world. Gina, her best friend since they had started together at university just two years ago, got out of the passenger side door. She looked into the back of the car and clicked her fingers at the two males there, who were in no rush to be processed. Today was the day that they would truly become slaves of the Gynarchic Alliance. 

Gina looked impatiently at her boyfriend Craig and tapped her foot. He reluctantly got out of the car, into the cold winter air. He was 6'3" to her 5'4", but the small redhead was clearly in charge. Daphne, a taller blonde with iridescent green eyes, leaned down to the rear door and spoke to her boyfriend Danny.

"Danny, there's no getting away from this. Come on, Danny, get out of the car. Think how much worse it could be Danny. We get to go home together, you get to live with me and Gina and Craig. You're not like one of these unclaimed males who just gets auctioned off."

"Damn it, Daphne, how can you do this to me? I'm a man, not a slave!"

"You're a man under the rule of the GA. Same difference. If you don't get out of this car RIGHT NOW I will be very, very angry with you."

Danny hesitated for a few more seconds and then emerged from the car. He sheepishly moved to stand next to Daphne, who at 5'9" was only two inches shorter than the boy she had been dating for the past year. The girls took the boys hands and led them in towards the main entrance. Other couples of men and women made their way in at the same time, some in their late teens or early twenties like Daphne, Gina, Danny and Craig, others much older. 

One group caught Gina's eye: two forty-something women with two eighteen year old males. Gina guessed, correctly, that this was a son-swap. The two women had swapped their sons, friends since their youth, making each the slave of the other woman. Gina thought the boys had a gleam in their eyes. Perhaps the situation suited them.

Daphne led the four of them through the main doors and into a spacious foyer. The foyer was filled with noise, with alien women trying to organise the chaos, and with stark naked, collared male slaves of all manner of species. 

"I think we've died and gone to heaven," said Gina. 

Daphne laughed and looked around to see how the boys were handling this. Craig was still holding Gina's hand and seemed resigned to the situation. Danny was having more trouble. He spun round, again and again, as he took in males walking but held on leashes, males crawling on all fours, males in harnesses made to pull carts like ponies, males giving females massages, a trio of males doing a pole dancing demonstration, even one male being spanked across a receptionist's knee. 

Danny turned for the entrance and tried to bolt. Two big, uniformed female security guards blocked his way. They were idly tapping truncheons on their legs, ready to strike at the first sign of male violence. Danny turned to the side, looking for a way out – another guard came into view. 

"Danny!" snapped Daphne, "You're embarrassing us!"

"Daphne, please! I don't want to become some kind of dog or a messed up pony. I just want to go home."

An alien nurse strode up to them. "If you don't want to be a pet, young man, then you have nothing to worry about. All these petmales you see around you wanted this. It makes them happy. And it makes their owners happy. What's wrong with that?"

"How could they want this?!"

"Deep down, I mean, deep down. We just helped them bring it all out. Look how happy they are."

Danny looked at the petmales, as they crawled on all-fours, many sporting tails that seemed to be part of their bodies. They were all obviously enjoying themselves as they barked, ran and played. Danny noticed that every male wore a cock-cage, even the petmales whose hands were encased in tough mitts, turning them into paws. How was that fair? But still, he had to admit, they didn't seem to mind.

The nurse looked to Daphne. "Is he yours?"

"He's mine, yes. I'm Daphne, this is Danny. I'm sorry about this – he's terrified of what you'll do to him."

"Well, I can give you a sedative for him," the nurse pointedly didn't ask Danny for his consent, "or you can see how things go. Alternatively, we could restrain him right now."

"Don't I get a say?" asked Danny.

The nurse silenced him with a look. "No. Get used to it."

Danny stood in shocked silence. Daphne spoke, "Will the sedative make him forget anything that happens today?"

"Perhaps a little," said the nurse.

"Then no, just restrain him please."

"Of course!" 

With that, the nurse motioned to the team of security guards. The burly women pounced on Danny, pinning his arms behind his back and cuffing them there, then hobbling his struggling feet together on a one-foot chain. Daphne looked over to Gina and Craig. Gina beamed at the sight of the naked, enslaved males all around them. Craig was staring around in wonder. So this was his life now. He already thought Gina was a goddess. Now he supposed that was really coming true.

"Will you do as you're told?" said Gina to Craig.

"I guess so," said Craig.

"You guess so, what?"

Craig lowered his voice, "I guess so, Mistress Gina."

"That's right. And don't mumble."

"Sorry, Mistress Gina," said Crag a little louder. 

Daphne hadn't realised how much more progress Gina had made with Craig than she had with Danny in the months since the GA had invaded Earth. Clearly there was some catching up to do. Administrators came around and took Gina and Daphne's details, asking them to register their new property so it could be processed. It took the girls a few seconds to realise they meant their boyfriends. Each girl filled out all the necessary forms and handed them back. They were anxious to get the males processed and take them home.

There were a few more minutes to wait until all details could be checked. The two women in their forties who had given each other their sons to be their personal slaves flagged down one of the administrators.

"Excuse me," said one of the voluptuous women, "but our slaves seem overdressed. We only gave them clothes today because it's so cold outside."

"I thought they looked uncomfortable," said the administrator. "By all means, have them disrobe now if you like. Do you want to keep the clothes or would you like us to dispose of them?"

"These are their last set – we got rid of the rest. Can you dispose of them in front of the boys? I think they should see it happen."

"By all means!" the administrator said, flagging down a male slave and having him return with a mobile recycling unit on a cart. The slave primed the machine and bowed to the administrator. "This will reduce their clothes to their component atoms," said the administrator. "Just throw the clothes in the top there."

The older women pointed at the boys' clothing and then at the recycler. The boys jumped into action. Gina admired them as they took off their tops to reveal lean frames with a little muscle showing. They wasted no time in removing the rest, stripping down to their boxers. One of the males caught Gina's eye as she waited for the final reveal and hesitated.

The boy's owner spoke to him, "What do bad boys get?"

"Goddess. Bad boys get spankings," he said, then quickly removed his boxers. 

"Good boy. And what don't bad boys get?

"Bad boys don't get strapon, Goddess," he said, blushing.

"Correct. Now dump all those clothes in that recycler and watch them go." 

The male did as told, looking at the jeans and t-shirt as they melted into paste. Gina's eyes were fixed on his cock. It was long and thick, just like the other male he'd come in with. Both had had their pubic hair shaved off, and each already had their penis locked in a steel chastity cage. Their new owners had the boys stand with their legs apart and hands on heads. Gina could see that they must get spanked a lot – their backsides were black and blue. Clearly though, the discipline had worked. They were already broken to the female will.

Gina looked at Craig, who begged her with his eyes not to have him strip there and then. She smiled, shook her head, whispering into his ear to calm him. It wasn't time for that just yet. She wanted to have Craig take off his clothes for the last time at the same moment Danny did. They would all be living together soon, and she wished for the two slaves to be forged at the same time, so that they could be brothers of a sort.

Daphne stood with her bound boyfriend Danny. She corrected herself – not her boyfriend, her slave. It was jarring to think of him as her property rather than her equal, but she was quickly getting used to the thought. Daphne and Gina drifted round the atrium with their boys, as more and more men and women flooded in. A few of the new males arriving were already naked. A few were even leashed and collared, though they would be issued with new, permanent steel collars once processed. 

Daphne and Gina passed the time watching a pole dancing demonstration. Three naked human males swung their lithe bodies around the poles in time to music. Each had been completely stripped of all body hair below their heads, and lightly oiled. Daphne guessed they must be in their mid-twenties. Their cocks were free and uncaged, so that they could rub their erections up and down the poles. The males seemed to belong to a trio of alien women standing to one side. Only one of the women wore clothes – the others were naked, held on leashes by the clothed woman. 

Daphne took Danny over and spoke to them, "Are these males yours?"

The clothed woman, tall and imperious, gave a thin smile, "They belong to me and my subwives. I'm Dialla, by the way. Pleased to meet you." 

"I'm Daphne. Did you teach them to dance?"

"Oh yes. We wanted to show how easily Earth males can be taught new tricks once they're properly deprogrammed from your patriarchal ways. Look at the one on the right." She pointed to a slim white boy with long blonde hair. "He was a bank manager six weeks ago. The other two were manual labourers. Now they'll be one of the attractions in my travelling show: Males of the Galaxy."

"Is it in town? How much does it cost?"

"Yes, we're in the city, you know. We're here for a month. And my dear, it doesn't cost anything. Money is a thing of the past. Just book a ticket and show up – simple as that."

"We will! But I need to get Danny settled into his new life first."

"Perhaps you could get him a pole?" said one of the subwives.

"Perhaps I will! But we'd need two. My friends Gina and Craig are moving in with us too."

"Is Gina your girlfriend?" asked Dialla

Daphne was floored. What was Gina going to be? There had always been a spark between them, but each had found a boyfriend early on and nothing ever came of it. Now the boys were going to be slaves, would they be 'in a relationship' anymore? Could you really have a relationship with someone you owned?

Dialla looked curiously at Daphne. "I keep forgetting it's all so new to you Earth-women. You can have all kinds of relationships and households in our society. No need to put a label on it. Though you can. Take my subwives, for example. We three are all married to each other, but I'm the legal head of household. My subwives crave my dominance, and I their submission. They legally contracted into marriage with me for five years."

Gina had drifted over. "Is that why they don't wear clothes?"

"In a sense, yes. The right to clothing is one of the things they gave me the right to decide for them. I often let them wear something, but today I wanted them nude."

"Don't they get cold?"

"No, we all have nanites. You'll be offered them too. Keep you warm in any weather – marvellous technology. I highly recommend them. I could walk naked to the Arctic and not feel a thing. Ah, but I think the show is coming to an end."

The music slowed to a stop and the dancing males finished their show. They made their way to the front of the stage and stood close together, their bodies touching in a line. They bowed low, several times over, their hands on each other's taut backsides. Then they dropped to hands and knees and crawled to Dialla and her subwives. The subwives busied themselves leashing the slaves and putting their cocks back in cages. 

The youngest subwife took the leashes and praised the boys, who she had remain crawling. "Good slaves. Good boy, Sprite. Good boy, Spin. Good boy, Star. Keep this up and I'll let you cum soon." She led them away. Daphne and Gina were awestruck. They'd never even thought about renaming their boys. 

A buzzer sounded clear across the atrium and the Gynarchic Alliance staff began to herd the males, and their soon-to-be owners, into the processing centre itself. A large group of guards flanked them on either side. A few males ran, but each was hit with a shock stick and then restrained. Daphne helped Danny shuffle forward in his restraints, while Gina held Craig's hand firmly. He knew there was no escape now. He had heard that the GA could do something to your mind to take away the shame of being a slave. He desperately wanted to get to that part of the day.

The nurses and guards led the human men and women through to a large changing room. The lead nurse spoke, "Males, remove all of your clothes please and place them in the recyclers coming round. For those women whose males resisted, we are handing out shears. Please cut off your male's clothes."

Gina looked at Craig's still-clothed body and tapped her foot. He began to take off his clothes, taking each one and letting it fall into the nearby recycler, where it became component atoms. Meanwhile, Daphne took up her shears and sliced off Danny's shirt, then his jeans, removed his socks and left him standing in just his boxers. Gina had Craig pause when he'd stripped down to just his boxers as well. Gina looked at Craig and pointed her finger firmly down: off with those. Simultaneously, Daphne cut away Danny's boxers. 

Both boys stood naked before the other. Gina shooed Craig's hand away from his genitals, not wanting him to cover up. All around them, newly naked males stood, comfortably or uncomfortably. Danny and Craig looked each other over. They guessed that they should get used to the sight. Each had an average sized cock, and a mass of pubic hair. Gina thought Danny had a great bottom, and Daphne particularly liked Craig's fit, toned legs. 

Once the last of the males was naked, they were led through towards a large room of showers. It was warm, almost oppressively so, and humid. The tiles gleamed – slavemales regularly scrubbed it spotless. Each male was guided to a set of wrist shackles hanging from the ceiling, then locked in. The shackles winched up as soon as they were closed, holding the naked males with their arms raised high. Every woman admired the sight.

More nurses appeared with trolleys carrying pots of green goo. They instructed the women to put on gloves then take the pots of goo and rub them in anywhere they didn't want their males to have hair. Most of the body was optional, but it was legally required that slaves have no pubic hair.

Gina took the goo and ran it all over Craig's body. She wanted him as depilated as he could be below the head. Using an applicator, she carefully put gel where his beard and moustache grew. She stood back to admire her handiwork, and watched as Daphne did the same to Danny. Daphne wanted to get rid of all the troublesome little hairs that sprouted here and there on Danny's body. She put gel on each and every one. 

Once every male had been gelled, the women, nurses and guards left the room and looked in through a long two-way mirror. The males were left to let the gel do its work for two minutes. Each felt the heat rise on every part of their body that had been gelled. Just as it felt like their skin was starting to burn, jets of water burst forth from nozzles all around the room. The women laughed and giggled as the mens' pubic hair was washed away in an instant, never to return.

Now that the depilation was done with, the males and females were split up. To the women, the alien medical staff promised that they could pick up their processed, deprogrammed males the next afternoon. Every woman was now offered nanites of their own. These would care for their bodies, warm them or cool them, cure diseases and heal injuries. Every woman accepted them readily. Then, the women were invited to attend a slave-owner orientation course. Daphne and Gina decided to go along. They had a lot to learn about owning men.

From the depilation chamber, the men were led in line to a medical bay. Each was ordered, or forced, to sit in an examination chair. The chairs sprouted restraints, wrapping around the men's wrists, legs and torsos, but leaving their heads free. Hyposprays of control nanites were brought out, and injected into each man. The nanites immediately got to work multiplying, fixing problems, and getting ready to form restraints. These nanites could sense violent intent and prevent it, rendering the males totally unable to resist their enslavement.

Doctors, nurses and medical students flooded the room. Every last one was female, from a great many species. Some wore full medical uniforms, while others were practically naked. A young-looking medical student came over to Craig. She wore nothing except a white coat, which fell open to expose her shaved pussy and perky breasts. She smiled as Craig's eyes drank her in, then injected him with a truth serum.

Craig's head swam and waves of relaxation and euphoria washed over him. 

The half-naked medical student addressed him, "Craig, be calm. Address me as 'miss'" 

"Yes, miss", he murmured. 

"I will ask you many questions. Tell me the complete truth. Do not lie. Good boys tell the truth." 

"Yes miss." 

"What do good boys do, Craig?" 

"Tell the truth, miss." 

"That's right Craig. You are a good boy and you will tell me the truth."

With the boilerplate over, the medical student launched into the proper questioning. In the early days of the GA takeover, they had exclusively processed volunteer males. Such good boys had volunteered to submit themselves to the GA's rule, to be taken and processed into the slaves they wanted to be. Now, though, it was just chance as to whether the males started out believing in the rightness of female rule.

The medical student looked over at the two eighteen-year-old males who had been son-swapped by their mothers. She could tell from the smiles of the medical staff that they were saying all the right things under the truth drug. They were under no illusions that males could be superior. Such good boys, she thought, getting a little wet at the thought of their new lives. She turned back to Craig, and saw that the truth drug was now well in effect. She took up her tablet and opened up the submissiveness survey form.

"Do you believe in the superiority of women?"

"I am beginning to, miss."

The medical student ticked a box. This one had some potential.

"Can a man be superior to a woman?"

"I .. don't know how to answer, miss."

"Take your time. How could a man be superior?"

"By dominating a woman through force."

"Should a man do that?"

"No!"

"Good boy."

"Do you wish to serve women?"

"I wish to serve Mistress Gina."

"What about women generally? Do you wish to serve women generally?"

"I don't know, miss." The medical student put a cross in a box. 

"Do you want to make Mistress Gina happy?"

"Yes, miss!"

"Good boy. We will now cover your likes, dislikes, wants and needs." 
