 Sam returned to the Garden of Eden the same day that she had awoken after her insanely realistic wet dream caused by a demo version of one of its products, the Fantasy Kit: Bisex Edition. However it was made and whoever made it, it had turned her night's sleep into some kind of sex simulation. Not that Sam had anything to complain about, she loved the experience, but there was one matter to sort out: her sex partner in the simulation had been Eve, the Garden of Eden's clerk and shopkeeper, or at least some version of her. When Sam returned to the store, she hadn't bothered putting on her usual baggy clothing she wore whenever she visited sex shops. Instead, she wore jeans, high-heeled boots, a t-shirt and a jacket. When she entered, she did so much easier than the previous time, having seen what was in there. This time, however, Eve wasn't at the till, but Sam could hear moaning coming from the back room.

"Hello," Sam called out.

"Come in," Eve moaned, "I'll be right with you."

"What are you doing in there?"

"What do you think?"

"After last week, I find it hard to imagine you being the slightest bit shy."

"I'm not, but you might be offended."

Sam started walking towards the room.

"What the hell are you doing in there?"

When she entered, Sam froze. On top of a red bed was Eve, completely naked except for thigh-high black leather boots with heels, riding some guy. She had apparently dyed her hair since yesterday, because it was now brown instead of blonde. Her tits were bouncing and her pussy was running, even with a huge cock inside it. When Eve opened her eyes again, she stopped for a second when she saw Sam whose eyes and mouth were open with shock. She then started riding again, acting as though nothing special was going on:

"I've been expecting you," she said. "How was the Kit?"

Sam wasn't able to utter a word.

"You can watch or wait outside, but I'm in too deep to turn this into a threeway."

Eve then started riding even faster as her orgasm built up. She closed her eyes again and suddenly threw her head backwards and screamed as she climaxed. Sam couldn't bear to watch anymore, not out of horror, but horniness, and left.



When she got out, she leaned onto the counter and breathed deeply to calm herself down. Eve was still in the process of putting on her usual black robe when she joined her.

"Sorry about that," she said, "but I'm the kind who finishes what I start. There are few things that turn me off more than interrupting sex."

"What are you, an addict?"

Eve smiled.

"No, the term 'addict' implies that I can survive without it. I need sex as much as humans need oxygen."

"Aren't you human?"

"Well, I have a human body and a human brain so, yes, I suppose I am. I simply have somewhat more powerful cravings and a few handy skills. Right now, for instance, I can sense that you just were highly aroused, but you're trying to cool down. Your heart rate, blood flow and production of other chemicals went straight up, but are going down. Here."

Eve placed her index finger on Sam's forehead, causing her to feel a vague, sudden cold across her body. Her excitement passed away instantly.

"How did you do that?"

"I can to some degree control sexual excitement. I cannot control feelings like love, hate or what turns people on, but I can increase all the physical traits of excitement. But enough talking," she said and clapped her hands together, "how was the Kit?"

"Yes, I wanted to talk about that. It was great, really, but there was one strange thing."

"Not what you expected?"

"I expected nothing, but the thing is, I dreamt I had sex with you."

Eve paused for a second, and then burst out laughing.

"What's so funny," Sam asked angrily.

"Sorry," said Eve as she paced herself, "but that has never happened before. The demo usually picks out someone the user has seen lately and finds attractive. It usually picks out a celebrity, a pornstar, someone from their past and, on a few more than a little bit disturbing moments, a relative, but I've never been picked."

"I didn't pick anything, it just sort of happened."

"Dreams are based on your subconscious, the Kit just provides it with guidelines and your body with sexual stimulation. I would lie if I said I'm not flattered."

"I'm happy for you. Anyway, I'd like to buy the full Kit."

"Come here then."

Eve led her into a small room with shelves covered with common cardboard boxes of different sizes.

"The Bisex Edition is just the tip of the iceberg of the varieties of the Kit. There is a Hetero Edition, Gay Male, Gay Female, BDSM and Fetish among others. And to all of them there are certain expansion packs."

Sam tried to listen, but was unable to take her eyes off of Eve's body, especially her ass. She remembered the dream the Kit had created. She had put on a strap-on and fucked it deeply. Suddenly, Eve turned, grinning widely.

"So that's what you're here for?"

"I'm sorry?"

"You dreamed of fucking my ass and you came here hoping to see the real deal?"

"Yes," Sam admitted awkwardly.

"Relax, you have nothing to be ashamed of. You know what you want and you seek it out."

She placed her hand on Sam's cheek and looked deeply into her eyes.

"I see I looked different in your dream."

She stepped back and let her robe fall to the floor.

"Was it more like this?"

Suddenly, Eve's her turned red, her breasts grew bigger and her ass rounder, just like in the dream. Somehow, her boots seemed to expand a bit as well. Sam was taken aback and almost staggered.

"How the hell did you do that?"

"I told you," Eve said as she approached her slowly, "just a useful skill."

She suddenly moved in and gave her along kiss, their tongues touching. Sam responded lustfully and grabbed her tits. Eve grabbed her wrists.

"Easy, girl," she whispered, "I am going to fuck you if you want me to. Do you?"

"Yes."

"Say it."

"I want to fuck you," Sam whispered.

"I want to fuck you too, but not here."

She took her hand and led her through the shop and to a shelf in the back room. She grabbed a book in it, causing the whole shelf to slide aside like in a movie. The room inside was a kind of love dungeon with a thick red mattress, a large bed, a few mirrors, a TV screen the size of a double-bed and shelves covered with DVDs, vibrators, butt plugs, dildos, bottles of lube and a few other toys. There was also a small bathroom behind a corner with a shower.

"Welcome to your real dream."



Sam just looked around for a minute, amazed by the room. Eve said:

"You seem eager, so I thought I'd give you the full treatment."

"Doesn't this qualify as prostitution?"

"Only if I charge you with anything. This, I'll do just for fun and because I think you're hot. By the way, how do you like to undress? Slowly or all at once?"

"How does 'all at once' work with these clothes?"

"Like this."

Eve made a quick movement with her hand and suddenly all of Sam's clothes fell to the floor. She was shocked at first and made some vague attempts at covering herself, but then started lustfully stroking her erect nipples.

"You ready," Eve asked.

"Fuck, yes."

Eve led her to the bed. Sam crept to the middle of it, lay down on her back and spread her legs. Eve lay on top of her, embraced her and they made out for a moment, their tongues entwined in their mouths.

"You want it in your ass," Eve asked.

"Yes, please."

Eve moved downwards, licking and kissing Sam's body, until her mouth reached her pussy. She started out with slow upward moves, from the area between her anus and pussy, between the labia to her clit around which she made circular motions with her tongue before going back down and repeating. Sam was trying very hard not to pull her legs together to contain her pleasure, helped by Eve whose arms held them apart.

"You want me to lick your ass now," Eve asked.

"Mmm-hmm," Sam whimpered lustfully.

"Sorry, I didn't quite catch that," Eve teased her.

"Lick my ass, please."

"Good girl. Bend over."

Sam got on all fours and spread her legs. She felt the tip of Eve's tongue teasing her sphincter gently before she stuck it in a little.

"Fuck," Sam exclaimed, "that's good."

Eve's tongue kept swirling around.

"You like it?"

"I love it."

"Your ass tastes good."

"I wanna taste yours."

Eve stopped licking and turned around on all fours, her asshole exposed.

"Help yourself," she said.

Sam's tongue attacked her anus hungrily, enjoying its delightful taste.

"You're good," Eve said.

Sam licked all over her ass, starting from below and quickly moving upwards over and over again. She occasionally stopped to stick her tongue into it a bit. Suddenly, Eve moved forward and turned around.

"You want it fucked for real now," she asked eagerly.

"Yes," Sam whimpered.

"Bend over."

Sam obliged. Eve then thrust her tongue into her ass, but this time she kept it in there for seconds. Suddenly, Sam felt as though a long, thin snake was wriggling around inside her, tickling her pleasantly.

"What the hell was that," Sam exclaimed when Eve took her tongue out again.

"Just some deep recon to sense your physical preferences. I think I have just what you like."

Eve got off the bed, went to one of the shelves and picked up some black dildos of different shapes, colors and sizes, a bottle of lube, an orange pump-up dildo and a large, black strap-on.

"Most of these are to fit you, but the strap-on is for me as well."

She got on her knees behind Sam and picked the smallest dildo, which was fairly big anyway, and started applying lube on it.

"This is just to get you going."

Sam closed her eyes expectantly. She felt the tip of the dildo entering her anus. Another push made it go half-way in, causing her to whimper.

"Don't get ahead of yourself," Eve teased her, "I've just gotten started."

She wiggled it around inside Sam a few times before pulling it out and casually throwing it aside.

"That's it," Sam asked a bit disappointed.

"No, are you kidding?"

She grabbed a larger, turquoise, spiral-shaped dildo and put lube on it.

"That was just a warm-up."

She pushed the tip of the dildo into Sam's ass. She then twisted it clockwise a bit while pushing it in two inches, causing her to yelp. She pulled it out again and twisted it in a bit further, stretching Sam's asshole out. When it was pulled out again, Eve didn't twist it, the spiral pattern stimulating Sam's insides.

"Fuck, that feels good," she whimpered as waves of pleasant pain rippled from her ass.

Eve twisted the dildo all the way in and pulled it out again, repeating the motion over and over as Sam moaned and her pussy juices dripped onto the bed.

"You like that," she asked, "you like being fucked in the ass?"

"I love it, please don't stop," Sam pleaded.

"Sorry," Eve said before she threw the spiral dildo aside and picked up a common glass dildo, "but I want some pleasure too. I'm not gonna let you have all the fun."



Sam sat up, facing Eve.

"Do you want it in the ass too?"

"Absolutely," Eve said and assumed the doggystyle position. "Lick me first."

Sam started licking Eve's pussy, indulging in her sweet juices.

"Good girl," Eve said, "you like it, don't you?"

"You taste so good, I love it."

"I want it in the ass now."

Sam started putting lube on the glass dildo when Eve suddenly got up and picked up a string with twelve green anal beads slightly smaller than ping-pong balls.

"Bend over again."

Understanding what she was planning, Sam quickly got down on all fours and spread her legs. Eve put on a little lube on her asshole and placed a bead at it.

"How many do you want?"

"All of them. Just keep going unless I say stop."

Sam rested her Eve gently pushed the bead halfway in. When it suddenly plopped in, Sam's whole body jumped a bit and she yelped.

"One," Eve counted. "You count them now. And remember, if you lose count, I'll start over."

She pushed in another.

"Two," Sam said.

Another bead went in, pushing the other two further in.

"Three," Sam counted as Eve kept pushing them into her ass. "Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight."

By now, Sam's voice was whimpering whenever she counted.

"Nine. Ten. Eleven."

Eve paused for a second for suspense.

"How many did you say," she teased her.

"Eleven."

Eve pushed in the last one, causing Sam to make a small scream.

"Twelve," she cried out. "Twelve."

"That's right, twelve. How do you feel?"

As Sam turned around, she felt the beads stimulating her inside.

"Fantastic," she whispered lustfully.

Eve turned around and assumed the position.

"You may fuck my ass now. Anyway you like."

Sam picked up a black, massive dildo, about 17 inches long and 7 inches around, and lubed it up heavily as well as Eve's sphincter. When she placed the tip inside it, Eve seemed to recognize it immediately although she couldn't possibly have seen it from her position.

"You naughty girl," she said. "You want to see the 17-incher inside me?"

"Think you can take it?"

"I know I can, it's my favorite after having sex with people."

Sam pushed the dildo in two inches. Eve yelped as her ass was stretched out. Sam pulled it out and pushed it in two more inches. Eve gasped and clenched on to the blanket.

"Fuck, that's good!"

Sam shook her lower body gently to feel the ring at the end of the beads' string touching her inner thighs. She pulled the dildo out again and pushed it in deeper, causing Eve to scream out as a wave of pleasant pain spread across her ass.

"You're so horny, aren't you," Sam teased her.

"So much," Eve moaned as Sam pounded the dildo into her ass over and over again. When it had gone all the way in, Sam stopped and gently tickled her pussy.

"Stop it," Eve told her, "we're gonna come together."

Sam stopped.

"Just how long do you want to go on?"

"I'm gonna fuck you with an item unique to The Garden of Eden."

Sam looked among the pile of toys to look for a double-ended dildo.

"Which one is that?"

"The strap-on," Eve moaned, the huge dildo still completely inside her and preventing her from getting up. She felt as though her ass was gonna burst.

Sam looked at the strap-on and didn't notice anything strange about it.

"What's so special about it?"

"Look at the straps."

Sam looked and noticed two small, metallic black dildos attached to the inside of them, as though they were meant to be inside the person wearing them.

"Those stimulate the wearer while she fucks someone, just as though the dildo was sliding in and out of her. One of the small dildos is for the pussy, the other for the ass."

Sam carefully slid out the 17-inch dildo out of Eve who gasped and panted heavily with excitement as she turned around and embraced Sam. The two kissed long and deep, sharing their body heat with each other.



"I want to come now," Eve said, "and I know you want to as well."

She grabbed the ring at the end of the anal bead string and tugged at it playfully. She then picked up the strap-on, got on her knees and handed it to Sam.

"Put it on me."

Sam placed the straps on Eve where they were meant to sit, gently pushed one of the smaller dildos into her pussy and the other into her stretched-out ass. Eve adjusted the straps herself to make sure they sat comfortably. Satisfied, she told Sam:

"You know the drill."

Sam smiled and got down on all fours, the anal bead string still hanging from her sphincter.

"How do you want this," Eve asked. "You want me to pull out the beads first and then fuck you in the ass or do you want me to fuck your pussy while pulling them out on by one?"

"The second one."

Eve moved aside the string and placed the tip of the strap-on at Sam's soaking wet pussy. She was able to push it in very easily as her pussy had been dripping for so long that Eve asked herself 'Where does it all come from?'. Sam gasped with excitement as the dildo slid into her, filling up her pussy.

"That's it," she said.

Eve grabbed her ass cheeks, gently but firmly, and started fucking her harder. When she did, the small dildos made her feel as though she was fucking herself. She could actually feel huge cocks sliding into her pussy and asshole at the same pace that she fucked Sam. She grabbed the end of the string and pulled one of the beads out, causing Sam to utter a yelp between two moans.

"Do you want to count them," Eve asked, "or do you want me to?"

"You do it," Sam managed to say as pleasure rippled throughout her body. Eve kept fucking her as she grabbed the string and tugged at it a few times.

"That was one," she said.

She pulled out another.

"Two."

As she pulled them out, she speeded up her fucking, her voice becoming slightly shriller as the two of them approached a climax.

"Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven."

Both of them were barely able to breathe, their huge orgasm coming closer and closer. Their anuses and pussies were retracting almost simultaneously.

"I want to come now," Sam said lustfully.

"So do I," Eve muttered. "I'll pull out the remaining beads when you do."

She went in for the final dash. Sam's fists clenched on to the blanket as their bodies convulsed orgasmically and Eve pulled out the remaining beads. Finally, they screamed out when an explosion of pure pleasure flowed throughout their bodies. Everything blackened before Sam's eyes as the air left her lungs. Eve rode out their orgasms gently before sliding the dildo out of Sam, whose body lost all of its strength and collapsed. Eve took off the strap-on and shuffled it along with the other sex toys off of the bed onto the floor. She then lay down next to Sam in the spoon position. She made a quick hand movement, somehow causing the blanket to gently fall on top of them. Their bodies covered with sweat and pussy juices, Eve gently stroked Sam's skin and listened to her pant.

"This place sells a lot of things," she said softly, "but this feeling cannot be mass-produced. The heat of someone's body, the wonderful exhaustion from sex, these feelings and sensations."

"Why are you telling me this," Sam asked weakly.

"I'm telling you this, because I just sensed a few things in your mind. You wonder whether or not the Kit can replace real-life sex and you worry about your romantic future."

"I'm not really interested in anything long-term right now."

"Maybe not, but listen anyway. You are sexy and smart, but what you need to do is embrace your sexual preference. As far as the Kit is concerned, it's just a sex toy, a substitute for real sensations."

"How much is it?"

"25 bucks, 30 if you want a few expansion packs with it."

"Thanks, but I don't think I'll need it."

"I'm not surprised," Eve said and smiled. "It tends to have that effect on people. One might think of it as counter-productive, and it is, but it's better for the user."

"Do you even have any full versions?"

"Never in stock, but I can order them."

Eve got up and headed to the bathroom.

"I'm gonna take a shower. Want to join me?"

"No, thank you. Mind if I just rest here a while?"

"Not at all. I'll be working, but you know the way out."

She turned and started walking.

"Hey," Sam muttered.

"Hmm?"

"Thanks."

"Thank you, too."

As Eve turned on the shower, Sam lay back and found herself considering picking someone up for the first time in months.