 Note: I have read and reread my fist submission, and I believe that this a much better attempt. Reading the first part will explain some minor parts of the story, but this can also be read by itself and still make sense.

Again, comments and feedback are welcome, enjoy!



Ryan awoke to a frantic pounding on his door. He brought his fists to his face to rub the sleep from his eyes. Slowly he opened them, but was quick to reverse his action when sunlight streaming through his bedroom window caused them to burn.

"Ryan! You need to get up!" Came a muffled cry from behind his closed door.

"What's the sound?" A sleepy female voice from beside him asked.

Ryan looked in the direction of the voice and found a naked woman with long, brown hair laying on her stomach next to him. He looked down at himself and found that he too was naked.

What happened last night? was Ryan's first thought. Clearly he had sex with this naked woman, but he remembered neither meeting her nor taking her home, and certainly not what they did when they got there.

"That's it I'm coming in!" The muffled voiced warned, and the door burst open. "Oh for God's sake Ryan, didn't you get enough at the games" 

Apparently Shamus had noticed the naked girl still shaking sleep lying beside Ryan. 

"Good morning, Shamus" he said smiling sleepily.

"Ryan, you need to get up and get to the square, NOW" Shamus said, "or you'll miss your chance to sign up for a job and be shipped to the borders"

Instantly Ryan was out of bed and searching frantically around for a pair of robes. He had totally forgotten about the registration sometime during the previous night's festivities. Finding a pair of decently clean robes, he threw them on and headed for the door, but remembered his guest before he left and spun around to apologize/ say goodbye.

The girl was sitting up and her breasts were in full view. She was drop-dead gorgeous, and Ryan thanked whatever god was listening that she was not drunken mistake.

"Um, sorry I have to dash, I'm very late" Ryan apologized, "Shamus here will take care of you, sorry if I did anything stupid last night, I was uh clearly very drunk."

The girl smiled, "Not at all, I decided you were descent enough after my fourth orgasm."

Ryan let out a low whistle and shook his head in disappointment that he had been so drunk that he had forgotten what was, undoubtedly, mind-blowing sex. With a grateful glance at Shamus, Ryan ran out the door and down the stairs of his family home. 

He had inherited the house from his father, who had made a descent living as a tax collector for the king. It was a deplorable profession in Ryan's opinion, and when his father had passed away he decided to keep the house but give most of the money he inherited back to the people it was taken from. 

Ryan's father had never supported hiss training in magic, but allowed him to continue after seeing how his success made his mother proud. Being a magician herself, Ryan's mother wanted her son to grow up to follow in her footsteps. All his father wanted was for him to be a tax collector like himself, but Ryan would have none of it. He had a knack for the magical arts starting at a young age, and he made an impression on his instructors, often quickly mastering skills far beyond his years. This aptitude would have accelerated him through the ranks and he could have completed his training years early if he hadn't been so reckless with his power.

Always anxious to try new spells, Ryan would often attempt something still beyond his ability and on more than one occasion had seriously injured his fellow magicians-in-training. It was this carelessness that prevented him from advancing too quickly, and soon enough his peers caught up to him and his talents were lost in the crowd. 

Secretly, Ryan continued to practice spells well beyond his years, and he had revealed his true powers in the arena, proving to himself and, he hoped, others that he was an extremely powerful magician and would make a fine gladiator. 

Running fast, Ryan headed to the city square and prayed that he was not too late. He knew the streets of the city by heart having grown up there and he wove through them with skill, his robes billowing around him. Finally he reached his destination out of breath and saw to his joy that there were still a few people registering. Tables were set up all through the square and around the giant fountain with signs that advertised different kinds of jobs. Glancing around, he found the table that sported a sign reading 

"Glory, Honor, The Arena: Become a Gladiator...If You've Got What it Takes"

Smiling, Ryan walked up to the table and pressed his finger to the paper he found with a small list of names, causing his signature to appear where his finger had landed. Satisfied, he looked up at the person sitting at the table and was shocked at what he saw.

Before him sat the most magnificent woman he had ever seen. Her eyes matched the color of Ryan's, deep blue, and they shone at him from under heavy lashes. She had dirty-blond hair that hung low and strait over her small breasts that were accented by the garment she wore. Instead of the customary robes, the woman had on a top that only barely covered her breasts. It was black and strapless, held together by a gold, circular clasp in the front. It was more bra then shirt, and even less bra then most.

Her taught tan stomach was bare save a silver chain that was wrapped around her waist. Hanging from it was what looked like an obsidian pendent in the shape of a dragon. Ryan could see no more of her while she sat at the table, but what he saw made his cock twitch.

"I recognize you from the games."

The sound of her voice brought Ryan back to reality. He chastised himself for staring, and gave the woman what he hoped was a friendly smile.

"Really, how was I?" Ryan asked, finding himself hopeful she approved of his spectacle. 

"While it certainly was no gladiator contest, it was interesting. It certainly made my heart pound." The woman winked at Ryan, and he found himself blushing slightly and he was surprised by his reaction.

"Well, I'm glad you enjoyed the, eh, show," Ryan said, "I'm Ryan Mortalitus by the way." 

Still smiling at the woman, Ryan stretched his hand out for the girl to take. She returned the gesture, surprising Ryan with her firm handshake which contrasted her small, soft hands. 

"My name is Isabella, but everyone calls me Izzy," She offered, "and I'm the head trainer of the gladiators."

This news shocked Ryan, he would never suspect such a gorgeous woman to be the trainer of rough and tough gladiators. Clearly his surprise showed, and Izzy laughed warmly.

"Surprising, I know, but don't let my appearances fool you, I'm a hard taskmaster." Again she winked at Ryan.

Is she flirting with me? Ryan thought, but quickly dismissed it. He would never dream of sleeping with his soon to be drill instructor. It was silly, and there were plenty of other willing women who did not carry the same taboo as Izzy did. Still, the thought of bringing Izzy to blissful release caused Ryan's cock to stiffen a little.

"So can I expect you at the arena bright and early?"

Again, Izzy's voice brought Ryan back to reality.

"What? Yes, of course." Ryan flashed another smile.

"Okay then, I will see you tomorrow" Izzy smiled back, "don't be late or you'll have me to deal with."

"Doesn't sound all that bad" Ryan said, astounded to find himself flirting back.

With that, he turned to leave, not noticing the flash of arousal that flashed in Izzy's eyes. 

The man who had approached her had been the same man she watched with heated interest as he fucked his opponent in the arena the previous day. Watching him had made her pussy moisten with the thought of being in the girl's place, having his cock thrust into HER with such passion. When she saw him in the square, the beginnings of arousal hit her, and when he came to sign up, her lips were already wet with arousal. She could smell his masculine scent, and had nearly melted when she saw his blue eyes and his flashing smile. 

Clearly the man worked out, and her thoughts turned to the future and how he would look in the sun shirtless as he trained with the other gladiators. Again her arousal peaked, and it took all she had not to moan in front of him. Izzy decided that his cock would be inside her before the week was through, and she usually got what she wanted.

"Good list of recruits?" came a voice, and Izzy gasped at the sudden intrusion to her daydreaming.

The Director of Occupations stood before her, scanning the short list of recruits.

"Short, but I think they'll turn out to be fine gladiators." Izzy replied, hoping that she was right.

The city of Necros had not fared well in the recent past against the other cities in the region, and their reputation was taking a hit. Every year, new and eager recruits signed up to be gladiators, but every year most disappointed. The King, who resided in the city, was beginning to become embarrassed, and threatened to send the gladiators to the borders if their performance did not improve.

The Director had reached the bottom of the list, and nodded thoughtfully as he read the final name.

"Ryan Mortalitus." He mused aloud, "He put on quite an impressive show yesterday, don't you agree?"

"Very much so." Izzy replied, moistening at the memory of his cum soaking his opponent. 

"He shows great promise. Pay close attention to him, and see to it that he becomes a champion. That is, unless, you WANT your gladiators to be sent to the border."

"Yes, Sir, I agree, Ryan will be ready for the Games in four weeks time." Izzy assured, hoping she was right.

"See to it that he is." The Director said, placed the list of names back on the table, and turned to leave.

Seeing that the square had emptied, Izzy grabbed the list of names, and walked towards her home near the arena, placing a cloaking charm on herself to ward off any unwanted attention from the opposite sex. As she walked, the Director's threat echoed in her head, and she hoped that Ryan would live up to all her expectations, especially the physical ones. 

"I guess I'll find out tomorrow." She said with a sigh, and continued her walk home, using the looming arena as a guide.

The following morning found Ryan in the arena with half a dozen other men, awaiting the arrival of Izzy and the beginning of their training. Among the men, 2 wore red robes, 1 wore brown robes, and 3 wore black robes. This surprised Ryan. Black magicians were rare to begin with, and to have 3 sign up to be gladiators was even rarer. Usually those who practiced black magic moved to the palace and became apprentices to the king, becoming his own personal band of assassins. These assassins were utilized by the government to control the people and enemies to the king often disappeared in the night, showing up weeks later dead and mangled. Ryan never paid any attention to the politics of the country, understanding that as long as he kept his head down and never insulted the king in public, he would be safe. 

"Good morning, gentlemen"

Izzy's voice echoed through the stadium, and the men turned toward the source of it. She was walking towards them from behind, wearing the same attire she had worn the day before and Ryan noticed that what was hidden beneath the table the day before was a black skirt that came to just above the knees that was slit on both sides from the hem to the waste, showing off her tan thighs.

When Izzy neared, Ryan noticed that something wasn't quite right. The edges of her figure seemed blurry and parts of her seemed to faze in and out of focus. Had he been staring at just her gorgeous body (as the other men were doing) he would have missed that this was not the real Izzy.

After realizing this, Ryan whirled around to find a volley of black darts headed in their direction. Thinking fast, he cast a weak blocking spell and watched as the dart destined for him hit some invisible barrier and disappeared, and the other darts hit their marks. 

Four grunts of pain, and one undignified yelp greeted Ryan's ears and he smiled, knowing he had past some sort of test in never letting your guard down.

"A little cliché, don't you think?" Ryan mused out loud, knowing that Izzy was nearby and would hear him.

"But an important point to make" Her voice echoed through the stadium again.

Smoke began to rise from the ground, and soon a thick cloud of it billowed in front of the men, all now turned back around. Izzy stepped out of the smoke a moment later, and it disappeared.

"Even more cliché" Ryan shook his head, smiling.

Izzy smiled back at Ryan, but frowned at the rest of the group. 

"I'm surprised you survived your tests you morons." she said insultingly. "Never let your guard down in this arena, ever. You never know what someone might hurl at you from behind."

Ryan noticed the looks coming from the other gladiators, and noticed they weren't friendly. 

"You might want to get friendly with our friend Ryan." Izzy said, also noticing the looks of contempt. "He was the only one who managed to keep up his guard; you can learn something from him."

Ryan blushed with embarrassment; he had not come here to become teacher's pet. 

"Some of you met me yesterday, but for those who didn't my name is Izzy, and I will be your trainer." Izzy said with an air of authority. "It is my job to whip you sad excuses for magicians into fighting shape, both physically and mentally."

She was now pacing up and down the line, as if addressing an army before a battle.

"Our city has fared poorly in recent games, and the King has given us an ultimatum." Izzy's tone turned serious, "Either we start winning, or you all get sent to the border. So if I was you, I'd win or make sure I die in that arena."

She paused, letting the threat sink home. Looks of anxiety spread throughout the men, and a small squeal came from the end of the line, causing Izzy to snap her head in its direction.

"What the fuck was that?" She demanded, staring down a very small looking, orange-haired adolescent of roughly 18 years of age wearing red robes.

The boy could only manage a small squeak at the sight of such an intimidating woman baring done on him.

"What's your name, boy?" Izzy growled.

"E-e-echo." The boy managed after some difficulty.

"Echo, huh. Well, Echo, you look a little lost, small thing like you would never make it as a gladiator." Izzy teased.

Something stirred in the boy, and he managed to snap out with a hint of anger, "I'll make a better gladiator than any of these men."

His response elicited a roar of laughter from the men, but Izzy seemed almost impressed with the boy's nerve. She nodded, and stepped away from the boy.

"Show me." Was all she said.

With surprising confidence, Echo nodded and stepped forward. He surveyed the other men, and seemed to lose some of that confidence as they stared him down menacingly. Taking a shuddering breath, he closed his eyes and began to chant softly. Gradually his chanting became louder, and a warm breeze picked up around him, causing his robes to billow. The breeze grew stronger, becoming a howling wind, and he had to shout over the noise it made in order to hear his own chants. 

The men watched in awe as the boy willed forward immense power. Even Izzy took a step back, a look of shock on her own face. Eventually the wind died down and Echo's chanting ceased. When he opened his eyes, a collective gasp sprang from the small group gathered. His eyes were glowing deep red, and sparks danced within their depths.

Echo raised one arm and a stream of fire ran from his hand, flowing to land on the ground where it gathered. Soon what looked like a rope of flames was wrapped around the boy's feet. As the men watched, one end of the rope rose from the ground on its own, and they realized that it was the head of a 10 foot snake composed entirely of flame.

It slithered toward the men with its head rose, letting out a hiss that sounded like water hitting a hot surface. Echo stood perfectly still, his eyes still glowing as the snake stared the men down. Suddenly it opened its mouth and lunged at the face of one of the men wearing black robes. The man yelled, and fell back, landing on his ass. 

A smile spread across Echo's face and the snake froze in mid air, mouth still opened wide. After he spoke a few words, the snake turned to ash starting from its tail and ending at its head, and it fell to the ground.

The men stared, dumbfounded, at Echo, who's eyes had ceased glowing red at the completion of the spell. The man the snake had lunged at scrambled back on his feet, annoyed at his own embarrassment. Izzy just shook her head quickly and clapped twice.

"Now that's what I'm talking about!" She said excitedly, slapping Echo on the back.

Coming out of their state of shock, the other men began to clap, overwhelmingly impressed by Echo's surprising performance. The man who Echo's snake had attacked did not clap or look remotely impressed. Ryan noticed this, and knew instantly that he did not like this man.

He was tall, only a few inches shorter than Ryan, and was much skinnier and less built than him. His black hair was shaved very short, and he had dark green eyes void of warmth. His mouth was contorted into a sneer as he surveyed Echo and the men congratulating him. Catching himself staring, Ryan quickly diverted his attention elsewhere before the other man caught his eye.

"Okay, okay, settle down; time to get back to business." Izzy said, "Echo, I'm very impressed, make sure you can do that in the arena."

Echo nodded and returned to the end of the line, smiling broadly.

"Now, starting with Echo, I want you all to state your name and what discipline you studied so I can get a better understanding of who I've got to work with." 

All eyes turned toward Echo, waiting for him to start.

"Well, my name's Echo, and I studied offensive magic." 

The next man in line wore red robes as well, he ran his hand over his wavy brown hair before he spoke, "My name is Blain and I studied defensive magic."

The only man wearing brown robes was next. He was short, stocky, and bald but built and solid looking. "My name is Sydney and I studied offensive magic." 

This was surprising. Most earth magicians studied defensive magic. It would interesting to see how one approached the offensive discipline. 

Next was the man that had been attacked by Echo. "I am Malcolm and I studied offensive magic." He sneered, a touch of arrogance could be heard in his voice.

"I'm Ryan, and I was a proud student of offensive dark magic."

Finally came the man standing to Ryan's right who stood with his arms behind his back. The man was just under six feet tall, and stood perfectly straight with his chest puffed out. He was strong and clearly worked out. His strong jaw jutted slightly out and his brown hair was cut short and kept very neat. Clearly this was a proud man who cared very much about the way he carried himself.\

"My name is Seth Fastus and I proudly wore the blue sash of defense as a student." He said in a voice that was slightly higher than the normal man's.

Izzy nodded and addressed the men, "Now I will pair you up. Your partner will remain your partner for the duration of this training. You will live with your partner, you will train together every day, and you will learn from each other. By the end of these next four weeks you will help each other become true gladiators who will make this city proud."

The men looked around at each other, curious who they would be paired with.

After pacing up and down the line a few times watching the men Izzy spoke, "Echo, your partner is Sydney; Blain your partner is Malcolm; and Ryan your partner is Seth." 
