 Chapter 1: A Strange New World

I have written several stories, but this is my first submission to literotica. As a reader, I find that sex in literature is still somewhat of a taboo subject. When it is even present at all, it is often just briefly touched on with a lot of self-censoring before moving on to another subject. I may read a great story or adventure, but find it lacking in sex. In contrast, when I read erotica, it might contain great sexual escapades, but often lacks in story development. So I've decided to write the story that I've always wanted to read - one that is a balance of adventure, story-development, world-building, and romance, but also has uncensored sex, erotica, and plenty of sexual tension building to climax. Literotica seems to be a good place to tell this sort of story. If you are fan of all those elements packaged into one tale, then hopefully, this is the story for you. 

I'm also turned on by visual women who have a strong attraction for the male physique and a healthy sexual appetite, so there's a bit of that in this writing. My plan is to keep this saga going as long there are enough people interested in seeing it continue. I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed watching the story take shape as I wrote it. 

There is a glossary of Galinean terms at the end of this chapter, but be careful if you choose to reference it since it contains some spoilers. Note that all characters depicted in this writing are adults above the age of eighteen. 

*

Blake Ransom's heart raced as he studied the document in front of him. Could this be the key to the long lost city of Atlantis? He had spent nearly the entirety of his collegiate studies on this topic. He even wrote a book on the subject before completing his doctorate. His work on this fringe field of study also helped him become the youngest professor ever at a prestigious, private college in New Mexico. He was now the lead professor of the archaeology department.

In recent decades, theories on the legendary city of Atlantis had been relegated to the land of myths. Blake spent his entire life fascinated by the subject, even as a young child, and made it his mission to eventually solve one of life's greatest mysteries. Was it a lost part of human history or truly a myth? Ransom had a few theories on why he believed it to be historical fact.

One theory was the existence of pyramids in both Egypt and South America. It remained a mystery how these structures were built in such an early part of civilization, and what their true purpose was. Blake surmised that early Egyptians, Mayans, and Aztecs had help from an advanced civilization. But where was that civilization today? The story of Atlantis and the island that sank within a day could provide an explanation.

Many of the theories of Atlantis in recent years had become ridiculous in Blake's mind -- primarily in regards to location. Nearly every spot on the globe was purported to be the lost civilization by many so-called experts, from Antarctica to the North Pole. The outlandish theories caused much credibility to be lost on the subject. He also became frustrated with his Atlantis-seeking contemporaries who insisted on putting Atlantis somewhere in the Mediterranean. Blake's research pointed to Atlantis being somewhere between Africa and South America. The pyramids supported this theory.

Blake also spent several years studying symbols and hieroglyphics from both locations, and discovered astonishing similarities. A new set of photos had just been delivered to him, taken at a remote cave in Cape Verde. They contained an even more detailed set of hieroglyphics that could tie everything together. This could be proof that the lost city was somewhere near the island chain of Cape Verde in the middle of the Atlantic.

Blake ran his fingers through his mop of dark hair, which was wavy on top, but trimmed closely on the back and sides. He then scratched the stubble on his face, which always appeared to have a couple of days of growth. He usually just ran an electric beard trimmer over it on occasion, rarely bothering with a clean shave. Most of the women in the college, faculty and students included, found him extremely sexy. He tended to be a very private and intense individual, which made him desirable from a distance. Most women assumed that a man like this must already be attached to someone, or they just found him too intense. There even seemed to be a hint of danger about him that might keep all but the most adventurous of women at bay. He often wished women showed more initiative in pursuing what they wanted. He wasn't a fan of the old-fashioned rule where women should wait around for the man to make a move. This societal rule still lingered somewhat to this day. He preferred to know what a woman's interests and intentions were without having to play games to find out.

It didn't take Ransom long to secure funding from his college for the expedition. He had hoped to take a team of his best students, but the administration only provided enough resources for him to take one. His top student, Cassidy Chandler, was more than eager to join and be a part of the adventure. Since she was visiting family during a break between semesters, she planned to meet him at the location. 

Two weeks later, Blake arrived in Cape Verde to meet Riyu, the guide who would be taking them near the cave site. They met on the trail while they waited for Cassidy to show up. Blake was enjoying the tropical fauna that skirted the areas near the beach. Looking the other direction, the terrain suddenly became mountainous further inland. A cave network in the hilly region was where his destination would lead.

"You realize I'm only taking you as far as a mile from the site, right?" Riyu mentioned in his thick Portuguese accent.

"Yeah, I get it. I understand the locals are superstitious about that area."

"Not superstitious. Bad shit goes on up there. Just last year, a guy came running out of that cave network completely naked - spouting gibberish in some strange tongue that no one ever heard. He's been committed ever since. Can't convince you adventurer types, though. I guess you take your chances and learn the hard way."

Blake smiled to himself. Being a scientist, he wasn't superstitious at all. In his mind, there was a logical explanation for everything. Sometimes strange occurrences just happened coincidentally.

Riyu stared in admiration down the path and whistled. "If that's your expedition partner, I might have to change my mind about going to those caves. Damn, I love it when American women visit!"

Blake followed Riyu's gaze to the delectable Cassidy Chandler strolling up the path. Her tight, button-up top was tied just underneath her pert breasts. Her shorts were so short that they barely covered her delicious ass. They were also cut so low that the pink string of her thong was enticingly and inadvertently peeking out of her waistband on the side. Needless to say, her choice of attire left little to the imagination. The addition of hiking boots to the scant ensemble made her seem an even more erotic vision.

Riyu had a silly grin on his face as she bounced up the trail and held out her hand to introduce herself to him. Her sandy-blond hair was playfully tied up in a ponytail towards the top of her head and bounced right along with her.

Strangely enough, Blake was used to seeing Cassidy as the studious type, wearing glasses and not dressing in an overly seductive manner. She wasn't a prude and still wore the tight clothing that was fashionable for young women these days, but this was something completely different. She now ditched the glasses in favor of contacts and brought a sexy and playful side that Blake hadn't really noticed before. He always found her attractive, as he did with many of his female students, but he always managed to push those thoughts to the back of his mind in order to maintain a professional distance. Even when his students would flirt with him, he still managed to keep his temptations at bay.

His eyes traveled from her tight breasts down to her generous display of midriff and leg. His gaze lingered a bit on her belly button ring as a ray of sun glistened off of it.

"Hi, Professor Ransom," she smiled. "So, are you ready to discover Atlantis?"

Blake shook himself out of the hypnotic daze and reluctantly pried his vision from her luscious body, forcing himself to make eye contact.

"Um, well, I don't believe we'll actually find Atlantis, but any bit of information we can gain could help the cause in the future."

As they began their journey up the trail, Riyu leaned in and whispered to Ransom as Cassidy walked ahead. "Man, you are so lucky. Just look at that!"

"She's my student, Ryu," Blake sighed dismissively.

"That's even better, my friend! I bet she gets good grades."

"She does, but not for the reason you're thinking."

They made their way several miles up a winding trail and took a break for lunch. Blake decided to step away and head towards an overlook. The view was magnificent. He could see much of the island from this location. He removed his sweaty shirt so he could feel the warm breeze against his skin. He adjusted his sunglasses and started taking pictures of the landscape.

"Impressive," purred Cassidy from behind as she startled him.

"Um, yeah, the view is quite amazing up here," he replied awkwardly.

"I wasn't talking about the countryside, you know. If they had a calendar for hunky professors you would definitely be Mr. August." She glanced down his well-built torso as she took off her sunglasses and bit down on the earpiece in a seductive manner. Blake had been a competitive swimmer in his university days. He still had a swimmer's body as he maintained a nightly routine of laps in the college pool.

"Right," Blake tried to brush off her playful flirtations. He started putting his shirt back on.

"Aww, you don't have to do that. I like you sans shirt and shades. It's a good look for you."

"Come on, Cassidy, this is an important expedition - and sponsored by the college. We really should be focusing on what we're here to do."

"Ooo-kay. I'll behave...for now," she giggled as she turned back towards the trail. Blake looked on and pondered this new and different Cassidy. He was also very aware of the rising passions she was stirring in him... feelings he knew he should keep buried beneath the surface.

It was near dusk, when Ryu made his announcement. "Alright, folks, this is as far as I go. I wish you the best of luck searching those accursed caves. I hope you don't end up in a naked frenzy like the last guy who was up there."

Cassidy nudged Blake, "A naked frenzy might be fun!"

He ignored her comment as Ryu took his leave. "Why don't we set up camp for the night? We can hit the caves in the morning when there's more daylight."

After finishing their dinner, Blake studied the map. "Okay, there's a stream not far from here if you want to wash up. I'll go upstream a bit if you want to go downstream."

"So, you're going to leave me out here all alone?" she pouted.

"We're not in the middle of some Amazonian rainforest, Cassidy. This area is pretty clear. I don't think a wild animal is going to snatch you."

"Alright then. See you back at camp!"

He watched as she sauntered downstream... a complete bundle of sexuality that seemed ready to burst at any moment. He couldn't take his eyes off of her and wondered how he was going to make it through the weekend with this nubile, young tease constantly distracting his thoughts.

Blake found a spot where the stream was mid-thigh deep. He gladly removed all his clothes and invited the cool refreshing water. He spent several minutes lathering himself with soap and then rinsing off in the stream until he heard a sound off to his left. He turned and saw Cassidy standing just five feet away wearing nothing but a pink thong. She had a seductive smile on her face and her nipples were firmly erect.

Blake, completely naked, resisted the reflex to cover himself. He felt it would be better to keep his cool in this situation. The classic erotica image of women covering themselves when they had somehow lost all their clothes wasn't exactly how he wanted to portray himself.

"Cassidy, you know we can't do this," Blake sighed.

"Why not? It's just the two of us out here all alone, Blake."

"I'm your college professor, not your date on some tropical getaway. Referring to me by first name probably isn't appropriate either."

"I'll call you Professor Ransom then if that is what you prefer." Actually, he didn't, now that he thought about it. It was a stark reminder that he was in dangerous and forbidden territory.

"And," she continued as she approached him, "your eyes have been wandering my body all day long. You could cut the sexual tension with a knife."

"Look Cassie, if I've done anything to make you feel uncomfortable..."

"It's perfectly fine. Now my eyes get to wander your body," she said with a sexy bite of her lip as her eyes did indeed travel slowly down his six-foot-one-inch muscular frame, resting at his well-hung cock.

"Let's just agree to stop this here and now. I'm your professor - you're my student. We absolutely can't be doing this."

"It's not like I'm some pre-teen school girl that you're taking advantage of. I'm 21 and you're only 28. That's not out of line in my mind... two consenting adults...

"Still, if the administration found out..."

She put a finger on his lips and replied soothingly, "They won't, Blake. The only ones who need to know are us."

She reached up and pushed aside a lock of his wavy dark hair, which had fallen carelessly over his brow. She then brushed the back of her fingers over his stubbled face. "I like this. It makes you look so handsome and rugged."

She proceeded to draw her finger down his chest and trace his abs. "I like this even more."

She smiled as his cock grew before her eyes to full capacity and pulsated with desire. "And I like that the most!"

"Come on, Cassie...we really can't...."

"You may say you don't want to, but your cock says otherwise," she teased and gave it a playful squeeze.

Blake gave up the battle and submitted to her advances as she knelt before him. His body completely overruled his mind as his throbbing member pulsated with hunger for her. Cassidy giggled as his cock danced in front of her face with each throb. She lightly swirled her tongue around his swollen head, which sent sexual electricity coursing through his body.

"Oh, God," Blake moaned involuntarily.

"Mmmmm," she purred as she put him in her mouth and started a steady motion.

Blake gently held her head as he began moving his hips to her rhythm. When she came up for air, she ran her tongue down the length of his shaft. She smiled when she saw a bit of pre-come oozing out the tip.

When she started working on him again, it was all he could take. Before he could warn her, a short burst of hot fluid shot in her mouth.

"Oh!" Cassidy pulled back with a mixture of surprise and delight.

"Ahhh, Fuck Yes!" Blake moaned as he shot six blasts of hot liquid all over her breasts. She finished him off with her hand. It had been many months since he was last with a woman and his eruption made up for lost time.

"Oh, wow! You must have been storing that up for some time!" she said with a sense of wonderment.

Blake was mesmerized with the erotic vision of seeing Cassidy glistening in his juices. Her nipples were as hard as they could be. A trail of his warm liquid streamed past her belly button ring and collected by her tiny thong while she was still sitting on her knees.

"I think we'll only need one tent tonight," she said with a naughty grin as she washed herself off.

It wasn't long before they made their way back to his tent. Blake guided her on top of his sleeping bag. His cock was still pulsating from his explosive release by the stream. He gently kissed her neck and cupped her breast, which fit perfectly in his hand. Her puckered nipple stuck out between his fingers.

His hand traveled down the feminine curve of her belly and traced the edge of her little pink thong. She started breathing heavily. It wasn't long before his finger made its way inside and glided along her slit, which was extremely wet with desire.

"Ohhhh," she whimpered.

He guided his finger inside. After a minute of gentle massaging and exploring, he soon found the magic spot and gently caressed it with a circular motion. He used his free hand to explore her body and play with her taut nipples. Her hips started thrusting with a fucking motion and picking up the pace. This continued for several erotic minutes.

"Oh, yes! Ooh, yeah! I'm gonna come! Make me come!" she nearly squealed.

"OHHHH!" she shook with orgasmic release. Blake enjoyed having complete control over her body and passion. When her throes of ecstasy subsided, she took hold of his cock, which was back to full attention and wanting more.

"Oh, wow! You're already hard again?" Cassidy asked, pleasantly surprised.

"I'm not sure it ever stopped."

"Hmm, well a girl must take advantage of opportunity when she can!" Cassidy reached in her bag and pulled out a condom.

"So...were you preparing for this ahead of time?" he asked.

"I've been hoping for this since the first day I set foot in your class. Don't you know that every girl in your class wants you? And I got you first!"

"Well, this will probably have to be the first and la..."

She put her fingers to his mouth. "Hush. Don't ruin the best night of my life. I'm thinking it's been good for you too....I hope."

"That's the problem. It's been too good..."

"No more talk then. Let's just enjoy the moment."

Blake watched as Cassidy started to roll the condom onto his fully engorged dick. His heart raced with excitement at the care and attention she was giving his cock in the process.

"Wow, you're so big. I was barely able to get it on," she laughed. Her expression then turned serious as she looked him in the eyes. She slowly slid her thong down her legs. Blake drank in the sight of her fully naked body. Her most treasured place was trimmed into a small triangular patch. Blake found it exciting how her tan line was the equivalent of a string along her hips and pelvis. Her lighter colored skin was barely more than her small patch of trim hair. This told sexy tales of outdoor escapades in the smallest of bikinis.

Cassidy gently pushed Blake back on the sleeping bag and straddled him. She grabbed his ready meat and eased herself down on it. Her eyes fluttered as she moaned with blissful pleasure. She swirled her hips and took complete control of the pace as she rested her hands on his chest. Blake was perfectly satisfied with her taking the lead as he thrust his hips to her rhythms.

"Oh, yes, professor! Fuck me hard!"

He wasn't sure how he felt about her calling him 'professor' in the middle of a good fucking. It made him feel a bit dirty and reminded him of how taboo this encounter was. It didn't stop his dick from loving every second of it until he was gushing again with wild abandon. Cassidy arched herself back with her fully erect nipples pointing upwards. She came at the same time, wailing as his cock throbbed inside of her.

Later, they lay naked in his sleeping bag. Cassidy soon fell asleep with her arms and legs wrapped around him. Apprehension started creeping into Blake's mind again. He realized his fate, and possibly his future was in this girl's hands. He knew it would be tempting for her to brag about this to her friends. If the administration caught wind of it, he would be finished. They strictly forbade faculty sleeping with students. They had a no-tolerance policy with stiff penalties. He also imagined how the local media would respond. The media loved to sensationalize things. He could see the headline now -- 'College Professor Takes Advantage of Impressionable Young Student'. Blake quickly pushed these thoughts out of his mind, telling himself he shouldn't always think the worst. He soon drifted to sleep.
