 Partly inspired by Dark Brother's novels. Partly by shinmai maou no testament. 

This is happening in a fictional world. The world building will occur as the story progresses. Depending on the feedback more chapters will come. Currently I have like 3 chapters plotted in my mind. Regardless of negative or positive feedback those chapters will be published. Also I would like to thank customizedlit for his edits and ideas. 

Chapter 1

--------------

"I am eighteen, mom!" Scott Peterson protested for like the 100th time that day.

"Yes." Sarah Peterson nodded her head, "You sure are growing up fast. It feels like just yesterday when I changed your diapers."

"Mom!" Scott cried.

The mother and son were in the new Shopping place that was just started in Black Mist County. It was a huge building with 10 floors with each floor containing different types of clothes ranging from children's wear to old people's dress.

"This will be the last time I shop with before you go back to college." Sarah said looking at her son with sadness. 

He looked like a copy of his father with blue eyes and black hair. He had his father's height too. Her son stood at 5'6" with a physical build to match it.

Sarah's phone started to ring. 

"Wait a sec hon." She said picking it up.

Scott noticed his mother was deep in conversation and decided to take a walk by himself. He was eighteen after all.

He climbed the stairs to the 1st floor as he was scared of lifts. 

What if they stop midway?

"What the fuck are you doing here?" Scott heard the voice of his archenemy. Not that humans have archenemy. 

"What do you want?" Scott asked looking at Peter Wells. A bully from his high school days. They both used to be friends once but now not so much. It all ended when Peter decided that-

Scott closed off that memory. He didn't want to bring it back up.

"We just wanted to see if you are still afraid of height." Peter was with two of his friends who Scott didn't really care about enough to describe them.

"So you were like waiting here for me so that you can scare me? " Scott asked irritated. 

Peter didn't reply. 

"Fine." Scott said and walked away. 

"Where are you walking off to?" Peter growled.

"What is going on here?" It was Scott's mother. She was rushing towards her son. 

"Nothing mom." Scott replied as the trio walked away.

"How many times have I told you not to pick a fight with them?" She scolded him.

"Seriously?" Scott replied, "You think I started? And it barely was a fight. More like a verbal conversation."

"Whatever." His mother replied and they both walked towards the teenage section.

"Are these much clothes necessary?" Scott asked his mother carrying two bags in each hands. They were walking towards the underground parking area.

"I want you to be the handsomest man in the college." Sarah said smiling.

She was carrying two bags of her own. One contained clothes for her son while the other were clothes for herself.

"I am hungry." Scott replied.

"We will stop at the café." His mother said and got inside her sedan.

Scott placed the two bags in the back seat and was about to ride shotgun when a sudden pain rushed through his body.

"Mom!" Scott cried and fell down.

Something heavy ran over him. The last thing he heard was the sound of his mother screaming and someone saying what sounded like, "Now test it."

Scott opened his eyes. He was in some sort of a black space. 

No wait! It was space! He could see stars and planets and even asteroids. Scott covered his face with his hands when an asteroid came near him. He couldn't move but the asteroid just passed through him as if he was a hologram.

"Tell them we are coming." He heard a voice in his head. A deep rough voice, "Tell them to stop messing with our technology. You creatures have no idea what it can do."

100s of spaceships suddenly became visible. No there were a 1000 of them. All looked exactly identical. Like a fighter jet but the size of a Boeing.

Scott opened his eyes.

"Slowly." He heard his mother's voice, "Don't do any sudden movements."

"What is happening?" Scott asked, "Why can't I see anything?"

"Just relax honey." His mother said. He felt her hand on his wrists.

Was she taking his pulse?

"What happened to me?" He asked again, "Am I blind?"

"Turn it on." His mother shouted to someone.

Scott's vision cleared. He could see things again. He immediately noticed his surroundings. He was in a room that resembled the interrogation rooms he has seen in procedural shows. But instead of a table and chair this room had items that were available in hospitals. Like the ECG monitor that was going beep bop, a bunch of syringes and stuff in a table, that sort of things.

He was on a bed. He was surprised to see that he was wearing a hospital gown and was more surprised to see his mother wearing a lab dress.

"I thought you worked in an office." He wondered out loud.

"That is true...in a way." She said kissing her son on his forehead, "I am glad you are alive honey."

"What happened, mom?" Scott asked getting off the bed. 

He was pretty sure something heavy ran over him but he strangely felt alright.

"This may sound strange but just listen to me." His mother said, "Ok?"

Scott wanted answers so he nodded.

"You died." His mother said, "But we-"

"WHAT!!!" Scott exclaimed.

"But we brought you back with a device called The Gear."

"The what?"

"It is still under research. It was discovered a few thousand years ago by archaeologists in the ruins of Alvatra." Scott's mother said taking his pulse again.

Scott remembered the bedtime stories his mother used to tell when he was a child. Alvatra was a long lost city that supposedly had superior technology than the rest of the civilization during that time. But one day they just disappeared into thin air leaving no trace that such a city even existed until a couple of archaeologists discovered it accidentally while searching for some tomb.

"What does it do?" Scott asked, "The Gear?"

"We operated it inside you. It-"

"You mean the Gear is inside me?" Scott asked incredulously, moving his hands across his stomach, trying to feel something that was out of place.

"Yes." His mother nodded.

"What does it do?" Scott asked.

"We are not yet sure of its entire capabilities. But it has like crazy regenerative ability. You are the first successful result of a Gear transplant."

Scott was not sure how he felt about being a guinea pig. But at least it brought him back to life. Right?

"So what ran over me?" Scott questioned, "A car?"

"You don't have to worry about that now." His mother quickly said like she didn't was trying to hide something.

"How does it work?" Scott questioned respecting her wish to keep a secret. When the time was right she would tell him, like always. It was one of the many admirable quality his mother possessed. Their family never kept a secret from each other for long.

"No it needs weekly activations." His mother answered.

"Meaning?"

"The Gear does not work until you perform...you know..." Sarah was going red now. She was not sure how to phrase her next statement. It was her husband's duty to have the 'talk' with him.

"Just say it." Scott said impatiently.

His mother took a deep breath and adjusted her lab coat.

"The Gear only works when you perform acts that increase your pheromones level." She said.

"Wait what?" Scott was not sure he heard his mother correctly.

He have learned about pheromones in his biology classes. They were secreted by insects that triggers a response from the same species usually for mating purposes.

"You telling me I am an insect now?" Scott asked confused and blushing.

"No. Humans too have pheromones though in a slightly lesser level." She was red now.

"What really happened in the parking garage?" Scott asked understanding his mother's uncomfortableness.

"A vehicle ran over you." His mother said kissing him on his cheeks. He noticed tears run down her face, "I thought I lost you but then I remembered-"

Scott was losing his eye sight. Everything seemed blurry all of a sudden.

"Mom! Something is happening to me." Scott said holding tightly to the bed.

Slowly everything returned to normal. 

"I think it is time." His mother said.

"For what?" Scott asked looking at his mother scared and confused.

His mother didn't reply anything and just went outside.

"Mom?" She heard her son's confused voice from behind.

"Are you sure you want to watch this?" Nicholas Adams, The Head of the Research division, her boss asked.

"Well if you are going to watch what is going to happen then I sure will have to too." She replied and both of them stood in front of the two way mirror.

Scott sat down back on the bed more confused than before. What did his mother mean when she said that he died? Did he really die? He felt pretty much alive. And what was that about the whole thing about that Gear thingy? 

A female in her mid 20's approached through a door on the left corner that Scott hadn't noticed till then.

She was the prettiest thing Scott has seen in his life. She had the body of a super model with long slender legs and red hair that was in a boy cut. Her huge breasts were really having a rough time being stuck inside the tight red shirt she was wearing. Her short white skirt really brought out her legs.

"Isn't she pretty?" Nicholas Adams said from the other side of the mirror. 

When he didn't get a reply he glanced over to his employee Sarah Peterson. She was pressing buttons on her tab.

"What are you doing?" He asked.

"Doting down some important notes." She replied without looking at him.

Nicholas Adams returned his gaze to the inside of the lab where his daughter was about to perform lewd acts with his employee's son.

"This is really weird you know." Nicholas said, "Are we 100% positive that The Gear activates through this method only?"

"We will know in a couple of minutes." Sarah replied and looked at the glass where her son was fumbling around red in the face.

"Why are you dressed like a slut?" Was the first thing that came out of Scott's mouth which he immediately regretted.

"For making you aroused." She replied to him.

Though she said it in an unabashed manner, Scott could still notice her face turning slightly red.

"Why?"

"Didn't your mother explain?" She asked irritated, "You need to get aroused for the Gear to start working else you will go back to being dead."

What?!

"So you and I are going...to..." Scott didn't say the rest.

"Yep." She nodded her head, "Now you may wonder why. It is because I too have a Gear inside me and it would be advantageous for both of us."

"I thought I was the first successful experiment." Scott said.

"You have a natural Gear. Mine is artificial created by my father." She said proudly.

"If you don't mind me asking, did they fix you up with a Gear when you died?"

She nodded.

"How exactly did you die?"

"Accident while crossing the road." She replied.

"So both of us were brought back from the dead?"

"Apparently yes." She said, "Any further questions? Or do you want to proceed with what we are supposed to do?

"Did you have any...you know dream or something when you died?" Scott asked trying to prolong whatever was about to happen next.

"Why do you ask?" She asked confused.

"No reason." Scott said, "But did you have any?"

"I don't remember." She answered and walked nearer to Scott. 

She was tired of this man's questions. Unlike his 7 day recharge period, she only had 3 days and it was already the 2nd day.

"Are you ready?" She asked and without waiting for an answer pushed him to the bed and climbed over him making herself comfortable on his rising hard on.

Nina Adams had dated a lot of hot guys from college before her death. Even the quarterback. But this one felt different to her. Inexperienced, shy, confused. 

"Don't worry." She said and starts rubbing herself on him.

This one was not even half as hot as the other guys she had dated. Not that he was ugly or something. He looked very ordinary in her eyes but there was just something about him that made her just want to stay close to him and never let go.

Scott was still feeling very reluctant. He never had any experience with a girl before not that he is a virgin but the only time he ever had sex was during a night of partying which ended quicker than he expected when the police raided the place for underage drinking.

"Are we...aah...sure there is...no other way to make The Gear work?" Scott asked in between moans. 

He felt really good when the lady's crotch rubbed on his wood that was getting harder by the second. He was wearing a lab coat which made it really hard to hide it. Not that he wanted to.

Nina grabbed Scott's hand and placed it on her breasts. She saw Scott's face was about to burst. She stifled a smile and gave him a gentle kiss on his lips. 

Scott started to fondle the breasts that could be barely held in his palms. 

"Just like that but be gentler." Nina said to which Scott just nodded.

He started to massage the beautiful breasts over the clothes.

"Can I remove your shirt?" Scott asked for her permission.

"Don't wait for a woman to give her permission. Be aggressive but not too aggressive." Nina said.

"It is hot isn't it?" Nicholas said from the other side admiring his daughter's perfect body grinding the boy.

"Seriously?" Sarah said looking at the bulge between her boss's legs.

"What can I say? She got a nice body." Nicholas said and watched Scott sucking on his daughter's perfect breasts.

"His Gear has started to work." Sarah said looking at her tab with happiness and relief.

She can't handle losing her son again.

"That is good." Nicholas whispered in her ears.

Sarah was startled. She didn't notice that her boss had moved so close to her.

She felt her boss's hand grab her hand from behind. He started to rub himself behind her while his hands grabbed her breasts and started to play with them. 

Nicholas always had an attraction towards Sarah Peterson. But he never acted upon them mainly because both he and she were married. But currently he couldn't control himself. It was as if an external force is making him horny as hell. Was this part of an effect of the Gear?

"We shouldn't be doing this." Sarah said rubbing her butt on her boss's rising hard on.

Nicholas didn't say anything instead he took off Sarah's lab coat and her skirt. She was wearing a white lacy underwear. Nicholas unbuttoned her shirt gently. Her huge covered breasts popped out of the shirt. She was wearing a matching bra too.

He started to fondle her right breast with his hand while the other hand went down to the inside of her underwear.

"What are you doing?" She protested, "We both are married."

He didn't say anything and when his fingers touched her clitoris, she gave up on any resistance and started to melt in his fingers.

Sarah looked through the mirror at her son, now naked getting a blowjob from the daughter of the man who was rubbing her down there.

Scott looked at the mirror that was reflecting the beautiful red face going up and down on his hard cock. He had no idea the mirror was a two way mirror or that 5 other people were observing his actions including his mother. There were 3 male scientists and 2 female scientists who were monitoring the Gear. It was a surprise to everyone to see the 100% compatibility this Scott person had with the Gear. It was as if the Gear was a part of him.

The 2 other test rats, per say, had their inside spewed out when the Gear was attached to their inside. As if the Gear had rejected their body. But this kid had no such problem. It has been 6 hours since the Gear was installed into his body. So far everything seemed waaaay better than perfect.

"Does it feel good?" Nina asked Scott letting go of the young cock with a pop sound.

It was obvious it felt good from his red face but Nina wanted to hear it from his mouth.

Scott looked at Nina and nodded.

"Say it." Nina said and grabbed his cock and started to stroke it.

The moment she put it into her mouth for a second blowjob she got her answer.

"It feels really good." Scott moaned and came right into her mouth.

Nina was surprised but felt happy with her technique.

"That was quick." She chuckled as she gulped down the salty liquid in her mouth.

"I am sorry." Scott quickly apologized.

"Don't be." Nina said in a comforting voice, "You are still hard."

Scott had no idea what got over him as he pulled Nina up from his cock and threw her down onto the bed and got on top of her.

"What are you doing?" Nina asked blushing.

"I think it is time I returned the favor. Don't you think?" Scott smiled and kissed her passionately. He could taste his own juices in her mouth as she pushed her tongue inside his mouth. It felt weird to him to taste himself. But he didn't worry for long as he went down the red head's body trailing kisses all over her. 

He had to stop himself when he reached her pussy to stare at the beautiful thing. But instead of eating her, he decided to do more foreplay. He kissed on her thighs and went down to suck on her toes.

"What are you doing?" She protested, "Just eat me."

Scott didn't listen to her. He did the same thing to her leg. He could already seeing her pussy quivering and small amount of her juices leaking out.

"You bastard." She screamed and pushed his head down to her pussy aggressively.

"I thought woman liked foreplay." Scott said lifting his head and smiling at her.

"We do but not me currently. I just want to cum." She said.

"Fine." Scott said and went down on her.

Scott have only eaten one pussy before and that was for barely a few minutes. He didn't exactly know how to proceed. He had experience watching from porn but that barely helped him to eat this one. He didn't want to do something wrong and make this beautiful red head angry.

"Just lick the spot and try to find my clitoris." The girl said to Scott as if she understood what was going on in his head.

Scott nodded and licked the lips of her pussy.

"Suck on them." She said.

Scott did just that. He started to pull it but without applying too much force. He let go off it after a while and tasted her juice. It tasted like strawberry for some reason to him. He felt her arch her back and with a strong tongue licked her from her vagina opening upwards. He stopped and started to suck on a small bump just above the opening. He soon realized that was her clit. The girl started to shiver with ecstasy when he started sucking on her clit. 

Nina has never felt this much pleasure before. The way the inexperienced boy was licking her surprised her. He may not have much experience but he was learning quickly. She pushed his head down harder. She arched her head back as she felt her juices about to leak.

"I am cumming." She screamed and let go off her juices.

Most of the juices were collected by Scott in his mouth but some he missed. Scott felt happy and was filled with pride. He just made the beautiful red head cum.

Scott climbed up over her body and kissed her. He made her taste her own juices. She welcomed his tongue and they made out like lost lovers.

"Put your cock inside me." The girl said to Scott with eyes filled with lust.

Scott placed his cock near her entrance and started to rub it on her opening.

"Put it in. It won't hurt." She said to him.

It was tighter than Scott had expected but the wet pussy accepted his cock without much hesitance.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the mirror both the boss and the employee were naked. 

Nicholas still had his fingers buried inside the woman. Both of them were getting really turned on watching their children fucking each other.
