 Scott woke up to a buzzing sound.

"So you creatures finally decided to use it, eh?" A female voice echoed in his head.

Scott couldn't see where he was. Everything was black as if he was blind, or was he back in space? he wondered.

"No, you are not in space." The female voice continued as if she had read his mind, "Listen to me, on the eve of the summer solstice an army of Claves will come for you. Remember they don't who or what you are. So just play it safe and try to be really discrete about the technology inside you. They may already be living among you."

"Clave? Who is this 'they'? Also who the hell are you?"

"Just someone who wants to help you save this universe from- "

Scott heard the sound of tables tumbling.

"I got to go, just remember, don't use the machine in crowded areas." The voice sounded panicked now.

"Wait!" Scott yelled, "I have some questions."

Scott woke up to a pleasant feeling in his genital region. He looked down to see a bob of red hair going up and down on his eight-inch-thick cock.

"Hey." Nina Adams said letting go of his cock with a 'pop' sound.

"Hey." Scott replied smiling, "So that really happened?"

Nina smiled back and started playing with his balls while stroking his cock.

"It really happened." She said and kissed on the tip, "What were you dreaming about?

"Not sure." Scott said, still not sure what the two dreams he had after the Gear installation, were about.

"Was it about me?" Nina asked.

She immediately regretted it. She was angry at herself for sounding needy. She barely met this guy a few hours back and she already wanted him to dream about her?

'What is wrong with me?' She thought angrily.

"I wish." Scott replied as he saw the red head's expression change to one of frustration.

Nina nodded at him, acknowledging what he had done for her and started to deep throat him.

Meanwhile, three floors above Nicholas Adams was still pondering whether what he did was the right thing. Hitting an eighteen-year-old with a car and killing him was never part of his plan. 'Just beat the kid to death', he had said to the thugs as he paid them quite a hefty amount. But they went ahead of their way and killed him. He could still see the terrified expression of his employee, Sarah Peterson, as the bleeding, completely disfigured body of her son was dragged onto a stretcher to the Lab Room. She was crying nonstop. Being a parent who has faced a similar situation he could relate to how terrified she was. He was pretty sure he would have died of guilt if it was not for the Gear bringing the son back. The last two test subjects both died a horrible death when the Gear was installed into them. But this kid had a high acceptance rate to The Gear...so far.

Nicholas blamed himself for the death of Scott Peterson. This wouldn't have happened if he'd never met the three men in black on that fateful day.

A few years back the men in black appeared outside his doorstep with a circular metal thing that very much resembled a miniature alloy rim. He never got their names but they gave it to him and asked him to transplant it into a human and see the magic happen. These black suited men had no distinctive features. They were very plain looking. Average joes. Before they gave him the metal thingy, they warned him not to say a word about their existence to anyone or else he will face the necessary consequences. He gulped down hard and did what was told of him and became responsible for two deaths. He didn't feel much guilt because those two test subjects were already on the verge of death. He just sped it up, albeit in a gory, insides spewed all over the walls kind of way. But that did help him and his employees to figure out some of the working of the machine which by this point he had started to call as The Gear.

The Gear needed a recharge every seven days give or take one. It seemed to work better when the subject was aroused. It can give mind boggling regenerative abilities to a compatible human. Though the 'compatible' human was splattered a few days or in some cases even seconds later.

His lab people reverse engineered The Gear and made a couple of artificial ones. They worked almost exactly like the original Gear but the test subjects showed signs of decaying after two or three days. They collected some more test subjects, most of whom were willing. The Artificial Gear or The A-Gear as he liked to call it, killed every single one of those test subjects after the period was over. And the government sanctioned lab was shut down until his daughter met with the accident. A careless drunk driver hit her during red light!

She was rushed to the hospital but the doctors after extensive surgery gave up and told him to prepare for the worst case scenario. In a desperate last attempt, he took his daughter's comatose body to his lab and with the help of a few of his trusted employees, infused an A-Gear into his daughter. Her body regenerated like nothing he had ever seen before. Her bones, skin, tissue, every single thing reconstructed themselves. But as soon as she regained consciousness, Sarah Peterson, one of his trusted employee mentioned to him that his daughter needs to be aroused to keep The A-Gear functioning.

It was weird and strange for Nicholas to hear that but he knew deep down that it was the only way to keep his daughter alive. So he asked one of his younger employee to perform the deed.

The Government gave them permission to reopen the lab if similar results could be reproduced but without the need for arousal to keep The Gear activated. Ever since that day they have been working hard to find an alternative method to keep The Gear active.

It was all going well for a few days until two days back when the three men in black returned. But this time they didn't come bearing a gift. Rather they came with a warning.

They explained to him in pretty gory detail what would happen to his daughter if he doesn't attach The Gear to the inside of a boy called Scott Peterson. They didn't specifically say why him. And before he could ask the same, the three men in black disappeared just like that.

As luck would have it he discovered that Scott Peterson was none other than the son of one of his employee, Sarah Peterson. The smoking hot forty something head lab technician in the research wing.

She was a rare gem among his employees. She always brought him results.

Considering all the test subjects of The Gear were dead, he decided to take matters into his own hands and hired a couple of hooligans to recreate the accident his daughter had.

And one day later the body of Sarah's son was brought into his building in a stretcher. First one of The A-Gear was attached to him. Nothing happened. Not even the wall spewing thing. Then they removed it and attached the original gear to him and what happened next was nothing short of a miracle.

By this time, his daughter, for some really strange reason had a conversation with the mother of the subject. Sarah hugged her tightly. They were in a distance but Nicholas could see Sarah's lips move to produce a 'thank you' to his daughter. She was really grateful to whatever his daughter had said to Sarah.

He soon came to know that the one who was going to perform the deed on the successful test subject was none other than his own daughter. He felt terrible while he watched his daughter getting naked, getting her perfect breasts sucked on by a complete stranger. But soon he lost his inhibitions and started to finger the subject's mother. He was scared for a moment that she would slap him or something but instead she reciprocated his actions.

Now thinking about it, Nicholas was feeling conflicted. He was happily married and as far as he knew, Sarah was also happily married.

What the fuck happened to us during the activation!? Was what Nicholas was thinking when somebody knocked on the door to his office.

"Come in." Nicholas said, after a while.

Sarah Peterson walked in.

Nicholas quickly stood up, "I am really sorry for what happened." He apologized.

"Look." Sarah took a deep breath and pulled back a strand of her black hair back, "What happened was wrong on so many levels. Let us just ignore what happened and not talk about it."

Nicholas was hurt, no, he was disappointed, "But it felt good right?"

"It doesn't matter. I am married. You are married. What we did was a onetime thing."

"But- "

"Look, I am not here to talk about that. So if you are going to keep at it, I will just leave and come another time."

"No no." Nicholas quickly said, "Stay. Let's close that chapter... for now."

"Forever" Sarah added.

Nicholas sat back on his chair, "So what were you here to talk about?"

"Mr. Jenkins couldn't translate what The Gear was emitting. But he did say he has seen the language somewhere before."

"Did he say where?"

"No. but my guess is Alvatra, the origin of the Gear."

"Maybe" Nicholas said, "How is your son?"

Sarah was surprised that her boss cared about her son.

"He is fine. In fact-"She stopped midway.

"In fact what?"

Sarah looked at the floor visibly embarrassed.

"Are they both going at it again?" Nicholas guessed.

"Sorry, I am leaving now." Sarah apologized and walked out.

Three floors below, in the lab room, Scott already had his tongue inside the opening of the red head.

"Aaah." Nina moaned, "Just...like....that. Make me cum in your mouth."

Scott used his right hand to rub her clitoris to increase the pleasure.

"No no." Nina protested, "No I will-"

Scott tasted her juices before she could continue saying whatever she was going to say.

"You liked it?" Scott looked at her, smiling, as he licked his lips clean.

"Obviously" Nina said looking away ashamed.

"Aw. Come on." Scott climbed over her body trailing kisses all over. When their lips met they kissed passionately. Their tongues intertwined and wrestled with each other.

"You ready to fuck me?" Nina asked breaking from the kiss.

"Thought you'd never ask." Scott said and pushed his hard cock inside the red head's vagina.

"Ooooooh my Gooood!" Nina moaned, "Were you...waiting for my permission?"

Scott didn't reply instead he started to suck on her beautiful pink nipples while his cock went in and out of her. He took turn sucking both the breasts.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" Nina asked.

Scott was surprised with that question. He stopped what he was doing. That question came out of nowhere and Scott was pretty sure what was coming next.

"I will take that as a no" Nina chuckled and threw the surprised Scott down onto the lab bed in such a way that she was the one on top now.

She balanced herself on his knees and started to ride him to ecstasy.

Scott groped her breasts and started to tweak her nipples.

"Can I...aaah...play with it....just like that...aaah....be your girlfriend?" Nina asked in between the moans. She looked at his beautiful black eyes. They were full of lust as well as surprise. She waited for a reply. None came. She was disappointed.

Scott blamed himself for not giving her an answer. He barely knew this girl and she already wanted to be his girlfriend. What is happening to my life? She was the most gorgeous female he's ever seen in his life. Still...

"It is alright." Nina said hiding her disappointment and starting to ride him faster. It wasn't long before they both came hard.

She fell on his chests and gave him a small peck on his cheeks.

Scott took a deep breath and looked into her beautiful blue eyes, "Look it is not that I don't think you are amazing but we barely know each other. I don't want any hindrance between us. So how about we first go on a date, my treat, and take it from there."

Nina couldn't believe it. Most men would fall head over heels for having her as a girlfriend. But this kid just plain rejected that chance. She felt an unspoken admiration for Scott Peterson.

"Are you feeling alright?" Sarah Peterson asked her son while checking his pulse.

"So far, yea." Scott replied.

He had taken a bath and cleaned himself up in a room at the back of the lab when Nina said that his mother would be coming soon for a test. Nina had stayed with him for a while and explained to Scott about her Artificial Gear and its working and how it was attached to her. She even told him about the handsome lab technician who had performed the activation. Scott felt a little jealous but that was soon gone, when she said that he was nothing compared to him. They spent the rest of the time talking about random things until his mother came. At that point she gave him a small peck and gave him her address so that he can pick her up in the evening for the date.

He noticed that his mother was barely looking at him face to face. Either she was looking at his wrist or at her watch. It was as if she was avoiding him.

"Everything alright, mom?" Scott was concerned.

"Yea." Sarah said slowly, "Yes." She repeated.

"Then why are you acting so weird? Weren't you the one who taught me to look at a person's eyes when talking?"

"I watched you have sex with Nina." Sarah blurted.

"WHAT!!!!?" Scott exclaimed.

"That mirror is a two-way mirror." Sarah pointed to where it was, "I didn't mean to. But I had to take your readings."

Scott had no idea what he was feeling right now. It felt weird for the most part but the last couple of hours have been weird for him. He was brought back from the dead, an ancient technology was transplanted into him, a girl he barely knew had sex with him, and the weird dream... conversation? But for some reason he also felt an excitement in knowing someone was watching him while he had sex. And the fact that it was his mother only made it more or less

"Damn it. Now you have made this conversation awkward." Scott blamed his mom.

"I just wanted to make sure that The Gear won't overload and kill you."

"I understand that but couldn't you just ask someone else handle my readings?"

"I am sorry, honey." His mother said hugging him, "I just wanted to do it myself. I can't let someone else handle my son's life."

Scott sighed, "It is alright mom. But next time close your eyes or something."

"I will." Sarah broke off from the hug and chuckled. Scott noticed that her eyes were wet.

"Anyways, I need your car tonight" Scott requested as his mother wiped her eyes with the hem of her lab coat.

"May I ask why?" Sarah noted down something onto her pad, "Ok, your pulse, heartbeat and everything else seems to be fine."

"That is a relief." Scott said, "I am taking Nina on a date."

"Ooooh." His mother teased him, "Already on first name basis, I see."

"Why not?"

"Well, she is 26 for one and my next boss for another."

"Waaaait! She is Nicholas Adam's daughter!?" Scott was surprised.

"Yes honey." Sarah chuckled and gave him a peck on his cheeks, "Ah you don't have to worry, hon. She is a good girl. Where did you plan to take her by the way?"

"There is that new romantic movie playing in theaters. I was planning to take her there." Scott rubbed his head thinking whether that was a stupid idea.

"But you never liked romantic movies." His mother pointed out.

"I can change for her." Scott said standing up from the bed.

"You can find a fresh pair of clothes in that locker. Wear it and come to the first floor. We have to run a few more tests on you."

"Sure. Also you didn't answer me. Can I take the car?"

"Sure, honey." She replied.

Scott walked to the locker took a pair of white sneakers, a black pant and a green shit with the letters 'Keep 'em Coming'. He looked back. His mom was 'playing' with her tablet. He removed his hospital gown and quickly put on the clothes he got from the locker. He walked back to where his mother was.

She looked at him proudly and ruffled his hair, "There that is better."

They walked out of the lab.

"Mom, is it alright to ask why you hid the fact that you worked in a lab?" Scott asked.

"Well...to be fair your father knows it but I thought you and your sister were still not of proper age, you know. I mean I work in a lab where people need to have... sex... to stay alive."

"But I thought there were only-"

"Yea yea. Only one successful test subject, you. But we also have something called an Artificial Gear. It was first proposed by my boss-"

"Yes I know that part." Scott said.

"Nina talked about it?"

"Yea."

They both walked the stairs to the first floor.

"Many people voluntarily come here to save them from life threatening situations. So far none of our tests have shown any results though."

"Where do these people come from? Also what is this building's name?"

"We call building, The Network."

"Really?" Scott chuckled, "Does not seem like a suitable name."

"Exactly. This is a government sanctioned building. Who do you think is sending us the subjects?"

"Were you responsible for any of the deaths?"

"This way." Sarah said and took him through a hallway, "Not directly. But I just do the readings and stuffs. I don't do any transplantations."

"So why were you hiding this fact?"

"As I said you two are still kids in my eyes."

"Really?" Scott was smiling evilly now, "Even after you saw your 'little' son have sex?"

"Oh my God!" She cried, "Stop talking about it."

Scott chuckled and took his mom's hand into his.

"How many tests are there? Is the rest of my life going to be filled with tests?"

"God no." She said, "This is the final test. Then you can go back to normal."

Scott was back in home. His mother had stayed behind at The Network. Scott was swapping through the channels not sure what he should be watching. He was sprawled on the sofa staring blankly at the television. He was not sure whether he was disturbed because of the new machine in his body or because he had a date with the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. He turned the television off and went upstairs to his room.

He looked at his cupboard trying to find a dress for the evening. His mother told him that she had no idea what happened to the clothes they bought from the new shopping mall.

He was browsing through the different clothes when someone rang the doorbell downstairs.

Scott ran down and looked through the keyhole. It was his sister.

He opened it. His sister pounced on him and hugged him tightly, "Long time no see little bro."

Sarah Peterson gave birth to Emily Peterson when she was 16 years old. Emily had similar features as Sarah. Both had black pupils that really brought out their skin color. Both had the body of a supermodel with slender legs and hours glass figure. They both even had the same long blackish-blonde hair that went up to their hips. They both could easily pass up for sisters.

"What is wrong?" Emily asked Scott concerned, "You didn't hug me back."

Scott didn't reply instead he welcomed her in and closed the door behind her.

"Take a seat." Scott said, "I have got something to tell you."

"You look so serious, little bro." Emily joked.

Scott told her everything. Everything excluding the fact that his mother worked there. That was his mother's secret. He had no right to blurt it out.

"Really?" Emily asked chuckling, "If you lost your virginity, just say it. It is nothing to be ashamed of. You don't have to build a whole backstory behind it."

"Just stay here." Scott said and went to the kitchen and came back with a knife.

"Huh?" Emily was confused.

Scott took a deep breath not sure if the healing would work.

"Whatever." He muttered and cut the inside of his palm.

"Oooooh my Gooooood!" Emily cried and quickly came towards him.

She opened his palm.

The older sister was surprised to see no cut mark on her little brother's palm.

"What happened?" She asked confused and bewildered.

"I told you. I have healing capabilities now." He was smiling which only angered her more for some reason.
