 Few centuries ago.

"This is not a good idea." A man with a weird accent was speaking to his colleague. 

The colleague who was wearing a black and black costume didn't say anything.

"We can't disobey his orders."

"But it almost destroyed our civilization."

"It still exists." The other one said.

"We will have to save this world from what is about to happen else this entire process of being trapped here would have been in vain."

"This is the fifth child we are going to insert this into. I am fucking tired of these killings."

"It is not actually killing-"

"Stop trying to justify it." He was angry now, "It is murder as far as I care. The chances for his child to have the genes of an Alvatrian is one in a million. Are we going to keep at this and kill-"

He fell down on the ground bleeding through the burning hole that suddenly appeared on his body.

"You!" The other guy looked at the attacker.

"Yes. Me."

The attacker was a woman with black smooth skin. Brown hair that was tied into a ponytail that complimented well with her skin tone. She was about medium height with eyes that were screaming yellow and green at the same time. It was a weird combination. She was holding onto a futuristic gun and a smile that was both cute and to people who knew her, evil.

"Poor guy." She walked over to the bleeding man and kicked him.

"What do you want?" The man in black asked.

"Going to kill more children?" She asked to the man after noticing the circular rim like structure on his hand.

"That is none of your-"

A small blast from the futuristic gun brushed past the man's shoulder. 

"You bitch!" He cried as he fell to the ground with tremendous pain.

She took The Gear from him and smiled at him.

"See you later!" She blew him a kiss and walked away.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scott Peterson was surprised to see his mother outside the door. A range of emotions went through him. On one hand this was exactly like few days back when he went unconscious. On the other hand, he was feeling guilty for some reason. Probably because this was his mother and she was staring at his hard cock. Eyes transfixed. 

She licked her lips and walked towards him.

"Mom?" Scott said in a confused voice.

"I heard what you two were role playing about." She was not angry. Scott almost felt like she was happy.

"We were just-"

"It is alright." His mom said, "It was a nice show."

Nina who was sitting quietly beside him walked over to his mother.

"Stand still while I strip you." She said and took Sarah' coat off.

This time it was Scott's turn to be transfixed. He was about to see his beautiful mother get naked for the second time in a few days.

Sarah looked at Scott and smiled gently.

"You sure about this?" Scott asked.

"You naughty little boy." Sarah said as she guessed what her son was thinking, "We won't be doing anything. It would be morally wrong."

"But-I-" Scott stuttered as he tried to escape from the embarrassment.

Both the women chuckled at him and Nina went back to work on the buttons of Sarah's blue shirt.

Nina whispered something to Sarah. They both nodded and started to make out with each other. The problem Scott faced was that his mother's eyes were on him as they kissed. He felt hot and guilty at the same time. 

"You like it?" Nina asked rubbing her breasts against Sarah.

Scott could only nod.

Sarah smiled and removed her skirt. Scott's eyes were bulged as he saw his mother standing in front of him wearing a red bra and matching panties.

Scott noticed a dark patch on her underwear. He looked at his mother's face and was taken aback by her beautiful red blushing face. She knew he had seen that she was already wet.

Scott started to stroke his cock up and down as the two women in the room and started to make out again. Nina's hand went behind Sarah and she unhooked the bra. It fell down on the floor revealing his mother's beautiful bountiful breasts that he couldn't take his eyes off.

"Wow." Was all Scott could manage as Nina started to suck on those juicy mummeries. Her free hand went between Sarah's legs and she started rubbing her crotch.

"So damn wet already." Nina teased and kissed Sarah and went back to sucking the nipples.

Scott and his mother were looking at each other unable to take their eyes off each other's naked bodies.

"Let's get more comfortable." Nina said and took Sarah by her hand and they both came towards Scott and sat near him.

"Here." Nina placed the fingers that were just working on his mother near his lips

"Hey!" Sarah protested and slapped it away.

Nina chuckled.

"I would love to taste it." Scott said suddenly.

Since his mother told him not to do anything wrong he felt like licking her juices off another woman's hand was something that was not wrong.

"What the-"Sarah started just before Nina covered her mouth with her lips.

She placed the wet finger again near Scott's lips.

Scott saw his mother look at him eyes filled with lust as the two women exchanged tongues.

He wasted no time and started licking the fingers erotically giving his mother a show. 

"Hmmmmm." Sarah moaned watching it but the two women didn't break the kiss. They continued kissing like no tomorrow.

His mother's beautiful breasts were rubbing again Nina's breasts. They were bouncing off each other like a bunch of rubber balls that had high elasticity.

Scott started to stroke faster enjoying the show these two women were giving him.

"Time to remove this. Your son is ready to see his mother in all her glory." Nina said looking at me and back at my mother while pulling my mother's underwear, "Lay down."

She pushed his mother down on the bed. 

Both the mother and son were now together on the bed next to each other. Sarah turned her head towards her son and looked him in the eye.

"Don't hate me." She said, her eyes swelling up.

Scott was taken aback, "I can never hate you, mom."

He moved himself closer to her such that their naked bodies were rubbing against each other. He continued to masturbate as he watched Nina remove his mom's underwear seductively.

His mother had an airstrip shaven pussy that highly contrasted with the color of her skin.

"Mmm!" Nina smelled the wet underwear and threw it away and went down on Sarah.

"OOOH MY GOOOD!" Sarah screamed as Nina's tongue started working its magic. 

Scott pressed himself harder against his mother.

"Is it good?" Scott asked her in a low voice.

"Yes!" Sarah moaned, "Goood! Sooo good!" 

Scott kissed his mother's shoulders. He waited for her to protest but she didn't. Scott glanced down between her legs and saw that Neha's eyes were glued onto his.

Scott kissed his mother's shoulder once more then went higher to her neck. He could feel the heat coming from her body. She was panting heavily.

He kissed her neck and around it.

"This is sooo wrong." Sarah said but didn't push her son away. Scott continued to lick and kiss his mother's neck. 

Scott used his hands to hug and bring her closer to him. He rubbed her shoulders while continuing to taste her now wet neck.

"I love you, mom." Scott said and kissed her forehead.

"I love you too honey." His mother replied and started to shudder as Nina started tasting her boyfriend's mother's first orgasm.

She came out between Sarah's legs with a smile and a wet lip. 

"Want a taste." She asked and before Scott could say yes, she planted her lips on his face and they both kissed each other greedily. 

Scott couldn't let go off his tongue from inside Nina's mouth. He was completely in love with the taste of his mother's juices mixed with Nina's saliva.

Nina finally pushed him back gently, "Let's not ignore this woman here." 

"It's not a problem." Sarah smiled as she started rubbing her pussy, "It is time for me to have a show too." 

"Really?" Nina teased her and started sucking on Sarah's huge breasts.

"Why don't you lick your girlfriend's pussy?" Sarah asked her son.

Scott nodded and obediently went behind Nina. Scott looked at the two pussies in front of him. One was red as a strawberry while the other was pink and forbidden.

He took a deep breath and confirming his saneness went ahead and started licking the red pussy of Nina. He could feel the heat coming out of both the pussies. He felt like he was inside a microwave. The smell was intoxicating for him and the fact that he was inches apart from two pussies, one of which was his mother's. He was surprised that he hasn't fainted yet.

He pushed his tongue out and started licking Nina's pussy lips. 

"Just like that." Nina moaned from the front, "Your son is amazing." 

Sarah didn't say anything instead she moved away from her.

"Let's see how you like two tongues on it." Sarah said and went between her legs "Hope this is not too weird." Sarah said to her son in a low voice.

"It is weird but as long as we don't do anything sexual I will be alright." Scott said after a while.

"You don't think I am sexy enough to do anything sexual with?" Sarah asked with mock sadness.

"Damn it, mom." Scott said, "You know what I mean."

Sarah chuckled and pushed her son down onto Nina's nether region.

Scott took her clits into his mouth and started sucking on it, while his mother caressed his back while inserting a finger into Nina's pussy.

"This is soooo much better!" Nina moaned and started gyrating her hips on the older women's fingers.

"Put your finger inside." Sarah told her son, "Let's both finger her."

Scott obeyed without taking his mouths off her wet clits.

"At the same time." Sarah said and they both pushed the fingers in sync making Nina cum hard on both their fingers.

They pulled their wet finger's out. 

"Did you just pee?" Sarah asked chuckling.

Nina turned her head away, "It was just a squirt."

Scott laughed and licked his fingers tasting the juices.

"Sharing is caring." His mother said and took Scott's finger out of his mouth and replaced it with her's.

"Mom!?" Scott panicked.

"Mmmm...." Sarah licked her son's fingers clean.

"Here your turn." She showed her fingers to him.

Scott threw away his inhibitions and started to lick his mother's finger. 

"We are going to hell for this." He said but continued licking it.

Sarah started rubbing herself with her left hand, "Would be worth it."

Nina looked at the scene unfold in front of her. There her boyfriend was licking his mother's finger while the mother was masturbating. And just when she thought it couldn't get any better Scott surprised her by moving his free hands towards his mother's pussy. He placed it just above her bush.

"You sure?" Sarah asked him.

Scott didn't reply. He was not too sure himself.

"Just do it. We can blame it on The Gear later." Nina said fingering herself.

Scott rubbed and pulled his mother's bush.

"Should we?" He asked.

"It is up to you. But remember if we cross this path we can never go back again."

Scott gently took his mother's finger out of his mouth and replaced it with her other finger that was wet with her juices and started licking it.

"Taste it from the source dude." Nina encouraged him.

Sarah didn't felt like compelling him to do something he doesn't want to. He slid his fingers further down and stopped it right at her clits. He could feel the heat coming out of his mother's pussy. 

He gently flicked the clit and then pushed his fingers inside suddenly.

"I am sorry, mom." Scott said and fingered his mother.

"Don't be-auh-sorry!" His mother screamed, "This is good! Soooo good!"

"Kiss her." Nina said.

The mother son duo looked at each other mulling whether to continue. They finally decided not to and satisfied themselves by kissing each other on their neck and cheek.

"Laaaame!" Nina commented.

"Shut up." Scott said to her laughing, "Come and suck on my mother's breast while I finger her."

He felt a stream of her juice leak out. Apparently she liked the idea. Nina pounced between Sarah's legs and started to take her clits inside her mouth which was the opposite of what he asked her to do. 

"I love you so much son." Sarah said eyes filled with tears.

"I love you too." Scott said, "Father should never know about this."

"I won't say a thing." Sarah said and kissed him on his forehead.

Scott continued fingering his mother while Nina licked his mother's pussy wetting both his fingers and his mother.

He placed his hands gently on his mother's breasts and seeing a lack of resistance he started to press and fondle them. 

"Flick the nipples." His mother said to him, "It will make me-aah-hot."

Scott did just that and felt a stream of another orgasm on his fingers.

"Do you need to rest?" Scott asked his mother concerned, "You have already came four times."

"Nonsense!" She replied quickly, "Just continue with what you both are doing. I will be fine."

She said that and pushed Nina back to her pussy while her son resumed with the fingering.

"May I suck these?" Scott asked his mother.

Sarah nodded. Scott took the pink nipples into his mouth.

"Aaaaaaah!" Sarah cried ecstasy.

He flicked his mother's nipples inside his mouth and sucked it in.

"This reminds me-oh-of when you were a baby." Sarah managed to say in between the moans, "You used to suck on these two things greedily leaving your father starving at night on somedays."

Scott pushed one more finger into his mother while he went to work on her other breasts.

"Make your mom cum honey!" His mother cried.

Scott increased the pace of his fingers while continuing to work on the erect nipple.

He felt a hand grab his cock. Without leaving the grip of his mouth he looked down to see his mother holding onto it like a toy. He looked into her eyes. She was blushing harder than ever. He felt like hugging her and kissing her to make her better but he was reluctant to let go off the breasts. Instead he nodded at his mother requesting her to continue.

He felt her hands move up and down rhythmically. 

"Your dick sure is thicker than your father." His mother said licking her lips.

"Want to taste it?" Scott asked her while playing with her nipples.

"Wouldn't that be weird?" Sarah asked.

"I think we are way past things being weird stage." He said kissing her nipples.

Sarah pondered over the dilemma. 

"The cameras are turned off. Stop worrying and start blowing your son." Neha said taking her mouth off from between the older women's leg.

"You are awfully comfortable with this." Sarah said pointedly.

"I am quiet weird." Was Nina's reply.

Sarah looked at both her son and Nina. Both were eagerly waiting for an answer.

"No one can know about this." She finally said to the two eager youngsters.

They both nodded.

"Lay down." She told her son, "Lets both take care of him at the same time." 

"May I make a suggestion?" Scott asked "Why don't one of you six nine with me? That way I can also pleasure one of you."

"Well, who do you have in mind?" Nina sked.

Scott sheepishly looked at his mother.

Sarah wetted her fingers and rubbed her pussy.

"Eat your dirty mother!" She said and placed her butt over his face while stroking his cock. 

Scott was surprised to see that his mother has thrown away her inhibitions too. He looked at the pink lips up close. They were more beautiful glistening with the wetness.

He used his hands to grab her butt and fondle it. His mouth was inches away from the beautiful pussy. He made himself comfortable and touched her lips with the tip of his tongue. She shuddered on top of him.

"Don't stop honey!" She said.

Scott felt a wet presence covering his cock while another was licking his ball sack.

He had no idea which belonged to which but he loved the feeling. He went back again to the task in hand and licked his mother's pussy. 

"I have waited a long time for this." He heard his mother's voice as his cock got covered in wetness. He felt his mother's mouth go up and down on it.

He needed to repay her the favor.

"Fuck this is huge!" He heard his mother complain happily.

"It feels better in your pussy. Trust me." Nina said kissing Sarah.

"Don't stop, mom!" Scott said from under her.

"Sorry honey." Sarah took the thick cock back into her mouth. She prSessed her hips down onto his face.

Scott started eating out his mother again. The taste of her pussy which felt like a combination of strawberry and honey filled his mouth frequently. He was surprised at the amount of juices that was leaking out of her. She had already came countless times in the past dozen minutes.

He gulped down as much of his mother's juices as he could. 

"Cum for mom, honey!" Sarah started moving faster on his cock.

He wanted to last longer but his mother's experienced mouth made it quite impossible and soon enough he pushed his hips back and came a lot more than he expected into her mouth.

"WOW!" Sarah said stepping away from her son. He saw that his cum was leaking out of the side of her mouth.

"Share it." Nina quickly said and started licking Sarah's face.

Scott was getting hard again watching the two woman share his cum. Sarah's eyes were plastered on his now hard cock.

She broke off from the kissing and came over to her son. She climbed on top off him.

"Mom?!"

His mom didn't reply she grabbed his cock and started to rubbing it against her wet pussy.

She grabbed her son's hand with her free hand and placed it on her breasts. Scott started to play with both the breasts while his mother continued rubbing his dick on her pussy.

Scott pulled himself up and took the breasts into his mouth. Scott moved his hands behind and started caressing his mother's back.

"Does it feel good?" Scott asked his mother as he moved his hands further down to her butt. Sarah nodded.

"My son's cock rubbing against my wet pussy. God, I am such a bad mother." She may have said that but she had no intention of stopping what she was doing.

Scott let go off his mother sweet nipples leaving a trail of saliva from the mouth to the areola.

"Turn around mom." Scott said.

"But-" She was reluctant to let go off the thing in her hands.

"Trust me." Scott said.

His mother hesitantly let go off the dick and turned herself around.

"Raise your ass, mom." 

She did just that.

"We going to doggie?" 

Scott smiled and wetted his fingers and rubbed it on her clits. Scott looked at Nina who was busy masturbating. He felt bad for ignoring her but she mouthed him to continue.

He aligned his hips with his mother's butt. His hard thick cock automatically aligned itself on her clits.

"Don't let it go in." She said to him.

Scott had no idea why it matters anymore. They had already crossed the boundary a mother and son should never have but he didn't question her. He nodded and started moving his hips enjoying the feeling of their wet private parts rubbing against each other.

Scott trailed wet kisses behind his mother's neck. 

"Just like that honey." His mother moved her hips back and forth, "Make your mommy cum."

Nina was coming hard for the second time watching the duo. She loved the way they were trying so hard to not do anything forbidden while doing things that are forbidden. It almost made her laugh.

Scott moved his hands to between her legs and rubbed her clits. The sensation of both her son's fingers and dick was too much for her and she immediately came yet again on his fingers.

She laid down on the bed and pulled her son on top of her.

"Thanks." She said. 

"I still haven't come though." Scott replied pointing to his still hard cock.

Sarah took in the sight of her son's thing and chuckled. 

"Will it ever go down."

"Can you blame it?" Scott replied, "You are sexy as hell, mom!"
