 So roughly five days ago my entire life changed. It all started when me and my mom went for a shopping spree. Inside the parking space something ran over me and I died. But don't worry, I was brought back from the death with the help of an ancient technology called The Gear. It gave me the power to regenerate myself faster but it also came with a major disadvantage, I will die if The Gear is not recharged. And how is it recharged?

By participating myself in acts that arouses me. Basically, when I have sex. Long story short, I am now alive and I will die in two days. Or so I thought until I remembered about the Claves. I still don't know what they are but few days back a clave visited me and completely trashed me. He left me when he noticed how weak and pathetic I was.

And currently I am having a dream conversation with a voice that is speaking a language that I had zero idea about.

"Tera no tyles." It said.

I was standing in a meadow. A lush green meadow. Typical landscape for the unintelligible language conversations.

"Can you speak in any other language?" I shouted to the sky.

"Teach erl." It replied.

The word 'teach' came out after a struggle. It sounded alienated. Like a word it hasn't said before.

*****

I opened my eyes. I don't know what surprised me the most. The fact that there was blood on the ceiling of my dorm room or the fact that a knife was heading towards me at light speed. I quickly rolled myself off the bed.

A masked face-

No wait, not a masked face. It was a black face with two white spots, that I guess was its eyes. It had a slim body but for some reason there was something about that made me feel that it was stronger than it's looks.

"Valianter." It hissed.

I don't know from where. I couldn't see a mouth on its face but still I could say that the voice originated from it.

"Who are you?" I shouted as I rolled away from another stab.

My hands slipped over something. I had a pretty good guess what it was. I quickly stood up and ran out of the room. I looked at my bloody hand as I ran. The guy who died was not really a close friend of mine, but still having someone else's blood on my hands- it gave me the chills.

The entire hallway was dark except for a dim orange light. I ran as fast as I could without stopping. I could hear the hiss behind me. 

"What the fuck!?" The security placed at the entrance of the dorm exclaimed looking behind me at the thing that was chasing me.

"Run away!" I screamed as I ran past him. 

I heard the sound of guts splashing but I didn't turn back, I kept on running, jumping over walls and fences until I was too tired to move.

I didn't want to turn back but I still did. The black shadow like thing was approaching. I was sweating and panting like a dog while this creature looked calmed and relaxed. It was walking slowly towards me, planning each and every step for some reason.

Its arms turned into a blade that was shining brightly under the moonlight.

Yep that just happened!

I wanted to move, I wanted to run again but my body was frozen. Either from all the running or from the terror that was building up in me or both.

It pulled its hand back, ready to strike me. The blade was coming down fast and I closed my eyes ready to accept the fate.

A screeching sounded vibrated in my ears. I slowly opened my eyes. The black shadow like thing was nowhere to be seen but instead there was someone else there. Someone I knew pretty well. Someone who used to be my best friend. 

"Stay back" Peter said and pulled a sword out of thin air. I was too surprised to ask how and why.

I saw the black shadow like thing loom out of the bushes in a corner and charging towards Peter, but for some reason I felt like it's eyes were focused on me. There was something about them, a look of sadness? To be fair his eyes were just a white circle on his black shadow like body.

Peter blocked the hand blade of the shadow creature with his own sword. Sparks flew from the collision. "Run away." Peter grinded his teeth and told me, "I don't know how long I can hold this."

I was shaken up to my core to simply run away. 

"Huaaah." A voice came out of the creature. It sounded like a call for help rather than a war cry.

"Stop fighting." I quickly said to Peter standing up.

There was something with the creature that made me wanted to get closer to him, to inspect or maybe I was going senile, either way, Peter didn't listen to me.

He kicked the creature on its stomach. I expected his legs to just go through considering the opposition was nothing more than a shadow but his leg made contact and the creature was thrown back a good some feat.

"Stop fighting." I said to Peter standing between him and the very angry shadow creature who was also standing up on his legs now.

"Move away, idiot! That is a-" Peter started.

"I don't care what it is. I don't think it wants to fight me."

"Then why did you run?"

"Trust me." I said and turned back. The shadow creature walked towards me, making slow steps planning and anticipating for any attack.

What the fuck was I thinking? 

My heart was pumping faster every second the creature took a step forward. It finally reached me and bowed down and rubbed its head on my legs.

"Huh?" the voice came out of both Peter and me, I don't know which one of us was more surprised.

Its head felt soft, like silk.

"What is happening?" Peter asked me.

"I should be asking you that." I turned around and faced him, "What the hell are you!?"

"Let's take this conversation somewhere else." Peter said and snapped his fingers.

*****

I was always fascinated with teleportation when I was a kid, especially after watching Goku use instant transmission. But did I ever think it was possible in real life? No. a hundred times no. but that was what just happened. Peter snapped his fingers and I was in an apartment overlooking the city. It looked like a penthouse.

I ran to the nearest toilet I could find and vomited in to the closet. The teleportation was not working wonders on my body.

"Oops. Sorry about that." Peter said from outside.

"Who is it?" I heard my sister's sleepy voice as lights were turned on.

I came out of the toilet to see my naked sister.

"Dude!" she cried and quickly covered herself in the blankets nearby.

I tried looking away but it was tough. She maybe my sister but the fact that she has a superhot body is something that can't be hidden. Not that I am sexually attracted to her, I am just throwing down facts.

I looked at Peter angrily.

"You still sleeping with her?"

"Hieeer." The shadow like creature who apparently got teleported with me said looking at me with puppy dog eyes.

"Listen to me. We can fight later. But you need to know few things." Peter looked at my sister, "You too."

"Like what?" Emily, my sister asked.

"I am not what you guys think I am. I am a Clave."

That was like a direct bullet shot to my chest. Claves are a bunch of creatures who are trying to kill me or hurt me. I am not sure which. It is tough for me to die considering I have high regenerative capabilities. So why did I run from the shadow creature? Well, because I can still feel pain. It is not like I am a robot.

"A Clave!?" I gulped.

"What is a clave?" My sister asked.

"A bunch of guys who wants to kill me or hurt me. I am not sure at this point."

"WHAT!?"

"I think you better sit down and I will explain everything." Peter said after taking a deep breath, "A few dozen centuries ago, in the land of Alvatra-"

"Alvatra?" My sister asked.

"Yes. It used to be a flourishing old kingdom until the Lenthreals came for us. Or well...at least my grandparents."

"Grandparents?"

"It will make sense soon." Peter said and continued, "The Claves are a clan of warriors who will die for their king. We were trained from childhood to be warriors. One day the king and queen gave birth to a son on the seventh summer solstice of the seventh year. The day the future of Alvatra was written down."

"Let me guess, something terrible happened?" I asked.

"No. Something worse than terrible." Peter said seriously, "The Lenthreals came down on us."

"The Lenthreals?" I questioned.

"You have heard about The Alvatra being a superior civilization right?"

Me and my sister nodded.

"There was this guy called Nuasmcel-"

"Huh?"

Peter sighed, "The names back then does not roll off the tongue easily for foreigners. I will call him Nuas for your sake."

"Thanks." I replied angrily.

"Well he was a scientist, or a Gander as we used to call them during those times. He, once while experimenting with an alien piece, that a couple of guys found under the soils of the previous king's resting place, discovered that it was radiating some sort of energy from it. After further experimentation he discovered that it was actually a device that opens a portal to other dimensions. Our king and the king of the other dimension met with each other and negotiated a term. The other dimension was technologically superior than even the present time of ours. They exchanged their knowledge for protection from an alien race that was coming after them."

"A superior dimension creature needs help with protection. Don't make me laugh. Why can't they just develop some technology to-"

"They were a peace loving creature. They had no idea what a fight even was. You won't understand it."

"So the other creature that was after the peace loving dudes were the Lenthreals?"

"Yes."

"They wanted the technology for themselves. So our king with his knowledge from the other dimension decided to enhance his personal army, The Claves. But before that he wanted to make sure that the technology worked. So first tried to enhance his own son to fight the war."

I was getting goosebumps now. I was pretty sure I knew what he was going to say next.

"Don't tell me he turned his son to The Gear." I practically shouted.

Peter looked at me wide eyed, "Not exactly, but how did you know that?"

I told him about my dream conversations.

"Oh my god. Is he awakening again?"

"How was he turned into that anyways?"

"He was converted into four pieces. Each having four different emotions of his, Lust, Anger, Greed and Sadness."

"What about the other three sins?"

"..."

"Continue."

"Don't." My sister said speaking for the first time in a while, "This is all too much for you. Do you even love me?" 

She was face to face with Peter now.

"Of course I do."

"But you are hired to go after my brother, aren't you?"

"Yes, which is why I tried to distance him from me, so that when the time came for me to actually kill him, I won't feel much emotions."

"You bastard." My sister slapped him on his face.

The shadow creature hissed angrily at Peter. I have no idea why.

"That was expected." Peter said rubbing his cheeks, "But listen to me. I can never hurt your brother which is why I tried distancing himself from me by sleeping with you."

"What!?"

"I was given order to kill him when The Four Pieces meet."

"Huh?" she was confused.

"The Fen-" Peter started and corrected himself, "The Gear-"

"I-ahah." I tried hard to breathe. 

My mouth felt dry as the sun as I started losing my vision. I was dying. Again...

*****

"Faalmer Valentian halso?" The unintelligible questioning of my mind voice started.

"What do you want exactly?" I screamed. 

I was in the lonely open meadow which I was kind of sure was just a front.

"Laip mera juiles." It replied irritated.

"What!?"

"Teach." It replied as everything in front of me spiraled into a whirling vortex.

*****

I opened my eyes to the sound of slurping noises and a wet feeling between my legs. I quickly opened my eyes. Scared of one thing and one thing alone. When I lost consciousness there was only one female around me and now someone is giving me a blow job!

"God no!" I screamed and looked between my legs. 

What I saw surprised me more than I expected. 

I was in some sort of a hospital. Not the one in The Network, somewhere else. Somewhere dark. I could hear the sound of machines going beep bop and the sound of a woman. The room wasn't dark but for some reason I couldn't see the face of the one sucking me.

"What is happening to me?" I wondered trying to stand up. 

I couldn't. it was like some external force was pushing me down.

"Stop worrying." I heard a female voice. A voice I have heard once.

"You are the one who talked to me about the Claves?"

"Yes and what I am doing is giving you a mental simulation." The voice of the woman who warned me about The Claves said.

"What do you mean?"

"I can't let you die. Not now anyways. You need to close The Gate on the eve of summer solistice before things go sideways."

"You do realize that I am not understanding a thing you are saying right?"

"Ha." She replied, "Relax for now."

I again felt her mouth on my dick. It felt different to all the blow jobs I have got (which was a mere amount of three). This felt more experienced. More mature. Her tongue was going around my tip while her hands were playing with my balls. 

"Why can't I see your face?" I asked in between moans.

Her wet mouth let go of my cock and she spoke, "Probably because you haven't seen me before." She replied.

"Who are you really?"

"I used to be a queen before my son took over me. He used-" She stopped herself, "That is a story for another time."

I again felt her mouth cover my cock.

"This is a dream simulation right? Will this save me in the real life?"

"Only...gaaah..one...way to know." She replied as he came inside her mouth.

*****

I opened my eyes.

"Dude!" I heard my sister yell.

I was back in the apartment and she was looking at me with a look of disgust. It took me a while to guess what was wrong. It was probably the wetness in between the legs that gave me the answer for the yelling. 

So I apparently came myself in my pants.

I didn't know whether to curl myself into a ball out of embarrassment or to run away from the embarrassment. 

"I..uh." I stood up, ready to accept either of the option.

"Got to the bathroom and give yourself a bath." My sister said after a long breath, "What made you cum this much anyway?"

She had a questioning glare.

I didn't reply and instead ran to the nearest bathroom and closed the door. I removed my clothes and noticed what she meant. I came much more than usual. Probably because of the dream simulation or whatever.

'I need to stop giving these weird occurrences a name', I made a mental note and turned on the shower. The wet cold water felt great on my body. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the flow of water on my body, recollecting the things that have happened to me so far. The weirdest thing of all, if I have to point out is the shadow creature. Did it kill my roommate or did someone else do that? If someone else did that, then should I be worried? Of course, I should be worried. I was feeling ashamed of myself for running away from my dead roommate. What if I could have saved him? What if the injury was not that high? But the amount of blood I slipped on gave me a completely different opinion. 

"Hey, you done?" I heard my sister's voice from the other side as she broke me from my train thoughts.

"Give me a minute." I replied.

"I have made some hot supper for you to eat. I know it is late but just eat it. Also there is a fresh pair of clothes outside the door. Put them on and don't cum in those." 

I heard her giggle as she left.

Damn! She was never letting go of this.

I ate my supper silently as Peter and my sister argued inaudibly in the living room. By the way things were going my sister seemed to be really angry.

I felt the shadow creature look at me with its deep blank eyes. 

"Hungry?" I asked.

It shook its head and deformed itself into a cat form. It didn't surprise me that much considering it was a shadow after all. Shadow that can be touched. Man! My life is getting crazier.

"What do you eat?" I asked.

It changed itself into something that resembled a feather with two wings and turned back into its black cat form.

"Who are you talking to?" I saw my sister walk towards me while Peter sat down on the sofa in the living room sulking.

"This thing." I said looking at the cat.

"Don't bother." I heard Peter shout, "Normal humans can't see it." 

"What do you mean?" I asked back.

"Just what it sounded like." He replied, "The Baaliks live in the fourth dimension. It is not easy, neigh it is impossible for any lesser dimension creatures to see it."

"What about me?"

"We have the Eye of Horus, dude." Peter replied.

"What?"

"Later. Now eat silently."

"So there is an invisible creature here?" My sister asked as she sat opposite to me on the dining table. 

I couldn't look her in her eyes.

"Dude." She chuckled, "Relax. It is not the first time I have seen you cum like that."

I looked at her with a shocked expression, "Wh-what do you mean?"

"Do you really think we were that naïve when you closed yourself in your room. You are not as subtle as you thought."

"All teenagers do that." I replied looking at the food.

She chuckled more.

"So what exactly is happening with you?" She asked and I told the whole story, skipping the adult scenes obviously.

"Did The Clave hurt you bad?" She asked me concerned.

"Yep. But I have high speed healing so the pain didn't last long."

"Did you know about this? I thought you wanted to protect him." She shouted to Peter.

"Seriously? That other Clave is a million times stronger than I am. If I interrupted, he would have gotten angry and killed us both or if I hadn't, after seeing that Scott was not much of a challenge for him he would have just left him alone. And you can thank me later for not interrupting the fight." Peter said to me giving me a thumbs up sign.

"The mall? Did you kill me there?" I asked him.

"Na." He replied, "Those other two dudes with me wanted to throw you off the floor. Which is why I made a scene so that your mother would come running."

"So who killed me?"

"I have absolutely no idea. I was busy holding the other two Claves from hurting you."

"I am glad you are safe now." My sister said and took my plate to the dishwasher.

I washed my hands and mouth and walked towards Peter and sat on the sofa.

"Can you teach me the language of Alvatrians?" I asked him.

"Why?" He asked.

"The Gear is talking to me in one of my dream conversations. He speaks in a language I don't understand and it would be-"

"The Gear is talking to you?" A look of fear coated his face.

"I think it is The Gear." I replied. I was not sure myself.

"What does it sound like? Or better yet, do you remember any of the thing it said?"

"I do. But it is kind of tough rolling of my mouth."

"Tell me." 

I told all that I remembered, which was a lot but the words that came out of my mouth were funny and it broke us both into light chuckles.

"Well, it seems it wants to learn our language as well. But be careful."

"Of what?" 

"The Gear of course. It wants to be whole again so that it can be reborn into its old self."

"Old self? You mean the son of the king?"

Peter nodded.

"And it is a bad thing why?"

"You remember the myths about the entire population of Alvatra just disappearing into thin air right?"

This time I nodded.

"Well, that was because of him."

I looked at him to hear more of the story.

"Maybe another time." He replied as if he read my mind, "Now go sleep. Take rest. It is waaay past both our bed time."

We both stood up.

"There is the guest room. Sleep well."

I looked at the tiled floor and muttered in a low voice, "Sorry."

"What was that?" Peter asked a smile forming on his face.

"Come on!" I protested, "You heard it well."
