 Greetings readers! Welcome to the first chapter of my second story submission. This story is a direct continuation of my previous story, "An Unforgettable Melody." However, the tone and feel of this story will be different enough from my first story that I felt it best to submit it under a different title. As always, please rate and comment; I readily welcome and appreciate all feedback as long as it is respectful. Thanks again for reading. I hope you enjoy. 

***** 

A Bridge Between Worlds Ch. 01 

"YEEEEAHAW!" Mike screamed in exhilaration. 

"Get back here, Braxton! Where do you think you're goin'?" Stuart shouted. 

Since their arrival in Heaven, Mike and Melody had enjoyed everything their new lives had to offer them. Reuniting with friends long gone, learning from so many great leaders from different periods of time, it was better than they could have ever dreamed of. Mike had quickly discovered his new favorite pastime: aerial racing. Though he and Stuart had always had fun racing in video games while they were alive, those experiences couldn't even come close to the feeling of shooting through the clouds at the speed of sound. While Stuart had several decades of practice over Mike, the newcomer was a quick learner and was flying like a pro faster than anyone expected. 

"What's the matter, Stuart?" Mike shot back playfully. "Afraid the new guy might just whip your butt?" 

"You wish!" he replied with a smirk. 

Stuart flattened his body, increasing his speed and gaining ground on Mike. As they approached the final section of the course, consisting of a labyrinth of hairpin turns, Mike extended his arms into a T, beginning a slow barrel roll as he weaved his way through. Stuart kept up all the while, but was unable to take the lead due to Mike's deft maneuvering. Finally falling into a nosedive, the pair raced at breakneck pace towards the floating ring acting as the finish line. Mike focused on keeping his approach line straight, lowering his head once he knew he was on course to ensure that he was as aerodynamic as possible. As the pair passed through the ring and finished their race, they cheered and high-fived excitedly in midair as they waited for the official results. Looking over at the judge's booth, Amelia Earhart studied the instant replay momentarily before rendering her assessment. 

"The winner of this race is... Mike Braxton by a nose!" 

"Yeah!" Mike crowed, victory dancing in midair as Stuart shook his head. 

"Beginner's luck," he said sarcastically. 

Flying slowly back down towards the landing platform, Mike and Stuart were greeted by the Flight Director, Charles Lindbergh. 

"Boys, that was some seriously good flying out there," he said with a smile. 

"Thanks, but we still got nothin' on you, Slim," Stuart replied. 

With a laugh, he replied, "Maybe so, but you two have some serious skill. Come back tomorrow if you're interested in my advanced class. Not for the faint of heart, but you probably knew that already." 

"Sounds great. See ya then!" Mike called as the pair departed. 

The two guys walked back to their neighborhood together, laughing and joking the entire time. As they reached the entrance, they said their goodbyes and went their separate ways. Mike walked leisurely through the neighborhood, waving to his parents as he passed their house. Finally arriving at their house, Mike entered the mansion through the enormous door. 

Melody, I'm home, he thought, unsure of where in the house she was. 

Great timing! I just hopped into the shower. Come join me! 

Excited at the mental image, Mike jogged up the main staircase, stripping off his T-shirt and wind pants as he went. Entering their spacious master bedroom, he could feel the steam seeping from the bathroom. After knocking softly, he entered, dropped his boxer briefs on the floor, and whistled approvingly as he gazed upon the gorgeous redhead waiting for him. 

"There's my man," she purred, glancing seductively over her shoulder. "Have fun flying?" 

"Definitely," he replied, stepping into their large shower with her. "But now, it's time for takeoff." 

Giggling, she replied, "You're such a dork." As he stepped up behind her and wrapped her in his arms, she whispered, "But you're my dork." 

Drawing her close, Mike brushed aside Melody's wet, shoulder-length hair and began softly kissing her neck. He simultaneously cupped her large, D-cup breasts in his hands, running his fingers over her milky white skin. Pausing momentarily, he soon began playing with her nipples, tweaking them gently as she gasped and moaned softly in pleasure. At the same time, he had worked his way up her neck, kissing her all the while, before arriving at her ear. With his hard cock pressing firmly against Melody's ass, he playfully nibbled her earlobe before whispering to her. 

"Bend over." 

"Yes, sir," she replied, her voice dripping with lust and desire. 

Bracing her hands against the shower wall, she thrust her wonderfully curvy ass towards him, wiggling it seductively as she assumed the position. Mike chuckled and gave her a playful spank on each ass cheek, eliciting a pair of delighted yelps from her. Crouching down, he kissed each of her cheeks before reaching his hand between her legs to inspect her womanhood. She was already quite wet, but he wanted her wetter. He slowly began to trace her pussy lips with his fingers, drawing out her juices in the process. 

"Ohhhhhh, yesssss..." she hissed in approval. 

Pleased with himself, Mike then slipped two fingers into her, coating them in her sweet nectar. He started slowly, fingering her deliberately and leisurely, but soon increased his pace as her moans of ecstasy increased. Deciding to torment her further, he withdrew his fingers and teasingly kissed each of her inner thighs. As he worked his way up, he finally arrived at her pussy, running his tongue over her shaven mound before tasting her outer lips. He lapped at her desperately, intending to make her beg for him before he finally took her. 

"Mike... please... I need... your... cock..." she whimpered. 

That didn't take long, he thought with a smile. 

Mike stood and positioned his cock at her entrance, rubbing it over her slick surface for a few moments. Finally aligning the head with her slit, he steadied himself by grabbing her hips and gently pushed himself into her. 

"Uh huh... oh, yes... that's just... what I needed..." Melody purred. 

Beginning to slide in and out of her tunnel, Mike looked up in pleasure. The entire wall of their shower was one large fog-proof mirror, perfect for enjoying the show during their amorous activities. He continued his slow, deliberate pace, savoring every inch of her tight pussy around his member. After several minutes of this pace, Melody looked over her shoulder seductively. 

"You're going too slow, Mike... you'll never cum like that," she said with a grin. 

Chuckling, he replied, "Sounds like someone just needs to get fucked." 

Nodding vigorously, she agreed, "Yes... yes, I need to get fucked. I need to get fucked by my husband's rock-hard cock. Please... fuck me..." 

"Well... since you asked so nicely," Mike said with a smirk. 

Immediately increasing his tempo, Mike firmly grabbed hold of Melody's ass and began to thrust into his wife more passionately. He could feel his balls begin to lightly slap against her mound as he did so, causing Melody to reach underneath herself and rub her clit excitedly. In the mirror, he could see her fantastic tits bouncing and swinging with his every thrust, creating an incredibly sensual visual for him. It was a challenge for him to decide what to watch: her ass, her jiggling tits in the mirror, or the incredible look of lust on her face as she pleasured herself to his fucking. Ultimately deciding on her face, the couple locked eyes through the mirror, feeling their impending climax rapidly approaching. 

Holding onto her waist for dear life, Mike pounded his wife's pussy with reckless abandon. "Holy shit... you're so tight," he growled in pleasure. 

Giggling seductively, she replied, "It's 'cause you're so... big..." 

"Oh? You like your husband's big cock?" 

"Uh huh! Yes, yes, it's the best!" 

Leaning forward, Mike whispered in her ear, "I thought the best was when I used my big cock... to cum inside your pussy." 

"I take it back!" she panted. "That's the best!" 

"So, that must be... what you want me to do, right?" he said, keeping up his frenetic pace. 

"Yes! I need it, I need your cum!" 

"Ask, and you shall receiveeeevOHHH SHIIIIIT!" he said, finally shooting his load into her pussy. 

"Oh, oh, OHOHOH YESSSSSSS! I'M CUMMING!" she replied, feeling her tunnel clench and spasm around his throbbing cock. 

The pair stood under the warm stream of water for several minutes, trembling and catching their breath as they came down from their orgasms. When he was finally able to stand without leaning on the wall, Mike slipped out of Melody's pussy and lathered up some soap in his hands. The couple spent the rest of the shower intimately washing and cleaning each other, fondling and making out the whole time. As they finally turned off the water and stepped out of the bathroom and began drying each other off, their front doorbell rang. 

"Huh? Wonder who that could be?" Mike asked. 

The pair visualized themselves dry and fully dressed, Mike wearing a hunter green polo shirt and blue jeans, Melody in a black V-neck blouse and white mini skirt. Walking down the grand staircase towards the front door, Mike opened it to reveal their guest. 

"Hey, the Braxtons!" Jesus said jovially. 

"Wow, the Son of God makin' a house call!" Mike replied, greeting Jesus with a bro-hug. "Whatcha doin' here, man?" 

"Got something I wanted to ask you guys about. May I come in?" 

"Of course, come on in." 

"Thanks. Melody, you're looking radiant today," Jesus said in greeting. 

"Why, thank you. I owe it all to my better half," she replied, tilting her head at Mike as she spoke. 

Eying the couple, Jesus replied sarcastically, "Uh huh, I bet you do..." 

As Melody giggled and Mike buried his face in his hands in embarrassment, the guys made their way to the kitchen table to sit. Melody brought some lemonade from the fridge before joining them. 

"So," Jesus began, "what I wanted to talk to you guys about today is this: Dad and I have a potential job offer for the two of you, and we wanted to know if you would be interested." 

Perking up, Mike replied, "Well, sure we'd be interested. What kind of job did you have in mind?" 

"Something... unique," Jesus said with a smile. "We want to send you back to Earth." 

"Back to Earth?" Melody questioned. "You mean... back to life?" 

"No, no, nothing like that," he replied with a slight laugh. "You are of God's Kingdom now, and nothing will change that. Rather, think of your job in this as being... liaisons." 

"Liaisons to what?" Mike asked. 

"Patience, my friends. You'll find out in due time. Besides, if the assignment is not to your liking, you only need to say so, and you won't have to continue. So, are you interested?" 

After eyeing each other silently for a few moments, the couple nodded in the affirmative. 

"Excellent!" Jesus replied. "First day on the job begins... now," He said with a snap of his fingers. 

***** 

Breathing deeply, Selena sat peacefully on her favorite sand dune, one of the highest points of the Rub Al Khali. She could see the sand for miles around her, yet paid it no mind, instead gazing up into the starry night sky. Her life had been long and fulfilling, yet she had felt more at peace within herself for the last century than she had for millennia before that. She owed it all to her friends, Mike and Melody. Sighing quietly, she wondered if she would ever see or hear from them again. As she stared off into the distance, she noticed a strange occurrence. 

"A lightning storm? Here?" she wondered aloud. 

As several bolts crackled in the distance, they seemed to continually draw closer to her position. Finally, a brilliant flash of lightning struck mere yards from her, scorching the sand and momentarily blinding her. As she looked up, the smoke and sand began to clear, gradually revealing two figures. Selena ran down the dune to make sure that nobody was hurt, her blue robes flowing in the night wind. Arriving at the center of the blast, she was speechless at what she saw. 

"Well, well. Look at who's come to greet us." 

"Selena! It's so wonderful to see you again!" 

Blinking her eyes several times to ensure she was seeing properly, Selena could only reply, "Mike? Melody?" 

"We're back!" Mike said with his trademark grin. 

"Indeed you are!" Selena replied, wrapping both of them in a warm hug. "What are you doing here? I thought you were dead?!" 

"We are," Melody replied simply. "We're not totally sure of the entire situation, but God has sent us back to Earth for a job He needs us to do. We were told it was as liaisons. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?" 

Selena thought for a few moments before a smile spread across her face. "Come with me," she instructed. 

As the group walked over a few dunes, Selena began to elaborate. "It seems that our prayers have indeed been answered. In the time since your release, Melody, the four tribes of the Jinn have undergone some dramatic changes. These changes, however, have not come without difficulty. Our leader will explain further, but suffice to say, I believe your presence is the answer to our prayers to God for assistance on these matters." 

"Your tribe has been praying to God?" Mike asked. 

With a sweet smile, Selena replied, "Mike, you underestimate how great an impact your life has had on the Jinn of the world. Your noble decisions have not gone unnoticed." 

Before Mike could inquire further, Selena turned with her back to them and stopped, standing in front of a tiny, empty well dug into the ground. With authority, she spoke, "This is Selena, Grand Vizier of the Water Jinn. I am returning home, and I bring friends." 

As soon as she had finished speaking, a faint point of blue light began to shine ahead of them, rising from within the well. Slowly, the light expanded, forming a glowing orb, until it burst open, blinding Mike and Melody. Opening their eyes, they now gazed on an enormous castle made completely of brass. The parapets at each corner appeared to extend upward for miles, with waterfalls cascading down their sides and into the moat surrounding the palace. The grounds were patrolled by a seemingly endless number of guards, all dressed in blue armor bearing the symbol of a water drop on their chest plates and shields. 

"Mike, Melody, welcome to my home," Selena said, bowing gracefully. 

"What is this place?" Mike asked in wonderment. 

Selena replied, "Each of the four Jinn tribes has settled in this desert, finding the harsh conditions ideal to their privacy. This castle is where the Water Tribe has made their home. As you can see, it's presence will only be revealed to a member of the Water Tribe, which I believe is similar to the security measures the other tribes have taken." 

Melody asked, "Do these castles have any connection to the myths and legends about the Atlantis of the Sands said to be hidden in the Rub Al Khali?" 

Giggling, she responded, "In fact, they are the very basis for those legends. Cities made entirely of brass that could disappear into the desert sands... the perfect cover story, don't you think?" 

Arriving at the enormous wooden doors at the entrance of the castle, Selena greeted the two guards and explained Mike and Melody's presence, indicating that they were here to meet with the king. As the guards stood aside, the giant doors slowly creaked open, allowing them entry into the structure. Traveling down the torch lit hallways of the castle, the pair admired the tapestries, antiques, ancient paintings, and other works of art adorning the walls. 

"And here we are," Selena said as they reached a doorway. 

Stepping inside, the group found themselves in a luxurious den. Potted plants stood in each corner of the room, and at the center stood a large, circular coffee table surrounded by comfortable-looking pillows and cushions. Various fruits and snacks sat on the table, along with a large container of hot coffee. As they were about to sit on the cushions around the table, the door once again opened, revealing a large, muscular man. 

"At last! The famous Mike and Melody, in the flesh!" the man said warmly. 

He was quite tall, standing at least 6'6", and had the same shade of mocha skin that Selena had. He wore a blue vest, which he kept open, and long, loose-fitting blue pants which led down to his brown sandals. Copious amounts of gold and brass jewelry adorned his body, including earrings, a necklace, and no less than five rings on his fingers. His face was striking and powerful, with not a hair on his shaven head, save for his black eyebrows; Mike couldn't help but think of how much he looked like Yul Brynner. 

As Mike and Melody stood to meet him, the man extended his hand, shaking each of theirs. "I am King Farzan of the Water Jinn. Welcome to my home." 

"Thank you, your Excellency. It's an honor to be here," Mike replied. 

"No, my friends. The honor is mine," he said with a smile. "Please, sit." 

The group sat around the table, Mike and Melody on one side across from Farzan, with Selena sitting to Farzan's right. "Help yourself, as you are my guests," he said, motioning to the food on the table. 

"Thank you," Melody said, taking a red apple for herself. 

Reaching for a banana, Mike asked, "Sir, I trust that you know more about why we have been sent here, is that correct? We know we've been sent as liaisons, but in what capacity, we don't know." 

"Of course, of course. I shall explain everything. Selena, where shall we start?" 

"From the beginning?" 

"Ah, yes, the beginning," Farzan said, laughing at himself. "You see why she is my vizier? She finds the obvious answer that I miss right in front of me. But, I digress..." 

"We Jinn have existed for millennia, as you are doubtless aware. Four thousand years ago, our existence was common knowledge in these lands, as we had agreements and treaties with the various kings and rulers of these nations. Many of them were deemed wise and trustworthy enough to be blessed with a genie servant of their own, just as you were with Melody. The primary reason for this was to ensure the protection of the ruler. When we encountered a leader who was particularly wise, it was only a matter of time before they made enemies of those who would seek to take their power from them. Gifting them with a genie servant was a simple way to completely avoid the danger of their throne being usurped by shadier individuals. Thus, some rulers in these lands were able to reign for centuries without fear of death. 

"However, all of this changed when the four tribes of the Jinn got wind of a band of humans who had developed their own methods for casting magic. Theirs was not an innate magic, as ours is, and thus required the use of incantations, which they gained knowledge of through stealing our historical records. Thousands of years before the time that I speak of, Jinn did not have innate magic, and had to rely on such incantations to perform our feats of wonder. Though we eventually evolved to our current form, we kept the records of those incantations in the event that we might have need of them in the future. Unfortunately, it was nearly our downfall... 

"These sorcerers were skilled, however their abilities could not come anywhere near those of a pure Jinn or Genie, such as myself or Selena. Sadly, they were strong enough to overpower most any servant genie, and quickly became capable of seizing control of them or even destroying them, should they attempt to resist. Their goal was to gain control of enough of the servant genies that they would have enough power to take on the tribes themselves. They were nearly successful, as in that time servant genies did have the ability to detect the locations of other servant genies. To attempt a plan to counter theirs, all of the rulers who had gained genie servants gathered together to discuss the problem. Though it pained them to do so, they eventually agreed to return their genie servants to their vessels, both for the protection of the genies as well as the people the kings ruled. Without a genie servant to attract the sorcerers, their people would be much safer from the coming war. 
