 Greetings one and all, I'm JT, short for Jon Thomas. I'm over 150 years old. As a mortal I worked for enterprising ladies who sought to sell their most personal and private possession. I would coordinate, facilitate and if necessary intimidate on these ladies behalf. 

I worked the streets in London England, in Brothels of the old American west, and finally in a 20th Century Cat-house in a southern state in America, where my life ended abruptly due to three gunshot wounds to my upper torso.

I thought of myself as a personal assistant. Unfortunately, when I arrived at the pearly gates Saint Peter called me a pimp and sent me to purgatory. I've been stuck in Purgatory for the last ten decades. In order to redeem myself for having taken advantage of these poor delicate flowers and earn my way into heaven. 

I have served as a protector for sexually adventurous women, ensuring that they are kept safe while they seek to satisfy their carnal cravings.

~~~

What's up everybody? Do I have news for you guys.

If you have read my other reports you know about Sharon, the divorcee I was looking out for while she was getting her whore on. 

I was working on another update on the stuff she was doing, when she found herself a new man.

All of a sudden she developed morals and values, and quit the slut life cold turkey. I'll never figure women out.

Since then I'd been having a few slow months, until the other day Saint Peter called me onto his cloud and said, "I've got a cupcake assignment for you. 

How would you like to spend some time on the Riviera?"

You could have knocked me over with a feather. The look on my face said it all. I was happy.

"What's that look you're giving me?" Saint Peter asked. 

After I cleared my throat and lowered my eyes he continued speaking, and added this little nugget. He said, "This trans woman I like and her friend are going on vacation to the Riviera. I want you to make sure they are safe. Do whatever you have to do to ensure they have fun.

"Any questions?"

"No sir," I said. "It's just that after 100 years of you doing me with no grease, I thought I was about to get a plum assignment.

"And then you dropped that last part in there. You buggered me again."

Pete just gave me one if those stares of his, and then said, "My purgatory, my rules."

I just raised an eyebrow and said, "Yes sir. Your rules sir."

So here I am sitting on the wing of this 777 jet that's on its way to the Riviera, while Daisy and Dana are sitting in first class being pampered.

I'm not crazy about getting involved with a woman who's in a man's body, but at least Daisy is hot.

~

Later that day in Daisy and Dana's hotel room:

I'd forgotten how slow and annoying it is to travel like a mortal. 

After nearly nine hours of flying, the two women had to deal with customs. Then they had to survive a cab ride any New York City cabbie would be proud of. I'd had all I could take by the time we arrived at the hotel. 

As soon as the girls were given this room I materialized in here. The ride in the elevator up from the lobby was too slow for me.

I'd been perched on the window ledge for several minutes when I heard the electric lock click. 

As soon as they walked in and sat their stuff down, Dana started scurrying about the room. 

She opened the curtains, pulled back the covers on the bed, and then checked out the water closet, and the bathroom. 

Daisy just leaned against the desk with her arms folded, and she had an amused look on her face. When Dana finished her inspection of the room, Daisy cocked her head to the side and asked, "Does everything meet with your approval madame?" Then she arched an eyebrow.

Dana laughed and then said, "Yep, this will work."

Daisy responded by saying, "Good, I'm going to freshen up, then I want to get something to eat."

Dana was now busy flipping through channels on the TV when she responded and said, "OK, me too."

~

Being the perv that I am, I immediately headed for the bathroom, so I could watch and sniff the girls while they washed up. 

A few moments later Daisy came out of the water closet and joined me in there. When she slipped her pants and boy shorts off, I couldn't believe my eyes. 

She was as pretty, and as fine as any woman I'd ever seen, but she had a man's package attached to a woman's body. 

It was smallish, with a neatly trimmed bush surrounding it. In every other way she was a woman, I mean the only thing she was missing was the musky scent that only comes from pussy. 

To my surprise, the lite musky scent coming from her balls also appealed to me, and I'll admit that my nuts started to swell as I watched her wash her she-cock, balls, and ass crack.

She looked sexy as hell.

As soon as she was finished, she walked back into the room and said, "I'm done in there."

A moment later Dana was standing at the sink wearing only her top. My eyes locked in on her plump mound and the neatly groomed, short, curly hair covering it. Best of all was that musky scent that filled the small bathroom. 

I inhaled deeply, and basked in the glory of the scent of pussy. 

After saturating her rag with very hot water, she spread her legs and wiped back and forth over her womanhood. She then rinsed the rag, before briskly running it back and forth along her ass-crack.

A few minutes later they were dressed again. "That was nice," I thought, as I watched the girls head out the door.

After getting a few tips from the hotel staff at the front desk, the ladies headed out to find some food and explore. 

I decided not to follow them, since it was easy enough for me to monitor their situation by using my hearing. 

In the meantime I decided to go sit on top of the Arc de Triumph and watch the Parisian drivers do their thing.

I'd thought I would need to check my pants during the cab ride from the airport. It nearly scared life back into me. 

Sitting there on the edge of the Arc felt a lot safer than being in one of those cars down there.

Eventually I zipped over and sat on a beam about halfway up the Eiffel Tower and girl watched for a while.

~

Around 1am the two women had showered and flopped into bed. Both of them fell asleep as soon as their heads hit their pillow.

That was great for them but left me with a few hours to fill. Normally when I'm on assignment I try to hookup with someone who I can take human form with. 

Since I'm not allowed to show myself to anyone who isn't connected to the women I'm protecting, there may not be any pussy for me on this deployment

I may not be able to join in, but I can watch, so i decided to tour all the hotel rooms. 

About an hour later I'd toured every floor, and there were only a few couples fucking. Believe it or not I didn't find a single guy jacking-off, or a woman masturbating.

I finally decided to go hangout with other guardian angels until my girls woke up.

~

I was back on the window ledge when Dana started to stir around 6:30 a m. She snuggled up to Daisy for a moment or two, and then her hand started to roam. 

I followed it as it burrowed it's way under the covers like some alien lifeform. I could see her pinching Daisy's nipples, first the right one, and then the left.

When Daisy didn't respond, she started placing tender kisses on her shoulders, neck and face.

When there was still no reaction to her attentions, Dana's hand once again began to explore. Now it was tunneling it's way toward Daisy's sex.

This was getting interesting, and I was getting turned on. I was also surprised that little Dana was the aggressor. 

She had pulled up Daisy's nightie, and kissed her way down to her navel, when Daisy stopped her and quickly hopped out if bed, before she said, "I gotta pee."

Dana giggled and then said, "Me too."

A minute or two later they walked back toward the bed side by side. It was amazing how similar their naked bodies looked, except for Daisy's little half hard cock, which swayed from side to side with each step she made.

As soon as they were back in bed, it was on and poppin. Dana was laying partially on top of Daisy, while she kissed her and ground her pussy on her thigh. Now that it was hot and her juices were flowing, the scent of Dana's pussy was strong, and filled the room.

After a few minutes of sucking Daisy's tongue, she started licking her natural titties. 

I've seen plenty of them in my time, and her's are real. I don't know how, but they're real.

Things got nasty just the way I like them, when Dana got between Daisy's legs though. I was expecting her to suck Daisy's cock, when she held it in her hand and licked the tip, but was I ever wrong. 

After a couple more licks across it's slit, she put the head in her mouth, before looking up at Daisy and grinning. Her eyes sparkled with mischief. 

A moment later she had Daisy's knees pushed up toward her chest, and she was licking her asshole.

"Well damn," I said to myself.

The little minx was stroking Daisy's shaft while licking ever nook and cranny from her nuts to her pucker.

It was obvious they knew how to get each other off. When Daisy started to thrash about, moan and talk to her, Dana crawled up on top of her, and sat on Daisy's she-cock. 

I could tell she knew exactly how to position herself, to make sure she got all of that cute little pussy poker into her. 

She worked her little ass in a circular motion, as she rode that cock like a real cowgirl, and Daisy was telling her how good everything she did felt to her. 

They went at it like that for what seemed like a long time, with Dana talking dirty and dominating Daisy.

I watched each of them cum more than twice before they'd both had enough, and Dana collapsed on top of her.

Apparently Daisy can have lots of orgasms just like some cis women can. 

I had no idea about that. I guess it's true, you're never too old to learn something.

After their lovemaking, the rest of that day, and the evening, was filled with them doing touristy stuff, while I went back and hung-out again, with the local inhabitants of purgatory.

~

The next day they flew to the Riviera. 

It was about a two hours drive from Heres to Nice. I thought we'd never get there. I was tempted to go on ahead of them, but I toughed it out.

I sat on top of the cab this time, as we zoomed along the A57 and A8 highway. It felt safer up there than inside.

The hotel they'd chosen was small and well maintained. Their room was larger than the room in the corporate hotel they stayed in when we were in Paris. The service here was heavenly. As if I'd know what heaven is like.

I was looking forward to watching the girls tour, and look for celebrities in Cannes and Saint Tropez, but those two had a surprise up their sleeves. 

Once the girls had gotten themselves sorted and refreshed, much to my delight I might add.

Instead of putting their clothes back on, and going for a walk along the Promenade, they put on swimsuits, grabbed their huge shoulder bags, and headed to the beach. 

I floated along behind them, watching how their asses moved as they walked. Going to the beach was cool with me, since I was looking forward to checking out all the topless women. 

I soon found out why they chose to go to the beach instead of the Promenade. 

The women on the beach weren't only topless, many were nude, and if that wasn't good enough, some of them were trans. There were also cis men and women out there. The couples were made up of every combination you could think of.

This assignment was getting better and better.

I followed the girls to a spot that provided them with a good view of both the water and the beach. Obviously I wasn't the only one planning to people watch. 

It only took Dana and Daisy a minute or two to get sorted. All they had to do was spread their towels on the sand, and strip naked.

They were giggling like schoolgirls as they removed their bikini tops, before removing the bottoms.

It was pretty hot seeing them naked in public like that.

I sat in the sand at their feet, and listened to them talk, as they checked out the other people on the beach. 

I was looking at them as well as the other sexy bodies all around us. 

I never knew trans women could be so pretty and feminine until that day. 

I took pride in the fact that the trans woman I was looking after was as pretty as any of them.

After watching them for a while I noticed that both of them were checking out the men, and paying little attention to the trans women.

They were talking about what their ideal lover would look like. 

They had been eyeing this guy they both thought was good looking. Dana liked his cock, which was pretty big, even though it was soft. 

Daisy was more interested in his face and body.

When he walked past where they were sitting a couple of times, they made sure he wasn't looking, then they smirked at each other.

That was when I remembered what Saint Peter had said to me. "Make sure they are safe, and do whatever you have do to ensure they have fun."

So I thought about what I could do to make both women's fantasy come true. 

I found them to be sweet and friendly, not all about sex all the time the way Sharon had been. I wanted them to have fun, and I could plainly see they wanted some cock.

The problem was, what I was considering doing was kind of against the rules, but I was on vacation. What better time to do something you'd never do back home, right? Besides, it wasn't like I was going to be making anybody do anything they didn't already want to do.

This is what I did. 

I decided to materialize in my human form and try to seduce both of them. 

I'm a tall strapping, good looking man. At least I was 100 years ago. So I met both women's preference in that department, and I decided to use a little slight of hand when it came to my cock. 

The schlong they would see was almost six inches long when soft, with sizeable girth and a big mushroom head, I knew they would like.

~

When I walked past them I winked. 

A few minutes later I came by again from the opposite direction, I smiled at them that time, and they smiled back at me. I stopped and introduced myself.

Daisy was all smiles as I told her my name was JT. I complemented her, and tried my best to charm her pants off, if she'd been wearing any.

I was standing a couple of feet away from her. My big brown eyes staring into hers. I invited myself to kneel in the sand near her, and the three of us began to chat.

I positioned myself where both of them could have a nice close-up look at my cock. 

It was clear they were interested in me, and our conversation lasted a while. When I sensed it was the right time, I asked them if they'd like to do something that evening. Shortly afterwards we'd made a date to go dancing. Then I excused myself to return to my friends.

A few minutes later, as I walked away I heard Dana speaking under her breath, she said, "Daisy can you believe how perfect he is."

"I know right?" responded Daisy. "It's as if our fantasy guy came to life."

After JT was out of their sight, I switched out of human form, and returned to my spot near Daisy and Dana's feet. Both women were beaming with happiness.

I was looking forward to a very busy evening.

~~~

I was back in my human form. We had danced for a while and had some laughs, but Dana wanted to get down to business. So we headed back to the hotel early in the evening.

As silly and fun-loving as Dana normally was, she was serious about fucking. 

As soon as we closed the door to their hotel room behind us, she was kissing me. Her kisses were demanding, and her hands were busy exploring my body.

When she grabbed my cock and gave it a few quick pumps, I said, "It will get as big as you want it to be."

Dana stopped kissing me and looked into my eyes, and then she asked, "For real?"

I nodded my head and grinned. I was having the time of my afterlife.

A few moments later Dana was holding my shaft in her hand, while alternating between licking the head and tonging the slit. 

The whole thing was nearly nine inches long, and almost as thick as a cola can.

She had to open her mouth wide to get the head inside, and the tips of her fingers couldn't touch the tip of her thumb with it in her hand.

She sucked it the best she could but she mostly pumped it with both her hands and licked it.

When I tried to fuck her I couldn't even get the head in. The size cock she wanted was actually too big for her.

So I let a little bit of air out of it, and then it slipped in. I maneuvered past her cervix, and drove it home. She's short, but her pussy was almost bottomless.

For the next half hour or so I got some of the best pussy I've ever had. 

I can't describe it in flowery language like some writers can. The best I can do, is to tell you it's the kind of pussy that will make you come home early, or make you stay out late at night.

It sure was good to me, and having a cock that was bigger than I was used to, made it even better.

There's nothing that makes you pump your chest out more than hitting bottom when you're fucking.

To make it even better, her inner lips clung to my cock, so they were pulled away from her body on the out stroke, and then pushed into her opening on the down stroke, and she was loving it. 

I'll bet she must have cum a half dozen times, before I filled her pussy to overflowing, with the biggest load of cum I've ever pumped out of my nuts.

~

Meanwhile less than two feet away, in the same king sized bed, Daisy was licking her lips the whole time she was watching us.

She never tired of sucking cock, and she couldn't wait to get her mouth on mine.

I rolled off Dana and laid on my back. 

Daisy was looking at me with desire in her eyes. Having seen how she was when Dana fucked her, I knew she had a submissive side that came out during sex, so I spoke to her firmly, telling her to suck my cock.

Her expression changed to pure joy, before she leaned over and engulfed all of my now less than six inch long cock into her mouth, and cleaned Dana's juices off of it.

The one benefit of my smaller size was, she could put my whole cock in her mouth, while she sucked and licked it.

She never moved her mouth up and down on it. Instead, she would apply suction then ease off slightly, before sucking on me hard again. 

The sensation of being surrounded and sucked was constant. She did that over and over. More times than I could count. And I did try to count, in an attempt to distract myself from the pleasure she was giving me. I had to curl my toes to keep my cock from growing to its natural size. 

Thankfully she sucked me for only a few minutes, before she turned her oral attentions to my balls.

Once she started licking and sucking my nuts, she was pumping my dick with her hand. 

Thankfully it was easier to control myself while getting a handjob, than it was when she was blowing me.

All the while she was servicing me, her own cock was leaking pre-cum, by the way.

Finally it got too good to me and I started to moan and squirm. She joined her hand with her mouth and started to give me one of those blowjobs you see in porn.

She jacked me while sucking me, until I shot two or three good streams of cum down her throat, directly into her stomach.

After I nutted, I laid there breathing hard. Even though I'm not a living person, when I'm in human form, busting a nut still takes a lot out of me.

~

While I was recovering, Daisy and Dana were talking and giggling about what we'd just done.

Then Dana took Daisy's face into her hands and pressed their soft lips together. 

After they broke the kiss Dana said, c'mon over here baby, I know you need a release. 

Daisy sat on the edge of the bed and laid back with her legs spread. Dana got on her knees and right away she began to pump Daisy's she-cock at a blinding speed.
