 Kevin Adams walked out of his crummy apartment and made his way down the street where he laid up against a tall, rusted, wooden fence crossing his arms and his legs. He took a nice hot shower to wake him up and he dipped some cologne on both his wrist and neck. He did a few push-ups and sit-ups naked before he put on his denim colored t-shirt. Some white speedos (His clients really liked that). He put on some denim jeans that matched and some brown leather cowboy boats. He fixed himself some breakfast to eat because he was going to be out there for a long while. After he finished his breakfast he dumped the empty dishes in the kitchen sink. He would wash it later. He walked out the door locking it from behind and headed to work. 

Kevin leaned up against the rusty old wooden fence waiting for one of his clients to come by. Just like he expected, shiny, black, Sudan with tinted windows drove up and parked near the sidewalk where Kevin waited. Kevin walked up to the shiny vehicle. The tinted window on the passenger side rolled down at the same time Kevin leaned in on the door window. 

"How you doing?" Kevin asked in a voice that sounded manly but seductive at the same time. 

The man turned to the young hustler and smiled. Kevin looked down at his pants to see his penis was out and he was stroking it lightly as if he wanted to take his time. Knowing the old man very well, he wanted to wait until he jumped in his car and they sped off to an isolated location where both of them could be alone and finally get some release together. 

"I'm doing fine Kevin and how are you?" The old man smiled. 

"Better now that you drove all the way down here to see little old me." Kevin smiled. 

"Oh it wasn't any trouble. And you are definitely not little." 

Kevin's smile widened even further. He pulled the lever and opened the door. The door was always unlocked every time he drove to his location spot. After Kevin was nice and settled in his clients comfy car, they drove off together to start the morning off. 

Deona D. walked into Joe's Market, a small town grocery store to buy a couple of groceries for dinner tonight. 

"Hello Miss. D." The young pretty girl with red hair tied in a ponytail greeted. 

"Hello Kelly," Miss D. greeted back, "how are you doing this fine wonderful morning?" 

"Oh just swell and you?" 

"Blessed like always." 

A delighted smile spread across Kelly's face. Every time Miss. D walked into the store she was always smiling as if she won the lottery. To what Kelly has heard, Miss D. has never been married, never had a boyfriend, and lived alone. She was sixty-five years old and always wore a light blue hat that covered her blonde frenzy hair, she hardly wore much make-up but without it Kelly bet she was very attractive for her age. She always wore a dress. Pretty old fashion but interesting all the same. Today she was wearing a pink dress with beautiful garden like flowers all over. And to top it all off she wore a pink, wool, covering that looked like the thin, wool, version of a jacket. Probably sowed it together herself. Either way, Miss. D was the light of her life and one of her favorite customers. The whole world maybe ending tomorrow, but it wouldn't matter to Miss D.. It was like she always stayed on the positive every day. In all her years of working in her father's store, she has never seen Miss. D looking soured or sad about anything. Kelly didn't think it was possible. If there were more people like her, the world would be a wonderful place. 

"How is your father?" Miss D. asked. 

"He is a little weak right now but he is doing fine." Kelly responded. For 40 years Joe Robinson has paid, built, and created his store along with her mother Elana Robinson. Together they created a family business where people can walk in and buy as much as they can. It was nothing compared to Wal-Mart but the prices were cheap and the business is still carried on today thanks to her. 

"Well, tell him that he will be in my prayers." Miss. D said. 

"Thank you." 

"Good welcome." 

Both women went back to their duties. Miss. D went and took a shopping cart and began browsing around finding all the ingredients for dinner tonight. After she was done she went up to the counter where Kelly was ready to ring her up. 

"Found everything alright Miss. D?" Kelly asked cheerfully. 

"You know it," Miss. D responded, "I have a lot to do today." 

"Really, doing some spring cleaning?" 

"Nope, better. Fixing dinner." 

"Alone?" 

"Nope, I'm having a visitor." Miss. D smiled delighted. She flashed her pure, white, teeth. Kelly wondered if she was a model some time ago. She really knew how to take care of herself. 

"Oh really? Anyone I know?" Kelly asked not surprised but happy that Miss. D finally met someone. 

"Oh just an old friend out of town. He is off on business, but he was passing through. So he called and asked if he could come over." 

Kelly flashed a mischievous smile on her face. "Is he spending the night?" 

Miss. D chuckled. "Kelly you are so funny. I let you know how it turns out." And just like that she too flashed Kelly a mischievous smile and flashed a wink just to make sure Kelly got the hint. 

Kelly wasn't sure if Miss. D and her were thinking the same thing. But if so, Kelly had to give the man credit. With a beautiful woman like Miss. D she was sure this evening was going to be an interesting one. Now only if she could find someone to share the night with. 

The old man parked right in the middle of the alley like they always park. Here nobody was around, not even the cops. Either because there was nothing to do there, it was too scary for anyone to pass through, or there were no major incidents where the police needed to be informed. 

To Kevin the whole thing looked scary. He even worried that his first client was going to do something volatile to him and dump him here in the middle of nowhere. Kevin's father was an alcoholic and used to beat him constantly, as if he needed to release some stress upon the world. His mother was a nut case. Knowing what her husband was doing was wrong, but afraid to do something about it in case good old dad would turn his open hand on her. Instead she told him to not say anything to his father at his drunken state in hopes to not make him mad. And hide as best he can just in case his father was in the mood. Kevin finally got the common sense to pack his shit and get the hell out while he still can. He was his mother's problem now. 

Because of being born with bad luck, he never attended school. He saw no point. And he started living off the streets. It wasn't until a car parked right in front of him where the tinted window rolled down and there was a man. Not the man he was with now, but more handsome, with light brown eyes. 

"Need a ride?" The man asked with a friendly and handsome smile. 

Hot and hungry Kevin was more than obliged to nod and jump in the vehicle with this strange man. 

The man's name was Michael. He didn't give his last name which Kevin knew it must have been of some importance. Michael took him to a crummy hotel where he was supposedly staying. Kevin noticed how sharp Michael dressed and the Nissan he was driving looked pretty new. To Kevin this meant that this place was not his place of residence. 

Michael opened the door with his card key and walked in. He stepped aside and let Kevin in. Michael turned on the light letting Kevin look around. There was one television set on a wooden dresser. The carpet was brown but he could have sworn he saw some dark stains on the carpet. There was one bed well made but he wondered what other perverts walked in this room laying in that bed before them. And the room smelled like a group of people have been smoking cigars in there all day. His house he ran away from was more sanitized than this. 

"It's not the Hiltons but it's something right?" Michael said with his creepy smile. 

Kevin heard the door closed behind him. It sounded like the door closing in on his doom. 

"The bathroom is up ahead," Michael said, "I'm not trying to get smart or nothing, but something tells me that it has been awhile since you took a shower." 

Kevin knew he was right but it was after the shower he was worried about. 

After Kevin walked out of the shower he realized his clothes were gone. He turned to the man standing before him and with shock. Michael stood naked in front of him with the same handsome but creepy smile. 

"Well, I guess both of us were thinking the same thing when we came here now weren't we?" Michael said. 

He didn't know about Michael but Kevin was surprised. Michael stood before him naked. Kevin didn't notice it before. Either that or he didn't care but Michael looked a lot bigger without his clothes on. His biceps and triceps were bigger than his. His pecs were big and well squared with big round dark, pink, nipples. Kevin had nice squared abs but Michael's was much bigger. Kevin looked down further between Michael's thick, white, thighs, and saw that his penis was a little thicker and bigger than his. Just thinking of what Michael was going to use that on or even if he was going to use it at all made Kevin's heart race. 

"You like what you see?" Michael asked with his creepy, handsome, smile. Kevin didn't say a word. He didn't know what to say. He has never felt anything for a man before. In fact, he has never felt anything for a man or woman. He supposes life didn't give him the chance to experience that feeling. "Why don't you come over here so I can get a better look at you?" 

Kevin swallowed hard and walked over slowly hoping nothing too scary would happen. It wasn't until he was face to face (Or face to chest) where Michael placed both his strong hands on Kevin's body. One hand around his back and the other squeezing his buttocks so hard it hit every nerve in Kevin's body making him jump. 

"You know fit as you are, you feel like a baby's bottom," Michael said. 

Kevin didn't know if that was some prison statement he never heard about or that was some sort of gay seductive overtone that was supposed to get a rise out of him. Either way Kevin was screwed, literary. 

"Get down on your knees," Michael ordered. This time his voice did not sound seductive. Kevin did what he was told and got down on his knees, "now does it look pretty from down there?" Kevin looked down as his massive member. He didn't know if it was the trick of the light or his mind was playing tricks on him by fear. But he swore it was pulsating and growing. Kevin looked up at Michael who stared down balefully pleased at what he brought home. "Well, what are you waiting for? You know what to do." 

Kevin looked back down at his semi-hard penis and took it in his hand. It felt so weird touching somebody else's penis besides his own. Kevin didn't really know what to do since he has never seen how pleasing a man (Or woman) was done. He never had seen a porno before. Suddenly, just by guessing, Kevin began stroking it slowly and carefully as if he was not sure what Michael really wanted. 

"That's it boy," Michael said his eyes lids closing up and down as if he was feeling some spiritual release, "stroke it nice and slow." Kevin guessed that he was doing something right. So he kept stroking it. "Now spit on it." 

Kevin looked up at Michael confused as if what he just said was something alien to him. Michael looked down at Kevin as if he must have not heard him clearly. But Kevin did. He looked straight at the pulsing head of his penis. He could see the opening in his pee slit getting bigger as if it was struggling to breathe. Kevin gathered up all the saliva in his mouth and spit hard on the whole thing making Michael sigh in eroticism. 

"Oh yeah," Michael said sounding approved, "that was a good one. The best I have ever had." 

Kevin continued stroking his hard penis up and down while moistening it with his saliva. 

Suddenly, Kevin felt two strong hands on the back of his head and with great force pulled him towards the strong, pink, head of his penis. Kevin didn't need to ask what to do next. He quickly opened his mouth as wide as he could and took Michael's whole cock in. Michael showed he didn't care if it was Kevin's first time. He forced the whole thing in slowly but farther in until Kevin nearly choked feeling his member hit the back of his throat. 

Kevin started coughing violently hoping that was enough to make Michael pull out to see if he was okay. But all Michael did was ram it back in his mouth as if he wanted his penis to take full control of his body. 

"Come on now," Michael said pushing his hard cock in and out of Kevin's mouth like he was his wife, "it's always hard the first time." 

Speaking of his wife. She was probably at home with his two children, a boy and a girl, fixing dinner right about now. Michael should have been home earlier but he was already married to the prune. So she would understand that his needs were met first. Matter of fact, she wouldn't understand. He tried to make her perform the same way Kevin was performing now. The only problem was his wife was a fucking, religious, nut. Even before they had kids, his wife refused to go down on him. Because of her moral upbringing, she thought putting privates in that way was some work of the devil. Like giving head was forcing Satan out of hell to conquer the world or something. Stupid bitch. 

Of course he tried female prostitutes for a while and he had to admit it was fun. But he wanted something more. A challenge. And that is probably why he turned to men. He didn't consider himself a fag or anything. It was just that getting a naïve, young, and handsome man to lose his dignity, respect, and self-worth turned him on for some strange reason. As if damaging these uneducated fucks made him feel more than man. It made him feel like a king. Who would want to say no to that? 

Michael braced himself as he felt the fluids stirring in his testes. "Oh shit," Michael cried, "here it comes, your first time!" His balls erupted with a force that felt painful at first but calmed after the warm, white, fluids traveled through the shaft in quick seconds and shot out through the head. 

Kevin wanted to pull Michael's dick out of his mouth but he held his head there while the cum shot out into his mouth and down his throat. 

"That's it bitch," Michael said balefully, "suck the shit out of that dick. Take all that shit." 

Kevin wondered if there was a camera in that crummy room they were in. The whole thing felt like some sort of sadistic, gay, porn video they were making. 

Michael's cum tasted weird. Gooey and salty. Nothing he has ever had in his entire life. 

Finally, after the last drop was sucked out of him, Michael pulled his cock out of Kevin's mouth. Relieved that it was over (Hopefully) Kevin got down on his hands and spit out the rest of the white, saliva mixed, goo on the floor. Now that Kevin has thought about it, maybe that's where all those spots come from? 

"Well, kid I have to give it to ya," Michael finally spoke fondling with his clothes. Putting back on, Kevin hoped, "I have never gotten head like that in my whole entire life. Kid, you're going places." 

Kevin gave Michael an unsatisfied smirk. He really doubted that. 

After showing Michael what he can do in the bedroom for the first time in his life, he told Kevin to finally get dressed so he could drive him back and be home for dinner. Of course Kevin knew it was his wife and kids he was talking about. 

After Michael parked where he picked Kevin up the first time, Kevin quickly opened the door ready to get out of the jerks car. 

"Wait a minute," Michael said grabbing onto Kevin's arm with one strong hand. Kevin wondered what other sexual favors the pervert wanted. 

"Yes," 

"Aren't you forgetting something?" Kevin rolled his eyes. Please do not say this man wants another blowjob. He thought he may have to fight to get this fool off him. "Here," Michael went in his pocket and pulled out a dollar bill and handed it to Kevin, "for you, for services rendered." Kevin looked down at the green paper confused. "Well don't just gawk at it, take it." 

Kevin did what Michael edged on and took the money in his hand. Without asking any questions he jumped out of the car and stood at the corner looking at the dollar bill. 

"Fucking kids these days." Michael said and drove off into the night. 

Kevin looked down at the dollar bill. It wasn't a dollar bill at all. It was a hundred! Kevin looked at the side and with his thumb and index finger and forced the hundred dollar bill aside. Now he wasn't looking at one hundred dollar bill, but more! $100.00, $200.00, $300.00. Three hundred dollars just for a couple of hours of good head! And Michael didn't last very long either. This was enough for him to find a cheap place to stay, buy some fast food to hold him over, and to save the rest just in case he needed it. 

Michael finally found Kevin's calling as if he was the messenger from the Gods. Though Kevin didn't want to jump too far into conclusion, but he was sick and tired of living out on the streets and he needed some place to eat and stay for a while. His jaw, teeth, and mouth felt weird but he finally found some use for it. Kevin wondered what else he would get to service men (Young and old) if it meant a roof over his head and food on the table? 

And here he was sitting in the car next to his repeated customer, Allen Carter. Or Mr. Carter. At least that's what he wanted to be called. Throughout the whole ride Mr. Carter would be playing with himself with one hand while stirring the wheel with his other. He would be paying attention to the road without looking like he would feel that euphoric state most people would be in when they are thinking about whatever erotic thought while touching themselves. After months of getting to know each other better, Kevin found out that Mr. Carter was not only a pervert but was a principle at an elementary school. He is married with two children, a boy and a girl, who also attended his school. 

As they parked in the alley, Mr. Carter not once stopped playing with his pecker. And if Kevin was sure of it, his pecker didn't soften one bit. 

"Well Kevin, you know the rules while you are in my car. Shirt off please." Mr. Carter said but sounded like a playful order. 

Kevin flashed him a deep smile. Mr. Carter always love playing these type of kinky games. "Yes sir." He reached down at the bottom of his shirt and with a swift quickness took off his shirt showing Mr. Carter his plumped hard pecks. Muscularly lean triceps and biceps. And those small rectangular, squared, abs that seemed to flex on their own. 

It was like having a real live super model sitting right next to Mr. Carter in his own car. 

Without any further instructions, Kevin began unbuckling his pants. 

"Now, now, Kevin," Mr. Carter said in his old seductive voice, "take your time now. I have all day you know?" 

Kevin knew he was right. The rest of his clients would pass by his place looking for him. When they saw he wasn't there, they knew he must have been working. Poor saps were so horny and desperate they would waste their gas circling around for minutes, probably hours to see if Kevin was through with his last client. They wanted to get off so bad, they didn't even care if he took a shower or not. 

Kevin unbuttoned and slowly unzipped his pants. Mr. Carter never took his eyes away from Kevin's crotch. The anticipation on his face was like watching something amazing about to happen that was going to change his life forever. Kevin pulled down his underwear showing his shaved pubic bone like he was a new found baby. He reached in with one hand and pulled out what Mr. Carter thought he was so gifted for. 

Mr. Carter looked down at his long member. It was flaccid at first but he knew better. The young lad was just getting started. 
