 John awoke the next morning refreshed and excited. He jumped out of bed and hovered over the ornate wooden box his grandfather had given him yesterday. He wondered if he should open it again. He pictured the small winged creature that resided inside. He remembered how she had attacked his cock and brought him to one of the best orgasms of his life. He also remembered how she relished his cum and drank nearly every drop of him until she collapsed.

Slowly John undid the latch on the box and peeked inside. She still lay there, curled up on her side. Her chest rose and fell rhythmically in deep sleep. Her translucent wings, folded behind her back, shimmered as the light touched them. John opened the box all the way and gently traced the curve of her body with a single finger. She did not even stir at his touch. Her tiny features seemed even more beautiful to him today.

He gingerly closed the box. He wondered how long she would sleep and what would happen when she did wake. Would she attack him again like last night? John hoped as much. He also desperately wished he could ask his grandfather about it, but he had passed due to lung cancer several days ago.

Suddenly his phone beeped inside his pocket, notifying him of class in thirty minutes.

"Shit," he said aloud has he raced into the bathroom to get showered and dressed. He was still a full time college student and this little mystery would have to wait. John found it hard to keep his mind on the lectures today. Thoughts of a tiny, perfect naked body hugging his cock kept drifting into mind.

Suddenly he felt something hard poke him in the ear.

"What the fuck," John said aloud and turned sharply to find his friend Tom with a pencil in his hand.

"Shh," he whispered as they were still in class, "what's with you man, I've been whispering your name past five minutes."

"Sorry," John replied, also in a whisper, "just kind distracted today."

"I get it, I heard about your grandpa. That's sucks man, I'm sorry."

"Thanks."

"Hey, you want to hit up the bar after class, on me, help you to forget a bit."

"Yeah sure, but just for a couple."

A couple of beers turned into six or eight. By the time he got home John had a fairly good buzz going. He stumbled into his one bedroom apartment and collapsed onto his bed. He was just about to drift off when he heard a soft jingle in his left ear. He turned his head slightly and there she was, the winged creature from the box. She was standing on his pillow, still completely naked, with here hands on her hips and her feet about shoulder width apart. She stared at him, motionless except for her translucent wings which opened and closed slowly behind her.

"H-h-hello," John said hesitantly.

She stared back at him blankly for a few seconds then responded in her chime like language.

"I can't understand you," he replied, "can you understand me?"

She said nothing, but continued to stand there studying his face. Then a small smirk spread across her lips and she took off. John sat up with jolt, startled. She flew a few laps around the ceiling of his small apartment and then landed softly on his knee. She perchered herself on her hands and knees, still wearing the mischievous smile she had before. Then like a bolt she flew right at him and hit him hard in the chest. The blow knocked the wind out of him and his caused him to lay back down. He felt dizzy and his vision blurred from both the impact and the booze,

When he began to refocus the first thing he noticed was a sweet, berry like smell. He quickly realized the creature was now standing directly on his face. She had one foot planted firmly on his jaw and another right between his eyes.

John's first reaction was to sit up by when he tried, she beat her wings furiously which forced his head to remain firmly against the pillow.

"Alright I won't get up," John surrendered. This seemed very similar to the previous night and he was more than willing to give her the reigns again. Besides, she seemed incredibly strong, and he doubted it would go well if he resisted.

She continued to stand there, looking down at him, and he up at her. John hadn't really seen her this close before. He had a clear few of the underside of her round, firm breasts. Her hard, pink nipples stabbed at the air as her bosoms defied gravity. Due to how her feet were placed, he could also clearly make out the tender folds of her pink slit. It glistened as it caught the light entrancing him.

When the creature noticed John's attention on her vagina, a wide smile spread across her face. With a flick of her wings she jumped up off his face and seated herself on his lower lip. Her legs were split across his mouth, knees squeezing his cheeks for support. The intoxicatingly sweet smell intensified as John's nose was buried in her crotch.

She then began to rotate and squirm her hips against his lips, parting them in the process. John got the hint and darted the tip of his tongue out just enough to brush the edges of her hairless pussy. She chimed lustily in satisfaction and steadied herself with her hands on his forehead. John pushed his tongue into her a bit more, parting her silky folds. The sweet taste of strawberries laced the tip of his tongue matching her natural perfume that filled his nostrils.

The creature then started to grind herself forcefully down onto his tongue. John took the hint and moved his tongue in time with her hips. At each thrust she chimed in pleasure as her climax built. John could feel her legs tighten against his face and knew she must be close. He pushed his tongue further into her, enveloping the whole of her clit as she ground herself down onto him one last time.

She fell forward onto his face and clenched his hair in her fists. Her legs trembled against him and she let out a noise like a wind chime caught in a thunderstorm. A fresh swath of sweetness washed over John's tongue as she leaked her orgasmic juices onto his face. At the exact same moment, a single thought filled John's mind, Aurora.

When her climax subsided, she slowly sat back up on John's chin. She was still breathing heavily but she looked into his eyes with a satisfied smile on her face.

"Aurora," John said slowly as to not knock her off his jaw. He found he enjoyed feeling the heat of her pussy against his chin and did not want to accidentally dismount her.

"Aurora is your name isn't it?" She only responded with a smile and by brushing a hand along his cheek.

Somehow John's had learned her name. At the height of her orgasm, it was all he could think about. As his mind raced to come up with a reason, one thought clearly materialized as if he knew it all along.

"You spoke to me through your orgasm," John said aloud. Aurora simply continued to stare at him, "is this how you communicate?"

John pondered this for about a minute while she lovingly stared at him. Then another thought entered his mind, this one of his own conjuring.

"I want to know more," and as he said this his gaze dropped back down to her swollen pussy. Aurora smiled wickedly and slid back up to his lips. She let out a satisfied chime when his tongue again made contact with her sensitive slit. John considered going easy on her, but he had to know more about this creature. He desperately wanted answers and her pleasure held the key.

He dove his tongue forcefully against her suddenly. She let out a brief squeak in surprise and he lifted her bottom off him ever so briefly. She responded with a flurry of her wings, which drove her back down. This forced his tongue partly back into his mouth and partly inside her warm hole. Her eyes narrowed at him for a few moments before the pleasure began to take back it's hold over her.

They continued this back and forth for quite some time. John driving his tongue hard into her, lifting her light body up slightly, followed by Aurora forcing herself back down on him with inhuman strength. Each time he could feel his tongue being squeezed inside her millimeter by millimeter. Her chimes of pleasure had now turned into squeaks of ecstasy. Her body was beaded with sweat from her lustful exertion. Her hands each clutched one of her breasts as they bounced up and down, in time with his miniature tongue fucking. As her orgasm built her pussy became like a mini vice on the tip of his tongue. It miraculously squeezed and drew him inside her simultaneously with each thrust.

Soon the pleasure overwhelmed her and she impaled herself one final time. The force of her orgasm pushed his tongue out with a splash of vaginal juices. As John licked every drop of the desert like liquid from his lips, images filled his mind.

He saw a grassy clearing in the middle of a dense forest. In the center, stood a towering tree. It dwarfed the surrounding trees of the forest in both height and fullness. Within the branches John saw small shapes flying through the leaves and swirling around the trunk. There were dozens of them of various colors but all roughly the same size as Aurora.

As Aurora's climax receded, so did John's vision. She collapsed on top of his face once more. John was having none of it however and mercilessly moved his tongue between her legs again. As he swirled the tip of his tongue at her clit she screamed chimes at him and grabbed his face tightly with her arms and legs. He felt her hot breath on his cheek as she panted. Her entire body trembled against him as another orgasm fell upon her. More juice gushed out of her onto his waiting tongue. Each batch seemed sweeter than the one before it and took on a creamier texture.

Pictures of a poorly lit room filled his mind. The ceiling was slanted and unfinished and there piles of boxes and junk strewn all over the place. It took John a few seconds but then he recognized the place as his mom's attic. He hadn't been up there in years but he was sure that's what he was being shown.

Not even letting her catch her breath, John continued to assault Aurora's nether regions for more sweet secretions and information. Aurora had not even come down from her previous orgasm when John lit up her pussy for the fourth time. Orgasmic waves crashed over each other sending her to new heights. Her head was awash in a sea of pleasure and she was blissfully drowning.

This time John saw his own engorged cock. He was ejaculationing ropes of thick white semen into the air. Due to the intensity of Aurora's double orgasm she continued to cum longer than before. The images of John's cock likewise continued to spew jet after jet in what seemed like a never ending loop.

She finally collapsed into a shaking, panting mess. She slid off his chin and fell onto his chest, in a soaked and slippery lifeless heap. Sweat and juice covered her entire body. Her blonde hair was damp and matted against her face. She was utterly spent.

As John watched her, he became concerned that he may have pushed her to far. She certainly had the physical strength to resist him, but perhaps not the mental fortitude to undergo so many back to back climaxes. He thought about last night and how voraciously she had devoured his seed. This may have been why the last images she showed him was of his spurting cock. Perhaps it was the type of sustenance she needed.

Gingerly he scooped her in his hand. She felt so light and delicate now. He laid her near the edge of the bed careful to keep her on her side. He stood up and slid off his shorts. His member, naturally fully aroused by now, sprang free. It didn't take but a few strokes before a bead of precum dotted his engorged head.

Being near the edge of his bed she was roughly at waist height so he gently moved his cock near her face. He was still not certain if this would help or just make her more of a mess. Regardless he was itching for relief and the sight of her oversexed body was more than stimulating.

Awkwardly, he guided his cock toward her face. When he was within an inch she inhaled deeply and stirred. No sooner had the drop of precum touched her lips, her eyes fluttered open. Her lips parted and the bead entered her mouth.

Even this small amount seemed to give her renewed strength. She drew her legs underneath and wrapped her arms around his cock head. Slowly she pulled herself up to her knees. As soon as she had steadied herself she pressed her mouth to the slit of his penis. She ran her tongue along it lapping up whatever moisture she could find. Unsatisfied with what was on the surface, she used her hands open his slit and suctioned her lips to it. John could feel the suction of her mouth and the painfully, pleasurable stabbing of her probing tongue inside him.

When she had gotten what she could, she removed her mouth and rewrapped her arms around his cock head. She leaned back on the bed and guided his member with her, until his length was directly resting into top of her. She then proceeded to lick the sensitive underside of his tip while her hands massaged the rest. At the same time she pushed her feet into his ball sack. John could feel her small soles rolling and kneading his scrotum while her toes deftly danced across each testicle.

Aurora kept manipulating him this way, encouraging more and more precum to form. Whenever a new bead would emerge, she would lap it up hungrily. Each time she drank, her grip on his cock head got a little tighter and her legs pushed on his balls a little harder. 

She was adept at keeping him right at the verge of climax. Fluid now leaked almost continuously out of his slit, but still she would not push him over the edge. His entire length was swollen and strained against her ever strengthening grip. His mushroomed head was larger and more purple than he had ever seen. His balls were sore from both the lack of release and continually increasing roughness of her feet.

Sensing his frustration, Aurora took one last painful draught from John's precum fountain, before sliding her body up and grabbing his shaft firmly between her thighs. In this position, his cock head was now laying between her breasts. She used them and her and hands to vigorously stroke his head, swirling and kneading his swollen flesh in every direction. Using her hips she was able to stoke his length with her legs, while she rhythmically squeezed with her clamped thighs.

John jerked up slightly at the new sensation, lifting Aurora off the bed. She was still firmly secured to his shaft with her legs. Suspended in space, she hooked her ankles around him and used her wings to stoke his length with her entire body. Each stoke plunged his cock head into her pillow soft breasts while her thighs continued to squeeze him, pleading for his seed.

Soon, John had no choice but to comply. His balls tightened underneath him and he erupted over her. Hot white cum painted her chest and face. She slurped it down as his cock continued to spasm, pumping out more cum than he thought possible.

Aurora, still hanging on by only her legs however, did not let a drop touch the floor. She directed each jet onto her chest and stomach, all while devouring it with blinding speed. By the time his orgasm subsided, she and consumed most of it and was lapping up the warm remnants dribbling out of his softening cock. For good measure she got the last drops out of him by pumping her thighs, still wrapped firmly around his shaft.

When she was satisfied, she released him and flitted into the air and landed deftly in her open box. She sat down and began licking and wiping up what small morsels she had missed on her body. John watched as she let out a giant yawn before laying down on the inlaid cushions. Before John had even walked over to the box, she was fast asleep.

"Goodnight Aurora," he said as he gently closed the lid. 

John stood there a while staring at the wooden box in silence. He had learned a lot about this wonderful creature tonight. His grandfather was right in calling her a treasure and he would do right by him and her. 

Some things still bothered him however. Two of the visions she had communicated to him he did not fully understand. The clearing with the tree must be where she was from, which indicated there may be more of her kind, but its location was not clear. Then there was the vision of his mom's attic. He had no idea why Aurora would show him that, but it must be important.

John looked at the clock beside his bed. It was half past midnight. Tomorrow he would head over to his mom's for a visit.