 NOTE: All the characters in this story are above 18 years old. 





In the dim room I laid, surrounded by a circle of sex fiends, their leader by my side as we took in the most tragic spectacle of all: the fall of an angel. Even in darkness, the light of heaven seemed to fall on her, highlighting her like a lone lamb before the wolves.

Lailah, the angel, looked at me pleadingly, her misty, blue eyes meeting mine, searching for any help or sympathy. I had plenty of the latter but none of the former, my hands just as chained as hers. There were great, iron restraints clasped over her wings, magical runes sparking to life each time she tried to break out of them.

Her golden hair curved around her luminescent globes like swirled honey, emphasizing the soft, round shape of her tits as they trembled within her ethereal dress. I could see the glowing outline of her curvaceous body writhing and shivering underneath the billowing white silk. The heavy peaks of her buxom chest bobbed and quaked to her movements, her body shivering to the traitorous feelings of arousal instilled by the succubus.

Katie, the succubus, ran her tongue along the angel's neck, moaning like a whore, grazing her lips before pulling down to her midriff, ripping away a piece of white gossamer cloth and revealing a taut, shapely belly, writhing to Katie's tantalizing touch. 

Katie's locks had lengthened since her damnation, reaching down her sleek back like a waterfall of ebony, brushing the firm swells of her curvaceous bottom. Runnels of sweat streamed down the back of her legs, as she began to grind herself against Lailah's thigh, a low moan leaving her lips as she indulged herself.

Lailah stood in stark contrast to everyone else in the room, her bright, glowing form sending rays of light over the assemblage of succubi. Katie was like a shadow before her light, her ample curves cast in silhouette, her ripe, feminine endowments jiggling as she groped and entwined herself around the pure angel's own voluptuous form. 

I watched as Katie gripped the angel by the waist, her claws squeezing and kneading the thick yet shapely mounds of her ass. Lailah moaned in dissent, turning her head away as the succubus came in for a kiss. Katie's supernaturally long tongue licked along her neck instead, sliding over the angel's supple skin, immaculate and glowing with her inner virtue.

Lisa, or K'ama-handra, as her coven called her, leaned back with me on the bed as we took in the twisted display. Her breasts provided me the ultimate torment, being able to just see the upper swells of her milky globes, the rest of their smooth fullness wrapped and pushed up by bands of purple silk. She kept the palm of her hand stroking my cock, still eager for a feminine touch even after my fuckfest from the previous night.

Her moist lips came to the edge of my ear. "When the sweet little angel has fallen...she will drink of all the suffering and despair your soul has to offer...and then the end of creation shall follow!" she said it with casual excitement, as if world ending was just another hobby of hers. I looked to Primaphela, one of my demonic daughters, from across the room.

Using the telepathic device she implanted in my tongue, I made my silent words resound through the ocean of silence that separated us. "DO SOMETHING NOW!". My life and that of Lailah's were on the line. Shit, the fate of all of existence was on the line! But did she do something? Nope. She just shrugged her shoulders and wandered off into the darkness.

Meanwhile, Katie had torn away Lailah's white gown, letting the angel's large, pearlescent breasts bounce forth, her smooth, creamy mounds glowing with holy light as the succubus pawed lustfully at their yielding softness. Lailah shuddered as Katie sucked upon her breasts, her stomach writhing as Katie's tail teased her pussy, tracing around her lips, and trailing in between her angelic ass cheeks, her demonic tail leaving behind an oily smear of her arousal as it caressed her silky skin.

Lailah looked away from the violation of her body, staring up into the ceiling. "Lord help me! Your most faithful servan-" she was cut short as Katie's tail impaled her womanhood, easily parting through her folds as the angel's inner walls instinctively clutched onto the thick intruder. "NOOOO!" It was then Katie grabbed her by the face, giving her a messy kiss, devouring the poor woman's lips.

The angel's eyes broadcast bewilderment and fear. Katie had pressed herself against her, her huge tits rubbing against Lailah's pouting endowments, moaning into the angel's mouth as she savored the sensation of penetration. I could see Katie's muscular bottom bounce as she did some exploratory thrusts, the sides of her firm cheeks flexing with each movement while their combined perspiration made their soft globes slide against each other like dueling peaks of carnal flesh.

As Katie moaned, a screaming gale of wind rushed through the room, making some of the assembled succubi scream in turn, others catching on fire instantly. The succubi linked their hands together, chanting some sort of ancient language as glowing red lines spread underneath the floor, their bodies beginning to smoke as a golden light emanated from Lailah's radiant skin.

Lailah was no simple woman, and it looked like God had imbued his angels with a little more resistance to corruption than he did his mortals. A prominent halo of white light appeared above her head. Lisa had me pushed down into the bed with one hand as she shouted orders to her fellow succubi. "Do not stop! Die for me and know Lilith's paradise!" Some of the succubi at the outer edges of the circle were beginning to disintegrate, turning into glowing cinders as more golden light and howling gusts of wind emanated from Lailah.

Katie was no longer so eager in her lewd attentions, in fact the only thing she seemed to be doing was holding very still, her tail making slight motions while she kept Lailah sealed to her lips. I could see her starting to struggle, beginning to slip away from the angel as the edges of her hair began to sizzle, her skin starting to redden, like a really bad sun burn was about to set in. 

Lisa screamed, now putting her own thoughts and power to the ritual her diminishing ranks were failing to uphold. "Do not yield Mephala! We have come too far to turn back, to fail Lilith!" Mephala. Guess that was Katie's new name. Made me wonder what mom's new name was, not that it mattered. I was captivated by the fear that filled Lisa's voice, the desperation that gave new light to her eyes. 

For once in her long, twisted fuckin life, the bitch tasted doubt and hardship. The possibility that things might not go her way. If Katie failed, we would all likely be incinerated, but I didn't care, seeing Lisa in this light made it worth it, and put a big smile on my face, while more and more of her sisters turned to dust in the howling winds.

Lailah's moans of ecstasy resonated through the room, as if they were coming out of her body rather than her mouth. But I knew her sounds were of unwanted pleasure and deep down...fear. Her glowing limbs thrashed in her restraints, the intensity of her holy defense seemingly winding down. Her breasts looked like glowing suns, bouncing orbs of pure light, her body like a supernova, the after-image of her succulent juggs imprinted upon my retina even as I shut my eyes. 

Not using my eyes, I became ultra-aware of the room's soundscape. The cracking of the stone ceiling, Katie's flesh slapping against the angel, Lailah's bellows of defiance and arousal, and the sound of flames on wood as my bedposts caught on fire, heat licking at my feet, already beginning to redden my toes. It reached its crescendo with the loud but short scream of another succubus bursting into flame, prompting me to open my eyes and take a certain joy that only nine of the original circle remained.

And then, as quick as it began, it ended. The howling silenced, the white halo faded, and Lailah's overwhelming radiance retreated back into the pleasant and heavenly complexion she had when she first entered the room. Lisa slumped back onto the bed, gasping for air as smoke rose out of her mouth, while of the assembled succubi, one was burnt to a marshmallow crisp while the others were beet red, looking like classical portrayals of their kind.

Katie looked like she had just gotten some sun on the beach. Runnels of sweat and steam simmered off her back, and she, like the rest of her kind, were quickly healing and returning back to normal. Lisa rose up behind me, resting her head on my shoulder as her tits squeezed into my side.

"Phew...wow...that was close..." her voice revealed an uncharacteristic amount of relief and surprise, and realizing there were still some eyes on her, she quickly changed her tone. "But I knew we had it, Lilith had foreseen it! Well done sisters, we have drained the angel of her holy defenses..." She looked to Katie, who had paused in her ministrations. "Mephala...defile her in Lilith's name!"

"With pleasure mistress!" Katie renewed her thrusting, shooting her tail back up into the angel's engorged sex, her swollen pussy lips eagerly gripping around the wriggling length. Lailah shuddered at the extreme pleasure, her pleas to her lord now impotent, her divine intervention used up, she was left wide open to the touch of the succubus. 

Katie's tongue was buried down the squirming angel's throat as her hands swam through the divine being's golden hair and clamped down around her head in complete control. Lailah's hands and feet jerked in panic and pleasure at her violation, her whines and whimpers perversely arousing. A sickening liquid sound was shared between the two, as if Katie was pumping something into her mouth, causing the angel to spasm even more, her screams of terror muffled down Katie's throat.

With one final convulsion and a loud moan of mutual pleasure, both of the beauties shuddered, Lailah's lively eyes glazing over, the fight finally sucked out of her. Her struggling body had slackened, and with no will to mount a defense, her sexual instinct eagerly aided in her downfall, her hips beginning to sway and meet Katie's thrusts.

I knew what she was going through, the sheer helplessness, the fight within her mind to break out of her daze. All useless before the touch of the succubus. That was their greatest weapon, to make the innocent want, clamor and beg for their spiritual defilement. First the body would betray them...and then the mind.

I watched as Lailah's slim legs wrapped around Katie, her delicate feet locking around her toned ass. My eyes drifted down to the bluish ebony tail that sawed into her engorged pussy, its rippling length gleaming with their combined juices. With each slam of the hips I saw Lailah's large breasts bounce back and forth in a violent rhythm, her resplendent blonde hair now soaked around the curvature of luscious bosom, her wet, golden locks framing her silvery white mounds like a silken filigree. The very image of purity ransacked with lust.

Yet, I knew she had so much far to go. I looked around the room, looking for Primaphela. Where was she? The surviving succubi had their eyes locked on the dark ravishment before them, while Lisa looked on intently, rubbing her pussy underneath her silken chemise, a wet spot developing around her crotch while her other hand squeezed around her massive breasts. Her fingers fumbled to peel away the silk covering her ripe tits, the purple covering slowly coming undone like a second skin, letting the smooth flesh that was only hinted at before, explode out into a valley of feminine bounty.  

I admit, with all the horrible shit going on around me, still all I wanted to do was mash my face into her cleavage and fuck her until I die. Even though she was the woman who put me in this mess and took away my family...her beauty was not diminished one bit by her cruelty.

My head turned back when I heard Katie moan in delight, her thrusting pace having picked up. Though I never knew Lailah, watching her downfall was many times more painful than that of my own family, but just as arousing, much to my shame. I knew her time had come when Katie let loose a piercing cry, her sound the epitome of inhuman. She wrapped her legs around the angel and hopped on her waist, the two completely entangled with each other as her tail jerked in release while she sank her fangs into her neck.

Lailah turned her face to the side, offering her neck to Katie as she looked at me with glassy eyes. Her dewy lips were pursed, her breathing shallow, as instead of a scream, only a pleasure filled whimper left her mouth. I could see Katie's corrupting essence ooze down the side of her throat, the black fluids marring her elegant, swan like neck.

All the while the angel's body convulsed as Katie pumped the gift of Lilith into her all too welcoming womb, Lailah's pussy lips gripping her thick tail desperately as her whimpers turned into moans. Katie clawed her nails down Lailah's back as her round ass cheeks bounced and flexed to the pulsating throbs of her tail, an orgasmic gasp escaping her throat every time she spurt another strand of her black venom deep into her victim's body.

I could see great lines of her wicked fluids trail down Lailah's shaking thighs, staining her shapely legs like spilled ink on parchment. Lailah had become less sedate, great pleasure having enlivening her awareness as she thrust her chest out, rubbing her vast, angelic breasts against Katie's own titanic rack, the two getting off on the twin pleasures of mashing their nipples together.

As Lailah's wanton moans carried out over the assemblage of succubi, I saw the dark touch assert itself over her body. Her wings broke free from their restraints, thrashing and sending radiant white feathers into the darkness. The feathers still attached to her wings began to gray, moulting off and revealing a fine plumage of shining black feathers underneath.

A thin layer of sweat had developed over the angel's gyrating body, and I could see delicate drops of perspiration bead off the sides of her large, snow-white breasts, the majority of her globes covered up by Katie's massive pair of squeezing tits. Unlike my mother or Katie, she never passed out from the pleasure, and I could see that crucial moment when a life of purity ended and a life of sin began.

Lailah's head arched back into the air, her body tensing while Katie kept her fangs embedded in her neck, having pumped in more than enough of her foul essence to damn her, letting it drizzle between the soft, milky valley of the angel's cleavage. Her innocent face was illuminated by a sole torchlight hanging by the ceiling, and in that light, I saw the look of primal terror and arousal.

Her lips parted as a loud moan left her throat, her soul helpless before Katie's onslaught. Slowly, I could see darkness pour into her crystal blue eyes, like clouds of black oil swirling around her irises before solidifying into solid black, her eyes now like infernal gem stones. She gasped and shuddered to the strange yet pleasant sensation of being penetrated by darkness, her giant breasts thrusting out as she convulsed in orgasmic delight. 

Katie held on tighter as the angel twitched in her grip, pressing her fangs further into her neck and moaning louder than ever, the exact moment of the angel's downfall no doubt sending her pangs of ecstasy. With a quiet gasp, Lailah finally surrendered, her body going slack once more in Katie's arms. 

When her face rose back up, gone was the lost and confused angel. In her stead was a creature of supreme confidence, reveling in her fallen nature.

With a hiss her fangs lengthened into existence, before she sank them into Katie's neck, both moaning at the perverse sensation as more changes worked themselves over Lailah's body. Both of the vixens now quaked in pleasure, as Lailah's corrupting fluids flowed from Katie's neck and down her toned back, while Lailah's belly wriggled and writhed, slick with the moisture of their arousal, the smooth contours of her stomach illuminated beautifully in the warm light.

As both moaned into each other's necks, I could see the angel's luminescent skin rapidly dim into paleness, the heavenly light that resided in her complexion taking leave of her sinful form, while the swirls and curls of her brilliant golden hair became impossibly straight, her golden locks paling and becoming almost white. 

Along the sides of her belly formed a liquid coating, stretching along her skin and reaching up to cup her overripe boobs, like an organic brassiere, before two thin lines of the stuff descended high from her hips, meeting around her pussy like an organic g-string. Some kind of suit it seemed, symbolizing her service to Lilith. Whatever it was made of, seemed to induce great pleasure for the angel, moaning louder and louder as her body writhed to its oily smooth touch, bonding together forever.

By the time she had pulled away from Katie's throat, her body was no longer blindingly painful to look upon, her black wings now falling down by her sides, catching the light in ways that made my skin crawl. Her suit, still leaving plenty of windows of skin to ogle, reflected similarly in the light, looking black but with dark greens, blues and purples mixed in, like the feather colors of a grackle.

The angel's lustful awakening at an end, Katie unwrapped her legs from the divine creature, pulling her slick tail out at the same time, much to their mutual disappointment, if their whimpers were anything to go by. 

A new pleasure began for Katie as she stood on her tip toes, a quiet, breathy moan seeping from her lips as two colossal bat wings melted out of her back, her skin parting like wax before the demonic wingspan.

My former girlfriend gave Lisa a subtle nod, thanking her for this opportunity. The defiling of an angel had earned her a set of wings that dwarfed even Lisa's pair, while Lailah's wings fluttered, sending a gust of air across the succubus circle, before folding them behind her back. Lailah's hand restraints came undone, letting her slump down from her enclosure and giving me a full view of her new form.

The robes she wore when she was in service to God hung around her waist like a makeshift sarong, the fair, white silk marred with claw marks, damp with sweat and arousal and stained with the dark essence that brought about her damnation. Her huge and perfectly shaped breasts bobbed and gleamed in the dim light, their sweeping slopes jealously guarded by her outfit and pushed together into delicious swells of tight cleavage. Her tits were so heavy and yet so shapely they defied reality, her wide hips and rounded bottom combined with her wicked countenance giving her the image of some twisted fertility goddess.

To see purity incarnate ruined so completely, brought me a new level of fear for these succubi that would haunt me for the rest of my days. She bowed before my bed, her voice just as melodious in her corruption as it was in her righteousness.

"Thank you mistress...for saving me from the path of the false god." She looked at Lisa with fierce devotion, her eyes like wells of gleaming ink. "Together, I know we can build a new world and lead mankind into the light."

"Of that I have no doubt, but first..." Lisa raised her hand in the air, and began whispering her chant, her black eyes focused on the splintered ceiling, before fleshy dark threads started to insinuate themselves in the cracks. One by one, little beams of sunlight were snuffed out until the ceiling looking like a heaving mass of alien tissue. "Let there be darkness!"

Lisa beckoned Lailah closer, running her tongue along her belly while her hands gripped the organic coverings that restrained the angel's hefty, supple globes. She moaned at Lisa's attentions, shivering as the head succubus darted her tongue into her vast and well-defined cleavage, leaving behind a shining trail of saliva around the upper swells of her breasts.
