 "You have tried so hard Jack Charles." Hygeia said. She sat on the front of his surfboard, both of them bobbing up and down on the waves. "You tried time and again to teach all the women in your family. Tried to teach them to be responsible, to be considerate, to be good and kind. You tried and failed over and over again but...it is not your fault."

He was entranced. This woman had swum out of the early morning fog to where he was sitting and waiting for a wave. Somehow she had pulled herself out of the water and up onto his board without dumping them both over. She was beautiful, overhwelmingly so. It almost hurt just to look at her. Dark hair fell around her shoulders in curls, somehow full of body even though she had just climbed out of the water. Her olive skin was smooth and unblemished, her smile warm and inviting. The soft words she spoke rolled over him as her voice soothed away his worries about what was happening. He became lost as he looked into her large brown eyes. They were so deep that he seemed to fall right in and lose sight of everything else. 

"Not matter how hard you try, some women just can't be helped." Hygeia continued. "The foolish women of your family no longer your responsibility. Your mother and sisters will have to make their way in the world without your unappreciated help. Women like that will want nothing to do with you now." Her hand brushed lightly across his cheek. "Instead you will attract women who want to learn, women who will value your teaching. This is my gift to you."

She withdrew her hand from his cheek and slid off the surfboard, slipping soundlessly into the ocean and out of sight. He blinked and took a deep breath, already forgetting that he had seen anyone at all.

Lesson 1

"Hello Mr. Charles." said a cheery voice. Jack looked up from where he was waxing his surf board to find two young women standing just outside the gate to his yard. It took him a moment to realize that one of them, the one who had said hello, was Jenny Smalls. He had seen Jenny every summer for the last five years or so when her family came to stay at a beach house a little ways down the street from his own. He typically thought of her as a nice, gangly young girl who maybe got a little taller every year but that image was suddenly wiped from his memory.

The girl, no, the woman who stood before him was beautiful and sexy as hell. Her blue and white striped bikini, while covering enough to be mother approved, left no doubt that she was a woman grown. She was tall, probably 5'8" or so and whatever was gangly before had become shapely and toned. Long legs led up to slim hips that flowed into a small waist and a flat, slightly muscled stomach. Her breasts were high and firm, not vert big but just right for her athletic frame. Broad shoulders framed a delicate neck left bare by the auburn hair she had pulled up into a pony tail. 

"Oh" Jack said, hoping he hadn't been caught leering. "Hello Jenny. That time of year already?"

"Sure is." Jenny said brightly. 

"And you brought a friend this time?" Jack asked, looking at the other girl.

"I did!" Jenny excalimed. She grabbed the other girl's arm. "This is my best friend Carla."

Carla was quite a bit shorter than Jenny and her bikini, while of a similar style, was bright orange. Her skin was darker than Jenny's and her long, curly black hair fell down past her shoulders. She was softer and rounder than Jenny's atheletic physique, her hips were wider and framed a belly that while still flat, was less defnied. Her breasts were bigger and heavier, clearly being held up by her bikini top. 

"Hello Carla," He said. "Nice to meet you."

"You too Mr. Charles." Carla said with a smile. Just for moment he thought he saw her look him up and down, checking him out, but he decided he must have imagined it. He knew he was not a bad looking guy. His lifestyle had always kept him moving so he was trim and the surfing kept him tan and a little muscled but he was sure he was far too old for a sexy young thing like Carla, or Jenny for that matter, to have any interest in him.

"Are you going out?" Jenny asked with a glance down at the surfboard he was working on.

"Just came in actually." He said. "Just getting set for the morning."

"Ok then." She said, possibly sounding a little disappointed. "Well, we are gonna catch some rays. See you later."

"See ya." He said. He went back to waxing his board, or at least pretending to. Mostly he was trying not to be too obvious as he watched the two girls walk away down the path towards the beach. Jenny's athletic ass, prefctly displyed by her form fitting bikini bottoms, flexed and swelled as she walked. Carla's wider hips swayed more dramtically, her fuller and softer ass giggiling a bit with each step. He was trying to decide which one he liked more when Carla suddenly turned her head look right back him, catching him staring. She looked him in the eye and grinned before turing back around. They stepped off the path and diappeared from sight, leaving him to finish waxing his board and wondering what that grin had meant.

A few hours later, just about noon, Jack was awoken from a nap by a knocking at his beach side door. Looking out he could see Jenny and Carla waving to him through the glass.

"Hello girls." he said as he slid the door open. "What's up?"

"Hi Mr. Charles." Jenny said. She seemd nervous, like she didn't know what to say next but Carla nudged her in the side, urging her on. "Can we talk to you for a minute?"

He had no idea what this was about but it seemed important to her so he waved them in. The smells of suntan lotion and salt water filled his nose as they stepped past him. They followed him into the living room and took seats next to eachother on the couch while he sat in the comfortable chair he usually read in.

"So what's going on?" He asked curiously.

Jenny looked at Carla who nodded at her, again urging her on.

"Well Mr. Charles," Jenny said. "This is probably going to be my last summer here. At the beach I mean. I'm going to college this fall so I think my life will be a little different when next summer comes around and I probably won't want to go on any family vacations." She fell silent and Carla nudged her again. "Well like I said, I'm going to college...well we're going to college" made a gesture including Carla in the statement. "And well, I don't know what college was like in your day but today a lot of it is about...well...sex."

Jack's eyebrows went up in surprise, more at hearing her actually say the word sex than hearing what college was like these days. He had sex in college but reading a few articles about the casual sex at modern colleges had left him wishing he been born about forty years later than he had.

"The thing is." Jenny continued. "We've had sex." She again indicated herself and Carla "But it was like in the backseat of a car or at a party or whatever and its always dark and we never really had a chance to see what we were doing or to learn to do it right or anything." Jack waited in silence, still not sure where this was going. "And well, we would like to be a little better prepared before we get there, to college I mean. So we were hoping that you could..." She trailed off, biting her lips nervously.

"We were hoping you could teach us some stuff about sex." Carla finished. She sounded a little nervous too but also had that sly grin on her face, the one he'd seen earlier when she had caught him looking at her ass. "We've seen stuff, porn and stuff, but its not that same as real, you know, hands on experience."

Jack sat in stunned silence while they sat waiting expectantly for a response. As ridiculous as it seemed to him, he was pretty sure this was actually happening. These two sexy young women we really here in his house asking him to teach them about sex.

"Well." he croaked, then cleared his throat. "First things first. Are you both 18?"

"Yes." they said in unison. Carla fished around for a minute in her beach bag and came up with two driver's licenses. The fact that they had brought their ID's with them jumped out at him. No one carried ID to go to the beach, there was no reason to. It meant they had brought them to show to Jack and that meant they had planned this ahead of time. He took the licenses, finding that Carla had turned 18 last Decemeber while Jeny's birthday had been just a few weeks ago in April. Satisfied that both girls were of legal age he handed the licenses back.

"Well." He said. "What did you have in mind?"

"We thought we could start with something easy." Jenny said "Like...giving a blowjob."

So far this had all been kind of theoretical but the specific thought of Jenny blowing him was like a slap to the face and Jack felt his cock swell up in record time. He froze, keeping his face blank and trying not to show his shock and sudden arousal.

He looked at the two girls for a moment. They were both eager and sincere, he was sure, but they were also obviously nervous and uncertain. He could see that they had come to him because they saw him as an older, more experienced man that could take charge and show them what to do. He was sure he should say no, that there was no way this could be a good idea but he looked at the two vibrant young ladies so eager to learn from him and gave in to desire. He stood up and saw one then the other girl's eyes lock onto the tent his throbbing cock was making in his trunks.

"Come and get on your knees over here." he said, pointing to the floor at his feet. Both girls scrambled off the couch, giggling as they settled on their knees. He knew this was his last chance to turn back from this, but he just couldn't bring himself to do it, not with the two of them right there, looking up at him with such eagerness in their eyes. "Now take off my trunks."

Jenny reached up quickly and pulled at the knotted rope on the front of his trunks while Carla ran a hand up his leg, from his calf all the way up to the top of his thigh. The knot came undone and his trunks loosened. Jenny put both her hands inside the waistband and pulled them down. When they were halfway down his thighs his cock sprang free and boths girls gasped at the sight of him. He took it as a compliment. He knew he was a decent size, not huge but definitely bigger than most. Almost certainly bigger than any man these two had any experience with. They both stared at it, transfixed as it bobbed in the air in front of them. He flexed a muscle, making his cock jump and the girls gasped again then giggled.

"You can move it?" Carla asked in surprise.

"Mostly just like that." he said, making it jump again. "You've never seen one?"

"Not like this." Jenny said

"Definitely not like this." Carla said.

"Go ahead and touch it." He said.

Jenny reached up and put her hand on his cock, out just behind the head while Carla's hand slipped around it down near the base. The feeling of one, then both of their soft little hands wrapped around his cock nearly overwhelmed him and he had to fight to control himself. Coming right when they first touched hm would be a real disappointment for two girls expecting an experienced man.

"Its so hot." Jenny said

"Oh my god, do you feel it throbbing?" Carla asked her.

The pleasure nearly overwhelmed him. It had been so long since anyone had touched him like this that he nearly came from the sheer novelty of it. He also knew without a doubt that if either of them put their mouth near his cock right now he would lose it immediately. It would be a huge disappointment fo the two girls, and embarassing for him if he didn't find a way to control himself. WIth a flash of inspiration he decided to embrace the teaching aspect of his role and declare a change in cirriculum. 

"Since you two are new to this," He said "I think we should push blowjobs back a lesson and start off with the good old fashioned hand job." The girls looked up at him in rapt attention. "First, lets talk about squeezing. A cock is a pretty durable but it can be hurt so don't get too crazy. Also, different men will want different amounts of pressure so you'll need to judge what they like." The girls nodded in understanding. "OK, Jenny, give it a squeeze." Jenny squeezed his cock, so briefly and lightly that he barely felt it. He could see that while she was excited, she was also very unsure of herself. Asking her to squeeze it a little more and a little more was going to take a long time so he decided on a more direct approach.

"Tell you what." He said "Start squeezing and slowly squeeze more and more till I tell you to stop." Jenny nodded and slowly tightened her grip and he tilted his head up to distract himself. When it felt just right to him, he told her to stop. He heard both girls giggle slighty then Jenny released her grip and squeezed him again. He looked down as she did it again and saw the girls watching the head of his cock as it swelled when her grip tightened and shrank when she released.

"OK, now Carla." He said.

"Is down here ok?" Carla asked, squeezing his cock lightly where her hand was down near its base.

"That's just fine." He said. Carla's squeeze was much more agressive and she reached the right pressure almost immediately."Right there, that's just right."

"Oh, something's coming out." Janny exclaimed.

He looked down and saw that pre-cum was starting to leak from the tip of his cock.

"Is that cum?" Carla asked.

"No." He replied. "That's what is usually called pre-cum. It's for lubrication. It also means its time to move on to the next step: Stroking." He took a moment to steady himself. This was going to get very pleasurable very quickly.

"Ok, Jenny." he said "Slide the palm of you hand around to the tip of my cock and smear the pre-cum all around. You want to cover as much of your hand with it as you can."

Jenny did as instructed, staring intently at his cock as she slid her hand over its head and smeared the slippery fluid around.

"Carla, you need to let go of me for now." He instructed. She released his cock with a disspointed frown and moved her hand to his thigh. "Now Jenny, wrap you hand around me again." Jenny's hand wrapped around him where it had before and gave him a squeeze. "Now, holding me very loosely, slide your hand down to the base." Her lubricated hand slid all the way down till it was resting against his pelvis. "And now all the way back up." Her slid up to just behind the head of his cock. "Those are the basics. Give it a try."

Jenny's hand started sliding up and down his cock in a slow steady rythm. He focused his eyes across the room so he could not see the sexy girls on their knees in front of him and tried not to think about the incredible feeling of Jenny's soft hand sliding over the sensitive skin of his cock.

"What about speed?" Carla asked. He looked down at her and found her eyes flicking back and forth from his face to his cock. Jenny had a questioning look on her face too. 

"Well." He said, supressing a groan. "If you want to go for a long leisurely handjob or if it is just foreplay for something more, then you want to go slow and steady like this." He looked down to where Jenny was still steadily stroking his cock. "If you are trying to get a guy off quickly then you want to go fast."

"Should I go fast now?" Jenny asked.

"No!" Carla exclaimed "I haven't had a chance yet."

"That's a good point." Jack said. "Lets switch now." Jenny reluctantly let go of him and he turned a little to the side so that his cock was now pointing at Carla.

Biting her lip, Carla grasped his cock and began stroking it. Jenny had slid her hands up and down over the skin but Carla gripped it tightly, sliding the skin up and down the shaft. She also stroked faster than Jenny and it took some effort to hold off and make sure Carla had as much time to stroke him as Jenny had. He had to cut her time short though as he was definitely ready to cum and. Carla's entire focus was on his cock but Jenny looked up at him, delight in her eyes. She was beautiful, her young body all feminine and soft yet fit and strong. He saw that nipples were hard, poking out against her bikini top he was overwhelmed by a desire to cum all over her. He need to come all over Jenny Smalls.

"Alright girls." He said as stepped back away from them. Carla leaned forward like she was going to crawl across the floor to get hand back on him but he waved her back. "It's time for me to cum." Both of them made happy girl sounds and smiled at each other in anticipation. He stepped forward, directly in front Jenny. She immediately grabbed his cock and started stroking it again.

"This is the other time when you want to stroke fast." He said. Jenny picked up the pace of her strokes almost before he finished talking. "You want to keep stroking even when a man comes. Just keep going untill he stops shooting." Jenny nodded. He was very close now but he had one last thing to say. "A guy can cum a lot of different places." he groaned. "Sometimes you can pick, sometimes he will have something mind. This time Jenny, I want to cum on you chest."

"Yeah! Cum on her tits!" Carla said. 

Jenny rose up on her knees so that her bikini clad breasts were level with his cock, the shape of her nard nipples even more visible. She looked up at him, her eyes full of desire, her lips parted, her cheast heaving as her breath quickened. He swelled and throbbed in her hand she stroked him and he felt his balls draw up under the base of his cock. He was almost there.

"Cum on my tits Mr. Charles!" Jenny urged him.

He came. He came and came. It felt like buckets of cum were surging up from his balls. Years of pent up sexual need exploded from his cock and splashed onto Jenny. She yelped as the first shot hit high near the base of throat. She let go of his cock in surprise.

"Arrgh, keep stroking!" Jack moaned as a second rope of cum shot passed her and hit the couch.

Jenny quickly grabbed him and started stroking again. The next spurt landed right between her breasts. A fourth shot landed there, then a fifth. When he stopped shooting Jenny's hands slowed down but kept stroking, squeezing more cum out of the tip of his cock. 

"Oh my god." Carla said. "Is there always this much?"

"Hmm?" he said. He was having trouble focusing. It was all he could do to keep his legs under him as he reeled from the intensity of his orgasm.

"I said, is there always this much?" Carla repeated, "This seems like a lot of cums."

He looked down to where Jenny was examining herself. Ropes and blobs of thick white cum were plastered all over her chest, covering her from the inside swell of breasts up to her neck. Even he was surprised at how much there was.

"It varies." He said distantly. "Depending on the guy and whether he has cum recently."

"You must not have cum for a long time." Carla laughed.

"It has been a while." He admitted.

Jenny was still staring at her cum covered chest.

"What does it feel like?" Carla asked her.

"Hot." jenny replied, looking up. "Its hot on my skin. And sticky." she held up her cum covered hand and spread her fingers, causing the cum to stretch between them.

"Oh my god." Carla said. 

He knew he would never forget this image, this beautiful girl smiling at up him with her chest splatted with his cum. Even as spent as he was his cock twiched as if pleading for more of her attention.

"Umm, what do I do about this?" Jenny asked, running a finger through the cum between her breasts.

"I'll get you a towel." He said, setting off for the kitchen on wobbly legs. 

Returning a few minutes later he found the girls with their heads close together. One of them whispered something and they both broke into giggles.

"Here you go." he said, handing Jenny the moist towel.

"Thanks." She said. She set about mopping up the cum, having to make several passes to get it all, then thoroughly cleaned her hand. "Its really sticky."
