 Ok, so mom and girlfriend got turned into succubi, my brother got fucked to death and I had just been taken to Hell. Technically it wasn't Hell but it's some other dimension with demonic looking people so whatever. The point is, I was pretty fucked. 

How did I escape? Did I have some holy lock picks with me or do some Sherlock Holmes shit and really have the upper hand the entire time? No I suspect if I was like Holmes I would have evaded this mess quite handily. No, my solution, my salvation, I didn't quite see coming...

***

I lay in the bed chamber of some far away tower. I don't know for how long...time had no meaning here. The only way I knew time was even going forward at all was the fact that more succubi were filling up the place. Some were from the outside world, others I'm quite sure were my "daughters". Sometimes they would visit me. But only three were allowed to ride me. Lisa, my neighbor, Katie, my former girlfriend, and Jean, my mother.

My life had devolved into a series of fuckfests, waking up to one of them riding me and then blacking out. Repeat. Which wouldn't be so bad, all things considered, if I wasn't dying a little from each session. As far as I knew, I had only fathered Lisa and Katie's progeny, allowing them to spread even more of their demonspawn. My mother on the other hand, had gone to earn her "wings". Which is to say, she spent her time turning innocent women from the real world into a monsters like her. Only then, could she do that creepy bat wing stuff that Lisa did.

But now, it seemed her day had come, for my mother stood in the doorway of our chamber, her winged silhouette backlit by powerful red light. She wore some sort of crimson-magenta gown, clinging to her impossible figure, while strange black tattoos curled and snaked around her powerful thighs, twisted around her ripe breasts, all swirling around her sleek curves, emphasizing them as she moved across the room.

The tattoos reminded me of the vaguely Eastern influences I saw in Lisa's apartment, and the longer I looked at them, the more I thought I could see screaming faces in them. Faces of men she had consumed. Her tattoos marked her as a veteran, an apex predator of men. With her long red tresses falling to her thin waist, and her gorgeous face, she looked less and less like the woman who bore me into this world.

She sat down by my side, folding her wings back and idly stroking my cock, giving me that false, sweet smile that I found more unnerving than her actual cruelty. "My sweet son...my last son. It has been too long." she leaned over, letting the luscious orbs of her breasts graze my chest as she kissed me more intently than a mother should. But she wasn't exactly my mother. Not anymore. She sighed, running her hand through my hair, putting a finger underneath my chin. "Lisa and Katie have been hogging you, expanding our coven...I need you, a piece of you, to follow and learn from me, a piece of you that won't be subject to the stealing hours of time..." 

The outrageous peaks of her femininity loomed over my face, almost blocking out her own. Her tempting, alabaster globes pressed ever lower, precariously close to smothering me. "I need a daughter, and you will give me one, before your frail mortal shell sails into the shores of eternal midnight."

Her silvery voice tickled my ears, so musical and sweet to listen to if I didn't pay attention to its dark notes. It was an interesting thing, how verbose my mom had become since her change, perhaps using colorful language was a succubus' natural state, although maybe it was just her, Lisa seemed to be overly fond of modern speak.

"Well it's not like I have any choice in the matter..." I could kick and scream, struggle and shake within my restraints, but ultimately I would just be making it more painful for myself. Katie once broke my arms to keep me still, these creatures could not be denied.

"You certainly don't."

"So go ahead, but do me a favor. Just kill me...I'm tired of this slow death."

She paused her massaging of my cock, and gave me a surprisingly thoughtful and considerate look, all feigned of course, her voice full of false love. "No my sweetness, that is not my call to make...just relax...I'll take care of you..."

Her long red fingernails tantalized my chest, raking them down my belly as she let out a low, hungry growl. Her lips were like soft petals, kissing up from my groin, across my stomach, before settling on my mouth, her touch delicate yet loving. I felt the nipples on her soft mounds harden as she flattened them against me, a quiet moan seeping through her lips and into my mouth as the tip of her tongue played with mine.

I could feel the incredible softness of her skin as she laid her face against mine, her hot breath sending delicious tingles across my skin as her lips caressed my ear. "As we were, so shall we be again. We will become one once more, mother and son." She was almost panting with desire, a hot, breathy gasp burning my ear as she peeled her dress apart.

She sat on top of me, and I could only watch as with a quiet ripping sound, her intricate gown gave way to her ample, motherly flesh. The crimson fabric weakened under the pressure of her bountiful chest, as her breasts burst free of their constraints, gigantic and lush, they spilled out into a perfect teardrop shape. She let out a lustful sigh at the unleashing of her endowments, before tearing away the rest of dress.

My mind went blank at the sight of her heaving, succulent breasts. Her ripe mounds and wide, maternal hips marked her as one bursting with demonic fertility. I had to have her, all of her. She slowly brought herself down on top of me, letting her dangling, soft globes skim and drag against my face before pressing her warm body against me once more. She kissed me hard, licking my lips before staring into my eyes.

"I know you want me...I can loosen your restraints if you behave...but only if you're a good boy..." We both let out long sighs as we drank in each other's bodies. I nodded my head in agreement, and was relieved when I felt my wrists become free, allowing me to grope her with abandon. I guess she knew she didn't need me tied up during sex, only before and after, my arousal dominating any thoughts of rebellion.

"Feel them. Now." She brought my hands up to her perfect breasts, allowing my fingers to squeeze into her soft flesh. It was the first time I had ever felt up my mom before, and at that moment, I had no qualms about it, her luscious curves responding well to my fondling. She leaned in, grabbing my head as she mashed her lips to mine, a throaty moan blowing into my mouth as she reveled in my groping of her warm, flowing chest. 

While she plundered my lips, she positioned herself to be penetrated, my manhood swelling with desire as it ran up against her heated cleft, before she pushed me back down on the bed. Her smooth, red hair cascaded over my chest as she slowly impaled herself on me, her wide, cock engulfing hips consuming me utterly as she wrapped her sculpted thighs around me. I felt her soft, milky tits mash into my chest, god they were so good.

A groan of pleasure tumbled from my lips as her pussy sheathed itself over my cock like a second mouth, her inner walls clamping around my shaft as she squeezed my body to hers. A deep, satisfied sigh left her mouth as I felt her begin to ride me, her sex making slow, undulating motions around my cock as she drew out our pleasure with languorous throbs.

Her pussy was unlike any other pussy, it felt so snug, almost hot and drenched with her juices. I could feel her warmth spreading through my body. Perspiration formed on us both as her inner heat bloomed within, sending tingles down my shaft and all around my body, all the while I felt the soft delight of her round ass cheeks bouncing down on me. 

Her womanhood squeezed and contracted around my cock, her inner walls melting around my head and shaft, linking our nerves together, making us experience every pleasure as one. Her claws dug into my chest, pinning me down as the silken mountains of her breasts swayed just out of my reach to suck and kiss, teasing me with their inviting softness as they bounced and slapped against each other.

She must have felt my frustration, for only a moment passed before she mashed my face into her chest, letting my tongue and lips ravish her warm, dewy breasts, her flesh trembling with lustful vitality. Her head rolled back into the air as she kept me buried in her plump bosom, moaning, lost in her pleasure, while her flowing sex gushed juices onto the feathery sheets.

Our vigorous humping had made us both break out in a sweat, the feel of her moist, satiny skin writhing against me made me want to pop right there. But she knew how to wring every last bit of pleasure out of me. I felt her lick against my neck, moving up to my lips as she buried her tongue in my mouth.

Her hot breath seared my ear as she dug her claws into my shoulders. "Flesh of my flesh...mmmh my son...it is time....seed my garden..." Her voice combined with her slow yet intense contractions of her powerful inner walls sent me over the edge. I gasped in pleasure and pain, grabbing my chest as I heard my heart thunder in my ears, the veins on my skin rising to the surface as I flooded her sex with with my semen, her infernal depths sucking my offering of seed and soul with inhuman vigor.

She ran her hands through her hair as she milked my shaft, thrusting her hips against me with passion as she screamed at the top of her lungs, her screams cut off with a gasp each time she felt another thick strand of my seed jet inside her. She thrust her breasts forward as she arched her back, forcing my numb hands around her silken mounds. I saw the demonic tattoos writhe and snake around her breasts, before joining together around her sopping sex and glowing with unholy light. I could hear the whispers of the damned as I felt her pussy grab down more on my cock, drawing me in as if it were going to suck my entire body down.

She reached down to smother my lips in hers, stealing my breath as she moaned into my mouth, her body still convulsing in orgasm as she tightened her thighs around me, her feet locking together as they dug into my back. I prepared to die, I knew this was it. She had gotten carried away and was now going to finish the job. Our heartbeats were one, mine slow and stammering, hers loud and powerful.

I welcomed death within her lips, within the warmth of her tender breasts, her firm, heavenly flesh sliding over my chest with irresistible softness. But then with a deep sigh she pulled away. The black coals of her eyes lightened into diamond blue, her self-control reasserting itself as her greedy lips let go of my cock. 

When I had been inside her it was as if she had torn down a dam, letting me come without end. Now only a dribble escaped, like a shut-off fire hose. My abdominal muscles had been worked beyond belief, I couldn't feel them, as my mother grabbed me and laid down underneath me, letting my face rest between the valley of her jutting, plush breasts. She let out an orgasmic sigh as she twirled my hair, wrapping one of her legs around me as more of her heavy bosom pressed against my face. She felt so warm, soft and deliciously welcoming...like Katie...that I almost forgot she had just pushed me closer to death.

Already I felt more drained, more so than a man normally would after sex. My head was still buzzing in the heady after-glow of sexual bliss, but I felt my chest heaving, and with a phlegm ridden cough a trickle of blood flew out of my mouth, speckling onto her ivory globes. It was disturbing to watch how she made reality her plaything, how she turned my flecks of blood into ribbons of vivid crimson, which then morphed into a screaming face...my face, before melding with the dancing shadows of her demonic tattoos.

She looked at me unconcerned, putting her hand on my forehead as she did when I was a boy. "Oh my baby...you poor thing..." she cooed, her mocking voice making me want to slap her across the face even though I couldn't so much as lift my head. "I'll make sure your final day is something special..." She ran a finger over one of the tattoos, caressing the lush slopes of her breasts, picking a single droplet of my blood before sucking the entirety of her finger between her pouting lips. "Mmmm...the souls of the damned like the taste of you...they call to you my son..."

Right then the room darkened as the sound of wind rushed through the chamber, followed by a blood curdling scream as my mother arched her back and bucked her hips to some invisible lover. It was as if she had become possessed, well even more possessed, as juices flowed from her sex and down her toned thighs. I felt her fingers squeeze so hard around my arm I thought she was going to break it, until she relaxed and slammed back down into the bed, rapid gasps escaping her throat as her creamy breasts heaved from her desperate breaths. 

This happened every time I was with Lisa and Katie and I still didn't know what it was, only that it scared the shit out of me. There was a pleasurable lilt to her voice as she recovered from her violent orgasm, her graceful hands moving down to her belly. "Ahh...that was the sound of innocence falling into our embrace..." She looked at me, her pupils wide from infernal euphoria. "I am a mother once more."

Now that I wasn't blinded by the haze of my lust, the gravity of what I had just done hit me, revolted me to my core. I had become used to the idea that I was furthering Lisa's plans whenever she or Katie rode me...but to do it with my mother? That messed me up.

She saw my forlorn face, and drew me close, letting her hard nipples and the rest of her sinfully soft mounds squish into my chest as she breathed in my ear. "Every time conception occurs, the angel Lailah sends a pure, innocent soul into that womb. Lucky for us, the good angel never bothers to see who the soul goes to." She moved my hands down her silky, taut stomach, letting me feel the growing heat around her belly. "Not so lucky for the soul, they are caught in a scorching cauldron of lust and deceit, their purity torn away instantly. What you heard was their final scream before embracing their downfall..."

There mere idea sent chills down my spine. "Wow...that's super fucked up..." Mom only nuzzled in contentment in to my neck, wrapping herself around me like a prized possession. Her gentle, loving embrace was so very tempting to fall asleep into, her soft curves entwining my body so exquisitely, but I could not pass out. Throughout her slumber, I could hear the whispers from her tattoos, the moans and cries of a thousand burning souls.

My eyes shot open when I heard the rasping whisper of my brother.

"Ruuun...nooow..."

*** 

I must have fallen asleep sometime, because when I woke up, my chains were freshly reattached and my mother was gone, but a new succubus instead was cuddling up next to me. This was odd. Though the other succubi were permitted to look and not fuck, I guess no one told 'em they couldn't hug me. Her face was veiled by a curtain of raven tresses, but I could still get a good peek at her features. 

The she-devil's visage was sleek and chiseled, yet still feminine, her skin having an odd olive complexion, odd if only because most succubi bleach out upon embracing their change. Every once in a while I had seen the ones that used to be black or Arab women, their skin often fading into a dark gray, but there were always some outliers, the corruption process was not always predictable.

Her breasts were massive and perky, upturned mountains of softness that rested on my chest, which even now, I could feel them radiate heat into my skin, the metabolism of these creatures being like a furnace, always hot, always hungry to devour souls. When she stirred, a few strands of hair fell away from her sleeping face, and I had to stifle a gasp.

This was no woman from the outside world enslaved to a demonic existence.

This was one of my daughters. She had some of the adorable sweetness of Katie's face and some features from the female side of my family, namely my mom. Going by her womanly looks and ample chest, she had to have been one of the first daughters, as succubi, when born from another, while stacked and fully grown at birth, tend to be more girly in demeanor and appearance until they fully blossom.

Her eye lids parted, revealing piercing, indigo cat eyes while an all too familiar smile spread across her face. She stretched across me, my body tingling as her smooth skin slid over mine. She licked my neck, giving me a peck on the lips before staring into my eyes. "Hello father..."

"Uh...hey?"

She pressed her lithe, voluptuous form against me, resting her head to my chest as she listened to my heartbeat. "Mmmm...your heart is like a robin...fast and fluttering..." She looked up at me like a long lost lover, her pupils saucery as her lips pouted. "I'm going to take your soul."

Well that wasn't terribly surprising, but her directness took me off guard. "I see. When did you decide to do this?"

"When we were stealing from the angels in New Eden." she said matter of factly.

New Eden? Just where the hell was I? I didn't know but played it cool. "Oh...I think Lisa might give you a little trouble for that..."

Her face hardened and then surprised me with a deep kiss, her mouth attacking mine as our tongues collided, forcing hers deeper into my mouth as she clutched my head in an iron grip, preventing me from breaking away from her lustful feast. I felt the delightful weight of her heavy mounds sink into my chest as she spared no passion in swapping her saliva with mine, our lips locking together like a puzzle while she moaned into my mouth. I panicked and struggled when I felt her tongue puncture my own, injecting something inside, painful at first and then pleasant. She pulled back, her teeth grazing my lower lip as she licked her own.

She leaned closer to my ear, speaking in a hushed, conspiratorial tone. "Now we can speak without sound." I heard her voice whisper through my head, my tongue tingling as it acted as a receiver. "The one you speak of as Lisa...K'ama-handra...I will kill her before I make you mine." Well that was simple. I sighed, breathing in of her sweet fragrance as I contemplated how to use this to my advantage.

"You know...she does have an entire army of creatures just like you...just sayin'..."

Her eyes brightened and her smile widened into something that made me want to jump out a window. "No...not just like me. We will escape once I have drank of her beating heart. And then I will take your soul. So fraught with the pain of loss and betrayal and drawn out with exquisite suffering, your despair will empower me to found my own coven." She ran her fingers down my cock, her eyes dilating to her illicit touch. "The seed of a man who has lost everything...who has lost love...is the most potent of all. But K'ama-handra wastes it, making more succubi when she could take it for herself..."

Ah so there it was. I was wondering why all this effort for a half dead guy who wouldn't be worth the effort in the real world. At least they're consistent. "Sounds great but oh crap..." The chamber doors burst open in blinding light, and I could tell from the powerful silhouette that Lisa had arrived.

She sashayed forward, walking with pride as her supple breasts swayed within the rich, purple silks adorning her curves, her pale skin complimented beautifully by the royal color. She looked at the succubus with scorn in her eyes as more succubi filed in behind her. "Primaphela, you're not allowed to be in here."

The new succubus, Primaphela I guess, feigned innocence, batting her eyes at the dominant woman. "I'm sorry mistress but there weren't any rules about kissing so I gues-"
