 Author's Note: This story came to my rather quickly. I waited till I had played most of it out in my head before I put the pen to paper. (yeah, I like it old school sometimes) I wanted to do something different with the whole "Elf thing". I only touch on the edges of the magical explanation of what the girl is. Maybe if there is another part I will explore that more. For this site the important thing is the scenario. All the characters are over 18. Even though the elf girl is described as smaller than the guy, this is a mythical creature with a different physiology. As I told the cop who pulled me over at Comic Con: "The elf in my backseat is totally legal, officer." Warning: this story contains a magical transformation. I'm saying this up front to warn off any who won't like that. If you're familiar with some of my other stories then you might get it off the bat. If not there are plenty of hints at it. If you don't like it then I guess you should move on. That's just how the story came to me. 

I loved the elf girl from the first moment I saw her. That wasn't supposed to happen. As soldiers we'd all been taught to view the elves with suspicion. They'd been our greatest enemy once. Now we fought our own kind, but we were not allowed to stop distrusting "the pointy ears" as some called them.

She was peering out from the wall of dense vegetation, and seemed to have just appeared from nowhere to look at me with big green eyes. Her simple dress looked home-spun of linen and dyed green somehow. What really stood out was her short, bright red hair which contrasted with her light golden skin. She looked like too fragile of a creature to be on her own out in the wilderness. 

We stared at each other for a time. I considered calling out to the others and waking them up, but for some reason I didn't. I just smiled at her like l would any other girl I met along the road. She smiled back at me.

"You like me," she said. "I know you do, but you need to stay away."

There was something so innocent and so sad about her little smile. She was very slender compared to the women that I knew, and was more than a head shorter than me. Yet she wasn't a child. I could seem from her firm body that she was a woman grown just different. I'd heard many stories about elf maids. Many men claimed to have bedded them, but they often recanted when pressed for real details. The priests claimed that mating with an elf would be an affront to God and thus fatal and damnable. 

She turned from me, and began to leave. I asked for her name just before she left.

"Elnara," she said, and then she was gone into the trees and all of their oblique greenery.

I was left there on the edge of our camp. It was my watch. Our captain had leave to treat with the elves if necessary, but we common men did not. I was only to keep watch and nothing more. Another war would be coming with the season and we were supposed to be preparing ourselves.

I wanted her though. Couldn't the others understand this once? I had waited outside of a brothel while they had theirs last time because I lost the dice roll. I was entitled to a bite myself wasn't I? I left my fellows to their fitful sleep. None of us ever slept well while out on patrol.

It took every bit of tracking skill that I had, which wasn't much, to barely locate the elf maid's trail. The trees got much thicker together and the underbrush was a kaleidoscope of multi-colored plants yet always giving way to green. It seemed impossible that the girl could have gone this way, and my skills and instincts spoke to that end. All I needed was some venomous spider or snake to prove to me that I was a complete fool to be following her. Thorns from the plants ripped at my leggings, and even left me with some bloody scratches. Nothing too bad though. I hoped there was no plant venom of some kind coursing into me.

Finally after what seemed like hours the undergrowth began to thin, and I even found what had once been a small wall made of stones stuck together with earth. Time and nature had proven to be its better and left it a corpse of itself. I followed it for a time, and around a curve I found the statues. They were carved from a similar rock as the stone wall: gray with what seemed to be an almost bluish haze to them. They were made to resemble two beautiful elf women not unlike the girl named "Elnara." Each was naked and despite the weathering of the stone they were still a sight to behold. 

Like Elnara they were shorter than me and had slender frames and short hair. They also had fairly large breasts for such small women. I smiled remembering that while Elnara had been clothed the rise against her simple dress had seemed large. It was a nice difference from some of the women the other men enjoyed, who tended towards the larger side. 

And Elnara is no whore, I told myself. She is something wonderful and pure. The priests and all the others who'd been giving me orders all my life would be proven wrong. There was something odd about the statues that I noticed before I continued on the trail. They each bore a sad expression. As if they longed for something forever denied to them. Then I noticed at the base of each was an inscription carved deeply into the stone.

I traced my finger over the strange letter, unable to comprehend them. I could barely read my own tongue let alone an elf one. By some means of elven skill or maybe magic for all I knew it seemed that glass had been melted into the letters to make them stand out more. Each inscription had two large chunks of words, but I was the wrong person to comprehend their meaning, so I went on.

I had a beautiful elf maid to find and didn't care to read.

In time I came to a large clearing at the foot of a glen. A stream trickled down through it. The sound of the water and the birds filled the air, and it was mild and sweet. A different world from the smoke and blood of my soldier life.

I spotted Elnara gathering mushrooms down amongst the rocks near the water. Her small hands moved quickly to examine, reject, and pluck the choicest harvest into her small basket. 

"Looking for dinner?" I asked.

She nearly jumped over the water. 

"What are you doing here?"

"You said it yourself that I liked you. When a man likes a woman he's bound to follow her."

"Not this time," she said, putting her hands on her slender hips. "You need to leave. This is not a place for you."

"Why not? It doesn't look dangerous, and I don't think that you'd hurt me."

She shook her head adamantly. "You just don't understand."

"Then explain it to me."

I closed the distance to her, and gently touched her shoulder. She was nervous at first, but I could tell that she liked being touched by me.

"You're not running away," I said. "So I can't be that bad."

"I know you're not. I can see your soul and I know."

"They said you elves had magic powers."

"Natural qualities," she corrected. "There are many things about us that you would never understand. Now, please go. I beg you. I might not be able to resist much longer."

There was a slight trembling in her lithe legs.

"Are you well?"

She shook her head. "I've been by myself for so long and meeting you...smelling you...I want you," she said. "That's why you must go."

"Why? Are you worried about getting pregnant?"

There were tears in her big green eyes. "That will never happen to me. I'm a Forever Maiden, so no one can be with me."

"Is that why you're here all alone?"

She nodded. "I'm not meant to be with others."

"You elves are strange. Well, I'm here and I want to stay."

Her eyes took me in for a long time. "Are you sure? If you stay and this happens you won't be able to leave. You'll be like me...bound here."

I thought that she was just being dramatic, and to be honest I was obsessed with the soft, firm flesh beneath her dress. I wanted her so much, and the thought that she was holding back some intense lust of her own made me want to explore it to the fullest.

I pulled her close to me—feeling her breasts mash against my chest. She stared up at me with those green eyes, and I could tell that she wanted all of it. I stroked her short red hair. It smelled of berries. Everything about her smelled so natural and wonderful. I didn't understand what she found good smelling about me. 

I moved my hand to the back of her dress, and felt her pert little bottom. I squeezed it with both hands, and pulled her against the hardness growing from me. Even through my leggings and leather I felt the heat from her moist center.

She kissed me. Her lips were soft and sweet like she'd been drinking a honey potion all of her life.

"I did warn you," she said.

"I know."

I wiped a tear away from her cheek and she smiled.

"I'll always love you," she said. "No matter what happens, I'll take care of you."

"Isn't that something that the man is supposed to say to the woman?"

"Not all is as it appears or as it will be."

"I don't understand. "

Elnara touch my cheek even though there were no tears there yet.

"Not now," she said and kissed me again. Then she stepped back to shrug off her homespun dress. There were no other clothes underneath, and I finally beheld her svelte and sun-kissed body. Elnara's breasts were even better than those of the statues. My eyes flowed down her wonderful body to her slight tummy and then her succulent love mound. There was only the slightest trace of her red hair there leaving it almost completely smooth as the rest of her.

"I've never been with anyone," she said. "My mother taught me what happens and how to please myself if I'm alone, but once they knew what I was they stopped caring and didn't want to encourage it. Do you still like me?"

"I love you."

"It's early for that," she said. "Take your clothes off."

I stripped off my leathers, and Elnara helped me with my tunic and leggings. I was embarrassed to be nude in the sunlight with a woman, but I figured that I had to match her own commitment. Elnara's big eyes took in the sight of me. I was wiry from spending so much time on the road with little food. My own skin was paler than hers considering that I kept it covered most of the time. I tried not to be nervous. The other girls I'd been with had been in the dark or drunk. We were both naked in the kiss of the sun and nature. My parents would've thought it was blasphemous. I hadn't had them in my life for years though.

She smiled. "Just the way my mother told me," she said.

Her small hand reached out tentatively and touched my stiffening member.

"Different than an elf man's, but close," she said.

As I had never seen an elf cock before I took her word for it.

She stroked my hardness, and my cock went rigid. My breath quickened as did Elnara's. We may as well have been the children of Paradise discovering what our bodies were capable of doing. Elnara slowly went to her knees, and after giving me yet another of her girlish smiles took me in her mouth.

She sucked at me hard: her cheeks and tongue mashing against my cock. I hadn't felt anything nearly as since the first time I was sucked. I held her close by her shoulder and her delicate red hair. It seemed impossible that she hadn't done this before. A tingling arose in the head of my shaft, and I thought I might loose my seed at any moment.

Then Elnara pulled her mouth away. A string of her saliva seemed to be trying to keep us connected before it finally broke.

"Did you like it?" she asked.

I could barely respond, but nodded.

"That makes me happy."

Elnara reclined into the soft grass and opened her legs. She gently dug two of her fingers into her love mound. It was already glistening with her excitement. Her breath caught in her throat as she pleased herself. 

"Is this something else your mother taught you?" I couldn't help but smile as I said it.

She smiled back, and it was something so deliciously innocent and dirty.

I joined her on the grass, and joined my fingers with her. I gently massaged the sides of her nether lips. The heat emanating from within was almost frightening. 

Elnara sensed my reticence, and acted. She took my hand in hers and used me as a pleasure tool.

"Inside," she told me. "Be gentle though. You have bigger hands than mine."

I slowly dug into her, and was enveloped by the hot wetness of the elf maid's core. It was like silk inside of her. I felt not maidenhead though, but I figured that elf girls were bound to be different from human ones. The excitement of knowing that I would soon be feeling her interior in a more personal way was almost unbearable, but I couldn't rush it. I didn't want to hurt Elnara in any way.

"I think I'm ready," she said. "Are you still sure that you want to do this? We could stop here and you could still leave."

"There's no way I could leave you now."

"I won't forget," she said.

Elnara spread her legs before me offering more access. Her love mound was swollen with blood and over-flowing with its slick nectar. I'd never seen a girl more ready to be taken. Maidenhead or no I was in for a treat.

I held my stiff cock in my left hand, and rubbed it around the outside of her wet sex. Her nether lips embraced it like warm blankets. They hugged me like old friends. Elnara was so warm and so ripe she seemed ready to burst.

"Now," she said. "Put it in me now."

I eased myself into her fiercely warm interior.

We both exhaled at the sensation of our bodies becoming one. I held up for a moment, but she gripped my backside and pulled me farther into her.

It wasn't long before I was fully inside of her. Her hot juices swarmed all over my fleshy member and set it to tingling. I had never quite felt a woman like this. It was in many ways like the first time I had ever penetrated a girl, but there was something about it that raised the experience somewhere beyond.

Elnara thanked me again. It was an odd scenario for me. Most of the women that we bedded only thanked us when he put the coin in their hand at the end. We fucked for what seemed like an age. I began to feel that she was right. Maybe I would never leave this place or her. I could picture myself staying and making a life with her.

Our king could keep his war. I wasn't doing anything good for me. I'd lost my family and most of my friends to it. It was highly probable that I would die before the year was done. What did it benefit me to go back to that? No. Elnara was where I needed to be.

Elnara began to make soft crying noises, and trembled underneath me. She was reaching a climax. I'd seen whores fake it plenty of times in hopes of earning more coins, but I had no doubt that Elnara's was completely honest.

I sped up to join her and felt the tell-tale sensation of my own release. Elnara clutched me fiercely. 

"Do it inside," she pleaded. "You won't get me pregnant. Don't worry. I just want to feel it inside of me."

I stopped her words with a kiss to her lips. The hot breath that came out of her was sweet and may as well have been my own.

It didn't take much longer before I made her wish come true. My cock twitched deep within her and sent spurts of my seed deep into her elven womb. Maybe none of the other I'd met had ever bedded an elf before but I had just made one a woman.

As the rush of blood eased down within me, we held each other. All around us the noises of the glen persisted. The birds sang to each other, the insects continued about in their alien conversations, and the stream flowed down and over the sand and rocks. The water fed the plants and the mushrooms that Elnara had been collecting. The entire area represented some closed system that lived apart despite the chaos of the world around it. Why would I ever want to leave?

Eventually, I rolled off of my elf lover, and lied beside her under the sun of our forest clearing.

She kissed me tenderly again. 

"Do you regret it?" she asked.

"How could I? This was the best moment I've had in years, maybe my whole life. I want to be here with you."

"Some men wouldn't."

"They're fools. I want you and everything that entails."

I looked at her in all seriousness. "I know that you said that you couldn't get pregnant, but maybe that's just with elf men. Humans are different. I'd be happy to have children with you."

There were tears in her bright green eyes again. 

"That means the world to me," Elnara said. "If it were possible I'd have as many of your children as my body could make, but I can't help what I am. That is my nature, and I'm afraid that...it's yours now too."

"What?"

A terrible pain ripped through my middle. For a moment I remembered the time me and some of the other men had drunk bad water. I held my middle desperately, and rocked from side to side.

"Don't hurt yourself," she said. "Just hold on."

The pain seemed to ease for a moment, but then I felt my insides shifting. My hips and pelvis cracked and reformed. I screamed at the agony of it. Elnara held me the whole time—promising deliverance at the end of my pain. The torture spread from my legs to my shoulders. I thought that I must have been insane, but I could have sworn that I was shrinking by some measure.

All the while Elnara clung to me. She looked deep into my eyes, and somehow despite the pain there was peace emanating from those green-tinged orbs. 

"Stay with me," she said. "It's going to be all right."

My nipples began to ache terrible. I watched as they began to pull away, and as breasts began to swell from my body. I didn't think it was ever possible for such a thing to happen, but there it was happening to me. The breasts continued to swell until my chest was heavy, and they were even bigger than Elnara's bountiful bosom.

"They're beautiful," she told me. "Better than mine, I think."

"What's happening?"

"It's pretty clear, isn't it? I told you that you'd be like me."

"I didn't know it would be..."

She looked sad for a moment. "I told you that you wouldn't understand, but you will someday. I promise."

Then I felt the stirring from my cock. It was still coming down from the erection I'd had earlier It was being drawn into me. I felt a tearing and reformation of my being. Elnara told me that everything would be fine, but I passed out from the pain.

When I awoke it was like coming out of an age of sleep. I was in Elnara's arms, and we were sleeping under home-spun linen sheet atop of a bed of leaves. Her smile greeted me, and I couldn't help but return it. We were the same size then, though I would learn that she looked perhaps more mature—older.

"I'm glad to have you home," she told me. "Are you happy here?"

"I...my voice..."

It was as high and sweet as Elnara's. I was so confused by all of it. Who was I and how did I get there?

She held me close, and gave me a sweet kiss. It made me feel so loved and protected.

"You're perfect," she said. "Get up and see."

Elnara helped me out of our bed, and took me by the hand. She led me to a pool of bright water with a shimmering surface more reflective than any looking-glass I had seen. I couldn't quite comprehend what I saw: were there two Elnaras? We looked so much alike that we may have been sisters. I had Elnara's short red hair, her bright green eyes, and even her pointed ears. My face was broader and my build heavier than hers, but the resemblance was amazing.

"That's me?" I asked, not believing it to be true.

"It is," she said. "From now until our eternal sleep."

"But...I was different before. I think I remember it."

I squeezed at the large breasts on my chest. They were so heavy. Those weren't there before, I thought. I felt between my legs and knew that was different too.

"Yes, I know. That's when I fell in love with you." She embraced me, and I knew that she was somehow stronger than me. "Now we're together. We'll make love every day and never leave each other. Would you like that?"
