  Disclaimer: All characters are 18 or older.
Content Warnings: Unrealistic anatomy, Muscle, Incest

The Beginning

The Fates' designs are never clear to those woven into their tapestry. With each mortal and immortal birth, Nona spins the thread of fate, Decima measures it carefully, and Morta cuts it's end. Together, the fates weave each thread into their loom, crossing and twisting and interweaving each strand with countless others, forming the great and glorious tapestry of destiny. But just as one cannot see the full glory of Roma while standing in the Flavium, no single thread can see the course their thread weaves through destiny. But, seen or unseen, the course of one's fate is undeniable. See two threads, bound tight together since first they were spun, unable to know nor deny the fates' designs, as they continue blindly towards a fateful crossing of strands.

In a rural strip of Terranova, the back corner of a back corner field, wicked steel claws raked the earth with tireless hunger, ravenously feeding piled grasses into a mechanical maw, chewing down the row. As the steel beast's eyes saw the end of the row, it's simple silicon brain sparked, confirming their were no more rows to turn and feast upon. It's tireless tracks came to a halt, and its steel gut churned its meal, binding it all together. its task complete, the steel beast sang a sharp, steely tone of triumph, and it's back end opened. From the beast rolled a massive cylinder of tightly-bound hay, as tall as a man and just as wide, nearly nine hundred pounds of tightly-packed vegetable matter. It rolled down a ramp to the ground, barreling across the field like a steamroller. The baler's simple metal mind had already forgotten about the bale, its treads rolling once more as it made for the road, already occupied with its next priority, reporting a coolant leak to maintenance.

Marcus gritted his teeth and braced himself, kneeling down as the enormous bale bore down upon him. It looked even bigger from this angle. He had one chance. As soon as he felt the rough netting touch his fingers, he heaved. His entire body stiffened, muscles tensing to oaken hardness. His biceps pulled into knots of muscle the size of grapefruits, his massive pecs flexed into iron plates of pure power, his rippling core tightened to a washboard eight-pack, every bulging muscle glistening with a sheen of sweat. The bale hesitated, its path barred, but its momentum too great to be stopped. His thighs strained as he rose, defiant of the immense weight of his load, and let out a determined growl. As he reached his full height, he gave one final heave with every last ounce of strength within him. The bale's momentum carried it along as his muscles gave it one last upward push, the massive cylinder arcing into the air for a brief moment before it came crashing down once more to land in the bed of the hauler behind him, the sudden impact making the hauler's shocks buckle for an instant before they came bouncing back, the tossed bale rolling to join the dozens of others already within. 

Valeria gave a sinking whistle, impressed. "Damn! I was expecting you to get steamrolled." She commented, shaking her head as she slammed the hauler's gate shut and latched it into place. Her body was an effortless balance of strong and soft. Warm, olive skin, glistening with the sweat of a hard day's work, showed every contour of her firm, sculpted muscles. From her tight 6-pack to her strong thighs to her beefy biceps, it was like all of her body fat had been gathered to just the right places. Her labor garb, essentially a sports bra and a pair of tight skin-tight shorts, strained to contain her abundances, her full, soft E-cup breasts rising and falling with each deep breath, her wide hips and juicy, shapely ass rolling as she shifted from one foot to the other. The only other clothing she wore was her slave collar, a black choker with a small box on either side of her neck. "That makes us even, right?" She inquired casually.

Marcus grinned triumphantly, shaking his head. "Oh, no you don't. You raised the stakes, remember? Now YOU owe ME one." He corrected, wiping the sweat from his shaved head with one hand, feeling the short, black stubble already growing on his scalp rasp at his palm. Sweat glistened all over his olive-skinned body, drops gathering into rivulets that cascaded through the deep valleys of his powerful muscles. Like his sister, he wore only his slave collar and his labor garb, the labor garb much like his sister's bottoms, but the front of his tight, clinging shorts bulged with a orange-sized mass, tightly packed away.

"Damn. I was hoping you'd forgotten..." She muttered as she turned back to face him, it was easy to see the resemblance between the siblings. Venus blessed, some called them, to be so attractive even after years of hard labor. They both had the same warm olive skin, tanned a shade or two darker from working in the sun all day. Both bore the same brilliant sapphire eyes that gleamed with energy. Both had deep black hair, though it was hard to tell with their heads shaved, though the look did nothing to detract from the pair's natural beauty. While they both had the same strong cheekbones, her face narrowed into a heart shape with full, pink lips, while his bore a strong, square jaw with a bit of a shadow of stubble. 

There were plenty of other differences between the twins, too. He was taller, standing 6'5" to her 5'10", and older, too, by about an hour. He was stronger, she was faster. She was more free-thinking, he was more organized. He was better at direct competition, she was better at team sports. She was better with horns, he was better with drums. The pair had been competitive from the moment they were born, ceaselessly duelling one-another in every arena they could come up with, each looking to prove to themselves and their sibling that they were the better of the two. And yet, despite their endless struggle, they were all but inseparable, one only rarely seen without the other. 

Valeria looked thoughtful for a moment, turning to look toward the setting sun and holding up a hand. Still four fingers over the horizon... They'd gotten done early. She looked back to her brother with a playful smirk. "We've got a little time before we have to head back. We could... settle the score..." She purred, stepping toward him, putting a little extra sway in her hips.

He quickly backed up, holding up his hands and shaking his head. "No, no, Val, no. I told you, it's not happening. We can't. It's not right. You're my little sister!" He objected, firmly, though his tone couldn't hide that his body reacted to the thought, the bulge in his labor garb throbbing. 

Valeria's gaze roamed down his body, her smirk widening as her eyes fell upon the pulsing bulge. "Seems some part of you is honest... " she muttered, still striding forward slowly. "Come on, it's not that big a deal. The gods did it all the time. Decima and Nonus have been fucking for years, and nobody's trying to stop them, not even Master." She pushed. "Come on... I want a taste of what all the other girls are talking about..." She pleaded. 

As his heel met the grass embankment bordering the field, he stumbled and fell backward, landing heavily on the embankment. Valeria was on top of him in a moment, planting her hands on either side of his hips. He couldn't bring himself to fight it as she looked into his eyes and licked her lips again, grinning wickedly. "Just relax... enjoy it." She purred, slipping her fingertips into the waistband of his labor garb and slowly working it down.

The tight-fitting garment peeled away under his sister's skillful touch, rolling down his hips inch by inch, until the root of his bulge was revealed. She licked her lips again at the sight, the plump pink pillows suddenly feeling dry. It was already as thick as her wrist, and she could see it expanding, the veins marbling the shaft throbbing as they fed blood to the organ. She kept pulling, revealing inch after inch of swiftly-swelling salami, the fat member unfurling from its tight containment. Behind the meaty slab of cock hung a pair of similarly impressive balls, each fat, apple-sized sphere hanging low in his sack. Finally, the tip came free of the garment, revealing the full glory of the masculine member. Even half-hard, his wide crown hung down halfway to his knee.

Her teeth sank into her plush lower lip as her hands abandoned the garment for the meaty treat before her eyes, slender fingers hesitantly reaching for the fat shaft of her brother's cock. Her hand closed around it, or rather, failed to, the thickening shaft too big to close her hand around. She shivered as a lusty thrill ran down her spine. This was the cock she'd heard so much about. Her brother's cock. The cock that had been pounding its way through all her girlfriends. It was so much bigger than the other boys'... "You're so... Big... Incredible..." She muttered, awestruck, her hands starting to move, pumping up and down the still-growing length. It pulsed and throbbed under her fingers, swiftly expanding toward its full, glorious, size.

she couldn't help herself. She leaned down, lips puckering, and planted a soft, lusty kiss right on the throbbing tip of her brother's big, fat cock, her plush pink lips flattening against the smooth skin of his swollen cockhead. She let out a soft moan at the contact and the heat, the touch she'd longed for ever since she'd first heard about his size and skill in bed. Under the touch of her lips, his mighty shaft gave one final lurch, pulsing to its full, intimidating size, more than a foot of cock, capped in an angry red-purple crown that pulsed against her lips. She pulled her lips back, pulling them from his cock with a wet smack, to marvel at the shaft jutting proudly from her brother's hips. A full fourteen inches of wrist-thick, vein-marbled, pussy-pounding, toe-curling, never-softening COCK!

She leaned forward once again, resuming her lusty cock-kiss, kissing more passionately. He was treated to the sight of her plush pink lips spreading apart, stretching around his girth as she sank toward his hips cock, filling her mouth with his throbbing, sensitive cock. Her soft, wet lips squeezed just behind the crown and she sucked, her cheeks hollowing as she looked up to him, her blue eyes meeting his as she slurped at his pole. She pushed forward again, her tongue flicking out to swirl and tease all around the sensitive ridge of his crown. 

As the cock filled her mouth entirely, he thought she'd stop, but no, her tongue resigned itself to slurping along the underside of his cock as his head met the entrance to her throat, and he gasped as he felt it roll, swallowing his tip. She looked up to him with a mischievous sparkle in her icy blue eyes, and swallowed again, gulping down another inch of beefy brotherly cock. she swallowed again and again, taking his shaft deeper and deeper, and his eyes went wide as she passed the halfway mark. He was getting the best blowjob of his entire life, and it was from his sister. Her plump lips drew ever closer to the root of his cock,without a single sign of gagging or strain. No girl had ever been able to swallow his entire cock before. A foot of cock vanished between her lips and he found himself silently willing her to take the last of it, just push a little further and take it all...

Suddenly, they both heard a electronic chirp from their collars. A mechanical female voice sounded, commanding the pair to "Report to overseer". Valeria and Marcus both gave a groan of frustration and disappointment as Valeria pulled her lips from her brother's beefy cock. Shimmering strands of spit linked her mouth to the meaty member before they broke moments later. Valeria pushed herself to her feet and wiped her lips on her forearm, pouting as Marcus struggled to stuff his now-hard shaft back into his tight labor garb. She'd been so close. Just a few more minutes and he wouldn't have been able to object when she mounted him like a stallion... She pressed her knees together to try and soothe the burning need between her thighs. 

As Marcus finished tucking himself away, as much as he could, Valeria hit the home button on the hauler and the auto whirred to life, rolling itself off the field and back to the barn. With the task complete, the two siblings marched off the field toward the overseer post. The overseer waited impatiently, screen in one hand, the other resting casually on the handle of the punisher hanging at his hip. As the slaves approached, he barely glanced up to them. "Marcus and Valeria. you are ordered to present yourselves to the Master. You are to return to your quarters, clean yourselves, and report in house garb to the study in the main house." He recited from the screen. "Are your orders clear?" He added, looking up from the screen to the two of them.

The two glanced to each other, curiously. The overseer would be disciplining them on the spot if they were in trouble for having sex. Why would the master want to see them?

The overseer's gaze narrowed. "Repeat: Are your orders clear?" He pushed.

The siblings straightened up. "Yes, sir!" They replied out of practice, then swiftly turned and jogged for the main house as the overseer grumbled under his breath, returning to his screen. The twins headed off to get cleaned up, still entirely blind to the twists fate had in store for them.

-----

Valeria's nervous gaze flicked back and forth between the handle to Master's study and the hallway from the slave quarters. She was wearing her house-garb now, a simple beige tunic, belted around her slender, toned waist, still slightly damp from the quick wash. A look of relief washed over her face as she caught sight of her brother rounding the corner, quick-stepping down the passage toward her, wearing his own house garb. The look of relief was quickly replaced with one of annoyance as he drew close. "What took you so long?" she hissed quietly.

"I had to relax a bit." He whispered in reply.

"Relax? This is not the time for relaxing!" She hissed a little louder with anger.

"I meant... relax." He elaborated in a whisper, putting a little extra emphasis on relax. "I can't walk around hard in this..."

She frowned, shaking her head. "I just hope Master isn't angry we took so long..." She muttered, biting her lip for a moment as she looked at the door handle with trepidation, like it was a snake ready to bite. "Here we go..." She sighed, taking the door by the handle and pushing it open. 

As the door swung open, it revealed the full richness of the Master's study. Rich, deep brown woods lined the walls and floors, the space decorated with furniture carved from the deep red wood of exotic trees from more remote corners of the globe. Bookshelves lined the walls in the rear half of the room, surrounding an ornate, stately desk, covered in papers. A golden statuette of Dispater stood on one corner of the desk, and on the opposite corner, a silver figure of Ceres. The other half of the room, nearer the door, was made up as a sitting area, with a handful of comfortable armchairs. Beside the master's favorite chair, there hovered a small tabletop, bearing a bottle of very expensive-looking drink, half-empty, standing by for further use.

The master sat in his favorite seat, a looming throne-like armchair, his back to the desk so he faced the door. He was a large, round-bellied, jovial figure, with deep black skin, black, curly hair, and a neatly trimmed beard that followed his jawline. He was clad in a formal outfit, but wore it open, an almost casual look. The ice blocks in his drink clinked against the glass as he gestured widely, in the midst of an amusing anecdote of some sort. His guest was very much a different sort. The stranger was a short, slender, almost androgynous male, with soft, pale features features and fair, curly hair. His eyes were strikingly gray, and he was clad in a loose, flowing outfit of fine silk embroidered with gold, gem-studded golden jewelry around his neck and wrists. His lips were barely tweaked up into a subtle smirk. 

Standing to the side of the stranger's seat, two slaves lingered, one male, one female, leaning casually against the wall beside the couch. They were silent and largely still, observing the conversation but making no comment. One might not have noticed them if they weren't such impressive specimens. Both slaves were clad in knee-length robes, bound loosely in the front by a belt. The male loomed over everyone in the room, nearly seven feet tall, every inch of his broad-shouldered, powerful frame layered in muscle atop muscle. His face was handsome, with a strong jaw and emerald eyes, with long, wavy, coppery red hair that fell down to his shoulders. The female was as tall as Marcus and just about as muscular, her limbs layered with firm muscle, a tight, shapely hourglass figure visible under her robe, featuring some immense F-cups. Her face was beautiful, and emphasized by an alluring coat of makeup, her full lips painted a deep, eye-catching red, her hazel eyes emphasized by eyeshadow. Her long, dark hair was tied up in a long ponytail, coming to a stop at the base of her spine.

The guest glanced up as the door opened, drawing Master's attention out of his story as he followed the guest's gaze to the slaves in the doorway. Master grinned, flashing bright white teeth. "Ahh, there they are. Come on in, let him get a good look at you. Gaius, this is Marcus Domitius and Valeria Domitia." He introduced, gesturing each of the twins as they entered the room fully. "These two are twins from the very finest stock. You're looking at two hundred years of very careful breeding. Their line is a hundred generations of the finest bitches and the biggest studs from all across Terranova. I've got records all the way back, even before first contact. And all of it leads you to these two." He boasted, proudly, then glanced to the two slaves standing by the chair. "Of course, they're not quite as impressive as your pair..." He conceded.

"Oh, no need to concede at all." The guest, Gaius, spoke, his voice soft and melodic as his grey eyes looked over the two, appraising their value. "These two are quite promising indeed. Prime stock, if you will. I believe they might even be more impressive than mine were, when I first acquired them." He continued, elaborating, his voice still soft and casual as he inspected the siblings. "Have them strip." He added, finally, not looking to Master as he spoke.

Master didn't need to be addressed to jump at the order, turning to his slaves. "You heard him. Strip." Master commanded, gesturing for them to go ahead.

The siblings glanced to one-another for a moment, unsure of what was going on, exactly, but neither could offer the other an alternative. They reached for their belts and unfastened them. The slaves against the wall shifted for the first time, focusing their attention entirely on the twins as they undressed, eyeing the two of them with cold eyes, their expressions almost... hungry. Like wolves staring down prey. The look made the siblings a bit uneasy, but something about it was... exciting.

Valeria got hers off first, pulling the house garb off over her head, revealing the full glory of her naked body to three appraising sets of eyes. Her figure was perfect, 36-22-36, the ideal body, with a pair of full E-cup breasts that sat high and proud on her chest, like ripe grapefruit ready to be picked. Her breasts softly rose and fell with her breath, their surface faintly lighter than the rest of her flawless olive-bronze skin, capped with suckable milk chocolate nipples. Her hips were generous bearing a thick, perfectly-shaped backside. Between her thighs, her hairless slit glistened faintly with lingering arousal, the need she hadn't been able to satisfy since the fields. 
