 A/N: This is an attempt to record perhaps the most crazy and over-the-top of my crazy, over-the-top sexual fantasies. So be warned. It's crazy and over-the-top. 

*****

I was a mortal man once. A mere mortal man. No longer, obviously. Not since the day I merged with the Source. I still remember what it was like to be so limited. Perhaps that is why I enjoy this festival so much, even though I've held it well over a thousand times. I sat. 

The vast hall fell silent as I, the Emperor and God of all Creation, took my seat upon my throne. Fifty feet below the dais upon which my throne rested, ten thousand women knelt in a giant stone basin. They shifted nervously, shooting excited glances at each other. Each one of them was stunningly beautiful; that was the criteria of allowance for their participation in this ceremony. Of course, all the women in the Empire are beautiful, compared to those who lived before my reign began. However, some would always be more beautiful than others, and these ladies were the crème of the crop. Apart from that, they were a diverse bunch from all over my Empire. Small, slim eastern beauties knelt beside curvaceous, dark skinned dessert dwellers. Tall blonde babes mingled with the fiery red haired seductresses from the western plains. Even a few of the tall, muscular women from the jungles of the far south had made the long journey to my capital for Ascension Day. 

Valanepa, my High Priestess, strode from beside my throne to the front of the dais, swaying her hips along the way for my benefit. She was clad in the pink robe of a priestess, with a sizable hole cut in the front to display the cleavage of her truly momentous bust. A belt of woven silver girded her waist, tightening her robes to accentuate the generous curves of her hips and ass. She raised her arms and began to speak to the congregated women below.

"Welcome, women! Welcome, my fellow bitches, sluts and whores! We gather here on this day to celebrate the 1254th anniversary of the Ascension of our Magnificent Emperor, our Glorious God, He Who is the Source of All That Is Masculine. In our femininity, we glorify Him. With our beauty, we please Him. With our bodies, we serve Him. As I am sure you all know, today you shall all receive His Glorious and All-Impregnating Seed, which is normally reserved for members of the Three Harems." An excited buzz picked up as the women below were unable to contain their enthusiasm. Valanepa held up her arms and shouted, "Silence!" and the hall quieted once again. "We should all be duly grateful for this opportunity to serve as conduits for our God's power, and indeed for any opportunity at all to worship His Divine Masculinity. But is important, my fellow women, to remember your place. We are mere bitches, sluts, and whores. Bow before your God!" 

Ten thousand women bowed their heads to the floor. I never got tired of that, not ever after I've seen it one thousand two hundred and fifty four times. "Now," the High Priestess continued, "I shall beseech Him for his favor." 

The High Priestess knelt and prostrated herself before my throne. "Oh God of Cock, Ruler of all Orifices, I beseech you. Though these mere sluts are unworthy to so much as look upon you, even so, in your infinite generosity, grant them your seed, which can both give and prolong life." 

I took a moment to admire how Valanepa's giant tits mashed against the floor before I answered. "Very well, for I am a generous God." I moved my loincloth to the side, and willed my cock to grow. Such is my power that I can control the size of my sexual organs at will. As far as I know, there is no upper limit. Once, during the wars of ascension, I made my cock a mile long and used it to destroy a city that defied my rule, literally cockslapping the entire polis into dust. 

For this ceremony, I allowed my cock to grow to ten feet in length and four feet in girth, more than adequate for this purpose. It loomed over the edge of the dais, fully erect and rock hard, jutting out at a 45 degree angle over the assembled women below. Gasps of awe and desire resounded throughout the hall as they beheld my true power as the Source of all Masculinity. My balls and scrotum grew as well, the swollen sac spilling over my throne and onto the floor, giant testes becoming too heavy for even strong women to lift. 

From behind my throne emerged fifteen naked beauties, glistening with oil, each bearing a tattooed oval somewhere on her body. These were the Size Sluts, members of my Harem of Whores who specialized in pleasing me when my length exceeded three feet. Two of them were short and petite. Another eight were tall, voluptuous, and most importantly, extremely busty. The remaining five fell in between. Marianne, their leader and the tallest and bustiest of the bunch, fell to one knee before me. "It is our pleasure to serve you as always, Glorious Master." 

"Come closer," I ordered. "Puzzled, Marianne stood and approached. I seized her head and pulled her down to me, locking lips and kissing her forcefully. She uttered a stifled cry of shock and then quickly moaned as she melted into the kiss, her body trembling with excitement and finally stiffening as her pleasure exploded into a powerful orgasm, all in the mere seconds that our lips were locked. I pulled her away from me, chuckling, as she panted. 

"I... I am d-deeply honored, Glorious Master," She stuttered, eyes wide. And she had reason to be. Though I had fucked untold billions in my thousand year reign, the number of women who I actually deigned to kiss was far smaller. FAR smaller. It was a mark not only of my desire, but also my respect. Marianne had earned that respect. She trained her girls for centuries, seeking to perfect their technique for a task most sluts would not even attempt- pleasing a cock larger than their own bodies. 

"I have utmost confidence in your abilities, Marianne," I told her. "Now enough talk. Get on my cock, bitch!"

She quickly bowed. "Yes, Glorious Master! We, the Size Sluts, live to serve your enormous cock!" 

The Size Sluts took their positions. Six of the larger, bustier sluts surrounded the base of my shaft. They pressed themselves into it, grinding their giant breasts and their sopping pussies on the vast, veiny expanse of my cock. Another two knelt before my sac, each pressing herself into one of my balls, licking, sucking and kissing with abandon. 

The five girls of middling size clambered onto the shoulders of the sluts at the base of my cock, raising their heads and hands to fondle, lick, and suck at the underside of the enormous head, and the two small ones climbed even higher, to sit on the head itself in order to attack from the other side. One of them even began to grind her twat against the slit in the center. That was dangerous. If she was still doing that when I went off, she would almost certainly die. 

Marianne was one of those at the base. "Size Sluts!" She barked, "Form tit seal!" 

"Aye!" Her girls replied. The women at the base locked arms and pushed forward with strength. Such was the size of their busts, that they formed a veritable seal of titflesh around my cock. The sluts standing on their shoulders did the same, although their smaller breasts were not able to create the same seal as their more well-endowed sisters. The overall effect was a tight cocksleave of feminine flesh wrapped around the entirety of my ten foot schlong. 

"Sluts, Down!" Marriane cried. 

"Aye!" Shouted the sluts, and they began to crouch, running their breasts against the side of my shaft. 

"Up!"

"Aye"

"Rotate!" They began to slowly circle my cock, rubbing themselves all over it, slavering the shaft with their tongues, rising up and down, while the two other girls sat on the head and made love to it with their whole bodies. 

Valanepa rose to address the congregated women in the basin below. "Let us pray!" She shouted. She knelt, raising her right hand to squeeze her left breast and her left to caress her pussy through her robe- this was the appropriate position for a woman to take when praying to my divine nature. "Oh Emperor," she began, "My womanhood leeks my desire..."

The rest of the women took up the prayer. 

"Before you I am naught but a slut

"I humbly kneel before your might,

"For Yours is the Cock that fills the holes of my soul,

"Though I am but an unworthy slut

"Please grant me the joy of worshipping You,

"For You are the true source of all my pleasure.

"And to Your Masculine Greatness do I dedicate this orgasm." 

Moans echoed throughout the basin as all ten thousand women came hard. The prayer was one of the main staples of my religion. Women in my empire were required to recite it once per day, and it always resulted in an orgasm at the conclusion. The power of the orgasm depended on the geographical proximity of the individual woman to me, and in this case, all 10000 women were pretty damn close. A few of them swooned, knocked unconscious by the power of the prayer. Valanepa began the prayer again. "Oh Emperor..."

They had only completed the prayer ten times before my orgasm began. Such was the skill of Marianne and her Size Sluts. First, my balls began to tighten. One of the sluts worshiping them called a warning to the Sluts on the head of my dick, who held on for dear life. The sluts forming the living cocksleave around my shaft were knocked back as my ten foot rod tensed up, and then fired the first massive salvo with tremendous force into the air. The glob of thick white goo arced above the crowd below, and then ultimately crashed down, sending several women sprawling. The crowd rushed in, converging on the massive splatter of my cum, hoping to get a taste. They should have just waited. The following shots of my seed were less forceful, but far more voluminous. Even as my balls contracted, blasting impossibly large loads of jizz out of my dick, they worked to create ever more of the sticky, life giving fluid. 

The basin was beginning to fill. Women abandoned their cum soaked clothing, wading ankle deep in spunk. Every single one frantically scooped handfuls of the life giving nectar to their mouths, gulping it down with glee. A bellyful of my cum could prevent a woman from aging for about ten full years. Of course, those who had regular access to my seed (members of my Three Harems, plus my High Priestess Valanepa) were essentially immortal. In addition, during this ceremony I produced far more than enough semen to both impregnate and fill the stomachs of all the worshippers in attendance, so the remainder would be sold in bottles, providing my Empire with a revenue stream so massive that I barely had to collect taxes from my subjects. 

My orgasm lasted the better part of five minutes, and by the end the women below were knee deep in cum. The last gush had no force behind it, and simply ran down my shaft until it pooled on the floor of the dais around my balls. The size sluts rushed into this pool, drinking it, rubbing it on themselves, and slinging gobs of sticky fluid at each other like children playing in the snow. Only Marianne had the necessary composure to abstain from the childlike cum-play, though she eyed the pool of my seed with obvious desire. 

"You have pleased me, Marianne," I told her. "Every year, your technique improves. I will seed each of your girls individually over the next few days. And you shall serve as my Cum Dump of the Day tomorrow." 

Marianne's eyes lit up. "Th-thank you my Lord. Serving your cock is reward enough, but if you wish it, my girls and I would be happy to accept your generous accolade." She licked her lips. Cum Dump of the day was a much sought after position in my Harems. It meant that I would spend an entire day fucking her, and her alone. 

Valanepa once again spoke to the crowd below. "Give thanks! Give thanks, sluts, for the mighty gift you have been given! And now, let us rejoice!" She snapped her fingers. Hundreds of priestesses approached the rim of the basin, each carrying a wooden box filled to the brim with polished wooden dildos. 

"Look to the woman next to you," the High Priestess cried. "She is a slut! Look at the woman in front of you! Behind you! All sluts! Take these wooden shafts, and show them what sluts deserve!" The priestesses cast the boxes into the basin, scattering dildos everywhere. The cum soaked horde nearly trampled each other to get at them. Once she acquired a dildo, each woman focused on shoving it up to the hilt in some other bitch's cunt. 

I shrank my cock down to a far more manageable two foot length, and sat back to watch the show. The frenzied orgy was pleasurable for the worshippers and entertaining for me, but it also ensured that my seed was thoroughly inserted deep into the worshiper's pussies. My spunk was potent enough that every one of them would become pregnant without fail. 

The sons these women bore would be the Imperial Nobility, born to privilege and plentiful pussy. The daughters would either become Priestesses of my Religion, or join the Daughters of the Emperor. Priestesses would journey around my kingdom, spreading my word and screwing countless men and women alike. The Daughters of the Emperor were my Elite bodyguard, eternally virginal (except in rare cases where I allowed them to join the Harem of Whores). They protected my person and carried out assassinations and intelligence missions, whatever dirty deeds it took to keep the Empire running smoothly. 

The worshippers would be thoroughly engaged in fucking each other for a while yet, so this was the perfect opportunity for me to punish rebels. I motioned to Anwe, the current leader of the Daughters of the Emperor. She silently approached the throne and fell to one knee. Anwe wore the garb of the Daughters, a skin tight garment that clung to her every (and I do mean every) curve. Absolutely none of the form of her fine body was left to the imagination, with the exception of her face, which was covered by a veil that hid all but her eyes. 

"Tell Val it's time to punish the rebels," I ordered. "and bring in the first one." 

"Yes, Father," she replied dutifully. I stood. 

In my twelve centuries of rule, life has improved dramatically for all my subjects in a number of ways. For example, both men and women have become far more beautiful. There is no more war, no hunger, and very little crime. What crime there is, is without exception committed by women. Men are satisfied with my rule because of the extra privileges I grant them, and MOST women are only too happy to carry the extra burdens I have placed upon their gender for the prosperity of the Empire. However, a few each year decide to make trouble. 

This never takes the form of an open, armed rebellion against me. Instead, some women will do things like assault my Priestesses, or denounce me in public, or commit another such infraction against the Empire. They are rounded up and dealt with on Ascension Day. Anwe brought one such woman before me now, bare, with her hands bound behind her. 

She would have been beautiful before my reign, but now she was merely average. Her breasts, although large, sagged ever so slightly, and her brown hair didn't quite have that extraordinary luster. She trembled, falling to her knees as she beheld me. Her eyes quickly glued themselves to my flaccid, two foot cock, her cheeks flushing with sexual excitement despite her situation. Rebels did occasionally resist my rule, but few could ever defy me once they had beheld me in person. 

"My child," I said, addressing her. "Why have you transgressed against me?" 

"I am terribly sorry most Glorious Emperor!" The rebel babbled hysterically. "I was wrong, I never should have kicked that tax collector in the balls!" 

"I know that you are sorry," I said patiently. "I am asking you why." 

"Your pardon, Great One," she moaned dejectedly, staring at the floor. "I just got fed up is all. I got felt up by men at the market, and then when I got home my husband made me suck off his guests. And then the next day was Facial Day and he wouldn't cum on my face! I had to blow the stable boy so as not to be thrown in the stocks for public use! The tax collector came to the house to collect food for the local priestess and he took the special loaf I was saving for my daughter, and I was so frustrated that I kicked him in the balls." 

I took a step forward, holding out my hands in front of me. "Look at my hands," I commanded. She raised her head to look. "If I touched you with these hands, would you be upset?" 

"N-No, of course not, Great Emperor," The rebel stuttered, juices running down her legs at the very thought of me touching her. "It would be an honor beyond words!" 

"Look at my cock," I commanded. Her eyes quickly fell to my two foot slab of meat. "Would you be upset, if I ordered you to suck my cock?"

"What? Of course not, Your Masterfulness! That is a privilege said to be afforded only to the highest ranking among the Harems! I would never dream of forgoing such an amazing honor!"

I pointed to the puddle of cum that the Size Sluts still gleefully frolicked in. "That is my cum. If I ordered you to stain your face with it, would you be upset?" 

"Great Emperor, Your seed is the most valuable commodity in the entire Empire! Two wear such a treasure on my face would bring me nothing but the utmost pride and joy."

I lifted my cock to display my giant ballsack. My stones were now each about the size of a clenched fist. "Look at my balls," I ordered. "Would you ever kick these balls?" 

"I would never!" She shouted. "The very thought of violating your divine person so makes me sick to my stomach!" 

"But you did," I explained to her. "I am the Source of all Masculinity. When those men at the market groped you, it was my hands that touched you. When your husband made you entertain his guests, it was my cocks that you sucked. When that stableboy blew his load on your face, it was my spunk that decorated your visage. When you kicked that tax collector's balls, it was my balls that you kicked. Do you understand now, the extent of your sins?" 

The rebel's face went a deathly pale. She prostrated herself, sobbing. "I am unworthy of forgiveness," she wailed. "I should have been happy, but I didn't understand. I am so sorry."

I smiled. "Since you now understand, your punishment will be light," I said softly, motioning to Valanepa. Val knelt before me, taking my flaccid cock in her hands. "Show me your face," I ordered the rebel. She rose to a kneeling position. Valanepa moved the tip of my cock to the tear-stained woman's lips. "This is the instrument of your punishment," she declared. "Kiss it." 

Wide eyed, the rebel kissed and licked the tip of my cock with abandon, unsure about why she was being honored so, but unwilling to question why. Val pulled my cock away from her after a moment. "Jeez. Don't get greedy, bitch." She grasped my cock at the base with both hands, holding it straight up in the air. Then, with all her might, she brought it down in a powerful double-handed blow across the rebel's face with a resounding *THWACK!* The woman fell to the floor, one hand clutching her face, the other hand furiously rubbing her clit. 

"Thank you," She moaned. "Oh thank you, thank you thank you! I'm CUMMING! OOOOOHHH!" She had the best orgasm of her life, lying on the floor before me after having been chastised with my all-powerful rod. "Go forth," said Valanepa to the rebel, "and sin no more against Cock." 

The next rebel was a bit more troublesome. She was short, with small breasts and short hair, and she looked at me with open defiance, the slight flush in her cheeks providing the only evidence that my divine presence was having any effect on her whatsoever. "Why have you sinned against me, my child?" I asked her. 

"Fuck you, you bastard," she replied. "I'm more than just a sack of meat for men to stick their dicks into, fucker!"
