 By midday the next day Gwendalyn and Cockweasel finally rode into the army campsite located right near the frontlines of the war against the orcs. It was a small camp of rangers away from the main host of the army. There were only about twenty soldiers there including a medic and the commander, Captain Harlen.

It was the Captain that greeted them as they dismounted.

"You must be Lady Gwendalyn," he said, bowing as he helped the paladin down off her warhorse. He barely gave Cockweasel a glance.

"Yes, thank you for your help in this mission Captain," replied Gwendalyn politely.

The captain was a tall, good looking middle aged soldier with black hair showing some streaks of grey and a neatly trimmed black mostache. "It is our pleasure to assist such a valiant and if you don't mind me saying, beautiful knight," he said, kissing the back of Gwendalyn's hand gallantly.

Cockweasel wondered what the chivalrous captain would have said if he'd seen the paladin last night. On her knees with a goblin's cock shoved into her tonsils.

Captain Harlen offered his arm to Lady Gwendalyn and led her across the camp towards his command tent. Cockweasel hurried along behind them, completely ignored by the human ranger.

"So you've been able to locate the encampment where they have the orc?" Gwendalyn asked as they walked.

"We have," replied Harlen. "Originally it was our unit that learnt of this Foulfang's intention to desert. We were moments away from intercepting his escape when the orcs recaptured him. I had hoped that I would have personally been given the mission to break him out, but General West believed you had some unique skills and were better suited to the task." The captain glanced distastefully back at where Cockweasel was hurrying along behind them.

"How many orcs are we expecting at the prison site?" Gwendalyn asked as they ducked to enter Captain Harlen's tent.

"According to our scouts there are at least fifty orcs present, that's not including those held prisoner, as well as a handful of goblin underlings."

Cockweasel entered the tent behind them. It was quite sparse, a stretcher in one corner with a chest at the foot, probably containing the Captain's personal belongings. In the centre was a table that was apparently used for strategising. Rolled out on the table were a number of maps as well as some navigational equipment.

Harlen led them right up to the table and pulled out a map of the immediate area, rolling it out on top of the clutter of other maps. He stabbed his finger down on the map. "We're here at the moment, about a mile away from these hills here," he explained. "The goblin prison is about half a mile further in. We can get you to the hills, but from there you're on your own. A small group, just the two of you should be able to slip right up to the orc prison unnoticed. Getting inside however is another matter."

"We've got it covered," Cockweasel assured him, speaking for the first time.

Harlen ignored him completely and turned to Lady Gwendalyn. "It's not going to be easy, and getting out is likely to be just as difficult. Two hours after we drop you off we'll mount a raid on the orc encampment, we're outnumbered so don't expect it's the cavalry coming to bail you out, but it should act as a diversion to give you a chance to slip away in the chaos."

"Thank you," said Gwendalyn, touching the soldier's arm. "We'll need all the help we can get."

"I'll be praying for your safe return," Harlen told her.

***

They waited until just before dusk to make their move. After being escorted to the foot of the hills by Captain Harlen and his men, Gwendalyn and Cockweasel had travelled the rest of the way quickly, making good time.

From their vantage point, crouched behind some thick foliage they could see the entrance to the orc prison. It was a cave of some sort, no doubt quite large if the numbers that Captain Harlen had quoted were correct.

"Wear this," instructed Cockweasel, handing a small brown smock to her.

Gwendalyn looked at it in surprise, realising it was the dress worn by the nymph that had attacked Cockweasel a few days ago. "You kept it?' she queried in surprise.

Cockweasel shrugged. "Hey, it's not every day I get kissed like that."

Gwendalyn frowned but decided not to ask. She glanced around to look for a place to get changed.

"Quick, just do it here," urged the goblin.

"Okay," she agreed, remembering the clock was ticking. The rangers would be mounting a diversionary assault in less than an hour and a half from now.

Gwendalyn felt a little bashful at stripping in front of Cockweasel, especially knowing what a lecherous fellow he was, but she didn't really have much choice. She yanked her torn tunic up over her head, trying to keep one arm across her bare breasts at all times.

Cockweasel grinned and licked his lips as he watched the topless paladin. Her big tits were difficult to keep covered as she struggled into the nymph's smock and his stares were rewarded with a few nice peeks of her dark, pointed nipples. What he'd give to suck on those jugs for a while.

The smock was very tight, made for the much small nymph it was a tough job to get into. The brown gown stretched very tight across Gwendalyn's expansive bosom, almost threatening to rip and leaving very little to the imagination. It was low cut, only millimetres short of exposing the edge of her areola's and showing plenty of deep cleavage.

Gwendalyn reached under the hem of the smock and unfastened her leather pants, tugging them down and trying to keep the hem of the smock from riding up too much. The short dress showed off her long, trim legs to excellent effect, so short that it almost exposed the lower slopes of her firm buttocks at the back.

"You look great," said Cockweasel once she was ready, eyeing her up lecherously and licking his lips in admiration.

"Let's get this over and done with," muttered the paladin, stashing her clothes and longsword at the base of a nearby bush. She felt very exposed, not just by the tiny smock, but also by the fact she'd be going into the orc lair weaponless.

"Let's get you looking like a prisoner then," Cockweasel moved in front of her and tied her wrists together in front of her, taking his time and being sure to get a good up close look into her cleavage as he did so. He used a loose knot that Captain Harlen had shown him so that Gwendalyn could break free in a moment if required.

"There we go," announced Cockweasel once he was happy with the knot, he reached around and gave her a pat on the ass, causing her to almost jump in surprise.

Gwendalyn glared angrily at him. "Just behave yourself. Remember I can get out of these ropes if necessary!"

"Let's go then," urged Cockweasel with a wink.

He grabbed the end of the rope tied to Gwendalyn's wrists and dragged her forward towards the orc lair. His heart was hammering in his chest as he approached, if the orcs saw through their scheme they were dead.

Gwendalyn stumbled along behind her 'captor' doing her best to look like a distraught human prisoner. Inside she was just as nervous as Cockweasel, feeling very vulnerable without her sword and armour.

For a so-called orc war camp/prison the cave was on surprisingly low alert. Standing at the cave entrance was a single orc guard, leaning heavily on a tall steel tipped spear and looking half asleep. He didn't even notice their approach until they were almost right in front of him.

"Oi! What the fuck do you want?" growled the orc when he finally noticed Cockweasel and Gwendalyn. The orc was a short (somewhere between goblin and human size in height), stocky pig faced creature with ruddy green-brown skin an ugly snout and two fangs that jutted up from his lower jaw overtop of his upper lip.

Cockweasel swallowed nervously, although he wasn't tall the orc was powerfully built like most of it's kind and the much smaller goblin did not fancy his chances of getting away if things turned bad. His only consolation at this point was that the orc was obviously somewhat relaxed at the sight of a goblin and hadn't already run him through with the spear in a stab first, ask questions later approach that Cockweasel had feared might have been the case.

"I, um. I..." stammered Cockweasel.

"Spit it out goblin!" growled the orc, it's voice was deep and gruff and it almost sounded like he had rocks crunching around in the back of his throat.

"I, er, I caught this human," he said, tugging Gwendalyn forward by the rope. "She's for the slave cells." 

The orc sniffed up a big dribble of snot that had been threatening to drop from his snout. "Another human slave eh?"

"Yeah, a woman," added Cockweasel, feeling a little more comfortable with each passing second that the orc didn't kill him.

"She's a pretty one," growled the orc, looking Gwendalyn up and down, noting her well curved body in the skimpy brown smock that Cockweasel had dressed her in.

Gwendalyn could feel the monsters gaze on her and wished that she'd worn something with a bit more material.

Cockweasel too apparently noticed the orc's stare. "Real nice," he agreed, pulling the rope and dragging Gwendalyn right next to him. "She's got a great pair of attitude's eh?" he said, reaching up with one hand and squeezing Gwendalyn's heavy right breast through her smock.

"Nice," grunted the orc in agreement, watching thoughtfully as the goblin's hand moved over to the busty woman's other tit, giving it a squeeze and then jiggling it in his palm.

"Nice big tits," said Cockweasel, so absorbed by his fondling of Gwendalyn's magnificent jugs that he almost forgot he was supposed to be having a conversation with the orc guard. The horny goblin licked his lips as he pinched the paladin's nipple through the material of her dress.

"Big," agreed the orc, stepping right up to the pair. He reached out and roughly grabbed Gwendalyn's other tit, roughly mauling it in his big hand. Gwendalyn winced in discomfort and gasped. He then reached down and grabbed the hem of her dress and tugged it up to her hip, exposing a good portion of Gwendalyn's firm ass. "I want to mate with her," said the orc, grabbing a handful of her buttocks and squeezing hard.

"You, um," Cockweasel's voice went up a couple of octaves in surprise. "You can't."

The orc frowned, dropping his hand away from the woman and focussing his attention back on Cockweasel. "Can't?" he growled menacingly.

Cockweasel swallowed. "She's a virgin, worth lots."

The orc glared at Gwendalyn's luscious curved body with a mixed of lust and doubt. "Virgin?"

Cockweasel's mind raced, realising he would have to satisfy the orc somehow to get inside the cave. He reached up towards Gwendalyn's face, "She's got a pretty mouth though," he told the orc with a wink, pushing one of his grubby fingers right between the busty blonde's lips and into her mouth.

Gwendalyn's eyes went wide, she seen Cockweasel scratching his ass and balls way too many times to be happy about having his finger in her mouth. Not too mention the fact the goblin was obviously offering up her mouth to this brute guard. Still she had to admit it was better than the alternative.

The orc hesitated a moment, apparently weighing up the offer. "Okay," he grunted at last, leaning his spear against the entrance to the cave and pulling open the front of his trousers.

Gwendalyn winced as the orc fished out a thick smelly cock from inside his pants, holding it in his meaty fist. She glanced down at the ground, it was covered with sharp looking rocks and rubble, not the sort of ground she wanted to be kneeling on. Not seeing a lot of alternatives, the buxom paladin bent forward at the waist, down towards the orcs offered penis.

Her hands were still tied together in front of her and she leant them both on the orcs thigh for support. The stench of the orc's cock was horrendous, but when she thought about it not much worse than Cockweasel's really.

Muttering a quick prayer, Gwendalyn leant forward and put her mouth around the tip of the orc's cock. The burly creature gave a moan of obvious pleasure at the touch of her lips. He kept his fist around the base of his cock so there was only about 3 inches of penis to go into Gwendalyn's mouth, thank the Gods for small mercies. 

Gwendalyn grimaced as she sucked noisly on the end of the orc's cock, swiping her tongue around the tip and sealing her lips around the thick shaft. She bobbed her head over his cock, slurping as she drew her lips up and down the length of his cock that jutted out from his hand.

"Told you she was good," Cockweasel said to the orc who was obviously taking great pleasure from the paladin's mouth. Cockweasel gave Gwendalyn's ass a slap, enjoying the control he had over her for the time being. Her ass felt great so he reached back and this time gave it a squeeze through her dress.

The orc reached down and grabbed the top of Gwendalyn's head as she sucked him, holding her head in place as he stabbed his cock into her mouth a few times, moaning as he became more and more turned on. With the end of his cock in Gwendalyn's mouth and against her tongue the orc began to stroke his cock, rubbing the lower half, his fist banging into her face as he jerked off. He was half getting a blowjob, half masturbating directly into her mouth. 

"Good sucking!" the orc moaned his fist a blur on his cock, the head of his penis vibrating in Gwendalyn's mouth as she did her best to suck heavily on him.

The orc gave a loud grunt and was suddenly spurting. With his strong hand holding her head in place Gwendalyn had nowhere to go as he started to full her mouth with hot, sticky orc semen. The guard's knee's sagged as he shot thick ropes of cum across Gwendalyn's tongue, emptying his load into her mouth.

"Good sucking," he repeated, wringing the last few drops into her mouth. He pulled his spent cock out from between her lips and slapped it a couple of times against her cheek, leaving a couple of tiny droplets of sperm.

"You can go in," the guard said when he finally released Gwendalyn's head.

"Thank you, thank you," replied Cockweasel, almost grovelling as he pulled Gwendalyn inside, holding tightly to the rope that bound her wrists.

"I can't believe you put me through that," hissed Gwendalyn once they were deep enough into the cave to be out of earshot.

"Sorry," apologised Cockweasel. "But at least I didn't let him fuck you."

"And was squeezing my ass necessary?"

"Just getting into character," the goblin replied. The argument was quickly cut short as they entered the first large chamber of the orc cave.

It was a vast chamber with about five different tunnels leading off in various directions. There were about a dozen orcs and even a couple of goblins inside, mostly lazing about. A few were gambling at a table near the middle of the cavern and one particularly muscular orc was sharpening a huge axe in one corner of the cavern. One or two looked up at their entry and seemed a little surprised to see a human prisoner, but fortunately no one bothered them as they made their way around the edge and took the first tunnel, hoping it led where they wanted to go.

It didn't. Cockweasel dragged Gwendalyn down the dimly lit passageway and stumbled right into an orc sleeping area.

On the broken bed that was in the centre of the small chamber there was a fat, overweight orc. He was naked and busy vigorously thrusting into the posterior of a human slave. She was young, obviously a peasant girl that had been captured somewhere along the way. She was a little skinny but otherwise could have been quite pretty if she was cleaned up. The orc held her hips tightly in his plump hands and was slamming his thick cock into her doggy style.

"What ya want?" he growled in annoyance when he saw Cockweasel stumble into the room. 

"Ah, prison?" stammered the goblin in reply.

"Next tunnel you stupid goblin," grunted the orc, resuming his fucking.

Cockweasel nodded and quickly backed away.

They followed the directions given, quickly slipping through the main chamber and down along the next tunnel.

Sure enough this time they found the prison area of the orc cave. Gwendalyn's stomach churned when she saw two large orcs standing guard in front of an iron gate that had been fashioned across the tunnel to lock prisoners inside. She wondered what humiliation Cockweasel was going to put her through to get past the guards.

Fortunately it didn't involve oral sex, the busty paladin managing to get away with a few exploratory pinches and gropes as both orcs took it in turns to check her for any hidden weapons.

"What does this Kum Foulfang look like?" hissed Cockweasel once they were past the main gate to the series of caverns that served as a prison. The two guards locked the gate behind them as they entered.

"I don't know," replied Gwendalyn.

"How are we going to find him then?" 

"I don't know," Gwendalyn replied again, that was the first time she'd even considered the problem of identifying the orc defector. Up until now she hadn't even got past the problem of getting inside the orc jail in her planning.

Fortunately it didn't prove as hard as expected. The jail contained mostly human prisoners, all rather gaunt and mistreated, mostly women as orcs tended to kill the survivors of battle rather than accepting any surrenders. There were also a handful of goblins, but only one orc.

Kum Foulfang was behind another locked gate near the back of the main prison cavern. He was quite big for an orc, but not muscular like the guard Gwendalyn had sucked off, but chunky and flabby like the orc they'd found fucked the slave in the first tunnel they'd ventured down.

"We're going to need the key," murmured Gwendalyn, eyeing up the locked the door.

"Hurry up in there goblin!" grunted one of the guards from the other side of main gate.

Cockweasel looked back in surprised and realised that it would indeed look a bit odd if he staying in the jail with his prisoner. He turned back to Gwendalyn and started to untie her wrists to release her into the general population.

"I've got an idea," he whispered. "Just play along and I'll get us that key."

"Okay," agreed the paladin with a subtle nod, rubbing her wrists as the rope finally came off.

"Take my cock out and start playing with it," instructed Cockweasel.

"What?" she hissed, suddenly getting annoyed with her horny squire.

"Trust me," he whispered. "Just play along and then when you see your chance grab the key."

"I don't see..."

"Do it!" insisted Cockweasel, glancing over his shoulder at the guards.

"Fine," agreed Gwendalyn at last. She reached into the front of the goblin's pants and pulled out his green cock. It was soft, but she felt it twitch in her palm as she gave it a squeeze and pulled it out of his pants. Her other hand cupped his balls as she began to toy with his thickening penis.

"Good," murmured Cockweasel, reaching up and grabbing at both of Gwendalyn's tits through her smock. The paladin stiffened at his touch and suppressed the urge to slap him, letting him play with her boobs as she stroked his cock.

Cockweasel's dick quickly stiffened in Gwendalyn's hands and she began to give him a proper handjob, wrapping her hand around his shaft and rubbing rapidly up and down. All the while the goblin continued to fondle her breasts, squeezing and pinching them through her dress.

"What the hell's going on in there?" demanded the guard from behind the still locked gate, obviously starting to lose patience.

"I'll just be a minute," replied Cockweasel, moaning softly as Gwendalyn jerked him off, perhaps enjoying it a little too much.

"What are you doing?" demanded the orc.

Cockweasel sighed theatrically and pried Gwendalyn's hand off his cock, he stuffed it back in his pants and turned to the guard. "Sorry, it's just she does this amazing thing with her hands, I wanted one last go."
