 Foulfang gave a cry of surprise as he landed face first in the two foot deep stream, it was just deep enough to avoid his face hitting the rock at the bottom. Before he had a chance to stop himself the stream washed him headfirst down into the hole. His left shoulder wash smashed jarringly into the rocks around the edge of the gap and then he found himself jammed into the hole. His head, shoulders and upper body sticking downwards, overlooking a much deeper river in the darkness below, his legs still in the stream above, jammed in place but his over-sized belly.

Gwendalyn glanced back around the corner to see the two guards struggling with the broken lock that Cockweasel had left behind. She could hear shouts from further back near the back section of the cave that suggested more orcs were on their way. She swore under the breath and hurried back to where Foulfang was jammed into the hole.

"Help me push," she said to Cockweasel, jumping down into the stream behind the orcs back half.

The two of them reluctantly pressed their hands against Foulfang's prodigious posterior and shoved with all their might.

It only took the single push. All at once Foulfang popped free and was thrown into the open gulf of darkness below. Propelled by the momentum of their push and the speed the orc came free both Gwendalyn and Cockweasel followed. The latter yelping in surprise as he fell through the hole and into the darkness.

They landed in the fast moving river bellow with three splashes in quick succession. Gwendalyn reached out and managed to grab a handful of Foulfang's tunic collar as they were immediately washed downstream by the rapid current.

With the orc frantically struggling, Gwendalyn struggled to keep Foulfang's head above water as they were swept downstream. The shouts of the orcs above quickly vanished as they were carried away by the river.

It felt like hours but was probably only minutes as they were washed along by the river. Several times waves of pain shot through Cockweasel's body as he was slammed against the rock walls or hit other debris floating in the cold river.

"Light!" he heard Gwendalyn's shout from not too far away. Sure enough he saw a dull glow from further downstream. 

Moments later Cockweasel was swimming for the edge of the river where there was a small beach of sand. They had been swept along the underground river into a vast cavern where the river widened and slowed. The light that Gwendalyn had seen was coming from the roof of the cavern which let off a dim, blue-white glow. Cockweasel had no idea what caused the glow but it didn't look too natural to him.

"Are you okay?" asked Gwendalyn as he reached the shore. Beside her the orc Foulfang was coughing and hacking up all the water he'd swallowed during their unplanned river ride.

"I'll be fine," replied Cockweasel, breathing heavily. He was exhausted from the effort of struggling to keep his head above water and sore from the battering he'd taken against the rocks on way through.

"Nice rescue," remarked Foulfang sarcastically once he'd cleared most of water from his throat and lungs.

"It'd didn't exactly go to plan," admitted Gwendalyn. She was still dressed in the ultra skimpy brown smock that Cockweasel had taken from the nymph. The dress had been very revealing initially, but now it was soaking wet and clung to the blonde's phenomenal curves like a second skin, leaving almost nothing to the imagination. Her ample chest rose and fell as she breathed rapidly, each expansive breath causing her bosom to swell out mind-bogglingly, her hard nipples clearly visible through the wet fabric as well.

"Why did you save me anyway?" asked the orc with a note of suspicion.

"We learnt of your intention to change sides," explained Gwendalyn. "The knowledge you can give our armies will be invaluable in the war."

The fat orc opened his mouth to reply when a spear suddenly appeared right in front of his face. Lady Gwendalyn reached for her non-existent sword and within seconds they were surrounded.

Their attackers were elves all female. Slender with the pointed ears typical of the elves, only these elves had black skin, so dark it had almost blue-ish sheen to it (which could have been due to the strange lighting from the cavern ceiling). They were dark elves, otherwise known as drow.

There were six drow, all armed with long spears, tipped with leaf-shaped blades. They wore tight fitting black leather armour the clung to their athletic bodies. Interestingly from Cockweasel's perspective was the way the front of the elves leather vests all gaped open, displaying plenty of cleavage. None were quite as well endowed as Gwendalyn, but there was still plenty of boobage for his viewing pleasure. Not the most practical armour for battle perhaps, but if he'd been fighting them he would have been distracted.

"We don't mean any harm," said Gwendalyn, holding her hands up and trying to show she was unarmed. "We're just passing through."

"Come with us," said one of the drow, gesturing with the dangerous looking tip of her spear for them to proceed up the beach towards the tunnel on the cavern wall ahead of them.

"Such a nice rescue," Foulfang muttered under his breath as the three of them were marched at spear point up towards the tunnel. 

They went through and followed it's length for a couple of hundred meters until it opened out into another cavern who's roof was also lit by the strange azure glow. Inside this cavern was small village made up of several building's carefully crafted from stone. They were forced through down to the centre of the building's where another dozen drow were waiting. 

The group were again all female. At the front of the group was the apparently leader of the village, a tall buxom dark elf holding a gnarled staff of dark ebony wood. She was wearing a gown of white, unlike the rest of the drow who were all dressed in black leather armour. The gown was long, falling all the way to her feet, but was slit up one side revealing her long, slender leg. Like the leather vests, the front of the gown gaped open wide, the neckline plunging all the way to her waist displaying a good portion of her generously rounded breasts and coming very close to exposing her dark nipples.

"We found these three down at the river Mistress Vilestra," said the same drow who'd spoken at the riverbank.

The leader of the elves slowly looked at the three prisoners. She then pointed to Foulfang. "He looks strong enough for breeding stock," she announcing, eying the orcs podgy body somewhat critically.

Kum was surprised at this, he'd heard of drows and orcs mating before, usually as a result of the orc raping a drow, never the other way around. The resulting offspring were known as dorcs. The dorcs were dark skinned like the drow, but possessed the thicker, stockier figure of their orcish genes. They weren't the smartest, even by orc standards and were mostly used for physical labour in slave camps.

Vilestra then pointed to Gwendalyn. "You are female and therefore no use to us. You will be sacrificed to the Goddess. Kalysa," she said, turning to the leather armoured drow who'd brought them up from the river, "secure her at the altar, the ceremony will be tomorrow at dawn."

Cockweasel swallowed, that didn't sound good, he thought to himself. He also wondered when dawn was in this underground lair. He immediately stopped worrying about that when the drow leader turned her attention to him.

"You," she said, squinting slightly as she gazed thoughtfully at the nervous goblin. "You I'll find a use for. Have him taken to my quarters."

Cockweasel sighed with relief when he realised he wasn't going to be sacrificed as well. He hoped that she would use him for breeding stock too actually.

All three of them were dragged off in different directions by the amazon-like warriors. Foulfang was taken at spear point to a nearby stone building and led inside. He was stripped of his clothing and thrown into a room that was completely empty other than a wooden chair that had a red velvet cushion on it. Behind him the door was slammed shut and locked.

He glanced nervously about, feeling rather vulnerable without any clothing. He was definitely alone. There were two windows in the room which let in a little light, but it was still quite dark. The windows were small, definitely not big enough for him to climb through. 

"Stupid rescue," he grumble, although with the cushioned chair he had to admit that this cell was better furnished than the previous one. With a sigh he sat down on the chair and waited.

He didn't have to wait long. About a minute later he jumped slightly on the chair as there was the noisy clunk of the door being unlocked. Foulfang looked up nervously as it opened.

The drow that entered was completely naked. And stunningly beautiful.

She was not one that Foulfang had seen before during his short time in the underground village, presumably one of their breeding stock as well. She was tall and slender, although her hips were curvy and her breasts full and firm. The dark elf's skin was jet black, contrasting sharply with her long, snowy white hair. Her body was hairless, her pubic mound bare.

Foulfang swallowed, not sure if he was nervous or excited by the sight of the naked dark elf he had been chosen to mate with.

***

Whilst Foulfang was being about to be mated by a busty drow, Cockweasel was being put to work by a busty drow. If the goblin had known he'd of switches places in a heartbeat.

The leader of the drow, Mistress Vilestra had informed Cockweasel that he was to become her house slave. She already had him scrubbing the floor of the large stone building that served as her quarters. Cockweasel was immediately reminded of the many years he'd served as a slave to a sorceress before he met Lady Gwendalyn. He had no intention of returning to that thankless lifestyle.

"Get me some wine goblin!" snapped the drow. She was sitting at a desk reaching through some parchments while Cockweasel scrubbed the floor. At her command he hurried to the room next door which was a small kitchen area and grabbed a large stone jug that was filled with dark red wine.

Cockweasel hurried back to his new mistress, struggling a little to balance the heavy jug. He tipped the large jug, splashing wine into the silver goblet on the table in front of the buxom drow leader. He must have poured a little too quickly however, as the goblet was tipped over by the force of the liquid and the red wine splashed down over front of Vilestra's pure white gown.

The drow gasped in surprise as the front and lap of her dress was suddenly drenched in the red alcohol.

"You stupid little creature!" she gasped in horror.

Cockweasel paled in surprise, wondering how annoyed she would get with him. He suffered plenty of torturous punishments at the hands of his previous mistress.

"Sorry!" he blurted hurriedly as he grabbed a cloth rag and began to dab at Vilestra's lap, trying to soak up as much of the wine as he could. Unfortunately her dress was pure white and there was no way to get rid of the red stains.

Cockweasel didn't let that put him off however. He desperately rubbed the pretty drow's legs through her soaked dress, then moved the rag further up over the wine stains. When he reached her chest he suddenly found himself pressing the rag to the elves ample breasts. The large orbs felt incredibly warm and soft against his rag filled hand and the horny goblin abruptly forget what he was doing. Somehow in amongst his cleaning of Vilestra's dress he dropped the rag and started using both hands to clean the stained material that covered her mountainous chest. Cockweasel gave a small moan as he squeezed the drows big black boobs through her dress. The coolness of the wine had made her nipples stand up and they felt like hard buds against his palms.

Suddenly the groping goblin froze, his fingers sunken into the soft flesh of the dark elf's tits. Resting against his inner thigh was the cool steel length of Vilestra's long bladed dagger.

"You're quite a nuisance goblin," she said dangerously. Cockweasel's hands immediately stopped their fondling and dropped down away from her bosom. "I think it might be best if my new slave was a eunuch." 

Cockweasel had no idea what a eunuch was, but it didn't sound promising. Almost without thinking he picked up the wine jug. Vilestra obviously didn't consider him a threat as she didn't react at his movement. Before she could correct her mistake Cockweasel shattered the heavy jug over the side of the dark elf's head.

Mistress Vilestra went down like a sack of potatoes. She fell back sideways off her chair and slumped to the floor, completely knocked out.

"This seems a little familiar," muttered Cockweasel as he pushed away the fallen chair and bent over the drow's unconscious body to check if she was alive or dead.

***

"You need to be hard," snapped the nude dark elf, standing directly in front of where Foulfang still sat on the velvet cushioned chair. Her legs were apart and the orc could clearly see the lips of her sex, glistening and slightly moist already.

"You could suck it?" suggested Foulfang with a slight smirk.

The dark elf's face twisted up in disgust at his suggestion. "Do you not find me attractive?" she asked him, ignoring his comment.

"You've got nice tits," replied the orc with a shrug.

The dark elf seemed to accept that as a compliment and moved forward, straddling Foulfang as he sat on the chair. She ran her hands seductively up her sides and cupped and squeezed her own tits, pinching on the nipples. She then lowered herself down onto Kum's lap and slipped her soft hands between his legs, taking hold of his flaccid penis. As she started to stroke his cock in her cool hands, she leant forward and pressed her ample breasts into the orcs face, smothering his snout in her cleavage.

Foulfang apparently liked this. His hands moved up and grabbed the sides of the drow's big tits, squeezing them and pressing them harder against his face. His tongue came out and licked up the length of her deep cleavage, his protruding fangs scraping slightly against the soft flesh of her boobs.

***

Cockweasel looked down thoughtfully at the prone body of the dark elf leader. Through the open front of her white gown he could see a considerable portion of her sizeable tits. The mountainous orbs thrust up from her chest aching to be touched.

"This is very familiar," Cockweasel murmured to himself as he reached down and grabbed a gown covered tit in each hand. He gave the firm melons a squeeze as he considered his options.

"I'll have to escape," he said, planning out loud. He massaged the unconscious drows firm breasts through her dress as he plotted. "If she wakes up my life won't be worth shit."

The goblin slipped his hands inside the front of the dark elfs dress where he cupped and squeezed her warm, bare breasts. They felt wonderfully smooth beneath his groping fingers.

"I guess I should try and save Gwendalyn and the orc as well," he decided, fondling as he spoke.

He looked down thoughtfully, studying the beautiful drow's unconscious face. Her lips were full and pouty, jet black in colour but inviting all the same. In Cockweasel's opinion a mouth like that was made for cocksucking.

"But there's no hurry really," he noted, his hands down inside the front of Vilestra's dress pinching roughly on her nipples.

***

Foulfang's cock was now hard in the drow's soft hand as she stroked his length rapidly. The orc was now sucking on one of her hard nipples, one of his hands squeezing eagerly on the untended breast, the other cupping her firm right buttock.

The elf apparently decided that he was hard enough. She moved forward, lifting herself up from where she was sitting on Foulfang's knee. She gave his hard erection a firm squeeze as she lined the head of his cock up with the now dripping wet entrance to her sex. 

She gave a long groan of pleasure as she sunk down onto the orc's thick cock, letting his rock hard shaft slide up inside her.

"Oh fucking hell!" groaned Foulfang, letting the tip of the drow's heavy breast slip from his mouth. Both of his hands moved to grab at her buttocks as the dark skinned elf slowly started to move up and down on his cock. Kum thrust his cock upwards to meet her bounces and his hands squeezed tightly on her firm ass, his fingers sinking into the flesh of her buttocks as he pulled her down against him.

The orc gave a snort of pleasure through his pig-like snout and he suddenly stood up off the velvet cushioned chair. He still held the slender dark elf, his hands cupping her ass and holding her against him, his cock impaled in her vagina. Kum Foulfang gave another lustful grunt as he went to his knees and then lowered the drow to the floor so that he was on top of her, now able to control the speed of their fucking himself.

The dark elf breeder wrapped her long black legs around Foulfang as he started to pump on top of her, his hard cock sliding rapidly in and out of her cunt with lust-filled abandon.

***

Meanwhile Cockweasel was starting to enjoy his time in the drow village as well.

He was now kneeling over the unconscious drow matron's face, his green erection hovering over her beautiful visage and his bare buttocks resting on her bosom.

"Who's the stupid one now then?" he said, smirking down at the beautiful drow. Cockweasel held his cock by the base and waved it up and down, the head of his penis slapping against her dark, pouting lips.

"Open wide bitch!" he said, grabbing a handful of her hair and lifting her head up off the stone floor. At the same time he pushed forward, sliding his hard cock between Vilestra's full lips and into her mouth. 

"Oh yeah!" he groaned, moving both his hands to the back of the dark elf's head and pulled her against his crotch. It felt fantastic to shove his cock in between the drow's haughty lips.

Cockweasel began to push and pull on the dark elf's head, sliding her mouth back and forth along the length of his cock. Each time he pulled her in towards him he pumped his hips forward and jammed his cock deep into her throat, loving the way his cock felt as it slid along her tongue and pushed against her tonsils.

He moved her head faster and faster over his cock, using her mouth like he would a fist for masturbating. Unlike the blowjob Gwendalyn had given him where she was actively sucking on his penis, the drow's lips were slack around his cock and therefore not as pleasurable. After a couple of minutes of drilling her mouth, Cockweasel decided he needed a different hole to shove himself into.

***

"The goddess is gonna love you," said the dark elf Kalysa as she finished tying the ropes around Gwendalyn's ankles. As she stood up she ran her hand up the side of Gwendalyn's long, sleek leg, right up to her hip, just under the hem of her undersized brown smock.

"We don't mean you any harm, we're just passing through," said Gwendalyn, repeating her earlier plea to equally useless results. The drow had tied her to an altar on a rocky outcropping several meters above the underground village. Her hands were bound outstretched with thick rope.

"I'll see you tomorrow at dawn," replied Kalysa, ignoring the paladin's plea. She slipped her hand out from under the hem of Gwendalyn's smock, her fingertips tracing through the blonde curls of the human's pubic hair as she stepped away.

Gwendalyn slumped back helplessly against the stone altar as the dark elf walked away. She tugged at her bound hands but found no give in the ropes. Things were looking hopeless.

***

"Oh fuck yeah!" Cockweasel the goblin gave a long groan of pleasure as he slid his cock into the tight pussy of Mistress Vilestra. Her white gown was bunch up around her hips and her long black legs spread wide, his green posterior bouncing between them as he started to fuck her.
