 Author's Note: Hello and welcome to The Goddess Pt. 02. I must warn you this contains cum inflation, to the extreme, tentacles, and futanari. I would also like to apologise for the wait, and hope that this is good enough to make up for it. Either Voluptus Ludum or Gift of the Old will continue after this, just to let you all know. Anyway, please enjoy and tell me what you think.

*****

Such a peculiar one. Aphrodite thought, her consciousness drifting through the memories of the girl, the only person to have found her remnant. It puzzled her however, as she watched the memory of Laura writing about how the remnants had come to be, and the fact that she knew of the existence of the others. It made her wonder just what kind of ancestry did this girl have. The Goddess vaguely remembered granting fertility to a number of infertile women in the ancient times; the better times, thinking about how it was possible that her magic somehow affected the children born from the womb. It was certainly something to ponder.

Throughout her dreams Laura observed scenes of Aphrodite. In each scene the Goddess appeared to change. Sometimes the change was subtle, like her hair colour, or her height, but others were much more extreme, even venturing into insane fetishes ranging from; breasts the size of beach balls, or a penis as large as a horse. There were other times when her cock would become bestial. Could she do this one day? Laura unconsciously smirked at the thought.

Meanwhile, Alice was very busy. Her mind was still a cloud of lust, all of which was focused on one person, or more specifically, one cock. She didn't question how she'd been able to do what she did, nor did she care, all that mattered was getting fucked by that phallus, and filled to breaking point with it's sperm. With a moan of pure desire, Alice reached out and gripped the large phallus, her pussy throbbing with need as she felt it pulse and grow within her grasp. She couldn't care less if she woke the dickgirl, all that mattered was her personal pleasure. Speaking of which, she thought and opened her hungry maw wide to receive the head of this magnificent specimen. Oh god it's so good, she thought.

Laura groaned in her sleep. Her dreams had taken a different turn, placing her within Aphrodite's body while her cock was being suckled upon by a young woman, as though she were a baby on its mother's teat. The girl was clear enamoured with the scent and taste of the cock, moaning like a wanton slut, despite the large obstruction pressing down her throat. Her hungry maw seemed to devour the phallus like a snake, gradually making her way down the pillar of masculinity. Laura could feel everything like it was her own. The warnings of her orgasm began to show.

Unconscious Laura's real hands reached out and took hold of Alice's head. To her surprise they didn't push her away, but instead they pulled her down further, effectively impaling her on the massive phallus that so enamoured her. Then Alice felt the signs of the futanari's orgasm, which in turn made her only that much more eager to taste the deliciously seed. With a muffled cry of need, she forced herself down the remaining inches of man meat that this woman possessed. Once her nose touched her desires crotch, she felt the liquid lust pour into her, once again bloating her barely shrunk stomach. Like before the sensations blew her conscious mind into blissful oblivion.

Laura finally awoke from her sex fuelled dreams, to see a sex fuelled fantasy come to life.

"Oh god yes! Take more of my cock, more of my seed!" Laura cried, unable to care that people might hear her. Without thinking, her powers activated, forcing her cock to grow, creating more for Alice to take, all the while increasing her cum output. Both didn't care about this development, only that there was more delicious pleasure for them to experience. Laura once more pulled Alice down on her now twenty five inches of girl cock, all the while litres upon litres of cum were shot into the ocean of semen the slut's stomach had become, all the more of it continued to practically pour from her ass, creating an ever growing puddle on the hotel carpet. Neither could stop their actions, and neither of them wanted to.

Once over Alice was practically ready to birth the cum baby now inside her stomach. Despite the excess continuing to be forced from her dilated anus, the now immobilized slut fell to her side, unable to move due to her engorged abdomen.

"God, that was one hell of a way to wake up!" Laura gasped and looked to her shrinking cock, relief swarming her as it returned to its flaccid state. As she laid back, basking in the aftermath of her orgasm, Laura's stomach suddenly growled, startling the gifted teen. Groaning she got up to prepare for her day, though she had trouble deciding between staying in her room with Alice all day, or exploring this land.

"I would prefer it if you would explore my homeland, after all it has been many a millennia since I have seen it through the eyes of a physical body." Aphrodite said, once more startling the endowed teen. Shrugging, Laura decided she would humour the Goddess.

After cleaning up the mess she and Alice has made, Laura was ready to eat. Being unable to read Greek Laura was unsure of what to order, however when she sat in the hotels restaurant she found that she could read the language as though she were born into it, not only that but when she was speaking with the waiter she noticed herself speaking fluent Greek. When the waiter had left, Laura slumped into her seat amazed by what had transpired.

"Guess I need to thank you." She said in the silence of her mind.

"What for?" The Goddess asked, seemingly feigning ignorance.

"It's because of you that I can read and speak Greek isn't it?" Laura questioned.

"The ability was always there child, I just gave it a push." She answered.

"So, let's say I have the dormant ability to... I don't know, move objects with just my mind, would you be able to unlock it?"

"Unfortunately no, at least not with the meagre power I have at present. If you desire that kind of power, I believe you know what you must do." A rush of warmth flooded her face and spread throughout her body, earning a little twitch from her bound cock. Just the waiter returned with her meal.

The food was better than anything she had tasted, with the exception of her cum. Wolfing it down in a somewhat controlled manner, Laura was soon finished with her meal and undeniably full, she paid her bill and left a tip, now leaving for the Parthenon. Curious, Laura decided to ask Aphrodite what Athena was like.

"She was a strong willed woman. She rarely slept with anybody, even her fellow immortals, preferring intelligence over pleasure, though when she found someone she wanted she was far greater than any demon I have met. There were rare times in the years that she would go into a sort of heat, and seek to mate with anyone and anything, primarily with me for obvious reasons. Aside from that though she was always more of an observer, strategist, that area of expertise. I believe she was the last one to give into her hatred of humanity, simply because of her refusal to give into something she considered trivial."

Laura listened to this in silence. She continued making her way to the Parthenon, all the while thinking of what it might have been like to meet Athena, one who was depicted as strong, beautiful, and intelligent all at once, but this was unlikely, hell it was a miracle for her to have found Aphrodite's remnant. What chance did she have to find Athena's? Shrugging off the thought, she found herself nearing the Parthenon, so wrapped up in her own mind that she had hardly noticed how far she had travelled.

"Oh this brings back memories." Aphrodite said, looking in awe at the building through Laura's eyes.

"The good kind or the bad kind?" Laura asked.

"Both." Was all the got in reply. With the unique teenager walked into the structure.

Immediately she was hit with a blast of both chill and warm air. As though the Parthenon itself was at war with itself about whether it wanted to allow her admittance.

"Remain calm, this place is imbued with small remnants of Athena, it senses me within you, but knows you to be human, it is simply determining whether you are a threat or not." Aphrodite explained, which let Laura relax, as she let the Parthenon make its decision. Suddenly the warring air disappeared, replaced with just a mild warmth.

"Does this mean I can continue?" Laura asked.

"Yes child, but it is weary of us, so be careful what you do." Without meaning to Laura nodded, and began to explore the amazing structure built in honour of Athena. 

Throughout the building there were sculptures, some showed the heroes of legend, most displayed the Goddess herself. Laura eventually came to one that looked almost human in its detail. Unbidden her hand reached out to it, touching the cool marble face of Athena. At the touch Laura gasped as she felt a something pulse through her, not something painful, nor pleasurable, yet she couldn't place her finger on it. Aphrodite seemed to always be unaware of what this was as she remained silent.

"The crown..." Was all Laura heard, before the strange pulsations ceased.

"What the hell?" She gasped.

"I am not sure." Aphrodite said, sounding just as perplexed as Laura.

"The crown? What did she mean?"

"I believe the Athena Parthenos wears a crown." Aphrodite stated, also wishing to find out why they had heard this voice.

"Where is it?"

"I do not know." Sighing, Laura steeled herself to begin a long and arduous search for the Athena Parthenos. She walked down the hallway and entered a cavernous room, one that held a chryselephantine sculpture of Athena. Both Laura and Aphrodite could sense the power being emanated by this statue, and both knew it to be the Athena Parthenos.

"That was... easy." She stated underwhelmed by the level of difficulty, or lack of thereof, in finding the statue.

For several seconds Laura stood there. She was captivated by the beauty of this recreation of the goddess Athena, and by the strange aura it emitted, which seemed both welcoming and colder than nice at the same time, almost as though Athena was waiting for someone to find her, but also didn't want to be found. As she muddled over the reasons behind the aura, Laura didn't realise that she was taking small steps towards the statue, and the closer she got, the more powerful the aura became.

"Stop, Laura!" Aphrodite suddenly exclaimed in her mind. Laura stopped immediately.

"Huh?" She soon realised how close she was and also noticed the strange glow now surrounded the statue. "What's going on here?" She asked aloud.

"I think we should leave. Athena is not an easy Goddess to please, I fear even you would not meet her standards."

"And if I didn't?"

"She would destroy you without a seconds hesitation." That was all Laura needed to hear. She began walking to the exit, then a voice stopped her. A voice so hypnotic it could only belong to an immortal.

"Please don't leave me." Four words, yet they held Laura there. She turned to face the statue once more.

The sculpture now seemed alive. It's eyes were darting around, yet the rest of its body and face remained still.

"Please don't leave, not yet." Now the mouth moved in time with the words being spoken, and like before they held Laura to her spot.

"Why?" She asked.

"It's been so very long since any mortal has heard me. So very, very long. That's why I ask that you stay here, at least for a while." Laura stood there in awe, shocked by the resounding loneliness in the Goddess's voice, as though she had indeed been waiting millennia for someone to hear her.

"Aphrodite?" Laura asked in her mind, wanting a second opinion.

"Athena was often alone, yet she was always surrounded by life so she was not truly alone. It is possible that after all this time so truly alone, has had an effect on her. Just be on your guard." Laura's mind made up, she walked to the front of the sculpture and sat before it.

"Okay, let's talk."

For what could've been hours they spoke about their lives, their experiences. Gradually however, the conversation turned to the time when the Gods and Goddesses were hunted, and soon gave into their hatred.

"I've regretted that for over a hundred years now. I watched humanity along side my kin, but I never truly felt the pure hatred the others emitted, yet their own began to affect me, filling me with an anger I've very rarely felt. Then we fell." Laura listened in complete silence, feeling somewhat sorry for the Goddess.

"Have you been trying to speak with humans all this time?"

"Yes. But you're the first to hear me." Athena said, the sculptures stone eyes almost looking grateful.

"That might have something to do with this." Laura said and began to remove her long skirt that hid her phallus.

"What are you doing?" Athena asked in surprise. Then Laura's skirt fell away revealing the obscene snake like appendage tied to her leg.

"I'm one of the very rare people who are born like this. This is also the reason Aphrodite chose me."

"Aphrodite? She's here?" Athena asked.

"Hello, Athena." Aphrodite said in Laura mind.

"She says hello."

After calming down, Athena once more spoke.

"You say she chose you? What do you mean by that?" Laura began explaining the parts of her childhood she had skipped over before hand, and how after coming to Greece, Aphrodite came to her in the form of a pink stone.

"I can see why she has chosen you, your... phallus is as large as any she made. And your past, I've never once heard of someone like that, who so clearly knew of our history. You are indeed unique." Athena said, almost sounded like she was contemplating something.

"You said before that Aphrodite sees, hears, and feels everything you do, is that correct?"

"Yes."

"And her powers are returning to her, the more women you, uh... fuck?"

"Yes."

"I see... I very rarely engaged in sexual activity, but when I did it was often something wonderful, something that made me feel alive again... Laura, I wish for you to hold my remnant." Athena said. Before Laura could say anything, the crown atop the sculpture detached, glowing brightly, almost blinding Laura as it came closer. She raised her arm to block the light from her eyes, and, before she knew it, she felt something cool snap around her wrist. Then the light suddenly died, leaving her in a dark room, with no sign of the Athena Parthenos.

"What the?" She began soon saw the bright, golden bracelet around her wrist.

It took less than a second for her mind to process what had happened.

"Athena?" She asked in her mind.

"This feels amazing! I can see through your eyes, hear what you hear, I can feel everything!" The Goddess seemed deep in celebration, but Laura needed to talk to her.

"Athena, sorry to butt in, but I need to talk to you."

"My apologies, but this is just amazing."

"I didn't agree to hold your remnant Athena." Laura felt a sudden shift in her bodies temperature, as though she were in a sea of ice, "But I don't intend to deny it. I would've have preferred it if you'd asked me first." The warmth returned to her body in an instant.

"Once more, I apologise. I was overexcited about the prospect of feeling something physical again. I'm also sorry about doing that to your body, I may be a Goddess, but I can be impulsive like anyone." Laura accepted this and began to make her way out of the Parthenon.

Once outside she realised that all of the other tourist had gone, and the sun was actually setting.

"Oh crap, I've gotta get back to the hotel." She stated and began running to the train station.

"Did you forget Laura?" Aphrodite began.

"You've got two Goddesses willing to lend you their power." Athena finished. Instantly, Laura felt like she was floating in a glistening sea, but the sensation ended as soon as it had began. Shaking her head clear of the experience, Laura looked up to see the hotel before her.

"Did... did you two do this?"

"We may not be as powerful as before, but we're still Goddesses Laura." Athena stated.

"Do not underestimate us, if you do and try to use our power, it could end badly for you and those around you." Aphrodite warned.

"Although as our powers grow, your understanding of them will as well." Athena said, letting Laura relax.

"Thanks you two." She said and yawned, she felt strangely tired from the days events, and resolved to go to sleep early, assuming Alice wasn't there. Her cock twitched lightly at the memory of the slut. Maybe it wouldn't be a bad thing.

As it turned out Alice wasn't there. Not sure whether to feel relieved or disappointed, Laura simply prepared for bed. After taking her dress off she was shocked to find her cock had become untied, and was in fact a great deal longer than before, hanging well past her knees.

"Aphrodite, what the hell's going on?"

"You received a massive power influx, I told you that the more power you got your cock, breasts, and hips would grow, though your ass should receive sufficient treatment as well." Alarmed, Laura found a measuring tape and retook her measurements. She didn't feel all that different, but with all the crazy shit that had happened, she didn't want to take chances. Her breasts had grown to 38EE, retaining their perky form, while her waist shrunk very slightly to 27.5'', and her hips had only grown to 43''. She turned as best she could to see her ass, and noted that it too had grown slightly. It seemed that her female assets had received minimal attention, while her cock was probably 16'' flaccid. She dreaded its size when erect.

"Can we shrink it?" She asked.

"I am afraid not, it is far too early for you to control my power, or Athena's for that matter."

"I'm afraid she's right. Until your form has fully adjusted to our power, you're going to have to deal with your growth, at least for a while."

"Can you give me a rough estimate? You know, of how much time it'll take for me to control it?"

"I cannot say for certain, but with Athena here it could only take a few months"

"You said the more girls I fuck, the more my powers grow?"

"Yes."

"If say I fucked a girl a day over the course of a month, would that quicken the process any?"

"I think it would. I cannot say for certain of course, but your logic seems sound."

"I can agree. Your body absorbs power from the act, but if you're using said power your body should adjust quicker."

"Essentially, I just need to fuck and use my powers while doing so?"

"Yes." They both answered.

After that Laura went to sleep thinking of all the ways she would lure girls to her. A thought crept into her mind that she seemed more like a villain than anything, she shrugged it off though, female villains were usually pretty hot and cool. Due to her thought patterns her mind turned to any and all sexual acts she could think of, naturally unaware to Laura, her cock was growing to its full glory, almost poking out of the bed sheets. As she dreamt of ramming her cock into woman after woman, the door opened, and a band of giggling women walked in, shutting the door as quietly as was possible, so as not to wake the sleeping futanari.

"You'd better be telling the truth." One slurred, clearly inebriated. 

"'Course I am." Alice also slurred. 

"Let's do this." Another slurred. Two others only grunted in reply.

Unbeknownst to her, Laura's sheets were being taken from her. Leaving her bare for all to see, with the sole exception of her breasts, which were covered by an oversized t-shirts, that still had trouble covering the large expanse of her mammaries, leaving a small amount of her abdomen open to the drunken gaze of five drunk college girls.
