 Author's Note: So I wrote another one of these. May God have mercy on my soul. If you read the last one, you know what kind of story this is. If you didn't, then go read it (or start reading it, laugh, and go read something that's actually good). What I'm saying is, this story is the most absurd fantasy my twisted mind is capable of producing. If you want an actual plot with relatable characters and conflict and resolution and shit, that's not this. If you want an absurd power fantasy about a god fucking infinity women, that's this. 

*****

The God Emperor Ch. 02: A Day in the Life of the God Emperor

I awoke upon a bed of beautiful women. 

I will clarify. You probably think I meant that I awoke in a bed with beautiful women. I do not. I meant that I awoke literally on a bed of beautiful women. My head rested upon the bountiful bosom of Catella of the Harem of Whores. My right torso and shoulder lay upon the thighs and belly of Hellen Ta of the Harem of Whores. My left shoulder was cushioned by the generous rump of Augusta Kaisarina of the Harem of Queens. My right and left legs rested upon Li Xing and Queztaltali, both of the Harem of Whores, although Megata, Harem of Whores, had claimed my right foot for herself. She was slowly grinding her pussy against my heel, though she was asleep. Clearly she was having a good dream.

Tarafel Gina, Harem of Whores, had managed to wriggle into the place of honor last night, for my balls sat squarely on her face, my cock draped like a python between her breasts. Her steady breaths tickled my nuts as she slept in the languid bliss a woman can only achieve after being sexually annihilated. The smell of well-fucked pussy permeated the air like a thick fog. 

I disengaged my foot from Megata and left the bitches who had formed my bed to dream their dreams. They would sleep half the day, probably, recovering from last night's exhaustion. 

I stepped into my bathing chamber. I do not wish to spend too much time describing the architecture of my residence, but I will tell you this: many royal palaces of great nations that existed before my reign were smaller than my bathing chamber. Odaba Nobu of the Harem of Whores, awaited me beneath one of the many marble fountains. She was a cute little thing, short and slight, though with nice curves for one so small. Odaba bowed deeply as I approached. 

"My God, it is my honor to be Your bathing attendant this morning, if it pleases You," She purred. It did please me. I nodded, and sat down in the pool of warm water, allowing the little whore to begin washing me. She started with my hair. I enjoyed the feeling of her fingers gently massaging my scalp and of her soft little body pressed against my back. Odaba washed every part of me slowly, thoroughly, and sensually from my back down to my waist. Then she washed my powerful arms, massive chest and perfect abs. After that, she humbly knelt to clean my feet and legs. 

Odaba hesitated slightly then, staring raptly at my groin. Her hands trembled as she began to wash my godhood. She longed to stroke, to kiss and suck and lick and worship the Cock of her God, the Emperor and God of all Creation, The Lord of All Orifices, He Who Rapes the Universe.

Me. 

Alas for her, her duty this day was to wash me, not to pleasure me. So, with shaking hands, she moved soap and hot water over my balls and cock, cleansing the stink of yesterday's pussy from me, so that I could replace it with the stink of today's pussy. 

Her grip lingered around my shaft when she was finished. Slowly, and with great reluctance, Odaba pulled her hand off of my cock and bowed deeply. "I am finished, my God," she breathed.

"You have done well, slut," I said. Deciding to reward her, I slipped a finger into her sodden slit, wet from more than the water. "Cum!" I ordered. Her body was mine, and it obeyed my order. Odaba fell back into the fountain, moaning and writhing in pleasure, back arching, eyes rolling back in her head.

I left her to enjoy her reward, stepping out of the bathing chamber. Tera Fel, Harem of Whores, and Xanthra, Harem of Whores were both waiting at the door to my bathing chamber. They dried my body with soft cotton towels. Tera lost herself and began to softly rub my cock over and over with the towel. I tapped her on the cheek with my finger. A light chastisement. Her face colored and she backed away, prostrating herself on the ground. 

"Please forgive me Master," she moaned, "I was overwhelmed by Your Magnificence!" 

"You are forgiven, child," I told her. "Eagerness to please me is not something I wish to discourage. But you understand that I cannot reward disobedience." I tilted her head up with one finger, looking her in the eye to drive home my command. "You will not cum until the sun sets today. Do you understand, bitch?"

"Yes my God," Tera said humbly. 

"Xanthra here completed her duty admirably," I continued, indicating the other woman. "You will service her to remind yourself of duty."

"Yes my God. Thank you, my God, for correcting me and showing me the best way to serve You."

"You're welcome, slut. Now get on your knees and start licking cunt!" 

I slapped Tera's ass, making her squeal. As I left the room, she knelt in front of Xanthra and started to lick. 

Thousands of women serve in the Harem of Whores, hundreds in the Harem of Queens. Every one of them craves me, craves my Cock and my Cum, craves the slightest touch of my fingers, craves even the sight of my eyes. They exist to please me, and my pleasure is the measure of their worth. Despite their numbers, I know each and every one of them intimately, down to the marrow of their bones, the depths of their souls and the limits of their holes. I own and know and fuck every particle of their bodies, minds, and souls. 

I strode from my bathing chamber into a small room with a magnificently carved wooden chair before a glass table. I sat in the chair. Moments later, a woman came through a side door carrying a covered silver platter. She was plumper than most in the harems, bordering on portly, but her massive tits and broad hips kept her figure looking like an hourglass, albeit a wider-than normal one. She was Tanya Tenovich of the Harem of Whores, probably the best cook in the Three Harems. An apron covered the front of her body from her nipples to upper thighs. She wore nothing else, of course. Few haremites ever wore any clothes except for special purposes. 

Tanya placed the platter in front of me, pulling off the cover with a flourish. My stomach growled as the delicious smells wafted up to my nose. Five starlings roasted in rosemary, five poached eggs, and five slices of pork topped with a mustard crème sauce, plus a large glass of ice cold crystal clear spring water with a hint of lemon, and a fruit salad.

"Has my meager offering pleased you, my God?" Asked Tanya.

"Yes, indeed it has," I replied. 

"Then with Your leave, I will take my breakfast as well."

I nodded. Tanya slipped under the table as I began to devour the first starling. She crawled between my legs, giving each of my balls a ritual kiss before slipping her lips around the head of my cock. I rapidly hardened in her mouth, and she moaned around the wrist-thick shaft as she started to apply her oral talents in earnest. Tanya is not quite as good at sucking cock as she is at cooking, but close. By the time I had eaten the last of the pork, I was ready to explode. 

I gave Tanya my first load of the day. She deserved it. I deliberately gave her just a little more than she could handle. Watching my sluts struggle entertains me, so I usually make my cock just a little too big, pound them just a little too hard, blast just a little too much spunk down their throats. It's just my little way of reminding them that they are no match for their God. 

Anyway, Tanya swallowed the first and second spurts of my Divine Seed with no problem, but only managed to down half of the third before the fourth blasted into her mouth. She was forced to pull away, sputtering, allowing my fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth spurts to splatter all over her face, neck, and tits, before she got her mouth back around me to swallow the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth spurts. The Fourteenth was a long, leaking drizzle. After she had finally sucked the last drop of spunk from my cock, Tanya sat back, panting, looking up at me through the glass table. 

"Master," She said at last, "I labored long to make your breakfast, but the breakfast you have given me puts my humble efforts to shame by far."

"Perhaps," I replied. "And yet, this meal you have prepared for me has pleased me a great deal. Shall I reward you?"

"Your pardon, Glorious God, but You have rewarded me already." She grinned, gesturing at the jizz that covered her from forehead to tits.

"And yet, I have a mind to reward you again." I threw the now empty platter to the side. Then I stood, and bent down, seizing Tanya by the ankles. I hauled her out from under the table as she shrieked in surprise. Then I picked her up and threw her onto the table on her back.

"The world needs more cooks of your prodigious talents," I pronounced, "So I'm going to breed one out of your womb, slut!" on the last word, I slammed my cock to the hilt in her drenched pussy and brought my open hand down hard on her big, fat ass. 

Tanya came immediately, the very instant that the tip of my God Cock touched her labia. She had another orgasm less than a second later when the head of my Divine Rod slammed against her cervix. The two concurrent orgasms wiped out any function within her brain not dedicated to the feeling of pleasure for thirty full seconds. As I settled into a rhythm, the peak of her pleasure fell a bit and then plateaued at the level of a constant, slightly less powerful orgasm. 

"Oh, yes, Master," she moaned. "Please breed this unworthy fat slut with Your divine, masterful, dominating Cock! Knock me up with Your all impregnating, life-giving Cum! Give this unworthy fat slut your Demi-God Babies!!"

I seized her enormous breasts in my hands, squeezing them hard, and admiring how her entire body jiggled to the rhythm of my pounding cock. "Once you're pregnant, you can serve me a glass of milk with my morning meal, cow!" I slapped her tits hard, pushing her over the edge into another unbelievable climax. 

"Yes, my God!" Tanya screamed. "I'm your cow! Your milk cow and Your breeding cow!"

I slammed my hips into her fat jiggling ass one final time and unloaded my infinitely virile seed straight into her womb, filling her to bursting over thirty seconds or so, while she screamed and came and came again, her arms and legs twitching, her face devoid of anything resembling dignity. 

When I wrenched myself free of Tanya's quivering, gaping cunt, I noticed there was someone else in the room. Liana Cortez of the Harem of whores was leaning against the far wall near the door, legs spread. One hand clutched a sheaf of papers to her bare breasts, while the other was busy rubbing hard between her thighs. She was a short woman, curvy, and dark of skin and eyes. Eyes that were fixed on my cock as she frantically pleasured herself. 

I chuckled as I rounded the table, striding toward Liana until my cock was mere inches from her face. She groaned, her eyes rolling back as she finally reached climax, her legs collapsing under her as she slid down the wall until her ass was finally sitting on the floor. 

"You're a bit of a voyeur today, aren't you, Liana?" I smirked as I looked down on the panting slut.

"You must forgive me, oh Mighty Emperor," Liana laughed. "The sight of You exercising Your power is too great for a humble whore such as myself."

"You have brought my schedule for today then?" I asked. 

Liana is probably the single most powerful woman in both the Harems of Whores and Queens, because she is the one who creates my daily schedule. Every haremite wants desperately to be on that schedule, to have my cock, my attention, or even just to be in my proximity. It is Liana who decides which bitch is presented to me in what order and for what purpose. So many women want to eat Liana out in order to curry favor with her, that there is a three day waiting list just to lick her cunt. 

Of course, I am the God Emperor. I am free to ignore the schedule and do whatever I choose. I recognize, however, that the events planned on my schedule represent the utmost efforts of my Harems (who in this regard are representatives of the entire female sex) to please and worship Me. Thus, I usually follow the schedule. Unless I don't feel like it. 

Liana pulled the papers away from her chest, peering down at them, and began to read.

"LaFonda and Lin Li are Your right and left nut-suckers for today," She began. 

I chuckled. 

"Yes," she continued. "I thought that might amuse You, Master."

"Go on," I prompted. 

"There is a Dildobout between Jeanne's Knights and Promethia's Seekers this morning. I understand that this bout is for the yearly championship."

"Yes, I wouldn't want to miss that," I mused, rubbing my chin.

"After that," Liana continued, "High Priestess Valanepa has requested Your presence for a training session for a class of Priestess Initiates. Then You have a liaison planned with Demeter, if I recall correctly."

"Indeed. I must insure that this season's harvest is an especially good one."

Liana flipped through her pages. "I was unsure how long that... meeting would last. The length of Your sessions with the goddesses are difficult for a feeble-minded slut like myself to predict, oh God over goddesses." 

"It will probably run long. Move it to the afternoon."

She scratched out one notation on her list and wrote it further down. "Demeter will surely be displeased," she muttered. 

"Demeter will come when I summon her. You mortal women are impressed by the goddesses, but the truth is that they are merely my sluts, no greater before me than you."

"As you say, Master. No mere female, be she a lowly whore such as myself, or a mighty goddess such as Athena or Demeter or Aphrodite, or even Hera! None of them can stand against the power of your Cock. Now then... Belarus is fixing Your lunch today, while Alara and her troupe perform for Your amusement. Another of the Harem of Whores, one Hwu Lhang, wishes to join the Size Sluts. Marriane seems to think she shows promise, but to truly test the girl's metal, she needs to see how the little slut holds up when confronted with the Real Thing."

"I'm always glad to have more Size Sluts. That group was a fantastic idea by Marianne. I intend to keep that woman swimming in my Cum until the end of time."

"Yes, well. Your liaison with Demeter is after that. Am I correct in assuming you will be busy with the goddess until dinner?"

"Yes." 

"Well then." She made a few more notations on her list.

"What did you have scheduled for that time before my meeting with Demeter was moved?" I asked out of curiosity. 

"Oh, nothing too important. Anwe was due to make her weekly report. Also, a candidate for the Harem of Whores has passed our admissions standards and awaits your final judgement."

"I can handle both of those things during my evening meal," I declared.

"Yes Master. Belonda and Farada were scheduled to entertain You at dinner, but your wish is my command."

"You may schedule them for breakfast tomorrow."

"Yes, Lord over All. After that, there is evening prayer, followed by bed. As always, those who make up Your bed tonight will be randomly selected, unless You wish for some girl in particular."

"Perhaps some slut will catch my eye during the day."

"Of course, just before you retire, I..." She blushed, but pushed onward. "I will service Your mighty Cock with my mouth, and, if it pleases You, claim a load of Your Divine Seed for myself."

I grinned. "One of the perks of making the schedule is that you get to put yourself on it from time to time. That is fine. Others could suck me better, but none are so skilled at herding and organizing the horny and egotistical bitches that make up my Harems. You should be rewarded for that skill. But don't get too greedy, bitch."

She was clearly relieved that I had not taken offense. "I will endeavor to serve You in every capacity I am able, my God. Now, the dildobout is scheduled to start in ten minutes. They will not start until You arrive, of course, my God."

"I do not wish to keep them waiting," I said. "I will see you this evening for my before-bed blowjob, bitch."

"Yes, Master." She bowed her head. I stepped out the door. 

LaFonda and Lin Li were waiting, kneeling to the right and left of the door. As I passed through it, moving down the broad corridor of the palace, the two rose and fell into step just behind me on my right and left. Both were of the Harem of Whores, and that was pretty much the only thing they had in common. Lin Li was from a land far to the east, where delicacy and smallness of body was considered the perfection of feminine beauty. LaFonda was from a tribe in the jungle continent to the south, where size and strength were prized above all else. Both were the epitome of their own culture's beauty standard, and both were quite fetching in their own way, but side by side they looked hilarious. Lin Li was small-breasted, petite, and delicate as a porcelain doll. She was short enough that she could almost suck my balls without even kneeling. LaFonda, on the other hand, was a bit over six feet tall. Her coal-black skin lay tight over a strong body. The only soft parts of LaFonda were her cantaloupe sized breasts and her large, well rounded ass, though even the fat in those places concealed powerful muscles beneath. 

We passed many other haremites in the halls. They were women from all over my Empire, with skin as pale as winter snow and as black as a moonless night, and everything in between. Some were short, others tall, some rail thin, others a bit on the thick side. All were hot as fuck, for that was the minimum criterion for entering the Harems. They went about their duties, carrying water or laundry, cleaning the hall, dusting, and a hundred other mundane tasks. Not every haremite gets to serve me directly on any given day, and I have no other servants. After all, I could not require a woman to be in my presence for a long period of time, day after day, and never give her the gift of my Cock and my Cum. That would be too cruel. 

We came at last to the Stadium, where entertainments such as dildobouts take place. The Stadium floor is set far below the entrance, and in between are concentric circles of seats and benches. Already the seats were full of haremites, many standing for lack of space. 

I sat in the place of honor, an enormous throne reserved only for me. As soon as I sat, LaFonda and Lin Li glided to their knees between my spread legs, crawled forward, and began to lick and suck my balls. That was their task this day, as my nut-suckers: to follow me around all day, and to suck my balls every time I sat down or stood still for more than five seconds until it was time to move again. Lin Li held my left testicle reverently in her delicate hands, lovingly lapping at the skin of my sac like a kitten. LaFonda was attempting (and not succeeding) to cram the entirety of my right ball into her mouth, slobbering over it with utter slutish abandon. 

I proceeded to exercise My Divine Privilege as God Emperor of the Universe, and took the two gorgeous women worshiping my balls utterly for granted. 

Four more women approached my throne, crawling sensually across the floor. Ezil of the Harem of Queens crawled before me, wrapping her arms around my left calf, while Zenta of the Harem of Whores did the same on my right. Hula of the Harem of Whores and Vlelm of the Harem of Queens straddled my thighs, pressing their tits against my body and wrapping their arms around my shoulders. 
