 AN: If you've read the first two chapters, you should know what kind of story this is. Expect no realism or restraint. This is a ludicrous sexual power fantasy, as crazy as I can make it. If that's the kind of thing you want to read, then enjoy!

*****

As the edge of the evening sun at last fell behind the horizon, I, The God Emperor, stepped down from my chariot.

Of course, my bare foot never touched the ground. 

Janess di Telamare of the Harem of Queens moaned in abject bliss as my weight settled squarely onto her back. 

The very name of Janess di Telamare had once struck fear into the hearts of thousands. A conqueror and a bloody-handed tyrant, the High Sultana of the land of Telamare had pillaged, burned, and enslaved her way across the old world, taking by force all the finest things that life had to offer. But that was more than twelve hundred years ago.

Now, Janess was writhing on her belly on the ground, moaning in overjoyed arousal as my foot settled into its place just beneath her shoulder blades, shoving her lovely upper body firmly down into the dirt. Janess didn't resent being used so. In fact she was eager and grateful to be of service to me in any way, especially if it involved physical contact. She was not ashamed or humiliated - the foot of her God had touched her! She had served as His stepping stone! She would, in fact, spend the rest of the night rubbing herself to orgasm after orgasm, thinking about this glorious moment.

I had five more steps to take toward the dais from which I would address my troops. Their names were Maribol of the Harem of Whores, Mesuhime Iamasu of the Harem of Whores, Frieda Davensworth of the Harem of Queens, Kupinga Minga of the Harem of Whores, and Rachel Grimn of the Harem of Whores. Frankly my long, powerful strides could have carried me to my destination in only four steps, but out of consideration for Rachel's feelings I checked my steps and didn't skip over her. Like Janess, each lovely lady mewed lewdly as my feet trod their beautiful bodies down into the earth, grateful for the chance to serve their Divine Master.

One hundred of the Virgin Guard followed behind me. As a covert force, the Guard marched openly only on very rare occasions. Their thin, night-black clothing clung so closely to their beautiful, athletic, curvy bodies that one could almost see their pours in the fabric. Their garments "covered" their entire bodies save for a narrow slit from which their eyes roamed constantly, searching for any threat. To a woman they were stone cold killing machines, as deadly as they were beautiful. They never thought of glory, or of renown, or even of standing within their own ranks. The Virgin Guard live only for duty, for obedience to their God and Father. To a woman they were virgins, controlling their incredible libidos (inherited from me) with powerful wills of iron (also inherited from me). 

My army, had already occupied this position for some time. They awaited my arrival, filling the valley before me. I stepped from Rachel's back onto the dais that had been prepared for me. I raised my arms in salute. My men roared, raising their spears and swords aloft, hailing their God. They did not kneel or bow. One does not kneel or bow before one's self. These men recognized me as the source of the fire that burned within their own hearts, the thunder in their own blood, the lust within their own loins. They were men, and I am Manhood, deified. The source of all Masculinity. The God Emperor of All Creation. 

These fellows were a particularly ornery lot. They hailed from the Outer Empire, a region I do not directly control, though I am still worshipped and revered there. In the Empire proper, life is good for men. They still must toil in the fields for their daily bread, but the harvests are always good. They must labor, but when the day's work is done each man has a beautiful woman waiting at home to slavishly serve his every desire. If his wife is not enough to sate his lusts, he can always make use of the local priestess, who is honor bound to serve the sexual needs of all imperial citizens. 

But there are always men who cannot be satisfied with such a life. Men whose testosterone is too plentiful to merely accept the idyllic existence of a normal citizen. Men who by nature must fight and kill. These men always make their way to the Outer Empire, a realm of chaos where the strong rise up and reign as warlords, only to be overthrown by the still stronger. There not only do men contend with men, but also with monsters. The bestial spawn of Artemis make their dens in the outer Empire, hungering and lusting for the taste of human flesh. The weak and cowardly find death on the monsters' talons, but bold and mighty heroes have much to gain by fighting them: riches, fame, and monster girls, for example. 

Though the Empire has been at peace for more than a thousand years, the Outer Empire is constantly at war. On this day, that thousand-year peace had, at least briefly, come to an end.

My High Priestess Valanepa stepped up onto the dais as the shouting at last died down. The men practically began to drool as they took in her ultra-luscious curves, the supreme bounty of her unbelievable bosom, and the angelic perfection of her pale visage. Even swathed in the somewhat conservative pink robes of a priestess she was beyond delectable, far out of the league of ruffians like them. As a matter of fact, she was out of everyone's league, except mine. 

The Virgin Guards bowed their heads respectfully before Valanepa. In her capacity as High Priestess, Val has no authority over the Guard, but all my daughters recognize her as the alpha among my female offspring. They cannot help but show her respect. 

Once the noise of the crowd had died down, the High Priestess addressed the army. 

"Warriors of the Emperor," she began, to much applause. "Warriors of God! Men of the Outer Empire! Your whole lives you have fought for honor. For Glory. To claim women as your own. These are all worthy causes to bare your steel. On behalf of our God I bid you fight for all those things today! But today, you fight also for something more. For the spark that dwells within your souls. For the voice inside you that urges you to reach higher, to do and to dominate and to create. For the cock between your legs that all women are duty bound to worship!" 

She gestured at the ridge to the west where the enemy army was encamped." Those Wundarian scum over there defy all those things. They defy our Emperor, our God, my Father. For what is best in you, for the divinity within you that our God embodies, I implore you to destroy them! Kill their men! Rape and enslave their women! Show them the power of your steel and your flesh! 

The host roared their approbation. 

One thousand, two hundred and fifty four years ago I gained the Deified Cock and became God. After that I waged the Ascension Wars, a great campaign of conquest to bring the whole world under my own divine control. At the end of the fighting, every nation was laid low before me. Every woman who wielded sovereign authority had submitted to me and joined my Harem of Queens. Every nation and every Queen... except one. The tiny mountain nation of Wundaria yet defied me. Wundaria's Queen at that time was not a particularly attractive specimen. She and her nation just didn't seem like a fitting finale for my grand war. So, I just... left them to their own devices. For twelve hundred years they had scraped out a living up in their mountains while my people prospered all across the world. Now, for some reason, they had come down in force to invade my Empire, with every adult man and woman of Wundaria under arms. 

All told, their force numbered about a hundred thousand people. Just to make it interesting, I only brought fifty thousand of my own troops. Our victory was still assured of course. Many in my army were my grandsons or great grandsons, with divine blood thundering within them. They were demigods, kings, warlords, monster slayers, each worth twenty foes in the swirling melee. 

I held up my hands for silence one final time. "Men!" I roared. "Go now to your women, and fuck them hard! Induce them to send up an orgiastic cacophony of sluttish moans to our enemies so that their women will know they are contending with real men! Let them rub themselves while imagining their inevitable defeat! Their fantasies will become realities soon enough!

I turned my back on my cheering host as they rushed off to do as I commanded. My tent had already been erected just behind the dias. It was a massive affair with seven fifty foot poles enclosing an area bigger than most pre-ascension palaces. More than I needed for my own personal comfort, but my Virgin Guard must be accommodated as well. Walls of canvas had been erected within the tent, subdividing it's great expanse into smaller rooms. I retired to a fairly cozy section that had been set up for me. In the center of the space a large, low round table of polished mahogany gleamed in the dim light of two flaming braziers. A single, elaborately carved chair was beside the table. On the floor beside the table were strewn soft silken cushions, upon which two beautiful, nude women sat. They were arguing.

"...have no need for such underhanded tactics!"

"Your naiveté is charming, western whore. Perhaps you should ask the Wundarians to fight you in single combat? Then you could get yourself killed and I would be free of your stupidity."

"You vile-"

Both turned to face me as I strode into the chamber. As their gaze fell upon me, their argument was forgotten. Both women prostrated themselves before me, bowing their heads to the floor.

"As you have commanded, my God, we have come to advise and serve," said the first woman. She was Jeanne, once the Queen of Francess, now my sex slave within the Harem of Queens. Jeanne was a gorgeous woman even in this age of gorgeous women, with her long, shining blonde hair in a braid down to her waist. She was tall and well formed. Strong, but with plenty of womanly softness about her. She had once been both a queen and a knight, proud, regal, and honorable. Even now, with her face pressed diffidently to the floor she was still proud. No woman is reduced by groveling before me, for mine is the Cock that Rapes the Universe. 

"Our minds and bodies are both yours, Glorious Emperor," smoothly cooed the second slut. She was Xiee Cuanwei of the Harem of Queens. Her beauty was greatly underappreciated in her native land, for Xiee was plump and curvaceous in a land where slimness and delicacy are considered the epitome of feminine beauty. Only her diminutive height complied with the beauty standards of her native culture. In a way, Xiee's body was the polar opposite of Jeanne's. The former Empress of Dong had the form of one accustomed to riding in palanquins and reclining on cushions. Her breasts were plump and firm, her midriff soft, her hips and ass broader and rounder than most would believe possible on such a short woman. Her dark, almond eyes were lowered humbly to the floor. I, the Emperor and God of all Creation, am the only one in said creation who can bring out humility in Xiee Cuanwei. 

"Rise," I commanded. The two ancient queens pulled up from their prostrate positions up to their knees. 

"We have come as you have commanded, oh God," said Jeanne, "To offer our humble advice for the upcoming battle against Wundaria."

"What little expertise we humble sluts possess is at your disposal, Divine One," added Xiee.

"Indeed." I smiled. In the Wars of Ascension in the decades after I had first seized the Source, these two had been my most difficult opponents. Both their nations took years for my armies to conquer, and we suffered many casualties. Jeanne was straightforward and honest, but she had also a cunning tactical acumen, along with incredible audacity and personal combat skill. She had not been merely a queen and a general, but also a warrior and a hero. Xiee, on the other hand, had never once held a weapon in her life. She was, nevertheless, a strategic genius unparalleled in her time, and in recorded history before then. The twisted corridors of her mind led ever down into darkness. She had survived on the throne of Dong only because of the fear her strategic abilities (and sadistic ruthlessness) inspired. 

"Xiee," I began, "What do you believe is the most efficient course of action for defeating the army of Wundaria?"

"The most efficient, My God? I take it that by 'efficient', You mean a way to destroy the enemy while preserving our own forces?"

"Yes, that is what I mean," I confirmed, amused. 

"Then the most efficient way would be for You, Glorious Emperor, to enlarge Your mighty, divine Phallus to a suitable size, perhaps a mile in length, and to crush the enemy army beneath it. As You did to the Forbidden City of Kongxu."

"Fool!" Snapped Jeanne. "If our Mighty Master wished to perform such an action, He would have never gathered His army here. Obviously our Emperor desires to fight this battle the proper way, blade to blade. The challenge is clearly the point. Otherwise we would have brought a larger army!"

Xiee sniffed haughtily. "That as may be, western barbarian. But our Glorious Emperor commanded me to state the most efficient way to destroy the enemy, regardless of other concerns. I merely fulfilled His command. Perhaps you should pay better attention."

I chuckled. "Well said. Nevertheless, Jeanne is correct. This war is not a matter of serious concern, but merely entertainment for me. And besides that, I will not unleash my Cock as a deadly weapon against living people. Although I can use my Divine Cock for that purpose, that is not what it is for. It penetrates, It subjugates, it inseminates, it impregnates, it conquers. But it does not destroy life. As for the Forbidden City of Kongxu, that vile place was populated exclusively by Void Priestesses whose souls had already been consumed by the Void. They were not truly alive when I destroyed them."

Xiee bowed her head. "In that case, Imperial God, I recommend the plan I was just discussing with the western barbarian. Our deliberation was cut short by Your glorious arrival."

"And what is this plan?"

She pointed toward the map on the room's large table, which showed the local area in great detail. "Essentially, my plan is a ruse. A trap. First, we prepare a field of snares, spike traps and pitfalls throughout the area. We do this as our advance elements skirmish with the Wundarians, to distract them. Then the ruse: we have our forces cry in anguish that You, sire, our Glorious Emperor and God, have been slain by a treacherous underling."

"Ridiculous!" Jeanne broke in. "Not even the Wundarians would believe this incredible deception. No power can slay Him!"

"The goddesses slew the First Male God," Xiee pointed out.

"They were goddesses," Jeanne countered. "And they had an adamantium blade. There is not enough of that metal in the universe to forge another, not unless the goddesses somehow remove their collars."

"All that information is unknown to the Wundarians," said Xiee. "They believe our Glorious Master is but a false god. They will believe He is slain when they see our forces retreat, thus falling right into our prepared traps. That is when our forces will counterattack their disorganized lines, sweeping them before us in a mass rout."

Jeanne frowned.

"Do not worry, western barbarian," Xiee smirked. "I do not expect your underdeveloped brain to comprehend the brilliance of my strategy. Doubtless you favor a frontal assault?"

Tapping the table, Jeanne replied, "What if the Wundarians do not move as you expect them too? They may only send a small vanguard to harry our retreating troops, instead of pursuing us en masse. When that smaller force encounters the traps, the main army will halt, proceeding with caution. What then, eastern hag?"

"Then we turn about and destroy their vanguard, followed by their main army in detail," Xiee said lightly. "Obviously."

"But then the battlefield will be full of unsprung traps. Many of our own troops may fall into them. Our casualties would be greater than if we had just made an honorable stand in the first place."

Jeanne turned to me, impassioned. "Lord God, I implore You, let us face the enemy in open battle, without any tricks. Although we are outnumbered by the enemy, our forces are yet far stronger. We have no need for silly deceptions and stratagems."

I scratched my chin, considering. Then I pronounced, "Before I make my final decision about our tactics, I must hear a report from my scouts." I snapped my fingers.

A black clad figure emerged silently from the shadows, startling the two queens. They had no idea she had been lurking there, awaiting only my order to show herself. Anwe, captain of the Virgin Guard, fell to one knee before me. "Your will, Father?" she asked huskily. 

"As we discussed, send Ismi to scout the enemy army," I commanded.

The commander of the Virgin Guard bowed her head. She exited the room as swiftly and quietly as a puff of air, off to do her father's bidding. 

I walked to the room's single chair, a large, elaborate wooden affair carved with reliefs of hunting and war. Not quite as fancy as my chairs back in my palace, but good enough for the field, I supposed. I sat and for a moment and simply regarded my queens in silence. They impatiently awaited my pleasure, inwardly squirming in arousal beneath the power of my gaze. Finally, I spoke, saying "The true reason I commanded your presence here was not for your military advice."

"Our bodies are yours, God of Cock," said Jeanne eagerly, and Xiee nodded vigorously, taking a step forward. 

I held up my hand. "I am feeling... indulgent. Jeanne." I glanced at the former queen of Francess. "If I were to allow you to serve me in any way you chose, how would you serve?"

Jeanne barked her response like a soldier answering the command of her sergeant. "My God, if You allow me the honor, I would mount You where You sit and pleasure Your Divine Cock with my pussy under my own power. As ruler of all women, You should not have cause to stir even a single muscle. Please permit me, your humble slave, to do all the work." 

"Very well then," I said. "I will permit you. Come here, slut, and do as you have said." I pulled aside my loincloth and permitted my infinite lust to fill my Cock. Within a second, it was hard enough to stand fully erect despite its current two and a half foot length. 

"As You command, Master." The former queen crawled toward me slowly and sensually with her back arched, her admirable posterior swaying, her nipples nearly brushing the floor.

Glancing toward Xiee, I said, "I permit you to masturbate while you wait your turn."

"Thank You, my God, Xiee cooed. She knelt on the floor. Her hands cupped her breast and pussy as she began to rub herself, staring enraptured at my Cock. 

In the meanwhile, Jeanne had reached my feet. The proud Queen of Chivalry bent low to place a single, respectful kiss on each foot. Then she straightened, still on her knees, and reverently took my ballsack into her cupped hands. Her mouth descended first on my right testicle, than my left. Each was too big to take all the way into her mouth, so she settled for slobbering, sucking, and licking as much as she could. After a short while she pulled her mouth away and released my balls from her gentle grip, allowing my sack to swing freely. My balls were not her main objective, but she could not pass without giving them due homage. 

As Jeanne had requested, I didn't move a single muscle as she climbed up into my lap. She took a moment to get positioned with her feet upon my mighty thighs, bent at the waist with her soft, delicious womanly fruits pressed against my face. Even in this position she had to tilt forward onto the balls of her feet in order to maneuver my two-and-a-half foot rod between her thighs. She shuddered in ecstasy as the broad tip of the God Cock pressed firmly against her quivering pink quim. Breathing heavily, the slave queen moaned, "Oh Lord over all women, He who makes all into sluts, I humbly offer you my unworthy pussy. I swear upon my honor as a knight that I will pleasure You with no need for You to lift even a finger."
