 Author's Note: Hey everyone, sorry to long ass wait on this one. I've been working on other projects and I hope to have another up in the near future, though with that me that's not something to get your hopes up. Anyway, this chapter is a bit short, but I hope you'll enjoy it. A word of warning, if you don't like women being inflated beyond anything humans' are capable of, or if you don't like futanari, then I advise not reading this... I warned you.

*****

Something felt different. Laura thought this as she was roused from her sleep, the sunlight of a new day streaming into her room. Her mind felt sluggish, and her body like lead, but still she forced herself to sit up and try to find out just what felt different. Not that it was a particularly long search, as she felt it brush against her feet; her cock had grown to nightmarish proportions. Laura held in her scream, though not due to her bravery, or her desensitisation to such sights after finding the remnants of Aphrodite and Athena, but because she knew she couldn't produce a sound to match the horror she felt at that moment. It's not even erect, she thought and reached for her phone, hoping futilely to find something to distract her. What she found was far from what she was looking for.

Her hand came into contact with something... soft. Deliciously so. It felt similar to a waterbed, and even sloshed about like one, as she felt it up, trying to figure what it was, as she couldn't look away from her growth. A sudden moan sounded to her right, and she figured out what she was touching; a massive breast. Finally able to wrench her eyes from her cock, Laura turned her head to see Alice laying beside her. The college girl had clearly changed more than should be possible overnight, as her breasts were unmeasurable, their size greater than her entire body, the three inch nipples leaking a continuous stream of what was no doubt milk. Despite that, there seemed to be very little change to the rest of her body; her rear might be a little bigger, her waist a touch slimmer, and cock... Laura literally blinked in horror as her sights came to rest on the unnatural growth.

Alice had a cock, one that matched Laura's own prior to finding the remnants.

"Oh Goddess, please let this be a nightmare." She moaned and fell back into the pillows. Instantly she noticed that they felt different; flesh-like. Laura sat up again as she immediately realised that she had been sleeping on a giant pair of breasts. Her sight must've been so focused on Alice and her cock before that she hadn't noticed, as she turned around to see a girl she vaguely recognised as being from her college, sleeping soundly, head limp on her bed sized tits. Like Alice's the massive nipples leaked a constant stream of milk. The night came rushing back to her now, and Laura looked around the room, now seeing the other girls, all asleep and with breasts that made Pamela Anderson seem flat-chested. She remembered the control she had over her power last night, and focused hard.

She willed them to return to normal. Yet nothing happened.

"Why? I-I was in full control last night! So why won't it work now?"

"Calm down, Laura." The voice of Aphrodite said, joined by Athena soon after.

"Last night was an exception it seemed. You were extremely aroused, more so than even Aphrodite. Your lust must've caused you to do whatever was necessary to satisfy it at the time." The Goddess of Wisdom explained.

"Okay, okay..." Laura breathed deeply, trying to calm down, "Do you think you two could help me out here?" She asked, after calming down slightly.

"Of course, though if I might say, you did a fantastic job last night. Even I have never experienced that kind of pleasure before." Aphrodite congratulated Laura, who blushed at the compliment.

"Th-thanks, um, could you... y'know?"

"Of course." The Goddesses replied in unison and a sudden light briefly blinded Laura, forcing her eyes closed. When she opened them the girls had all been reduced in size, but not back to normal.

"What's going on here? Why didn't you return them to normal?"

"Our powers' are tied to your will, Laura," Athena explained, "Yes, you willed for their bodies to return to a more normal state, but there's a side of you that wanted their bodies altered, if only slightly." Laura took this in while staring at Alice, her breasts easily twice their original size and still leaking milk, though thankfully her cock was gone. On the other hand, Laura's gave a sudden lurch in arousal at the sight before her. 

"I suppose we've learned something new about ourselves haven't we, Laura?" Athena asked teasingly.

"You know, for a Goddess of Wisdom, you can be a bit of a child sometimes." Laura replied, she could feel a small flush of anger from the Goddess, though it was oddly playful in a way.

With things back to normal, or as close to normal as Laura could get, she began thinking of how to explain the growth of the girl's breasts.

"I can't just say they got drunk and had plastic surgery," she muttered aloud, pacing in the bathroom, ignoring the feeling of the cold, tiled floor on her cock, "But I can't just say, 'sorry, I've got the power of two Goddesses inside me, and I kinda went overboard last night'. Oh, Goddess, what do I fucking do?" She practically shouted in frustration.

"There is one thing you can try." Aphrodite said, though she seemed reluctant to do so.

"What is it?" Laura asked, excited at the prospect of not having to look like a crazy person.

"You probably will not like it," Laura simply waited for her to continue, "With your permission I could... make them completely and utterly subservient to you."

"Now by subservient, do you-"

"Yes," The Goddess said before Laura even finished, "They would follow your every command, believe anything you told them, even risk their lives for yours." Laura was completely silent. Two sides in her mind waged war on each other, one screaming in jubilation at the thought of having people to use as she saw fit, while another, albeit quieter, side preached how wrong it would be. Despite it being the smaller voiced of the two, the moral side was on the verge of victory, but her other half brought up a single point that tipped the scales in its favour; she had no other way of explaining their changes. The other voice went silent and Laura had made up her mind.

"Do it."

"Are you sure?" Aphrodite questioned, sounding nervous.

"I am. Why are you so hesitant anyway?"

"It is... I have tried it before and, well, it did not work out for the best."

"How so?"

"They knew I was a Goddess, that I could not be killed by human hands, and yet they fought for my sake. All because they viewed me as more important than their own lives." The Goddess's calm voice, always seductive, turned agonised as the memories played in her mind.

"They follow any orders I give, right?"

"Yes"

"And they would believe anything I told them, right?

"Yes."

"Then I must simply order them to place their own lives before my own."

"Do you think I would not have done that myself?!" Aphrodite all but shouted, "It does not work; once they are under this spell they feel an uncontrollable urge to tend to your every need, no matter what you say." In Laura's mind she saw a small, frail looking woman, crying into her hands. Laura remembered that just because Aphrodite was a Goddess, did not mean she didn't feel human emotion. In her mind's eye, she saw two new figures, one of herself, and the other she assumed to be Athena.

"Spells can be tweaked you fool." Athena said simply.

"Yeah, I mean, it's like hypnotism, right? So we've just gotta add a phrase or something, then snap our fingers and presto, the spell is undone. I just need to make it so they don't freak out about this." Aphrodite looked up from her hands at the two and smiled, the frail woman turning back to the first visage of Aphrodite she had seen before.

"I am a Goddess, and yet a human teenager is comforting me."

"We might as well say we're friends by this point." Laura said and suddenly her focus was back in the bathroom.

She felt strange again. Looking down she noticed her body had changed yet once more, her cock now long enough for the head to trail half a foot behind her, while her feminine assets had only received a small growth by comparison, as they were only a little bigger than the girls in the main room.

"How much longer before I have complete control?"

"If I had to guess, I'd say another two weeks. Less if you have any orgy like the one last night." Athena stated. Two weeks? Laura thought, stunned. Her cock was already massive, and she wouldn't be able to control its size for another two weeks? A sudden flash of herself came to mind, of her using her own cock as a type of scarf. It was absurd enough to bring a giggle to her lips, but it was tinged with fear; if it came to that, there would be no way she could hide it.

"Do not worry, Laura. I believe you will attain full control far sooner than you think. Now, shall we begin?" Laura smiled at the reassurance and nodded, knowing the disembodied Goddess wouldn't outright lie to her.

The spell first needed to be altered, something that Athena and Aphrodite needed to do themselves, as Laura had no experience with such intricate magic, even if it was fairly basic. She simply sat on the bed, careful not to disturb anyone as they slept. As the Goddesses worked, Laura couldn't help but stare at the girls around her, her newly discovered lactation fetish warring with her self-control, and winning as evidenced by the sensation of a massive weight trying to rise from between her legs. She looked down, eyes wide in terror as her cock, several inches longer than her legs when flaccid, was quickly growing harder as lustful thoughts raged within. By the time she was only semi-hard, it was longer than her torso and legs combined, and showed no signs of stopping. Her mind turned to Alice, who slept peacefully beside her, the girl's breasts unbelievably perky and constantly leaking milk. Laura's cock gave a lurch and essentially destroyed her self-control.

With what little remained of her sanity, Laura picked Alice up and took her to the bathroom. Thankfully it was extraordinarily spacious, only slightly smaller than the main room itself. Laura set to work immediately, her unbridled lust granting her full control over her power, as she made Alice's body able to stretch far more than before. The sight of Alice's lactating breasts set her desire ablaze, as she laid the unconscious girl down, her breasts on full display for Laura, as she leaned down and took a single nipple in her mouth, drawing on it like straw. She let out a low moan as milk practically gushed into her mouth and down her throat.

It was like nothing she had tasted before. Even her cum could hardly compare, as the sweet fluid filled her hungry maw, running over her tongue and filling her stomach. It wasn't as thick as her cum, but the taste and amount more than made up for that fact. Laura took hold of the other nipple and mashed them together, suckling from both at once. She continued like that for several minutes, uncaring that her erection had gotten beneath Alice and was forcing her up against Laura, whose world revolved around those breasts at that point, and the wonderful sensation of having her stomach filled to capacity and beyond. Despite that nothing overflowed; unconsciously, she had modified her own body so that none of the milk would leave her stomach until she willed it to. Not that she would complain.

Finally however, her throbbing erection demanded her immediate attention. Pulling back, she took a moment to bask in the sight before her, of a young woman prone, unconscious, her body perfectly moulded to Laura's desires, and a dripping pussy just begging to be ripped open by a pillar of masculinity. With a single thought, Laura felt two tentacles extend from her back, now familiar to her due to the previous night's activities. Coiling them around Alice's torso she moved the sleeping girl far back, lining her drooling cunt with the head of her monstrous erection.

"Time to wake. UP!" Laura said, accentuating the last word by pulling her down, impaling her marvellously tight pussy on her personal pillar of lust. As she had said, Alice was awake instantly, starring down at Laura as her body was taken by a dick almost as long as she was. Questions raged through her mind, but they were quickly shut down as pleasure broke her every cognitive function. Soon enough, Alice was nothing but a gibbering human fleshlight, her cunt spraying her orgasm constantly. And Laura had only just broken through her cervix.

The futanari couldn't keep the grin off her face. Seeing a woman so helpless before her, as their stomach stretched around the shape of her dick, was nearly enough to make her cum then and there, but she wasn't about to let it end there.

"Take all of me, you whore. Accept my cock into your very soul, become my cum-slut. After all, that's all you're good for now." Alice's mind was suddenly back in control, having heard everything, and loving it.

"Yes. Yes! YES! Oh fuck! Yes, I'm your slut, a tool for your pleasure. Just fuck me!!" The last word trailed off into a scream of pure ecstasy, though Laura was quick to use her power to prevent any sound from escaping the bathroom.

"Let's make sure that everyone knows it, shall we?" Laura said, sinking her dick several more inches into the girl, its shape bulging from her stomach, giving any who saw it a clear view of its appearance. Laura then placed her hands over Alice's bulging stomach, even as it constantly shifted due to her cock moving inwards inch after inch. With a small spark of power, Laura's hands glowed, ancient markings spreading from her fingers, across Alice's flesh, converging on her navel, perfectly placed at the tip of Laura's cock. As the markings ceased coming from her fingers, her crotch finally met Alice's, the sudden spike in pleasure both experienced sending Laura over the edge. The room filled with a bright light, as both screamed their ecstasy.

As before, Laura's cock shot gallon upon gallon of cum. However, before it was spread amongst several people, now it was aimed into one hole, and her virility had increased dramatically since last night. A quick thought made the room function like an elastic band, while simultaneously making it so she and Alice could breathe in any situation, as her stomach inflated above Laura's head, from a single spurt alone. You're mine, Laura thought, her physical body unable to form words as pleasure overloaded it. Another thought made two new tentacles form from her back, these ones tipped with mouth like holes, which she sent for Alice's lactating nipples, latching on and sucking the milk with fervour. They also served to induce further lactation, causing the girl's breasts to inflate despite discharging litres, or gallons of milk. In moments, the room was filled to capacity and beyond by Alice's inflating body.

Aphrodite and Athena were unable to withstand the sensations. They were fortunate to have finished modifying the spell before Laura began, as their conscious minds could hardly maintain a grip on reality, Laura's desire and pleasure overriding theirs'. At that point, Laura had full control of their desires, though she too was enraptured with pleasure at that time. Aphrodite, having more experience with all consuming ecstasy, was able to maintain a certain level of intelligence as she observed Laura's thoughts as she came. What she found there, was beyond surprising.

Before Aphrodite could make an attempt to end the orgasm, a darkness overcame her, effectively drowning her in a sea of pleasure. Even the Goddess couldn't keep a hold of herself, and she gave in. As this happened, Laura was laughing joyfully, even as she was essentially crushed against the elastic wall, her cock growing to make sure it remained where it belonged. She had no reason to laugh, her thought process halted from ecstasy, but her couldn't help it. In some dark recess of her mind, she estimated to have unloaded almost a thousand gallons of jelly like cum by that point, and only now did she show any sign of slowing down. It was another two minutes, before her orgasm was reduced to a few drops.

Like before, Laura woke against something soft. This time however, she was instantly wide awake and was quick to gather that she had blacked out again, and was pressed against someone's breast or stomach. At her will, the fleshy wall began to shrink rapidly. Once it was shrunk enough for her to move freely, she looked down at herself, once again trying not to shriek in horror. Her flaccid cock was laying around her feet, like a thick snake, lying in wait. It was no doubt well over twice as long as her body was now. But above that, was her breasts, which jutted from her chest like cheap implants, their size greater than that of basketballs, only softer to the touch, her nipples hard as diamonds, with a stream of white fluid leaking from them. Before panic was able to set in, she remembered how she was able to shrink Alice's body with her will alone.

Focusing, she felt a sucking sensation at her crotch. Looking down, she saw her cock rapidly shrinking. Maybe I'll finally get rid of this thing?! She thought excitedly, though of course, her subconscious must have gotten in the way, as it stopped receding when it hung just below her knees. Laura sighed and decided to move onto her chest, which hadn't shrunk at all, despite her desire to have it return to normal.

"Oh great." She groaned in annoyance, "Maybe a little more natural looking?" At those words, they sagged slightly, coming off less as a bad boob job, and slightly more natural, despite still being amazingly perky.

"Hey, Aphrodite! I think I've got the hang of this now!" No answer, "Aphrodite? Athena?" She heard twin groans in her mind, similar to those of humans who were waking up with the worst of all hangovers.

"What in all of creation happened?" Athena asked, unable to remember a single thing after modifying the spell.

"I have experienced this before. The humans refer to it as a 'hangover'; in other words, we got drunk on Laura's pleasure."

"You experienced this before?" Athena asked, "When? How?" She followed up, incredulous about Aphrodite's claim.

"A long time ago, when I would take on a human guise. Unfortunately my human body had little in the way of alcohol tolerance." She explained. Laura let out a small laugh at this, glad to know the Goddesses were alright.

"Good to know you're alright. I've got good news as well; I'm finally getting the hang of this thing. Watch!" With that Laura focused on her penis, sighing as it grew to three times her original size in seconds, only for it to retract just as fast. She also focused on Alice, who was still unconscious after their previous session, watching as her still severely inflated stomach shrunk down, quickly becoming flat as a board. "Whatcha think?" She asked, excited to hear their thoughts. But all she got was stunned silence.

Aphrodite knew there was something she needed to do, but the memory eluded her. Not only that, but the fact that Laura was already so advanced confused the Goddess, despite her saying that she expected Laura to gain full control fairly quickly, she had not expected it to be so soon. Even if the girl was a descendent of her's, it shouldn't be possible for the girl to master her power so easily. Besides that, she only had to control Athena's power, which she did with ease. Even a God would find it difficult to control the power of two deities, and yet this girl did so as though it were second nature. What was Aphrodite missing? It was something obvious, deceptively so, but she couldn't even begin to think of an explanation in her hungover state. It would have to wait.
