 Rob's head was pounding; his mouth was dry, and his eyesight blurry. That was not the least of his worries. After blacking out after some great sex, Rob had awoken after what seemed like seconds strapped to a chair that resembled a dentist's chair. His wrists were secured to its arms. He could not see his legs, but he could not move them. He was shirtless, and wearing only a pair of white cotton pajama pants. Thankfully his abductors hadn't secured his head, and he could look at his surroundings.

The room was small and had mirrors on three of the four walls. It was blindingly white, and Rob could barely make out the outline of a door in front of him. He could see in the mirrors that the chair he was strapped to was secured to the white floor. There was no apparent escape, not even a vent on the ceiling.

As he surveyed his surroundings, the door in front of Rob opened with a slight 'hiss'. A short man with frizzled grey hair and a white lab coat dotted with stains came through it. He surveyed Rob through his mirrored safety goggles, and smiled, showing off sickly yellow teeth.

"What the fuck are you doing with me?" Rob demanded upon seeing the strange man.

Ignoring Rob, the man turned and went back the way he had come, closing the door behind him with a louder 'hiss'. 

Angry, Rob began to shout, "Get me the fuck out of here! Please!" 

No answer. Rob began to panic; he'd seen enough horror movies to see where this was going. They were going to do painful experiments on him and probably kill him in the process. Breathing became difficult as the panic set in, and Rob began thrashing at his bounds.

"Settle down, we aren't going to hurt you" a voice came from some hidden intercom.

Upon hearing the voice, Rob settled down a bit. They could see him, and probably hear him too. 

"Then what do you want from me?" 

Silence. Clearly the kidnappers were not willing to answer any questions. 

'hisss'

The door opened again. This time, a young redheaded woman in a nurse's uniform came through it. In her hand were a metal tray with a syringe and a bottle with a blue liquid inside. The nurse barely glanced at Rob as she set the tray on his lap and picked up the needle and bottle. He watched in strange fascination as she filled the syringe with some of the liquid. 

Finally, Rob's senses kicked in and he fought against his restraints, knowing it was no use, but also knowing that whatever was in the syringe was meant for him. The nurse ignored him, and unceremoniously jabbed the needle into his upper arm. There was a slight ache as she pressed the liquid into his arm. 

"No...please" he protested, "Stop."

But it was no use, and he braced himself for whatever effects the drug would have. The nurse gathered her tray from Rob's lap, and excited just as she had entered without a backward glance at the man in the chair. 

Rob held his breath, waiting for something to happen, but nothing did. After a few seconds he let out the breath he was holding, still bracing himself for whatever delayed reaction he might have. Still, nothing happened.

"What was that?" he asked himself silently.

'hiss'

Yet again the door opened, and the man with the wild gray hair came in again. This time he walked right up to Rob and began looking him over.

"Get away from me, you freak" Rob said, uncomfortable under this man's gaze.

"Shut up" the man said with a slight German accent, "It'll all be over soon."

Rob didn't like the sound of that at all. 

"Are you going to kill me?" he asked, suddenly wanting to know the truth.

"Far from it" was the only answer he got before the door opened. The nurse was back, this time she was pushing a chair similar to the one Rob was strapped to. There was someone in that chair as well, but he was unconscious. 

"Who..." he began to ask, but his voice trailed off when he recognized the figure.

It was him.

Every detail was dead-on, down to the last freckle. 

"You....what...." Rob sputtered, unable to comprehend what he was viewing. 

"Impressive, isn't it?" the German man said, "Possibly my finest creation."

"This is sick!" Rob shouted, "You fucking cloned me?"

"Cloned you? No, not cloned....built" 

"What the fuck..." he said, his confusion growing.

"Why explain? It won't matter in a minute anyway" 

The nurse was back, this time wheeling in an odd looking apparatus with more dials and monitors than Rob had ever seen on a single machine. Attached to it were two flexible metal tubes, each with a rather nasty looking barb on the end. Rob didn't like the looks of it, and began to panic again.

"Now, now, this won't hurt much at all" the German man said noting his panic.

"You're all set, Engineer" the nurse said in an affectless voice.

"Thank you, Nurse Sweet" he said "that will be all."

He faced Rob and grinned.

"Now, I haven't had much success yet, but I feel like you'll be the perfect candidate. Young, strong, smart; the perfect man...the perfect mind."

Rob just stared back. He was helpless. Captured, restrained, and shot up with some unknown drug; there was no escape. He didn't even struggle when the man called Engineer grabbed his hair and pulled his head down to his chest.

"This might pinch a bit" he said, a picked up one of the metal tubes.

Suddenly Rob's instincts kicked in, but were too late again, and could barely move before the tube was stabbed into the base of his skull. He couldn't move an inch. He willed his body to respond to his brain's commands, but no part of him did. He was paralyzed, his spinal cord severed.

"Don't fret, young man" Engineer said, "You won't need that body anymore anyway."

He brought Rob's head up from his chest, and turned it towards the other chair.

"That's your new body. I made it just for you...or rather; your mind."

More riddles, but Rob didn't care. He was done for; he couldn't even use his body anymore. He watched as Engineer stuck the other tube into the base of his clone's skull. 

"Let the show begin!" Engineer said enthusiastically, and threw a switch on the machine.

Rob's vision became fuzzy, and a deafening ringing was all he could hear. Slowly his world began to fade from his eyes, and all he remembered before he woke up was the sound of ringing which never dimmed. ************* It was a bad dream, it had to be. He would wake up and be in bed with the girl he had met at the bar, maybe even have another go before they had to part.

"...waking up" he could hear her through the fog.

Slowly, Rob opened his eyes. His vision was blurry, and there were blinding white lights above him. He blinked and opened his eyes again. This time the lights were purple. Another blink, the lights were red. Once more and the lights were orange against a purple background.

"What..." he managed to grumble.

"Optics are adjusting"

A female voice, a flat affectless one. Nurse Sweet. It wasn't a dream. His eyes snapped open, this time his vision seemed normal. He tried to move, but couldn't. At first Rob thought this was because of the paralysis, but soon discovered it was because he was restrained again, but this time with something stronger. Metal bands secured him to a bed, and he could feel them biting into his bare chest and stomach.

"Let me go." He demanded, surprised at the strength of his voice. 

He sounded the same, but different; more assertive and clear. He strained against his bonds, and was surprised to find they creaked a little in stress. He tried for several more seconds before giving up. 

"Strength is at full power" Nurse Sweet's voice said.

Rob lifted his head and looked around. He was in a hospital room with all the equipment one would expect, as well as a few things Rob did not recognize. Nurse Sweet was nowhere in sight, but Rob could see an observation window in the wall.

"Now that he's awake, we can begin testing him tomorrow." 

There was a click, and Rob realized that Nurse Sweet must have been dictating notes out loud from behind the observing window. Perhaps she didn't know the intercom was on, or maybe she wanted Rob to hear that he was nothing but some kind of experiment. 

The lights in the room went off, and Rob was plunged into darkness. The only light came from the steady glow off the monitors around the room. Unsatisfied with just laying there helpless, Rob began to fight against his restraints again. The metal began to groan like it had before, but it seemed louder this time. Rob fought harder, pushing with all his might. The groaning became more intense and growing louder. The sounds spurred Rob on and he pushed with all his might.

'Clang'

The restraint around his chest and shoulders sprang up. His were arms free; Rob sat up and pulled against the second restraint around his waist. This one sprang up quicker because of the added leverage. He was finally free. 

Rob sprang out of bed and rushed to the door, tripping over the equipment scattered around his room on his way over. 

"It's too dark" he thought to himself.

Suddenly his vision changed, and his surroundings became bright as day. Everything was black and white, but Rob didn't care as long as he could see.

He tried the handle to find it locked. Frustrated, he shook the handle harder and was surprised when the handle turned with a 'snap'. 

"What the hell..." 

He shook his head to clear it; there was time for thinking later. Now was time for escape. Rob found himself in a corridor with no doors on the walls. At the end of the hall was what looked like an elevator. There was no choice; he'd have to take it. 

Rob ran down the hallway and pushed the 'down' button next to the elevator doors. They opened instantly and Rob rushed in without thinking only to run straight into Nurse Sweet. She seemed surprised and fell on to the floor of the elevator as the doors shut behind Rob. There was a slight lurch as the elevator began its decent. 

"Good, you escaped" Nurse Sweet said from the floor, startling Rob.

"Good? Wasn't it you who put me in there?" he said angrily, grabbing Nurse Sweet's arm and roughly pulling her to her feet.

"No choice, Engineer's orders" Nurse Sweet said seemingly unfazed by Rob's rough treatment.

Rob was sick of the lies and the riddles and wanted answers. Agitated, he pushed the emergency stop button on the control panel and a small buzzing started as the elevator lurched to a stop. 

"Answers" he said through gritted teeth, still clutching Nurse Sweet's arm tightly.

"Let me go first"

He released her and she took a small step back from him, her expression of disinterest never changing. 

"Answers" he repeated.

"Not the time or the place for all the answers" was Nurse Sweet's reply, "All you need to know is that my allegiances don't lie with Trapjaw or Engineer, and that my true employer is anxious to meet you, so getting you out of here and to him alive is my number one priority. Now start the elevator or we won't be able to escape."

Rob was stunned by the matter-of-fact way she explained herself to him. He couldn't trust her, he barely knew her. All he knew was that she had assisted Engineer in some strange science experiment that involved him. The details were slipping from his mind like a dream moments after you wake up. But he had no choice, he needed to get out of the place and to relative safety, and she would either lead him there or right back to where he started. Either way, his fate was in her hands.

After a few moments Rob nodded, and pressed the emergency button again and the elevator continued its decent. 

"Good choice" Nurse Sweet said.

The elevator stopped a few seconds later and the doors opened to an underground parking garage.

"Why aren't people stopping us?" Rob asked, relieved and confused at the same time.

"Because the man watching the cameras is dead"

Rob knew what she meant by that statement, and hoped he wouldn't be next.

"Follow me" Nurse Sweet said and began to walk briskly through the garage.

They wove through rows of parked vehicles. The garage was fairly large, suggesting that they were underneath an equally large complex. The couple eventually arrived at an all white Charger with blacked out windows.

"This you?" Rob asked.

"Get in" was her reply.

Rob crossed the front of the car and got into the passenger seat. The engine roared to life and Nurse Sweet sped the car out of the parking garage and into the street. It was dark out, and they sped through the city in silence before Rob spoke up.

"That seemed too easy"

"What were you expecting, a car chase? This isn't the movies you know" Nurse Sweet said sarcastically.

"I know, it just seems like there would be more security."

"You were the only security risk, and as far as anyone was concerned you were being monitored 24/7 by both a guard and me. Little did they know I wasn't exactly the best girl for the job."

"I owe you a lot" Rob said, only half-meaning it. He still had no idea what this woman's motives were.

"Don't fucking start. You don't even know what I want with you yet. Just be glad my employer has such a keen interest in you, or you'd still be strapped to that bed with restraints that didn't have faulty locks."

They drove in silence for a little while longer, eventually leaving the city and into the outskirts. Farms dotted the side of the road by the time the sun came up. Rob was dozing when he felt the car finally stop. Opening his eyes, he saw they were at a rural motel somewhere along the highway.

"Come on, we need to rest" Nurse Sweet said. 

No one seemed to notice, or care, as a woman in a nurse's uniform and a man wearing only a pair of pajamas pants walked into the office, bought a room, and walked into it together. It was a 'No-tell motel' and Rob was alright with that. 

Nurse Sweet had brought a bag with her from the car and she threw it at Rob.

"Clothes" she explained, and walked to the bathroom, closing the door behind her.

Rob could hear the shower running as he pulled off the pajamas and put on the boxer-briefs and t shirt he found in the bag. There were a pair of jeans in it as well, but Rob just pulled on the cotton pajamas as he was going to bed anyway. 

The shower stopped running, and after a pause Nurse Sweet walked out of the bathroom. She was clad in only a pair of red lace panties and matching bra which was covering a pair of B-cup breasts. Rob felt a rush of blood go to his cock, tenting his pants.

"I've heard some good things about you from Miss. White" she said, walking seductively towards the bed, "And since we've got some time to kill, I'd thought we could at least have a little fun."

When she reached the foot of the bed she started crawling on all fours up Rob's body until she was straddling his stomach. He could feel the heat of her sex through his shirt and his boxer-briefs were becoming uncomfortably tight. She leaned in, her bra covered breasts pushing into his chest. Her face was inches from his.

"So, what do you say?" she whispered, staring deep into his eyes.

His cock was straining in his pants, and her hot sex was causing tingles of pleasure to race through his torso, but still he was skeptical. He couldn't quite tell why. Something was telling him to be weary. The only image that came to his mind was a bar, but that meant nothing to him...

He lifted his head and captured her lips in his, driving his tongue into her mouth. She returned the kiss eagerly, rubbing her mound against his abs. He could feel his shirt getting damp from her arousal. Rob brought his hands up her back until he found her bra's clasp and undid it. The assault on his mouth stopped as she let her bra fall, bearing her perky breasts with small, sharp nipples to Rob. He groaned his approval, and lifted his head to capture one in his mouth, eliciting a moan of pleasure from Nurse Sweet. Her hands came down to the hem of his shirt and she lifted her hips enough to start slipping the garment over his hard stomach. Rob raised his arms and she lifted his shirt off the rest of the way.

He lay back, and she followed, crushing her hard nipples into his chest and sending electric shocks from his pecs down to his cock. Her arousal was even more apparent now, and her panties were soaked, leaving a wet trail on his stomach as she rubbed her sex against him. Rob hooked a finger into the waistband of her panties on each side of her hips and with a sharp tug, they were torn. They fell open and he removed the tattered remains, revealing her glistening cunt.

She moaned and sat up and began sliding her sex up his torso, leaving a glistening trail of moisture. When she reached his chest, she lifted her hips and positioned them above Rob's mouth. Getting the message, he grabbed her hips and brought her sex down to his mouth. She braced her arms against the wall behind the bed and moaned her pleasure as Rob began to lick her cunt. Her moans became pants as his tongue circled her clit and she ground her hips against his mouth as she neared her orgasm. 

"I'm.....fuck......I'm cuming!" She panted as she pressed her cunt against his lips and held it there, coating his face with her juices. 

Rob drank as much of the sweet nectar that flowed from Nurse Sweet's cunt as he could, but still she flowed and coated his face with the substance. After her orgasm subsided, Rob lifted her from her face and placed her beside him on the bed. He stood and shed his pants and boxer-briefs in one movement, freeing his cock.

"Come here" she demanded, and Rob was all too happy to obey.

He positioned his cock between her legs and coated the head in her juices before he pushed forward. Her depths were hot, hotter than any Rob had ever had. He groaned his pleasure and began to piston his cock into her slowly, savoring the sensation of her hot sex around his cock. 

"mmmmmm" moaned Nurse Sweet, "yessssss"

Rob continued his pace, taking his time. He kissed her neck and trailed down to her breasts, taking one into his mouth and lightly biting her nipple. This caused her to gasp, and she wrapped her legs around his waist and racked her nails lightly down his back. She was close, and so was Rob and he thrust into her faster while she grunted in time to his thrusts. As he neared orgasm, Rob reached between them and pinched her clit, sending her over the edge.

Her cunt spasm around his cock, initiating Rob's orgasm sending set after jet of cum shooting from his cock, coating her depths. After it subsided, he rolled off her and on to his back, she followed and kissed and licked her way down his body until she came to his cock. She took the softening member into his mouth and licked their combined juices off it. 

When she had finished she stretched and laid her head on his chest. 

"Miss. White was right, you are a great fuck." She said, closing her eyes.

Rob found himself wondering who Miss. White was and how she knew he was a great fuck as he drifted off to sleep...




Note: More explanations and a lot more sex in the next chapter. I hope you're enjoying this story, it's been brewing in my mind for quite some time and I'm really enjoying writing it! Feedback encouraged! 