 ***I've made a serious rooky mistake and I'm kicking myself right now as hard as I can! Many of you have pointed out that the story line is confusing and I couldn't figure out why...until I reread my stories (something I know I should have done in the first place...lesson SO learned). There are numerous inconsistencies in story line and time line so I'm including a brief summary of previous chapters with all incongruences ironed out. This summary will be what the rest of this story leads off from and I will always remember to check my own facts before writing them.

Please forgive, readers! 

Secret_Reader***

There is a nonconsent/reluctance scene within this chapter so feel to skip if it's not your cup of tea. It's necessary for character development and is certainly nothing graphic.

Enjoy

SUMMARY:

In the 1970s the Corps was founded by Giovanni, Wraith, Engineer, the now-dead Top-Shot and the evil Slade. It was used by the government as a form of law enforcement until Slade lead a faction of the group in a civil war against the other members. 

The civil war was over whether the super humans should be the rulers over the normal humans. Slade believed they should, but Giovanni did not. The war was destructive and a number of people died and a lot a property was destroyed. The government ordered the Corps to disband and Giovanni moved any remaining members into hiding by constructing a new base in 1986. 

Slade was defeated and the Corps was left in peace. Giovanni and Wraith continued to search for new members, and added a few over the years including Brick. A few years before this story, Engineer went insane after reading an article about combining man and machine and becoming obsessed over the idea. Giovanni kicked him out of the Corps and wiped his memory of secret information. 

Trapjaw had teamed up with the businessman Sydney to take over the world and they picked up Engineer in order for him to build his machines and help them succeed. After many trials, Engineer was able to successfully merge Rob's brain into a Machine's. 

Nurse Sweet was a mole for the Corps and took Rob to Giovanni where he trained over the period of a month. During this time Engineer built a mass production facility in the basement of Ark Chemicals, a subsidiary of Sydney Enterprises. Sydney supplied the money and materials, and Trapjaw oversaw the process. Once the facility was complete, Engineer manufactured ten Bio-B0ts to resemble his prototype, Bio-B0t On3 which he had built soon after Rob. 

Trapjaw sent five of these to attack the Corps while he replaced Sydney with M1mic, thus putting Trapjaw in complete control. 

The attack failed and Engineer came up with a plan to improve the Bio-B0ts. Meanwhile, Rob was tasked with figuring out what the Bio-B0ts were and how to defeat them. 

Thank you for reading this. Hopefully I won't have to make another one!

CHAPTER SIX

Rob furrowed his brow as he looked down at the headless robot. It had been almost two hours since the attack and Rob had been studying the robot for an hour and a half with Nurse Sweet and Hax. His two companions had long since given up on gleaning any useful information from the remains, but Rob knew there was definitely something there that they could use in the event of another attack. The problem was that his brain could not piece together a whole enough idea to be of any use. 

"AH!" he yelled in frustration and threw his hands up in defeat.

"Given up?" Hax said from his perch on the twin examining table.

"I just can't piece together my thoughts." Rob explained, "It's like I have a book in front of me with all the answers, but half the pages are torn out in random order."

"Hmmm..." Hax said as he jumped off the examining table, "Books..."

"What about them?" Nurse Sweet droned from where she was lying on the floor with her eyes closed.

"Rob, Giovanni had mentioned that you read a lot of books. He said that's why you should be of some help." Hax said, and although Rob could not see them through his whited-out glasses, he knew Hax's eyes were narrowed in thought. 

"Yeh, well a whole lot of good that's doing." Rob said, not sure where Hax was going with this. 

"But it IS doing a whole lot of good! The only problem is your knowledge is incomplete...you haven't read enough to have a complete grasp of the situation. In other words you're the equivalent of a person with a basic degree in, well, everything. What you NEED to be is the equivalent of a PhD in everything." Hax was pacing the room now and talking rapidly...and frankly not making a whole lot of sense. 

"Try again." Rob said, "This time, be a little less cryptic." 

Hax stopped pacing and stood directly in front of Rob and looked up into his eyes, "Right now you're a really, really smart person because of all the books you've read and your ability to store vast amounts of knowledge. What you can, and MUST, be is the most amazing genius this world has ever seen!"

"I'm going to need a lot more time...and a ton more books...for that to happen; but nice try." Rob said semi-sarcastically.

"No you won't and no you don't." Hax said with a little smile.

Nurse Sweet got off the floor in a hurry, "Hax...you're a genius!"

This was the most excited Rob had ever seen Nurse Sweet and was getting a little annoyed that he was being left out of the loop.

"Someone better explain to me what you're talking about." Rob demanded. 

"The Mainframe! We can hook you up and download its contents into your brain!" Hax said excitedly.

"Pardon?" Rob said, still confused.

"We don't have time for this...come with us, Rob." Nurse Sweet said and grabbed Rob's hand and led him through the door of the room.

She turned left and opened the door directly next to the one they had just come through. The three of them went through and into a room with a single column ten feet in diameter in the middle of the room. A single cable led from the column to a computer monitor on a small desk with a printer situated next to it.

"The Mainframe?" Rob asked.

"The one and only." Hax said, beaming with obvious pride, "A massive supercomputer designed by Engineer and me shortly before he went insane. It has astronomical processing power and contains all the information the world knows, has known, and (I suspect) will know. It is the single most intelligent thing in this solar system...I guarantee it."

"Impressive, but if it's so smart than why can't it analyze the robots itself? I mean didn't it analyze me?" Rob asked.

"A computer is only as useful as its user." Hax explained, "When it analyzed you all it gave Nurse Sweet was a bunch of readings which she then interpreted herself. It might be able to give us readings on the robot, but without knowledge of what it is or what it's made of, the readings would be useless."

"I think I get it now." Rob said, smiling, "If you download the Mainframe into my brain you basically roll computer and user into one package. The Mainframe become a sentient being (me) and can analyze and interpret at the same time."

"You got it! Now come here so we can do this thing." Hax said, opening up a panel on the column. 

"Wait...are you sure this won't like...fry my brain?" Rob asked, suddenly concerned with the plan. 

"Not sure at all, but from what I've seen of your brain's physical makeup it's highly improbable." Hax explained as he fiddled with knobs and buttons. 

"Would Giovanni approve of this plan?" Rob asked.

"Never," Hax said with a smile, "Ready when you are!" 

Rob looked over at Nurse Sweet who gave him an encouraging smile, "If Hax thinks you can do it, then I trust him. Do you trust me?"

"Of course!" Rob said.

"Then you should trust him." 

Rob smiled and nodded at Nurse Sweet before he approached the Mainframe.

"So, what do I do?" Rob asked Hax.

"See that hole there?" Hax said, indicating a hole about the size of a car outlet, "Stick your finger in there."

"Just...stick it in?"

"Yes, I bet you're good at that." Hax's crude humor leaked through the tone of his voice.

Ignoring him for the moment Rob said, "Alright, here goes....AHHH!!" When he inserted his finger into the hole he had received a painful shock throughout his entire body.

The sensation only lasted a second before it subsided and Rob could hear Hax saying, "All done!"

"All done? How can we be -- oh, right, the Mainframe uses quantum mechanics to store information, making the complete download last roughly one millisecond. The electrical shock was just my system rebooting...like a computer does after it installs new softw -- whoa!"

"How does THAT feel? The entire world's knowledge at your immediate disposal...oh how I envy you right now!" Hax said with a toothy grin. 

"It feels...amazing." Rob said genuinely. 

"Now remember this is purely objective knowledge. You won't be able to suddenly find a cure for cancer out of the blue. All new knowledge must be gained the old fashioned way: by thinking." Hax explained as he closed the panel on the Mainframe.

Rob smiled, "Back to the Lab then, everyone; we have work to do."

****************

Five hours later Rob finally looked up from the notes he had been furiously scribbling in a now-full notebook. When the trio had begun to reexamine the robot, Rob's mind went haywire. He began forming connections and drawing conclusions that he would never have been able to see before. At first Rob hadn't written anything down but as the examination progressed he found that even with his massive brain power it was hard to keep track of his own ideas. 

Hax had left by that time to find something else to help with and Nurse Sweet was dozing, so Rob went looking in the main Lab for a notepad and pen. He had found a small cluster of lockers along the wall and opened each one until he found a locker with a blank notebook on the top shelf. Hanging from a hook was a white lab coat which Rob thought might have pens in its pockets.

Rob removed the coat from the locker and put it on in order to easily check the pockets. It fit him almost too perfectly and was of a style that came down to his hips rather than the classical long one. He found a pen in one of the inside pockets and made his way back to the examination room to find Nurse Sweet passed out on the second table. Rob couldn't help but appreciate her natural beauty while she slept and he found he was glad that she was in his life. 

Thoughts of Nurse Sweet were at the edges of his mind as he worked and he would look at her longingly from time to time. Rob got the feeling that she knew how he felt about her, but she was so emotionally distant at times that he refrained from getting too mushy with her. 

When Rob had finished examining the exterior of the robot he used his blades to slice a hole in its exterior through which he could examine its inner workings. What he found was astonishing and thoughts of Nurse Sweet were all but banished from his mind as he furiously worked and wrote for hours.

After five hours had passed and Rob looked up from his work he found Nurse Sweet was awake and was watching him sleepily.

"Good morning, sleepy head." He said as he grinned.

"How long was I out?" She asked, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.

"Just about five hours now."

"And you were working the whole time...why am I not surprised." She rolled her eyes and jumped off the table.

Rob smiled, shrugged and began reviewing what he had written down. 

She came around behind Rob and began to massage his shoulders gently, "I think you should take a break." 

"But I have to report my findings...Giovanni's waiting." Rob said as he thumbed through his notebook.

Nurse Sweet rolled her eyes again and turned Rob around on the stool he was sitting on in order for him to face her. Rob's initial protests ended as soon as he saw the lustful look in Nurse Sweet's eyes. Seeing that Rob finally got it, she hiked her skirt up so she could straddle his hips and he in turn grabbed her around her trim waist. Her position made it so that only thing separating the two of them was her thin panties and his jeans.

Nurse Sweet could feel the hard denim of Rob's jeans against her rapidly moistening slit and she softly ground her hips against them to increase the stimulating contact. 

"Maybe we shouldn't..." Rob said, "Someone might come." 

"Everyone's asleep...now," She placed her arms around his neck and roughly ground up against his hardening cock as she demanded, "Shut up." 

Any further protests ceased when Nurse Sweet hungrily attacked his mouth with furious kisses. Rob had been about to say something when she kissed him so her tongue slipped easily between his lips. The taste of her and the sensations her skillful tongue elicited erased all qualms about being caught from Rob's mind and he returned the kiss with vigor. They're tongues dueled with each other and on occasion Nurse Sweet would lightly bite Rob's lower lip and drag her teeth along it. 

A thought came to Nurse Sweet and after a moment she broke their contact and breathed, "Doctor, I think you need an examination." 

"Doct...oh the coat? This turn you on...Nurse?" he said with a mischievous grin.

"Yes, but the thought of you out of it even more so." She returned the grin and pressed her palms into his chest, feeling the heat of his skin and the hard plane of muscle beneath.

"Well, Nurse, if you think an examination is necessary..." he trailed off as Nurse Sweet began to plant hot, wet kisses all over his neck.

"Oh, I do..." she said against his skin, sending shivers down his body at the sensation of her warm breath, "So let's get started, Doctor." 

Nurse Sweet ceased her actions and removed herself from Rob's lap, "Please strip for the...exam" she said seductively. 

Rob removed his lab coat and threw it onto the stool then stood still with his hands on his hips, waiting.

"I said strip." Nurse Sweet said, feigning annoyance.

Rob gave her a defiant grin, "Make me." he folded his arms across his chest.

Nurse Sweet almost giggled (almost) as she approached him and stood on her tiptoes to whisper in his ear, "Fine," she grabbed his hard cock through his jeans as she said this and then slowly ran her hand up the front of his crotch. Her other hand joined it when she reached the hem of his t-shirt. 

Rob lowered his arms stood still as he watched Nurse Sweet slip her hands under his shirt and slide her warm palms over his naked skin. She took her time with this, knowing that it drove him crazy and smiled when she felt his muscles jump beneath her skin. Still going slow, she guided her hands over his stomach to just under his chest before spreading them across his rib cage to his sides. She then slowly made her way back down, feeling the hard ridges of his serratus muscles beneath her fingers. Rob's hips bucked involuntarily as she touched his most sensitive spots but he remained a still as possible while Nurse Sweet enjoyed his body. 

When she made it back to the hem of his shirt, she gripped it softly and began lifting it up over his abs then his chest. When his shirt was bunched up on his chest, he lifted his arms so she could pull it off the rest of the way. 

Nurse Sweet stood back and admired her lover's body, "Well it's obvious that you're very...healthy." She said before licking her lips and approaching Rob. 

Still not moving or saying anything, Rob groaned when Nurse Sweet began to kiss and lick his entire torso; starting with his lower stomach and making her way up the hard plane of his stomach. His hips jerked violently when she dipped her tongue into his navel and then blew gently on the sensitive spot. Continuing on her way, she gently sucked on his nipples for a second in turn when she reached his chest and then made her way back down the same way she had come up. Rob's body was shimmering in the places where Nurse Sweet had left her mark and the spots felt exquisitely cool in the open air in contrast to the heat of his aroused state, but still he waited for Nurse Sweet to make the next move...this was her show. 

By now Rob's cock was straining painfully against its denim prison and Nurse Sweet's panties were clinging to her soaking cunt. After she had licked her way down Rob's hard torso she unfastened his belt and undid the fly on his jeans. Slowly she lowered them and licked her lips at the sight of his cock straining against his boxer briefs as Rob stepped out of his pants. 

"Doctor, please lay down on the examining table." She commanded, her voice quivering with the lust that was bursting from inside.

"This fantasy is all ass-backward." Rob chided.

"I don't fucking care...now get on." Nurse Sweet attempted a smile, but her passion was rapidly rising and any emotion besides wanton lust was becoming increasingly difficult. 

Rob grinned and hopped onto the second examining table and then lay down. The table had a thin layer of padding and while he adjusted himself on top of it, Rob didn't notice his wrists being secured into restrains on either side of the table. 

"Kinky." He said as he raised his eyebrows. 

"You have no idea." Nurse Sweet said and stood at the end of the table where Rob's feet were.

The padding on the table had a raised area where his head was propped up and he could see almost her entire body from his vantage point. If anyone could pull off a nurse's uniform, it was Nurse Sweet. The traditional white skirt only came half way down her tan thighs. The short-sleeved, buttoned blouse that was neatly tucked into the skirt fit her perfectly, showing off her subtle but beautiful curves wonderfully. Rob could barely see the beginning of her cleavage through the top two undone buttons but the tease made the actual reveal that much more exciting. The only indication that she was a nurse was the red cross stitched just above her left breast pocket. The pocket itself contained a single syringe full of some unknown concoction. 

Just the sight of her standing there sent shivers through Rob's body and he longed to stroke his cock to sweet release, but she had denied him this luxury by securing his wrists. If he wanted, Rob could force himself out of the bonds easily but he was enjoying the light bondage despite the ach in his groin. 

"Like what you see, Doctor?" Nurse Sweet asked, running her hands suggestively up her sides to her breasts which she squeezed through her shirt. 

Rob rapidly nodded his head and Nurse Sweet said, "Want to see more?" she undid the third button of her blouse, Rob nodded again. "Well then...Doctor's orders."

She began to strip for him, beginning with slowly unbuttoning her blouse one button at a time. First her black lace bra was revealed followed by her flat stomach. Nurse Sweet left her blouse on, teasing Rob with only a thin strip of skin as she resumed playing with her tits through the shirt. Despite the control she appeared to have, the heat still growing within Nurse Sweet was making it hard for her not to fuck Rob right away. Although it was driving her nearly insane, she was enjoying this intensely and she wanted it to last. She kneaded her breasts and her small, sharp nipples became erect from the material of her bra scraped gently along them. Her cunt was now so wet that a thin trail of her arousal was making its way down her leg.

Rob didn't miss a thing and he smiled inwardly when he saw the trickle of her arousal on her inner thigh. She was enjoying this as much as he was and there was no end in sight. 

Nurse Sweet had stopped playing with her breasts and finally removed her blouse to reveal her full torso. She then reached to her hip and undid the zipper of her skirt there. Slowly, deliberately, she slid the zipper down, driving Rob insane with need. When her zipper was undone, she turned her back to Rob and flashed him a teasing smile over her shoulder. She swayed her hips suggestively side to side and pushed her skit down over her hips and stepped out of it after letting it drop to the floor.
