 Rob woke up before Nurse Sweet, and decided that now was a good time for a shower. He hadn't had one in a few days...he thought...and after the previous night's activities he thought it'd be beneficial. After his shower he dressed himself in the clothes Nurse Sweet had provided for him, and decided to wake her.

Gently, Rob placed his hand on her shoulder and rocked her. Her eyes snapped open and she sprang from the bed, aiming flying kick at Rob's stomach. He easily dodged her and prepared himself for an attack. 

"Wait...what I am doing?" he said out loud and lowered his guard. He had never reacted to danger so readily, and he didn't understand why now he was so prepared. 

Nurse Sweet was clear across the room, trying to compose herself. She was still naked, but even in her state of undress was able to conduct herself with an air of superiority and indifference.

"Don't ever touch me when I'm sleeping." she said flatly.

"Didn't mind me touching you last night." Rob teased, and smiled when he saw Nurse Sweet's expression.

"Can't enjoy a good fuck?" she returned, and sashayed to the bathroom, calmly closing the door behind her. 

When she emerged she was dressed in her nurse's uniform.

"Ready?" she asked.

"You ever wear anything different?" Rob inquired, startled at her appearance. 

"Never." 

Without losing her composure, Nurse Sweet brushed pass Rob and opened the door to the room. Rolling his eyes, Rob followed her to the white Charger and climbed inside.

"Do I get to meet your employer now?" he asked.

Instead of answering she turned to face him. "What is your name?" she asked.

"What?"

"Your name..."

"Rob, why-"

"How did we get here?"

"We drove from the hospital." 

"Where were you before that?"

Rob thought for a moment. He remembered driving here and he remembered a hospital room, an elevator, and a sense of danger, but that was all. He had no idea how he had ended up in the hospital or who they were in danger of.

"I...I don't know." he said truthfully.

"Rob, listen to me." Nurse Sweet said as she turned away and started the car, "You're going to hear a lot of fucked up things today, so brace yourself. You have no memories of your previous life, so consider this your new beginning."

Rob just listened, she was right; he had no memories beyond the hospital bed. He didn't miss anyone or anything, he had nothing to miss. 

"Who were we running from?" he asked.

"Soon." Nurse Sweet said as she pulled out of the motel parking lot. ******* Trapjaw was furious. He had been betrayed by a trusted employee and was down one, six billion dollar investment. He swung his chain at the wall in his office, tearing off a piece of plaster with the jaws attached to it. Someone would have to pay for this, and it wasn't going to be him. Engineer had vouched for Nurse Sweet. Maybe a nip in the ass from his jaws would teach him a lesson. He couldn't kill Engineer, he was too valuable an asset. Plus, he had big plans for him now that his little science experiment was finally a success.

There was a knock on his door. One he knew all too familiarly. 

"Come in, Miss. White." he called, his tone dripping in annoyance. Not at her, but rather at the situation. She had done her part beautifully, and all that went wrong from there hadn't been her fault.

"Sydney will be here by five o'clock." the brunette said as she entered his office.

"Thank you, Miss. White. And congratulations on your catch, he proved to be the first to ever survive the transition." 

"Thank you, Trapjaw, it's a pity he escaped," she said, slinking up to him, "I can tell that it's stressing you out."

She reached her hands up to gently rub his broad shoulders. Trapjaw knew this old game. Shortly after he handpicked her to be his apprentice and began training her, they had become lovers. It was mutually exclusive to begin with, but was now a casual affair, each free to take whomever they wished to bed with them. But Miss. White had always been one of his favorites.

"What time is it?" he growled, lowering his voice to indicate he was game.

"Two o'clock; Sydney won't be here for another three hours." Miss. White responded, wrapping her arms around his neck. 

Trapjaw never removed his mask, not even when having sex. Miss. White had learned to accept this, and just took to mean she'd have to most of the work, which was fine with her. Grabbing his hand, she lead Trapjaw to the door behind his desk which lead to a small room with just enough room for a queen sized bed which Trapjaw used to sleep in if he was needed close to his office. It was also handy for middle-of-the-afternoon romps. 

Miss. White closed the door behind her and gently pushed Trapjaw backward until the back of his legs hit the bed. Slowly she pushed his suit jacket down his arms, enjoying the feeling of his hard muscles beneath his shirt. She then removed his tie and began unbuttoning his shirt. As his chest came into view, she planted soft kisses on the hard flesh, enjoying the sensation of his chest hair as it tickled her nose. Her trail of kisses followed the buttons, and when she reached his naval she blew gently into it, enjoying the small shudder of pleasure it elicited from Trapjaw. 

His shirt finally undone, she pulled it from the waist of his pants and stood straight to slide it from his shoulders. No matter how many times she slept with him, Miss. White was always impressed by the sheer masculinity of her lover. He was tall, but well muscled, with well defined pecs and tight abs. His arms were bulging, and he sported a perpetual tan. He had hair in the perfect amount on his chest and leading down his stomach, completing the picture of her perfect man. 

She pushed on him again, indicating that he should lie down. He obeyed, and pushed himself back so he was propped up on the pillows in perfect view of the woman in front of him. Miss. White began to undress, beginning with the buttons of her white blouse. One by one she slowly undid them until her white lace bra and smooth, tan stomach could be seen peeking through. She allowed the garment so slide off her shoulders and onto the floor. Then she unzipped her black skirt, moving her hips side to side as she slipped it off to reveal her white panties. There was a wet spot in the front, betraying her arousal. 

Miss. White loved the foreplay she shared with Trapjaw; it was something she hardly bothered with when with any other man. It made their time special. But she decided there had been enough of it for now, and she shed her bra and panties quickly and climbed onto the bed to join her lover.

Starting at his chest, she kissed her way down his body, leaving a trail of saliva glistening on his skin. When she reached the bulge in his pants, she licked the spot, causing the cock inside to twitch in anticipation. Hastily she unbuckled his pants, her passion flaring as her carnal instincts began to take over. With one tug, his pants and boxers were off and discarded on the floor, and his cock sprang up, softly slapping her cheek.

"Oh yeh." she purred, becoming the wanton slut Trapjaw (and many other men) loved in bed. 

She licked his cock from the base to the tip and popped the head of it into her mouth. Slowly, she slid the length of his member into her mouth until it hit the back of her throat. Relaxing her throat muscles allowed her to slip the rest of his 7.5 inch member in. The feeling of deep-throating his cock caused Miss. White to moan around it, which caused Trapjaw to buck his hips at the sensation. Ever so slowly, she withdrew his cock from her mouth until only the purple head remained between her lips. After sliding the tip of her tongue along his slit, she slowly took his full length again. She continued this rhythm, speeding up after he moaned his encouragement. After a few moments he began to buck his hips in time with her efforts. She groaned as he fucked her face could feel moisture running down her thighs. 

"I'm gonna cum." Trapjaw moaned.

Miss. White pulled his cock from her mouth and began tonguing the slit while gently fondling his balls. That sent him over, and as she felt his balls tighten for release she aimed his cock at her face. He grunted as he shot his first load all over her face. Globs of cum landed on her face and hair. The feeling of his hot spunk on her skin sent her over the edge, and she screamed as her own cum gushed from her cunt to run down her thighs and soak the sheets. 

"Come here." Trapjaw commanded.

Miss. White crawled beside him and lay down. He rolled over onto his side and began to play with her tits. She moaned and arched her back, allowing easier access. His efforts sent sensations rushing to her sex, and she gushed more juice. She brought her own hands down and started to rub her pussy and play with her clit. Her moans grew more intense, and she closed her eyes as Trapjaw began moving running his hand down her stomach. He gently pushed her hands away and shoved his middle finger into her dripping sex. It made a satisfying squishing sound as he began to piston it in and out of her, rubbing her upper wall. Her moans became pants, and her pants became groans as he rubbed against her g-spot.

"More!" she hissed thrusting her hips toward his hand.

She gasped as he added two more fingers and she arched her back towards him and gyrated her hips as he plunged her depths. 

"FUCK!" she screamed as Trapjaw began rubbing her clit with his thumb. "Yes...yes....YESSSS. I'm almost there......fuckkk!"

A pressure began building within her and her screams reverberated off the walls as she felt it release. 

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck..." she screamed as a stream of clear liquid shot from her pussy and landed all over the bed and Trapjaw's hand. 

"I love my little squirter!" Trapjaw growled as he watched his lover spray her juices.

Finally her orgasm subsided, but there was an ache within her that still needed to be sated. 

"Fuck me!" she panted, "Shove your cock in my cunt ple-nnnnnng."

Before she could finish her sentence he was on top of her, his cock sheathed tightly in her folds. He thrust in and up against her g-spot roughly and quickly. She could feel the pressure building again and screamed as he pinched her nipple and sent her over the edge. She coated his balls in her juices and could feel it dripping between her legs and down the crack of her ass. Wrapping her legs around his back, Miss. White rocked herself so that they switched positions and she ended up on top, his cock still buried balls deep in her cunt.

Pushing against his hard chest, she lifted herself up and wound her fingers lightly in his chest hair and began to rock back against his cock. This position allowed her clit to rub against his lower stomach and the friction it caused against her clit sent her falling into a mini-orgasm. She sped up, wanting to feel him spurt his load deep within her.

"I'm gonna...." he grunted and then thrust up hard.

She could feel his hot cum splatter her inner walls, and it set off one final mini-orgasm. 

"Fuckkkk..." she softly hissed and collapsed onto his chest, her fingers still entwined in his hair.

They lay that way for a little bit before Trapjaw gently rolled her off him. His cock exited her depths with a small 'pop' and he sat up and swung his legs over the edge of the bed.

"Sydney will be here soon, we better prepare." he said and stood up.

Miss. White rolled her eyes and sighed. It was always business with him...she hardly knew the man behind the mask at all. 

"Fine." she said and exited to a small side bathroom to clean up.

When she emerged she was dressed in her customary white blouse and black skirt. He was again dressed in his white suit, and he had his chain wrapped around his shoulder. 

"You know I do care about you." he said, looking into her eyes.

Miss. White just looked away walked to the door. 

"Don't start with me. We tried the whole exclusive game, and you blew it." She opened the door to his office and disappeared inside.

Trapjaw watched her go with genuine disappointment. She was the closest he had ever come to caring about another human being. But she was right; he blew it, and would blow it again if she gave him a chance to. It was better this way; master and apprentice, casual lovers, nothing more. 

He glanced at the clock on the wall. Sydney would be there in an hour and a half and he still had to talk to Engineer. There would be time for musing later; now was time for business.

Engineer's domain was in the basement of the building that read 'Ark Chemicals' on the front, a subsidiary of Sydney Enterprises. Sure Sydney Enterprises owned the company, and sure they produced some chemicals, but the real business happened in the basement. 

Sydney and Trapjaw were unequal partners in an ongoing scheme. Sydney provided the funding, and Trapjaw took care of the logistics. He had found Engineer on the streets after hunting him down.

There had been an article published by a prominent neuroengineer about the possibility of transferring the mind of a human into an artificially created body. The body would function as a human would, but would have almost limitless physical abilities. 

The paper had been well received as a possibility of the future, but the engineer believed he could accomplish it then. He became obsessed and started stealing supplies and money from the company he worked for. When he was caught, he was fired and became a laughing stock in the scientific community. 

Trapjaw saw potential, however, and hunted down the now out-of-touch-with-reality Engineer and hired him on as part of his growing team, and the rest was history. After dozens of failed attempts, Engineer had finally completed his life work.

And then his life work promptly escaped out the front door. 

It didn't matter; he would reclaim what was his. In the meantime, he had work for Engineer to do. When he finally arrived at his lab, Trapjaw knocked loudly.

"What!?" came an annoyed shout.

"It's me." Trapjaw said calmly.

Sounds of metal clanging and a sharp "fuck" could be heard on the other side of the door. After a few more seconds of silence the door opened, revealing a very sweaty Engineer.

"Trapjaw, I expected you'd be with Sydney right now."

"Not for another hour, I'm afraid." Trapjaw said as he let himself in "What are you doing in here?"

"Just a few pet projects." he said, closing the door behind him. 

"Well they'll have to be put on hold, I've got work for you to do."

As Trapjaw explained his plan, Engineer's face grew more and more eager. By the end of the explanation he was practically bursting at the seams with excitement.

"Think you can handle it?" Trapjaw asked, although he really didn't have a choice.

"Yes, absolutely! I'll get started right away."

Engineer scurried off and began typing away at his array of computers. Trapjaw nodded and turned to meet Sydney to explain the situation they were currently in.

The plan was still unfolding smoothly, with or without the man that'd escaped. He'd send Miss. White out to collect both him and Nurse Sweet and then he'd make them wish they never crossed him

***** After driving for a couple of hours, Rob and Nurse Sweet pulled off the main road and onto a long dirt road that was lined with trees on both sides. After driving slowly for about a quarter of a mile, Rob spotted what remained of an old iron gate. The gate was rusted and leaning slightly and vines had all but reclaimed the structure. Across the top the word 'Vespucci' could still be read. Miss. Sweet drove straight through the gate and when Rob looked ahead he could see a huge building though the trees. 

As they drove closer, more of the structure could be seen, and Rob recognized it as an old plantation house. Crops hadn't been grown on the estate in decades, and woods surrounded the house on all sides, casting an eerie shadow over it, even though it was broad daylight. The house itself was in good shape and clearly maintained through the years. They parked in front of the house and got out. Nurse Sweet walked up to the door and knocked loudly three times. After a minute the large white door opened slowly, revealing a man wearing a black suit. He was about a foot shorter than Rob and had slicked back silver hair. He leaned against a black cane with a sizable red gem set into its head.

"So, I see you've been successful." the man said as his vivid blue eyes caught sight of Rob, his tone similar to Nurse Sweet's; flat and affectless but not unpleasant. 

"Of course." Nurse Sweet said and walked inside as the man in the door stepped aside. Rob followed close behind and once they were inside the man closed the door behind them.

"Follow me." he said and led them to a room off the left of the foyer. 

It was evident from the rows of shelves filled with books that they were in the library. In front of a large picture window was an oak desk with a number of documents strewn over it and a few open books. In front of the desk were two armchairs which the man gestured to as he sat behind the desk. Rob and Nurse Sweet sat in them. Rob had been silent since they arrived at the house. He felt an air of authority around this man, who he guessed was Nurse Sweet's employer, and thus he had been waiting for him to make the first move. 

"Welcome," the man said, his eyes boring into Rob, "My name is Giovanni Vespucci the Third."

"Rob." 

"Rob, I trust you have a great deal of questions. My goal is to answer as many as I can right now." he reached for a bottle of amber liquid, "Drink?"

"No, thank you." Rob declined.

"Of course." Giovanni replied, pouring himself one, "Now, down to business. How much do you already know?"

"Honestly? Nothing. The first thing I remember...ever...is waking up in a hospital bed and escaping from...someone." 

"To be expected based on what Nurse Sweet tells me about Engineer's work." Giovanni sipped his drink in silence for a few moments, staring into the distance.

Rob glanced over at Nurse Sweet, but at some point she had silently left the room and her seat was empty.

"Just collecting my thoughts." Giovanni said and then, "Right, well here goes," he sat his drink down and sat forward in his chair and clasped his hands together. "Rob, whatever life you had before a few days ago is over. Consider this the first day of your life."

"So I've heard." Rob said, remembering his conversation with Nurse Sweet earlier. Nodding his head in understanding, Giovanni continued:

"Rob, you were the latest subject in an ongoing project of a mad-man who goes by the name of Engineer. For years he has tried to transplant the mind of an individual from the body of a normal human to the body of a manufactured being, the literature is all right here." He said, indication the documents on his desk, "The point of this is to eliminate the weaknesses of a human. Basically; take the rational mind of a human and put it into a machine. This machine would be stronger, faster, and capable of a great deal more than any normal human or traditional machine would be. Up until now he has been unsuccessful, and all of his subjects have died in the process of transfer. All of them except you. You are the product of a successful transplant. Your current body is not the one you were born with, but rather one that was engineered in a lab. More testing will need to be done to understand the extent of your abilities, but they are defiantly far beyond those of a normal person." Giovanni leaned closer towards Rob, "Do you understand what I've just told you?"

Rob did understand, but he couldn't believe it. He felt human, he looked human, he certainly acted human; but according to Giovanni he was just a machine. It couldn't be right, he would know if he wasn't all human.

"I do, but it doesn't make sense." he said, furrowing his brow.
