 Note: 

Things are going to get a lot grittier from here on out. Slade has escaped and the Corps will face a lot of challenges in the coming chapters. Nurse Sweet's disappearance takes its toll on Rob and the Party commits some pretty atrocious acts. 

More sex and more action are ahead. I warn you: some things may be disturbing, and I don't write tales of happy days and rainbows; a good story shouldn't be predictable, and it certainly shouldn't be unrealistically positive. 

All events can be assumed to be in chronological order with some but minimal overlap.

So get comfy and enjoy: 

THE GOOD DOCTOR: RETALIATION

The following events take place one month after the events of "Origins". 

CHAPTER ONE

Rain pelted the windows of Rob's room as he looked out across at the ruins of what used to be Ark Chemicals; finally empty of people. The recent wetness had finally quenched the fires that had continued to burn long after the Corps' battle against Trapjaw and the Bio-B0ts was over. It had been one month and there was still no sign of Nurse Sweet or the criminals who called themselves "The Party". The Dallas police had scoured the wreckage for any clues of where they might have disappeared to, but nothing had turned up. When the FBI arrived, it had become extremely difficult for the Corps to conduct their own investigation, but by that time Rob had given up hope of finding anything useful. 

A no-nonsense man named Special Agent Smith had demanded Rob come with him to Washington to "sort this ugly business out". Rob had refused, knowing there was nothing the FBI or the entire U.S Government could do to make him. 

After the fire destroyed Headquarters, the Corps had moved the Mobile Base to the fields surrounding the ruined Ark Chemicals where they waited while Rob decided what to do next. Of course Agent Smith had complained about it, but since the Base was impregnable and the Corps was made up of a group of lethal weapons of mass destruction, the FBI had no choice but to let it slide. 

After about a week of being there, Smith had told Rob that the public was demanding the Corps was brought to justice. News crews had sent helicopters to Ark Chemicals after receiving reports of a giant tank crashing through the forest surrounding it. They had witnessed the entire battle and broadcast it live for the whole of Dallas to watch. 

"They want your heads for the death of those employees." Smith told Rob in a gruff voice, "If you don't pack it up, they're going to start coming out here with pitchforks and torches." 

Rob had made a point not to talk to the authorities, so he just nodded curtly and resumed examining the ruins using his enhanced senses, looking but knowing he'd find nothing. 

"Don't come crying to me when they come swarming your Base." Smith grunted, and left before Rob could roll his eyes at the ridiculous notion. 

But sure enough, a few days later a crowed of angry citizens came marching down the road to the building, chanting something as they came. Rob never knew what exactly they were saying because once they caught sight of the Base, they hightailed it back to their homes where giant roaming destroyers didn't exist. The TV must have made it seem smaller than it was or the concerned citizens would have just stayed home. 

A week after the crowd came, saw, and left, Smith told Rob that the President was planning on basing her reelection strategy on "alleviating the terrorist threat from Dallas". That just made Rob laugh, but Smith didn't seem to think it was funny.

"Don't think we haven't forgotten what happened in the '80s," He warned, "Last time we let you people act freely, thousands died." 

Up until then, Rob had assumed the War between the Corps and the Rebels was just a series of isolated incidents. Now that Smith mentioned it, Rob reached into the huge database known as the Mainframe that was stored in his super-computer brain to extract as much information on the War as he could. 

According to the Mainframe, the War had not been composed of isolated incidents at all. Whole cites were ravaged by the fighting, and the United States Armed Forces were helpless in the face of such power. The deep-seeded hatred Giovanni had mentioned the public had towards the Corps seemed utterly justified when the events leading up to it were examined. For a moment Rob considered heeding Smith's words and relocating somewhere more private but reconsidered again when he reminded himself that the events of the War would be repeated if Slade and the Party were not stopped soon. They needed to exhaust all possibilities of finding leads there before they moved on. 

Another week and Smith shouted at the Base that they would be leaving in a couple of days. The Corps had stopped searching the ruins a few days before then and was not surprised by the news that the FBI was following suit.

"Good riddance." Turbo had said over dinner, "Those bastards do nothing but bitch and moan; it's depressing." 

"Amen!" Brick agreed through a mouth full of food. 

Although happy to see the agents go, Rob could not share the same level of enthusiasm as his fellow members. Every day that passed meant another day Nurse Sweet was in the hands of the Party. They hadn't sent demands or conditions for her release, so Rob could only assume they were keeping her as a way of hurting him. It was working too; until she was gone, Rob had not realized how much he actually cared for Nurse Sweet. The first few days she'd been gone had been the hardest, and Rob did little but sulk in his room and search the ruins, refusing to let the Corps see him that way. Giovanni had named him as their leader, and although it didn't seem like anyone would contest that, Rob still didn't want them to think he couldn't handle the situation. 

As the weeks went by the emotions got easier to handle and while the thought of Nurse Sweet made his gut clench, Rob was able to function at a normal level, though inside he was still torn. Now the FBI was leaving and they were finally about to get some peace and quiet. The Corps would be moving on soon too Rob decided. They were doing no good for Nurse Sweet camping out on a charred battlefield. They needed to retaliate soon and put an end to the Party. 

As Rob stared out the window, absorbed in his thoughts, someone knocked on the door to his room. 

"Yeh?" He called out. 

The door opened and Wraith entered. She had been spending a lot of time with Brick lately and Rob was sure she had moved into his bedroom. 'At least someone's happy.' He thought gloomily. 

"Rob..." She said, gliding over to his bed and taking a seat before placing her hand on his shoulder, "There's been some news about Nurse Sweet." 

Her tone of voice would have caused Rob's heart to sink to his feet if he had still owned one. He stared into her eyes, waiting for the bomb to drop. 

"She's fine..." Wraith started, but couldn't manage to keep eye contact with him and turned away. 

Rob gripped her shoulder firmly and made her face him, "What happened? Please, Wraith, I need to know." 

Instead of answering, Wraith produced a disc which Rob took without hesitation. The words "Watch and Enjoy" were burned into one side. 

"It's a DVD..." Wraith explained gently, "I scanned its contents. Rob, you don't want to watch that." 

"Is she hurt?" He asked; already out of his bed and making his way to the wall where a TV and DVD player were set up. 

"No...but...Rob, you have to believe me, you do NOT want to watch that DVD." Wraith's voice was becoming insistent, but Rob ignored her. 

If there was any news about Nurse Sweet, he had to know, no matter how terrible it was. They say when a loved one goes missing the worst part is the not-knowing if they're ok. Rob knew this feeling all too well. The thought of Nurse Sweet hurt in any way made him feel queasy. Despite what Wraith said, he was going to play that DVD, but just as Rob was about to insert the disc in the player a strong hand gripped his wrist. 

"Let me go, Wraith." Rob said, trying to remain calm. 

"You know who Slade is, and you know what she's capable of." Wraith was close to pleading now, "I promise you, if you watch this thing you won't be able to control yourself. It's what he...she... wants, Rob. She wants to hurt you emotionally so that it'll be easier to hurt you physically."Rob dismissed her so she gripped his face with both hands and forced him look into her eyes with a strength he had not know she possessed, "Do. Not. Watch. That. DVD." 

"Don't worry about me, Wraith." He said, and gently removed her hands from his face. 

Rob felt bad for denying a friend's advice, but this was a special circumstance. All the friendly intentions in the world couldn't have stopped him then. 

Admitting defeat, Wraith lowered her eyes from his and glided to the door, pausing before she left to say, "Don't let her win this round, Rob. This is only the beginning." 

When she had left, Rob took a shuddering breath before inserting the DVD and pressing play...

************************************************

The last thing Nurse Sweet remembered was giving that asshole Trapjaw a back full of flame before she was assaulted by Engineer and some damned laser gun. She was dodging his shots pretty well until a sharp pain lanced up her arm and into her head indicating he had managed to hit her. After that, she remembered nothing. 

Now she was waking up for what felt like the first time in days. Her vision was cloudy and her brain kept trying to lure her back to sleep, but something told her she was not safe. A dull pain permeated her limbs, which felt like they were at a strange angle, but she was too groggy to discern more. 

When light suddenly scorched Nurse Sweet's retinas she heard a sneering female voice say, "Awake at last. I thought Engineer's laser might have put you in some kind of coma."

Nurse Sweet tried to speak but there was something wrapped around her head. 'A gag' she realized, tasting cloth and becoming consciously aware of it cutting into her lips and mouth. 

"No talking." The voice said, closer now, "Later, maybe, but right now just watch and listen." 

As her senses began to come to life, Nurse Sweet became aware of her dire situation. The first thing she noticed was her arms were secured above her head and her legs were being kept spread shoulder wide by some kind of metal bar. Her feet we planted firmly on the floor, but there was no room for her to bend her knees; she was bound up tight. Whatever the Party wanted from her, Nurse Sweet was powerless to resist. There was no way to aim any flames and even if she could, she wouldn't have been able to untie herself. The light that had initially blinded her didn't seem as bright then, and she could start to make out blurry faces. 

A white skull stared at her from the right; its owner's upper body was bared. To Nurse Sweet's left, a short, stooped man with a head of grey hair and mirrored safety goggles stood watching her. 'Trapjaw and Engineer' she thought venomously. The light was still blinding Nurse Sweet to whoever was standing right in front of her and it was this mystery person who spoke.

"Your boyfriend has caused the Party a lot of stress, Nurse Bitch." The figure sauntered closer and Nurse Sweet could make out her basic figure; five and half feet, long legs, slim waist, and medium sized breasts, "So we've decided to send him a little Thank You present." 

The gag prevented Nurse Sweet from responding, so the woman continued. 

"You see, the Party doesn't play fair. We like to kick a guy while he's down, so we've arranged a little...show...to let him know who's on top." 

The woman was only a few feet away now, and Nurse Sweet was able to make out her finer details. She wore a black leather bra and matching leather pants the same color as her hair. Her skin was ashen grey with lines of black that appeared to be her veins running along it. Her lips were as black as her hair and clothes but her most sticking features were her completely blacked-out eyes, without a trace of iris or white in them. The woman oozed evil and Nurse Sweet's subconscious must have caught on because a wave of nauseating fear swept through her body. 

The woman looked strangely familiar despite all her strange features. Something about her appearance alerted Nurse Sweet to some previous memory her mind was too groggy to grasp at the time. When the woman spoke again it was if she was reading Nurse Sweet's thoughts. 

"Who am I? Well...I'm Slade." 

Nurse Sweet's eyes widened and she turned her head away from the woman. The stories Giovanni told her about his fellow Corps founder had given her nightmares. But Slade was a man! How could this woman claim to...something clicked in her brain, and Nurse Sweet's previous fears went into overdrive. She had to get of there. The creature standing in front of her was capable of unimaginable horrors; Nurse Sweet didn't even want to think about what might happen to her in his...hers...its clutches. 

Strong fingers gripped Nurse Sweet's face and forced her to turn her head back to look at the monster woman.

"What's wrong? Did Giovanni tell the little girl some scary bedtime stories about me?" Slade taunted, "Well let's add one more to the list, shall we? I do love a good history to my name." She turned away and sauntered over to a video camera Nurse Sweet had not noticed before. 

"Engineer, if you would be so kind as to be my camera man." She said, pushing a button to turn the machine on. 

The little man nodded and took his position behind the camera while Slade took a similar position in front of it, standing a little to Nurse Sweet's left so that both women would be included in the picture.

Slade had her back turned and Nurse Sweet caught a glimpse of a taught ass accentuated by the leather pants; an ass she recognized as belonging to the late Miss. White. 

"Hello, Robby." Slade was saying to the camera, "Hope this finds you well and that you're as excited to watch this thing as I am for making it." She giggled, "I can already feel my panties getting wet in anticipation!" Her hand reached inside the front of her pants and she pulled it out, bringing her fingers to her nose and taking a whiff, "Mmmm...bet your girlfriend smells even sweeter." 

Slade shot Nurse Sweet a nasty smile, causing her stomach to drop. 'What are they going to do with me?' she asked herself as Slade returned her gaze to the camera. 

"It's weird, but when I was a man all those years ago, I had no interest in sex and the like." Slade mused, cocking her head to the side, "Now that I've got this body, it's all I can think about!" She giggled again, "That Miss. White was one hell of a slut; right, Trapjaw?" 

Trapjaw's hands tightened into fists out of the corner of Nurse Sweet's vision. 

"Anyway, here's the deal. Since you've managed to piss us off by setting our plans back with your little show of force, I've decided to make you suffer." Slade smiled and walked to Nurse Sweet's side, "For the first act, I'm going to make you watch while we play with your girlfriend, Nurse Cunt. And don't try to get away with not watching or you'll never see her again."

Nurse Sweet's eyes widened in fear; she did not like the sound of that at all. Slade just laughed and ran a hand soothingly down her cheek.

Slade leaned in close and whispered in Nurse Sweet's ear, "Don't worry; you're going to enjoy this." Hot breath brushed over Nurse Sweet's skin, "It's your boyfriend who's going to have to watch while we make you come over," she kissed her cheek softly, ",and over," Slade kissed her neck, leaving it tingling with sensation, ",again." The last kiss was on her lips and Nurse Sweet wretched her face away from the unwanted touch. 

With an evil laugh Slade twirled away and all Nurse Sweet could think as she struggled against her bonds was 'This bitch is crazy!'

"Prepare her, Trapjaw." Slade ordered, jerking a thumb in Nurse Sweet's direction while she sauntered over to stand beside Engineer behind the camera. 

Trapjaw moved into the light and Nurse Sweet had a better view of him. He was shirtless, wearing only a pair of white suit pants in addition to his ever present skull mask. As he got closer, Nurse Sweet could make out the edges of nasty looking scars along the sides of his ribs and abdomen where they were peeking from around his back. She remembered giving him those scars during the battle at Ark Chemicals and a small glimmer of satisfaction flashed across her face. 

Trapjaw noticed the subtle reaction and growled in his Russian accent, "I will make you pay for the pain you caused me." His eyes, the only visible part of his face, narrowed, "Slade seems to think this little demonstration will be punishment enough, but mark my words: I will have my own revenge." 

There was a flash of steel and a knife appeared in Trapjaw's hand. Nurse Sweet tried to scream but only a muffled squeal came out. 

"Don't hurt her, Trapjaw." Slade's called her voice mocking but with an unmistakable undertone of menace; she was clearly in charge. 

"Wouldn't dream of it." He muttered before sliding the knife under the hem of Nurse Sweet's white blouse. 

She could feel the cold steel against her skin and her heart skipped a beat when Trapjaw jerked the blade upward. There was a tearing sound and Nurse Sweet could feel cool air tickle her abdomen. 

Another few rips and her blouse fell to the floor at her feet. 

Nurse Sweet felt very exposed with her arms extended above her and her torso bared save her black lace bra. Her chest heaved as she tried to calm her nerves, looking for a way out of what was shaping up to be a very nasty situation. 

Her skirt was cut away next, followed by her bra. 

"Leave the panties." Slade instructed.

Trapjaw nodded and stepped back from his work with a sneer, leaving Nurse Sweet hanging there, exposed to the camera and the enemy. 

"Thank you, Trapjaw. Now wait until I'm ready for you." Slade said, coming forward once again. 

As she approached she held her hand out and grabbed something small out of thin air. Nurse Sweet couldn't tell what it was until she felt the sharp sting of a needle plunge into her shoulder. 

"Oomph" Nurse Sweet demanded through her gag. 

"Just a little something to help you...warm up." Slade smiled before turning to address the camera again, "While we wait for my little cocktail to take effect let me ask you this: are you glad you fucked with me yet?" 

Slade's tone became noticeably darker as she posed the question to future-Rob. Nurse Sweet felt like she should have been frightened by the woman's change of demeanor, but, oddly, she didn't. Instead thoughts of Rob, naked and hard, flashed into her mind. 

'What the fu...' Nurse Sweet thought before images of him thrusting into her, his muscles gleaming with sweat as he face bunched in concentration, flooded her thoughts. 

Nurse Sweet could hear someone talking to her, but all she could focus on was the way the intrusive images were making her feel. She could feel her nipples harden and her sex moisten as more and more thoughts of Rob filling her with his cock arose. The bonds around her hands were becoming highly annoying, if she could just stoke her... 

'No!' her rational mind screamed, 'Focus!' 

Nurse Sweet's eyes snapped open. She had never realized she closed them but now she recalled her dangerous situation. Slade was smiling at her with her head cocked to the side. The images of Rob kept trying to intrude but Nurse Sweet fought against them; she had to focus on escape. 

But she was so very aroused...

"How you feeling, sweetheart?" Slade mocked. 

"Oomph" Nurse Sweet said.

"Trapjaw, remove her gag." Slade commanded. 

When the tall Russian came up to Nurse Sweet to untie the gag, she caught scent of him. His bare chest rubbed against hers as he reached behind her head and she couldn't help arching her back to feel the wiry hairs stimulate her nipples. She was embarrassed at her behavior but the feeling of him was making her panties soaked. 
