 Note: 

Sorry about the delay, readers. College is in full swing for me this semester has been crazy busy. I really enjoyed this chapter and I think it brings a lot of the plot elements together cohesively and sets the stage for a much bigger story to come.

The focus isn't on sex this time around, but I threw in a couple of quickies in there to tide you over ;)

Remember to vote and give feedback! 

I love writing this stuff, so more will come for sure! 



CHAPTER 7

"Do you understand, now? Why we must stay away from that prison?" Giovanni sounded a little like a parent chastising a child.

Rob did understand. The stone ring...prison... housed Evil itself and the control the prison had over It was tenuous at best. All someone had to do was give into the temptations It promised, and it would be free once again. 

Again.

Rob had sat and listened as Giovanni told the story of the ring while they sat in the Lab. It all seemed unreal to Rob; even after all the time he had spent with the Corps. 

"Yes, Sir, I understand perfectly." 

"Good. Meet in the conference room in one hour with your plan of attack. We have no time to waste." Giovanni left Rob with his thoughts.

Rob had heard the name Slade a number of times before this night. He was one of the founding members of the Corps and he was also the one that almost brought it to its end. In Rob's mind, Slade had been the "bad guy", but until now he had no idea how much weight that title carried with it. 

Slade was the embodiment of Evil. A scum so foul that Rob was sure all the world's problems could be solved if only he could be erased from existence. Even as someone with no memories, Rob knew that he had never met or heard of anyone as sadistic as Slade. And to think he was working with Trapjaw somehow...

"Rob?" It was Nurse Sweet, looking like she had just woken up.

"Hey." Rob jerked himself out of his reverie and gave her a warm smile. 

"You never came to bed." She took a seat across from him. 

"Yeh, I'm sorry. I was up all night working on an attack plan. Then I had an...incident." Rob didn't think he was ready to tell Nurse Sweet about his encounter with the stone ring.

Luckily she didn't prod, "Well, I hope your time was well spent. The rest of the Corps is rested and ready for action."

The fact that Nurse Sweet was willing to give Rob his space and let him live independently outside their relationship made him glad he had her in his life. From the beginning of his ordeal, it had been her who had always been by his side. At first she was cold and aloof, but as their relationship progressed he could see her icy demeanor melting away, revealing a warm heart underneath. 

"What?" she laughed.

Apparently Rob had been staring at her, "Nothing. Let's go to the Conference Room." 

"Ok then..." Nurse Sweet gave him a funny look and then led them out of the Lab. 

Someone had picked up the files that Rob had dropped. Noticing him looking around, Nurse Sweet said "They're in the Conference Room."

"Thanks." He said, and they continued along in silence. Despite Nurse Sweet's presence, Rob did not feel like talking. He had a sense of foreboding that he couldn't shake and the weight of Giovanni's story still lay heavy on his heart. 

When the pair reached the Conference Room, Giovanni and a few others were already seated at the large table. While the others talked quietly among themselves, Giovanni was busy reviewing the files Rob had made up.

"I have to talk to Gio." Rob told Nurse Sweet.

She nodded and took a seat next to a boy no older than 14 with baggy clothes and jeans with holes in the knees. Echo, Rob remembered. The mysterious boy from the streets could project images onto the minds of anyone in his vicinity. His powers were still developing and their full potential was still far from being discovered.

Also seated at the table was an aging man with long, curly grey hair. He wore a black t-shirt with a white lightning bolt that stretched over his still impressively muscled chest and arms. Across his shoulders was a matching black cape. This was Nimbus, with the ability to control static electricity and to fly on air currents that he manipulated. As is, his powers were average at best, but with a few modifications, Rob could make them extraordinary. 

The remaining two members present were Turbo and the ice-queen, Sublime. They were chatting like old friends about the past. It reminded Rob that he was still an outsider to this group, and had a lot to prove before he was completely accepted. 

Giovanni looked up as Rob walked over to him. 

"Interesting ideas." he said. 

"Thanks." Rob sat down next to him, "If we strike early we can make this work." 

"Rob, I really appreciate this. I know you're still new here, and you still have questions, but you're willing to put yourself at risk for people you barely know. That's admirable." 

Rob smiled and glanced at Nurse Sweet, who was talking amiably with Echo about something. "I'm doing it for them."

Giovanni nodded knowingly, "Still, you're more of a man than most, Doctor." 

They sat in silence from then on until everyone else had arrived. It was nearly midnight, but since everyone had spent the day resting and recharging, they were all alert and attentive. 

Giovanni spoke loudly once everyone was seated, "The time has come to plan our strike. The events of the other night will not be repeated. We will hit them back first, and hard." 

A murmur of agreement went around the table. 

Giovanni continued, "Now I know some of you don't trust him, but the Good Doctor has developed a plan of attack." 

Silence. No one wanted to speak against Rob; not after the angry speech Giovanni had given at their last meeting.

"Thanks, Giovanni." Rob said as he stood. He held up the files and said, "I have here a detailed report of each of your histories and abilities. Some of you have seen a lot of action, some not any. Some are old, and others young. At first glance, you all look like a motley group of weirdoes who have nothing in common besides the fact that you're weird."

The others glanced at each other, wondering where the negative comments were leading.

"But I know better." He continued, "I know that each and every one of you is vital to the Corps, and I plan on utilizing you to the fullest of your abilities. If the attack we sustained is left unanswered, it will be a message to our enemies that we are weak, and that we do not fight back. Now, if that's the case, then I think I joined the wrong team."

That got them going. Everyone began talking at once; some were angry, others were encouraging, Echo remained silent.

Brick spoke up above the rest, "What's the plan, Doctor?"

"Thanks for asking." Robb said.

As he outlined the plan, the others began to nod and some even smiled. The respect Rob was looking for was almost within his reach. Now all he had to do was pull this off and he would be able to proudly call himself the Good Doctor. 

**********************************

The scene that Trapjaw walked into was one of pure destruction: parts of BioB0ts lay strewn all around the room; BioB0t On3 was restraining a struggling woman in a white hospital gown; and Engineer was laying on the ground, struggling to get up. 

"What. Happened. Here?" Trapjaw said, a tide of rage simmering just beneath the surface.

A needle extended from BioB0t On3's fingertip which he plunged into the woman's arm. After a few seconds the woman stopped struggling and the robot let her go. "The woman began to panic after waking up. The BioB0ts were unable to stop her. Only I could restrain her, Sir." 

BioB0t On3 was the first BioB0t Engineer built after the success with Rob. It was superior to the others in all ways. Its armor was impregnable; its intelligence was superior to most humans; and its weapons systems were unmatched. It was no wonder it had succeeded where the others had failed. 

Engineer had finally managed to get to his feet and brush the debris off his lab coat. To Trapjaw's annoyance, he was smiling. 

"Is this amusing?" Trapjaw glared at Engineer. 

"It's amazing, Sir!" he said, way too excitedly. 

"How is it amazing that millions of dollars worth of technology was destroyed? How is it amazing that, despite my orders, you have made NO progress in improving your cheaply built piles of shit? How is it amazing that you're about to be missing one chunk of ass?" He began to unravel the length of chain from around his shoulder.

"This woman is what's amazing!" Engineer said, ignoring the threats in his excitement. "She managed to take out five BioB0ts by herself. It took five Corps members to do that, and only three came out uninjured."

Trapjaw reconsidered maiming Engineer. He was right; whatever this woman was capable of was seemingly superior to anything the Corps could do. 

"Is this why you wanted that slut I fucked?" Trapjaw asked, suddenly recognizing the woman.

"Yes, Sir, and I think it was a resounding success." 

"Will she be any more trouble?" Trapjaw asked, looking the girl over. She had some sort of metal contraption on her back that resembled a small backpack. It was round and fit snuggly between her shoulder blades. There were no visible attachments; it seemed part of her body. From the top of the pack, a flexible metal rod followed her neck upward until it disappeared into her hairline. 

"No, Sir, her mind's been modified in a similar manner as the BioB0ts. She's compliant." 

"And powerful...make sure you keep a close eye on her. Get her a uniform, get her equipment, and get her prepared for duty. My mole in the Corps tells me that that they're planning to retaliate."

"What do you want to do about the Bio-B0ts? I won't be able to produce more without more materials. What Sydney gave me was only enough for ten." 

"I've got you your material, Engineer. You're to build an army. All the shortcomings of the Bio-B0ts should be eliminated through sheer numbers." 

"Excellent!" Engineer was excited to put his assembly line to the ultimate test. "When do you need this done?"

"Now, Engineer. My source says they plan on attacking tomorrow, I want to be ready."

"Now it is. Bio On3, get Melody prepared for tomorrow."

"Why isn't Miss. White doing that?" Trapjaw asked. Now that he thought about it, he hadn't seen Miss. White since M1mic took Sydney's place. 

"Miss. White is handling M1mic." Engineer said distractedly. His mind was focused on the task at hand.

Instead of answering, Trapjaw stormed out of the room. Miss. White had left without even telling him. That was fine, he didn't need her anyway. She was useless unless she was fucking him or tracking down enemies. Maybe some time away from him would be good. Her constant moping whenever he screwed another woman was getting old. If she wanted him to love her, she was a fool, Trapjaw loved no one but himself and power. 

As he walked, Trapjaw pushed Miss. White out of his mind, and focused on the upcoming defense. He wasn't worried, there were eleven members of the Corps, and he would soon have an army of killer robots at his disposal. 

"Don't forget about meee....." the voice came out of nowhere, but Trapjaw was used to it.

"Of course I won't." Trapjaw assured it, "As soon as the Corps is distracted, I will free you."

"Gooooood...your loyalty will be rewarded..." 

"I have every faith it will be." Trapjaw said as he neared his office, And if not, I have my own ways of getting what I want, Trapjaw thought. 

***********************************************

Miss. White stood to the right of M1mic as it finalized the latest in a slew of business deals that had been orchestrated by Trapjaw. The men seated across from them shook M1mic's hand and left with their wallets a little fatter then when they arrived.

Sydney Enterprises was slowly eating up businesses across the nation. The whole setup was highly illegal, but there were a dozen safeguards in place to ensure that nothing traced back to Trapjaw. One of these safeguards was sitting right next to her. M1mic could be easily disposed of, and anyone following the trail of corruption would hit a brick wall with him. 

It wasn't even about the money. Trapjaw had bigger plans and a million different ways to achieve them. The only thing standing in his way right now was the Corps, and Miss. White was going to stay right where she was until he stopped ranting and raving about how terrible the Corps was. She understood after the first fifty times she'd heard his tirade. 

Yep. She was going to stay right here at Sydney Enterprises HQ in Nashville, Tennessee. The weather was fine; the fighting was miles away; and the view wasn't bad either. 

Before he was replaced, Sydney had been quite handsome; a little clean cut and proper, but still sexy in his own right. Now M1mic was in his place, and just as handsome; and now he was available. 

"Is that all we have for the day, Miss. White?" M1mic asked in his expressionless speech.

"Yes, M1mic. You did very well." Miss. White responded, wishing that it, would act a little more human around her. 

"Excellent. Shall I retire?" 

"Sure...let's g..." *knock knock* "Who could that be?" Miss. White rolled her eyes as she opened the door. 

A young, blond secretary stood in front of her, wearing a prim pants suit and her hair in a tight bun. "A message from Mr. Trapjaw." She said quietly and then held out a small piece of paper in a trembling hand. Apparently the fact that Miss. White had a temper had reached the interns.

She snatched the paper from the blonde's hand and said sharply, "Leave." before slamming the door in her face. 

The message was short; Trapjaw was commanding her to return to Ark Chemicals to prepare for some attack.

After reading the message Miss. White let out an exasperated scream and crumpled it up before throwing it across the room where it hit M1mic's chest and bounced onto the table. The robot did nothing, and just stared straight ahead, awaiting orders.

"Fuck! Him!" she shouted and stomped the ground with her foot like a grounded preteen. 

"Is there anything I can do to help?" M1mic asked.

She looked at the robot with anger in her eyes; anger from being ordered around and anger for having to put her life on the line for a man who couldn't care less about her. She had given him her heart time and time again only to have it trampled on by that...monster. Well he might be able to order her back to Dallas, but she sure as hell wasn't going to spend her last peaceful night sulking around.

"Actually there is something you can do for me...Sydney." She said, a strange smile playing at the corners of her mouth. 

"Anything, Miss. White." 

She turned abruptly, and walked to the door and locked it with an audible *click*. Sydney could suck it as far as she was concerned. He could fuck whoever he wanted...rape whoever he wanted...and she would do the same. 

"M1mic," she said after turning around, "I want you to fuck me." 

"Miss. White?" 

To make herself clear, Miss. White began unbuttoning her black blouse, quickly shedding the garment before sweeping off her skirt and panties in one movement. After almost ripping her bra off in her haste, Miss. White stood before M1mic completely naked.

The robot did not respond, only stared straight at her standing before him. Miss. White had never had a man do that before; when she got naked, it wasn't long before someone was buried balls-deep in her. 

She arched an eyebrow, "M1mic?" 

"Yes, Miss. White." He said.

"Fuck. Me." She punctuated, walking to the table and pushing his chair from it before straddling him. 

"I...I don't understand." He said even as Miss. White ground her hips against his, rubbing her sex against his pants while at the same time unbuttoning his shirt.

There was still no sign of his arousal beneath her and she was starting to lose the initial arousal that the mere thought of getting fucked had brought her. After she reached the last button on his shirt an idea came to her. 

"Sydney," she said, sliding her hands over the leanly muscled torso of Sydney Morrison's double and pushing his shirt off his shoulders, "fuck me." 

Immediately she felt the presence of a growing cock beneath her, "Of course, Miss. White." 

She squealed as inhumanly strong hands lifted her from his lap and placed her on the wooden table, allowing her legs to dangle over the side. Her plan had worked; while M1mic the BioB0t would and could do nothing as primal as fucking, Sydney was more than capable. She leaned back on her elbows as the man before her shrugged his shirt off his arms. His torso was long and lean, but his abdominals and pictorials were well-defined. Besides the smooth skin without a trace of hair, Sydney's body reminded her of Trapjaw's; lean but strong. She had only a few seconds to admire the view before he knelt before her and shoved her legs apart. 

Before she could even cry out, she felt a tongue lick its way insistently along the slit of her cunt and circle her clit all in one smooth motion. Miss. White let her head fall back while M1mic continued his efforts. She had commanded him to fuck her and that meant all she had to do was enjoy the ride.

As M1mic licked her pussy lips, he thumbed her clit. A rush of moisture escaped her and Miss. White could feel him lap it up. 

"Make me come." She hissed before crying out as M1mic plunged not one but three fingers into her heat. "Oh, yes!" she called out after he began stroking the upper wall of her cunt. 

More moisture gushed around his fingers, and again his tongue was there to lick it up before it dripped to the floor. A few years before meeting Trapjaw, Miss. White's current lover had taught her how to ejaculate and ever since she could find no satisfaction until she achieved vaginal orgasm. M1mic was well on his way to achieving this goal for her and she could feel her g-spot swell in preparation when he suddenly stopped all movement. 

Slowly Miss. White began slipping from the peak of orgasm she had almost reached, "Don't stop!" she panted. 

"Just relax, Miss. White." Sydney said and began his efforts anew. 

Instead of protesting his defiance she relaxed as he instructed while he brought her back to the peak...only to stop again right before she fell over the edge. 

"Syd..." she started.

"Shh." He said and started again, this time sucking her clit into his mouth, adding yet another dimension of pleasure. 

He continued the sensuous torture a number of times more. After the third round or so moisture began leaking from her cunt in copious amounts, faster than M1mic could lap it up so that it made audible *splats* as it hit the floor. A few more round later and she could no longer stand the torture.

"Sydney...please...I...need...to...coooOOOOME"

What had started out as a plea for release ended in a scream of pure ecstasy as he finally let her orgasm. Her vision blurred and her throat became hoarse as she screamed her way through the orgasm. Behind the pleasure she was slightly aware of the fact that streams of cum were squirting out of her cunt in an amount she had never experienced before. After what seemed like ages her vision began to clear and she collapsed against the table, exhausted from the tumultuous orgasm she had just experienced. Even then, small spasms would jolt through her body and small squirts of cum would slide down her cunt. 

"Was that good, Miss. White?" a voice asked through the fog of post-best-orgasm-ever.

"Good? What? Yes!" she panted, lifting her head to see that the now-naked M1mic/Sydney's torso was drenched in what could only be her cum. "Wow." Was all she said. 

"We aren't through. I have yet to fuck you, Miss. White." 

Well, she thought, orders are orders. 

A spear of hot flesh was suddenly plunged into her oversensitive cunt and rough hands grabbed her thighs and she cried out in a perfect mixture of pain and pleasure. 
