 The end of the world as we knew it, started with a sank.

Hardly poetic, but there it is. I suppose one day, someone may care about how things changed, I guess that's what prompts me to put digital pen to paper. Right now the world seems a little distracted, but I am assured things will become more normal. Or at least a new normality will be established. 

I still don't know if I am responsible for unleashing a great good, or a great evil upon the world. Time will tell.

So back to the beginning of this time I guess.

I'm Steve. An unremarkable guy, in an unremarkable job, living an remarkable life. At least I used to. 

It started one typical weekend in August. My fiancé, Kylie was overseas visiting her family and after indulging in a brief binge of pizza and beer, I had done what every red blooded man deprived of his special someone's warm embrace does in such a circumstance. I masturbated like crazy.

Now, my chosen place of solitude for the dirty deed was typically in bed. Normally, when Kylie was around, the large window in the ceiling remained tightly closed, but in her absence, I found I enjoyed the gentle rhythm of the street outside and I had taken to lying on my back, feeling the wind waft against me as I drifted off to sleep, most often cock in hand. 

One Sunday evening, I had retired for the evening and had dropped into that in-between state between deep sleep and light doze. I recall I was enjoying a feverish fantasy about my friend and colleague from work Nicole, when a deafening crack of thunder sounded from directly overhead. The walls shock and woke up violently in time to hear the thick smattering of rain against the window above me. 

Now, the sound of rain on glass is something I have always found deeply relaxing. I recall sitting up briefly, and glancing at the window that remained ajar above me. Nothing. No sign of water leaking in. Go back to sleep.

I remember grabbing my semi-hard penis in one hand and rolling back into a half slumber. 

I remember fantasising about Nicole's firm round ass and cumming into my balled up underwear, cock pulsing as I shot my load into my hand. 

I vaguely remember collapsing back onto the bed in a stupefied slumber.

I certainly don't recall feeling anything as an 8 inch long segmented worm slithered through the cracked window to land soundlessly on my bed.

Now I'm told our Guests have incredibly subtle biochemical control and can rapidly alter normal human behaviour. I'm told they are more than capable even outside a host of rendering an adult unconscious. All that being true, as patient zero, I can say with some degree of certainty, that I wish our fist contact with an alien species had been a little less... Traumatic.

Here's what I've pieced together about those first few minutes. Our Guests feed off DNA. And the precise moment the envoy of our new extraterrestrial visitation had entered my room I had just whipped up some breakfast.

Now, let's assume you don't know what a Guest looks like. A deep blood red worm, 8 inches long but less than ¼ inch wide, segmented into three with an eyeless wedge at one end. the entire body covered in tiny hairs called cilia.

Imagine this creature sliding unannounced between your sheets, following the strong aroma of fresh semen. Let's assume our visitor investigates and feeds off the fresh deposit, but, unsated, follows the chemical trail back to the point of origin. My flaccid cock.

It's at about this point that my conscious recollections of the incident enter the narrative once more.

I awoke in darkness. 

I was aware the sound of rain had stopped and the brief thunderstorm seemed to have passed. I was also aware my cock was rock hard, and yet felt strangely relaxed. I could swear I felt my penis twitch without my conscious control.

My hand lazily crept over the engorged length of my cock, which felt unfeasibly hard in my hand. I felt my cock twitch once again. Something was not right.

I flicked on bedside light and pulled back the covers with a speed driven by unreasoning terror. 

My cock swelled huge and flushed, rigid against my stomach. Wiggling through the eye of my penis was a deep red worm. The worm had entered about half the length of my cock, leaving two thirds of its length twisting madly as it bunched and contracted its way inside me. As visually confronting as this was, there was no pain initially. The creature was covered in a thin skin of mucus acting as both lubricant and anaesthetic. Not to mention this film contained a potent cocktail of alien hormones designed to facilitate it's transition into the host.

I screamed in horror and desperately grabbed the length of worm, which still hung obscenely wigging from the end of my cock. I pulled. Not the smartest thing to do, in retrospect. Now there was pain. Pain like I could not imagine as the tiny cilia that covered the creature dug into my urethra, preventing its extraction.

The slimy body I had purchase of, separated at the segments and I flung them from the bed in disgust before watching in horror as the small wedge shaped bump of the remainder of the body and the worms head, moved obscenely up the shaft of my penis.

Now I could feel it. 

A creeping pressure moving up the canal of my hugely swollen member, forcing its body with tiny contractions further inside me. With one final push I felt it swell inside my groin and I briefly passed out.

I woke. Seconds, maybe minutes? Impossible to say. but I immediately noticed I had no control of my body. I could feel. I could feel the sheets against my skin, the pillow against my head but I couldn't move a muscle.

"This may be a little unpleasant."

The voice echoed in my mind mutely.

What may be unpleasant, I soundlessly screamed, but I'm told all I managed to communicate was a feeling of confusion. 

I'm not entirely sure I believe that.

I was aware of two tickling sensations, as if my skin was lightly being traced by a fingernail. These sensations moved gently up my legs, before separating, one sensation tracking towards my head, the other moving beneath my trousers and across my groin. 

I tried with everything I had to scream. All I could manage was a slight sigh. The segment of worm poised above my mouth took this as all the invitation it required to slide into my parted mouth and force it's way down my throat. It's twin pushed against the tightly puckered sphincter of my ass before forcing its way inside me.

"Almost complete."

The disembodied voice echoed through my mind as I lost consciousness a second time.

I awoke feeling clear headed and energetic the next morning. After a frenzied inspection of my body and bed, the area yielded no evidence of the nights activities and I convinced myself the traumatic nocturnal activities had been the product of a sustained period of abstinence and one two many cheese slices before bedtime.

I'm almost 40 but had let myself go in recent years. The man who stared back at me in the mirror after my morning shower had not let himself go. My body was firm and tight, with well-defined muscles bulging. My face looked tighter, the lines sharper and my hair, always thick was a glossy, luxurious black. My cock throbbed and I felt and saw the head of my penis pulse.

"What the fuck is going on!" I said.

At first glance it was not my cock that drew attention. It was my balls. They seemed bigger, almost engorged and were extremely sensitive to touch. My cock felt... strange, more flexible somehow. And if I concentrated... no, it was gone. For an instant, I swear my dick curled in a way no dick should.

"I have made some slight improvements, you will prove much more capable now I think, my host, should you choose to accept me."

'"Holy fucking Christ!" I shouted, and bolted from the room. 

I moved like lightening, effortlessly and soundlessly bounding off the wall to land poised on my feet.

"Is this normal for your kind, or is this an individual peculiarity of yours?"

"Fuck me!" I yelled, spinning far less gracefully now in bumbling confusion. The voice seemed to pulse, from testicles up my spine in wave of sensation, not unpleasant, simply profoundly unique. The sensation blossomed into words in my mind. They sounded distinctly feminine. 

"You're inside me?"

Again the gentle pulse. 

"Yes."

'You're in my fucking balls?' I said disbelievingly.

"And in other places."

"I've got to get you out."

Reason was not my strong point at that time. I started heading for the kitchen, looking for something, anything, small and sharp with which to perform ad-hoc surgery. 

"Part of me is in your brain as well you know. To kill me you'd have to kill yourself."

The voice seemed almost amused.

"Before you do anything rash, you should know if you wish me to depart, you have but to ask. You are my host and I am your Guest. But I have just arrived after a long journey and all I ask is that you consider my friendship. You will find I have much to offer. You will never have cancer. You are fitter and stronger. You are immune to disease and have complete control of your reproductive system. Your cell structure has also been subtly altered and you will find your senses sharper than ever before. I have metabolised your excess energy stores and converted them into cell structures more... appealing."

"But first all I ask is that you stop for a moment and breath."

I paused and inhaled deeply. The world was full of strange perfume. I was almost overcome an incredibly fragrance wafted past my nostrils. It was subtle and full, I could read it like a signature. Kylie. Without thinking I became the kind of man I had previously held in scorn. I rifled quickly through the dirty washing and found an unwashed pair of Kylie's panties. 

I breathed in deeply. I could tell she was half way through her cycle. I could tell she was slightly dehydrated and would find a certain combination of scents appealing. I could sense she was feeling sad. 

I found myself nose deep in my fiancé's underwear wondering at the world.

I was also suddenly incredibly, unbelievably horny.

"This really isn't normal behaviour is it? I'm trying to understand the social norms. You are the first of your species to Host us."

The voice seemed almost nervous. 

"It is considered a great honour among my kind to be the first."

I ignored the question for the moment. I had a fundamental to address.

"All right, you say, you'll go if I ask?" I addressed the voice directly.

"You don't really need to speak out loud you know."

Okay, I concentrated on mentally forming. You'll go if I ask.

"Yes. I will be shamed, but there is no greater shame than sharing a Host against their will."

I glanced down at my newly muscular body, my erection pulsing against my rock hard stomach and glanced at my watch. Oh shit. 20 minutes late for work.

Now I work at an office. Mid range, a consultancy deal, we sell 'expertise'. In my case, project management. Generally high stress, and not the kind of place one can slip in 20 minutes late and not be noticed.

I bolted into my suit, making the tactically unwise decision of procrastinating on the issue of my newly acquired visitor and struggled with the problem at hand, in this case my cufflinks.

I jogged from our house to the train station, covering the ground at a remarkable pace and barely loosing breath before just making it onto a thankfully late and semi-empty train. 

Within the confines of the train carriage, the smells and sights were overwhelming. I slumped in my seat and pretended to nap as wave after wave of scent hit me. I could smell the chemical signature of every passenger. Even stranger, I could immediately discern the idea of an aroma, a scent that would create sexual arousal.

The middle aged women in the overcoat opposite me, loved the scent of vanilla and her first boyfriends sweat on a hot summer day. The elderly lady in the back corner, the smell of an older boy's cum on her pubescent tits and the leather of his dad's car. The young man in a tradesman outfit standing near the door, the smell of his older sisters gym clothes. 

As I absorbed these chemical emails, I noticed my body was analysing the incoming information and responding. I could feel the skin in my armpits and around my ass tingle.

"Be careful. Exercise restraint particularly among crowds and when unpractised."

Why, what is happening?

"You body is now adapted to produce a musk that will encourage and heighten the arousal of others. It is more potent when adapted to a single individual, and may have mixed results when used on others more generally."

You mean I can turn people on?

"Yes. You cannot compel them, but you can certainly provide assistance to bring them to a state of arousal. Prolonged contact will allow for greater refinement."

This should be interesting. I remained slumped in the train for the remainder of the trip. Just as I approached my stop, I stood and approached the doors, tripping for moment of the out flung leg of young red head in a suit. For a second I instinctively squeezed and felt newly opened pours in my armpits and ass pucker briefly open, secreting a fine sweat. 

The doors beeped open and I exited the train. I glanced back and the elderly lady was sneezing uncontrollably in the corner. The red head was staring at me with a fixed seductive stare as the train pulled away.

That day I was at a hot desk next to none other than Nicole, my favourite off-hours fantasy. Nicole was what I suppose most people would call slightly plain. She was in her mid 30's, with a teenage daughter and had a slightly heavy, woman's body, with broad hips and waste. She'd been on a health and diet regime recently and her body had toned, but she still showed the slight promise of middle age. She also shared my child like sense of humour and had a wicked dirty streak. I found her immensely attractive. Her eyes were unusual, one blue and one green, a feature few noticed at first glance.

The glance she gave me as I said good morning and logged on was I look that today was not the day for slacking off. She did a slight double take.

"You need a new suit, that one's too tight in some interesting places."

She said before blushing slightly as she realised the accidental connotations. With a wicked laugh she turned back to her desk and plugged in her headphones.

I soon discovered why. A project had gotten into trouble and my team was in damage control mode. Needless to say the day did not go well. I found myself distracted by the constant bombardment of scents amplified by the open plan setting of the office. 

I could smell sadness and anxiety from Amanda, who sat behind me. I could smell Chris, the new grad managed to score sex with his girlfriend this very morning and was feeling rather good about himself. Little glimpses of another world hidden behind a screen of important phone calls and more important meetings. Most of all I was aware of Nicole next to me. We shared an occasional joke or sly quip throughout the day and it seemed we occasionally brushed past each other more than was entirely normal.

My newfound friend stayed silent. Occasionally I would feel a wave of some subtle emotion emanate from my testicles - shock after witnessing the process of ablution, humour at occasional simple joke she understood. For some reason, it now felt like a she.

I retreated behind the isolation of my headphones and a report and the afternoon blurred into the evening. I was startled when I was tapped on the shoulder by the cleaners who waved as they finished their rounds and glanced up to find the office empty except for Nicole who was engrossed in her work on her chair beside me.

I glanced at Nicolle, slumped against her desk. I'd always found her attractive. With my new senses, she was stunning. I realised my glance had turned into a stare and I also realised I had relaxed all control of my new scent glands. I felt a strange oily sweat form. 

Nicole's nostrils flared slightly as she inhaled, a slight woody fragrance filling the air to my nose. She glanced up at me and caught my prolonged, speculative stare. 

"What are you staring at fuck face?"

We had a healthy working relationship, founded on mutual abuse. 

"Do you smell... co." She corrected her self with a blush.

"Are you wearing a different cologne?"

I smelt her pussy flood with moisture in that instant. She maintained absolute outward control, but I could smell the deep womanly scent of her arousal. Her skin responded flushing slightly pink and I realised I could hear her heart rate accelerate.

The smell of her pussy exploded through my body and I felt my cock immediately respond. Almost instantly my cock become rigid and bulging against my trouser leg. I felt something stir deep in my balls.

I shifted uncomfortably, awkwardly aware of just how obvious my erection was. Nicole's eyes drifted down and fixed pointedly on my obvious bulge. 

"Having a bit of a problem down there are we?" She said with a slight giggle. 

'God I'm so sorry.' I stuttered turning away awkwardly.

I heard her rise from her chair and I felt her breath against my ear. 

"Nobody needs to know." she whispered.

I turned to face her.

She was on me a second. Her mouth locked to me, her tongue pushing desperately against mine. From her saliva I instantly gleaned her ideal penis size and shape. Apparently she liked them big. 

Not much I could do about that really, I thought to myself.

"Oh you'd be surprised." 

The voice welled dryly with a feminine chuckle.

I felt my testicles stir once more and felt my cock expand and broaden against the waste line of my underwear. 

"Oh Jesus, get them I off!" I yelled, and Nicolle leaped from me in momentary shock before collapsing in laughter as I frantically removed my trousers and tore my underwear from my still expanding cock.

Her laughter stopped when she saw me a second later.

'Oh fuck you have a nice dick,' she purred as she slinked towards me. 'Why don't you sit back in that chair and let me take care of that'.

I slumped back into my office chair, with a look of amazement on my face. I'm sure Nicole thought I was amazed by her sudden sexual aggressiveness but the true point of note for me was the fact that my cock had grown two inches in length and one in girth.

Nicole approached oblivious to the vintage of my new appendage and kissed me passionately once more while her hand worked up and down my cock. It quivered against her cupped palm.

She dropped to her knees on the carpet, took my dick into her hands, looked almost reverently at it for a second before stretching her mouth wide and lowering her head.

I felt her tongue instantly swirl around the eye of my penis and in that instant I knew any semblance of self-control for me was shot to hell. The sensation was indescribable, twenty times more intense then any blowjob I had ever experienced.

I immediately ejaculated.

I felt my testicles contract and my cock pulsed once and shot a jet of thick, ropey white cum into Nicole's mouth. She wasn't expecting me to cum so soon and looked momentarily disappointed before licking her lips and tasting the small gobbet that dangled lewdly from her mouth.

"Oh my god you taste amazing. I didn't know it could taste like this."

She looked at my engorged cock.

"Are you done, or is there more?" 

She looked at me hopefully and stared meaningfully at my dick.

'Well don't stop on my account honey," I replied, "I am still open for business."

"Really?" she said, staring at the hugely engorged length of my cock. 

A greedy gleam sprang into those gorgeous multicoloured eyes.

"I'd like to make a withdrawal." She purred before engulfing her lips around my pulsing shaft. Her head pumped up and down with a new urgency as she desperately sought to coax another orgasm from me. 
