 In the city of Severn, a cloud of fear hovers over every living creature, and the ability of making it through the day are desired by all who are innocent. There is one being who lives in the shadows that stands up to protect those who are innocent. A celestial being, half human, half bird, commonly referred to as an angel, but better known around the neighborhood as The Guardian. His name is Chadrick Karson. During the day, he walks the streets of Severn as a homeless man, finding recyclables to put into his shopping cart he pushes around. By night, he removes the restraints from under his jacket that keep his wings wrapped around his body, spreads them wide, and flies into the night sky, patrolling the streets with his watchful, expressionless eyes.

Since the night his father was kidnapped and murdered, there is a failure that he has had to live with for the past three years. His failure to save his father haunts him whenever he closes his eyes. Since that night, all that remains on his face is a cold, hard expression. He lost his smile that night.

Dropped from the sky and onto the doorstep of a widowed farmer named Alan Karson, Chadrick learned a great deal from his new father. Lessons about life and love resulting in this extraordinary creature who stands for honesty, integrity, and decency, but with a secret darkness that's pacing inside him like a lion in his cage.

There is a craving inside of him that needs to be satisfied. It's a thirst for lust; the desire for, rough, sweaty, passionate animalistic sex with someone who was just as hungry as he is. He wants it. He wants it real bad. Whatever action he takes, he does it with the right intentions and not his own selfish one, but still, he wants it bad, he wants it real bad. 

Soaring through the sky with the cool breeze rushing across his face, the wind whirling under his wings, he scans the streets for anything that is disturbing the peace. Although sometimes when he is flying through the sky, he loses his focus. Flying is his ecstasy. It was something he could get enough of. No matter how much life wreaks havoc on his soul, he clears his mind, clears all of his thoughts and becomes completely weightless when he is in the only place the feels like home, the sky. 

As he ascends higher and higher towards the heavens, his nirvana abruptly shatters as he hears the shriek from a woman below. Chadrick curtails his wings and pierces the sky as he shoots down towards the street like a bullet. Slowing down to assess the situation, he flies high above the woman and what looks to be a mugger, and notices them both run into a dark alley. 

He peers down at them both and matches their pace until he sees the hand of that mugger wrap around the neck of that woman. He drops from the sky, landing softly and gracefully onto the ground, and tears the mugger off of her. He pulls the mugger's forearm into his body, exposing his forearm to him, and drives his elbow on top of it, shattering both the ulna and the radius, then tosses him aside.

After a few minutes of rolling and writhing in pain, the mugger got to his feet and ran away, leaving Chadrick and an angelic blonde beauty, fixated on each others' eyes.

The woman walks towards Chadrick hesitantly. Taking her time with each step as if she's assessing the pros and cons of every step that draws her nearer to him. Sensing her fear, he tilts his head, trying to reaffix his dark brown eyes with her soft blue ones. 

He asks her, "What is you name?" 

"Anya" she whispers softly. "And yours?" 

"Chadrick," he says back.

"Chadrick" she says under her breath, smiling.

Anya wraps her arms around his neck and whispers in his ear, "Please take me home". 

Chadrick slides his arms behind her back and beneath her knees, holding her close against his broad chest. 

"Hold on," he says, as he gazes deep into her eyes.

As he expands his wings, he beats them vigorously, creating a powerful WOOSH under his wings like a sword piercing the air. Carrying Anya off into the clear night sky, he feels her grip grow tighter and tighter the higher he lifts her up. Once steadying himself, she loosens her grip and grows more comfortable in his arms while nuzzling his neck and twirling the hair on the back of his head as they both weave through the clear night sky. Chadrick peers down over Anya unsuspectingly, as he begins to feel the muscles in his cheeks about to pull his lips, as if wanting to crack a smile, but it stops just moments after it begins to start. 

Flying high through the sky, through the cool, calm night, the stars sparkling bright over them both, Chadrick cradles her close to him. She stares at him in wonder. Asking herself over and over again, How could this possibly be real? The both slowly begin to descend onto the balcony of Anya's condo suite outside of her bedroom. He plants both feet on her balcony floor and slowly lowers her down until her feet touch the floor as well. They both gaze into each other's eyes as he begins to back away from her. He feels her fingers graze across his arm until he is out of her reach. Chadrick quickly turns around and he leaps onto the balcony railing about to leap into the sky and leave until he feels her soft slender hands on his wrist. 

"Please don't go," she says softly. She takes his hand with of hers and guides him into her bedroom. 

Anya runs her fingers over his bare chest and whispers, "I want to thank you for rescuing me." 

"You are very welcome, I am here to serve and protect you all" Chadrick says. 

"And it is my duty to thank my hero," Anya replies with a grin.

Inching up towards him, getting on her tip toes, she softly kisses his lower lip, sliding her tongue inside his mouth, wrapping her arms around his neck. Chadrick, resting his hands across her hips, gently rolls his tongue around hers, pulling Anya close against him, rubbing his chest up against her breasts as they both get lost in each other's embrace. She responds by sucking softly on Chadrick's tongue as he lovingly kisses her upper lip. Seconds turn to minutes, and minutes turn into more minutes, both of them wanting more with each passing second. Their hungers are insatiable. Suddenly heopens his eyelids and reveals the blaze in his deep brown eyes. This is his woman he's been waiting for.

Wrapping his fingers around Anya's shoulders, He pushes her against the wall. She whimpers softly as their lips break apart. Chadrick gazes back at her fanatical eyes and immediately presses his body against to hers. He tucks her silky red hair behind her ear with his right hand and catches a glimpse of her warm hazelnut eyes. Parting his lips, he leans in closer and closer and closer until his lips finally touch hers once more. 

Chadrick kisses her harder and deeper with each passing second. Extending his tongue from his mouth, he slides it across her lips and into her mouth, searching for her tongue. Anya moans as she feels it swirl around hers, kissing him back just as hard.

For so long he has had to control his urges to be the honorable hero that his parents raised him to be. To be someone who stands for honesty, integrity and decency. He has not failed to be that kind of man yet, and he isn't going to tonight. He has saved many lives, several of them have been women, but none have exhibited the confidence and courage that Anya did tonight. Also, he just knew this was right. He had the ability to look into the eyes of a man or a beast and just know how he or she or it was feeling. Every chance he got, he looked deep into those twinkling brown eyes of hers and knew that this was right and nothing in the world can ever make this wrong.

Chadrick picks up Anya and knocks her against the wall pinning her there. They both keep kissing, neither wanting their lips to part from one anothers'. Anya wraps her legs around his waist and tangles her fingers in his hair, gripping it tightly as they kiss. He presses his bare chest against Anya's covered breasts. He frantically pulls the straps of her dress down her shoulders. Anya worms her body against him and the wall to let her dress fall to her waist, never letting her lips break away from his. He growls over her lips as he feels her warm skin pressing against his, her hard nipples grazing against his chest, sending shivers throughout his body, making tongue move with more desperation inside Anya's mouth, their kisses becoming deeper, more passionate. He loves this, but he wants more.

Chadrick quickly breaks the kiss and lifts Anya onto his shoulders. They both anxiously take her panties off. He slides both hands over her smooth round ass, squeezes firmly, and lifts her up. Anya then pushes her panties down her legs with ease and tosses them away. He pulls her back down on his shoulders. He waits a moment and takes in her scent. Her scent causes him to salivate and make his mind go wild. He's always a patient man throughout his life in every situation that called for it. This didn't. Chadrick pulls Anya to his face. He dives his tongue between her lips, flicking his tongue along her slit. He swirls and darts his tongue all around her folds, making his tongue slither deeper and deeper in her, loving the way she tastes, hungrily lapping up her juices. Anya shivers, writhes, and moans in pleasure over him. She softly crosses her legs behind Chadrick's neck, keeping him where he is.

Slowing down, Chadrick loosens his grip and Anya responds the same way. He holds her hips as she lowers down to the ground. Immediately after Anya's feet touch the ground, she tip toes up to him to kiss him once more. As they kiss, Anya pulls him to the middle of the room. She softly presses her lips over his lower lip, softly moaning into his mouth. She then moves down to the soft carpeting of the bedroom floor. Chadrick follows, not wanting to separate from her for one moment. He unbuckles his belt, unbuttons his pants and begins pushing them down legs. Anya reaches down to push his pants down as well. Their kisses begin to grow faster, deeper, hungrier, as the two anxiously await to become one. 

Chadrick kicks his pants away, finally freeing himself from the restraints. He shifts his hips and softly grazes the tip of his cock over her throbbing pussy lips. He raises his head and breaks the kiss, letting out a soft grunt. Anya moans as she feels him rub against her. Chadrick gazes into her eyes, watching them twinkle as she looks into his blazing brown irises. She knows what he wants and that he can't wait any longer. 

Chadrick reaches up and grabs hold of her slightly moist brown hair. The heat grows between them. He grips Anya's hair tightly, never looking away from her eyes, he slams his cock into her in one quick motion, pushing past her folds and burying himself deep inside of her. Anya arches her back and lets out a loud moan, almost a scream, as feels his hips smack into hers and every inch of his cock deep inside her. He moves back slowly until the tip alone is in her, and then slams into her again, another hard grunt forcing its way out of Chadrick and a louder cry from Anya. He begins moving back and forth, faster and faster. He moves his hands up and down her body, running it up her stomach and over her breasts, squeezing them as he thrusts harder and deeper. This is the moment he's been waiting for for far too long. Now it's time to take her to the place where he calls home. 

Moving his hips slower and slowly, Chadrick wraps his arms around Anya. 

Anya looks up at him as he whispers over her lips, "Hold on."

She reaches up and grabs onto his neck and wraps her legs around his waist tightly, keeping his cock inside her. Chadrick stretches his wings, flaps them hard, and flies out the door with Anya and into the sky. He looks down at her and she returns a smile to him. Anya knew that she was safe in his arms. They both soar into the black velvet sky as Chadrick begins moving his hips once again.

"Yes!" Anya moans out to him, and that was enough to light a fuse Chadrick didn't know he had. As he holds Anya under him, he all of sudden flips them both over, now Anya on top and Chadrick on the bottom. She puts her hands on his chest and begins to ride his cock. Chadrick slides his hand up his legs and over her her ass. He rubs it round and around softly before raising it up and swiftly planting the palm of his hand onto her soft flesh. 

"OH!" she cries as she felt his hand smack. She looks down at him with her startled eyes. She didn't know he had that in him. Chadrick looks back up at her. He bends up and takes a nipple into his mouth. He teases it between his teeth, flicking his tongue over her nipple. Again, she feels another smack land on her ass, making her bounce on his cock faster. Chadrick responds to her by thrusting up to meet her hips. Never stopping, it was one hand, then the other, one cheek, then the other. His mouth, his hands, his cock. They were all simultaneously driving her wild. Where did this come from Anya wondered. But she didn't care. She loved it. She didn't want him to stop.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she screams into the sky.

Flying over streets and homes, parks and playground, downtown Severn, zig-zagging past skyscrapers all around the them, Chadrick knew it was time to turn back. He carries Anya out to the ocean as he continues moves his hips relentlessly, feeling Anya squeezing him tight inside her. She was close and so was he. As his grunts started turning into groans and her whimpers started turning into moans, the both arch their backs violently as they climax with each other. Anya collapses over Chadrick but he collapses as well. His wings stop moving and they begin to tailspin. Quickly he composes himself and gets back into control, flapping his wings furiously and holding her tightly as they both fly back high into the sky. 

Anya looks up at Chadrick and sees him looking down at her, both gasping, but she still the only one of the two smiling. As they near her home, they both engage each other softly with a sweet, sensual embrace under the stars, soft kiss over each other's lips as they descend lower and lower onto the balcony below. He lands softly on the balcony floor lets her go slowly until her feet are on the floor as well. They both part without words. He puts on his pants and looks at Anya one last time. Chadrick brushes the hair away from her glowing face and tucks it behind her ear. She takes his hand and smiles up him, he just stares. It was time for him to go. He walks away, not wanting to let go. His grip was tight, but loose enough to let her fingers slip from his grasp. He hops up onto the balcony railing, takes one more look back at her, and then jumps into the sky, leaving Anya standing there to watch him leave. He flies high to the stars and after being out of sight, Anya walks into her bedroom, not realizing that she cracked a small, warm grin on his face at this very moment.