 Chapter 8 - Finale

Tolan served the women more drinks and a light evening meal as they sat in the airy, wood-panelled lounge. Lonna had him stop in front of her so she could admire his perfect, hard bottom, squeeze his balls and brush her finger past his anus. Lonna had submitted to both domwives in the household all day, and she was craving a man to dominate. Kel caught her eye, made a silent promise that she could have him later. On the floor, Alexi ate from a bowl on all-fours. Once he was done he sniffed the feet of the four women at the table, then sucked on Kel's toes.

"That was an excellent meal, Tolan. You're a good slave," said Ava. 

"Thank you, Miss Ava," replied Tolan, bowing. 

Tolan busied himself clearing plates and cleaning up after the women. Ava leashed Alexi to an eyebolt in the wooden floor, locking her chained pet in place. All four women made their way upstairs to Kel's spacious white-tiled bathroom, where they took a bath together. Ava liked to wash Lonna, enjoyed feeling her hands release the tension in the little subwife's body. Kel soaped and rinsed Sonare in much the same way. It was important for a domwife that their subwife should feel looked after, safe. 

Sonare spoke to Ava, "Tell me, why doesn't Alexi have a tail yet?"

"We've been waiting for the right time. And I don't know, we've been using him as a service slave occasionally - you know, walking and talking. I just wasn't sure if the permanent tail would look right."

Sonare was an acknowledged expert on the animalification of males. She had published on the subject. Sucking in her breath, she asked if she could see Alexi's original assessment. Ava pinged it over to her wrist computer. 

"He's not really service slave material, to be honest, miss."

"What do you mean, Sonare?"

Sonare moved round in the spacious bath so that Kel could hold her while she spoke. "Well, I'm sure he's devoted enough to you that he serves ably when you make him walk and talk like a service slave, but in truth, he's a pet- and pony- male through and through. It might be confusing the poor boy. Is he less sure of himself when you make him serve like a person?" Ava nodded. "And then afterward, less sure as a petmale?" Ava nodded again.

Lonna cut in, "To be honest, goddess," addressing Ava, "when he makes food or cleans up, I can't help feeling that's my job. I want to be that kind of subwife for you."

Sonare thought a little more, "You know, back when we first got Fleet of Foot" - Sonare referred to the ponyboy they kept in their stables - "I let him talk sometimes. He hated it. He's a pony, not a man. Animals don't talk. Do you know that he can't now?"

"I was vaguely aware of it, yes," said Ava.

"After about a year of not using person speech, they forget how. It's a skill like any other, you have to practise or you forget. He was relieved when he went fully animal."

Ava and Lonna were co-owners of Alexi. They discussed the matter for a few minutes, and decided that when they gave Alexi his tail - a surprise they were saving for that very evening - they would ask their slave how he felt. This decision made, the women dried each other off and returned back downstairs.

Tolan knelt in the middle of the sitting room, hands on head and legs apart. Alexi was chained up nearby, curled up in a ball. Lonna drank Tolan in with her eyes. She looked over to Kel, Tolan's owner, and raised her eyebrows. Can I fuck him now? Kel nodded. Lonna practically skipped to her kit bag, fetching the big pink stim-strapon that she liked to use on Alexi in the park. She put it on and approached Tolan.

"Get your pretty mouth round by big pink cock, bitch," she said. 

Tolan crawled into position and began to suck hungrily on Lonna's strapon. It was bigger than Tolan's cock, and sucking on it was designed to put him in his place. It was a place he loved to be put in. The stim-strapon sent all the feelings of having her cock sucked right into Lonna's pussy. It felt like having an extra, temporary limb, which was being expertly handled by Tolan's well-trained lips. He ran them up and down the shaft, then deep-throated the strapon, making Lonna gasp.

Sonare wanted to show a little dominance too. She brought out a long, black stim-strapon and had Alexi get up on all-fours. She left him chained to the eyebolt, wanted him to feel like the pet he was. Roughly, abruptly, she plunged the strapon into him. Alexi barked in surprise, feeling invaded, almost shocked. Then Sonare turned the stim pulses up high and rammed the strapon into Alexi's prostate. He howled in pleasure.

Sonare grabbed the petmale's hips and held them firm. "Yap for me, puppy, show me how much you like my cock." Alexi yipped and yapped as ordered. Sonare thought of Alexi as a puppy, not a fully mature petmale. He had more animalisation to do before then. She thrust her cock in and out, fast and hard. Alexi's cock strained in its cage. The fucking was brutal, but the way it was done made him feel so completely himself. He felt like the branded animal he was.

Lonna was still enjoying Tolan's mouth around her stim-strapon. The service male was dangerously good at this. She could feel the heat building in her clit as Tolan looked up at her with his wide, pretty eyes. She had never realised he was this much of a slut for strapon. Tolan sucked up and down Lonna's pink cock, over and over. Lonna began to pant and moan. Tolan sucked harder and deeper, and Lonna came suddenly, her pussy drenching itself in its juices. She let Tolan suck her for another two minutes, then pulled his head away.

Kneeling down, she forced Tolan's hands together behind his back and locked his magnetic wrist cuffs together. Then she pushed him to the floor, on his back, and picked up one ankle in each of her hands. She sent a command to the stim-strapon to lube itself up, and then thrust herself inside Tolan. The slaveboy grunted, felt the dominant presence of Lonna's strapon fill him up. He loved to be fucked. He was aware of how he looked - split wide open with a cock in his ass. He was a slut for strapon.

Lonna wanted to cum again, but this time fucking the slave. She looked into the helpless male's eyes as she pounded him remorselessly. "Cock slut, strapon whore, fuck-slave," she said to him. "Yes, miss Lonna!" he said back. "You're hungry for Miss Lonna's cock, aren't you? You love being split in half like this, love it when you get fucked in front of everyone." "Yes miss!" he gasped back. Lonna kept on fucking and fucking, never letting up.

Meanwhile, Sonare was animalising Alexi with her strapon. She had him continue to yip, yap and bark for her as she thrust in and out. Heat built in her core as she neared her climax. She was thinking of getting a puppy, and these human males made excellent pets. She wanted a volunteer like Alexi, but younger and even slimmer. They had the credits. Bringing herself back to the moment, she thrust into Alexi harder and harder. She was pure passion. Her climax exploded upon her. She rode out one of the best orgasms she had ever had. Exhausted, she collapsed onto Alexi, letting him bear her weight, and looked over to her domwife Kel, to whom she said simply, "I want one." Kel smiled and nodded. 

Lonna was having the best of times abusing Tolan with her pink cock. She brutalised the strapon slut, bringing all her energy to bear. It took her six more minutes of hard fucking before her second orgasm of the hour hit her. It was lighter than the last, mixed in with dizziness and exhaustion. It felt good to dominate, but once the orgasm subsided she returned to her normal mindset - a naked, collared subwife without the right to clothing.

Kel and Ava had been watching the show and taking a break. Kel let Tolan rest a little longer then had him stand. She used a remote control to lower shackles from the ceiling, then locked them around Tolan's wrists. He knew what was coming. Kel raised the shackles until Tolan was standing on tiptoe. She removed his nanite cock cage, letting it retract into his body. Tolan knew better than to expect he was going to get to cum.

Kel had a sadistic streak and Tolan a masochistic one. In fact, it was one of the reasons she had bought him in the first place. Kel looked at Ava to see if she wanted to join in. Ava shook her head, bringing Lonna over to the plush sofa to lick her pussy while she watched. Kel went upstairs and returned with a kit bag.

She took out a pair of clover clamps and tightened them on to Tolan's nipples. He gasped with the pain. Ava looked on in sympathy - how could Kel be so cruel for no reason - until she saw Tolan's cock. It was already getting hard. He looked like he enjoyed this. Kel took up the clamps and pulled them towards her. Tolan cried out in pain as the searing pressure shot through him. Kel spent a few minutes pulling the clamps this way and that. Tolan's cock only got harder and harder.

Kel loved to watch Tolan suffer. She spanked her subwife to keep her in line, but she couldn't bring herself to really hurt her. With Tolan, she had no such inhibitions. Kel attached weights to the nipple clamps and let them drop. The brutal shock made Tolan cry out. His cock was still hard. Kel felt her skin tingle with pleasure.

Next, Kel took up a fearsome-looking flogger. The flogger had tiny barbs embedded in it, to cause maximum pain with minimum damage. Kel moved behind Tolan and brought the flogger down hard on his shoulders. It cut a line of agony across his back, making Tolan scream. The screams kept up as Kel flogged him with devastating strokes. Tolan's world was pain now. His erection subsided and he entered the masochistic mindset of a true painslut.

Kel carried on flogging Tolan, sometimes on his back, sometimes on his bottom. His head swam as the flogger sang through the air. Kel adored his taut, naked form as it was wracked with the agony of her blows. She wanted more from Tolan, though. 

Moving back to his front, she took his big balls in her hand and gently squeezed them. Tolan grunted - in pain or pleasure no one could tell. For him, there was no difference now between the two. Kel squeezed again, slowly, maintaining an even pressure for several seconds at a time. This she did for several more minutes, building up to the highest pressure she knew Tolan could bear. Tolan looked into her eyes, thanked her. He lived to serve, and Kel took great pleasure from that.

Releasing Tolan's balls, Kel spent another few minutes torturing his nipples again before she was ready to move on. She picked up a light flogger, also designed to cause maximum pain with minimal damage. Lowering Tolan's restraints a little, she had him stand with legs apart. He knew what was coming. Kel moved behind him.

Kel brought the flogger up between Tolan's legs, letting its agonising strands hit her slaveboy's balls. He hissed and bucked, but kept his legs spread open. He knew how much worse it would be if he closed them. Kel flogged the slaveboy's balls for a few long minutes. She knew this was the most pain he could take, the most humiliating and shocking part of the torture routine. She carried on flogging until Tolan began to cry. She knew this was his release, knew how twitchy he got without it. The flogging over, she licked the tears from his face and unshackled him, removing the nipple clamps first. Tolan dropped to the floor and kissed Kel's feet.

Lonna had finished seeing to Ava's knees and returned to kneeling on the floor, holding Sonare's hand. The sun was setting outside. Ava decided now was the time for Alexi to finally get his tail. Before that, they would clear up the matter of Alexi being able to walk and talk like a person. Ava released Alexi from the chain that shackled him to the floor and led him by his leash to where she and Lonna sat.

Ava surprised Alexi by setting his collar to allow full speech. "Alexi," she said to him as he knelt, leashed before her, "we need to ask you something. You know we care for you deeply. We know you like to be a petmale, a ponyboy. Do you like being our service male too, a slave like Tolan?"

Alexi spoke slowly, finding the sensation strange. He was confused. "Mistress, I live to serve you. If it makes you happy I will act as your service male."

Ava frowned. "That's not what I asked, Alexi. Sonare thought you might be happier always being a petmale or ponyboy. I wasn't sure. Lonna can cook and clean for us, so I don't need you for that. What would make you happiest?"

Alexi thought hard. He was rarely called on as a service slave, but each time he was let up on two feet and given the use of his hands, it felt strange. Wrong. Not what he had volunteered to be a slave for. It was slavery, but not his true self.

"Mistress, I would be happier as a petmale and ponyboy only, if that is acceptable to you."

"Of course, Alexi. Of course it is. I have a responsibility as your owner to look after you. I take it very seriously. Now, think for a moment. By being permanently a petmale or ponyboy, you will never speak like this again. Ever. In time, you will forget how. Take Fleet of Foot, Sonare's ponyboy, for example. He can't speak anymore, can only neigh and whinny. Added to that, if you're no longer using your hands, I'll have them encased in permanent nanite rubber mitts. Animals don't use tools. Think for a few minutes."

Alexi thought hard. In just a few months, he had gone from a shy, unsuccessful man in a partiarchal society, to the cherished slave of the wives who owned him. Every time they had taken a freedom from him, he had gained far more in return. When they took his freedom to wear clothes, he gained an openness and a connectedness to the world. When they took his freedom to orgasm, he gained a sense of discipline and of putting others' desires first. When they took away his old name and branded him with his new one, he had gained a sense of security and acceptance. 

Now, they were offering to take away his freedom to speak or use his hands. What would he gain? He could stop worrying about what kind of slave he should be. He would know - he was an animalised male, not a person-like one. How would he tell his mistresses, his owners, how much he adored them? He would gain the freedom to do so with actions only, not words. Actions meant more.

He looked back up at Ava, "Mistress, please make me permanently a petmale and ponyboy. I am not a person, I am an animal. It makes me happiest to live as a petmale, almost as happy to be a ponyboy. But I am not a person. Please help me be what I am."

Ava looked at Lonna, both nodded to each other. Ava spoke to Alexi's collar. "Collar, voice mode to petmale. Collar, lock voice choices to petmale and ponyboy." Ava pressed her thumb to the collar and it read her thumbprint. Lonna did the same. The collar was now locked to those voice modes, and human speech would require both women to authorise. For as long as Alexi lived, they never would.

"It's a shame," said Ava, "but we don't have any of those permanent mitts."

"It's OK!" said Sonare, "I have spares for Fleet of Foot. You can have one. Do you want pink or black?"

"Definitely pink!" said Lonna. Ava nodded agreement. Sonare raced upstairs to retrieve the mitts then gave them to Lonna and Ava. They had Alexi place his hands inside them, then activated the special nanite rubber. It flowed around Alexi's hands, shaping itself into two pink paws, then fusing to his wrists. The rubber was hard-wearing and self-healing. It could last for years if properly cared for.

"There's one more thing," said Ava, and reached into a bag she had brought from home. From it, she took a long tail the same colour as Alexi's skin. "Turn around and present your bottom to me, Alexi, my pet." 

Alexi did as ordered. The tail was designed to serve equally well as a petmale or ponyboy's tail. As a petmale, it would be springy and upright. As a ponyboy, it would hang loose. Ava activated the tail and placed it at the base of Alexi's spine. It stung as it integrated with his flesh, and the petmale howled with pain as the tail connected to his nerve endings. He turned around to get a good look at it. It wagged because he was happy, and he was happy to have a tail that wagged. He was a true petmale now. Unspeaking, with paws rather than hands. He barked his delight. He was finally free.

THE END

There may be more stories set in the GA...