 Chapter 7 - An intimate day with friends

Lonna had been happy subwife to Ava for two months now and was looking forward to another weekend with Ava and Alexi. After the first month of enforced nudity, Ava had granted Lonna occasional permission to wear clothes. Today, Lonna wore one of her growing collection of short PVC dresses, which showed her shaved sex under the short skirt. The tongue piercing that Lonna had got for Alexi had proved quite the hit with their group of friends, and several of their slaves now sported similar ones. 

Lonna had deepened Alexi's submission, taking him further into the mindset of a happily enslaved piece of property. He now began every day by licking Ava's cunt to an orgasm then rimming Lonna to another. After Ava went to work, Lonna would sometimes put Alexi into the pony harness and take him for rides. He had learned to think of himself by his pony-name Starlight during these runs, becoming more and more graceful and getting deeper into the mind of his animal self. 

Other times, Lonna would take Alexi to the park and play games with him as he ran around on all fours. To assert her absolute dominance, she frequently had him hop up onto a park bench and take a spanking over her knee. Other visitors to the park were becoming quite familiar with his displays of submission and his spanked backside. On different days, she would take him to a special corner of the park where she could lock him in stocks and publicly fuck his ass with her long pink strapon. Lonna loved to pound him mercilessly, as his cock strained against its metal prison, longing to be free. 

Ava had decided that they would visit with Kel and Sonare on their farm this weekend. Kel and Ava had negotiated with their respective subwives in advance - this was to be an all-out orgy of dominant and submissive sex. Lonna and Sonare would sub to Kel and Ava, with the two women swapping wives whenever they saw fit. Kel and Sonare's slave male Tolan would serve food and wine, and he and Alexi would join in the fun as sex slaves whenever ordered. 

Ava harnessed Alexi, turning him into an obedient pony - the form in which she had christened him Starlight. Starlight/Alexi's harness - a powered exoskeleton - allowed him to pull a fully laden cart at some speed. He was plugged with a realistic horse's tail, and Ava added reins and blinders to his head; his arms were held behind his back in a binder. As had become usual when Starlight was harnessed up, Ava attached him to the cart and left him standing on display in the front garden. Ava decided to free the pony's cock, which immediately sprang to life. Starlight neighed his thanks - it felt so good to be free. 

After some initial confusion on Alexi's part, he had grown used to thinking of himself as an animal called Starlight whenever he was harnessed and made into a ponyboy. The name Starlight was, after all, branded into his very flesh. It was part of him now. He loved to run, whether carrying a rider on his shoulders or pulling the cart, and had learned a graceful gait that pleased his mistresses no end.

Lonna and Ava packed some basic supplies, being sure to bring the puppy harness so that they could turn their pony back into the pet that he acted as most of the time. Their weekend plans required little in the way of clothes, so they packed a variety of their more intimate toys, some food and wine, then took the pony out onto the road. 

Ava was impatient to get to their destination and pushed the ponyboy hard. She took him to the speed limit, overtaking other carts with abandon. Whenever Starlight would slow, she flogged his sides and back with a whip. The implement left barely a mark, but caused exquisite pain to anyone it struck. Starlight dug deep and pulled his mistresses as fast as he could - even with the exoskeleton he worked up quite a sweat.

Lonna, Ava and their pet/ponyboy arrived at Kel and Sonare's farm in the late morning. Ava left the ponyboy hitched to a post as she took her wife inside to enjoy Kel and Sonare's hospitality. He stamped his feet and neighed his frustration at not being able to go inside. The house was set at one side of several acres of farmland - with nothing else to do, Starlight admired the views. Inside the house, the four women were being ably served by Kel and Sonare's service male, Tolan.

Tolan was tall, handsome and well-built, and looked to be in his early thirties. Kel made him exercise for at least an hour a day, not counting the athletic bouts of lovemaking she loved to use him for. Kel kept his nanites programmed to prevent him from cumming, except on special occasions, but this never stopped Tolan from taking immense pleasure in being ordered to fuck his owner. He also served Kel and Sonare as cook, cleaner, and on this occasion as their waiter. He wore a standard collar, wrist and ankle cuffs, and his cock was imprisoned in a metal cage of Kel's own design. 

Tolan moved carefully through the sitting room with a tray of drinks, which he handed to the four women. "Miss Ava, Miss Lonna, my mistresses bid you welcome and ask that you treat their service slave as if he were your own," he said. Ava and Lonna took their drinks and inspected Tolan. Ava had a particular liking for this slave - she had used his tongue many times, even his cock once or twice. She ran her hands over his chest, scratching lightly as she went. Moving her hands down, she grabbed the slave firmly by his buttocks and drew him in close to kiss him. 

Ava kissed Tolan deeply for a full minute; his cock tried to get hard in its cage and he kissed her back passionately.

"You're a good slave, Tolan. We'll continue this later," said Ava to the male, pushing him gently away. 

"Yes, miss," he replied, bowing low. As he was not currently needed for any task, Tolan knelt on the floor beside his owner Kel, who had him massage her feet. 

"Don't you want to bring Alexi in, Ava?" asked Kel.

"No not yet, leave him to get a little worked up and regain some energy. There's plenty of time to play this weekend."

Kel had Tolan bring out some food and more drinks. The women chatted about their lives, politics, the latest targets for inclusion in the Gynarchic Alliance, and the finer points of owning ponyboys. On the latter, Sonare held forth as the acknowledged expert in handling and training male slaves to make them into fine ponies. She gave Ava and Lonna a few tips to get more speed and grace from their male, and suggested a higher protein diet to help him build muscle mass. Her own ponyboy, Fleet of Foot, was tethered in the stables outside, and would not be needed for much of the weekend. 

Once the chat ran out and the food had been eaten, Kel declared a start to their weekend of pleasure. "Tolan, set up a bondage bench outside - I want it in full view of Ava and Lonna's pony, but not so close he could reach it. Then lock yourself to it - I want you lying facedown, horizontal - ready for a good, hard strapon fucking. Oh, and set a blanket down in front of it - Lonna and Sonare can play together there."

"Yes, mistress," said Tolan, leaving to set up the equipment needed for his own debasement. 

"Now then, Sonare and Lonna," said Kel, addressing the two subwives, "we agreed in advance that Ava and I would share you this weekend - so either of us can order you as we would our own wife. OK?"

"Yes, goddess," said both subwives simultaneously.

"Good girls. Lonna - I don't like clothed subwives. Strip naked - no clothes this weekend."

"Yes, goddess," said Lonna, quickly removing her clothes and then standing nude, with her legs apart and hands behind her back. Kel cupped Lonna's breasts then rested a hand lightly on Lonna's sex.

"You're ready to get going, I can tell," said Kel to Lonna, kissing her gently.

"Yes, goddess!" said Lonna once the kiss was finished, as her pussy grew wetter and wetter. 

"Ava, let's get our strapons on - Tolan will be ready by now. We'll also fetch these two girls some equipment of their own. Sonare and Lonna, kneel here by the door." As the two naked subwives knelt, Kel blindfolded each, then cuffed their hands behind their backs. Kel took Ava upstairs. There they fetched two vibrating dildos on low stands, and two sets of nipple clamps on chains. 

Still hitched to a post and quite unable to move, the ponyboy Starlight was increasingly anxious to get back to his more usual petmale form, where he would once more be called Alexi. He had watched Tolan set up a bench then drape himself over it so that his body was waist high. The athletic slave had then locked himself to the bench, and waited. Starlight's attention picked up again as his mistress Ava emerged from the house, with Lonna in tow - seemingly blindfolded and restrained. 

Ava took a dildo on a low stand and set it on the blanket that Tolan had laid out, between his bench and Starlight. Kel set an identical one two feet from the first. Each guided their submissive wife to a dildo and had the girls impale themselves, facing each other. Next, Ava and Kel carefully clamped each girl's nipple with a chain, so that the chains connected the two of them together, forcing the girls to lean in a little towards each other. With their hands still cuffed behind their backs, Ava set the dildos to vibrate. Each dildo had a short extra arm that would stimulate the girls' clits as they rode.

"Enjoy yourselves, girls. Cum as much as you like," said Kel.

Lonna and Sonare began to slowly grind up and down on the dildos. They could not see each other, but could sense the other's movements via the linked nipple clamps. When one got too far away, the clamps would dig in harder, forcing the girls back to together. They were soon gyrating and fucking in the same rhythm, as their domwives the male slaves looked on. 

Kel and Ava lubed up their strapons and turned their attention to Tolan. Looking to Ava, Kel spoke, "You want the front or back?"

"The back, if that's OK," said Kel, meaning she would take Tolan from behind while Kel fucked his mouth.

"Sure thing, hun. Show him he's a piece of slave meat." 

Kel moved behind Tolan. "Open up for me, slave boy. I'll cum on my stim strapon while I fuck your ass."

"Yes, miss. My place is to serve," said Tolan, as Ava drove her stim strapon deep inside him. 

The slaveboy moaned as Ava began to fuck him fast and hard. The stim strapon transmitted all the sensations through to Ava's clit and vagina, letting her feel every aspect of fucking this magnificent boy. Tolan knew his degradation was not yet complete. Kel moved to his face and had him begin to suck her strapon, gradually taking it deeper and deeper into his throat. The stim strapon let Kel feel like she was really getting her cock sucked, and she had trained her slave to give a first-class blowjob. Tolan devoted himself to sucking and being fucked. He could only hope that his owner would take mercy on him and let him cum soon. 

As the two domwives took Tolan like the slut he was, Lonna and Sonare were nearing their first orgasms as they knelt on the vibrating dildos. From his post, the ponyboy watched them hump the simulated cocks. He was desperate to be let free of his ponyboy gear and to lick someone's pussy. Lonna leaned back a little and tugged the chains connecting her nipples to Sonare's. Sonare hissed in pain and pleasure, not knowing where one started and one ended. To enhance the sensation, Sonare leaned away a little more, then a little further, pulling the chains taut. Both girls' nipples were on fire, sending them deeper into submissive bliss and making them fuck harder and harder. 

Ava had brought a flogger with her. She began to flog Tolan's shoulders and buttocks, stinging his flesh as she fucked him hard. Tolan jumped at the hardest strokes of the whip, making Kel smile and catch Ava's eye.

"Make him suck me harder and deeper, Ava. Whip this little slut for all he's worth."

Ava struck Tolan with more and more force, turning the sex halfway into a torture session. She wasn't that much of a sadist, but from time to time it was necessary to show a male his place, and she did enjoy flogging in particular. Tolan once again experienced the great power that superior women held, and accepted his place beneath them, as their legal property. He had volunteered for enslavement on an annexed planet, had undergone the painful and sometimes humiliating transition from free man to slave, stripped naked, depilated, collared and placed into chastity. Now he was where he belonged. He sucked on his owner's strapon with all his skill and enthusiasm, sending Kel into a frenzy.

Lonna came first. She screamed her orgasm into the heavens, arching her back as it crashed through her. She rode it for a long time, long enough for Sonare to start cumming as well. Sonare made little mewling sounds as she came, sweet little moans that always drove Kel mad with lust. Sonare twisted her hips back and forth, grinding down onto the dildo to fill herself up as she orgasmed, then popping back up towards its tip before crashing back down on it. Still blindfolded, she was lost to the world around her.

Kel had watched this display with great admiration for the two subwives, who were giving their all to their submission. She turned her attention back to Tolan and fucked his face with long, deep strokes of her strapon. This was a signal to Tolan to take the cock as deep down his throat as he could. Kel had a light, pleasant orgasm. She planned to have many better ones before the weekend was over, mostly from the tongues of the subwives and of the male slaves.

Ava continued to fuck Tolan hard. As the owner of what was predominantly a petmale, she generally preferred a male that lived on all-fours. From time to time, though, it was nice to sample a different kind of slave, one that lived on two feet. Making such a slave feel so owned and violated was different, somehow. She pounded him harder and harder, leaving the slave grunting and groaning. She used her cock to penetrate Tolan deeply, all while calling him "slut", "slave", "inferior male". Finally she pushed through to her climax, almost fainting with exhaustion as she collapsed onto the slaveboy's back, still impaling him with her strapon.

Kel, meanwhile, released Lonna and Sonare from the dildos they were still fucking, taking off their blindfolds and releasing them from the handcuffs. Sonare moved over to Starlight, running her hands over the ponyboy's body to see how the training was toning him up. Starlight was grateful to finally get some attention, and whinnied affectionately at Sonare. She firmly grasped his cock and balls as she stood talking with the other women, letting Starlight know who was in charge. She often found a firm squeeze of the balls was all that was needed to bring a frisky ponyboy back into line. Starlight settled down as Sonare reminded him that he was an animal, not a person. She took the nipple clamps she had been wearing and screwed them down onto the ponyboy's nipples. The pain reminded him not to seek attention, just to accept the attention he was given.

Ava had recovered a little from fucking Tolan. Leaving the slaveboy tied down for now, she walked over to her own ponyboy.

"Lonna, Sonare, I want this ponyboy down on all fours again as my petmale. His tongue will be required inside. Be good girls and bring him in."

"Yes, miss!" said Sonare. She was looking forward to serving Ava more as the weekend went on; Ava had become quite commanding since becoming a domwife.

Sonare began by removing the bit and bridle from the ponyboy's head. Now that she was making him take his place as a petmale, she began to think of him as Alexi again. She stroked his flank, fingering his brands, one with his pet name and one with his pony name. Tracing her fingers to his cock, she realised he was still uncaged. Before releasing his arms, she had the nanite cock cage re-form. Alexi was beyond horny, but the cage forced his cock back into its prison. Just like the rest of his body, his cock was someone else's property.

Once the rest of the pony gear was removed, Lonna had Alexi get down on all fours and reset his collar to allow only barks and whines. She had placed Alexi into the red leather harness she'd bought for him, but leashed him by the collar. She led the three of them back inside, one hand holding Alexi's leash and the other resting on Sonare's rump. In the meantime, Kel had unchained Tolan and taken him back into the house, with Ava in tow. 

Back in the house, Kel and Ava had put a few items of clothing back on. They surveyed their naked wives and their naked slaves. All was as it should be. They passed a couple of hours talking and laughing, with Tolan serving more drinks and Alexi sucking the women's toes from his place on the floor. When the women had regained some energy, they made preparations for round two. 

Kel spoke to Lonna and Sonare, "My darlings, your domwives have discussed it and we want you to get to know each other much better. Get a double-ended dildo and don't stop fucking until you've made each other come. Lie down on the floor here so we can watch."

Sonare scurried upstairs and returned with a magnificently large dildo. The two girls wasted no time in impaling themselves on either end. Their hands sought out each other's clits and their mouths locked in fierce kisses as they lost themselves to the moment. Sonare and Lonna scissored along the dildo, bringing their wet pussies closer and closer as they humped against each other. Ava and Kel could only watch in awe. They decided it was time for their own fun.

"Alexi," said Ava, "come over to the sofa and show Kel just how wonderful your pierced tongue is. Lick her to as many orgasms as she likes." Kel motioned to Tolan to do the same for Ava.

Alexi crawled into position, letting Kel take hold of his leash and pull him in tight to her sex. He buried his face in her pussy, then snaked out his pierced tongue. Slowly, so slowly, he began to lick up and down her clit. Kel felt the wave of pleasure build each time the slave's tongue got nearer to its target. She gasped as it hit home then flicked away, ready to make its leisurely journey again. Ava had obviously trained this boy well. Alexi took his time, giving himself over completely to the woman he was serving.

Tolan's tongue had been pierced as well. He knelt before Ava and awaited instructions. Ava silently leaned forward and cuffed his hands together behind his back. She grabbed the slave's hair and leant back, guiding him into her crotch. Tolan began to lick, with fast light strokes of his tongue that he knew Ava liked. Ava pressed him in closer and closer, smothering the boy with her sex. Tolan sucked hungrily on her clit as Ava's juices coated his face.

Both males licked and sucked with passion. Alexi began to increase his pace, flicking his tongue piercing into Kel's clit with quick strokes. Kel gasped at each flick, and pulled Alexi's leash in even tighter to her. Alexi was in slave heaven, worshipping at the altar of womanhood. Kel cupped her breasts with her free hand, never letting go of the leash. This petmale could certainly lick pussy with the best of them. 

Ava wrapped her legs around Tolan's head, locking him in place with her thighs. Tolan could see and taste nothing but dominant pussy. He licked Ava faster and faster, pushing to the limits of his endurance. The strapon fucking she'd given him earlier had left the slave boy feeling utterly submissive towards her. He would show her his submission now. Ava arched her back and began to shake and shudder as she neared her climax. She dug her nails into Tolan's back as she orgasmed, drawing just a little blood. The pain made Tolan lick faster still, letting Ava ride the wave of ecstasy.

Naked together on the floor, Lonna and Sonare fucked their double-ended dildo as fast as they could. Each wrapped one hand around the other's waist and used the other to finger the other subwife's clit. They kissed and gasped and moaned, putting on a show for their domwives. It was almost strange for them to have sex between equals, though as this had been ordered by their domwives it was still a submissive act for them. 
