 Cassandra

**********

She lived among the gypsies, black long curly hair, black wide eyes and the body of a goddess. She was named Cassandra. Many feared her, she had dark magical powers. In her 25 years she was taught by the eldest of the tribe, also like her, how to tame, control her powers, and when to use them.

Her parents had died when she was a mere baby, her mother had had the power she was told, and it was passed onto her. The eldest of the gypsies, his name was iron fist and was called by her granddad, for he had raised and took care of her.

Cassandra had many men admirers amongst the group, yet she felt no love for any. She was raised with them and saw them all as her brothers.

As all gypsies they traveled form state to state, town to town and she never had a home except for her private wagon and her occasional tent. At every town they visited she performed a dance and retired to her tent immediately as not to be a center of attraction. Mostly they camped in the woods, away from the towns; gypsies were only there for entertainment not many liked to mingle with them.

She heard the shout of the first wagon; they had reached their camping area. It was not far from the nearby town. And somewhere in the distance she could smell water. A waterfall she thought. A smile crept across her lips, she loved to swim and refresh herself in the water. Hopefully at night, or in the early morning when no one is around, she would sneak there for a swim.

Nick

*****

Sweat broke from his forehead as he chopped the last log, and threw the axe aside. He had been living in this cabin ever since his parents passed away and he was called to claim his inheritance. He had been working on a farm away from home, and as soon as he learned of his parents death he came home. He started trapping rabbits and selling their fur for a good amount of money. He was doing much better than the farm. And here he had his own home, his home which over looked a valley beneath it, and the waterfall that poured at its base. 

He walked over to through water over his toned and masculine body. He was 32 years old and started working when he was 15. He was very handsome with light piercing blue eyes and gold blonde hair. Many of the ladies in the town would watch him as he walked the streets. He was favored. Yet he had not found the woman of his dreams yet. It was foolish, he was chasing a dream. For a year now he had been having the same dream, it started the night he moved into the cabin. A woman with black eyes, the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, a wolf and him. The dream always ended in heated passion waking him up sweaty and aroused. He did not know why this dream haunted him. And who was this woman. 

He shook his head, every time he thought of his dreams he would feel a sharp tug at his heart and a deep feeling in his stomach. Maybe it was just because he needed a woman. It had been a long time for him since he touched a woman. He had no time, between checking his traps and working on the house and skinning the animals his time was too full to think of bedding a woman. He sighed and walked indoors.

Tomorrow morning he had a full day ahead of him, he must wake up before dawn to check the traps by the fall.

The morning after

*****************

It had been along night for Cassandra. She kept having dreams of a golden man. She had woken in the night and ventured out into the woods, till she found the waterfall. It was magnificent; she had waited here till the crack of dawn so she could swim in the waters.

She stripped of her clothes and walked into the cool waters. Letting her hair lose of its ribbons it pooled about her back floating lightly till it was immersed in the water. Holding the soap in one hand lathing herself as she hummed lightly a tune which she loved.

He woke up to the birds singing by his open window, last nights dream was more intense that it had ever been. Making him wake up all sweaty and hard. He got dressed and began his venture towards the fall. As he neared the fall the heard it, a voice so sweet, as if the angels were singing to him. He approached slowly and hid behind the bushes, his eyes widening with shock at what he saw.

Gently stroking her full breast, her nipples fully erect she caressed them lightly. She felt flushes running through her body and feelings she had begun to feel many years before. They were explained to her by iron fist as arousal. And he had explained to her how to explore them and ease herself, till she found a worthy mate.

He watched her, he could not believe it, the woman from his dreams was bathing in the water before him. His shaft grew hard as she began to stroke her breast, and he moaned lightly. 

"Who was this woman? Was this an image of false?"

He was stunned could not move his breath captured in his throat and his heart began to pound. He took in every sight she offered him, her hair wet and long, he full lips, her aching breasts and her lovely dark skin. He was bewitched by this beauty.

Her second hand dipped low beneath the water to caress gently over her mound and lower till it reached her folds. She began caressing that pearl that gave her pleasure and moaned, she found a rock in the water and leaned on it as she explored and brought herself pleasure. Her panting growing at each stroke, till she released all her emotions and let out a deep loud cry of pleasure. 

He watched and feasted while she lay back against the rock, caressing herself, and moaning. His erection so hard he had to touch, he moved one hand against his pants, stroking lightly hoping it would ease the aching. But it only grew more, building as she let out her last cry of pleasure. The intensity of it, shaking through his body sending him one step backwards, he steeped on a log. The rustle he hoped she did not hear. He froze.

Then she heard it, a rustle in the bushes and saw a human form. She saw the glistering golden hair and the light blue piercing eyes watching her. She made sure he saw her glaring at him with her black eyes then she swiftly dipped behind the rock.

She had seen him, she had looked at him her eyes, were piercing his soul. He could not move. Then she dipped behind the rock and he fled forwards out of the bush, ran to the water and jumped in swimming to that lonely rock. He had to talk to her, he must find out who she is, and he had to apologize. He swam with all his might and rounded the rock. Suddenly out of nowhere an owl flew out, scaring him sending him back. He looked, she had gone. 

"But how? Where was she?" He looked around and she was nowhere to be seen, only the owl sitting upon the branch in a tree as if it was watching him.

He leaned against the rock, panting. He lost her, a sadness filled him, but he found her once and would find her again he thought as he swam to the river bank. He would find her! Then he commenced his walk into the woods, that woman imprinted and haunting his thoughts.

The dance

**********

The town was like many of the towns she had been through. People walking down the streets, carriages passing by, children playing, And as usual when they saw gypsies they flocked around knowing that a show was to be held. 

Cassandra looked down on her attire, a long skirt that started at her lower waist revealing her sexy navel, a little brassier, bangles on her hands and a thick chain at her neck. Her hair was loose flowing to her lower back, the curls like a spider's web, black and dark. She was a sight she thought for many.

They approached the center of the town where many people had gathered, she descended from the wagon and took off her slippers as she entered the middle circle. 3 gypsy men sat on the ground, beating the rhythm she was used to dancing to. She began to sway and flow as if she was dancing on air. Her bangles creating sounds, her hair flying around her as she twirled, her hips moving sensually to the music, her eyes wide, gazing around her, her breasts barely covered revealing not much and not too little. Men glared while women gasped. She captured many with her beauty and the way she moved her body was pure sin. She smiled and laughed at the fellow gypsies as her soul was lifted and her body moved to the music, creating an aura of beauty, heaven and lust around her. Then the music ended and her song was over. People applaud and coins were thrown into the little baskets at her feet. She dipped her head thanking the crowd, collecting her baskets; it was a fruitful day she thought. Now she must return to the camp and tell iron fist of her dream and encounter with the golden man.

The traps

**********

He checked trap after trap. Finally his clothes had dried out a little bit, but his mind was rushing with thoughts of her. He could still see her, her eyes, her full lips, her body and her face as she let out that last cry of pleasure. His arousal had not settled all day, he could not stop thinking of her. 

"She was the woman of his dreams and he let her flee. Where she had gone to he did not know, she had just disappeared into nowhere."

He walked silently through the woods, knowing that bears and wolves were always around, his rifle tucked soundly behind his back, was his own security against them. If he died here no one would know. And he did not intend to die in these woods. He knew there was something else for him in life, he had always felt it.

He reached the last trap. Removed the dead rabbit, placed it in the bag on his shoulder, and began his walk to his cabin. He still had to clean these rabbits, and their meat made a very tasty meal. Alas he always dined alone, and no one to share them with.

Iron fist

**********

She walked into his tent after announcing herself; although he raised her she had much respect for the old man. He was in his late 60's yet he possessed the strength of a young man. 

"Come my dear child." he said. 

"Tell me, why are you bothered so?"

She knew he would read her mind, and instantly she fell at his feet and began to tell him the events that had happened.

Iron fist said nothing; he stood up and walked to the side of his tent. Removing some rocks from his pocket he said blow on them child. She did, she blew on them and moved back, knowing these were the rocks of life. They told events that were to happen to the person in short times to come.

He threw the rocks into a bowl of water and began to speak. 

"A cry of help will be heard and the wolf shall help, a friendship grown will lead to self, a love unknown will grow and tell."

Then he stopped, looked at her and said, "he is safe my dear child, he is the one you shall mate with, but all in due time my dear the spoken events must happen first."

Cassandra gazed at her granddad and asked, "but how shall I know when they are to happen?"

"You shall know my dear, you shall know. Now go rest, let your mind guide you to where you need to go."

She bent her head down as he placed his hand upon it, "may the spirits and souls of our ancestors guide you my dear." he said.

"Thank you granddad for you constant advice and may the ancestors and souls keep you among us." She walked out of the tent with those last words and retired to hers.

The dreams

***********

A huge bear was following the golden man, it had cornered him and was about to strike when the wolf jumped out of the woods and attacked the bear. The marking was hers, the white slash of fur against the side. She woke up. Sweat pouring out of her and her heat beating so fast. The wolf, then man, and save. The souls had shown her what was to happen. She would save him from a bear. Her heart raced faster. She could not sleep again she must go out.

As she stepped out of her tent, she looked around and saw a few gathered around the night fire, laughing and joking. She strayed into the woods and suddenly was above the trees, viewing the lands, taking in the magnificent dark sky, and then finally coming to perch on a branch near an open window.

This time he woke up, his dreams had started of him and the woman in his arms making sweet love to her then he had seen the valley, his house and all from above. And suddenly an owl with a white marking at its side, the same owl he had seen at the fall. He sat upright in his bed, looked out the window and saw it. Sitting on a branch, with the same look it had yesterday as if it was watching him. His heart leapt, and he rose to the window, wearing nothing, bare as he was born. He stood there watching this creature as it watched him, then suddenly it flew off with a cry, fluttering its wings and flying back into the dark skies. He returned to bed to fall asleep once more, thinking of that owl and his mystery woman.

A mist engulfed her as she appeared, her heart racing at the view she saw. He was naked, bare and it was the first time she had seen a naked man. She had seen him! She walked back to the camp and saw the men eye her as she approached. They learned never to ask her where she was and what she had been doing, they knew what she possessed yet they had never seen it. She walked into her tent and slipped of her dress, lying upon her berth, his visions coming to her mind she felt her heat. Slipping her hand down to caress her aching fire, her mind swept into a fantasy, making her release time and time again. Till she was exhausted and fell asleep.

He was touching her, feeling, caressing, then slipping deep into her. Her eyes were staring up at him and he was bewitched by the black color of them. Their moans mounting higher and higher as he took her deeper, harder and fuller, till they both lay there spent after he had spilled his seed in her. He woke up! Heart drumming like a thousand hoof beats and he noticed his blanket was wet towards his groin. This had not happened to him since he was a young lad. This was insane he thought. He threw the sheet aside to recover a new one, and returned to his bed. He must sleep. Tomorrow he had to go to the higher mountains where there were much more bears and wolves and needed his wit about him. Tomorrow is to be a long and very dangerous day for him. He closed his eyes.

In the face of death

*********************

He woke before dawn as usual, packing up his trapping gear and his rifle. He sighed. It had been a long night he thought and a long day is ahead. He better leave early so he could return before dark, before the night creatures emerge. He reached the high mountains at noon, looking for his last trap, he found it. He decided he must rest before his journey back down the mountain for it was an exhausting walk. He lay back on a tree, covered his eyes with his hat, clutched his rifle by his chest and fell into a deep slumber.

She woke up sensing danger. Thoughts of the bear and the wolf flew to her mind. She donned her clothes and ran out of the tent. All were sleeping now and no one saw her rush out into the woods leaving a trail of mist behind her. She ran fast on all four, smelling him and following his scent. Till she reached a high rock and below she saw him sleeping. Panting and tired she sat down, sleeping among the bushes, watching him from atop.

He woke up from his slumber, eyes opening gently. He had slept enough and now it was time for him to head back. Dead rabbits could attract wolves or bears. He did not want to risk it. He stood up and began to walk down the path he was familiar too. Then he came to stop as a large bear was before him, angry and growling. Slowly nick retreated, but the bear smelled the rabbit and wanted the source of the scent which was nick. 

He ran, the bear followed and he tripped over a log, the bear was above him growling and snarling his left paw lifted high to strike, then a wolf pounced out of no where. Leapt onto the bear's back, biting into its flesh. The wolf was thrown to the ground and yet stood up again to stand before nick's feet. Growling at the bear and warning him, the bear must have found defeat because it let out a deep growl and left. He wolf he noticed was cut right by a white slash of fur, just like the one he saw on the owl. It was bleeding, yet he dared not move, for he could be its dinner. Then it turned and looked him in the eyes let out a loud howl and limped into the woods.

She heard it, she fought it and she was wounded. She limped through the woods, she could not change into an owl and fly, for it would have a cut wing. She had to reach the camp, she had to get to iron fist. Each step taking the life out of her, slowly painfully it took her hours to get back to camp. She did not have the strength to change. She slipped into the camp undetected and into iron fist's tent. He saw her; he knew her as she walked in and fell upon his feet. Unless he helped her wounds she would not change. He carried the limp wolf and laid it by the fire, using herbs and bindings he tended to her wounds. And waited for her to wake. 

Nick reached his cabin; the whole trip down had been full of thoughts and wonders. 

"Why had the wolf saved him? Why did it have the same marking as the owl? Why? Why? Why?" 

Then he came to a conclusion as he set his things by the door. 

"Out of all the whys he knew one thing for sure. He had faced death."

The day after

***************

The morning sun rose and shone upon the camp. Sometime during the early dawn the mist had engulfed the tent and she was changed back. A deep cut upon her shoulder, she winced as she moved. Iron fist was there, soothing her, she was bare, covered with a blanket and laying upon the floor by a little fire in the tent. She opened her eyes and saw him. 

"Welcome back my dear child, I take it you feel better than yesterday?"

She nodded. 

"I did not see myself getting hurt granddad, I only saw me saving him." 

"You will heal my dear, and as soon as you do, you must begin the quest of friendship between man and wolf. Now sleep again, by the time you wake there should be no more pain and you need your strength to travel the woods."

With that she closed her eyes, and fell asleep.

As he chopped the wood, he recalled his dreams of the night before. The wolf was hurt, wincing and whimpering but it was being tended to by a human. A human in black, an old man, then appeared the woman in place of the wolf, she was hurt too. His dreams were getting weirder and more complicated he thought. Today he would rest, no checking the traps. He would go down to the lake in the late afternoon and soak for a while, then return for his dinner.

She woke, feeling less pain, yet the wound remained. She noticed that beside her washer robe. She inhaled the scents around her and knew that granddad was near. She stood up gracefully, wore the robe and emerged from the tent. 

Granddad walked up to her as he saw her and whispered, "he is by the fall. Let the wolf go meet her new friend, it is time my dear child."

She nodded her head and bowed, walking quietly into the woods, many eyes followed her till she was out of sight, and then the mist appeared. She reached the fall and saw him, in the water swimming and spearing fish. He was a hunter she thought. She approached the river bank so he could see her, began to drink from the water, and let out a howl. Then sat there waiting for him to approach.

The howl cut through his soul, he froze instantly then turned quickly and saw it. Sitting there by the river bank, the same wolf that had saved his life, marks if the wound by its side, yet it seemed to have healed magically. The animal was watching him, sitting there not afraid as if it was calling him, suddenly he found himself swimming close. It did not move as he was near, it did not growl and it did not pounce. 

He remained in the water, eyes fixated on its eyes, he noticed, they were black! He spoke, he did not know why, but he spoke. He said I am going to touch you; I don't mean any harm I just want to touch you and led out a hand slowly. The wolf lowered its head; he took that as a sign of good and began to caress the wolf's head. As he rose from the water, the wolf stood, and pounced into the woods.
