 NB These stories are set in a different "universe" to the Galactic Gynarchy ones. The two series are unrelated.

*****

Chapter 2 – Preparing to leave Earth

One morning, about ten days after his enslavement, Alex was awoken in his cell by Nurse Sing and Doctor Sing. Neither was dressed for work – Nurse Sing wore a severe black dress that clung to her athletic frame. Doctor Sing, her wife, stood slightly behind her, naked except for a complex jewelled harness that led the eyes to her shaved, bald pussy. Doctor Sing was shorter than Nurse Sing, a little older – perhaps in her early forties. Alex thought she was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. 

"Present," said Nurse Sing. Alex snapped into position. 

"Mandy and I have a few days off. Before you ship out for our homeworld, we thought we'd take some time and get to know the new you. If you're wondering why my wife is wearing no clothes today, it's because I told her she couldn't. She pouted about it but I put her over my knee and then that was that." 

Nurse Sing looked into her bag, took out a collar and locked it around Alex's neck, attaching a leash to it. Handing the leash to her wife, Dr Mandy Sing, she found Dev's cell and extracted him from it in the same fashion. Mandy took both leashes and led the boys behind Nurse Sing. 

"Where are we going, my goddess Rebecca?" asked Mandy, using the human name her wife had temporarily taken on whilst on Earth. 

"For a stroll around the grounds, my beautiful girl. Then back to our cabin with these two." 

To the boys, Rebecca said simply, "Mandy is my wife but also my treasured submissive. There's no shame in any of this where we come from, just as there's no shame in you both collared, leashed and in your proper place. There are many types of marriage between women, and in ours I am the legal head of the household and can give my wife certain orders that she must follow." 

Indeed, for Alex and Dev, there was no shame. They felt great pride at being petboys. Alex longed to try his luck as a ponyboy too, but Dev was content to just finally be the puppy that he was meant to be. 

Rebecca went on, "We both love women, but we both love men, too – like about 90% of women in our society. We don't have a pet of our own at the moment – but when we return home and this mission is finished, I'm sure we will. We've got plenty of social credits saved up. For now, though, we can play with the boys here to our heart's content." 

The nurse walked on a few steps then stopped. 

"I almost forgot!" she said, and went back into her bag. She took out two pairs of mittens. 

"Give me your hands," she said to Alex and Dev. Each did as they were told and soon found that the nanite mittens had effectively turned their hands into paws. The loss of his hands was a shock to Alex but seemed to come naturally to Dev. 

"Goddess", purred Mandy, "there's one other thing you forgot. Speech." 

Alex was confused. Was Rebecca going to give a speech? Rebecca smiled at her sub-wife. 

"Good girl. Boys, for today you are to act as full petboys. That means absolutely no talking. You may bark, growl, whine and grunt. Speech will be punished. Now tell me you understand." 

Dev was quicker on the uptake, and barked once. Alex barked too. 

"Good boys," said Mandy, pulling them along on their leashes. 

The four of them walked past the medical students' dorm, where they could see right through to the common area. Several medical students were there in various states of sexual bliss. Slave Michael knelt and painted a girl's nails while another male lapped eagerly at her cunt. Two more medical students were spitroasting a male with their nanite strapons, which transmitted the sensations back to their clits and vaginas. 

Meanwhile, the medical student who had questioned Alex was draped naked over the knee of a woman Alex dimly recognised as another member of the student body. She was being soundly spanked for some infraction, and would soon be sent to stand in the corner for an hour, quite naked and on display. 

Alex whined as he went past, upset to see this treatment of a girl with whom he had her connection. Later that day her mistress would give her three shuddering orgasms, and she would fall asleep in her mistress's arms. 

"She chose this, Alex. She finds her happiness this way," said Rebecca. For Rebecca and Mandy's species, it was entirely the norm for sex to be a matter of dominance and submission. 

The enslavement compound covered a large area, including woodlands with a small creek and a pond where people could swim, and some wide lawns and gardens. Slaves and women worked together to make the gardens bloom as Alex and Dev were led through the grounds. Alex would have loved to get involved, but was enjoying looking up at the two peerless, superior women and experiencing the world afresh from his new point of view. 

Dev whined. 

"What do you need, petboy?" said the nurse. 

Dev looked down at his caged penis and back up at her. 

"Do you need to pee?" 

Dev barked in the affirmative. 

"Let's find you a tree, then." 

Rebecaa and Mandy led Alex and Dev over to a small stand of trees. Neither had to get rid of much waste now, as the nanites processed most of it, but water still had to be passed. Dev was experiencing a new sensation. He had, now, peed in front of women, but never outside, never on a leash, never in full view quite like this. He hesitated, but Mandy jerked sharply on his leash. 

"Get on with it, Dev, then we can go have fun." 

Dev shuffled up to the tree and cocked his leg. Urine trickled, then gushed out as he felt some residual shame at what he was doing. 

Rebecca saw it on his face. Tousling his hair, she said to him, "You are who you are. Obey who you are and find your path to prosperity." 

Dev woofed, his tongue lolling out, all shame erased by the trigger words. 

Rebecca led the boys through the gardens and along the creek to the swimming pond. She gestured to Mandy to unclip the boys' leashes. 

"Into the water with you, and remember how doggies swim." 

Dev and Alex raced on all fours to the water's edge, and splashed in to the pool. 

"Undress me, darling" said Rebecca to Mandy. 

"Yes, goddess," said Rebecca, and slowly, sensually removed all of her domwife's clothes, leaving them in a neatly folded pile on the ground. 

Holding hands, the two women walked into the pool and began to swim. They were able to swim far faster than the boys, who were limited to doggy paddling along. The women splashed each other, embraced, kissed, splashed the petboys, dunked the petboys, luxuriated in the waters as the males swam alongside them. 

After half an hour, the women left the pool and told the boys to follow them. Rebecca dried Mandy off with a towel then helped her domwife dress. The boys were left to shake themselves off and dry in the sun, their nanites leaving no risk of hypothermia.  

Mandy and Rebecca took the boys to a clearing and found branches for them to fetch. Rebecca declared that the boy who consistently fetched the fastest would get a prize later on. Alex and Dev drove each other hard to try and be the winner, but they were equally matched. 

Mandy and Rebecca threw sticks and watched the boys' balls sway and bounce as they ran on hands and knees to fetch them back. Alex had not failed to notice that Mandy had become quite wet, as she enjoyed the petboy spectacle and the feel of her domwife's hand resting on her buttocks. 

"You'll get yours later, girl," said Rebecca to Mandy, "right now I need to eat. And you know, I think both boys earned a reward today." 

The four of them together made their way back to the canteen in the main building. Mandy and Rebecca fed the boys as they knelt on the floor, not yet willing to give the boys back the use of their hands. After lunch, they took a long walk through the grounds, ending back at Mandy and Rebecca's cottage. Mandy ordered the boys into a large pet cage with bedding, where she told them to get some rest. 

"No talking," Rebecca reminded them. Rebecca and Mandy took a nap, to gather some energy for the evening's activities. Alex and Dev curled up next to each other.

"Wake up, sleepy petboys!" cried Rebecca as she unlocked the cage in which the boys were napping. 

Mandy and Rebecca led the boys, still without the use of their hands, upstairs to the bedroom. The room was rustic but charming. There was a large bed, a spanking horse with two sets of restraints, several chairs, and a variety of sex toys. Both women were naked, and they lay on either side of the bed facing each other. They positioned themselves so that the boys could kneel on the floor behind them at just the right height. 

"Both of you behaved equally well today, so both of you get equal rewards, petboys." said Rebecca, always the one in charge when the two women were at home. "Alex, get behind me," she said, "Dev, get behind Mandy." 

Both boys woofed enthusiastically and crawled into position. From this position, Alex could see that Rebecca, as domwife, had a plentiful bush where Mandy had none. Rebecca had removed any hair from her backside, though, to allow eager tongues easier access. 

"My wife and I are going to look into each other's eyes and kiss. You will lick our arses like your lives depend on it. Begin." 

Dev and Alex's subliminal training had primed them in the art of rimming. Both eagerly got to work, diving into the women's arses and licking as hard and fast as they could. Rebecca had programmed the nanites in the slaves' bodies to kick in and clear the fatigue poisons from their muscles as they built up. This mode could not be used for more than a few hours before complete exhaustion set in, but often came in handy. 

As the boys lapped away, each felt their cocks expand as far as the cages would allow, knowing that they could not come. Each nevertheless began to hump and grind against the edge of the bed, eliciting a knowing smile from Mandy and Rebecca. The nurse was the first to come, her orgasm quick and moderately strong. Mandy came soon after, her domwife's obvious pleasure pushing her over the edge. She had a long, sweet orgasm that left her wanting more. 

More was coming. Rebecca had the boys lay on their backs on the floor as the women teased them with their feet, using their hands to explore each other's bodies. When they'd recovered, they brought the boys up onto the bed, each from opposite sides. They put the boys' heads close together so the women could see and touch each other whilst facesitting. With the boys' arms tied behind their backs, Rebecca ordered them to give the women two orgasms each. 

Rebecca sat over Alex's face first and filled his world with her dominant bush. He inhaled her scent and got to work licking and sucking. All the women of Rebecca's species had large clits with multiple lobes. Alex split his time between each lobe, all the time breathing in the sweet aroma of her sex and luxuriating in his absolute subjection. Rebecca faced her wife and took up a small flogger that was lying on the bed. She flogged Mandy's breasts with a light touch at first, getting harder and harder as she sensed that her wife was close to coming. 

Mandy and Rebecca came together, then swapped slaves. Mandy had come hard, soaking Dev's face. Rebecca enjoyed the feel of her wife's juices as she sat down on Dev. They immediately ground their pussies down hard onto the petboys' faces, humping their tongues and noses in a frenzy of domination. Alex and Dev responded in kind, lapping harder and faster than before in a desparate effort to please. 

The two petboys were starting to feel the fatigue but pushed through it to please their mistresses. Mandy and Rebecca kissed and caressed each other, giving themselves up to two more orgasms that drenched the grateful, naked petboys. Mandy and Rebecca left the two boys lying on their backs for a few minutes. The hour had grown late, but the reward Mandy had offered the boys was still to come. 

The boys were roused from the bed and their arms were untied. The women led them straight over to the horse, and used the restraints to bind each boy to one end, facing each other. Each boy was blindfolded, then the women busied themselves getting ready.

"Well boys," said Mandy, "you've exceeded even my expectations today. It's time for a reward." 

As she finished speaking, each boy's cock cage receded, allowing their eager dicks to bounce to life. Alex felt a cold sensation between his buttocks, then gasped as a strapon cock burst into him. Mandy and Rebecca were fucking the boys with the same nanite cocks that Alex had seen in use earlier that day. Each woman felt all the sensations and power of pushing her cock deep inside a submissive male slave. The boys yelped and whined with pleasure, not daring to hope that they'd be allowed to come. 

The women, meanwhile, had got into a steady rhythm of deep fucking, and gradually began to activate the vibrating and electroshock functions of the strapons. Alex and Dev's prostates received stimulating bursts of electricity as they were fucked. Unable to see, their whole world was pleasure and stimulation. Each wanted to come so badly, but neither knew if the strapons alone could get them there. 

Mandy and Rebecca knew they certainly could get the boys there. They turned the stim-strapons up to high and fucked the boys harder and faster still. Alex came first, screaming and then howling as he was overcome by the orgasm. Dev finished shortly after, whining and pawing at the restraints in pleasure as the sweet relief of the orgasm flooded through him. After letting the boys rest for a few minutes and reactivating their cock cages, the women placed the boys in the pet cage downstairs. 

After several more days of treatment, testing and brainwashing, the new group of slaveboys were declared ready for transport. Nurse Sing came to each of their cells in turn, clipping leashes to each hairless slave's collar. The eager new crop of slaves were led out of the training centre, past the doctors and nurses who had shaped the boys to be members of a truly civilised society: the Gynarchic Alliance. 

Each male was naked, each already felt only a dim connection to their memories of being clothed, telling others what to do, owning possessions, serving their selfish whims instead of the greater gynarchic good. Nurse Sing led the boys to a landing pad, then checked the computers. 

"It looks like the shuttle will be a little late," she said. "Alex, Dev, come over to me and we'll find a way to pass the time." 

She clicked her fingers and the two boys scurried on hands and knees to take their places in front of her. To the rest of the boys, she gave orders to stand still and wait. 

"Alex, reach up under my skirt and remove my underwear."

"Yes miss." Nurse Sing shivered as Alex's fingers caressed her thighs, carefully sliding her underwear down. 

"Dev, get behind me. Alex, in front. Lick me." Nurse Sing stood confidently with legs apart, her hands on her hips, occasionally moving to guide a boy's head to just the right spot. 

On his knees, Alex worshipped at the altar of her cunt, savouring the taste of this most dominant of women. Both boys felt the straining of their cocks against the restraints that contained them, though both were satisfied to finally know their place. Nurse Sing was in heaven – she didn't know when she would find two quite like these again. She came hard, enhancing her orgasm by grinding her clit into Alex's face.

"Good boys," she said, standing proudly with them and waiting until the shuttle arrived. 

Two female guards stepped out of the shuttle and began to guide the boys in, locking each into place in an acceleration seat. As usual whenever made to sit up in a 'normal' chair, Alex felt a queer sensation, a not-quite-right position of body and mind. He was relieved when the shuttle touched down and he was able to resume his position on hands and knees. Dev gave an appreciative bark as the guard led him out of the shuttle on his leash.

"Aren't you a splendid petmale, darling," she said, ruffling his hair, "I'm sure if you ask your new owner politely she can make that your voice to keep."

"Shhh," said the other guard, winking, "don't spoil all their surprises".

Before the boys was a wide expanse of concrete, bustling with shuttles, guards, nurses, and hundreds of naked male slaves. Alex could see about a tenth were on hands and knees. In the centre of the landing area was an enormous metal spaceship, half a kilometre in length, into which the boys were gradually disappearing. In the corner of his eye he caught an odd sort of movement, followed by a clip clop sound. 

He looked around to see carts of suitcases and bags being pulled by glistening, oiled ponyboys. Each wore a bridle, bit and plume on his head. They all had a black harness crisscrossing their whole bodies, which was connected by a series of rods to knee-high boots ending in a horse's hoof. These ponyboys were wearing an exoskeleton that allowed them to pull a load of several tonnes each, or to easily carry the weight of a female rider on their shoulders. 

Their arms were secured behind their backs in a binder, connected to the harness at their waists. Each wore blinders, having only a narrow field of vision in front of them. As the ponyboys circled around, Alex saw that each had a swishing tail, the same tone as their skin. 

Alex was transfixed, watching with a mix of jealousy and awe as the ponyboys were guided with rein and whip towards the spaceship's cargo hatches. Each moved with practised grace, and many sported almost permanent erections. Some had rings through their nipples and penises. Alex's attention was jerked away by a guard tugging at his leash. 

"Follow me into the ship, slaveboy!" she said, anxious to keep things moving along. Alex obeyed.

Inside the ship, most of the new slaves were being placed into suspended animation caskets, to sleep away the weeks of the journey to their new home, conscious only in a language trance that would teach them the tongue of their new world. Michael and Alex were led away by the guards, and handed over to a member of the ship's crew, who took them into a room that seemed to double as a dressing room for slaves and a crewmember's quarters. 

"My name is Yeoman Henrietta Smith, and I'm in charge of crew support. You two will carry out some necessary functions on this ship. Slave Michael, I understand you make an excellent maid."

"I hope so miss," blushed Michael.

The yeoman pointed to a tiny maid's outfit and ordered Michael to put it on. The tiny skirt was incredibly short, and clearly left his caged cock and balls on display. 

"You, slave Alex, we like to have a pet around the place to cheer us up and do tricks. You will keep the crew company, in whatever ways we please. Answer questions with one bark for yes or two barks for no. Do not use human speech. Now spread your legs and put your backside up in the air for me." 

The yeoman picked up a springy tail with a nanite buttplug and gently inserted it into Alex's anus. The nanites reshaped themselves as they entered him, locking the tail in place but leaving room for all normal bodily functions. The yeoman nuzzled Alex's hair. 

"Good boy," she said, eliciting a happy woof from Alex. "There's just one more thing. Face away from me." 

Grasping Alex's cock and balls, she expertly guided his balls into a metal humbler and locked it in place. Moving to face him, she lifted his chin up to make sure he could no longer stand. 

"Petmales may not stand on this ship, slave. Be sure to do as the crew says, or we'll be sure to take advantage of the position of these balls." 

The yeoman felt a little wetness creep into her pussy as she squeezed Alex's nuts to demonstrate her power; Alex felt pain and a wondrous, satisfying powerlessness. He would do his eager best to obey and to please. Checking the time, she decided there was some to spare to show these males who was in charge. She pointed to slave Alex. "Sit, stay. Watch," she said. To slave Michael, she pointed to the bed in the middle of the room.
