 Chapter 5 - A trip to the countryside

After a few weeks of increasing domestic harmony, Ava organised a trip to the countryside for some friends and her lover. Ava awoke to the dutiful licking of her slave, and had her first orgasm of the day.

"Good boy. Now stand Alexi. Go downstairs and fix me breakfast. Bring breakfast up to me."

Alexi hurried downstairs. It felt a little strange to be on two legs, but this was part of his duties so he would carry out his orders. He dutifully prepared a morning meal - the one his mistress liked at the weekend - finding a tray and carrying the food carefully back upstairs. He watched as his mistress ate, occasionally accepting morsels she offered him from the plate. 

Ava got out of bed, still naked, and busied herself selecting clothes for her day. She picked out jodphurs and leather boots, a smart blouse, crop and a hat. She led Alexi into the bathroom and had him bathe her, cleaning every inch of her body attentively and slowly. 

After giving Alexi food and water, Ava reasoned that they had a little time spare. She led Alexi back to the bed and had him lay on his back. Plunging her wet pussy onto his face, she ordered Alexi to bring her to another orgasm as quickly as he could. He could sense nothing but her legs, pussy and ass as he lapped eagerly away at her clit. Ava looked down at the pet beneath her, enjoying the fast strokes of his tongue. She could see his cock trying to get hard in its cage, always a delightful show of her complete power over him. Good boys learned to wait. 

Ava began to grind her pussy deeper and deeper into Alexi's face, smothering him entirely and forcing him to suck in breaths whenever he could. She came all over him, her juices flowing freely over his nose and chin, as she continued to grind the scent of her dominion into him. She hopped lightly off, then told Alexi to clean up his face and join her in the back garden. 

Alexi, in the absence of any orders to the contrary, entered the garden on hands and knees, as a pet should, with his leash in his mouth as his mistress liked. He saw that his mistress had taken an exoskeleton from the storage shed in her back garden. 

"Come here, Alexi. Today you will be my pony. Up on two feet."

Alexi woofed. Ava took her crop and hit Alexi across the buttocks.

"Ponies do not bark. Collar: speech mode to pony!"

Alexi made to apologise but was only able to whinny in response. Ava smiled - he had a good pony voice.

"Come here and let's get your boots on."

Ava guided Alexi's feet into platformed pony-boots, with hooves on the soles. He was anxious not to be hit with the crop again and did his best to help. Next, Ava placed a bit in his mouth and a bridle on his head, securing each with straps and locks. She brought Alexi's hands together behind his back and slid a binder across them, cinching it tight and then attaching it to a belt she buckled around his waist. Next, she fit blinders to his head, limiting his vision. 

She stroked Alexi's flank - he was going to make a fine pony, especially when she took him out to a country estate and had him stabled during her stay. Ava looked forward to many such weekends in the company of other equestrian women. There were two more things to do. Firstly, Ava lubed up a tail and pushed it gently into Alexi's backside. It penetrated him then changed shape, locking into him until his mistress gave the command to release. The plug began to press against his prostate, sending gentle electrical pulses through him to ensure he was alert and ready. 

Secondly, Ava guided Alexi into the exoskeleton. Its mechanisms closed around his legs and torso, enhancing his strength to the point where he could pull a cart or run as a pony for hours. She attached a rein to his bridle and then led him to the front of the house, where she attached him to a small cart. Next, hitching the reins to a post, she went back inside to pack. Alexi was left hitched, unable to move, a true example of male livestock made to serve the whims of mistresses. Many women and their slaves walked past as Alexi stood and waited; the women admired the posture and submission of the frisky pony. Alexi waited, helpless and on display.

After taking quite some time to pack, Ava reemerged from the house, unhitched the ponyboy and loaded up her suitcases. Settling into the driver's seat of the cart, Ava carefully guided Alexi up the drive and onto the street. The roads were wide, with lanes for ponyboys and lanes for real vehicles, though much traffic went through the air instead. Ava started Alexi off on a gentle trot. She used the whip sparingly, keeping Alexi on a straight line. 

Alexi began to settle into the rhythm of being a pony. Ava drank in the power she had over this male animal, already quite turned on by the swaying of his hips and the swish of his tail. She was travelling to a picnic with some intimate friends - she was particularly looking forward to getting out into nature and stripping down with the other women in her circle. Ava guided Alexi to pick up one of the women along the way. 

Alexi was guided up the driveway then brought to a halt in front of a small cottage on the outskirts of town. From the cottage emerged a thin, blonde girl in her early twenties. She was wearing equestrian gear herself, but had left her small breasts free and exposed. Climbing down from the carriage, Ava approached her and kissed her passionately in front of Alexi, eliciting a snort and a whinny from the ponyboy. He had met Lonna a few times, but never really interacted with her. He knew that she and his mistress were very close. 

Alexi's cock cage dug in as he wached Ava's hands wander over the blonde, cupping her breasts and buttocks. Hand in hand, the two women climbed up into the cart. The blonde, sensing Ava's excitement, slipped a hand beneath Ava's jodphurs and went to work. Alexi tried to focus on pulling the cart, and not on the excited sounds coming from behind him. All the while though, the buttplug continued to keep the helpless ponyboy turned on and wishing he could be allowed to cum.

The cart, ponyboy and two free women continued out into the countryside. They passed many ponyboys, petmales and service slaves along the way, all serving their mistresses in the pursuit of happiness. In many of the fields and quieter corners they passed, there were groups of slaves and women busy enjoying themselves. Alexi saw petmales playing catch, service males eating pussies, and even ponyboys being raced. Alexi maintained a solid pace, the exoskeleton doing much of the work. His mistress used the whip to remind him of his status as livestock, and to encourage the elegant strides of a show pony. 

To avoid the whip, Alexi was made to lift his legs higher, with his lower leg pointing straight down, in a graceful rhythm. Ava guided him like this to the edge of a small lake, only a few hundred metres in diameter, where a group of five other women already waited. Ava and her lover, Lonna, were the last to arrive. One other ponyboy was there, plus two service slaves. Alexi was hitched to a post next to the other ponyboy and left to watch the women on their picnic, who talked and laughed together as the service slaves cut up the food and helped the women relax with massages and foot rubs. 

The women were mostly from the same species as Ava and Lonna, but there was one there with darker skin, more angular facial features and pointed ears. She was clearly the domwife of an attractive redhead who was part of the group, going so far as to keep her naked subwife on a collar and leash; close to the deepest level of submission a woman was legally able to show. She owned one of the service males and the other ponyboy, with the other service male owned by a trio of women who lived together platonically, using the lucky but tired male for their "other" needs. 

It was a hot day and the women gradually stripped; Ava's lover Lonna was magnificently beautiful, naked in the full sun, and seemed to follow Ava's lead in most things. The women swam in the clear lake, occasionally coming out to give the ponyboys a drink or something to eat. The service males were left to clear up the picnic, then knelt with their hands behind their backs and legs spread, ready for further orders. After they had emerged from their swim and dried off, the women approached the two ponyboys and began to run their hands over the harnessed males, exploring their flanks, chests, nipples, balls and cocks.

"So Ava," said the dominant green-skinned alien, still holding her wife on a leash, "this if your new boy, is it? What's his name?"

"It's Alexi, Kel, and you and your wife are welcome to come visit with us anytime."

"I'm sure Sonare and I would love that. Have you raced him yet?"

"Thought you'd never ask, Kel. Alexi, kneel while I explain a few things to you."

Alexi knelt down in the dirt, waiting for his mistress to instruct him. 

"Ponyboys can race pulling carts, but it's not very intimate. You won't have noticed this, pony, but on your shoulders and behind your head, there's a mounting attachment on the exoskeleton." 

Ava walked over to the cart and came back with a specially adapted half-saddle, in brown leather. She attached the saddle to Alexi with a few quick snaps and tested it for hold. It had a generous seat and handles to either side of the pony's head that could be held for balance or used to steer - short reins could also be used, as could thighs. Then, she picked up her riding crop and mounted the saddle. Ava had replaced her riding boots and her top, but had omitted the jodphurs or any underwear. Her wet, dominant pussy pushed firmly into the back of Alexi's neck, where her juices and his sweat began to intermingle.

"Alexi, follow my orders slowly and carefully. Do not drop me. If you think you might drop me, let me know with a whinny and we'll go slower. You won't be punished for keeping me safe. Now, stand up straight."

Alexi stood, slowly lifting his owner in the air and feeling her boots rest against his chest. Ava balanced in the saddle, gradually making her body move as one with the ponyboy. Ava used her thighs to steer Alexi, who instinctively understood which way to turn and how fast.

"My god, Ava," said Lonna, "have you really never done this with him before?"

"First time, my love. I told you he was special." 

Alexi snorted happily; this was bliss. He was becoming the ponyboy he'd always wished he could be.

"Walk forward slowly, pony," said Ava. 

Alexi began to walk forward, making little deviations as he spotted objects blocking their path. He gradually got the feel for how to carry Ava, leaning slightly into a turn then adjusting his balance to match the way her body moved. Ava beamed at her watching friends, as her able ponyboy forgot that he was a slave and became simply an extension of her being. 

She began to increase Alexi's pace, getting him up to a light canter as he made laps of the lake. The sweat began to drip from him as his body got hotter and hotter. 

Sonare approached her domwife, Kel, and spoke, "Goddess, may I ride our pony too?"

"Of course my girl." 

Kel reflected that she had never met a rider as able as Sonare. Sonare was devoted to the care of their pony, who worked with the women each day as they tended a small patch of farmland not far from where they were picnicking. Sonare was let off the leash and quickly saddled and mounted the ponyboy. She still wore her collar; always wore it, and could not remove it.

"Up, Fleet of Foot," said Sonare. 

Their pony served them in that capacity only, never entering their home and sleeping on straw in the stable at night. They had wanted a name for him that truly fitted his magnificent, dark-skinned, slim body. Fleet of Foot's hair was set into a mane, and he sported a permanent tail that was biologically indistinguishable from the rest of his body, as well as several brands. His hands and arms were held in place behind his back and never allowed out of their binder, though the nanites kept them in good order. 

Fleet of Foot had been a free male once, working as a mounted policeman on a planet that the Gynarchic Alliance had annexed. He had forgotten his old name, even his old language. His enslavement had not been voluntary - his planet did not have enough volunteers to fill the quota, so some were taken by force. However, the trainers had discovered in him a strong identification with the equine world, so strong that they used it to shape him into a willing ponyboy. 

Fleet of Foot's vocal cords had been ponified by his collar. He had not used human-style speech in fifteen years, and was now quite incapable of it. The mind erases skills if they are never used, and Fleet of Foot was now truly a pony. Fleet of Foot was made to walk forward slowly, then canter. Next, Sonare had him pull up next to Kel. 

"The cage, goddess?" said the naked subwife.

Kel removed Fleet of Foot's chastity cage, letting the aroused ponyboy's cock spring free. The two wives often let him ride like this, unshackled, proudly on display. They had grown his cock long and thick, and Sonare liked to make use of it from time to time, asserting her ownership by using the nanites to keep Fleet of Foot on the edge but unable to orgasm as she brought herself off on him. 

Sonare liked to milk the boy once a week, enough to calm him but not so often as to spoil the animal. Fleet of Foot was helplessly, utterly in love with Sonare and would go to any length to serve her; for his other mistress he felt love but also some jealousy and fear. 

Now Sonare began to show off her control of Fleet of Foot, having him wind quickly around nearby trees and rocks, expertly balancing and recovering as Sonare's thighs grasped the ponyboy's head. Sonare had fallen once or twice, always blaming the excess she pushed the boy to rather than the pony himself. She had learnt that he was unable to disobey her, and now adjusted her riding accordingly. Next, she had the ponyboy gallop around the area, reaching a frightening speed, but always with graceful steps and fluid turns. He whinnied and neighed happily - this was much more fun than ploughing or chasing foxes away from the land.

Finally, she had Fleet of Foot pull to a stop near the hitching post. He did not want to be hitched again, preferring to be rode and to run, which was his true element. Ava pulled up next to her with Alexi, who had been attempting to master some tighter turns, though at a low speed. Seeing Fleet of Foot's uncaged cock, Ava had Lonna come over and uncage Alexi. She motioned Lonna to give her pony's cock some attention; Ava wanted Alexi and Lonna to bond. Lonna complied, never thinking to say no to Ava's instructions. As the women stood and chatted about what to have the ponies do next, Lonna ran her hands and nails up and down Alexi's cock. He whinnied his approval, trying to convey thank you, miss with his eyes. 

"Do you fancy a race?" said Sonare to Ava.

"You'd trounce us! No offence to Alexi, he'll be a wonderful pony, but how could we ever beat Fleet of Foot?"

"I tell you what. We'll do a time trial. Four laps of the lake each, in turns. Fleet of Foot will set a pace and we'll see if Alexi can match it exactly, and how gracefully he does it. Nothing too hard for the first three laps."

"You're on, darling."

Sonare took her pony for his first lap. One of the household of three women was assigned to time the lap; the other two had taken their service slave to a small copse of trees, where they were busy spitroasting him over a log with impressively large stim strapons. This had become something of a picnic tradition for them, and the slave knew no finer way to spend an afternoon in nature - he was a slut for strapon cock and his owners knew it. 

Sonare took Fleet of Foot around the lake at little more than a gentle walk. The ponyboy did not want to be beaten by this upstart, and tried to urge his mistress-rider to take them faster. She understood his competitive urge but quelled it with sharp blows of her crop to the pony's naked buttocks. 

"You'll get a chance to show them your speed, Fleet of Foot. Show them your grace, too."

The pony slowed to the required pace and completed a gentle lap. Each step he took was the model of showmanship, for Fleet of Foot loved to put on a display. 

Ava took Alexi to the start line and set them off. Alexi had understood what was required of him but had no way to count time - Ava had brought up a little holographic display built into the saddle, and attempted to guide the ponyboy around at the right pace. She used the crop to slow or speed him, being careful not to mark the skin. She needed his buttocks free of damage for the planned finale of their little picnic. 

"Pick up your knees, ponboy. Higher, higher, yes that's good. Plant your hooves down firmly. You're on display, my show pony. Show my friends and my lover how proud you are to be my ponyboy."

Alexi settled into a rhythm of careful, showy strides. Ava was a few seconds over the time set when the lap finished. She preferred to bring the pony in carefully showing his obedience than in a mad dash to meet the time. The women clapped and Ava acknowledged their applause. She was beginning to feel very hot indeed in the sun and removed her top, exposing her fulsome breasts. By the acknowledgement of the group, she had the most beautiful breasts of anyone there. 

As they watched Fleet of Foot complete his next lap, Lonna moved to Alexi and simply held his hard cock in her hand, gripping around the base of his balls and squeezing very lightly, the pressure helping Alexi deeper into a submissive mindset. Lonna wanted to see the naked animal perform at his best. Ava took Alexi back around the circuit, needing to use the crop only once, and almost matching the time set. This time the applause was more enthusiastic, and Sonare, the acknowledged authority on riding amongst the women, gave Ava a nod - an excellent ride.

Sonare took Fleet of Foot back out for the penultimate circuit. She drove him harder than before, a strong canter, shaving quite a few seconds off their previous time. Sonare came to a stop in front of Ava, smiled and raised her eyebrow. Match that. Ava had grown in confidence in her mount and her riding. She thought Alexi could probably match the time but not go much faster without falling to exhaustion. She tapped her feet on Alexi's side and off they went. 

Ava used her thighs to keep up an even pressure as they quickly lapped the lake, with Alexi leaning skilfully into the turn to keep them on track. The time was a few seconds slower than Fleet of Foot's, and Alexi stood panting with the exertion. He was getting worried about how to even attempt to match the next lap.

Sonare and Fleet of Foot rocketed off around the lake. Fleet of Foot took the turns magnificently, tail swishing and legs galloping, his pony cock bobbing as he went. He used his hooves expertly, biting deep into the ground for traction, then sprinted to the finish. Sonare skidded to a halt on Fleet of Foot and looked worried. There was no way, absolutely no way, that a new, green ponyboy could match that, let alone do so safely.

"Sorry, Ava. I got carried away there."

Ava laughed. "No kidding. Alexi. Take me round fast but safely. Forget about the time. With a few years of practice we might beat that. Today, take me round safely. Understand?"

Alexi neighed his agreement. He was relieved, truth be told - there was no way he would beat that. He walked to the start line, braced, and set off. He worked up quickly through a canter into a light gallop, breathing hard. A few of the turns were close, one especially so when Ava balanced the wrong way. Alexi stumbled, almost panicked, then caught them, slowing to recover balance and then speeding up again. He ran fast along the last part of the lap, but not as fast as he thought he could - they came in quite a few seconds over Sonare and Fleet of Foot's time. 
