 Chapter 6 – A day with Lonna

The next day, Ava left early to get started on a new project at her job. She was a geneticist, working on a project to explore the genomes of the new human species that had joined the Gynarchic Alliance. Such research would add to the collective knowledge of the GA, as well as coming up with new methods to control human males like Alexi or Dev. Ava left Lonna in charge of things, tasking her with a little shopping and spending some time showing Alexi who was boss. 

As Alexi woke, he found a short note on the door of his cage: "Puppy, wake Mistress Lonna as you would Mistress Ava." 

Alexi crawled to the bed on all-fours and lifted the sheets, then climbed under. He approached Mistress Lonna between her legs, but was flummoxed to find her sleeping on her front. He couldn't wake her by licking her pussy, as he would Ava. Instead, he tried to follow orders as best he could and began to lick her arse. Alexi dutifully licked up, down and around her small, pert bottom, trying to get his tongue as deep as it could go. Lonna began to awaken and instinctively spread her legs a little, giving the petmale more room to really start rimming her. 

Alexi buried his face in his co-owner's backside, as his ministrations began to elicit little moans of pleasure from Lonna. Gradually becoming more and more awake, she became fully conscious of the male pet submissively licking her from behind. 

"Good puppy."

Alexi gave a gentle woof of acknowledgement.

"Keep rimming your mistress, puppy."

Alexi, pleased to have orders, continued with gusto. Lonna moved a hand down to her clit and began to masturbate. Her mind wandered to the body of her gorgeous, dominant wife and took in all of the things they were going to do together over the years. Lonna looked forward to the many spankings and fuckings Ava would give her, the many times she would suck her goddess's strapon cock to the point where Ava would come. She began to fantasise too, about always having their petmale available for whenever Lonna wanted to get off, about taking Alexi with her own strapon and really showing him what it meant to be a piece of property. 

Lonna followed these winding thoughts for several blissful minutes, all while Alexi continued to rim her, bonding more and more with his new mistress. Lonna came, her fingers getting her there and the rimjob she was receiving enhancing the orgasm deliciously. She shifted her knees and lifted her pussy off the bed.

"Clean mistress, puppy."

Alexi worked his tongue now all over Lonna's pussy, gratefully swallowing up her juices and eventually leaving Lonna clean and just a little moist. She sat up in bed and patted Alexi on the head.

"Good boy," she said, as Alexi nuzzled her leg and belly. 

Lonna got out of bed and began to rummage in a drawer. She came back to the bed with something in her hand and had Alexi kneel on the floor, but on his hind legs with his chest presented to her. She caressed the puppy's nipples and then with a fluid motion attached a nipple clamp to each of his nipples, linked by a chain.

"I own you now, puppy. I believe in shaping males through discipline, and discipline can mean pain. The pain from these clamps is to remind you all day – and you will wear these all day, they're quite safe – that you belong to me. This is not a punishment. It's a statement of ownership. I'm going to tighten these, puppy. Bark once for me when they're too tight for you to bear."

Lonna slowly, teasingly began to tighten the clamps on the puppy's nipples. Alexi felt the pain build and build, shocked at the intensity and the casual way that this naked subwife reduced him to his rightful place beneath her. He barked as the pain became too much, at which point Lonna loosened the clamps just a little bit. She gave them a couple of yanks to make sure they were secure, making Alexi whine and whimper, then leashed him and led him downstairs. 

Lonna fixed herself breakfast and had Alexi suck her toes under the table as she ate. Having not been told to stop, he continued to suck them as she read the day's news on a tablet. Finished with the news, Lonna put down Alexi's food and water in bowls on the floor as she reviewed the tasks she needed to do that day. Firstly, she was going to resign her job – it was little more than socially useful make-work in any case, processing applications for housing. She wanted to devote herself to Ava completely, could serve her better if she were at home more. She filled out the paperwork online and emailed it in – she was at least free of that now. 

Next, she picked up the list of tasks that her goddess had asked her to complete that day. Some of it was routine – getting food and other supplies – but further down the list was a rather more interesting entry. Lonna was to go to the local subwife emporium for a 'fitting'. What kind of fitting wasn't specified, but there was a sealed letter with the instructions that she was to hand to the shop assistant at the subwife emporium. Alexi had finished his food meanwhile and crawled into the sitting room to join her, his leash held in his mouth. The note asked Lonna to follow up the fitting by visiting the local petmale store – Ava wanted a surprise, something that would let Lonna show her dominance over Alexi and please Ava at the same time.

Lonna took them into the bathroom and washed herself, then the petmale down. She spent some time oiling the puppy's skin, working the oil into every nook and cranny until he had a faint bronze sheen – she hoped her goddess would appreciate such attention to detail. Lonna decided to take Alexi into the garden for a little light training. She led the petmale down the stairs and out into the yard, picking up a crop along the way.

"Alexi, look at me." The petmale looked up at Lonna.

"Sit up and beg, Alexi." Alexi sat on his hind legs and raised his hands towards Lonna.

Lonna struck the male hard with the crop, "Petmales whine when they sit up and beg. Whine, puppy!"

Alexi began to whine, desperate to please his new owner and avoid further strikes from the stinging crop.

"Still not good enough, pet. But better. Move your paws a little when you beg."

At this order, Alexi began to move his paws in small circular motions towards his mistress. Lonna smiled. She was already getting a good response from Alexi - here he was, kneeling on the grass, whining and begging just like a good puppy. She had Alexi practise begging for a few more minutes then decided to try something different.

"Now then, puppy. Roll over."

Alexi hit the grass with his back and rolled over once. His caged cock bobbed as he rolled, making Lonna giggle. Alexi stopped and looked up at Lonna. She scowled and struck him again with the crop.

"I didn't tell you to stop, puppy. Keep going."

Not daring to disobey, Alexi tried to relax into rolling over in front of his mistress. He could feel his cock bouncing as he rolled back and forth, back and forth. He felt completely exposed, totally at her mercy. Gradually the humiliation began to subside. Lonna's continued good-natured laughter and the physical motion took Alexi into a pleasant rhythm. It was a warm day and he began to enjoy playing with his owner like this. He was, after all, just a pet.

"Last trick, pet. Play dead."

Alexi collapsed down onto the ground and tried to lie as still as possible. 

"Hmmmm," said Lonna, "something not quite right about this. Stick your paws and legs up in the air."

Alexi complied, trying to keep his limbs perfectly still. Lonna walked around him for a full two minutes, looking for any signs of life and giggling constantly to herself. 

"Not bad, puppy. Now for a little reward." She knelt down next to him, "suck on my tits a little before we go and do our chores."

Alexi bounded up to her as fast as he could go on all-fours and accepted her perky tit into his mouth. He sucked quickly at first, before Lonna admonished him to slow down, "Do it sensuously, pet. There's no rush. Long, deep sucks and slow licks." Alexi did his best to follow orders. Lonna responded to the slower sucking, quietly moaning as the male slave lavished her tits with attention. She held Alexi by the hair and kept him in close to her chest, not letting the puppy stop sucking until she had had her fill. It was good to own a pet. Alexi, for his part, felt good to be owned.

The obedience lesson over, Lonna decided to walk and take the bus to do her various tasks. Lonna put on the skimpy shoes that were all she was allowed to wear and led Alexi out of the house on his leash. He crawled as normal, his hands protected by the mitts and his knees by hard-wearing pads that his nanites caused to grow. Lonna felt good being naked outdoors. She almost felt like she was owned – in a sense she was, but only as a result of a gift she had freely given to her goddess Ava. 

The eyes of many women, service males, pets and ponies were on her nude form as she strolled to the bus stop. Waiting for the bus, she got chatting to a young female couple who were there with a petmale each. The petmales were shorter and stockier than Alexi, with grey skin and almost no hair on their heads. Lonna could barely tell them apart.

"They're lovely," said Lonna, "but I don't recognise the breed."

"These two are Linuans. Their planet wasn't very populous, annexed about ten years ago – it wasn't in the news much."

"Are they first generation then?"

"Oh yes, born as "free" males, lived that way til they were eighteen, which is when the annexation happened."

"Volunteers?"

"Oh yes, it was a savage planet. They're twins actually – completely identical. When the annexation happened, they went together to volunteer – it seemed like a better life. They were mind-scanned, back before those new drugs were invented that force them to tell the truth about what kind of slave they want to be. The scans were quicker but much more resource intensive – wasteful really. I'm told it came as quite a shock when they were stripped naked in front of each other and then made into puppies on the spot – but it was what they always wanted deep down. 

"We gave them back person speech for one day nine years ago. They begged us to keep them as puppies, never let them go, never change them back. Neither's spoken a word of person speech since then – they've certainly forgotten how. We like to keep them together. We had their ages stabilised at nineteen, they're good boys – competitive though! This one's called Yip, and that one is Yap."

Each petmale barked and whined, trying to show that they were the best puppy, really. 

"Do they play nicely together?"

"Oh, quite! Boisterous though. We know another couple with two Linuan dogs – we let them all "play" together sometimes. It's a completely bisexual species, you know. Have you ever seen boys fuck each other?"

"Once or twice," said Lonna – it was fairly common and some women were particularly drawn to the spectacle.

"No males fuck like petmales fuck. It's pure sensuality – no language – just touch and taste. You really must see it sometime, I'll ping some of our videos to your wrist computer. And what about yours, where's he from?"

"The newest annexed planet, Earth. On all fours ever since volunteering, except when he's a pony really."

"May I take a look?"

"Sure."

The alien woman bent down to examine Alexi. She looked in his mouth, caressed his chest and back, examined his ears, then cupped his balls and penis, comparing the length and girth to that of her own animals. 

"Nice pet."

"I'll let my domwife know – we're very proud to have such a good puppy." Alexi woofed his thanks. 

"I'm sure she's proud to have such a lovely girl, too."

Lonna blushed and looked down at the ground – she occasionally forgot she was naked, completely on display. But never for long. 

The bus arrived. Lonna took them food shopping, picking out exactly what she wanted and loading it all into bags, which she then dutifully took home on the bus and unpacked. At home, she put her feet up for a few minutes – Alexi made an excellent footstool – then headed back out to the subwife emporium. She took a different bus this time, heading deeper into the centre of the city where they lived. She wasn't familiar with this emporium – it wasn't one of the big names, but more of a boutique. It specialised in very personal service. 

Walking through the double doors, Lonna was immediately struck by the plush surroundings. There were racks of clothes, all manner of bondage gear and strapons, leather couches, and a variety of women roaming the shop. Some were clearly here as submissives, others as dominants. Three seemed to be models, naked college girls, working in the shop. Lonna was immediately greeted by another subwife. This woman was in middle-age, with graceful curves and still perky breasts. She was quite naked, collared just like Lonna was. 

This subwife was wearing a fair amount of bondage – her ankles were shackled together on a long chain, her hands similarly so on another long chain. The chain that held her hands was connected to another chain that was locked tightly around her waist, padlocked to a vertical chain that bisected her pussy. Finally, her nipples were clamped too, and pierced. She could clearly still move freely, but was displaying absolute submission. 

Behind her stood two maids – male slaves with small breasts, wearing skimpy maid outfits that left their caged cocks exposed, and stockings and high heels. Their faces were made up in a feminine style and they moved with grace, albeit quite slowly. These maids were slaves, just like all other males, but typically trusted with just a little more responsibility, and certainly more than a pet like Alexi. There seemed to be two groups of subwives – the full, long-term wives like the woman with the maids in tow had larger gold nipple rings, while the models, only temporary subwives, had smaller silver nipple rings. 

"Welcome to the Jade Subwife Emporium. My name is Sharpella, and I am a subwife in the five wife family that runs this shop. Do you have an appointment?"

"Hi. Um. Yes, I think so. My domwife called ahead – Ava."

"Splendid! You must be Lonna then?" 

"That's right."

"I shall fetch Goddess Teoni and we shall begin." Sharpella went to the back of the shop and emerged following her goddess. Teoni was a severe, thin woman who oozed dominance, and was dressed in a smart business suit. Each of the maids bowed to her as she passed.

"Do you have a letter, girl?"

"Yes, miss." Lonna handed her the letter. Teoni opened it and read it over.

"Have you read this?"

"No, miss."

"Then do so now."

Lonna read the letter. It instructed her to obey Teoni as if she were her own goddess, to comply with instructions and to try to be a good girl. She was, for the next few hours, placed intimately into the care of Goddess Teoni.

"Do you agree to these terms, girl?"

"Yes miss! I agree!"

"Good. Shop rules for subwives: try to be quiet and attentive, follow instructions, and enjoy yourself. Now, hand me the leash of your pet and we'll get started." 

Teoni took the leash of Alexi, then clipped a new leash to Lonna's collar. She led them both to the far side of the store, with the maids and her subwife in tow. On one of the leather couches, a redhead domwife – a customer – was spanking her subwife over her knee, giving her a lengthy and painful punishment for having refused to try on some outfits that her domwife rather liked. There were six other subwives in the shop. Teoni and her fellow domwife kept three permanent subwives between them – these were all arrayed out in quite impressive bondage. Each wore a tight chain harness on their pussies, cinched in tightly enough to remind them of their goddess's control whenever they walked or stood. 

Beyond them, there were three more models – they had signed temporary contracts with the household to work in the shop as submissive employees. The shop recruited them from local universities; two of the girls lounged together on a sofa, whilst one stood, bound to a St Georges cross whilst a pneumatic dildo relentlessly fucked her shaved cunt, its internal reservoir of lubricant keeping her endlessly wet. She made constant small sounds of pleasure into a ball gag, audible to all whenever the shop was quiet. It wasn't clear if this was a reward or a punishment. 

Lonna was able to get a closer look at the young models – each had a ring pierced through either side of their labia. The girls on the couch, she could clearly see, had a tiny heart-shaped padlock linking the rings together. They could easily access their clits but could only be fucked if someone removed the locks. Teoni pressed Lonna down into a chair, bringing her back to reality. 

"Maids – pedicure, manicure, make up, get her hair up into a bun, and make sure she's relaxed and happy."

"Yes mistress!" said both maids on cue.

The maids knelt and ministered to Lonna's needs, expertly shaping her nails and toenails and painting them a scarlet red. They applied subtle makeup to Lonna's face, enhancing the natural beauty of the blonde girl. When they were done, they remained kneeling, massaging Lonna's feet. One of the subwives returned and handed Lonna a small drink – a cocktail with just a little alcohol. It tasted good. 

Goddess Teoni returned with a tape measure and had Lonna stand. She took intimate measures of the young subwife's body, complimenting her on her toned physique and admiring the excellent make up that she now wore. The measurements could be done more accurately with a laser, but Teoni preferred the personal touch. When she had finished entering the measurements into a pad, she handed the list to the maids and told the boys to bring out the items listed in the sizes specified. 

In the dead centre of the shop floor, there was a set of benches and a raised platform. This was the area where subwives could try on items picked out for them by their goddesses. Privacy was not required. Ava had decided that after the first month of nudity, Lonna could wear certain clothes her domwife had picked out for her, if she had been well-behaved enough. The first outfit Lonna was given to try on was all red leather. Long boots, a thong, a short skirt and a corset. Lonna twirled happily as Teoni took pictures to send to Ava. 

To reinforce the girl's submission, between each outfit change Teoni had Lonna stand naked on the pedestal with her arms behind her head for two minutes. A handful of customers came and went, some admiring the lithe subwife on the platform, others her faithful male pet, who was held firmly on his leash to wait and watch as Lonna tried on her new clothes. Next, Lonna tried on a long black silk skirt, cut all the way up the leg to the waist – she worse this with bare breasts, the skirt accentuating her curves. The third outfit was a shiny, transparent cocktail dress, worn without underwear and with transparent shoes. The light caught the folds of the dress, which was made of a pvc-like material and fit Lonna tightly.

Lonna was enjoying showing off to the watching women, even enjoying the lustful eyes of the slave males in the store. The next several outfits were mainly matching sets of lingerie, some skimpy, others more fulsome or frilly. The frilly ones in particular made Lonna feel like she was particularly fancy and submissive – an old-fashioned subwife. Two sets of lingerie were made from the transparent PVC. Some more "normal" sets of clothes were added – all small dresses and skirts and tops, with the skirts always cut extremely short. Several pairs of high heels were added as they went – in black, white and red of various materials. 

Next, Teoni dressed Lonna in a chain harness, the same kind her own subwives wore. They adjusted the chains until Lonna could move in the most graceful way with them on. One chain went down between her legs and pushed her lips apart. It was soon coated with her wetness. The final few outfits were all special costumes. The first was a nurse's outfit, which showed off Lonna's cleavage delightfully. The second was a smart secretary's outfit with a very short skirt, and the third was a leather harness that criss-crossed Lonna's upper body with a strap running down over her sex. The fourth outfit was equestrian gear, but suitably revealing to show who was the subwife of the two when they both went out riding. 
