 Chapter 4 - Bought

Ava led Alex out of the processing building, leading him by his leash. Alex crawled on all fours, impeded by the humbler around his balls. His tail stuck up from his behind, wagging as he moved forward. His new mistress led him to her personal vehicle, and had him crawl up into a caged off area in the back. Slave males who stood upright were allowed to sit as normal in cars; petmales and other livestock were transported in a way befitting their role.

Ava set the car's automatic drive system to take her home. She had a burning need to show Alex his new home, and to get his able tongue inside her horny pussy. The car took them quickly to her home, where she got out and took Alex by the leash. Opening the front door, she looked down at his naked, petmale form and patted his head.

"Welcome to your new home, slave. Remain in the grounds of this home at all times unless ordered otherwise."

Crossing the threshold, she led Alex into the sitting room. Ava knelt down and faced Alex. 

Remove all the clothes on my upper body," she said. Alex quickly stripped off her shirt and unbuckled her bra. 

"Now suck on your mistress's tits, pet." 

Ava gazed down at Alex as he enthusiastically sucked on her pert nipples, scraping her fingernails along his back and down his sides. She luxuriated in the power she held and the sweet feeling of having her nipples tended to. 

"Now remove the rest of my clothes slave. Collar: slave voice to petmale mode."

The collar shot tendrils of nanites into Alex's throat, partially disabling his vocal cords and turning his voice into that of a dog.

"You will use whines and barks when you need to tell me something. You are no longer a man, no longer a citizen. You are a pet. My pet. You are what we both want you to be."

Alex used his hands to remove Ava's clothes, until she was completely naked. He barked his appreciation at her gorgeous, curvy form.

"I am nude, pet. I am a person who has chosen to remove her clothes. You are not nude. Petmales do not wear clothes because you are not people. You are animals. Now, pet, lick my pussy and make me come."

Ava took Alex over to the couch, where she sat and opened her legs to his tongue. Holding his leash, she guided him into her ample bush, then set him to licking her clit. Her pubic hair was another sign of her superiority; no male was permitted it, but a free dominant female could have all the hair she wanted. Alex licked skilfully and slowly, trying to convey his intense passion for this woman and his absolute servitude. It took several minutes for Ava to reach her shattering orgasm, and she held Alex to her for a full minute as she rode it to completion.

"Good boy. Good boy. Now then, a few house rules. Firstly, you do not come up on the furniture. If you are good, I may let you sleep on my bed. But you will never come up on the couch or the kitchen chairs. Most often, you will sleep in a cage in my bedroom. Occasionally my girlfriend will come over and we may keep you in the cage as we fuck. Stare or look away - it makes no difference to be gazed at by a pet. 

The second rule is never leave the house without my permission. Your collar will disable you if you do with a painful shock, and I'll punish you severely. The third rule is person speech will be granted to you on rare occasions. Understand?"

Alex woofed.

"The fourth rule is keep yourself clean - I don't want a dirty pet. The fifth rule is to wake me up each morning by getting under the bedcovers and licking my pussy - the alarm in your collar will wake up you up at the right time and the cage will automatically unlock. The sixth rule is that you may gain points toward an orgasm, but you have no right to one even if you get enough points. 

I may make you cum whilst I strapon fuck you, I may have you come on my feet or my tits. When I tell you to lick your cum up, you will comply and you will enjoy it. That's enough rules, pet. One more thing - I like your old name but it needs to be a bit pettier. I'm going to call you Alexi."

Alex, or Alexi, felt the shock of losing his name. He was suddenly aware of his status. On all fours, humbled and collared, held by a leash, in an alien house on an alien world. He was not a person now, he was an animal, owned and kept as a pet. The thought sent a shiver down his spine. He gazed at the floor, now always so much closer to his vision than to a superior female. He knew he was where he belonged.

Ava had recovered enough energy for the next bout and went upstairs to fetch her stim strapon and a light flogger. She pointed to a spot on the living room floor and told Alexi to stay. On the way up, Ava practically skipped and danced in exultation. She had never felt happier, never more powerful and complete. 

She went into her bedroom and put her stim strapon on, then descended and entered the sitting room with the long, thick cock bobbing up and down in front of her. She picked up Alexi's leash and led him into her back garden, where she had Alexi sit on the lawn and suck her cock. 

Ava grabbed Alexi's hair and guided his mouth up and down, having her slave suck her strapon with long, slow motions up and down the shaft. Ava revelled in the sensations, fingering her nipples and cupping her breasts as she enjoyed owning the new male animal kneeling before her. She would train Alexi into an expert cocksucker for her and her girlfriend's enjoyment. A few of her neighbours looked out of their windows to see Ava enjoying the ministrations of her new purchase. 

Each smiled, pleased she had finally found a male to complete her household. Two were so turned on, they immediately ordered their own males and subwives to make them come. In the Gynarchic Alliance, such orders were followed immediately and with enthusiasm. 

Satisfied with Alexi's cocksucking performance, which in time she would make much sluttier, Ava led him to a bench and removed his humbler. She had him lay over the bench with his backside up in the air, then spoke to him.

"Alexi, my pet, I am your owner and you are my slave. You will serve me as a faithful dog, a magnificent ponyboy, and a dutiful servant. By fucking you now, I confirm my mastery over you. I will from time to time let other women fuck you like this - after all, what kind of friend doesn't share? But every time that happens, remember Alexi, it is my power over you that makes you get fucked."

Ava approached Alexi and put the tip of her strapon next to his open hole, then violated her slave. She slowly began to fuck him. Alexi's cock pressed up against the inside of the cock cage, straining to break free. Ava increased her pace, beginning to sweat and breathe hard. 

Alexi whined and woofed as his new mistress pounded him harder and harder, reinforcing her dominance with strikes of the flogger across his back. Ava gradually increased the stim pulses in the strapon, enhancing her own pleasure and pushing Alexi to the brink of passing out. 

Ava worked herself into a frenzy of lust, plunging into and out of Alexi faster and harder than he thought he could take, then cumming hard as she drove her strapon deep into Alexi one final time. 

All across the suburb where they lived, other women were achieving their rightful orgasms on the tongues, arses and pussies of their slave males and subwives. Ava collapsed against Alexi's back with her cock still inside him. She lay there breathing hard for a full five minutes, then led Alexi inside and had him curl up on her bed - he would not be allowed to cum today.