 Chapter 3 - Slaves in a new world

The new world was hot, the sky a clear blue and the air dry. Every male had been collared and leashed; some walked on two legs, some on four. Alex was led out still wearing his humbler. Every petmale on the ship had been fitted with one. Alex had grown completely used to the view from all-fours, but part of him longed to stand on two feet again, but only to be harnessed like the ponymales he had seen on Earth. 

The males were corralled together at the spaceport, then loaded into a transport truck for the journey to the auction processing centre. From the windows of the transport, they could see beautiful countryside, gradually filling with a mix high-tech and traditional buildings. They arrived in a major town and wove their way to the auction centre. Alex and the others were led out of the transport and through the back entrance. From there the males were separated by type, pets and ponies led to one zone, maids to another, general service slaves to the largest area. 

A few prospective buyers had decided to see the new crop of males before the auction a few days' time. Three university students strode up to Dev. The lead female had long, sleek black hair and stood six feet tall. Behind her trailed two semi-naked females, both green-skinned and blue-eyed blondes. The three together had formed a household, a domwife and two subwives, and were looking to complete their domestic harmony with a new petmale. 

The redhead domwife bent down to Dev. She looked at her two subwives. 

"What about this one?" she said, stroking Dev's back and running her hands down to his balls.

"He has a lovely manner," said one of the green-skinned girls.

"Looks strong and healthy," said the other. 

Dev woofed appreciatively and nuzzled their legs. The girls giggled in delight. 

"Definitely a candidate," said the domwife, "we'll see how the bidding goes." 

Dev whined as they walked away, already missing the attention.

An olive-skinned, dark-eyed woman walked up to Alex. She motioned to the auction house staff nearby. 

"Any chance of seeing this one harnessed up and standing?" 

Alex was a little puzzled by what this meant, but the staff knew she was asking to see him as a ponymale.

"Swing by tomorrow around 5, we'll see what we can do sis."

"Thanks!" she turned back to Alex, "See you tomorrow."

The new slaves were led through to a washroom, with many showers and baths. There were eleven new pet or pony males in the group, for the time all being led around on all fours. Auction house staff came into the shower room with them, one each for the new males, plus some guards and a supervisor. The staff stripped naked and placed their clothes in watertight lockers. The temperature and humidity in the room began to rise as the showers and baths were filled. Each attendant began to thoroughly soap, shampoo and clean the new males. 

Alex had his hair shampooed, his body thoroughly checked for stray hairs, and his cock and balls washed in a sensuous fashion by the happy female. She rinsed well under his arms, between his legs, around his arse and humbler, then dried the both of them down with towels and hot air. The males were led back to a series of cells, where there was a toilet built into the floor, a doggy bed, and food and water dispensers. Locked in, the cells were filled with a gentle relaxing vapour, sending each male to sleep in minutes.

The next morning, the slaves were led out on leashes to a medical testing area. There the doctors and nurses took blood samples, checked nanite levels, assessed general physical and mental wellbeing, and made sure the humblers weren't going to injure the boys. They replaced the boys' collars with a high-tech version that bonded to their neck, able to expand and contract or carry out a variety of different functions. 

From there the petmales were led to an outdoor area, where the staff played games and filmed the boys as they cavorted around. The medical reports and films became parts of the boys' growing auction profiles, as hundreds of women in the market for a new slave watched and read. Towards the evening, Alex and two other males were led off separately to a barn in the grounds of the auction centre. Once inside, Alex grew excited. The barn was full of equine equipment - boots, harnesses, bits, reins, even a cart. 

One of the attendants spoke to the three males, "You three scored high on equine tendencies. In plain language, that means you may each make excellent ponyboys. I'm going to let you out of your humblers and onto two legs. Don't get any worrying ideas about your status from this - on two legs or four, you're still pets, still animals to be owned. You'll serve mistresses who want your particular mix of talents, our screening processes make sure of it. Now, each ponyboy to a stall and place your arms out."

The attendants slid studded leather harnesses over each male's torso, pulling the straps in tight, then locking the whole ensemble with a padlock. Next the boys were told to open their mouths - bits were anchored securely into them, then attached to bridles. The ponyboys had blinders fitted next, limiting their sight to what was immediately in front of them. Now came the armbindings. The boys were told to put their hands behind their back, each hand gripping the opposite forearm. 

With their arms in place, each arm was layered around with leather strapping, completely removing any use of those limbs from the males. Finally, each male was led to a bench and told to raise one foot. The skilled attendants measured and fitted a long leather boot with a pony hoof to the ponyboys' feet, leading them gently in small circles to get them used to the hooves.

"Lift your leg when you step, don't drag those feet around!"

"Calmly, gracefully move from one position to the next. Don't rush!" 

"That's right, ponies. Nice big steps for us. Now girls, how are we doing for time?"

"We've got twenty minutes before these three go on display. Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

"Damn right. Ponies, kneel."

The three ponies carefully knelt before the attendants. In front of Alex, one voluptuous attendant came into view. She quickly undid her skirt and dropped her underwear. Easing each blinder to the side, she pulled Alex's head into her crotch, so that his whole sensory world was just her glorious cunt. 

"Lick me, pony." 

Alex complied with relish, diving into her clit with his skillful tongue. The attendant held his bridle with one hand, keeping his head pressed into her. With the other, she used a riding crop to reinforce her occasional instructions. 

"Faster. Up a little. Good pony." Swish, smack. 

One of the other attendants decided to change what her ponyboy was doing. "I don't need pony tongue. I need pony cock. Up, ponyboy." 

The other ponyboy stood, and the attendant led him over to the corner of the barn, where she faced away from him and bent over a stall door. 

Still holding his reins, she spoke, "Cock cage, retract." 

The ponyboy's cock sprang to life. Many of the boys' cocks had been lengthened by the nanites, and he now sported a massive, towering hardon. The attendant guided him inside her. 

"Now fuck me hard and fast!" she said, as she worked at her clit with her fingers. Sensing an opportunity for release, the ponyboy began to fuck the attendant with fast, hard strokes. The attendant taking her pleasure from Alex found the tableau before sent her over the edge, cumming hard and wet on Alex's face as he delighted in her scent. She took Alex's reins and hitched them to a post, rendering him immobile without the use of his hands. 

The attendant being fucked spoke to her, "Whip him to go faster for me, darling?" 

"Of course, darling." She took up her crop and stood behind the uncaged ponyboy. "My friend told you to fuck her hard and fast with your pony cock." 

He yelped as her crop struck his arse. 

"So go faster, ponyboy." 

The ponyboy dug deep and tried to use all his strength and flexibility to fuck as fast as he had been ordered. The attendant stood behind him and administered correction whenever she saw his pace fall, revelling in making the ponyboy sweat. The attendant he was screwing screamed as she orgasmed. 

"Cum in my pussy, ponyboy. Cum for me now." 

The ponyboy yelped as he came, sending days of pent-up cum into her. The attendant behind him placed one hand on his shoulder and pushed him down to a kneeling position. 

"Now clean her up," she said, moving his head into her dripping vagina. The ponyboy lapped up the cum, eager to serve and fearing the whip. 

Once each attendant had had their fill of the ponyboys, they put the final touches on. Each ponyboy was oiled, and each was given a lifelike, swishing tail on a buttplug. The plug expanded inside, securing the tail to the pony. 

Finally, to each boy the attendants said, "Collar to pony mode." Alex could feel the collar do something strange inside his throat

. 

"Ponyboy Alex," said an attendant, "recite the alphabet."

Confused, Alex tried to recite the alphabet of the new language he had been taught. All that emerged from his voicebox were grunts, whinnies and other horse sounds. Alex was shocked. He had never imagined he could be made into an animal to quite this degree. 

"Don't worry, ponyboy, it's only temporary. Unless your new owner prefers you that way, of course." 

Before taking the ponyboys outside, each was inked with a number, and each had their cock cage retracted, letting their massive erections spring free. The ponyboys were lined up and led outside to the small paddock, where women with notepads and cameras stood waiting.

The attendants lined each ponyboy up in a row, then presented the new slaves to the watching women. The women had been issued with notes and statistics, corresponding to the numbers inked on each male. Each ponyboy had been assessed for height, weight, age, strength and stamina. These things were all controllable through the nanites in their blood, but for the women, the point was to acquire livestock that suited their needs - the nanites would just be used to put the finishing touches on their new animals. 

The lead attendant raised her whip and struck Alex square on the rump. 

"Walk forward, ponyboy." 

The whip cracked again, "Slower. Elegance! Raise your legs and feet, don't drag!" Crack, crack went the whip. 

Alex settled into a slow pace, approaching the spectators as elegantly as he could manage whilst the attendant held his reins to the side. Straight ahead, he could see a voluptuous redheaded woman slip her hand down inside her skirt as she kept her eyes locked on Alex's body. She stood with a smaller, blonde woman, slim with pert breasts. 

He grunted in frustration, wishing fervently that he could service their dominant pussies. The attendant used the reins to make Alex turn, beginning a long, slow circle of the paddock, with the other ponyboys following behind. Lengthening the reins, she ordered Alex to canter, adjusting his pace with the long whip. Alex's glistening skin began to drip with sweat from the sun's rays and the exertion. His cock bobbed up and down as he cantered, the galloped as the pace was increased. 

The other ponyboys could not quite match Alex's grace - one stumbled several times, and none of the others could quite mirror his elegant gait. Every time his field of vision passed the voluptuous redhead, he found her eyes still fixed on him and saw her still pleasuring herself. The attendants brought the boys to a stop and invited the spectators to come over and inspect the livestock. 

Each boy was hitched on a short rein to a stout post. Some of the women were in groups or led a naked petmale behind them on a leash. The redhead and the blonde made a beeline for Alex. The redhead approached him, standing in front of him and resting her hands on his sweaty, panting chest. She ran her hands all over his body, spending plenty of time cupping his balls, tugging at his cock, patting his behind and inspecting his rump. 

She looked over to the attendant, "What's his name?" she said.

"We just use their numbers when we're training them as ponyboys. This one's number one." 

"May I feed him a little treat?"

"Sure," said the attendant, moving away. 

The redhaired woman took out a small plastic bag from her handbag. She extracted a single sugar cube from it and walked close to Alex, but made sure he could still see her. She took the sugar cube and put it under her skirt, soaking it with her juices. Then she put the cube under Alex's nose. He inhaled her scent, whinnying madly and straining at the tether. 

"Open wide, ponyboy". 

Alex complied, and the woman put the sugar cube in his mouth. He sucked the cube, trying to make the taste of her last as long as possible. Smiling, she repeated the process a few more times, then moved back to the edge of the paddock as the attendants got the ponyboys ready for more training. For the next few hours, they walked, cantered and galloped, and learned the basics of using an exoskeleton to pull a cart. The training ended with a short obstacle course, where the ponyboys were made to jump over barriers and scored for speed, faults and elegance. Alex won the day; the redheaded woman watched him for hours, and resolved to win him at the upcoming auction.

Over the next few days, Alex, Michael and Dev were put through the last parts of their training. Each male had settled into their appointed role. Alex and Dev never spoke now - their collars had been set to petmale mode. They answered most questions with barks, whines, yips and yaps. Michael was permanently dressed as a maid, trusted to carry out more complex tasks that the women didn't wish to assign to clumsier, more masculine males. Maids like Michael held the highest status that males could achieve in the gynarchic society. 

The trainers instructed such service males in basic tasks, obedience, domestic chores, and in the evenings trained the boys to pleasure them. Alex and Dev were popular pussylickers, and Michael was regularly put into stocks in the main atrium of the building and fucked with strapons. None of the males were allowed to cum - they were to be pent up and frustrated for the auction, as this was scientifically proven to make them more eager to please. 

At the end of their training, the males were cleaned and led into a room with many tattoo machines and tattooing tables. Special machines locked each male in place, then the tattoo guns moved automatically to imprint a barcode and number to each male's backside. This number was their official identification - as inferior males, the boys had no right to a name, though their new owners would usually give them one. The boys were lined up in front of a long mirror, and then a senior trainer spoke to them.

"Males of Earth. Forget the last shreds of your old lives. You are free of them now. You are free of your lust for power, you are free of your need to pretend to be the truly dominant sex. You are free of your names and your histories. Tomorrow, you will be free of the last lack you have - the lack of an owner. Sleep well tonight. Tomorrow you will be auctioned in return for the social credits built up by your new owners. Return to your cells and rest."

The auction day was long and boring for the males involved. Dev was won comfortably by the three girls who had so admired him a few days before - their combined credits were enough to see them through. As they led him away, the domwife of the trio made it clear that Dev would never again be able to use human speech and would be deprived of most of the use of his hands, as well as the ability to stand upright. Dev was to be as irrevocably and absolutely a pet as the law allowed. His collar had already been set to reduce his voice to that of a dog; in time he would forget how to speak like a person. 

Michael, in turn, was bought by a household of two domwives and three subwives to be their maid and fucktoy. In their van on the way home, he was strapon fucked by a domwife as he licked the pussy of a subwife. His days filled with chores, sex and servtiude; in the day he was always dressed up as a maid, at night he slept wearing a silk slip.

The redheaded woman showed up to the auction and waited patiently for Alex to be brought on. He was led on to the stage petmale style, on all fours, wearing a humbler. Images of his ponyboy trials were displayed all around the stage. The bidding was spirited: an equestrian school was buying up ponyboys and had taken a keen interest in Alex. 

The redheaded woman thought she may well be outbid and showed obvious signs of distress at the thought. The gynarchy, however, did not operate on principles of destructive competition. Seeing her distress, the equestrian school bidder called for a brief pause to the bidding and walked over to the redhead, whose name she discovered was Ava.

"Do you really want this one, hun?" the equestrian said.

"More than anything. He'd be my only one." 

In their society, it was acceptable to bid competitively for a service male, but a male who would serve deeper needs - an only one - was recognised as a rarer find. The equestrian handed Ava a card with the details of the riding school she ran. 

"Bring him by sometime." 

Looking to the auctioneer, she withdrew her bid. Ava won. Alex belonged to her now, her legal possession.