 Nicole and I agreed to call each other immediately when we got home. Nicole's daughter was 16, old enough to look after herself, but not old enough to be trusted alone all night. 

"Are you going to be okay, with ah... all this?" I said, gesturing indiscriminately in her direction.

She had cleaned up surprisingly well. 

Her shirt was slightly discoloured from the evening's activities, but nothing that couldn't pass for an awkward coffee stain. 

But there was no disguising the more profound changes that had occurred to her body this night. She glowed with vigour and seduction, undeniably the same girl she was before the transformation, but subtly enhanced. She had lost weight, yet every curve on her body was accentuated. Her breasts rode full and high, a counter point to the delicious curve of her ass. 

Her clothes hung off her horribly, loose in places and tight in others. 

"I think I can get used to it' she said, glancing down. 'It gives me an excuse to go shopping."

She was driving home, which was reassuring given how harrowing my mornings commute had been, but I declined her offer of a ride home. I needed some time to think.

It was late and I secured an empty carriage on the last train, settling into chair near the back. The air was laden with residues and smell, but I discovered I could tune it out, much like white noise. 

So. I thought, directing my attention at my Guest.

Do you have a name?

"I do." 

The voice felt faint, as if exhausted.

Can you tell me what it is? 

"It will be largely incomprehensible to you," my Guest warned plaintively.

A watery hissing sensation washed up my spine. I imagined the sound of the ocean receding from a pebble beach after a wave.

Saaaaarraaaaaaa it sounded like.

Sara. I am Steve. Why are you here? I thought directly.

"Simply to live." she replied.

"We can not live outside of a host for long. We must live with others to survive."

Yes, but why are you here? Earth? This planet? How did you get here?

"We are in many species on many planets across the galaxy. We live in harmony. My mother and her Host were lost when exploring your solar system. I was one of a handful of eggs that were seeded to your planet in a last act of desperation. The ship had sustained damage while in orbit above you planet and with the power plaint failing my mother ejected my brethren and I into the upper atmosphere."

There are more of you? I thought in shock.

"None that I have sensed survived. We were released to high and my brothers and sisters froze. We cannot survive this. I was fortunate to be sucked into a storm cell, which eventually washed me to earth. I hatched on your roof."

So. You were marooned. I thought.

Now that you are here, what do you intend to do? 

"I must live" came the faint reply.

"I must make more."

Well that was comforting.

She gave me a brief history on our journey home and answered honestly to my mental barrage of questions.

Her species had originated from parasites on some distant world eons ago. They referred to themselves simply as 'The People'. There was no way of knowing exactly when her primeval ancestors first evolved sentience, but the nature of the relationship between parasite and host changed profoundly. The first People had evolved into masters of biochemical manipulation and forged new ways of integrating themselves more completely with their host species nervous systems, until eventually, the relationship had become purely symbiotic. 

It was at this time the convention of Guest and Host had become established.

A Guest could sense viral or bacterial infection in its host and martial an appropriate biochemical response. A Guest could also sense and remove cellular imperfections that may lead to cancer, as well as actively repair or even alter a hosts cell structure to a limited degree. All of these factors are highly advantageous to the host species.

Her species had actively sought homes in other sentient creatures and was through a host's first stumbling attempts at space travel that her species had eventually been passed on to the wider galaxy.

The People's desires were simple. Simply to exist and procreate. Beyond this her species took little interest in the wider affairs of the universe other than to preserve their hosts, and therefore their own, well-being. 

They were not entirely benign however, as I became increasingly aware. Their overarching imperative was survival and procreation, the cornerstone of every good survival story. However, as Sara blithely explained, the urge to procreate would continue until there were no more Hosts or Guests. 

What of her promise to leave if asked, I'd wondered. It was simple enough. In those rare individuals who rejected their Guest, a biochemical marker was left behind, warding the individual from any further exposure. The rejected Guest was rescued if possible and reimplanted, but it was a common tragedy for a rejected Guest to die.

Sara faced this possibility with me, I realised, soberly. It was a high stakes game she played.

I called Nicole as soon as I got home.

"So you made it home okay?" I asked. 

"Yeah Tina was asleep. Everything feels so different. And the smells, oh my god!" She said breathlessly into the phone, clearly trying to muffle her excitement. 

"I'm going to have to do some fast talking with her tomorrow."

I had been thinking about the parting words from Sara.

"Look, I really don't know how to say this, but we might be contagious. We might want to consider a doctor."

I gave her a quick summary of what had happened to me and what I knew.

"Yeah I've had a similar internal discussion. " Her voice sounded deflated. "But you realise just how ridiculous this would sound. Even if they believed us the best we could hope for is a quick trip to the hospital for some very invasive surgery."

A wave of anxiety washed up from my balls. I did not want anyone performing invasive surgery on my testicles that was for sure.

"You might be right." I replied pensively. "Look let's talk about this some more at work, maybe we'll come up with an alternative".

We said goodnight and I went to bed.

I woke the next morning feeling refreshed and energized. Sara had stayed silent and in the light of day my concerns seemed trivial. I went to work.

I chose discretion over valour and drove this time, shunning human contact. The car park at the office was remarkably empty. I got a call from Nicole as I called in.

"I'm running late." she said. "I've told Tina I'm sick and I had to wait for her to go to school."

"I'd consider driving if you haven't left already."

"Are you kidding?" she laughed 'I wouldn't dream of going near a train. My sense of smell... I was up most of the night sniffing the neighbours washing!"

"It does get easier to ignore. Really."

"Yeah, I hope you're right. I'll be there in an hour."

Now it's at about this point in the story I think it's important to note that I am not an idiot. Generally going to work immediately after infection by an alien life form would be considered unwise to say the least. However the Guest's remarkable chemical control enables it to influence mood to achieve its ends. Simplistically, you feel good if do what your Guest wants. 

I liked feeling good.

I made it to my desk without incident. The office was sparsely populated. There was only Amanda at this hour of the morning in my corner of the office.

I sat down and swivelled my chair to face her. 

"Where the hell is everybody?" I asked.

"Some team-building thing. My minions are at there and I'm stuck holding the fort for the morning."

Amanda had a dry sense of humour that manifested in odd ways. Like calling her staff minions. 

She sniffed slightly and I focused on her. To my old eyes she would have looked perfectly normal. To my new eyes she seemed to glow. I could smell the subtle hint of her sweat and someone else's. I could also smell that she was upset.

"Are you okay?" she asked, snapping me out of my daze.

"You were sitting there sniffing like a banker in Columbia."

"Sorry, just allergies" I lied. "Hey look, it's not my place to ask, but are you okay?"

Her face crumpled slightly. "Was I that obvious?"

"No, not all. I'm just particularly sensitive today... "I trailed off.

My glands swelled and the air filled with the smell of musk. 

Amanda sneezed. "I think you're right about those allergies. It's the air conditioning. A circulation system for a Petri dish."

My inadvertent release of musk had clearly not had the same affect this time as it had on others. I had mixed feelings. On the one hand I recognised that any contact could result in me transferring my condition to her and this had been averted. On the other hand, well, I kind of liked her.

Amanda was young, in her mid twenties and an up and coming star of the company. She was smart, personable and analytical in her approach to business. She was not a conventional beauty, although I certainly thought she was beautiful. 

She was a big girl. Not fat, tall and broad, yet feminine. She was also convert to the cult of cross fit, as I'd come to think of it. As a result she was surprisingly muscular. She had a beautiful, doe eyed face and her long black hair tied in a bun.

"I think I've got something in my hand bag for this." She said, turning and rummaging around. 

I inhaled slowly and quietly. There it was. A change in her scent. My musk was a slow burner apparently but I could feel the traces of it still lingering in the air. My glands swelled once again. I had to get away.

My nose tickled. Maybe I did have allergies.

I turned to leave just as Amanda straitened clutching a box of pills. 

"Ryan cheated on me." She blurted out.

"I'm sorry." I said simply.

"That's why I'm upset, just for the record. Please don't share this."

"Of course not. Look if I can do anything at all to help, let me know." I said, backing away slightly. My armpits throbbed.

"Thanks. You're a decent guy. For an asshole. Here are those pills." She stood up and walked around the desk towards me.

"No, No, I'm fine." I stammered and turned to flee, the urge to sneeze building.

I sneezed.

My glands swelled and the air was full of a rich aroma. 

Amanda walked innocently into a cloud of invisible chemicals ironically holding the very thing that may have prevented it.

I could sense the difference immediately.

She was sweating slightly, her skin flushed and her pupils dilated. I smelt her pussy grow slowly but steadily wet.

Deep inside my testicles I felt something stir. 

My cock sprang to attention so forcefully it made an audible snap.

"Oh fuck!" I said and turned desperately for my desk.

"Jesus what was that?" said Amanda incredulously. 

"Nothing, just having some stomach problems."

"Yeah right." she said. Her pussy was soaking her panties now. The air was thick with the smell of her sex, yet she held herself perfectly composed. My glands pulsed once more and she quivered.

"She will make a good Host!" Sara purred enthusiastically.

"Wait, what?" I said out loud. Amanda gasped, startled as my cock twisted violently in my trousers.

"There is something wrong with your penis." She said slowly.

Time to lay it out on the line. 

"Look, this will sound strange, but I think I've been infected with something. Something alive. And it seems to have changed me. I can smell... things, and I can produce a smell that changes peoples behaviour."

"You're shitting me." She said bluntly. "Worst. Pickup. EVER."

My cock twisted again. I'd given up trying to disguise my lack of control. 

"You're not shitting me.' She said. "Holy shit. What does it look like? I've got to see this, lets sneak into one of these meeting rooms and you can show me."

I frowned. "I really don't think that's a good idea. Sometimes this thing literally has a mind of its own."

"I'll stand across the room from you, but I'm not going to believe this bull shit until I see it for myself."

We picked an out of the way meeting room on the far side of the floor and I stood with my back to the far wall and asked Amanda to stand by the door.

"This is ridiculous." She said. I unzipped my fly and lowered my trousers and underwear.

My cock stood impressively erect. It was still at Nicole's preferred dimensions, and stood flushed at a thick 8 inches. My testicles squirmed and the head of my cock twisted unnaturally to face Amanda from across the room.

"My god. It's almost as if it's looking at me. And your balls... Your balls are huge!"

I could feel waves of lust roll through my body. Truth be told, there was something vaguely erotic about exposing myself to her. The being inside me amplified this arousal ten fold.

My glands oozed and I felt a sheen of sweet dribble from me.

"Hold your breath!" I said urgently.

"What? Why?"

It was to late. I forgot to turn the rooms air conditioning system off and my musk was blown straight to her. Again to Amanda's credit, she maintained absolute outward control, but her body betrayed her. Her pussy flooded with her juices.

Of course that was all my newfound sense of smell needed. I orgasmed once, violently and a jet of semen shot from my cock aimed unerringly at Amanda's face. It splattered across her nose and open mouth. 

Amanda blinked in shock, her deep brown eyes blinking rapidly, small blobs clinging to her long lashes. A long trail of sticky white fluid clung to the side of her face and splattered into her hair.

"Whatever you do, do not let any of that get in you mouth!" I said quickly.

Amanda opened her mouth slightly to speak and a slight dribble caught the corner of her mouth. Her tongue flicked unconsciously.

"I think I may have tasted it." She said quietly. "Fuck."

Her pupils dilated slightly and I could feel the urgent sensations flooded her. She was aware of their origin and therefore exercising tremendous restraint. 

"I feel very strange." She said. "The taste was hard to describe, not at all salty or bitter. Sweet and sour maybe? I love sweet and sour."

She was talking quickly, her porcelain complexion flushing pink. She started gingerly plucking the thick cream from her cheek and eye lashes.

"I'm also starting to feel quite turned on, but I'm not sure if that's circumstantial." She said analytically.

She glanced at her fingers and cautiously licked them.

"Oh it's definitely not circumstantial." She said with a throaty growl.

Amanda's eyes hooded to a predatory gleam and she stalked across the office and pressed me against the wall before dropping to her knees in front of my now perfectly rigid cock. She grasped my cock by the stem and lowered her lips to it. 

"Stop!" I said, pushing her away.

She looked hurt for a second, but I pulled her to her feet and pushed her back onto the table. 

She struggled briefly for a second and looked for a moment as if she was going to take me against my will. 

"I have an idea." I whispered into her ear.

My own sensations of lust were starting to become overpowering. 

I removed my cumbersome trousers and I spread her legs exposing her dripping panties. I pulled her panties aside revealing her hairless, saturated cleft. Her small clitoris stood engorged. She smelled divine. I lowered my face to her pussy and flicked her clit teasingly with my tongue.

My logic was this. To date I'd passed every one of my eggs though my penis. After ejaculating in poor Amanda's face and in the face of her evident arousal, sex seemed inevitable at this point, but perhaps if I satisfied her carnal urges orally, I could avoid passing this thing on.

Amanda gasped, grabbed my head and drove my face into her pussy. She was a strong girl and I went willingly. My tongue flicked across her clit with incredible speed and I felt her thighs quiver. I plunged my tongue into her wet canal and I could taste her juices, pungent and slightly metallic but oh so delicious. 

I felt my tongue extend and expand to fill her. She came immediately, thrusting her hips wildly against my mouth as I felt the unmistakable build of an orgasm approaching. My cock twitched in concert with my tongue. I ejaculated. 

It was the most unusual orgasm I had ever felt. A pulse formed, deep in my swollen testicles and washed up my body. My elongated tongue pulsed in Amanda's vagina and a small orifice opened in its tip. My tongue twitched once and started pumping spurts of white fluid deep inside her.

Below the waste line, my cock dribbled a sad puddle on the floor.

"Ah hem."

My tongue withdrew in an instant and I stood up guiltily. A million possibilities flashed through my mind with one common certainty. This was going to be bad.

But then again, maybe not.

It was Nicole. She stood just inside the office door with a look of disdain.

There was no hiding my guilt, as I stood with my face dripping with Amanda's cum. My cock spurted weakly at Nicole in greeting.

"Why hello to you to." she said, acknowledging my limp member.

I could smell her immediately in a way I could not smell Amanda. Nicole's scent seemed to talk to mine. I knew instantly she was not upset, rather amused. She also smelled of recent sex.

Nicole was dressed in a shapeless dress several sizes too large but despite this rudimentary camouflage she oozed sex appeal.

Amanda sat up looking flushed and shocked.

"It's not what you think." she gasped.

"Oh it's exactly what I think." she purred. "And I think I'll Join in."

I felt the wash of her pheromones wash over me and my cock stood immediately at attention. But they were not meant for me.

Nicole unbuckled her belt pulled off her dress with practiced ease and slunk towards the table gloriously naked. Amanda slumped back on the table and desperately undressed as Nicole shouldered rudely past me to occupy pole position at the foot of the table as Amanda revealed her pert size C breasts that looked smaller on her large frame. 

"I know what you were trying to do and it wouldn't have worked." Nicole said looking coquettishly over her shoulder at me and pressing the cleft of her ass against the rapidly inflating shaft of my cock. 

"Ill show you why." she purred as she crawled onto the table and straddled Amanda's naked body in a stunning 69.

From my angle I could only watch as Nicole pushed Amanda's quivering thighs apart and latched her lips onto Amanda's swollen clit. Amanda's hip's bucked and I heard a muffled grunt, but Amanda was apparently equally occupied.

I moved to a get a better angle as Nicole licked Amanda's pussy. Just as mine had, her tongue swollen to fill Amanda completely. I watched in fascination as Nicole's engorged organ began to pump rhythmically inside Amanda's vagina. 

Nicole groaned in pleasure as a tell tale bulge travelled up Nicole's pumping tongue to disappear into Amanda's silky hole. 

I heard a strange squelching moan from the opposite end of the table. Amanda's face was almost entirely absorbed into Nicole's gaping pussy. Nicole's labia had expanded and her canal widened enormously to accommodate Amanda's greedily licking face. 

Nicole's hip's bucked and she shifted her hips. With a wet sucking noise Amanda's head was exposed in time to receive a gush of milky fluid that flowed from Nicole's gapping vagina. Just for a second I glimpsed a thin flexible column of red flesh dart from Amanda's mouth and coil back inside Nicole's alien pussy. Amanda noisily slurped up the fluid and I glimpsed a flash of silvery white on her tongue when she swallowed.

Nicole's labia folded back into her body until it had resumed its familiar inviting shape. Amanda's eye's rolled back into her head and slumped to the table with a thud, her face slick with Nicole's juices.

My balls throbbed and my cock jetted a thick stream of cum to the ceiling in celebration. It was deeply alien yet one of the sexiest things I had ever seen. Nicole twisted over her shoulder to look at me, her multi-coloured eyes gleaming. 
