 Games and Distractions

It was long past noon and the weather wasn't exactly making their long road to As'arain easy.

With a minor sandstorm roaring outside the group were sitting inside a cave waiting for the weather to improve.

Zalen sighed, lounging against the wall. The others were killing time in various ways, Darnac had dozed off, Coryel was sharpening a dagger, Talyar was playing dice with Sindara, Jazmyn was digging something from her pack -

"Is that a Go board?"

Jazmyn turned to look at Zalen.

"Yes it is. Do you know how to play?"

"Well, yes. I've played a few times."

The red-haired woman turned to look at Dinah who gave a happy little squeal.

"We used to play with the Sheikh all the time! Go, Dark War, Stones and Spells..." Dinah explained. "In the early days he used to always win - "

"Until we learned how to really play," Jazmyn giggled.

The twins looked at each other, then turned to look at Zalen with expressions that looked a little too innocent...

"Want to play now?"

Tic. Another black stone on the board, placed to thwart the white invasion that had begun three stones earlier. Tic. A new white stone, beginning a whole new battle in a different area.

Zalen smiled. It had been a long time since he had had a chance to play this and it was certainly a fun way to wait out the storm. Tic.

Zalen's skills were probably a bit rusty but the situation on the board still seemed roughly even. Although in this game even a single slip at the wrong time could mean losing a third of the board so everything was still totally open.

Jazmyn who was his current opponent was also studying the situation intently, leaning over the board as she considered which square to place the next white stone in - and also giving Zalen a nice view of her cleavage.

Dinah had also wandered over to her twin, leaning against her as she returned upright after placing her stone.

Just as Zalen was placing his own stone Dinah suddenly pulled Jazmyn's face to the side and gave her a long kiss.

Zalen froze, his attention now fully on the women.

A moment later Jazmyn ended the kiss, turning her eyes back towards Zalen.

"Is that really your move?"

Zalen finally broke out of his trance and looked down. While he had been looking away he had managed to place his stone so that it was now balanced on top her previous stone.

"Or was that a suggestion?"

The women broke out laughing as Zalen quickly grabbed the illegally placed stone and placed it in a free spot.

While he was still trying to think of a good reply Darnac had walked up to them.

"The storm is finally over, we should get moving again."

Zalen nodded, and began gathering the stones into the little bag.

"We can finish the game when we reach the tavern, right?"

Zalen replied to Jazmyn's question with a nod. "Sure, why not?"

*

"...so I win by 5 points then," Zalen concluded.

Despite the delay caused by the storm the group had reached the tavern earlier than expected. As they had plenty of time before bedtime the twins had quickly dragged Zalen with them to play more Go. They'd already played one game and were now calculating the score.

Jazmyn shrugged. "So it seems."

"Ooh, then it's my turn!" Dinah shooed her twin aside, plopping down in front of the board. "And I'm going to win!"

Zalen chuckled out loud at her enthusiasm. "Suuure."

"You don't believe me? Then let's make a bet!"

"What kind?"

Jazmyn, who had gotten up, leaned on her sister. "If you lose you have to do everything we say until sundown. If you win, you get to to order us around."

Zalen looked at the redheaded pair apprehensively. Well, he could think of a few things he wouldn't mind seeing them do...

"Deal."

As Zalen cleared the board for the next game he missed the look the two women gave each other.

The game began, each player placing stones with careful thought. Jazmyn had moved to sit on the side, slightly behind Zalen so he couldn't see her without turning his head.

Dinah was again leaning towards the board giving Zalen a nice view down her cleavage. Zalen smiled. It was definitely a nice sight but it wasn't going to distract him from the game.

Tap. Dinah's next stone began an offensive near the left upper corner. Which meant that Zalen needed to counter it there, then... A small sound made him look to the side. Jazmyn just sat there, cross-legged, her hands hanging straight down and grabbing the hem of her skirt. She met Zalen's gaze, her expression a little too blank.

He turned to focus on the game again, placing another stone.

There was the same sound again. It sounded like a little moan. This time Zalen forced himself to ignore the distraction.

Tap. Another sudden invasion, this time at the opposite end of the board. His opponent had also adjusted her position, now giving him a nice view halfway up her nice thighs.

More stones were added to the board in rapid succession as the fight for the corner ensued.

Dinah looked annoyed as Zalen's stones seemed to thwart her assault and she was tapping her fingers and fiddling with her hem with the other hand. Another stone, forcing Zalen to think carefully to prevent his cute opponent from capturing the middle part of the current war zone.

Very nice thighs. And if she kept swinging the hem like that he'd soon see quite a bit more.

Again a sound tugged at Zalen's concentration. A wet sound?

He turned to look at Jazmyn. Her hands were still resting on her lap - no, wait. She pulled her right hand from beneath her skirt and raised it to her face, sucking at the tip. Oh damn, had that wet sound really been...

The sound of a stone being placed drew his attention back towards the game. Dinah had left the earlier battle unresolved and instead began a new fight near the top.

Hmm, maybe he could play there now. Yeah, that way he could - see underneath her skirt! Zalen groaned as he noticed that Dinah's fiddling had left her hem high enough to reveal what was underneath. And it was definitely clean shaven.

Zalen plopped a stone on the board, his eyes still darting to the nicer sight on the other side of it. Hmm, maybe he shouldn't have played there after all. 

The next few stones confirmed Zalen's doubts as Dinah's clever attack forced him to secure the bigger group on the right instead of maintaining control of the middle one.

A soft voice had been tugging at Zalen's focus but now it finally registered enough that he also heard the words.

"Yes, Zalen... I need more... mmmm..."

He discreetly turned his head, peeking at Jazmyn from the corner of his eyes. The curvy little redhead was now laying on her back, both hands quite busy between her thighs!

Tap. Another stone added to the board, and this time Dinah was moving into the biggest unresolved area. Mistakes here could easily mean losing big parts of the adjacent areas and make the difference between a clear win and a big loss.

Ok, now focus. He had to - oh gods, now Dinah's left hand had slipped between her thighs and she had her finger just barely between her outer lips!

Focus! Tap. Tap. Tap.

The situation on the board was anything but clear but Zalen's mind kept trying to follow the wrong fingers.

"Oh, you're so hard!"

Jazmyn's whisper from right beside him and the sudden touch on his crotch made him jump a little. Trying to cover his surprise he placed another stone. Wait, not there! Damn.

"I can't wait to feel this inside me," the sultry voice continued as he tried to cover for his earlier mistake, probably unsuccessfully. Tap. Tap.

"Which one of us do you want first, me or Dinah? We're both... so... wet...' The redheaded seductress emphasized her words by pressing a glistening finger on Zalen's lips. The smell made Zalen's already erect cock twitch.

Tap. Tap.

"Ha!"

Zalen groaned as Dinah cheerfully placed another stone, capturing a crucial group of Zalen's and leaving - well, that group was already dead, that one would fall as well - yeah, pretty much the whole left half in her control. And combined with the smaller areas she had secured on the right half...

"I give up. You've clearly won this time."

Jazmyn wrapped her arms around Zalen.

"And that means you have to do just as we say!" She planted a kiss on Zalen's cheek.

"This will be fun," Dinah added, pushing the board aside.

"I want him first," Jazmyn announced, moving to a nearby chair.

"Sure, Jaz," Dinah replied, then gave Zalen a sultry smile. "Go and spread her thighs. Then use your tongue between them until she moans 'Stop!'"

Zalen nodded, then crawled towards the other woman like a lion locked on its prey.

Jazmyn looked at his approach biting her lower lip and her mouth made a little O as he forced her knees apart, revealing the delicious target between them.

He dove right in. And no wonder he had heard wet sounds from her earlier - she was nearly gushing as his tongue parted her folds!

With Dinah now behind them as an audience Zalen eagerly began his oral exploration between Jazmyn's thighs. Alternating between licking, sucking and just sliding his tongue along her amazing little pussy he pleasured her, enjoying each time he got her to moan out loud and every little squirm.

And again his little audience was getting somewhat distracting behind him as he could hear little moans coming from there as well.

"Oo I love your... tongue... aah...," Jazmyn murmured, her hands busy caressing her own breasts. "It feels... so... goo-oo-oood..."

"She's getting close," Dinah whispered from the other side."Keep it up. Mmm... I want to see her cum..."

Zalen hardly needed to be told. His mouth was already lapping at the petite redhead in front of him like a thirsty dog and the more she moaned, the more eagerly he wanted to keep up licking.

Jazmyn's thighs had already went rigid and she had moved her hands to grab a hold of Zalen's hair, as if to prevent him from pulling away.

"Aah... mmm... mmm... I'm... gonna... gods... aa... aa... aa... aaaa...AAAAAAHHHHHH!"

Jazmyn's body suddenly began shaking as the force of her orgasm took over.

Zalen pulled back for a moment but then wrapped his arms around her thighs and dove right back in.

Jazmyn's eyes went wide and she moaned again as Zalen's tongue resumed its eager assault. "Oh no, I... haven't recovered... from the last one... aahhh..."

Dinah giggled as her sister struggled between trying to pull her crotch away from his hungry tongue and trying to pull him closer with her hands. 

"I'm... aah... again... aah... AAAHHH... AAAAHHH!"

"Oohh... Remember what I told him to do, Jaz," Dinah hinted as her sister again hit the crest of another wave of pleasure.

"Aah... umm, what... aah... aah... Oo, yes, stop!"

"As you command," Zalen replied with a smile, pulling finally away from her delicious cunt.

"You're amazing," Jazmyn murmured as she gently touched Zalen's face, trying to gather her breath again. Then she opened her eyes and turned to look at her sister. "Di... come here..."

Standing up she waited as her sister stood up and walked closer. Then Jazmyn suddenly planted her foot on Zalen's chest and pushed, causing him to fall on his back. The pile of pillows on the floor softened his fall.

"Ride that tongue...' Jazmyn whispered to her sister. Dinah grinned and a moment later Zalen again had a face full of pussy, this time belonging to the other twin.

He again wrapped his arms around her thighs and got to work.

As his tongue began crisscrossing on the delicious target above his face the two women had already pulled down his britches.

"Oo, it's so thick, Di!'

"Mmmm... It really is..."

A moment later Zalen felt a tongue on the base of his cock. A moment later he felt another one on the opposite side.

As the two women began using his erect rod as a shared dessert, he did his best to focus on pleasuring the one on top of his face. And judging by her little moans he was doing well.

"Oo what a tongue... Aah..."

"And what a cock! I bet it also feels incredible..."

"Oooohhhh...Well, it is there... Aah... and just waiting to slide inside you...'

"Hmm. It's long enough that I want to try something."

Dinah suddenly pulled her crotch away from her tongue. "Watch this," she whispered.

In front of him Jazmyn had climbed on top of him and squatted down, deftly guiding the tip of his cock to her entrance. Then she began to move.

With quick hip movements she 'wiggled' down his cock, then did the same going up.

After a few times Zalen was already groaning out loud.

After a while Jazmyn switched to circling her hips, like doing a slow spiral down his cock, then quickly pulling straight up again.

A moment later she switched again, this time doing circles with just the top third inside her before suddenly plunging all the way down. Then she pulled back up and began circling again.

"You're... incredible, Jazmyn," Zalen whispered, watching her little show mesmerized.

"This is... so much fun... Aah... but I'm getting... too horny..."

"In that case I'm stealing his tongue again," Dinah announced and a moment later she had again planted her tasty little cunt in front of him. He eagerly began devouring it again with his tongue.

Although there was now one sexy redhead blocking his view he could feel the other one had now given up her earlier little dance and was now riding him harder and in a more straightforward fashion.

Both women's moans were soon intermixed, each twin also feeding off her sister's pleasure.

"Aah, what a tongue..."

"Aah, what a cock..."

"Ride him, Jaz..."

"Ride him, Di..."

Jazmyn's hips had again found a new way of riding his thick cock. She was rolling her hips so that each down thrust was in a different angle than the following move up. And it felt damn good. Zalen was forced to concentrate fully on his oral assault on the vixen who was apparently subconsciously imitating her sister's movements except against his face.

Both were already starting to get close.

With his tongue still dancing against her slit he had moved his hands a little, allowing him to now use his thumb to rub the entrance to her other little tunnel.

"Ooo? That feels... goood... aaahhh," Dinah moaned.

Round and round his thumb went, every now and then pushing just a little inside while his tongue kept lapping. And it was driving her crazy.

"Too good... Aaahhh... I'm... going to... cu-u-u-UUMMMM!"

Seeing her sister orgasming had also sent Jazmyn into a frenzy, bouncing on his cock with a wild abandon. There was no way he could have lasted long in a ride like that but luckily she was also already close enough that her ride was cut short by her own orgasm.

"I... I think it's your turn now," Jazmyn managed to finally say while still gasping for breath.

"Ooh good... but you'll have to climb off him first!"

As the other redhead did so Dinah sat down on his thighs, wrapping her fingers around his cock behind her. For a moment she looked at it apprehensively but then raised her hips up, guiding the hard rod inside her as she slid back down.

"Could you - " she whispered as it sank slowly into her depths " - slide your finger in there? I think my butt really liked it. I was kinda tempted to try slipping in your cock but I think I want to save that for the next time."

Zalen smiled, raising his hands on her curvy little butt her. His right middle finger found its target and he slowly pushed, until it suddenly slid in.

"Ooohhhh stars above... " Dinah moaned, "I feel so full... So good..."

Jazmyn was now on her side next to Zalen. She leaned over to kiss Zalen's cheek and then returned to watch her twin.

"If we hadn't though Sumi was exaggerating back then we would have joined Sindara. You would have found three women waiting in your bed instead of one."

Dinah had slowly began moving, sliding forward until he was almost slipping out of her, then impaling herself again on his thick rod as well as his finger.

"Maybe we can do that next time," Jazmyn whispered in a husky tone. I think you can handle all three..."

Dinah's movements were picking up speed and she was now throwing her hips back against Zalen with quite the energy.

"Besides," Jazmyn continued, pressing her cute breasts against Zalen's side, "we really love hearing Sindara moan. So I'd really like to see if that thick cock of yours plunging inside her will work even better than our fingers and tongues..."

And if Jazmyn's words weren't arousing enough Dinah had switched position. She now had her knees in the air and was now riding his rod in the reverse version of the position her twin had just used before her.

Zalen's finger was still inside her butt which just seemed to drive her into a greater frenzy. "Ooh... ooh... ooh... oh gods... AAH... OOH..."

Harder and harder she rode, her moans now intermixed with his. Jazmyn was now on her knees beside him and she had grabbed a hold of Dinah's buttocks, helping her wild her ride.

"Cum for him, Di," she whispered to the bouncing redhead, "He wants to feel your orgasm..."

"AAH... AAH... AAH... I'm gonna... AAH... AAH... AAAAAAHHHH!"

Her crazy ride had already pulled him right to the edge and Dinah reaching her own peak also proved too much for him as well. Her cunt began spasming around his cock as it shot its load inside her.

Her whole body shook, until she finally collapsed on top of his legs.

"I don't think... I've ever cum... this hard..." Dinah managed to say as she gasped for breath.

"Yeah, he's amazing!" Jazmyn leaned in to give Zalen a kiss. "Thank you for playing with us!"

"Oh, the pleasure is all mine," Zalen laughed. "But next time I'm going to win!"

"We'll see," Jazmyn smiled. "We'll see."