 More Decisions

Next day the sun was already high in the sky as Zalen knocked on the door leading to the main harem area.

After a moment a woman opened the door. Zalen recognized her as one of the three who had spoken with him earlier.

"Sumi informed us you needed to speak with all of us. We are all here."

The woman's tone had a hint of a reproach, probably it was against custom for him to come here before the seven days was up but her gestures seemed friendly anyway. And Zalen was fairly sure the other approach would have been even worse.

As Zalen entered the room, he noted the seven women sitting inside. On the other side of the room sat two short redheaded women who looked like twins, their eyes studying the newcomer curiously.

Next to them sat a taller, long-haired brunette with a book in her lap who quickly looked away as her eyes briefly met Zalen's. She was the one who had been lounging in the room during the Sheikh's audience.

On the opposite side stood two women he also remembered from before. Both of their bodies were well-toned enough to befit an adventurer but otherwise they looked very different. One of them had dark skin, not quite the dark brown of the south islands but she probably did have some of that blood in her. She looked at Zalen with an easy-going smile, but her eyes were clearly appraising him, probably well enough to tell his weight. And she seemed to have quite the hips and thighs.

The other woman was a lot shorter, with a very short blond hair that clearly told she wasn't one of the locals either. Her eyes would have probably been cute had they not been scowling at Zalen.

Sumi was also lounging on top of some pillows and she flashed a smile at him while the woman who had let Zalen in also found a place to sit.

"I'm sorry to disturb your mourning period but there are two things you need to know now.

The first one Sumi already told you about."

Some of the women nodded.

"Part of why I wanted you to know about it now is because what I'm about to say next."

Zalen sighed, taking a look at the highly-ornamental walls.

"As you well know, I'm not from around here. I don't know if I even could belong here.

When four nights have passed, I will continue my journey and our next target will be to track down the thieves who took the Rose Cube and the person who had the Sheikh killed.

But after that... I don't think I could ever call this place my home. And if I didn't live here?"

Zalen sat down, placing himself at the same level as the women around him.

"I do not wish to hurt anyone so I have tried to find the answers that would cause the least pain.

So I have made these arrangements with the Master of Keys:

One. This mansion and the lands that it stands on. As the Sheikh had no relatives and there are few worthy owners for it around here, I will donate it to the Sisterhood of Veils. They may have their faults but everyone seems to agree that they are trying to help people.

Two. Everyone working here. The Master of Keys will continue in his service for me but everyone else will be generously rewarded for their loyal services and can search for a new employer.

Three. The horses. You can each choose one whether you choose to stay here or go but the others will be sold.

And as for you... You are more than welcome to travel with me, either as wives or as travelling companions but if we ever want to catch the thieves, we cannot bring a big retinue with us. So there will be no servants, no maids, no other guards than me and my companions and not much room for extra clothes and things. We will do our best to keep you safe but as I don't even know who we're up against, I'm sure there will be danger.

I once more apologize for telling you this in the middle of your mourning time but I wanted to give you a little more time to think before deciding."

Zalen stood up. "But like I said, we will be heading out on the morning of the fourth night. Those of you who want to leave with us then will need to pack your belongings after the mourning period has ended. Otherwise you can stay here until the Sisterhood arrives to claim this place and I'll leave you with enough gold to help you start your new life."

After that Zalen left, closing the room behind him. He could hear the silence behind him give way to a hubbub of conversation. Hardly a surprise, given the news he had just delivered. He felt like a rat, despite the fact that even the Master of Keys had agreed with his plan. Then again, how would he know if the old man had actually meant it as well or had just agreed because he was his new employer?

*

Later that day Zalen was in the library trying to find more information about the area around As'arain as he heard footsteps. He raised his head and saw Sumi standing there. She hopped to sit on the table in front of him.

"You really surprised everyone, that's for sure!"

"Yes, I can believe that. Now that you know the whole situation, did you change your mind? Do you want to leave for a safer life?"

Sumi looked at Zalen with a slightly incredulous expression and then burst out giggling. "What? Why? You're the first man that might actually be enough to satisfy me - well, if you didn't have six other wives to take care of as well."

Sumi had hopped to sit on the table, placing herself between Zalen and the books.

"So you want to come with me?"

"Yes, silly. And if I even think you're trying to get rid of me, I'll put your mouth to a better use!"

Feeling suddenly very mischievous Zalen grinned.

"Oh really? Now I'm curious... I divor- "

Before Zalen had time to finish Sumi had wrapped her legs around his head and yanked him closer, his mouth suddenly squashed against the smaller woman's crotch, the thin fabric doing little to separate his lips from hers.

"And since the other women will probably wait until the mourning period is over, you're now all miiineaahh..." Sumi's words gave way to a long moan as Zalen's tongue got to work.

Alternating between licking her and using his nose to rub the area around her clit his ministrations soon caused the normally silent library to become filled with Sumi's little moans.

The little vixen had crossed her ankles behind Zalen's neck and she was running her fingers through his hair.

"Aaahh... I've read erotic poems while sitting at this table but this is a far better use for it," Sumi noted.

"I think I can ... come up with an even... better one," Zalen replied between licks.

"Ooo... Show me now..."

Zalen stood up, opening the front of his robe and pulling his erect cock free. Sumi made a little purring sound and spread out her legs, her eyes locked on Zalen's hard rod.

He positioned its tip right at her entrance, then pushed just a little inside. He pulled back again, then slid in. After nine mini-thrusts he finally pushed all the way in, bringing a moan from both of them.

Zalen returned to doing small thrusts, this time doing eight, followed by two full ones.

Then seven and three.

"Aah... you're such a... teeease... " Sumi moaned, her fingertips caressing the base of his cock as he continued.

By the time he'd passed four and six he was already way too horny to keep count.

The table underneath her was also creaking rather dangerously.

Zalen paused, pulling out of his moaning wife.

"We're getting too wild for the table," Zalen explained.

"Oh." After a moment Sumi grinned. "In that case..." She planted her feet on Zalen's chest and suddenly gave him a hard shove so that he fell to sit on the chair.

The exotic beauty hopped down from the table and promptly spun around, quickly impaling herself again but this time facing away from him. "Time to break the chair then!"

With that she went wild.

Zalen could only watch mesmerized as the little wildcat began bouncing her butt up and down with a feverish speed.

"Oh gods," he gasped which seemed only to give an additional spark for Sumi. Her hips were slamming down against him again and again in a pace that was rapidly pushing him towards the edge, especially combined with Sumi's increasing moans.

"I need your milk," she moaned amidst the squelching sounds. "Cum for me..."

And that he did just a moment later. As he grabbed a hold of her hips and forced her down one more time his throbbing cock began shooting its load deep in her depths. This geysir inside her finally proved too much for her as well and she orgasmed on his lap, then fell back against him.

"Still want to say those words?"

Zalen chuckled, still badly out of breath. "Certainly not. You're way too incredible."

Sumi turned to kiss him. "Good. Because so are you..."