 While Korin was busying himself making friends in the garden, Sarya had entered the kitchens through the servant's door and was immediately hit by the sounds and smells of a chaotic machine. Cooks and servants hustled every which way around the room, fires burned below large iron cauldrons and smaller pots and pans. Someone barked orders from across the room, but there were far too many people bustling about to make sense of it all. For a moment, Sarya was frozen in place, shocked at the intensity. But she noticed that servants entered from one side with trays of empty glasses and piled dishes and left from another with trays full of drinks and hors d'oeuvre. It was something to start with, so she removed her silk coat and worked her way over to where the servants were gathering to pick up the next tray laden with food and drink.

"You're late!" a man dressed in all white shouted at her. He was a portly man, with bushy eyebrows that furrowed down on his head like two woolly caterpillars. His face was covered with a fine sheen of sweat from the heat of the kitchens, but Sarya noticed that he had no stains on his long kitchen jacket. 

"My apologies, sir," she replied.

"Don't bother with excuses, pick up a tray and get out there! You'll be working the salons."

"Yes, sir," Sarya said, stepping into the line to wait her turn. 

A pretty young thing with blond hair stood in front of her, and turned when she queued, looking her up and down.

"That's Nicodemus. I'd stay on his good side if I were you."

Sarya looked at the girl and allowed her face to be overcome with embarrassment.

"I'm Nila," the girl said, and held out her delicate hand.

"Sarya." She took the girl's hand in hers and gave it a firm shake.

"Don't worry, he yells at everyone. I think that's his primary job. Lords know he doesn't cook, clean, or carry."

The line moved forward and Sarya could see a row of servants piling each tray with fine crystal glasses filled with assorted beverages and silver plates full of skewered meats. Each of the servants quickly picked up the full trays and left through double doors.

"Just follow what you see the rest of us doing and you'll be fine," Nila said. "But don't talk to anyone at the party. That's a big no-no."

"Thank you, Nila," Sarya said. 

"And no matter what, don't stare."

"Stare?"

"At the guests," Nila said. "No matter what."

"Alright," she said, wondering what the silly girl was talking about. Sarya was far from a star-struck peasant girl, mystified by nobility and their accoutrements.

"Keep it moving people!" Nicodemus shouted. "I want to see smiles on all the faces! Smiles!"

"And if you're goosed," Nila continued, "just keep the tray from spilling and stand your ground."

"I'm sorry?" Sarya asked.

"Look, this may be your first time here, so this'll all be new to you. But the Baron's galas are quite popular with the nobility, and for more reasons than the overly salted vittles and strong wines. If you're lucky enough to gain an invitation you know that anything goes. So some of these creeps think that means we're available for their little fantasies. A pinch here, a grope there, maybe they take their little tallywacker out and show it to you, hoping you'll drop in amazement and gobble it right up. Maybe one of their wives cops a feel while their husband snags a skewer, these noble types aren't particular about who they like. Whatever it is, you'd best not call attention to yourself by scuttling a full tray."

"I see."

"It ain't all that bad, really. Nothing worse than what you'd expect working your way through a crowded inn on Seventh Bell. And some of them ain't that bad on the eyes. But I've seen new girls get shaken up by all of it and end up out on the street without a second chance in the estates. Nicodemus may not know your name, but he never forgets a dropped tray."

"I'll be careful," Sarya said.

"See that you are."

Nila turned forward as the line advanced, and picked up a tray full of champagne flutes and finger sausages. "The salons are up the main stairs, rooms on your left and right. Good luck," she called over her shoulder.

Sarya was next up, and quickly lifted her own tray onto her shoulder. It held several glasses of a dark red wine, and a silver platter of sliced cheeses and fruits. It wasn't very heavy, thankfully, and she was able to hold it steady as she followed the other servants leaving the kitchen.

"Quickly now, people, quickly!" Nicodemus' barking faded as Sarya pushed through the swinging double doors and entered the mansion proper. 

The kitchens lay next to a long hallway that led to the main ballroom. Sarya could hear the muddled sounds of the guests and their conversations as she moved down the hall toward a door at the end where the noise and light was coming from. The sounds of a string quartet floated down the hall. She followed the other servers as they strode towards the door, and each time one opened the portal the sounds of the gala rose in volume. Laughter, conversation, and the clinking of dinnerware and glass. The sort of din you'd hear in any inn on a busy night, but Sarya knew the patrons of this particular room would be of an entirely different caliber.

Entering the main ballroom, Sarya was immediately surprised by the immensity of the space. From the exterior, the mansion was large, for sure. But inside, the building appeared twice as tall. The room was open to both of the mansion's stories; the second story was showcased past a long balcony that circled the room. The walls were painted a warm green, with gold and silver accents along the crown molding. Three immense chandeliers hung from the ceiling by long, thin silver chains. Each chandelier was adorned with a multitude of sparkling diamonds, glittering from the candlelight hidden within. They resembled fireworks in a constant state of eruption and their light bathed the guests far below.

The room was filled with guests dressed in their best. Men wore colorful suits of the finest tailoring, ornate capes and hats, and the women wore dresses of silk and lace, many leaving absolutely nothing to the imagination. Many guests wore a mask. Animals, traditional masquerade, harlequins, all jeweled and of exquisite craftsmanship. And each kept the wearer in complete anonymity. Sarya scanned the room as she entered to look for Darren and Jakx. Korin hadn't provided a mask for either, and she was sure they'd stand out easily among this menagerie.

There, on the wide stairs that led to the encircling balcony, stood Jakx in his ill-fitting clothes, and two steps below, speaking to three men whose attention was absolutely focused on her, Darren Gilmithrie in her low-cut gown. Darren had the men enraptured, her eyes sparkling with flirtation. If the men knew anything about the amulet, they'd be spilling it in no time, along with their seed.

Sarya walked toward the grand staircase, her tray steady. She felt eyes pass over her, some lingered or ran up and across her body. The servant's uniform was short enough to show off her long legs, and leave just enough to the imagination. If she had to bend to pick something up, she'd show everyone everything. She couldn't help but feel a thrill along the hairs of her neck to hold the attention of such powerful men and women. But she knew she had to focus on the task, find the amulet, and get it into Korin's hands in the gardens.

As she climbed the stair, careful to keep the tray steady, a man in a fox's half-mask took a step into her path. She stopped. The man took a glass of wine from her tray with a hand bejeweled with expensive rings on each finger.

"A moment, beauty," he said.

Sarya nodded and performed the slight curtsy she'd practiced in the Barrel. It was awkward with one leg on the next step up, but the stairs were wide and designed for such social use. 

"I know the Baron likes his girls to serve rather than speak," he said, "but I'm not the Baron and you don't have to worry about him. Last I saw he was with the twins of Tebrook. I doubt he'll be down for at least, say, another forty-five minutes."

The fox's mouth curled into a smirk before the wine glass met his lips.

"Are you having a nice time, m'lord?" Sarya's eyes glanced up towards Jakx and Darren ten steps up. Darren's laugh glittered like crystal and the three men with her all followed suit. Jakx had met her Sarya's gaze and quickly looked elsewhere.

"A nice time? This is Baron Robern's annual ball. I don't think nice is the proper term."

"I beg your pardon, m'lord."

"Oh, please," the fox said, dismissively. "I said you don't have to worry with me. I was only implying that nice doesn't do these galas justice. Baron Robern simply throws the most decadent parties in Brightwell. You simply don't miss them."

"I see, m'lord."

"You're new here, yes?" he asked.

Sarya nodded. "Yes, m'lord."

"Then you don't know what these things can become," the man stated matter-of-factly. His smirk had left and he continued to sip the dark vintage from the glass.

"Word gets around, m'lord."

"I bet it does."

"If m'lord pleases?" she stated.

"Very well, I won't keep you." The fox seemed suddenly annoyed at Sarya's disinterest with his attention. "I'm sure there are other thirsty guests. But perhaps I'll see you again later. Once the party becomes what it will become."

"It would be my pleasure, m'lord," she lied.

Sarya curtsied again and continued up the stairs. As she passed the fox-man, she felt a light brush against her upper thigh. When she glanced down, the bejeweled hand was pulling away. Keep the tray steady, girl, she thought. It's to be expected from this privileged lot.

At the top of the grand stair, a long hallway ran the length of the mansion. On both sides of the hall, large double doors promised additional rooms. Sarya assumed these were the salons Nicodemus had assigned her to serve. A perfect opportunity to do some poking around on the second floor. If the Baron's room was anywhere nearby, she'd be able to search it quickly and find the amulet, if it was even here at all.

Balancing the tray as carefully as she could, she tried the first double doors on the right. The ornate gold handle didn't budge; locked tight, but surely the Baron and Lady wouldn't store the amulet, or any valuables, so close to the grand staircase and a room full of nobles vying for power? Sarya moved across the hall to the next set of double doors. The handle gave with ease.

She opened the door to an expansive room with cream colored walls. Gold filigree curled and danced across each wall in elaborate patterns, painted on the walls in broad strokes, with ornate crown molding framing the tall ceiling. The effect was like looking out into an elven forest contained within four walls, the gold sparkling like enchanted tree limbs and vines. It was a beautiful space, lit by four iron sconces placed at each corner, and Sarya could imagine that the impressive room would serve well when accepting important visitors from abroad or political ambassadors. Perhaps a space to give the lords and ladies a chance to break away from the pressures of high society, whatever those might be. This evening, however, it was a den of pleasure, with the Lady Trelayne holding court at its center, flanked by two nubile handmaidens and five young, handsome, well hung attendants. 

Lady Trelayne had a cock stuffed in her pussy and was sitting atop it in reverse while sucking off the thick cock of a man with a shaved head standing beside her. Her hips thrust downward while the man beside her pushed his prick deep into her mouth, holding her head still with one hand. Her pendulous breasts glistened as they bounced in rhythm to the cocks fucking her. Sarya could only assume one of the studs was on his second wind and had already shot his load across her breasts before she'd come into the room, and a quick glance at the other men confirmed her suspicion. A blonde haired stud stood off to the side, beside one of the handmaidens, and his cock was only partially erect as he dangled it in front of a redhead's face. Trelayne's lips and cheek were slick, thin strips of pearly semen mixed with drool stringing down onto her full tits.

The brunette maiden to her left, on all fours, bounced between cocks buried in both her pussy and mouth. The men, one with a muscled, tight abdomen and tawny chest hair, and a dark-skinned hunk with corded arms and a tight ass, spit roasted her with abandon. She moaned with each thrust into her pussy, but the darker man's lengthy cock muffled her cries of passion as it filled her mouth. The last maiden, a redhead with petite tits, a tight round ass, and hard nipples that stuck out like thimbles, was sucking off the man trying to revive his prick as she knelt on the floor. 

The brunette on her hands and knees beside Trelayne let the long black cock drop from her mouth and turned her head to lick a glob of cum off of Lady Trelayne's right breast as it slowly dripped down toward her chest. Trelayne removed the cock from her own mouth with a moan and looked down at her servant. "Come here, Katya."

Katya pushed off from the cock fucking her pussy and rose toward Trelayne. She pushed her lips against Trelayne's and kissed her deeply, their tongues intertwined. Trelayne didn't miss a beat, licking the maiden's lips to get all of the semen and then returning to the thick cock hanging beside her face. Katya returned to the men beside her. The dark stud shoved his huge cock back into her mouth and the other man reinserted his slick cock into her wet pussy.

In an instant, Sarya's pussy was dripping, throbbing from the sight of all this beautiful flesh, writhing in sensual abandon. She could only imagine what went on in the other salon rooms if this sort of orgy was taking place so close to the grand staircase. The room smelled of sex and it made her head light. The tray of drinks she carried in her hand trembled and one of the glasses chimed as it hit another.

Lady Trelayne looked directly at her, cock in mouth, and without missing a beat motioned Sarya over to her with her index finger. Sarya walked as calmly as possible toward the group at the center of the room, hoping that she would be able to answer whatever question Lady Trelayne was going to ask. She had prepared to serve the guests, but hadn't counted on being face-to-face with Trelayne this quickly.

Trelayne let the large cock drop from her mouth. The man beneath her continued to thrust his cock into her slick pussy as she talked. "Put the tray down, dear, and join us."

Sarya stood still. Had she just invited her to join the orgy? 

"Me?" she replied, confused.

"This is a party," Lady Trelayne said. "Or do you not like to fuck?"

Sarya found herself staring at the man with the shaved head beside Trelayne. He was shuttling his hand over his stiff cock, slick with Lady Trelayne's saliva, and holding her gaze. He smiled and nodded to her, inviting her to accept and get a piece of the action. Sarya wasn't sure what to do, this was entirely not what she was prepared for. She hadn't even looked to see if the amulet was here, but it certainly wasn't hanging between Trelayne's amazing breasts. Those breasts, so full and heavy. All she had to do was put the tray down and join them. All she had to do was play along. Surely, Korin and the rest of the Hammers were having better luck in their search, but could they be any closer than she? Here with Lady Trelayne herself?

Sarya wasted no time placing the tray on the floor and pulling the servant's one-piece over her head. She hadn't bothered to wear small clothes under her costume, so within seconds she was completely naked. Her thighs were already slick with the wetness that had dripped down from her pussy while she had watched the scene before her. She knelt down before Trelayne and the bald man with the thick cock stepped over to her. The stud dangled his cock before Sarya's eager face. She grabbed the shaft and swallowed it whole. 

Fuck, it was big, she thought. She knew playing along was her best bet to find the amulet. Small piles of clothes were strewn across the floor, and Sarya was sure one of them was Trelayne's. If ever there was a chance to snatch the artifact without trouble, now, with her personal bodyguards gone, was her best chance. Unless these hung cocksmen were her bodyguards? That would be convenient. A man freshly spent wasn't his most alert, and if Sarya was going to grab the amulet tonight, here in this room, she needed eyes on anything but herself. A pile of young, stiff flesh and sopping wet holes was a great distraction. But Sarya couldn't worry about that now, her pussy ached and there was so much hard cock around her. The bald man in her mouth certainly wasn't going to let her worry about it, as he was too busy thrusting his large cock down her throat. Sarya would play along, enjoy herself, and when they all lay spent on the floor in a haze of post coital bliss, she'd get to searching for the amulet.

"Oh fuck, here it comes again," moaned the man standing next to the kneeling redhead, his thick erection pointed at her. He fisted his cock quickly, and the girl turned toward him, pushing what she could of her petite freckled tits together with two hands. His load shot across her chest in hard spurts, the hot cum splashing across her stiff nipples and neck. She took his pulsing cock back into her mouth after the first two shots to stop it from spraying everywhere and swallowed as his orgasm continued. This must've turned the man in Sarya's mouth on as she felt his cock stiffen quickly. Sarya sucked harder, gently squeezing his balls in her right hand. She felt his hands on the back of her head, pushing her deep onto his cock, stuffing its thickness into her throat. Sarya felt her throat tighten up in reflex around the cock's head, and the young stud moaned in response. 

"Fuck, Kristyna," the man groaned, "she's got a hot mouth."

"She looks fantastic, Gerik," Trelayne replied.

So the Lady Trelayne's given name was Kristyna, Sarya thought. She shifted her eyes to Trelayne as the man fucked her. Lady Trelayne fixated her eyes on the man's cock as it pushed deep into Sarya's mouth and then out again. Sarya let her throat muscles relax and he pushed deeper still, his length reaching for her throat. This turned Trelayne on as she thrust her pussy down on her man's cock faster. His cock made a squelching sound in her sopping hole, and Sarya's own pussy clenched and demanded to be filled.

"Get that fucking thing in my ass, Joram," Lady Trelayne ordered, removing the cock that was fucking her pussy and moving it to her tight asshole. He pushed in without resistance, and Trelayne's moans grew louder. This wasn't her first time with anal, Sarya thought, not as hard as she was fucking that huge thing.

The tightness of her ass sent Joram over the edge, and he cried out that he was coming. Sarya saw the shaft of his cock begin pulsing as he shot his hot load deep into her. He shouted with his orgasm and Trelayne pushed her asshole down hard, taking his full length deep into her. He started fucking her asshole again and his shaft was coated as his come slickened his cock.

Gerik removed his prick from Sarya's mouth and pushed her on to her back. He had sensed her increased arousal by the way she had quickened her pace on his cock while watching Joram come inside Lady Trelayne. Sarya spread her long legs wide, giving him a clear view of her sopping cunt. He wasted no time and plunged his big cock into her. 

"Oh shit," Sarya cried, "you're fucking big, baby. Fuck." 

Gerik smiled as he thrust into her with a rhythm that told her that he was close to coming. His cock was thick and long, and Sarya's pussy clenched around it repeatedly. He wasn't taking it easy on her, but it felt so good this deep inside her that she didn't care. Her gasps escaped her lips and she let herself go as he fucked her well.
