 The Thrill of the Chase

Zalen closed his eyes, enjoying the cool water around him. This place definitely had a wonderful pool. It felt so luxurious. And so calm, just the muted chatter from somewhere outside.

The Master of Keys had finally arrived in Domarrak yesterday. He'd sent word to him after they'd arrived but it was still quite a trip from Is'arain when not using a Warp room.

Not that it ended up mattering much. Right after he'd arrived he'd asked Zalen for a permanent leave of his duties as he'd been contacted by his niece. There'd been some family matters that needed his presence. Zalen didn't really have to think twice before paying him a plentiful severance - he didn't really need a Master of Keys anyway. Or any other servants for that matter.

Although a house with a pool like this would be great though. It was highly relaxing just to lay there, without a care in the world, completely naked. 

"Looks great."

Zalen opened his eyes and half-whirled around, cursing as he hit his elbow on the pool wall.

Coryel was squatting nearby, clearly amused by his startled reaction. She was wearing her usual tight leather outfit which still looked great on her. She was staring at the pool, biting her lip, apparently lost in thought.

Zalen's eyes went wide as Vivariel's gift suddenly kicked in and he realized just where she was looking.

"Soo, Zalen. Or should I call you Your Holiness or something now?"

"Phah. Do that and I'll dump you headfirst in the pool!"

Coryel grinned. "Withour your spell staff? I know you can't cast any real magic without it."

"True. So did you come here to talk or to try out the pool?"

"Hmm... talk. Wanna know what I asked Vivariel after she was freed?"

"Well, knowing you it must have been about a treasure."

Coryel smiled. "True! And not just any treasure! She told me the location of Anhana's Mirror and I'll be leaving tomorrow to go look for it with Darnac."

"Ah. Well, I hate to see you go but -"

"- love to watch me leave? But before that there is one thing I wanted to talk about."

Coryel was quiet for a moment.

"Back when you arrived in As'arain one of your wives came to talk with me."

"... Sumi?"

"Yes. She told me about your little agreement. Which was surprising enough on its own but then she asked if she could have sex with Darnac!"

"Ah. You can kinda blame me for that. I had said I wouldn't mind if she satisfied her needs with others as well but I also said it would be a bad idea to go after Darnac, at least without asking you."

"Good call. Weell, I was going to say no, but then I realized I did actually want to blindfold him and see his face when he realized there was someone else going down on him. So we did just that which then lead to something else and..."

Coryel paused again, pursing her lips.

"Still, it was supposed to be a one time thing. But then during the ritual things got really wild with Leilah and... well, I know you saw.

Anyway, last night we talked about the whole thing and Darnac said that since he's now had sex with two other women it would just be fair if I'd get to pick a man once.

A week ago I would have just said no, but after watching you and Kity go at it in that Lion's den..."

Coryel paused, then leaned forward, slowly crawling towards Zalen on all fours.

"How about it? I know you like watching my ass. Want to find out how crazy it is in bed? Your wives don't mind, they're the ones who led me here..."

She had stopped with her lips just a hair apart from Zalen's.

He responded by pulling her in, into a kiss that quickly turned from tentative to fierce.

Suddenly Coryel pulled back. "But not here! If you want me, you'll have to first catch me!"

As Zalen was still climbing out of the pool Coryel had already darted over to Zalen's clothes and grabbed them and his magic staff. Cursing, Zalen picked up the remaining towel and ran after the sexy little thief.

With the two of them dashing through the hallways there were more than a few wide-eyed looks with some giggles added in from the ones who had time to notice the bundle Coryel was carrying.

By the time they got to the back alley Coryel had managed to slip the clothes and the staff into her magical Bag of Loot, leaving her hands again free.

The chase continued along the tight alleys, up a staircase, then along a low roof.

Zalen had neither caught up with the fleeing thief nor fallen behind but as there didn't seem to be an easy way forward from here, maybe he could catch her now?

Coryel quickly dashed those hopes as she used her speed to leap across the alley, running along a stone wall before leaping to a balcony. Zalen watched with a sinking feeling as she made her way higher and higher before finally vanishing behind the edge of the roof of the building Zalen was standing next to. 

Zalen cursed. He wasn't nimble enough for those kind of hops and by the time he'd get to the roof, Coryel would have grown tired of waiting.

Except he didn't actually need to follow her, did he?

Quickly, before Coryel would turn to peek at his progress he darted to the side. Next to the wall there were the remains of a broom someone had thrown out of a window. He grabbed the longer piece and used it to cast a spell, followed by two more. Sure, it wasn't as good as his real staff but a broom was what he'd used the first time he found out he needed an external mana focus so why not?

A moment later Zalen was in the middle of a different wall, using the first Spider Touch spell to stay attached to the wall while climbing. The second spell was holding his makeshift staff and his towel glued to his back as without the broom there might be no way to make it safely down again.

Coryel did have those magic rings that would allow her to sense the active spells but his third incantation should help mask the first two.

Now he had only two problems: His innate magic resistance which might cause the climb spell to fail without warning, especially as he hadn't had time to cast it at full strength, and the fact that this wall wasn't straight all the way up. There was an overhang right near the top which meant that Zalen would have to climb horizontally to get past it.

Up on the roof Coryel was peeking over the wall, trying to figure out where Zalen was. Even with an invisibility spell she would have at least seen a blur and with most of them she would have seen him normally. Had he given up?

Or could he have went to find another way to the roof? She'd checked and there was no door on this roof and he hadn't tried to use the ladder on the opposite side either. Hmm. One of the neighbouring buildings was close enough that she had been planning to jump to that roof next but could he have moved to cut her off there?

Maybe she should get moving now.

Thump!

"Caught you!" His pulse still racing from the climb, he now finally had Coryel pinned underneath him. Her Bag of Loot had fallen to her side. But the part that quickly stole his attention was the fact that the final dash had caused his towel to finally unravel and he was again fully nude, his crotch pressed against Coryel's leather covered butt.

"So you did. Ready to claim your prize?" Coryel purred, wiggling her butt against him. "Oo, I've had a dream like this..." she whispered as her movements were starting to get Zalen hard.

"Oh me too," Zalen replied in a husky tone, biting Coryel's earlobe gently. "I've been eyeing your sexy ass ever since you butted in that fight against the bogrel a few years ago. And today I'm finally going to fill you. With. My. Hard. Cock."

"Ooo... I'm already so wet from that chase..."

Zalen reached underneath the squirming woman and quickly unbuckled her thin belt. He then grabbed the waistband of her leather pants and yanked down. He got the pants down to her knees before they got stuck.

Too horny to waste any more time with them he grabbed her hip and rolled her over, lifting her legs over his shoulders.

"Oo yes, take me!"

Even before she had finished saying that he had moved on top of her, guiding his hard cock to her wet entrance. With one fluid movement he slid all the way in.

"AAAhhhh... it's like your cock is splitting me in two! Ohh... now fuck me hard!"

With the excitement from the chase and the climb still pounding in his veins he would have been hard pressed not to. With fierce desire he drove his cock inside the squirming thief, impaling her again and again.

As they had begun there had been a regular faint background chatter from the streets below and from the surrounding buildings.

Now it was suddenly very quiet otherwise as if people had stopped to listen to the moans now coming from the roof.

Well, moans and a steady chant of 'Harder. Harder! Aahhh. Harder! Take my horny cunt!'

And Zalen was doing just that, nailing the dark-haired treasure hunter's cooch like he was trying to break through the roof. Her nails were scraping his back, her eyes full of fierce desire. 

There was clearly something building up. Her moans were getting more and more frantic, her chants of 'Harder' had given way to 'Take me' and her cunt felt like it was trying to devour his cock whole.

"Oooh, you sexy hunk, TAKE ME," she yelled once again, her eyes suddenly going even wider. Her lips quickly attacked his as her squelching cunt clamped down on his cock, her body finally hitting the peak, and hitting it hard enough to push Zalen over the top as well. With her hips jolting towards him he came too, filling her drenched cunt with another liquid.

The roof was suddenly quiet again with only their laborious breathing remaining.

A moment later there became another sound: a series of hoots and even applause from somewhere below.

"I think they heard us," Zalen chuckled between his gasps for breath.

"Good."

There was another, longer pause that Coryel finally ended by giving Zalen a fierce kiss.

"Wow! That. Was. Hot!"

"Definitely. Can I get my clothes now?"

Coryel grinned. "Only if we can do this again the next time we meet!"

"If Darnac is ok with it, sure."

"Maybe we can invite Sumi and turn it into a foursome?"

"Knowing her she'd be more than fine with it."

"Then it's a deal!"