 Unseen Pleasures

Zalen stopped again just before he would have bumped into the vague shape walking in front of him. Mirada's invisibility spell was certainly more useful than the one he himself had known as it also allowed them to see everyone affected by the spell as blurry shapes but it didn't really make it easy to recognize the others, especially as the spell also masked their smells.

Coryel had naturally taken the lead but after sneaking through all those corridors and past all the servants and guards Zalen had lost track of which blur was Leilah, which one was Kity and which one was Talyar.

Darnac would probably have stood out as a bigger blur but he had stayed behind with Amaryan and Rasan to guard the others.

The Master of Keys had stayed behind in Is'arain as Zalen didn't want risk the old man's life.

They had now reached a door that didn't really look any different than any of the others they had already passed but the fact that there were two guards standing outside this one certainly indicated there was something more important behind this one.

It also created a problem. Invisible or not, the guards would surely notice them trying to enter the door between them. And trying to take out the guards would also be risky.

As a new source of sound suddenly appeared behind them the blurry shape next to him pushed him flat against the wall.

A guard with a shaggy goatee walked past the invisible invaders and sauntered over to the two guards chatting by the door.

"What now, Romek? Got too bored to drink?"

"No no," the newcomer replied. "No staring at the tankard tonight, friends. When Abbak and Gemren return we will take out the dice. This time I intend to win back every coin I lost to you last time."

"Or lose the rest of your pay more likely."

"The dice will have to wait. We are on duty tonight," the shorter guard noted.

"Bah, the Lion is asleep already. Nobody will know you weren't here. And the door is locked anyway."

"Well..."

"I know, friend. I got my hands on some Dwarven whiskey, I can add that to the pot. What say you?"

"All right. If you really want to lose that badly. Come get us when Abbak and Gemren have arrived."

The guard with the goatee walked away.

A moment later another blur sneaked closer, grabbed Zalen's arm and drew a W shape on it. Zalen tapped her arm once, signaling he had understood. We wait.

So until the aforementioned duo arrived and this Romek would come to get the guards for the game of dice they would just have wait here. Quietly.

The two guards resumed their chat again. Apparently neither of them were locals as they both spoke in southern dialect that made their conversation even harder to follow. But most of it was about some war five years ago the taller one had also fought in.

Even with the guards chatter covering the smallest sounds it was still a bit unnerving to just wait there, trying to be quiet. Even if they were fully invisible they'd still sometimes glance in Zalen's direction and each time he stiffened just a little, ready to spring into action if needed.

And there was no way to know just how long they'd have to wait.

As he once again adjusted his position he happened to bump against the blurry shape in front of him.

Mentally apologizing he pulled back - but the blur in front of him soon bumped back. And then began slowly wiggling against him.

Blur or not, now Zalen was finally sure who the person in front of him was. Coryel wasn't into him and Leilah's butt was clearly smaller than the one now teasing him. So it had to be Kity.

And her teasing was certainly proving quite effective. With her curvy behind grinding against him Zalen soon found himself fully erect. And soon also standing free as Kity's hands grabbed the waist of his britches and pulled down.

Kity's butt thumped again against him, trapping his cock between their bodies and then resumed its earlier wiggle.

Zalen stifled a moan as the spell-hidden woman in front of her continued her erotic little game. He soon had to stifle a second moan as he realized she was now pulling down the waist of her own leather pants, leaving his cock now against her own soft skin. And soon a third moan as she deftly maneuvered his cock between her thighs, and oh so close to an even more inviting target.

If Zalen had felt a bit paranoid about the presence of the two guards, being in the same situation but with his britches halfway down did little to calm him down. Still, the added risk did serve to highlight the sensations and not being able to actually see Kity's actions gave things an unusual little spice.

The curvy vixen dipped her hips a little, bringing his cock in contact with her folds.

Blur or not, it was still a great butt and Zalen found himself caressing her curves with his free hand.

Meanwhile Kity had begun moving her hips, causing his cock to slide between her outer lips.

Well, two can play this game, Zalen thought. He lowered his free hand between them just above his hard cock and pushed the tip of his finger inside Kity's already quite wet tunnel. 

A moment later he withdrew his finger - and began rubbing Kity's other little entrance.

Zalen could feel Kity tense but then she relaxed again, continuing to gyrate her hips.

Slowly, carefully, Zalen began to push his finger into Kity's tighter hole. Her hand had now slipped between her legs and was stroking the underside of his thick rod, the upper side again firmly pressed between her outer lips. As Zalen's finger had penetrated her butt to the first joint Kity suddenly spread her thighs a little further and guided his cock finally in. She was wet enough that he slid all the way in in one exquisite motion, leaving them hard pressed to stay silent.

The two guards luckily remained unaware of what was going on. What they would actually do if the invisibility spell suddenly failed and they saw the sexy scene in front of them was an interesting question, but not one Zalen wanted to find the answer to.

So he just bit his lip, trying not to get carried away despite the amazing feeling of Kity around his cock.

A moment later Kity began to move. She pulled out almost completely - and suddenly threw her hips back, impaling herself again on his thick cock.

Again she pulled out, paused - and again thrust against him.

Kity kept doing the same, alternating the slow pull-outs with fast thrusts but keeping the pauses between these different every time, leaving Zalen guessing just when her horny cunt would engulf him again.

Coupled with the need to stay perfectly quiet this was driving Zalen insane with lust.

To counter Kity's sexy tease he began doing the same with his finger between her thrusts, every now and then sliding his finger deeper inside her butt, then slowly pulling it back.

A few times both of their thrusts happened to coincide and this caused a small 'Oomf' to escape from Kity's lips. Luckily the guards didn't seem to notice.

The constant pauses had still driven Zalen dangerously close to the point where he'd do something he'd soon regret but luckily his dilemma was suddenly solved by the sound of running footsteps.

"Friends! They are finally here! The dice are calling and there's two empty seats just waiting for you!"

The shorter guard chortled. "I don't know about the dice but I think can hear that whiskey whispering my name. Let's go. Let's make him poor again."

The three men left along the passage, their footsteps slowly getting quieter.

Finally Zalen leaned forward to whisper: "Cover your mouth, this is it!"

Pulling out his finger and grabbing a firm hold of Kity's hips he finally unleashed the raw desire that had built up within him. He began pounding hard against her luscious behind, each thrust causing an increasing 'mmh' despite Kity's attempts to remain quiet.

Even without those anyone nearby would have definitely heard the slapping sound as Zalen's hips repeatedly met Kity's curvy butt and the squelching sounds as her drenched pussy engulfed his rock hard cock again and again.

"Mmm... mmh... fk me... hhrd... mmh... MMHH... MMMHH..."

Kity reached the peak first, her whole body spasming as orgasm took over.

This was more than enough to shove Zalen over the edge as well. His hands squeezed her hips, his head tilted back and his cock began fountaining its load inside the blur that was Kity.

With the mutual orgasm finally subsiding Kity stood up, leaning back against Zalen.

As Zalen and Kity were still trying to gather their breath another blur suddenly spoke: "Damn, you two. Now I'm all... Umm, nevermind. But now - the door?"

Ah, of course. As Coryel always carried quite a number of various magical items, it wouldn't be a surprise if she also had something that allowed her to see invisible things. And better than as just a blur. Oh well.

"Gods, that was hot," Kity mumbled as Zalen tucked his cock back in his britches and walked to investigate the door after pulling up.

Yep, there were definitely a few enchantments on the door. Now to figure out what kind...

"The spells on the door only activate if I try to open or break it with magic."

"Perfect," came Coryel's reply.

As the spell also cloaked everything they were currently carrying Zalen could only hear a few faint clinks as Coryel set out to work on the lock. And a few minutes later a louder click as the door finally unlocked.

"Can you teach me that?"

Coryel answered Leilah's question with a small chuckle. "Sure. But can you learn?"