 The Treasure Room

With the door now open the group quietly slipped inside.

The room had several pedestals, something that looked like an upside-down cauldron attached to the wall, several ornate mirrors and a bunch of chests placed around the room.

"Look for the cube and the map but don't touch anything," Zalen instructed the others. 

Kity stopped and carefully stepped between two chests.

"Everything is trapped then?"

"It seems so. These two pedestals have some kind of a blast spell that would take out the thief's arm no matter how well protected, that one has a some kind of a flame trap... The treasures appear to have protective enchantments on them so the traps would just harm us, not the trapped items."

"Found the cube," Coryel announced. 

Zalen and the others gathered around the pedestal holding the cube. Kity walked beside Zalen.

"What spells are guarding it?"

He took a while to investigate.

"Hmm... There's a nasty disintegration spell that will target anyone touching the cube. I could dispel that, no problem there, but there's also a clever alarm spell cast inside it so that any attempt to dispel either would result in a very loud alarm."

There was a silence following Zalen's words.

"Can't you move the cube without touching it?"

Zalen answered Kity's question with a shrug.

"I could but that would probably trigger the alarm spell as well."

"Can't you muffle the alarm somehow?"

Zalen opened his mouth to answer, then closed it again. A moment later he broke into a smile. "You know, that should actually work. If I cover both spells with a silence spell..."

Zalen quickly did two incantations. The first settled on top of the cube like a half opaque mat, then the other struck through it with a force that clearly shattered something magical inside it. For a moment there was a small, annoying hum in the room but a little later the sound ended as well and Zalen carefully lifted the cube from the pedestal.

"So far so good. Hopefully no-one sensed my spells. Now where is the map half?"

Zalen looked towards Coryel who was apparently already pointing towards one of the walls. On that wall hung an old parchment - or half of one to be precise.

"I can't detect any magic from the map or the floor before it," Coryel noted, sounding apprehensive.

Zalen slowly walked closer, then stopped. "You're right. Maybe there's a traditional trap there. Or they didn't think anyone would care to steal half of map."

Coryel began inching her way towards the parchment. "I'll check."

Zalen nodded. Coryel could handle non-magical traps way better than he could.

Taking a moment to look around the room he suddenly noticed movement from the corner of his eye. There had briefly been something in one of the standing mirrors, the one that was angled mostly away from the invisible invaders.

Oh crap. Where were the others... There was another standing mirror near Coryel, angled directly towards the map.

"Coryel, get back! Mirror guardians!"

Zalen's warning was just a little too late. A gray shape had already appeared in that particular mirror and the invisibility spell did little against its eyeless stare.

A strange roar suddenly filled the room. Although it sounded shrill, it caused everything to vibrate just like a low rumble would. The invisibility spell around Zalen and the others wavered and then blinked out, leaving everyone again fully visible.

A loud 'thunk' added to the noise. A metal gate had dropped in front of the door they had come through and Zalen barely needed to check that the gate was also heavily protected by magic.

And a moment later something red and glowing began to ooze down from the upside down cauldron. Double crap.

"Get the map," Zalen yelled, "We've already tripped the alarm! We'll just have to fight our way out!"

As Coryel moved to swipe the map from the wall, Zalen turned to face the creature that had now fully emerged from the cauldron.

"Lava elemental? Are they crazy? That thing would just burn everyth..."

Ah. So that's why everything in the room had been enchanted with strong fire protection spells.

Even at this distance the blistering heat was already making Zalen lightheaded.

"We need to get away from this room, fast! I have no idea if my spells can stop that thing or not!"

Zalen unleashed a magical blast towards the lava creature. It didn't have any visible effect.

So how to get out? The metal gate was probably too well protected to get through there. There were no windows. Going through the roof or the floor would be to slow.

"Coryel, you remember the layout! Which wall do I break?"

"The one behind those chests!"

"Ok. Here we go!"

Zalen unleashed another magical blast at the indicated wall. The spell hit the surface - and fizzled out.

"Argh, not strong enough. Now what..."

"Zalen," Leilah suddenly interrupted. "What do the blast spells on the pedestals protect? The item or the whole pedestal?"

"Umm, just the item. Why -"

"Good idea," Coryel noted. "Kity, can you lift that pedestal with the amulet? We need to ram the wall with it!"

Kity turned to look at Zalen. After a moment he nodded. "Yeah, that might really work." The blast spells on the pedestals were the kind that required long preparations and special materials so they were also way stronger than regular combat spells.

"I'll draw that molten lump the other way," Coryel added, sprinting past the approaching elemental. "Come on, you waste of a summon spell! My grandma's soup is hotter than you!"

Although it was highly unlikely the elemental had any kind of ears it still turned to pursue Coryel. Unfortunately it seemed to also be expanding.

Meanwhile the more curvy combatant had closed in on the pedestal and wrapped her arms around it. With a quick 'hnnngh' she had raised it off the ground. The amulet was on a hook so it stayed put as Kity tilted the pedestal forward.

"Chaaaaarge," she yelled as she broke into a run.

A moment later the top of the pedestal hit the wall and there was a deafening crack. The force of the blow had sent Kity tumbling while the still intact pedestal with the amulet slid another way.

There was also a huge hole in the middle of the wall, revealing another passageway.

"It worked," Zalen yelled. "Time to run!"

Leilah was the first through the hole. Kity soon followed suit, holding her side as she had apparently crashed into a chest.

Zalen ran to the freshly-made doorway as well, turning to look at Coryel. He grimaced as he realized the lava elemental had now expanded enough to block Coryel's way out. From the middle of its molten body stuck out a corner of a chest and a lone pedestal, both protected from the immense heat by their protective spells.

"I'll try to draw him away!"

"No need!"

Coryel broke into a run towards the elemental. Just as it reached towards her with something that vaguely resembled an arm she leapt up. She kicked a corner of a pedestal, gaining just enough momentum to reach an old chandelier hanging from the ceiling, then used that to swing over the blob-like enemy. She landed and immediately broke into a run.

To Zalen's surprise she then veered aside, darting to grab the amulet from the now-broken pedestal.

"The blast spell is gone, remember?"

"But that amulet doesn't belong to us -" Zalen began but Coryel had already ran past him, vanishing into the passageway.

Zalen took one look at the lava elemental that was now rapidly approaching him and turned to flee as well, firmly holding the Rose Cube. 

As Zalen ran after the others, he peeked over his shoulder to see the elemental squeeze through the hole as well. It had already lit a rug on fire.

The treasures in the chamber might have been protected by spells but they had never expected the creature to get loose. At this rate it might well burn down the whole place.

Against the Lion

A flying dagger hit the wall just as Zalen ran behind the corner. 

"Weren't you supposed to lead us out of here, Coryel?"

"Of course!"

"Then why have we been running around like headless chickens? We've already had to backtrack twice!"

"I've always found my way out eventually. At least this time I didn't run straight into the enemy leader - oh, damn!"

Coryel had skid into a halt as they had dashed into a large room. In the middle of it stood a brute of man brandishing a sword with a ragged edge. He was wearing a mail shirt and a helmet with a nose guard looking like a stylized paw.

Beside him stood two men in dark robes. Both robes included odd, swirly designs that were probably supposed to look dark and occult but mostly just managed to look ugly.

The room also had a second level and a quick look revealed somebody there with a crossbow.

"You! You bastards broke into my house and stole my treasure," the brute roared as he saw the group run into the room. "And you've already killed some of my guards! I am the Lion of Arkulah and I will see you hang!"

Leilah pushed her way in front of Zalen and Coryel.

"You! You bastards broke into our house and stole our treasure! And you've already killed some of our guards and our late husband! I am Leilah of Arkulah and I will see you burn!"

"Oh crap," Zalen mumbled. There was no way she'd be willing to run now.

The others had apparently made the same call. Kity whirled around, heading off to stop the guards that had been pursuing them.

"I'll clear upstairs," Coryel shouted, darting to the left and using some furniture as a springboard to gain a handhold of the second floor railing.

Zalen had just enough time to cast a shield before a bolt of dark energy struck against it.

Yeah, those two casters were probably his problem now.

Meanwhile The Lion had reached the equally madly roaring Leilah and their swords met with a fierce clash. The Lion was without a doubt stronger but the blonde fighter was faster and still strong enough to deflect the blows she couldn't easily dodge. Her counterattacks didn't seem to have much of an effect though.

Not that Zalen had much of a chance to watch though. The two warlocks were bombarding him with spells that would have probably been all kinds of horrible to him had they gotten fully through. So far the only one that had had just caused him a nasty headache, probably thanks to his innate spell resistance.

But so far he had found little time to counterattack.

The sudden heat coming from the side made Zalen look that way and curse. The lava elemental had caught up to them. It had also already made one painting at the nearest wall catch fire.

The Lion raised an arm, pointing at the fiery creature with a ruby ring.

"Fire servant! Lower your heat! You are here to burn the intruders, not the whole house!"

The fiery glow around the elemental suddenly diminished. It was probably still just as fatal to touch but at least it wasn't going to turn the whole room into an inferno.

With Leilah and the enemy leader again locked in mortal combat Zalen now had three foes to look out for as the elemental began moving towards him, forcing Zalen to retreat.

One of the warlocks had taken advantage of the opportunity to prepare a bigger force bolt.

Zalen saw it just in time to quickly cast a deflective shield. There was no time to cast one his size so he just slammed a minimal one on the end of his staff and swung it against the incoming blast. The force bolt hit the staff and roared towards the ceiling. There was a creak - and a chandelier came crashing down, crushing the warlock.

As the second warlock was still staring dumbfounded at the fate of his ally Zalen cast again, nailing the other warlock with a lightning bolt. With both spellcasters down he was now facing just the elemental.

"Zalen!"

Leilah's frantic cry made him spun around but just a little too late to evade the fierce blow from the Lion who had suddenly switched targets and closed the distance while he was distracted.

The attack smashed his staff away and the brute of a man had already slipped behind him and raised his sword against the side of his neck.

"He's your husband, isn't he? Now drop your sword or I'll let the Fire Servant have him!"

Leilah stopped, lowering her sword. For a moment she just looked at Zalen. With an expression that suddenly looked too familiar.

"Damn you!" Leilah's curse was followed by a clatter as her sword hit the ground.

"Good. Now - "

Before the man had time to finish his sentence Leilah had suddenly whipped a dagger right towards Zalen. He immediately threw his upper body down, to the left and away from the sword. The dagger sliced a small cut along his neck but unlike Zalen the man behind him had not been ready. He gasped soundlessly as the throwing dagger embedded itself right below his jaw.

For a moment the Lion just stood there, as if unable to believe what had just happened. Then his left hand began pawing at the hilt of the dagger.

Before he had a chance to actually pull it out a new voice filled the sudden silence:

"Tiiime to dieee!"

The Lion had barely enough time to look up and see Kity. Her huge leap struck the man's chest feet first and sent him stumbling backwards - and straight into the lava elemental.

His magical items might have been enough to allow him to command it but they clearly weren't enough to protect him from direct contact.

The Lion yelled. He yelled even as the lava swallowed him in one sizzling gulp.

"Quick, everyone get back! I think those rings are about to -"

As the immense heat began melting the magical rings the man had been carrying, the magical forces contained inside them began breaking free.

The first explosion blew molten chunks away from the fiery elemental.

The second one made the creature wobble from side to side.

The third one - Zalen had barely managed to leap behind a stone planter for safety - blasted the whole creature into fiery blobs that were now spread all over the room.

The magic holding the elemental together might now be gone but molten rock was still molten rock and the room was rapidly turning into a blazing inferno.

"Everybody run!"

The rest of the escape proved out to be a whole lot simpler. With their leader and the warlocks dead and the whole estate now a burning hellhole the remaining Dusk Knives seemed even more interested in fleeing than Zalen's group - especially after Darnac showed up at the gates, having noticed the huge fire.

As they approached the hidden camp site the others ran to meet them.

"Is everyone all right?"

"Mostly yes," Zalen replied to Sindara.

"Did you..."

Leilah leaned back against the wall, staring somewhere far. "The Lion of Arkulah is no more. We have avenged our late husband."

"And we got the Rose Cube and the second half of the map," Coryel added. 

"Plus I don't think the Dusk Knives are going to bother anyone for some time," Kity pondered, looking at the blaze now far behind them.

"You're wounded," Jazmyn cried out, having noticed the gash in Zalen's neck.

"Just a small cut," he replied with a wave of his hand. "But now we should really get moving. We need to find a safer place to rest and after that it's time to follow that map."

"Small cut or not, you aren't getting to sleep until we clean that up," Dinah joined in, giving Zalen a hug from the other side. "And we're so glad you're safe."

Before she had time to let go Jazmyn and Mirada had also joined in on the hug. And after that so had Kity and Sumi. And after that so had Sindara and Leilah.

Zalen smiled. After all that danger this made it all feel worth it.