 Encounters

As Zalen was returning to his room he almost bumped into Mirada who was chatting with Kity.

"Looks like you caught her then?"

Kity laughed at Mirada's question. "Of course he did! That woman wanted it so bad that had he not chased her, she would have just ambushed him after a while!"

"Heh, true. But you sure made quite a show! Everybody here seems to be buzzing about your little chase! And more than a few have wondered aloud if they should try stealing your clothes as well!"

"Did you really send her to have sex with me?"

Mirada nodded, then smiled at Zalen's expression. "You seem to have had enough history together that you would have ended having wild sex with each other sooner or later."

Kity chuckled. "Oh, we really don't mind you having sex with others as well.

Especially now that you are literally the head priest of the goddess of sex!"

"Our late husband had his official duties, you have yours," Mirada added with another smile. "Even if your duties may require sex with dozens of women."

"Just as long we get our share of you as well!"

Zalen nodded. "Yes, that much I can at least promise."

The duo gave Zalen a kiss on each cheek and left, leaving Zalen to admire their retreating figures.

"Well, you've certainly been fulfilling your priestly duties!"

Zalen looked up to see a shimmering figure floating in the air.

"Nice to see you again, Vivariel!"

The goddess was wearing a translucent dress that was just barely long enough to cover the essentials.

"Nice to be back. I've now recovered enough so I can fulfill Talyar's request but I also wanted to let you know I haven't forgotten you."

"Was Talyar's request harder to fulfill than the others then?"

"Well, yes and no. He wanted a chance to have sex with me. I can arrange that through Amaryan, but I had to let her recover first. Even if I won't be as fully present as I was during that ritual, spending too much time inside her might damage her mind. Amaryan said she can handle the mental strain but it's still better to not enter her body more than a few times per month."

Vivariel grinned. "But I agree with Amaryan, after Talyar's request is fulfilled, the next time we'll be coming to have fun with you instead!"

The goddess smiled as the idea made Zalen's cock twitch.

"Umm, Vivariel? I've been wondering... I am now your Heart Veil but I don't actually have any idea what really means! Or what I should actually do here."

"Well, Mirada was pretty much right. Have a lot of sex!

But other than that? Well, the first thing is to get all the former Veils that want to re-join to do so. Including the former Council once they have finished their punishments.

After that you'll become my little missionaries. The Veils are open to absolutely anyone who loves sex and giving pleasure through sex. I already said men and women but that also includes the other races: dwarves, elves, nymphs, foxkin..."

The dream image of a dryad riding him sprang into his mind. Vivariel laughed. "Ah, you're way ahead of me already! But yes, I can actually promise you that within a year you'll have had sex with most of the sentient races on this continent. The ones you find attractive at least. And I'll have taken back my place as one of the major gods."

Vivariel smiled at Zalen's expression. "I am the Goddess of Sex after all. But now I must go. And I think you should go the East Garden now. There's something there you might want to see!"

Having said that she faded out.

Well, if Vivariel said that then he definitely wanted to go look.

He jogged all the way to the East Garden and was just about to enter the middle part as he heard a voice:

"Oo, come on. Who are you?"

"It's just me -"

Stepping past the hedge wall he bit back the rest, realizing the question hadn't been directed at him.

Near the fountain stood Essiel, her eyes blindfolded as her punishment had decreed. Right in front of her was Dinah, her lips teasing the former Council member's breast. Suddenly she pulled back, leaving the blindfolded woman groping for empty air.

A moment later Jazmyn, who had been standing behind Essiel, stepped in, kissing her neck and wrapping her arms around her very curvy butt.

Both of his wives were wearing short, thin tops and knee-length skirts.

Dinah turned her head, raised her finger to her lips and gave Zalen a wink.

Ah. Zalen sat down on the nearby bench. Essiel's punishment had been to wear that blindfold for a month and all the other Veils would be free to caress her. Well, the twins weren't actually Veils but Essiel certainly didn't seem to mind the attention. She did, however, seem very keen to find out who was caressing her.

"Sheryn? Is that you? Aah.. You're too tall to be Mimin. Mayz? Enyela? Mmmm..."

As she kept making more guesses the twins kept alternating and caressing the blindfolded woman in various ways. They also seemed quite intent on teasing their one man audience at the same time based on some their poses.

The twins were also slowly guiding Essiel towards the next bench.

A familiar face peeking past the hedge wall drew Zalen's attention. He quickly waved Leilah over.

As the benches were quite big he backed a little, spreading his legs.

"Sit here in front of me," he whispered as Leilah arrived.

She nodded and did so, leaning against him as he wrapped his arms around her.

On the other bench the twins had positioned Essiel on top of the bench and Dinah had pulled the blindfolded woman's face between her thighs.

"Put your hands on top of mine," Zalen whispered in Leilah's ear.

A moment later she did so.

"Now caress yourself with them."

For a moment she hesitated but with the first moan coming from Dinah she gave in, slipping their combined hand under her harem pants.

On the other bench Dinah had wrapped her legs behind Essiel's neck as the latter continued licking the redhead, her hands caressing her thighs and her sides.

Jazmyn had noticed what Zalen and Leilah were doing and sat on the bench behind Essiel, hiking her own skirt and beginning to rub her own crotch, her eyes locked with Zalen's.

He smiled. Jazmyn and Dinah were certainly masters at teasing him and he loved every moment of it when they did that.

Leilah was certainly getting worked up as well with the double show in front of them, with their joint hands pleasuring her, with Jazmyn watching and with the fact that his hard cock was pressing against her butt and lower back.

Jazmyn finally released her skirt, gave Zalen a wink and crawled behind Essiel's curvy butt.

"Oohh, there's two of you?"

The cute redhead had slipped two fingers at her wet entrance and was now teasing her with them.

"Please tell me who - ooh... Nevermind. Just... keep... doing that..."

Zalen grinned. Vivariel had ordered her to wear the blindfold to cure her need to know and control everything and it looked like the punishment was starting to have the desired effect. 

"Stand up," Zalen whispered.

Leilah obeyed him and a moment later his hands pulled her harem pants down to her knees.

"Now sit down on it," he whispered again, moving forward on the bench and pulling his cock free from his robes.

Her fingers grabbed his rod and a moment later she slid down, engulfing his thick member.

Slowly and quietly Leilah began riding him while they watched the three women on the other bench.

Zalen leaned forward to whisper in Leilah's ear.

"Who do you think will reach her peak first, Dinah or Essiel?"

"Mmnhh... Dinah. Just look at her face," she whispered back.

"Ooh, I think you're right!"

Up and down Leilah's hips went. Sometimes stopping to grind before resuming her ride.

He again leaned forward to nibble at her ear.

"How do you think Essiel would react if she saw us here?"

Leilah was silent except for her ragged breathing.

"Mmhh... she'd want you..." came her answer a moment later. "Will you...?"

Zalen leaned lower to kiss Leilah's neck. "I think I'll let them have fun like that. Right now I just want you..."

Leilah replied by picking up her pace, riding him a little harder, a little deeper. On the other bench the three women had switched, Jazmyn now getting pleasured by Essiel's hands while Dinah was licking her breasts.

Still, it was hard to choose where to look: the erotic show on the other bench or the cute butt bouncing on his lap. Leilah suddenly solved his dilemma by letting out a vocal moan and beginning to ride him even harder. Zalen quickly clamped a hand in front of the short haired blonde's mouth, his focus now fully on Leilah.

"Mmf... Mmf... MmmmMMMFFF!"

Leilah's sudden orgasm proved too much for him as well. He came, fountaining inside her as she collapsed against him, her body still shaking from the waves of pleasure.

"That was incredible," Zalen whispered in her ear. Another jolt ran through her body.

"Ohhh... Yes. Yes, it was!"