 The Temple

Even with the map the ruin they were looking for wasn't exactly an easy one to find. It was in a rocky terrain full of ravines, the whole area looking like the aftermath of some ancient cataclysmic event.

But found the ruin they eventually did.

But getting in turned out to be not that simple either.

Kity was standing in front of the entrance blocked by huge sealed doors.

"So. How are we going to get past these?"

Zalen scratched his stubble. "What about the strange text in the map? Maybe it had instructions of some kind?"

"Let me have a look," Mirada said.

Leilah handed both pieces of the map to her.

"Oo, I think I know this script! It's the shorthand version of old Yandori! Now let's see..."

She examined the map, then frowned.

"I don't understand. This means rose. This means clasped hands or a greeting. This means a building. But they're just separate, they don't make up a sentence or anything!"

"I think they might refer to these," Jazmyn announced.

She was standing to the side, looking at something on the floor.

Zalen walked over to her with the others following behind.

On the floor were twelve by twelve squares with various symbols etched on them.

"We probably need to push the ones the map mentioned. Or maybe step on them," Leilah pondered.

"Let's try that then," Kity announced. "First one was a rose, right?"

"Yes. Then the clasped hands and some kind of a building," Mirada confirmed.

"Ok. So here. Then here. Then here."

As she stepped on the third square there was suddenly a low rumble. They turned to look towards the doors.

"Yes, they're opening," Mirada exclaimed.

And indeed, the stone doors were slowly but surely sliding open.

Slowly, almost reverently quietly the group walked past the doors and then along the hallway inside.

Sindara who was walking next to Zalen was craning her neck to look around as they walked.

"What is this place?"

"I think it's some kind of a temple," Coryel replied. "But who it was for or who built it? That I do not know."

The hallway led to a wide room. There were vertical slits cut into the roof that brought in sunlight so the room was still rather well lit. On one side of the space was an altar of some kind, on two walls were wide stone benches but what really drew everyone's eyes were the two other walls. They were full of engravings, ranging from sensual to very explicit.

"I'm starting to like this temple," Sumi giggled.

"Oo, I really need to try that the next time," Kity exclaimed, pointing towards one of the more direct engravings.

"Umm, I think you should look there," Sindara cut in, tapping Zalen's arm.

In the place where Sindara was pointing the engravings suddenly ended. It was like there was a rectangular area where something had scraped off the engravings, leaving behind a vague squiggle that kinda resembled writing and then a clear, square hole. Right under the hole was a small engraved rose.

Zalen nodded. "Yeah, I think I can figure out this puzzle."

He walked back to his bag, pulling out the Rose Cube. Carefully, checking for any traps just in case, he then placed the cube over the hole and pushed. 

The cube slid in with ease.

He held his breath, waiting to run - and suddenly the wall above the hole began to change. The squiggles became clearer and brighter - and a moment later turned into a scroll that floated down on the floor.

Zalen picked it up to examine it. With a sigh he handed it to Mirada.

"I can't understand a word of it. Looks like we need your skills again."

Mirada examined the scroll. She finally looked up, looking rather incredulous.

"This... this is indeed a temple. A temple for Vivariel, a goddess of sex. And she's trapped in the Rose Cube!" 

The Ritual

Coryel tapped her foot.

"So now what?"

Zalen forced his eyes away from the erotic engravings and turned to Mirada.

"You said you and Sindara had deciphered the rest of the scroll."

"Yes. It was easier than I thought actually," Mirada said smiling to Sindara, "And now I know what to do."

Mirada carefully unrolled the scroll and studied it for a moment.

"I apologize for the rough translation, but...

To release the rose within the rose

at temple long forgotten

the lady astride at height of bliss

can become a divine vessel

The cube and the fireseed oil

the couple of arcane might

the spells written here within

can bring Her back to light."

"The ritual involves sex? I'm beginning to like this goddess," Talyar chuckled.

The other's seemed more or less surprised at the words as well.

"The Veiled Rose holds dominion over many things and one of them is sex," Amaryan said with a strange look on her face.

"Very well." Zalen could hardly back down at this point and at least he could look calm. "Do we have that - fireseed oil, was it?"

Mirada nodded. "I should have some in my bag."

Zalen tapped his chin. "So if we need a 'couple of arcane might' then that means me... and you Mirada, right?"

Mirada nodded again.

"No, I must do it," Amaryan announced.

Her words brought everyone's eyes on her.

"Hey, if you really want our husband that much, you could have just asked," said Dinah smiling.

Amaryan was still staring at the engravings but finally turned towards the others.

"You may know us as the Veiled Ones, and that is all we have been for generations. But once we were known as the Veils of Vivariel, as priestesses of the Veiled Rose. We still are. And all these years we have searched for a way to release her again from her captivity."

Amaryan's words brought a little gasp from Mirada.

"You're the Veils of Vivariel? But the legends say that you..."

The rest of her words were left unsaid as she blushed furiously.

Sindara's knowing smirk confirmed that she had read the same stories.

Amaryan just smiled in reply.

Mirada soon regained enough of her composure to continue:

"Yes, if all that is true, then you truly must perform the female part. And Zalen performs the other."

Mirada looked at Zalen half disappointed, half relieved but soon turned to look at the surroundings.

A moment later she gestured towards the wide altar.

"There. The ritual has to be done at the altar."

The altar was creamy white and made of an unusual material that resembled marble but felt softer to the touch.

"Am I to lay down on the altar?"

"Mm no, he is," Mirada replied to Amaryan after a quick glance at the scroll. Then she turned towards the others. "You are not part of the ritual so whatever you do, stay away from the altar. But you can watch."

Zalen had a feeling wild horses couldn't have dragged their little audience away from the promised show. Unfortunately.

Something had finally occurred to Zalen.

"Amaryan. The sisterhood knew what the treasure we were looking for really was from very beginning, am I right?"

Amaryan just nodded.

"And it was actually an amazing stroke of luck for you that we happened to come to you, right?"

Another little nod.

"And you would have still made me pay for your help?"

This time Amaryan didn't nod, but there was a hint of a blush on her cheeks. Her lack of reply also made Coryel whistle appreciatively.

Finally Mirada broke the silence.

"One more thing before we start. Do you know the technique of spellholding, Amaryan?"

"Yes."

"Zalen?"

"Yes."

"Good. Both of you will need to hold a spell three times during the ritual and then release the spell together when I say 'now'. Understood?"

Both Zalen and Amaryan nodded, still looking at each other while Mirada pulled the glowing vial from her belt pouch.

"This is it then. Remove your clothes."

Zalen took a deep breath. After everything he had already been through, this was really nothing. Really.

A moment later Zalen was completely nude, his clothes in a heap next to the altar. Amaryan was still fully clothed - well, as much as you could use the word 'clothed' with her. The others were all watching them and it was interesting how their reactions varied. Both Darnac and Coryel seemed very amused by something, the twins were both smiling at Zalen, Sindara seemed to be watching the other's reactions, Talyar and Mirada seemed to be both waiting for Amaryan and Rasan - well, he had watched Zalen remove his robe and then turned his attention towards the temple entrance. Perhaps he no longer thought Zalen as a threat.

Finally everyone except Zalen was looking at Amaryan. Finally she closed her eyes and muttering something that could have been a prayer she began to move. Slowly, gracefully, her whole body began to sway to a slow rhythm.

There was no doubt Amaryan had danced before, but it was just as clear she was also a natural talent. Her hips seemed to have taken a life of their own and her legs... It was certainly the most erotic sight Zalen had seen so far.

On and on she danced, as a veil after another fell to the floor. With every veil her dance seemed to become more passionate and at the same time more intricate until Zalen could practically hear the tune guiding her movements. Wait, he COULD hear the tune! There was a soft sound, like a chant echoing in the temple.

But even that realization couldn't draw Zalen's eyes away from Amaryan's dance. She was already nearly naked and the three remaining veils did more to enhance her figure than to cover it. The two remaining veils. Her unusual tattoo was now completely visible and for some reason seemed much more detailed than before. Or maybe his arousal was just heightening his senses.

Amaryan certainly seemed to be in her element as her performance had everybody captivated, both women and men. And there were quite a few busy hands visible as well.

Amaryan's body stopped in mid-swish as the final two veils fell. Zalen's eyes were still fixed on the woman's exquisite body but his mind vaguely remembered hearing that no Veiled One ever removed all of her veils. Well, either the rumour was wrong or this ritual was reason enough for an exception.

Amaryan finally broke the silence:

"Mirada. The fireseed oil?"

Amaryan's eyes remained locked on Zalen, however, and there was still that exotic half-smile on her lips.

Mirada gave a little start at the Veiled One's words. Still, she recovered almost instantly and passed Zalen the thin vial. Here the red liquid seemed to have a much more golden hue.

"Spread it all on her," Mirada instructed, a little wistfully.

With a quick pull Zalen removed the stopper from the vial and stepped closer to the alluring woman. He was now close enough to feel her breath and all he could think was kissing those luscious lips. And her fragrance was nothing but inviting.

Trying to keep his desires under control and his thoughts coherent Zalen tipped the container above her shoulder. The viscous fluid touched the woman's skin, making her eyes go wide and sending a little shiver through her body.

Carefully Zalen poured all of the substance on Amaran's shoulders and chest. When the vial finally emptied, he dropped it on top of the heap of clothes and set out to spread the oily liquid that was slowly slowing downwards.

With a soft, smooth touch Zalen spread the oil all over the Veiled One's amazing body, first covering her neck, then her sides and stomach, then her legs, then moving to take care of her lovely breasts. At the same time Mirada had began casting a spell and Zalen tried his best to stay alert, as hard as it was with Amaryan so close to him.

The Veiled One was squirming and moaning a little from the half-magical substance and from Zalen's caresses. Her sounds just made Zalen more aroused and it certainly didn't help when he had to move even closer to reach her back with his hands. With her perfect little nipples suddenly buried against his chest and his rock-hard rod trapped between their bodies he almost missed catching the spell Mirada had cast. Holding his part Zalen continued his task, spreading the strange oil on Amaryan's bare behind.

"Now!"

Their simultaneous release of the spell seemed to almost set the fireseed oil afire. Or a better description would be saying that the Veiled One suddenly looked like she was covered with hundreds of glowflies. Still, it was little more than a detail compared to the other effect.

The only parts of Zalen that had the oil in them were his hands, parts of his chest and the underside of his hard member but suddenly they felt like on fire. And even though the feeling of immense heat quickly began to subside, it left those areas extremely sensitive to touch and made even the smallest of touches feel that much more pleasurable. Zalen could only imagine how it felt for Amaryan whose whole body was covered with the fireseed oil. Well, her legs had nearly given way and she had only been able to stay up by holding on to Zalen.

As she finally regained her balance and senses she turned to look at Mirada expectantly. Mirada took a quick peek at the scroll and then smiled at Amaryan.

"Now Zalen must lay down on the altar - and then it's all up to you..."

Mirada had barely finished her sentence as Zalen was already pushed back on the altar. Positioning himself a little more to the middle of the altar he watched as Amaryan climbed up and moved to stand astride him, watching him with hungry eyes.

Taking a quick glance towards the others Zalen noticed that their little audience had found something to do as well. Coryel and Leilah seemed to be taking turns licking and sucking Darnac, Sumi had Rasan pinned down and was trying to rip off his clothes, Talyar had his head under Sindara's red, flowing skirt and Jazmyn and Dinah had teamed to pleasure Kity with their skillful lips. Then Zalen turned to look at the even sexier sight standing above him.

For a moment longer the Veiled One just stood there, swaying her hips enticingly and looking at him and his erect staff but then seemed to be willing to wait no longer. With quick steps Amaryan turned and dropped to a squat pushing her well-shaved and oiled pussy against his awaiting mouth. He needed no further instructions and his eager tongue darted to pleasure her.

There were very few things Zalen loved more than licking a woman and he was certainly going to take full advantage of this chance. And the oily liquid that covered Amaryan tasted surprisingly good, especially when mixed in with the taste of her. He could feel her shiver as his tongue darted around inside her folds, first moving around slowly, then teasing her lovebud with soft flicks.

Zalen could no longer see what the others were doing but he could easily feel what Amaryan did - her hands were slowly spreading some of the half-magical oil on his erect rod and it felt simply amazing. Almost too amazing.

Anxious to distract Amaryan and to conserve his strength he entwined his arms around her soft thighs and intensified his oral assault on her highly sensitive bud. It worked.

Despite Amaryan's thighs squeezing his head and her moans echoing around the temple chamber - and the Veiled One wasn't the only one moaning - this time it was easy for Zalen to catch Mirada's spell. Amaryan seemed to have much more trouble and it took several painful moments before the Veiled One picked up her end of the spellweave.

As the spell flowed into existence, the quiet chant echoing in the temple began to gain strength, as if the unseen singers had now entered the chamber. The altar had also began to glow, the light seeming to pulsate with Amaryan's breathing which was getting more and more erratic as Zalen's tongue worked its own magic between the woman's thighs.

"You probably shouldn't come until you're on him..." Mirada's voice whispered urgently.

Amaryan's taste was too intoxicating for Zalen to completely stop licking her but he did slow down, trusting Mirada's judgment on this issue.

Suddenly Amaryan pushed herself up again. The edges of the chamber now seemed dark, as if all the light was gathered around the altar, the air full of the pulsating light spreading from the altar.

In addition to the magical chanting, other pleasure-filled sounds were also echoing in the chamber. Zalen couldn't really see well from his vantage point but he didn't really need to in order to tell that the ritual was rapidly turning into an orgy. Darnac taking Leilah against a pillar. Sumi and Kity on top of Rasan. Talyar taking Sindara from behind. Coryel between Jazmyn and Dinah, moaning from the assault of the twins' hands and lips.

"I've had a dream like this," Amaryan whispered. Zalen turned back just in time to see the Veiled One's hips swaying downwards towards his erect cock.

"This is for you, Vivariel..." As the name left her lips Amaryan's hips dove down, impaling herself on Zalen's dick with a single move that left them both gasping for breath. Not that it wouldn't have felt amazing on its own but with the spell-infused fireseed oil between them it felt like their hips were fusing together, as if there was a layer of pure liquid bliss between them that was drawing them into it.

As the unseen choir around them again seemed to gain new members Amaryan began to move, her body falling into a dancelike flow which did nevertheless keep Zalen's rock hard pole inside. In addition to the mystical choir Zalen could also hear a more mundane one as the sounds of passionate sex around them were picking up pace as well. He vaguely realized Mirada had also began a new incantation as well and he mentally congratulated the young sorceress on her concentration. He himself was having serious trouble keeping his thoughts together as Amaryan's ride kept picking up pace, his hands busy caressing her naked, glowing body. She looked like sex personified.

"More, more, more..."

Amaryan's words were barely audible so Zalen wasn't sure who they were directed to but they seemed to include a strange echo-like component.

"-d -ell, - -ld!"

With Amaryan's wild cunt ravaging his hips Zalen barely registered that someone else had said something - until someone suddenly kicked his shoulder.

"Spellhold, you oaf! Spellhold!"

Managing to grab the wildly pulsating spell he realized Amaryan had already done the same, despite looking completely lost in her passion.

"Now!"

As the third spell burst to life, everything - amplified.

The unseen music was now almost visible, as if warping the air slightly with its arcane power.

The three spells were now forming together, like a vat full of sticks falling together to spontaneously form an intricate palace.

The passion around them was almost radiating. Zalen could suddenly not only know what everyone around them was doing but he could practically feel them - feel Talyar hitting the peak with Sindara's cunt devouring him, feel Sumi's tight butt mounting Rasan again and again, feel Coryel orgasming with Jazmyn's little fist filling her soaked cunt.

But all this felt irrelevant compared to the woman riding Zalen. Women. For there was no doubt that in addition to Amaryan there was now another being sharing her body, feeding on the pleasure and passion filling the chamber.

Even Amaryan's features were looking different, as if superimposed by someone even more beautiful.

"It's happening! But you still need to make her come or she'll never be free!"

Jolted by Mirada's words into action Zalen stood up, catching Amaryan's lips into a passionate kiss while his hands roamed along her body. He could feel the other woman kissing back, devouring him with fierce, hungry lips as his fingers tweaked her hardened nipples. As the goddess' hips pounded against him, his other hand slipped around the woman's butt. With the fireseed oil acting like a perfect lubricant he pushed his middle finger inside her other hole.

Amaryan didn't even pause, her hips continuing their relentless assault which now drove both his hard cock and his finger repeatedly inside her.
