 Serafina forced down a whine as the plant vine, now three of them, rubbed suggestively up her torn skirt. Her mind ran in circles, repeating and screeching she was late for class and that yes, she'd left her suppression aids at the boarding house. She lifted up her head, wincing at the sight. Miles and miles of coarse vine-infested roadside were between her and the stupid trail she'd tried to rush through.

And that was truly something, tumbling her way to messy, muddied clothes and an poor excuse as to why she was late.

Serafina's eyes watered. Oh, she did it now. This wasn't a ditch nor a hole but a ravine in the Wickwood Forest. Wickwood. The human girls at school called it Wicked Forest and they'd make jokes and harass her if they knew she'd fallen here. As a magic hot spot, sundered as her instructors at school called it, she'd be most 'influenced' by the magic at play.

That wasn't true, by the way.

Sundered magic affected humans and Cattalia alike but they wouldn't listen and-

The strap of her school bag waved at her as it rolled on by, the flap horribly open. Papers and other sundries flying out were snatched and quickly buried by the vines scrambling for what disturbed them. Her quills, her ink pots and most importantly, her textbooks, went silently into the earth without even as much as a farewell. With a splat, her bag landed on the ravine's floor-line, three inches below the heels of her brown boots.

Dismayed, Serafina slumped against the soil molding around her body. Not sharing her mood, the vines snaked and dug, making holes and shaking out a rattle-like sound. Seeds, she thought. It sounded like seeds in a tin can. Serafina couldn't recall seeing plants so lively. Not even in the academy's prized greenhouse, so full of exotic and rare plants.

It was in the way they touched and combed her ginger-red hair, weaving their way up into her now frumpy locks and to the ponytail holding it all together. Before she could turn her head, her yellow ribbon fell around her shoulders. She was crowned in her crimson curls. Since she turned nineteen, she been considering cutting her bushy locks but they made her tan horns appear smaller in comparison. Serafina snorted as the weight of her waist-long hair gave way to the wind and vines, becoming much more manageable.

Then she noticed how the little buds bloomed around her, poking their plum-colored heads out of the hillside. Visibly releasing golden clouds of sparkling pollen into the air. Within seconds, the mud and dirt and outdoorsness she'd been stomaching through her sore nostrils gave way to tangier aromas. Now she smelled citrus, honey, melon with just a hint of vanilla. These were her favorite scents, homesick as she was, and not surprisingly, the same smells she'd sprayed on herself this morning. But her perfume paled in comparison to what the vines made in earnest and naturally so rich and vibrant.

Unnatural plants they were, Serafina recalled one of her lesson on the stranger things that lived in Surfeit, their world. They, the plant vines, purple with even purpler buds, are faunaweed. Or at least, they were before they were harvested of their fauna. From their response to her arrival to the slow and steady way they arranged themselves to make room for her in the ravine's hillside, they were interested in her presence.

Two vines, oddly slick with fluid and their tips prickly, prodded the back of her knees. Her bones rattled together as her knees slammed into each other. Without her permission, her body humiliatingly bucked up to escape the sharp prod. Fluttering up her pale, chunky thighs, her light-red skirt rose scandalous inches. Her cotton white panties were exposed, contrasting against her paler skin and the thighs that hardly saw sunlight at all. Blood rose to her cheeks as she imagined a passer-by catching her like this.

It was a hot day after all and she certainly couldn't be blamed on how her sweat made her clothing cling to her body.

How her panties hugged her pussy dearly, making a outline of her private place.

A map of the places to be touched and stroked and fucked-

She was clearly thinking too much.

Serafina dug her boots into the soil to prevent any further tumbling and found her boots were sinking carelessly in as a result. In seconds, she sunk to her knees in the dirt. Caught in a wide-legged stance that left her little dignity at all, her skirt bundled high up on her hips. Stupidly pulling down her skirt with her occupied hands or risk falling even further into the ravine wasn't a sort of question that need an answer.

She kept her grip on the ravine's hillside and tried to keep her eyes busy.

Her poor attempts of distracting herself weren't working as well as she liked.

Looking down, her lower legs half-submerged in the hill and looking out, the ravine's trail and the likelihood of someone eventually passing made her head ignite in fantasies that she shouldn't be having. It wouldn't take much to get out. She had weak magic but she'd been train in basic fire spells and other things that magical plants such as the faunaweed wouldn't like very much.

But the problem of even lifting a finger to escape is that secretly, shamefully, she was beginning to enjoy herself. Time was ticking away, the forest morning finally getting in full swing. Birds chirping. Animals frolicking. Vines seducing. She was already late and there couldn't be anything wrong with being later to class. It made sense, didn't it?

Serafina wiggled her feet and found them restrained, rope-like vines in both strength and sizes shackling around her ankles. It oddly thrilled her, this hold against her body. An excited breath, husky and low escaped her lips and her slowly fading blush rose once more. Struggling lightly, she tested her limits. She lifted her foot, kicking for a better hold with her heel. The vine around it increased its grip, firmly maneuvering her boot back where it was.

Then, as if amused by her action, another vine slithered into the open space of her boot, sliding right in while pushing the shoe off her foot. It rubbed her toes, massaging the ticklish skin there. Serafina tried to yank her foot away but there was no relief to be found. It rubbed aggressively against her heel, tickling her greatly and making her eyes wet with grief. And worse still, the sensation went everywhere in her body. Making it shudder and shake.

Serafina laughed in through her nose but couldn't stop the jolts of pleasure collecting in the space below her belly.

The tickling went on longer than it should, longer than she'd ever been tickled, and the ticklish feeling gave way to more sensitivity to her foot. The rubbing slowed into long, steady strokes but the damage had been done. Her foot being rubbed felt so, so good that she stepped into it, wanting more. Her tense shoulders released and her sore muscles relaxed. She gave a sigh of enjoyment. Then another vine did the same to the other foot, subduing any resistance from there. The foot massage was very much welcomed.

But the vines, now covering her wrists while she was distracted, and pulling her flush against the hillside wasn't as well-received.

Her breasts bounced from the sudden movement, clapping together with a hearty, sloshing sound that made her wish she could turn into a tree. Her horns could be branches. Her feet could be roots. And trees didn't have anything to worry about at all. No boys to be leering. No girls making cracks on how she should be in the academy's animal pen with the other magical creatures.

Why couldn't she have been born human? What's the point of looking human if it meant that real humans would always loathe and only tolerate her. No friends. No peers. She was just a freak taking up space in their class. And they loved, oh how they loved, trying to grope her breasts. All of them. The girls and the boys.

A bovina's milk was a valuable ingredient for potions. 

She was just magic tits with magic milk to them.

Bigger than apples but terrible for her social heath, Serafina's breasts pressed hard and fast now they had the chance to make her hate them so much more. From her fall, her bra became slightly unhooked and with no suppression aids to quell their mutiny, her breasts seized the opportunity. Filling up with milk, her tit-flesh burst out of her white bra's cups, her skin ruddy and tender as her titty trouble-makers increased to another size. Her soft mounds rippled. Straining the straps of her bra until they were in tatters, brave threads still holding on.

From the sweat running down her body, her white blouse glued on to her swelling breasts, practically see-through. As her hands were restrained, she couldn't cover her rousing nipples or push her tits right back in her ruined bra.

Serafina gritted her teeth, trying to use that mantra she used every day once school began to keep her feelings in check. If she didn't have these breasts, the girls would be nicer to her. If she didn't have these horns, she would get asked to go on holiday and school trips. If she didn't have this tail, she could have been chosen as head girl. Her grades were high. Her scores excellent. But if she wasn't a bovina, her life would be- Different! Better. So why should she not hate her breasts? It was all their fault. She tried all she could at the academy and none of it was never good enough!

Looking at her breasts now, big and hers, she couldn't, she wouldn't hate them. Not here. Not now. They were lovely, fertile things. Her nipples, like rosebuds, pearl-pink and bright, perked through her shirt. As they hardened, the skin contracting, they brushed against the fabric and sent shivers down her spine.

Ah, she couldn't remember her breasts being a thing of pleasure.

They were supposed to troublesome, unruly and yet, she couldn't stop staring. With a slow roll of her hips, her great mounds moved, nipples perked and hard and drizzling white, silvery milk as she sought them. Her deliberate movement caught the attention of the vines and they snaked up and across her clothed mounds.

The vines weaved around her nipples and pulled, playing with them lightly. Serafina made a face, her eyebrows bunching together as she got used to the new sensation. Plenty of classmates had tried to touch and squeeze one of her nubs before but she remembered it all hurting and the shame that came after.

Were her breasts really supposed to feel this good by being touched?

Another vine went to the bottom of her blouse, right where the last button sat and went right in. Between the space of where fabric met button, it dove inside, wrenching upwards and tearing the garment into. One by one, her buttons went and her belly became bare as the vine continued. With cool air touching the vulnerable skin, Serafina drew blood by biting hard on her lip, in grief, unable to tell if she was being aroused by shame or pleasure. Her breasts weren't supposed to see daylight! Her body didn't deserve to be touch so gently.

She hated her breasts. She hated them but this hate, this shame, why was it titillating her?

Approaching her breasts, the vine slid up between them, tearing the last of her blouse and her bra in one shot. She was exposed, literally and figuratively and- The vines around her nipples let go, choosing wrap around her twitching tits. Together they squeezed, coaxing a low airy moan from her lips. Tugging her breasts forward, two flowers, tulip-shaped and lavender in color, approached her nipples and latched on.

Attached firmly to her skin, they began to milk her.

Serafina ducked her head, eyes wet from the sheer pleasure chorusing through her veins. Sounds she thought she couldn't make. Flighty and gentle. Murmurs and moans and groans paraded out of her mouth. The flowers pumped her, making her massive mounds release and squirt creamy, foamy milk.

Her first milking...

This was her first milking! 

Serafina's tongue lolled out of her mouth, lewdly panting as her precious milk was squeezed and pumped out of her.

From where the flowers drank, their stems connected to a plant-based container of sorts. Green-tinted and filmy as she spotted, she could see where her milk was being collected before it went into the ground. As the warm milk poured in, she could see how it piled on each other, making more bubbles and foams.

Seeing her milk, swaddled and cared, it made her body quake and seize with need and want.

Some primal part of her cooed inside of her, pleased by her choice in staying. She'd found a good partner for her first milking.

Serafina exhaled through her nostrils, determined not to make another noise that wasn't disgruntled or annoyed at her circumstances. The breath before wasn't just an exhale, it sounded like the beginning of a groan -like repressed pleasure- and no, she wasn't- she couldn't- relaxing in such a state outside in nature and out of class. Serafina blinked, her breath heavy and her lungs slow to take in the pollen-thick air. Stress was having its way with her but so too was the season. As a Cattalia, no, as a bovina, she was long, long, overdue for her first milking. Her mother called her a late-bloomer but that wasn't true.

She'd taken suppression aids the moment she was old enough to know what exactly was being suppressed.

Serafina grew her horns, had her tail since she was a infant, but never did her breasts gave milk. The thought of it revolted her. Her own body a slave to instincts and hormones. It was just what the humans thought the Cattalia should be. Slaves to their betters, the humans, like the animals they keep on the farms and the pets that lay on their beds.

The soil shifted beneath her in earnest and her bottom half was slowly eased deeper in the hill. With the back of her school skirt, a simple bell-shaped skirt with brown frills lining the hem, crumpled together above the start of her panties' waistline, she had no protection against the cool soil giving way against her skin. The sensation of it, the vines caressing her plump, peach-like rear. Like wayward hands cupping each cheek with chilly, damp fingers was exhilarating. Even the space under her tail wasn't spared, coldness pressing against the delicate skin there.

Serafina squirmed, her tail rising higher and higher.

Her knees instinctively spreading further, baring more of her body as possible.

The front of her panties grew wetter and wetter, the cotton almost uncomfortable as it sucked in the feminine essence her body was releasing in anticipation. Serafina simmered in shock, her cheeks hot as her pussy had the nerve to ache with need and want. She couldn't stop looking in between her legs, at the wet spot that was growing in size.

That was her. That was her getting aroused!

Serafina's eyes darted left and right, hoping that someone might come across her and tell her that was she was doing was wrong. Letting herself get literally entangled. No one was there but the vines, sweet vines, planting even more pleasure to grow inside of her. Serafina closed her eyes, trying to put words to the sensation she was feeling.

The shame. The relief.

The guilt and ah yes, the guilty pleasure.

Like a fire that had been lit, she was drawn to it.

The warmth, the feelings it invoked in her.

Forcing herself to glance away, she only found more things to be ashamed of. The floor-line of the ravine looked like a well-used trail, if not a road by the trace of wagon wheel marks in the ground. And it was late in the morning, a good time to starting bringing goods around if merchants and woodsman used the trail regularly. What if they caught her being felt up by the faunaweed? What if their talk made it back to the academy and those human girls would-

Serafina gasped, feeling the vines explore and touch her ass.

And what if she didn't care?

The vines were playing with her rear, slapping gently her thick cheeks and rubbing against her tight and clean pucker. One vine, bumpy with buds, slid down the curve of her underwear and bunched the fabric together into the crack of her ass. Then it pulled, gathering even the cotton in the front. She looked down to see her panties tightening around her dripping lower lips, the fabric so soaked that it was nearly transparent. Another vines grew across her stomach and invited itself around her underwear's waistband, tugging on the panties until they became taut as a cord. Now her panties were like a thin strip, revealing her damp and quivering pussy but not her clitoris, pink and hard, as it strained against their cloth prison.

The vines worked together, tugging up and down the strip of her panties.

Her tail, thin and white with a plume of dandelion-like fluff on the end, rose as far as it could. And the moment it did, her body instinctively thrusted forward, bearing her breasts like an offering.

Her mind went blank. Her body burned.

Take her! Take her now! She was ready to receive seed to-

And Serafina blinked, remembering herself and where she was and the class she was missing and- Oh, she was presenting herself! Presenting as if she was giving herself to a suitable mate.

She curled her hands in fists and tried not to think what she was let happen because of her inaction. And that was it, wasn't it? What she was allowing to happen. Serafina slumped against the soil molding against her body, the dirt curiously shifting beneath her. Her boarding house was a dozen miles to the west. The academy was a dozen miles to the east. And there was still all this earth to climb and her clothes were ruined and those girls would make fun of her and she'd already had a time convincing herself to even come back this year-

Without her suppression aids and the late morning hour giving way to early afternoon, she felt it. Her arousal so keenly and wanton and unrelenting. Like a tiny ember left to fester within a haystack, the heat, the need, spread through her body. Coldly and crudely, her body woke to her latent desire. Instead of breathing, she panted, breath hitching. Instead of struggling, she presented properly.

Thrusting her breasts, readying her legs and tail for... Serafina lightly bit her lip. Penetration. Absolute penetration.

Her panties stretched and stretched until they finally tore.

Serafina looked down on her hot and swollen mound, sweet juices making it glisten in the sunlight. The vines wrapped around her thighs and lifted her hips slightly, spreading her legs just a little further. Away went the remains of her underwear and bra, the torn pieces of her shirt and skirt. The vines gathered them and pulled them underground, out of sight. She fought against it for the fun, for the sport of trying to escape even now. She didn't want to leave, not really now, but making the vines tighten around her, the purple bonds pressing firm against her, made her pleasure increase greatly.

A pair of smaller vines, lesser in their color, mauve-pink, wrapped around her clitoris and rocked it from side to side. Serafina shook her head, testing her limits. She wanted to moan, to cry out in the wood but she kept her lips tightly shut and endured the cries bubbling inside of her.

Another vine, a darker shade of purple, quite thicker in girth than the others, regarded her hole. The tip tested the sensitive skin of her damp folds, caressing the hot flesh there. It circled her hole methodically, a steady calculating way as it reacted to her movement. When she shivered, it pressed harder. When she tensed, catching her breath between the coursing pleasure from the twin vines, it eased. It was learning how she worked, what would give the greatest pleasure.

Serafina's eyes fluttered close, her orgasm so close and near. All at once, her knees seized when her release washed over her. From her toes curling, her knees clattering together, her body arching up and out, her breasts bouncing and clapping, her tears tumbling down her face and her mouth, open and alight, with unadulterated pleasure, her cry loud and wide.
