 Lure of the Arcane

"May I ask you a question, o husband of mine?"

Zalen had been lost in thought but the question brought him back to the present situation. Mirada had brought her horse beside Zalen's and was looking at him sideways.

"Of course. What do you want to know?"

Mirada smiled. "Oh, everything! But right now I'm curious about that staff of yours. I can't detect any magic charges in it. It doesn't look like a fighting staff either. So why do you always carry it with you?"

"Ah. Well, technically it is well-balanced enough to be used for close combat and I have trained with it every now and then -"

A strange half-snort interrupted Zalen's words. The sound came from Leilah riding on the other side. She was now pointedly avoiding Zalen's gaze though.

"I think she wants to see you use your staff," Kity replied, riding behind them.

Leilah whipped her head around, staring daggers at the darker skinned woman.

"Sure. Remind me some time. But anyway," Zalen turned to face Mirada again. "Although this staff isn't magical, I need it to use my magic. I'm a Kyrian. My race has an innate resistance to magic so I can gather very little mana inside me and need an external tool to use as a focus. This staff is made from blackmetal so it can hold a huge amount of mana."

Mirada nodded, then raised her eyes again from the staff.

"Umm... can I be your student?"

*

"You certainly have picked up an odd variety of arcane skills," Zalen noted a little later.

Mirada shrugged. "I have had an odd variety of mentors. After the Sheik learned how much magic fascinates me I've had nearly every magically talented visitor teach me something. Some did so for a small payment, some to earn the Sheik's favor. A rare few even enjoyed teaching me."

The long-haired sorceress-to-be was quiet for a while. Then her eyes lit up.

"But most of what I've learned comes from books. I've read all kinds of strange tomes and manuscripts. Some written in languages that I had to spend months translating. I've read pretty much anything even vaguely related to magic that I could get my hands on. Or could talk the Sheik into getting for me.

So whatever you want to teach me, I'm more than happy to learn!"

"Based on that list of yours I could probably learn a thing or two from you as well. But sure, I can be your mentor. What do you want to start with? Attack spells? Defensive spells? Item enchantment?"

The rest of the day was then filled with arcane studies. There was a lot that couldn't really be taught on horseback but Zalen started with with the stuff that could and Mirada proved to be an eager student, quickly absorbing even difficult concepts and sometimes even adding relevant things she had already learned elsewhere.

*

"Looks like we found this cave just in time," Darnac announced as he walked back around the corner. "There's now a full sandstorm out there."

"We would have had to camp for the night anyway. Good thing this cave wasn't already occupied," Leilah added. "If there was a giant scorpion here I'd rather have taken my chances with the sandstorm."

"True," Kity replied. "Even with magic those things are harder to fight than the flu."

"What about a giant scorpion with the flu? I once -"

"Oh stop that," Sindarah cut Talyar off. "I'm falling asleep on my feet already, you can continue your little chat tomorrow."

The cave was roomy enough that everyone had scattered to take advantage of all the level spots but small enough that Zalen could still see everyone from his position. Rasan and Amaryan on one side, the twins over there, Darnac closer to the entrance, on that side Mirada - Zalen paused as he noticed her already staring at him. She smiled briefly and then laid down, closing her eyes.

Zalen scratched his chin for a moment but then shrugged and did the same. 

A soft touch suddenly startled Zalen back awake. The cave was nearly dark, only a few patches of some kind of slightly luminescent moss providing a little light. 

There was someone next to him. That someone leaned closer to kiss Zalen.

"How do you want me, o husband of mine?"

It took a moment for Zalen to recognize the whisper.

"...Mirada?"

"You're my teacher and my husband and you still haven't invited me to your bed. You haven't even kissed me. Sumi has told us all these stories about you and I don't want to just keep waiting anymore."

Zalen took a quick look around. Everybody did seem to be asleep...

"Don't worry about them," Mirada continued in a soft whisper. "I can be really quiet."

Zalen felt her lift his blanket and then her naked body press against him. "...Please?"

Her voice sounded somehow very vulnerable. That and the feel of her breasts against his chest cleared out the rest of his drowzyness.

"You don't need to wait any longer," he replied, leaning in to kiss Mirada as he began slowly caressing her.

Soft. Smooth. Warm. With little light in the cave Zalen couldn't see much of Mirada's body next to him but she certainly felt wonderful. And based on her breathing she was feeling the same way.

A sudden rustle made Zalen stop. It didn't seem to be coming from outside and Zalen's sentinel spell would have told him of an intruder so it had to be somebody from their own group.

"I think someone's awake," Zalen whispered in Mirada's ear.

A dark shape was getting up and began quietly moving.

"That's just Sumi. I told her I was planning to offer my body to you tonight and she agreed to find her own fun."

Mirada paused as the dark figure leaned down again. A moment later there was a drowsy 'Huh?' followed with some quiet whispers Zalen could not make out.

"Talyar, I think. I would have asked Sumi to join us but I wanted our first time to be just the two of us."

Mirada emphasized her words by turning around and scooting against him like a little spoon. Zalen wrapped his arm forcefully around her and started devouring her neck as her height had left it right in front of his mouth.

"Oo, you really like the idea of getting both of us," Mirada purred, rubbing her butt enthusiastically against Zalen's hard cock. "Maybe I should have asked her to join us after all..."

Well, Sumi was clearly already otherwise occupied as a muffled groan came from the other side of the cave.

Zalen wasted no time starting to caress the tall beauty against him.

It soon became apparent that although Mirada definitely could remain quiet she definitely wasn't about to stay still. The more Zalen's hands caressed and pleasure her, the more she squirmed. And once Zalen's fingers had finally slipped between her thighs she had began grinding her hips against his wrist, wanting more.

On the other side of the cave Talyar's earlier groans had been joined by Sumi's shorter moans. Based on the voice she seemed to have stuffed something over her mouth to block most of the sound so it was unlikely anyone would wake up. It did however act as a nice little thrill to hear her while he was making love to Mirada.

Another small sound drew Zalen's attention to the side. Was someone else awake as well? The figure immediately froze but he had been able to pinpoint the location of the movement. Now who had been sleeping there?

While his focus had been on the possible voyeur Mirada had turned on her back and now suddenly pulled him down for a kiss.

"Please?"

Her whisper was barely audible but Zalen hardly needed to hear more. As he withdrew his drenched fingers Mirada quickly pulled back her knees, spreading her thighs wide and leaving little doubt on just what she wanted.

Climbing on top of her and aligning his hard rod he slid inside her in one long, sensual movement.

Even in the low light Zalen could see Mirada's eyes go wide as he filled her. She bit her lip until he was all the way in, then pulled his face closer for a fierce kiss.

A passionate moment later she ended the kiss, her hands moving to grab the sides of her own thighs. She closed her eyes, then nodded.

Zalen began moving his hips, slowly sliding halfway out of the tall beauty's amazing pussy, then back in. As he slowly increased his pace Mirada's breathing was clearly getting more erratic as well, even though she still managed to stay a lot more quiet than Sumi on the other side.

Zalen's focus was still half on the unseen watcher. Even in the gloom he had finally made out enough details to notice that their little audience was clearly a woman and that she was also busy caressing herself.

As a moan finally escaped from Mirada's lips the voyeur shivered visibly - and Zalen finally saw enough of her hair to recognize her: Leilah.

Smiling Zalen again returned his full attention on the amazing woman underneath him. Mirada's legs had been pressed against his sides but he now guided each of them on his shoulders.

Mirada's eyes popped open again and another, slightly louder moan escaped as the new position allowed his thrusts to plunge even deeper inside her.

The dark cave soon seemed quite filled with muffled sexual activity.

Talyar sounded like he was getting quite close to his limits with the little vixen, Mirada's quiet moans had lit a fire in Zalen's lips and Leilah was apparently having to bite the corner of her blanket to keep herself silent.

She was also the first to blow as she suddenly kicked out her legs, her whole blanket quivering from her orgasm.

A moment later Talyar followed suit, bringing the fun at the other end of the cave to an end.

And given the way Mirada's cunt was practically milking Zalen's cock he wasn't going to last much longer either.

The tall sorceress' eyes were still wide open and she was staring at Zalen.

"...I want to feel it..." she whispered.

This was finally enough for him. Plunging one last time deep inside her his thick member began pumping its load and as Mirada's legs again slipped on Zalen's sides he half collapsed on top of her.

Mirada wrapped her arms around him and squeezed, enjoying the moment.

Zalen gave her a long kiss before laying down beside her.

"That was even better than I expected," Mirada whispered. "But I should let you get some sleep now, o husband of mine."

"That was incredible," Zalen replied. "Good night."

And goodnight to you too, Leilah, he added mentally, taking one last look at the now silent figure nearby. He idly wondered how Leilah would react if he went to her now but a sudden yawn ended that train of thought. Yes, he should really get some sleep now.