 D'Sheyn

Zalen placed the book back on the shelf, took out the next one and turned to walk back to his chair. And almost bumped into D'Sheyn.

"You know, you really don't need to stand nearby all the time. I will call for you if I need something but for now I'm just going to read."

D'Sheyn curtsied. "Yes, Zalen. I don't mind waiting here."

Zalen sighed. It had already been three weeks since their arrival to this place. And the longer they'd been here, the more time D'Sheyn seemed to spend in his presence.

At least she had given up calling him Master which was a relief but afterwards she was still using the exact same tone when she called him Zalen.

And as he was spending almost every night with either one of his wives or with someone who had asked for the Kiss, she always asked to be allowed to watch. His wives often asked her to watch or to join in, while the new initiates often wanted privacy.

But why? He could of course sense when she wanted sex but she was often still there when she was fully satisfied.

Sindara's arrival cut off Zalen's train of thought.

"What is it, my love?"

Sindara turned to look at D'Sheyn, frowned and then turned towards Zalen again.

"I need to talk to you about something. In private."

"Sure."

"Can you wait here, D'Sheyn? I'll bring him back in a moment."

D'Sheyn nodded. "I'll wait for your return, Zalen."

Following Sindara they ended up in a nearby garden.

"I actually wanted to talk to you about D'Sheyn," Sindara began.

"Ah. What about her? I know she's been spending a lot of time with me lately. A lot more than her punishment would actually require. And I have no idea why."

Sindara gave him a level look.

"Haven't you noticed? That poor girl is head over heels in love with you!"

Zalen's jaw dropped. "Whuh? Really?"

"Yes. Really. And you can't keep going like this!"

"Ah. So you're saying I should -"

"Marry her! She truly wants to become part of this harem. Her month of service is ending soon and she's deadly afraid you're just going to cast her aside after that."

Well, that definitely wasn't the response Zalen had expected from Sindara.

"You do like her, don't you?"

"Well yes, but... Umm... Where I come from you don't just ask a woman to marry you unless you're sure you want to spend the rest of your life with her."

Sindara's lips tightened and she tilted her head.

"Which you didn't get to decide with us."

"Exactly. Well, now I know I love every one of you but I really don't want to ask her to marry me when I haven't even asked her on a date!"

"You're so sweet," Sindara said, kissing Zalen. "But you should do that then. Ask her out. We've already talked about her and none of us mind her joining the harem."

For a moment Zalen just stood there, trying to adjust to this unexpected turn of events.

"None of you would mind? Not even Leilah?"

"Not even her. I think she sees herself in D'Sheyn. And Sumi's been secretly giving D'Sheyn sex tips on how to pleasure you."

Zalen stood there for a while.

"Thank you. For telling me. I probably wouldn't have noticed this at all." Even Vivariel's gift only covered sexual attraction, not love.

"So are you going to..."

"I'll ask her on a date first. The rest depends on how well we truly get along once she's my girlfriend and not just a servant."

Sindara gave Zalen a peck on the cheek.

"Good. I'll go tell the others you'll be busy tonight."

Zalen walked back trying to gather his thoughts.

As he walked back in the small library, D'Sheyn quickly sat down on the chair.

Zalen walked up to her, sitting on the corner of the nearby table.

"D'Sheyn. Would you become my girlfriend?"

The blue-haired woman turned to look at Zalen, her eyes wide and her mouth slightly open.

"Girlfr - you want me as your lover?"

"Well, yes. If that's the word you prefer to use. Apparently my wives would prefer if I married you, but that might be a bit too fast for me. But I do want to be with you even after the month is over."

D'Sheyn hopped up from her chair and raised her fingertips to her mouth. "I'm... Ooh, I'm just so happy to hear you say that! Yes!"

She suddenly gave a happy little squeal and ran forward to hug Zalen. "Yes, I'll be your girlfriend. Lover. Sex slave. Wife. Whatever you want!"

Zalen smiled. "Actually, I just realized I never gave you that massage you said you wanted. I think this might be a good time for that. Come with me."

D'Sheyn smiled radiantly and grabbed Zalen's arm as they left the library again.

A little later D'Sheyn was on his bed, naked and on her stomach.

Zalen had fetched the massage oil and began spreading it on her back.

"You have a beautiful body," Zalen commented in a deep voice as his hands worked their magic. "Such soft skin."

Massaging her shoulders he leaned closer. "When we first met, your fascinating, silky hair drew my eyes to your adorable face and your exquisite eyes then captivated me."

"Ooo... you're just... too wonderful!"

His hands had travelled lower, now caressing her sides and the sides of her breasts.

"Of course it was still hard to focus on your eyes because of these. I'm usually more into butts but your breasts are truly the kind that any artist would spend the whole day trying to capture their beauty."

"Oh, Zalen! If you keep talking like that I... I think I may cry!"

His hands had travelled lower again. "Not that your butt is any less of a turn on. I always love it when you 'accidentally' brush your behind against me when I move past you. And love admiring these thighs when you're facing away. Often thinking whether to pin you against the wall and to just take you."

"Ooohhh... Please do..."

He moved to massaging the soles of her feet.

"And the real reason I agreed on the 'equal service' back then was your beauty. I only realized afterwards I should have probably pressed for details. But back then I was a little too mesmerized for that."

This time D'Sheyn didn't reply, just laid there with a blissful expression on her face.

His hands were moving upwards again.

"And although things didn't perhaps quite go along your original plan, it did lead us here. Tonight we can both give each other equal service to celebrate the real beginning of our relationship. Of us as lovers."

Zalen paused his hands as D'Sheyn suddenly rolled around. Tears were running down her face. She grabbed Zalen's hand and pulled him down into a tight hug.

"I did warn you," she mumbled, squeezing him tight. "I'm sorry, I'm just too happy right now!"

"It's ok," Zalen said, hugging her back.

For a while they just stayed there.

Finally the blonde woman released her hold. 

"Thank you. I needed that. But now..."

Pushing him on his back she then crawled between his legs. She placed her hands on his half erect cock and began massaging it.

"My turn to service you for a while," she whispered.

Her eyes locked with Zalen's she engulfed the tip of his cock.

She then wrapped both hands around his length and began moving both her hands and her mouth in unison, forming a long tunnel of pleasure.

Zalen moaned as the beauty kept up her pace, clearly enjoying every little reaction she got out of him.

Finally D'Sheyn sat up again, then stopped to look at Zalen.

"Umm.."

"Yes? You can ask me anything, you know."

"I... Remember that morning with Shareel, Suni, Mirada and me?"

"Of course!"

"Remember how you... pleasured her butt?"

"Yes?"

"I... I think I want to try that."

"Really?"

"Yes. There's no way I'll ever fit your big guy in there but I think I want to feel your finger there while you're inside me!"

Zalen smiled.

"Very well then. Lie down on your back."

D'Sheyn did as instructed, then raised her legs over Zalen as he laid on his side, his hard cock now resting against her cunt.

His right hand was half underneath him, his fingers now ready under his cock.

"Just relax, I will take this slow."

He had coated his finger with the massage oil and began rubbing her tighter entrance.

"You have such a sexy butt," he murmured, slowly starting to push his finger inside.

"Ooo..." she moaned.

Little by little he pushed his finger deeper inside her, stopping in between to make sure she was still fine with it. By the time he was in up to his second joint, she looked more than fine with it.

"How does it feel?"

"Ooooo... amazing..."

"Good. Now then..."

Zalen slowly eased his finger back out, drawing a moan from D'Sheyn. Then he moved his hip instead, pushing his cock inside her wetter target. And this time he slid in with relative ease, perhaps thanks to her relaxed pose.

"And now..."

He began sliding his finger again into her butt. She moaned harder, her fingers digging into the bed. 

"Oohh... I feel so... so full!

"Just tell me when you want me to start moving," Zalen whispered, caressing her lower tummy.

"Yes, I just... need a moment..."

Zalen nodded, running his left hand over her chest, then around her nipple. "Take all the time you need. This is for your pleasure."

"Mmmm... go on now..."

He began moving his hips, moving his cock in and out of her with slow, easy strokes. Every now and then he did the same with his finger.

The combined pleasure had already given D'Sheyn a completely blissful expression. Her eyes were closed and her body was just reflexively following his every move and caress. It was fascinating to watch. As his free hand caressed her stomach, her body arced to follow his touch and every thrust he made inside her was met with an equal movement against his hips. It was as if he was playing her body like a sexual instrument, creating a beautiful melody of pleasure and desire with it.

Her pleasure was also making him even more aroused, causing their bodies' dance to become faster, more forceful.

"I need you," she gasped. "Aah... I need you so bad right now!"

"I need you too," Zalen replied, his body increasing the pace even without his conscious choice.

His finger was still filling her butt and his rock hard cock was plunging into her with an increasing fervor, her drenched cunt accepting each stroke, demanding more.

"Make me cum," she whispered, her head now tilted back. "Please make me cum..."

As his hips kept up the pace he started wiggling his finger inside her smaller tunnel.

"AaoooOOOhhh," she moaned, "I'm... cum... cummmiinggggg!"

And cum she certainly did, her whole lower body suddenly squeezing both his cock and his finger.

As her orgasm died down he finally gently retrieved his finger, causing another, smaller jolt from her.

"How did it feel?"

D'Sheyn grabbed Zalen's shoulder, giving it a squeeze. "Oh... Just... amazing!"

She gave Zalen's cock another squeeze with her internal muscles. "And you're still hard! Ohh... Once I recover a little..."

Zalen smiled. "We have all night for ourselves. We have all night..."

After a lot more sex and even some sleep Zalen had woken up to find D'Sheyn nuzzled up against him. She was already awake though.

"Good morning, my love," she purred.

"Good morning. You certainly look just as beautiful early in the morning as you do fully dressed."

"Now you're making me blush..."

Zalen paused. "Actually there is one thing I've been meaning to ask. Although I'm not sure this is the right time for it."

D'Sheyn gave his side a poke. "After saying that you have to ask! Otherwise I'll just spend the whole day wondering what you would have asked!"

Zalen shrugged. "Why did you choose specifically Amaryan to go with us? I assume you had other options as well? If you had picked someone else then that woman would now be the other Heart Veil. So why her?"

D'Sheyn frowned. "Hmm. That is a good question actually."

She paused, leaning her head on Zalen before continuing. "I guess she was really just the safest choice. She has always been a bit different. I figured she might end up in your bed but she's too much of a free spirit to stay there or to try to claim you. I don't mind you having sex with other women but I really didn't want the one I picked then try to keep you away from me.

Of course, that was before you found yourself a harem. That part I really didn't expect."

Zalen laughed. "Oh believe me, neither did I! Neither did I."

"But now that I'm officially your lover I won't have to worry so much. Even if you're with someone else I still know you'll still want me."

"True - my love."

D'Sheyn made a happy little squeak and hugged him once more.