 Is'arain

"What now?"

Zalen looked around at the people walking around the narrow street, then turned back to answer Talyar.

"It's probably fastest if we spread out. This city isn't that big but it may still take awhile to find her."

"Her? Who are we looking for?"

Zalen grinned upon hearing the new voice.

"Our last party member, Coryel. She's impatient, can't keep her pretty ass out of trouble and has the table manners of a drunk baboon. Smells just slightly better though."

Zalen turned around to see Coryel fiddling with the hilt of a dagger, looking not so amused. She was a little shorter than Zalen, slim but had an admittedly nice butt and her hair was short and coal black.

"If I didn't know you recognized my voice I'd shove this boot in your pretty ass. But first...'

Coryel suddenly sprinted past Zalen, launching herself at the huge figure walking around the corner. Darnac deftly caught the slender woman in her arms and gave her a kiss in the middle of her chest, drawing a giggle from the slender woman.

"You sure took your sweet time," Coryel chided after giving Darnac a long kiss. "And what's with all those women? Did you fight some slave traders or something?"

"No. Remember the Sheik we were heading to meet? He was killed and Zalen inherited his harem."

Coryel stared at Darnac, then turned to look at Zalen. "Excuse me," she then added, hopping down from Darnac's arms and walked around the corner Darnac had just arrived from.

A moment later a raucous laughter could be heard from that direction.

*

"So, did you find anything?"

Coryel shrugged, looking discreetly around to make sure nobody was close enough to listen. There was still a hint of a smile left whenever she looked at Zalen, especially after Kity and Leilah had joined in on the discussion. Darnac had already returned inside the tavern.

"Just a bunch of rumors about the treasure. But I did find out who those guys were that came after us at the Arden Port."

"The Dusk Claws probably," Kity guessed.

"Yes. How did you know?"

"They killed the Sheikh. Their current leader is known as the Lion of Arkulah."

"And they stole the Rose Cube back," Zalen added.

"We'll need to pay his mansion a visit anyway," Coryel announced, "I found out the Lion of Arkulah also has half of the map to the treasure."

"That son of a goat will be known as the Spit Roast of Arkulah after I'm done with him," Leilah added.

"Sounds good. You can use Zalen's staff as the rod," Coryel replied.

"Hey, Coryel. You've known Zalen for some time, right?"

Coryel answered Kity's question with a nod.

"Yeah, you could say that."

"Is he actually any good with that staff of his?"

"In melee? He can hold his own I guess. The amazons taught him the basic movements and I've seen him and Darnac swinging at each other -." 

Once again Leilah's sudden half-snort interrupted the conversation.

"Sorry?"

"Oh, she just wants to face Zalen's staff herself," Kity noted, earning another glare from Leilah.

"Well, it's better to head to the mansion after dark anyway so you have plenty of time to... practice. Have fun."

Coryel left, probably to find Darnac.

"Soo, do we get to test your skills with the staff now or not?"

Kity's question had sounded way too perky to be fully innocent but either way there was only one right option here.

"Sure, let's just head inside."

*

A little later the three of them were standing in an empty storage room. Or actually there had been some sacks and a crate full of old tools but the tavern keeper had quickly cleared those out after leading the group here. "Anything for the esteemed guests," he had said.

Either he treated all guests this well or he figured that a group this unusual had to be rich.

"So, do you think you can take care of him faster than I can?"

Leilah glared once more at Kity, but soon replied: "Of course."

"Well, why don't we make this more interesting then." The darker skinned woman produced an hourglass from her bag and set it on the bench. "The winner gets to be the next one in his bed."

"Why would I want to win that," Leilah spluttered.

"Hah. You know you'll lose so any excuse will do, right?"

"Me? Lose? Not going to happen! You're on!"

"Deal. You first."

Kity sat on the bench and reached out for the hourglass.

"And time starts... Now!"

Zalen was still trying to process the fact that the women were actually planning to fight him for him but he was still ready to deflect Leilah's sudden swing that tried to knock out the staff from his hands.

Leilah growled, then attacked again. Another snap block by the staff, another attack that Zalen barely dodged.

The short-haired vixen's blows might not have the strength of Darnac's swings and her movements might seem sluggish compared to training against Coryel but there was a ferocity in her eyes that made Zalen unsure if this was truly just a training match or not.

Even after the war Zalen had kept up his 'useless' staff training. There was always a chance that he would again find himself in a situation where he couldn't use magic and being able to use his staff might well be the only thing keeping him alive. And right now he was definitely thankful for that choice. Time and time again he just barely managed to defend against Leilah's darting blade.

Finally his attempt at a block went just a little too wide and the next moment Leilah's sword had stopped just a hair from Zalen's throat. 

"Time," Kity yelled and knocked over the hourglass. "Next is my turn!"

Zalen tried to regain his breath as he watched the women switch places. The surprising thing about Kity was not that she fought unarmed but the fact that compared to the slender Leilah she was definitely curvy. Still, underestimating her would be a bad idea, especially considering her current smile.

"And your time... now!"

Kity made a quick leap to the side, then dove forward. Zalen was ready for the move and snapped his staff to block her route. Her forearm met the blow - and the sudden move caused the cloth wrapped around her top to come undone exposing her dark breasts.

Kity's eyes went wide just like Zalen's. She gave a little yelp and moved to cover them up - but switched direction half way and grabbed his staff with both hands.

Zalen tried to yank the staff free but Kity just used the momentum of his pull to launch her body towards Zalen bowling him over. And before he had time to do anything else he found Kity already sitting on top of his chest.

"Time," she announced with a wide grin.

Leilah looked at the hourglass that still had most of the sand left.

"That was a cheap trick!"

"Hey, everything's fair in love and combat!"

"I want a rematch!"

Kity chuckled. "Ok, but on one condition."

"Name it!"

"The winner gets in his bed. The loser has to be there as well but she is only allowed to watch."

Kity turned to look at Zalen who was still underneath her. "If you're ok with this, that is."

"Um. I'm... fine with that."

"Well?"

Leilah glared at Kity for a moment but then nodded. 

"Deal. This time you're first."

Kity got up, allowing Zalen to do the same.

"Aaand... Go!"

Kity flipped down her top again. "So did you like these?"

Zalen's eyes automatically moved to admire the pretty shapes that were slowly getting closer and closer. A quick swipe forced her back.

"They're very attractive but I'm not that easy to fool."

Another sudden attempt to grab his staff but this time he was ready and evaded the attempt.

"Besides, I prefer ogling at your butt anyway."

"Oo, you'll get to taste it soon then!"

Kity suddenly burst into action, diving low towards Zalen and kicking at his feet. His sidestep was barely quick enough and she was immediately back on her feet, launching a flurry of blows against his staff followed with an attempted tackle that forced him to retreat again.

"Playing hard to get?" Kity grinned. "Well, I do like going against a hard staff..."

Again Kity burst into action, coming in low and forcing Zalen to hop back awkwardly. She then somehow spun around on the floor and made a tiger leap towards him. His blow with the staff connected and dropped her flat but unfortunately this left Zalen unbalanced enough that Kity managed to roll around, grab a hold of the end of Zalen's weapon and yank it hard enough that he fell as well.

Once again he found his opponent on top of him.

"Time!"

Zalen took a look at the hourglass that Leilah had just tipped. He was fairly sure it now had less time in it than Leilah had needed on the first round.

"Don't worry, I'm sure we'll give you a great show," Kity consoled Leilah as she sat down next to the hourglass.

Leilah just ignored Kity's verbal poke as she walked to her starting position. Her face looked unusually serious and in addition to her sword she was now wielding a dagger in her left hand.

"Now!"

As Kity turned the hourglass Leilah sprinted towards Zalen. Just before reaching striking distance she whipped up her arm, sending the dagger speeding straight towards Zalen's face. He gave a little yelp but managed to dodge the deadly blade. This still left him a little too slow to dodge the next attack as Leilah slammed the hilt of her sword against Zalen's wrist. Unable to swing his staff one-handed he found himself once again with Leilah's sword on her throat.

"Curses, are you trying to kill our husband, Lei?"

Kity's outburst caused Leilah to suddenly lower her sword along with her eyes.

"I... I apologize. I've watched him fight enough to be sure he would be fast enough to dodge and I threw a little slower just in case but... I'm sorry."

"Umm, it's ok," Zalen replied. "For a moment I did really think you wanted me dead though."

"No, of course not! It's just..."

Kity looked at Leilah for a moment but then grinned. "Well, looks like you won. And if we're really leaving after dark then we'd better lead our husband upstairs now so you can claim your prize."

The door closed behind Kity with a click as Zalen sat on the bed and turned to face Leilah. Kity walked to the side of the room and plopped down on the single chair there. "Ok, I'm just here to watch. Have fun. Ignore my moans."

Leilah glared at Kity for a moment but then walked to the opposite side of the bed. She sat down, not quite facing Zalen.

He scratched his head.

"Umm... Leilah. You know, if you don't actually want to do this you really don't have to."

Leilah briefly met his eyes, then blushed as she looked aside.

"I do want to," she replied in an unusually soft voice. "I've really thought of little else since you entered our lives. It's just..."

Leilah suddenly let out a long sigh, then closed her eyes. Her voice went even softer: "Actually... Just tell me what you want me to do. Just pretend this is your fantasy. That way it is... easier for me. If I truly want you to stop, I will say 'Stop'. Otherwise... just command me. Please?"

Leilah opened her eyes again, took a shaky breath, then turned to half-glare at Zalen once more.

Zalen looked at Kity who smiled back and then softly nodded, apparently finding nothing surprising at Leilah's words.

Well, if this truly was what she wanted...

"Move here and remove your bodice," Zalen instructed the blonde woman.

She crawled there and began untying the cords holding the bodice together. She was still half sideways, still avoiding his eyes.

A moment later the bodice fell to the floor, revealing a pair of perky breasts. Or at least the top half of them as Leilah crossed her arms quickly in front of her. But the pose also raised them higher and did actually more to highlight them than to hide them.

"They're beautiful. Now stand up and remove the rest of your clothes."

Slowly, but with little actual hesitation she did just that, allowing Zalen to see the rest of her fit body. 

"Wow..." Zalen muttered, then raised his voice again. "Now come here and undress me."

Again Leilah followed the command, stepping down from the bed and stopping just in front of Zalen. As her nimble fingers began removing his clothes he could freely admire the sight in front of him. And the marked difference between the woman who had looked ready to kill him earlier and the one now gently removing his travel clothes. 

"She wasn't exaggerating when she said she's been thinking of this since you became our husband," Kity noted from the other side of the room. "Every time Sumi started talking about your sexual encounters you know who was the one that always wanted to hear more? Leilah. Ok, so did I actually but Leilah was the one who always said it. And when Sindara returned from your bed Leilah was practically glued to her side until she told us everything."

And she had been watching during that night with Mirada.

"So you really want me then," Zalen said in a soft voice. 

Leilah didn't answer but she finally met Zalen's gaze for a moment. 

"Good. Because I also want you. Now turn around."

As she turned to face away from Zalen he stepped closer and wrapped his arms around her.

Slowly, gently he began caressing her with his hands. Her sides, tummy, breasts, top of her thighs. At the same time he was kissing the back and the sides of her neck left free by her short hair.

She could of course feel Zalen's hard cock press against her bare back and she had began to wiggle her hips ever so slightly, as if rubbing slowly against it.

Finally Zalen pulled back his arms. "Now climb on the bed on all fours."

Leilah followed the command. A moment later she was at the edge of the bed, her bare butt towards Zalen and her face roughly towards Kity.

"Now spread your thighs," came Zalen's next order.

Leilah did so, her fingers digging into the blanket, preparing for what was to come next.

He stepped closer - and then kneeled, instead choosing to go down on her.

"Oh?" Leilah's surprised sound was soon followed by another, slightly softer 'Ooh' as Zalen's tongue got to work. His tongue danced against her sensitive areas and he amused himself by drawing spell runes on her with his tongue. Of course they wouldn't have any real effect but her reactions were no less magical as she kept making more little 'ooo' sounds and soon began lightly pushing back against Zalen's face.

"Mmm...You should see how blissful she looks," Kity noted from her chair. "I can't wait to see her face when you do mount her."

Kity's last two words brought a shiver from Leilah.

Zalen stopped licking and smiled. Caressing Leilah's buttocks he raised his voice. "Do you want me to, Leilah?"

There was another shiver and what might have been a nod.

"You need to use your words. Again, do you want me to... mount you, Leilah?"

There was a short pause.

"Yes..." Leilah whispered.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes... I want you inside me," Leilah replied, this time with a stronger voice.

"I will... after I'm done eating you out."

Zalen emphasized his words by renewing his oral assault on her little fountain of nectar.

Meanwhile his fingers had sought out the little bud between her lips. Spreading his fingers in a V shape he placed them on both sides of her bud and began rubbing in a circular motion while his tongue sucked and lapped at her.

Leilah's little moans were getting more frequent, more vocal. They were also now interspersed with ones from Kity, their little audience now busy with her own fingers.

"Ooo... so good..." Leilah muttered amidst her moans. "I love you - I mean, your tongue!"

"He knows," Kity murmured from the other side. "He can taste you. Taste your love nectar."

Kity's words caused another shiver from Leilah, followed by a stronger moan.

"He's getting you close, isn't he? Mmm... Our husband is soon giving you your first orgasm from him. His tongue in your horny little cunt."

"Ooo yes," Leilah replied, now moaning almost constantly.

And Kity's dirty talking was clearly helping as well, Zalen mentally added. 

Leilah was obviously getting closer and closer to the peak and Zalen was determined to bring her there. He'd switched from more erratic licking to slightly harder, straight licks and was now eagerly lapping at her delicious pussy.

Leilah's whole body was beginning to tense and she had lowered her head against the bed, her increasing moans now half-blocked by the blanket.

"Cum for him," Kity crooned. "He promised to fill you with his cock once you do..."

The words sent another strong shiver through Leilah's body and seemed to work as a trigger. Leilah's moans suddenly began a strong crescendo, her toes curling up as she finally hit the peak. Her body bucked, almost causing to Zalen to fall off the bed.

As the quakes in her body finally subsided she was still in the same position, her face still half-hidden in the blanket.

"...k me msbd...' came her muffled voice.

"Sorry? I can't hear you."

Leilah turned her head slightly.

"Now take me. Please take me, my husband..."

Smiling he moved behind her. As he guided his cock between her thighs, she instinctively spread them out further, as if in a silent repeat of her earlier verbal request.

Zalen leaned forward to grab a hold of Leilah's hair and gently pulled her head up.

"And now you and your beautiful body are all mine, my wife," he whispered in a husky tone. "I want Kity to see your face because I'm going to fill you. Completely."

By the last word he was in to the hilt, bringing a voiceless moan from her.

"She looks like she just reached heaven," Kity commented as Zalen ran his hands along Leilah's back and began slowly moving his hips. Teasingly slow.

Rolling his hips he slid in and out of her, each time with a different angle. His hands kept caressing her butt, her sides, her thighs.

She was mostly keeping quiet except for a few quiet 'oooo' sounds but the goosebumps on her skin and the way her upper body squirmed more than confirmed just how much she was enjoying this.

Kity was also clearly enjoying the show. Her left hand's fingers were rubbing the area right above her clit while her other hand was busy pumping two fingers inside her.

"Fuck yes... fuck her like that... fuck your horny little wife," she crooned. "That looks sooo hot!"

"I could say the same," Zalen replied, looking pointedly at Kity. She smiled and added a third finger, spreading her thighs a little further.

"...soo big..." Leilah was also mumbling as Zalen's hips were gaining speed. "...oh, take me..."

"Do you really want me to?"

"...oh yes..." she moaned in a tiny voice.

"Do you want me to take you hard, my wife?"

"...oh gods, yes... please..."

Zalen smiled and his hands that had still been caressing Leilah's body moved to grab a strong hold on her waist.

"Very well then. Just say 'harder' and I will do so."

"Harder!"

Keeping her waiting no longer he began moving. Her desire was getting him quite worked up as well and the result was certainly giving Kity something to watch. 

"Ooohh... I am all yours, take me however you want," she whispered, her fingers digging into the blankets.

Zalen slowed down. 

"Roll on your back, I want to see your eyes!"

Wordlessly she followed his instructions, spreading her legs invitingly.

"Look at me! I want to see how you feel when I fill you!"

Her eyes popped open, then remained fixed on his as he climbed on top of her, gathering her ankles on his left shoulder.

Both women moaned as he impaled her again.

"Ohhh... it looks like you're splitting her in two," Kity gasped, her fingers quite busy.

"He is... So good..."

Once again Zalen found himself caught up in the passion. The more she moaned, the more pleasure he wanted to bring her.

And having Kity there as their eager audience was just driving them even wilder.

Faster and faster he thrust inside her, his cock diving deep inside her with each plunge. Her eyes were wide, her lips were muttering words he couldn't make out, her wet cave felt like it was trying to devour his rampaging cock.
