 The Maid

With the Veiled Rose again free, one of the former Council members had cast a Travel spell allowing everyone to jump right to the closest House of Veils.

The former Veils had led everyone to their rooms, Zalen included. He had just had time to kick off his boots when someone knocked on the door. D'Sheyn.

"I'm here to begin my maidly duties, Master."

The blue-haired former Council member was no longer wearing her Veiled One's outfit and had switched to something more maid-like. Although Zalen was fairly sure few maids wore something with a hem that short or with such a revealing cleavage. Or those interesting boots with straps going all the way up to her knees.

A little later, and after a frantic bout of tidying the room up she had settled on a chair by the wall, her focus apparently in the book in her lap. Her eyes seemed to be constantly flickering towards Zalen though.

"Is the book any good?"

"Umm... yes, Master. Yes it is. Very interesting."

"So why are you reading it upside down?"

The woman jumped a little, spun the book around - and a moment later spun it back with a blush as she realized it had been the right way around in the first place.

"Ha! So what were you planning to have me do if Vivariel hadn't intervened and I had returned to fulfill my end of the bargain?"

D'Sheyn blushed again, avoiding Zalen's gaze.

"I... when I first saw you the first image that popped in my head was you, bare-chested, carrying me to bed. Maybe giving me a massage. And then your handsome face between my thighs. I hadn't really made plans beyond that. Maybe I would have tied you down on the bed and then teased you with my body."

She looked lost in thought but suddenly seemed to realize what she had just blurted out and quickly hid behind her book.

"Well, I do need to rest so the 'tie me down' part will have to wait but..."

D'Sheyn made a surprised squeak as Zalen scooped her in his arms. Her eyes went even wider as she realized he had quietly stripped down to his britches and was now indeed bare-chested.

"Just asking would have been enough to get me between your thighs. Especially when you're wearing something like this."

She blushed once more but this time she no longer averted her gaze, instead staring at Zalen with a hungry expression.

He carefully lowered her on the bed before climbing up on it as well. With her knees bent her short skirt had already slid out of the way and Zalen had to just push her knees apart to reveal the neatly shaved little treat between them.

She quickly crossed her feet behind his neck, gently pulling him closer.

Running his hands along her body he began devouring the sexy little maid with his tongue. Starting with a light touch his tongue drew shapes on her sensitive parts, interspersed with sucking on her pubic lips.

As she had wrapped her thighs around his head he couldn't really hear most of her moans but based on her squirming his caresses were certainly having an effect.

On a whim he pressed his lips against her little nub and began humming a tune to get his lips to vibrate a little. At the same time he had moved his hand between her thighs as well and began slowly sliding two fingers inside her.

D'Sheyn went crazy. Even with her thighs against his ears he could hear her repeating 'Yes. Yes. Yesss... Yesss...' and her whole upper body was starting to arch backwards.

Zalen began rapidly flexing his fingers inside her and that proved enough for her. Her hips bucked against him as her whole body thrashed in throes of her orgasm.

As her thighs' squeeze finally relented he pulled back his head, instead returning to idly caress her body with his hands.

"Ooh my," D'Sheyn sighed after a while. "I made that deal back then because I thought you were handsome but what I really should have done was to go with you."

Her toes slipped in Zalen's lap and caressed his stiff cock through the fabric.

"Are you sure I can't try this out as well?"

Zalen chuckled. "You're highly tempting but I really need the rest."

"Can I at least come here in the morning to watch?"

Zalen raised his eyebrows. "Oh? Well, sure. Why not! But go now."

D'Sheyn nodded, leaned over to give Zalen a short but passionate kiss and then hopped down from the bed. She immediately resumed the maid act, curtsied and left.

Zalen laid down on the bed, looking at the door. He had been that close to just yanking down his britches and giving her what they both wanted but tomorrow's initiation ritual was probably more important. And she didn't seem to mind having to wait a little.

He had to wonder though - would things have gone differently if D'Sheyn had joined them instead of sending Amaryan? And just why had she picked her in particular?

A Perfect Morning

"... so hard already!"

"Just how thick is that thing? No wonder it was enough to set the Rose free, it looks simply divine!"

"And feels like that too!"

Zalen was still trying to come to terms with the fact that the tree he had climbed in had suddenly turned into a dryad when Sumi's voice finally pulled him awake.

And it was definitely a fantastic sight to wake up to. In front of him sat Shareel, Mirada and Sumi, each one on their knees and wearing identical outfits. They were wearing short, dark red skirts and tops that pretty much covered only the bottom half of their breasts. It was like each pair of boobs was resting in a fluffy, white nest.

Other than that the three women looked quite different. Whereas Sumi was short but still quite curvy, Mirada was very tall and rather thin. Shareel on the other hand was not as tall as Mirada but still looked bigger. She wasn't actually plump or anything but she had quite broad shoulders that reminded Zalen of a few of the Amazon warriors he'd met.

Near the wall sat also D'Sheyn, wearing a similar outfit as yesterday except with different shoes. Bodywise she looked like the average of the three other women, except for her rather well-endowed chest.

Sumi's hands were also busy caressing his cock that was already close to full hardness.

"Good morning, Beloved," Shareel greeted him, having noticed he was now awake. He would have to start getting used to that form of address since he was now a Heart Veil. "I am here and waiting for my Kiss."

Sumi looked at the now awake Zalen and frowned. "Shoot. I was kinda hoping he'd stay asleep for a while longer. I was planning to be riding him when he'd wake up."

Shareel tapped her lips. "Well, I do know a sleep spell, but I'm not sure it would be right to use it like this..."

Mirada giggled. "I don't think our husband would mind! Or do you?"

"Umm, I can't really think of a reason why I would! But I do have to warn you: I am a Kyrian so I'm partially resistant to magic."

Shareel nodded. She then begun chanting a spell and finally released it by planting a kiss on Zalen's lips.

"This should be enough."

As the drowsiness overtook him, the last thing he heard was Mirada's "Oo, I just had an idea!"

He was again in the forest, in the embrace of another dryad. Or maybe the same one. The creature kissed him, its lips reminding him of herbal tea. He could feel the dryad slowly mounting him, his cock slowly sinking inside her, her hole full of a honey-like substance.

Zalen's eyes popped open again. It took him a moment to register anything as the women had apparently blindfolded him. And tied his hands to the bedposts.

"Are you awake now?"

Zalen answered Mirada's question with a nod.

Whoever had been blowing Zalen released his erect cock with a plop.

The next voice that spoke up sounded like Shareel's.

"Your wives thought up of a little test for you."

Mirada's voice continued:

"We'll do something and you have to recognize which one of us it is. If you get three right we'll remove your blindfold."

Zalen nodded again. "Very well."

A moment later a pair of lips engulfed his cock again, then began sliding up and down on it. Hmm, considering what he had seen before the sleep spell - "Sumi?"

"Damn. That's one then."

Sumi released his cock again with a sigh.

There was a moment of whispering and then a pair of lips met his own. After a long, soft kiss the mystery woman pulled back.

"Shareel?"

"No," came her answer. "That was Mirada."

Again a brief silence with only sounds of shuffling. Then he felt something soft press against the sides of his cock. Breasts?

The unseen woman began slowly massaging his hard cock with those wonderful breasts.

It was hard to recognize them this way though.

"Sumi?"

"Again no," came her reply. "Shareel."

There were again some whispers. A moment later his head was suddenly enveloped by thighs and a very enticing scent.

Zalen eagerly began using his tongue on the woman now sitting on him.

His oral exploration soon brought out a muffled moan. Damn, they had probably covered her mouth to make his job harder. But then again, they hadn't said how quickly he had to make his guess, had they?

As he kept up his oral administrations, there was another muffled moan, followed by a third.

There was also a fourth, not so muffled moan but it seemed to come from further off. Probably from their little audience.

The woman on top of him finally got up - or was pulled off? Which probably meant he had to guess again.

"Mirada?"

"Not yet!"

"Mwah... You have a wonderful tongue," Shareel's voice murmured.

A moment later the next woman pushed his erect cock against his stomach and then sat on top of it, pinning it under her crotch.

She then began slowly moving her hips, sliding her lower lips along his thick cock.

Again there was a moan from the side of the room. Well, the three women were kinda fulfilling her little fantasy so it was hardly a surprise that she'd get turned on...

Hmm, which one was on top of him though? Sumi was probably too horny already for this kind of teasing but which of the others was this?

"Mirada?"

"Shoot. Two correct then."

As the woman on top of him stood up there was a longer pause filled with whispers.

Finally he again felt someone's legs against his sides and the woman on top grabbed his hard cock.

There was again a muffled moan and his cock began sliding inside a hot, wet tunnel. Except even with all the wetness, he only got a third of the way in. Another long, muffled moan.

The woman on top began slowly riding him - well, the top third of him. A moment later she again pushed down, getting just little lower before getting stopped by his girth.

"...ooo biigg..." came the muffled voice.

Mirada and Sumi hadn't been this tight but the voice hadn't sounded like Shareel either.

"...D'Sheyn?"

"Damn, how did you guess?"

Sumi's incredulous voice was followed by her pulling the blindfold away from his eyes.

In front of him was indeed D'Sheyn, mounting his cock with Mirada covering her mouth with her hand.

"She was looking even hornier than Sumi so we pulled her over," Mirada explained, releasing D'Sheyn's mouth.

Again the woman pushed down, getting maybe half of the way this time.

"Mmmaaaahhhh... By the Rose..."

Shareel was caressing D'Sheyn's breasts while Mirada did the same from the other side.

"It feels even more amazing once it's all the way in," Sumi whispered, now sitting on top of Zalen's arm as his hands were still tied to the bed post. As this left her crotch against his arm he could feel just how wet she also was.

D'Sheyn pushed down once more - and this time his cock finally got through. It slipped all the way inside her as her hips finally met his.

The woman let out an incoherent moan as her whole body began shaking.

She collapsed half on top of him and while she was still recovering from the aftershocks Shareel gave her butt a slap.

"Come on, Doll. Your turn to watch."

D'Sheyn let out another low moan but crawled aside.

Shareel turned her eyes towards Zalen's thick member as it sprang back up. She wrapped her fingers around it and was just moving towards it as a perky butt blocked her way.

"Too slow," Sumi announced, quickly mounting the cock Shareel was still holding in her hand. "I've been waiting way too long for thiiisss..."

"His tongue is still free," Mirada noted.

"Oo, good point!"

Shareel crawled around Sumi who now had her eyes closed and was looking like a cat that had finally found a warm spot.

The former Veiled One leaned in to give Zalen a kiss. "Mind if I take your tongue for a ride?"

"My tongue is always free for that! Besides, you were pretty delicious..."

Shareel raised her thigh over Zalen and then positioned herself right over his waiting mouth. He wrapped his arms around her thighs. 

"This time you're not getting away until I've brought you to the peak," he announced before diving in with his tongue.

"And I'll help you," Mirada purred, slipping behind the other woman and wrapping her arms around her.

Sumi was grinding her hips against Zalen. "Aaahhh...I swear your cock feels even more addictive now than it did last time!"

"Maybe it's because... we're the first on his dick... since Vivariel rode him," Mirada suggested between kissing Shareel's neck. "Maybe there's like a divine charge on him!"

Shareel shivered, fully enjoying the dual caresses from below and behind. "Mmm... no wonder Doll came that hard then!"

Sumi was grinding him now harder, tilting her hips to an fro. "Mmmaahhh... If he'd keep fucking Vivariel...MMaaahhh...he'd become like a demigod of sex..."

While the exotic beauty was rapidly approaching her peak Zalen's focus was fully on the delicious pussy within his tongue's reach. Did the Veiled Ones use some kind of a taste oil in their lady parts or was she just naturally this yummy? Either way he was more than eager to go wild on her. Still, better to go for a gradual buildup.

He was alternating between licks, sucking, kisses and very light nibbles, using his tongue to push the beauty on top of him towards the peak.

"Heavens what a tooongue..." Shareel gasped.

"Yeah, isn't it," Mirada added, her hands still busy caressing Shareel.

Shareel's moans were still barely audible compared to Sumi's though. She was rapidly reaching her own orgasm and was now grinding against Zalen's rod like she was possessed.

"Aah... Aah... Aah... AAHH... AAHHhh... AAAAAAHHHHHH!"

He could feel her cunt suddenly gush around his cock and her collapse from the strength of the orgasm.

"You came, your turn to watch," D'Sheyn's voice announced and the still quivering exotic beauty was pulled aside from top of him.

"Oo, my turn," Shareel said but as she began to push herself up Zalen pulled her back.

"Not until you cum from my tongue!"

"Aah! Well, that shouldn't take looonggg..." she moaned as he resumed his oral assault.

"I'll put his cock to good use," Mirada announced.

A moment later Zalen could feel a new pussy envelop his cock and hear a moan from Mirada.

Unlike Sumi who had mostly settled on grinding against his dick, Mirada immediately began riding him with long, even movements.

The same could not be said of Shareel though. As Zalen's tongue kept up lapping her movements were becoming more and more erratic and her moans shorter and sharper.

"Come on Shasha," D'Sheyn's voice murmured. "Time to cum."

The sexy maid's fingers had slipped on Shareel's pubic mound and were massaging her there while Zalen's hungry tongue was devouring her from below. And based on the sounds he was hearing D'Sheyn had also put her mouth to good use.

The pleasure finally proved too much for Shareel. As the orgasm hit, her thighs squeezed Zalen while her hands gripped his arms, the rest of her body going into a series of mini jolts. With someone kissing her all you could hear was a muffled 'Mmf mmmf' though.

Having accomplished his promise Zalen finally released his hold. Shareel moved back, laying down behind Zalen to gather her breath.

"Heavens... That was already more than I expected from my Kiss. Haaahhh... You are certainly a great choice for a Heart Veil!"

"Ooh... he's the biggest reason we wanted to join," Mirada replied.

"Haaah.. and he definitely looks bigger than anyone I've had inside me."

Mirada was still riding him at the same, steady pace. Her head was tilted slightly to the side with a blissful look upon her face.

Her right hand had slowly sneaked between her thighs and she was now rubbing herself in addition to her ride.

"I love seeing you do that," Zalen murmured.

"You just... feel so... good... mmaahhh..."

He raised his right hand to caress her neck. He would have done the same with the other one but D'Sheyn had sat on top of his wrist and was now grinding her crotch against it. Her own hands were now busy twirling her nipples.

"Growrr... You look damn hot as well," Zalen added. 

Mirada had also noticed the little show happening next to her. "Oo, she really does! Aah.. aah.. AAH... AAH..."

Her own hands were getting more and more active, her hungry cunt still devouring his thick cock with long thrusts.

"I'm gonna.. gonna... AAAHHH!"

It looked like her body was suddenly experiencing a series of mini jolts, each one causing a sharp exhale from her.

Then she - well, melted was perhaps the most descriptive word. First she was upright, a moment later she was laying down on top of him sighing happily.

"Now it's my turn then!"

Shareel had moved next to Mirada and gave her butt a light tap. "Time to move, cutie!"

"Mmmhhh... only if I get a kiss..."

Shareel smiled, leaning over to give the tall woman a long kiss.

"Yummy..."

Mirada finally moved, leaving his cock again free. Shareel wrapped his fingers around it as she maneuvered closer to him.

"Now I'm not leaving this until you cum."

"Get on your tiptoes when you want him to blow his load," Sumi hinted. "He really loves that position!"

"Oo, I'll keep that in mind! But first..."

Shareel suddenly whirled around and raised her leg over him, leaving her on top and facing away from Zalen.

Aligning his cock with her wet tunnel she then pushed back, his erect cock sliding inside with one long, blissful motion.

"Haaahhh... now this was worth the wait."

"You have a such a beautiful butt," Zalen murmured. "I'd caress it if my hands weren't already occupied."

Indeed, Sumi had already copied D'Sheyn and sat on top of his other hand. He had raised three fingers on each hand and both women had quickly taken advantage by riding them. The only one still free was Mirada who was now laying on her side, watching the others with a wide smile on her face.

"A race to the peak," she mumbled.

The three women had indeed turned the situation into something of a pleasure race. D'Sheyn and Sumi were both grinding their hips against Zalen's hands, watching both him and each other in turn.

Shareel was leaning away from him and then throwing her weight back at him, swallowing his length with her wet cunt.

Each woman seemed to be feeding off the others' moans, as if wanting to be the first to cum off him.

The 'winner' turned out to be Sumi, if only by a hair. Both women were grinding and moaning like crazy but suddenly he felt his exotic wife's cunt gush her juices all over his hand. D'Sheyn hit her peak as well, her orgasm so forceful that she slipped straight out from his hand, leaving her shaking on her back the bed.

As Sumi had also released his hand he was now finally free to lift both hands on Shareel's enticing butt as she kept fucking him.

"Caress her there," Mirada whispered from beside him, grabbing his hand and directing it towards her tighter entrance. "I've heard she really likes that!"

Zalen did so. 

"OOH! By the Rose..." Shareel moaned as his well lubricated finger suddenly slipped inside her other tunnel. "That... feels... too... oooohhh... GOOOD..."
