 The Festival

After a long travel the group had finally reached Um-Barrad.

This was the first dwarven city Zalen had ever visited and it certainly looked quite different from the previous cities he had come through. Every building looked like it had already been there for centuries, both in good and in bad.

The city was apparently also the biggest center of Dumanna worship and the place that held an annual festival for her honor.

The streets definitely confirmed that. Most dwarves passing by were wearing quite revealing clothing and most of it was quite colorful, especially by dwarven standards.

Few people seemed to mind the newcomers though. Zalen and the women drew a few curious looks and some more flirty ones but most dwarves just ignored their presence altogether. 

The group had finally reached a small plaza.

In the middle of it stood two dwarf priestesses, both wearing robes that were nearly see-through. They were carrying baskets and handing out little pots to the scantily dressed crowd.

"Scented lube," Sumi whispered to Zalen.

One of the pair had finally noticed the group and turned towards them with a radiant smile.

"Welcome to the Festival of Pleasure! We don't often see humans here. Are you here to watch or to participate?"

"Today and tomorrow there's all kinds of erotic events during the day. And after sunset there will be a whole lot of spontaneous passion everywhere!"

Zalen took a deep breath before raising his voice:

"Actually we are here to challenge the Church of Love and Pleasure to a competition!"

"What? Who..."

"We are here in behalf of the goddess Vivariel, The Veiled Rose, finally freed from her centuries long captivity."

"What kind of a competition?"

"That is something you get to decide. You choose the event and the rules and everyone at the festival will be the audience."

"And the prize would be - what?"

"If we win, you won't stand in the way if someone wants to convert to follow Vivariel. If you win, we will publicly pronounce Dumanna's superiority."

The two priestesses looked at each other. "Umm.."

"Deal!"

The voice had come from a third dwarf now gliding towards them. She had quite the curves and an even more revealing dress than the other priestesses. 

"And welcome on my behalf as well. I'm Umaru, the high priestess of Dumanna."

Zalen tried to keep his eyes on hers despite the enticing display below. "Oh, feel free to look," she laughed. "They're there for the glory of Dumanna after all!"

"And quite spectacular," Zalen added, earning a smile from the high priestess.

"I had heard that Vivariel had been freed but I didn't expect to see her followers here this soon. And I certainly didn't expect to see a man."

"The Veils now welcome anyone who believes in mutual pleasure. I am one of Vivariel's Heart Veils, the other one has travelled west on a similar journey."

Umaru nodded. "Very well then. In three bells we will have the competition you requested at the plaza to the north. You will compete for Vivariel's glory and I will do the same for Dumanna. There will be three events. Is that acceptable for you?"

"Perfectly."

"We will see you at the plaza then."

As the three priestesses hurried away to make the necessary preparations he suddenly felt a familiar presence in his mind.

"You and Dumanna certainly share the same taste in women," Vivariel's voice murmured in his mind, sounding highly amused.

"I like curves,' Zalen admitted in his mind. "So is there anything I should know before this competition begins? I haven't exactly had much experience with dwarves so far."

"I have to stay away during the actual contest but I can at least give you a few hints now.

First of all: their skin is not as sensitive as humans have. So if you use your tongue you need to be a lot more forceful with it.

Second: If they have an orgasm they will always need a small break. Continuing after that would be painful for the dwarf. But she will let you know when she's recovered, often very enthusiastically.

Third: even if they have short legs, their pussies are still normal size. They're actually stretchier down there than humans! So you don't have to worry about being too big for them. They're also -" Vivariel suddenly giggled inside his mind. "Actually I'll let you find that part out yourself!"

For the next two bells there was quite a bit of activity in the city. There were dwarves running around telling everyone about the big competition that was going to take place, priestesses carrying stuff to and from the plaza, festival-goers chatting animatedly whether to participate or not. Whatever the actual events were, they were looking for plenty of volunteers for them.

Zalen's group had already reserved good seats and were just waiting for the contest to begin leaving Zalen to wait by the stage. As the time of the contest was getting closer Umaru showed up as well to the cheers of the audience.

There was quite a bit of excitement in the air.

"It's now time for the first event, a sexual contest between two goddesses of sex!" 

The announcer's voice brought cheers from the audience as he turned towards Zalen. He was speaking in Northern Dwarf that Zalen mostly understood, even if his pronunciation would have been somewhere between bad and horrible.

There was another announcer who now repeated the same in Southern Dwarf but even though a lot of the words were the same Zalen couldn't understand any of it.

"On this side, competing for the newly released goddess, the Rose of Desire, the Veiled Rose, Vivariel, is Zalen, the mage from beyond the seas!"

Another wave of cheers from the crowd. Few of them probably expected him to win, but they'd definitely be curious to see a human on the stage and that was more than enough at this point.

"And on this side is Dumanna's very own Priestess of Pleasure, Umaru."

This time the cheers and hoots were a lot louder, especially with the priestess taking a few suggestive poses for the crowd.

"And here are is our group of eager volunteers!"

There were a lot more cheers and a few whistles from the audience as the announcer paused to point at the dwarves walking to the stage. The women had lined up on Zalen's side, the men on Umaru's side. 

"Each contestant is only allowed to use their hands and mouths. Every time you reach the motherload, you raise your hand. When the sand in the hourglass ends, we count how many points the contestants received. Are the contestants ready?"

"Ready."

"Ready," Zalen replied in Common, knowing most dwarves also spoke that language.

"Go!"

Zalen ran to kneel in front of the first lady dwarf who was wearing only a rope mesh skirt and a cute smile. She quickly spread her thighs.

"Wow, it's beautiful," Zalen mumbled before diving in with his tongue. Keeping Vivariel's advice in mind he began lapping at her with a firm tongue.

"Mmm, first time I've had a human tongue in there," she noted.

It was a first for him as well. He had met a few dwarves over the years, but all of them had been male. And clothed.

Compared to human women their pubic hair seemed to naturally stop a little above their clit. Everything below that was hairless and had a slight, oily sheen. As for the taste - well, Zalen couldn't really think of anything to compare it to. 

As he was moving his hands closer to wrap around the dwarf's thighs his fingers brushed against the next dwarf's knee.

Ah, the next dwarf lady was sitting that close, probably eager to see Zalen's performance. Hmm, what if...

Bringing his left hand below his face he began sliding a few fingers inside the dwarf in front of him - and his right hand slipped around the next dwarf's thigh, then slid forward alongside it.

"Two at once? Aren't you the eager miner," the more busty lady chuckled in Dwarven. "But come on in!"

As he began to push both of his fingers inside the two dwarven women, he was surprised to find just how warm their insides felt. A lot warmer than any woman. It was like he'd pushed his hand inside heated jello.

His surprise probably showed on his face as the first dwarf suddenly smiled. "It's warm deep inside the earth. We're the same."

"Both hot," Zalen replied before resuming his oral assault, earning a another smile from the first dwarf.

Hmm, just how stretchy were they then?

He had slid two fingers inside the duo and was wiggling them within their enticing cunts. A third finger? Slid inside with ease. Fourth? Brought an audible moan from the second dwarf. Maybe then...

Placing his thumb in the middle of the palm he began sliding his right hand deeper inside the second dwarf. A stronger moan from her but he did get quite the way in. Wiggling his hand a little more he pushed down, stretching her entrance a little more - and suddenly his hand slipped a little deeper. Pulling his fingers into a fist he pushed a little more.

"Aah, by the caves and mountains! You have your whole fist inside me! Feels... amazing!"

The first dwarf gave a little jump, but then spread her thighs a little wider, as if inviting Zalen to do the same for her.

And that's exactly what he had been planning to do.

"Ummaa... soo good... I think I might want to convert..." she moaned.

The announcers was apparently describing Umaru's performance on the other side but they were again using Southern Dwarven and Zalen couldn't make out more than a few words here and there. Not that it mattered as he had two beautiful dwarves to pleasure. Two moaning, beautiful dwarves.

"Aah... aah... more... aah..."

"Mmaahh... oh gods... UMMaah... AAHH..."

The combination of his tongue and the fist now wiggling inside her finally brought the first dwarven lady to an orgasm. Her cunt suddenly gushed, then contracted against his fist.

"And Zalen now also gains his first point!"

As the dwarven beauty's orgasm subsided Zalen was finally able to withdraw his hand. Giving the pussy in front of him one last kiss he raised his head - and began pumping his right hand straight in and out of the busty dwarf. "AAH, AAH, AAH, AAAHHH!"

With her hands grabbing the arm ending inside her she came hard as well.

"And another point for Zalen! He takes the lead!"

As the second dwarf released his arm he gave her a wink and moved forward, this time stopping directly between the next two dwarves. The left one had a copperish tinge in her hair and was relatively curvy for a dwarf. She had on a dress that was long on one side and covered next to nothing on the other. 

The other dwarf had a slightly darker skin and was thinner and was wearing a very short leather skirt.

"Hi! Do you cum here often?"

Both ladies clearly understood Common as Zalen's question earned a chuckle from both of them. They spread their thighs almost in unison.

As he again began pumping his fingers inside the dwarves, he took a quick peek at the other side to see how his opponent was doing. She was still on her second seat,her head bouncing on the dwarven cock in front of her. And by the look of it he was about to blow at any moment.

Zalen turned to nibble at the breasts on his right. At the same time his hands had worked their way fully inside the two dwarves, allowing him to begin slowly moving his hands.

The more curvy dwarf bit her lip and leaned back, grabbing the insides of her thighs.

"Ooh... fill that cave... fill it hard!"

Zalen was more than happy to oblige and began fisting the horny dwarfette in earnest.

The other lady's eyes were alternating between Zalen's face and the naughty action taking place right next to her. She was biting her lips and kept making a hissing sound as Zalen's fist wiggled inside her.

Meanwhile the other lady was getting closer my the moment.

"Ooh... ooh... OOh... OOhh... Oo-ooohh... Oo-OOhhh... OOOhhh..."

With Zalen's left hand busy pumping the curvy dwarf, he was also beginning to up the tempo with the darker-skinned one.

The left dwarf's legs shot out straight as she finally came. And came hard.

As the still moaning dwarf's insides stopped spasming, Zalen quickly slipped his hand back out. He was first about to do the same with his other hand so he could switch hands and move to the right to pleasure the next dwarven damsel but the darker-skinned beauty had grabbed a hold of his right wrist, clearly enjoying the fisting too much to allow for a pause.

Well, maybe there was another way.

"Hey! The cute one with the curls!"

The next dwarf in line who indeed had curly hair turned to look at Zalen who quickly beckoned her closer.

She shrugged and climbed up. 

"Get on top of her," Zalen instructed, pushing the dark-skinned dwarf on her back with his left hand.

The curly dwarf grinned then lowered herself on all fours on top of the other dwarfette.

"Nice to meet you," the dwarf on top said with a sultry tone as her breasts were now hanging just above the lower dwarf. "Aahh.. and definitely youu..." she continued in Common as Zalen's tongue began devouring her crotch.

With his left hand busy pumping the lower beauty and his tongue now eagerly lapping at the other one's cunt lips and clit, his right hand was still free. He pushed his thumb inside the curly dwarfette's pussy, drawing a sound that was half moan and half purr. He wouldn't be able to use his whole fist without pulling his mouth away but she tasted way too good for that.

After getting his thumb nice and wet he pulled it out - and began rubbing her other hole with it.

"OoOOoohh," she moaned in reply. "I haven't had anyone there for some tiiime..."

Taking that as a permission he began pushing his thumb in. The reply was another long moan and she began wiggling her hips, as if to help his finger deeper.

As he finally got all the way in he began moving his hand in tandem with his other hand.

The darker skinned lady below was already getting quite close. Her wild moans were clearly having an effect on the dwarf on top of her, especially as their movements were causing their breasts to rub together.

With his fist, tongue and thumb pleasuring the two it was now just a question which one would cum first.

The curly beauty answered his question with a sudden shout. "Oh fuuuuck!"

Her body spasmed, nearly knocking Zalen down. Her forceful orgasm seemed to send the dwarf underneath her over the edge as well. Her pussy suddenly gushed around Zalen's fist, causing a spurt that wet half his lower arm in her very warm juices.

"...aand time! Looks like Zalen just managed to score two more points! Contestants, step back!" 

"Nooo..."

The second voice had come from the dwarf woman who would have been next in line.

"There's always the next event," Zalen replied, giving her a wink as he extracted his fist and thumb and stepped away from the still moaning duo.

"And the winner of the first event is Zalen with a one point lead!"

There were a few cheers and Zalen noted a few dwarven ladies in the crowd eyeing him more meaningfully. 

"Without delay we are moving on to the second event! Contestants, could you move to your places over there?"

There were two seats waiting in the indicated direction. Umaru took one, leaning back on it and spreading her legs over the wide armrests. She had already hiked up her skirt, now revealing her bare pussy for half the audience.

Zalen was led to the other seat, stripping down right before. There was a smaller seat next to him with a bit younger looking dwarf waiting with a bucket of some clear liquid. She was clearly an adult as underage dwarves weren't allowed at the festival, but Zalen had to admit he would have been awful at guessing dwarven ages anyway.

The cheerful dwarfette dipped her hand in the bucket and then leaned over to spread the slippery liquid over his erect cock. 

"Just helping to make sure everything goes smoothly!"

Two lines had again formed, the dwarf women lined up towards Zalen and the men towards Umaru.

"The drums will lead the pace," the announcer bellowed, pointing towards the dwarves manning some drums on a stone platform. "The march drum sets the pace. After fifty you will the hear the mine drum and that's the signal for the next in line to step in. Let's see which contestant can last longer!"

The dwarf standing in front of the large vertical drum swung. THUuummmm. The sound could be felt as much as heard as it made the ground underneath them reverberate.

Zalen's focus was already on the first dwarf woman to step in front of of him. It was the same lady who would have been next in the first event. "Oo, that's a mighty warhammer! Maybe I was lucky after all!"

The younger dwarfette was still holding on to the base of his cock as the other woman whirled around, pointing her curvy butt towards Zalen. The younger dwarf angled his cock so it was right by the entrance to the other dwarf's cunt.

The smaller drums began their beat and the curvy dwarf began matching it, her sexy butt bobbing down on every stroke. The younger dwarf had released his cock as it had slipped in and was now just tapping along with the beat, watching the other lady ride his cock.

"Mountains' might, I haven't had one like this since I accidentally backed down on a statue!"

Well, it was certainly a new experience for Zalen. If a dwarven pussy had felt really warm around his hands, it definitely felt even more so when wrapped around his cock.

It was a first time he'd had a dwarf woman riding him and definitely the first time he'd had sex in front of a cheering audience!

But the curvy dwarven butt bouncing on his cock was certainly a nice sight!

The curvy dwarf kept riding him along the beat, mumbling something with every other beat. "Mmm... Yes... So... Big... Fuck... Yes..."

Suddenly her words were interrupted by another thuuummmm from the mine drum.

"Damn!"

Still, the dwarf lady stood up, walking aside as she gave Zalen one more rueful glance.

The younger dwarfette had again dipped her hands in the slippery liquid and slathered it on his cock before holding it up for the next lady.

The next dwarf looked quite a bit older than the previous participant. Her hair had quite a bit of gray in it but you wouldn't have guessed it just looking at her body which still looked damn hot! She was wearing a blue dress which she hiked up as she stepped in front of him.

"I've always wanted to try a human cock! Let's see if you can handle this old lady."

With the other drums picking up the beat again so did the older lady.

"Gold and gemstones! I really... should have... tried this... decades ago!"

Grey hair or not, she was still riding him with no less passion. She didn't feel us as warm around his cock as the previous lady had felt but she still felt just as great otherwise. 

"Go granny!"

Zalen turned to look at the younger dwarf who continued in Common.

"Yeah, she's my grandmother. My mom is also here," she explained, grinning at Zalen's surprised expression. "First year I'm old enough to take part too!"

"Aah... the better she learns to handle a cock... the easier she can pick a husband... Aah what a cock!"

Thuuummmmm!

"Damn!"

The gray-haired lady slid off his cock, giving him a wink over her shoulder. "Thanks for the ride!"

As her granddaughter again applied the lube on his erect pole another dwarf stepped up.

She looked middle-aged but was a lot shorter than the previous dwarves. She turned halfway around but stopped then with a frown.

"I can't reach you like this... Okay, lean back!"

As Zalen did just that the dwarf lady hopped on the wide seat, facing him and placing her feet on each side of Zalen. Then she squatted down, finding the correct spot just as the smaller drums resumed their beat.
