 Trapped No More

"There's some kind of a mage tower a little to the west here," Leilah reported the next afternoon as she returned from a scouting trip. "Or what's left of it. It looks like an explosion took out half of it and it doesn't look anyone or anything has been there for a long time."

Zalen scratched his chin.

"It might be worth checking it out. There might be a spellbook or something hidden in there."

"I'll come with you," Leilah replied.

"It might be better if you wait here. If a spell gone wrong took out the tower there might be flows of wild magic inside. I can sense them and avoid them but I can't necessarily protect you as well. But I'll call for help if I find something dangerous."

Leilah looked doubtful for a moment but then nodded. "We'll come look for you if you take too long."

Leilah's description turned out be very accurate. The building on top of the small hill did look like it had belonged to a mage. At least until an explosion of some kind had blown through the south wall. With the support gone the top had then collapsed. The bottom level was still partly intact though and Zalen could see a door on that side.

The inside looked barely better. Based on the scorch marks there had probably been some kind of a spell battle once but based on how overgrown everything was it had probably taken place five, maybe ten years ago.

Long ago enough that the tower had been looted afterwards, probably several times.

Zalen sat down on a corner of what had once been a wide bench. What could have caused this kind of destruction? An experiment gone wrong, unleashing some kind of a monster? An enemy warlock assaulting an inconvenient nemesis?

Well, even if the place looked looted, there might still be something magical hidden away somewhere. And if there was, the best way to start was a spell to detect magic.

Quite a bit later he had systematically gone through the whole place. And all he'd found was a huge load of nothing.

Even the well-hidden cellar had been emptied of anything useful. Except - why was the detection spell wavering near that wall?

Zalen cast a different detection spell that was better suited for natural magical phenomena.

And yes, there was some kind of a magical vortex there. And - some kind of sound?

He did an invocation to amplify all sounds nearby, then stopped to listen again. 

"Help!"

The voice had been faint but Zalen was definitely sure he had heard it.

"Where are you?"

"Trapped... here..."

Zalen walked closer to the spell vortex. The voice had come from that direction, that much he could tell. 

Staring at the whirling shape long enough with the help of the detection magic he could just about make out something - a humanoid figure? It was constantly fading in and out of existence so he could not really make out any details though.

"Umm, who are you?"

"I'm... a succubus."

"And how did you manage to get stuck in there?"

The disembodied demoness let out a long sigh.

"I was originally summoned on this plane... twelve years ago by a warlock to be his sex slave. Not that unusual... and I had fun.

But the warlock also had an apprentice who couldn't keep... her eyes away from me. I would never turn down sex and so... we soon ended up in bed. When the warlock finally found out..."

The voice let out another long sigh. "The master and student had a huge... spell battle. A few spells went out of control... and the result was two dead warlocks and me trapped... in this spell vortex. 

And here I've been ever since. Someone from this plane... could just walk away and a stronger demon... could just clear the vortex. Me... I can do neither."

Zalen scratched his beard.

"Well, a succubus or not, it wouldn't be right to leave you stuck like that. Let's see now..."

He hit the vortex trap with a strong dispel. The vortex began to wobble - and suddenly fell apart.

The succubus blinked fully into existence and fell flat on the ground. She had a dark red skin, a tail and two small horns mostly hidden by her hair. She was fully naked.

"Twelve years. It's a horribly long time to be trapped like that," Zalen noted.

"Yeah," the demoness replied in a weak voice. "And all because I love sex."

"At least you didn't have to wait hundreds of years to be freed like Vivariel did."

"Oh? Who is she?"

"The Veiled Rose. The Goddess of Sex I follow and who we managed to free from an ancient trap."

"A human goddess?"

"Well... I'm not sure you can call her that. She already has followers from at least three races. And she pretty much said that anyone who loves sex and loves giving pleasure is welcome, no matter the race."

The succubus stared at Zalen. "Even... one of us?"

"Well, yes. I've met her and she did say absolutely anyone."

The succubus shook her head and laughed. "Hard to believe there'd be such a goddess. I'm sick and tired of the Demon Lords but for some reason the divine beings are never very inclusive. The God of Partying, Revelries and Orgies? Sorry, just for Western Elves. The Goddess of Love and Pleasure? Oh, it's actually the Dwarven Goddess. Sex may be free but the worship apparently isn't. But you're saying Vivariel would welcome even me?"

Zalen nodded.

"If you truly care about also giving pleasure, then yes."

The succubus propped herself up on a sitting position, still leaning on her hands. She raised one hand on her chest.

"I hereby pledge my black heart to Vivariel, the Veiled Rose. For the pleasures of sex and by my true name, Dimianne."

A shimmering apparition of Vivariel suddenly appeared in mid-air. The apparition leaned over to kiss the succubus' forehead. "You're welcome," the soft voice whispered before the apparition vanished.

"Well, I'll be," the demoness mumbled. "This is the first time I've felt accepted. Lusted after, sure. Tolerated? Just barely. Accepted? Never."

Dimianne's head suddenly drooped.

"Aahh... after twelve years my strength is almost gone anyway. I would have just faded away within a few months."

The demoness turned to look at Zalen with pleading eyes. "I'm too weak to even walk now. You already saved my life but could you... fuck me? I swear by Vivariel's name I won't drain any more life force from you except that which you willingly spurt inside me!"

The succubus leaned sideways, spreading her thighs in an attempt to look seductive. Her wobbling arms somewhat spoiled the effect though.

Zalen kneeled down in front of her. "Well, since you pledged your heart to Vivariel you also joined her Veils. And the tradition is that anyone joining is allowed the Kiss of the Rose - to choose one of us to spend a night with. So it's both my duty and pleasure to help you."

"Thank you," the demoness gasped, letting her upper body fall. "Just... have your way with me. My body is yours."

Zalen shook his head. "Dimianne. I want this to pleasurable for both of us and it won't truly be so if you're this weak. So please, kiss me and drain what you need. I will have sex with you afterwards but it's so much better if you feel more like yourself."

Dimianne's eyes went wide. "Are you... sure?"

Zalen nodded. "I feel like I can trust you now."

He leaned down and their lips met.

Dimianne's arms suddenly wrapped around him and the kiss turned fierce. Her lips suddenly felt like on fire, like they were drawing the warmth out of Zalen's body. Her mouth was devouring his with increased fervor. He suddenly felt woozy and had to lean on his left hand for support. He was starting to feel cold. And tired.

Dimianne suddenly broke off the kiss and looked at Zalen with a frightened expression. "I'm sorry! I took too much, didn't I? It's just that it's been twelve years and I... I won't take any more!"

"I'm ok," Zalen replied, pushing himself up again and shaking his head to clear it a little. "Was that enough?"

Dimianne burst into a radiant smile. "Oh, it was! More than enough! Now I could run across the land and still feel fine! Or... " she leaned closer, lowering her voice into a husky whisper, "...or fuck you from now till dawn. Do you want me now or do you need to gather your strength first?"

Zalen blew out a breath. "I... I think it might be better if I ate something first. Do you want to travel with us? We can enjoy each other properly once we stop for the night."

Dimianne blinked a few times. "You want me as your travel companion?"

"Well, yes. If you want to, that is."

"You truly aren't like most men. I've had men enslave me and order me around more times than I can count but this is the first time someone has asked me if I want to do something."

"Was that a yes then?"

Dimianne smiled. "Well, I guess it was. Sure, I'll join you. And I swear I won't harm or drain anyone without permission."

"We may need to find you some clothes first though," Zalen replied, his eyes on her naked body.

The demoness chuckled. "Oh, that won't be a problem."

She snapped her fingers. She was suddenly wearing a short, black skirt and a bright red, very skin tight top. Her tail and horns were gone and her skin was a normal color.

"Let's go. And as soon as you feel like having sex, just push me against a tree, lift my skirt and fuck my sweet, horny pussy!"

Zalen chuckled. "Oh, I think you and Sumi are going to get along just fine!"

His return caused more than a few raised eyebrows though. In addition to the previous changes Dimianne had changed her clothes once more into something more plain and had also slightly adjusted her face in order to pass off as a local. 

"So the tower wasn't abandoned after all?"

Zalen paused for a moment before answering Kity.

"Well, it was. Di here had sneaked in to look for anything valuable and had managed to get her foot trapped underneath some rubble. I promised to escort her to the next town after helping her free."

"Playing the explorer, eh?" one of the guards chuckled, "Good thing he found you before you starved to death!"

"Yes, I was truly lucky there," Dimianne replied, acting suitably humble.

The caravan guards seemed to accept his explanation but Zalen noticed Leilah and Kity give each other a meaningful look. Mirada was also frowning as she looked at the newcomer.

"Hey Leilah, can you come and have a look at this?"

Zalen dug out the map as he waited for the former adventurer to come to him.

"Yes, my husband?"

Zalen lowered his voice so the others would not overhear. "Di is actually a succubus who I saved from a spell trap. She will travel with us but she swore not to harm anyone."

"You believe her?"

"She pledged her heart to Vivariel and Vivariel appeared to accept her so yes, I believe her. But I'm not sure it's a good idea to let the guards know."

"Ah. I agree. I'll tell the other wives."

Leilah raised her voice a little. "Yeah, we should get there within a week at this speed."

Then she stood up and returned over to Kity to spread the information.