 Moonlight Fun

As the group moved on it became apparent that Zalen's hunch had been right. Sumi and Dimianne were getting along perfectly.

As far as Zalen could tell the conversation had been originally about food but somehow it had turned into making up as many double entendres about weapons as they could come up with. Even the guards had had to admit defeat to the duo.

A little later Sumi steered her horse next to Zalen.

"My love," she began in a low voice. "One of the guards has been admiring my legs for some time now. Mind if I..."

"Have fun," Zalen replied, giving her a wink.

"Great! I think I'll wait until it's night and his turn to sit at guard... I don't want him to get in trouble."

"Good plan."

"Mmmh..."

Zalen opened his eyes, the sound having pulled him awake. He blinked a few times, looking around.

Ah. His eyes picked out a familiar shape on the other side of the clearing. Sumi had indeed followed her plan and she was now getting fucked from behind by the guard. Just Ben, if he was correct.

"Oo, you're awake," came a soft whisper from his side. Turning his head he found himself staring at Dimianne's eyes.

"Did they wake you up too?"

"You know who I am. I don't sleep, I just pretend to so the guards wouldn't find out."

"Ah, of course."

"I was just planning to come wake you up though."

"Oh? Why?"

"After watching them? Here's why!"

The next thing he knew his face was full of the succubus' crotch. He wasted no time going down on her - or up in this case.

"Oohhh... finally..." she breathed, her thighs lightly squeezing his cheeks.

Even though this wasn't her real form, he certainly wouldn't have been able to tell like this. She felt and tasted just like a human woman - damn good. There was something slightly unusual about her silent moans though that he couldn't quite put his finger on, but even that could be chalked up as a personal difference. Would she have tasted different in her original form?

After a long bout of pleasurable licking Dimianne had moved back and was now groping his erect cock. She turned to look at Sumi and Just Ben still having sex by the fire.

"Should we join them or sneak further away?"

"We'd end up waking everyone if we turned this into a foursome," Zalen thought out loud.

Dimianne smiled.

"Oh I have a perfect spell for that!"

The air around the campfire seemed to fizz for a second. Even though the guard had been busy fucking Sumi who had covered her mouth with a cloth, he did notice the change and pulled out of her, looking around frightened.

He was even more shocked when Zalen and Dimianne walked towards them.

"It's ok," Zalen said with a calming gesture. "We just wanted to join in on the fun and the spell will make sure we won't wake the others."

Just Ben looked at him, glancing quickly at Sumi.

"So you really don't mind that we..."

"She told you the truth. I'll be busy with Di here anyway."

"But -"

Any further words he might have had were swallowed by Sumi's lips as she had turned to kiss the young guard.

"No buts, just fuck me again!"

The young man couldn't really resist that and moment later he was again inside her, their fuck resuming where it had left off.

Dimianne had thrown another blanket near Sumi and took a similar position as her. She turned to look over her shoulder at Zalen, her eyes full of pent up lust.

He moved up behind her, more than eager to satisfy her unspoken request.

There were few things that felt as good as the first moment when you push inside a woman and her pussy opens up to accept your cock. Especially when it's clear she really wants it. And after the involuntary twelve year dry spell it was obvious that Dimianne did.

But she also seemed to be holding back a little, if only to look more like normal woman caught up in the moment instead of a sex-crazed fiend. Which she actually was.

Still, she was soon thrusting against Zalen's moves with a lusty fervor, her cunt practically devouring his thrusting cock with each stroke.

With the spell having removed their need to stifle their sounds, both Sumi and Dimianne were now moaning out loud and almost completely in sync with each other.

The two of them suddenly turned to look at each other. Dimianne tilted her head slightly, raising an eyebrow and Sumi responded with a slight nod.

Then almost at once both women stood up, grabbing Zalen and Just Ben by hand and guiding them to sit on the nearby log the guard had used as his seat.

Then the two women switched places, Dimianne stepping in front of the surprised caravan guard, Sumi moving in front of Zalen. Both twirled around, then sat down on the hard cocks awaiting them.

The young guard clearly hadn't expected getting to have sex with another woman tonight but he certainly didn't look disappointed. Neither did Sumi who looked like a cat having found a bowl of cream as her butt danced on Zalen's lap.

The two cuties were no longer trying to match each other's movements as by Dimianne was now riding the guard with long movements and if his groans were any indication she was using her internal muscles to squeeze his cock while doing that.

Sumi on the other hand was continuously rotating her hips, using the movements to massage his cock from all sides.

As the two women once again looked at each other they both slowed down.

Dimianne tapped the wide log between them.

"Come here," she murmured.

Sumi smiled, hopping off the Zalen's cock and then laying on her back on the log, her face on Zalen's side.

Dimianne had stopped as well, moving on top of Sumi, her butt now towards Zalen.

Just Ben turned towards the two women just as Zalen did the same.

Sumi quickly grabbed his cock, giving it a few long sucks before pointing it towards Dimianne's cunt.

"I want to watch you fuck her," she whispered and then moaned, apparently getting the same treatment from Just Ben.

With Dimianne's wiggling butt just in front of him Zalen would have done that anyway.

Once again he plunged deep inside the human shaped succubus. And as erotic as their switches had been, this time he was going to fuck her all the way to the peak.

A moment later their little spell bubble was filled with sounds of sex as both men were screwing their current partners with an equal fervor.

Just Ben was looking like he'd blow at any moment and given just how amazing Dimianne's cunt felt around him, he probably wouldn't last much longer.

With a groan the young guard pulled out of Sumi. Dimianne quickly captured his cock in her mouth just as he started to erupt, eagerly gulping down his juices and the energies within.

Meanwhile Sumi had taken advantage of her position and had attacked Dimianne's exposed nub from below, turning the situation into a race over who was going to cum next, Zalen or Dimianne.

The succubus won, probably thanks to her long dry spell. As the orgasm hit her hard it also drove Zalen over the peak and he began fountaining inside her, feeding his juices inside her hungry cunt. Possibly literally, given who she was.

With the passionate events by the campfire now over, Sumi climbed up to give the young guard a quick kiss.

"Thank you for that! You'll certainly make some woman really happy one day!"

And as she walked past Zalen she murmured:

"Just like you've made me, my husband!"

Zalen blew out a breath.

"We'd better get back to sleep now. The silence spell will end soon and there should be less questions if no-one else is up when he has to wake the next guard."

Just Ben nodded, looking like he was having a hard time believing everything that had just happened.

"Good night," Dimianne added, giving the guard a quick kiss as well before returning to her spot.

*

"Looks like it's time to say bye," the trader named Goran said.

They had arrived at a crossroads and the traders were continuing southeast while Zalen's target was to the south.

"We'll share a drink the next time you come to En'fal'ellian," Della replied. "I'll bring my elven husband and you can drink him under the table!"

While the traders bantered with Della the demigiantess had walked over to Zalen.

"Umm. I have to stay with them until the traders return back north but I'd really like to meet you again after that. Can I come look for you then?"

"Of course. Actually..."

Zalen dug out two strange crystals from his pack and handed one to Nelly.

"These two are linked. If you look through yours it will glow blue if you are looking in the direction mine is in. I will keep this one so you can always find me."

Nelly smiled. "Thank you. And have fun with the elves!"

"I will. Take care of yourself!"

As they approached the next town Dimianne suddenly rode next to Zalen.

"Umm, dear Sir!"

Zalen looked at her confused.

"What is it, Di?"

"Would it be at all possible to travel further with you? There isn't really anything for me at home and I really want to see the world a little more before settling down!"

Zalen looked at her quizzically.

"What are you -" Zalen stopped mid sentence as he finally remembered that there was still one with them they hadn't revealed her true identity to - Della. And with the excuse he had told earlier she wasn't supposed to travel with them until the next town. 

"Oh, who am I to say no. Just go let your parents know you're safe and meet us outside the village!"

Di smiled, then veered off.

And a little while later re-joined the group again, ready for her great adventure.