 The Eyes in the Forest

It was strange how quickly you got used to things. Zalen hadn't really been spending that much time on this continent but he'd still gotten so used to the local baths that going for a dip in an actual forest pond felt - well, almost exotic.

Still the pond did have its own upsides, most of them due to the surrounding forest. The flowers, the birds, the eyes, the hanging vines, the clouds above...

Wait, what? Where had he seen eyes?

Looking around there was nothing unusual in sight. Had he just imagined it?

He forced himself to appear relaxed again but slowly moved closer to the shore and his clothes. If there was somebody there he wasn't about to let the unseen person steal his - breasts?

Right behind that tree there was definitely a pair of breasts!

A moment later the person was gone again but it was enough to make him relax again.

Whoever it was, she clearly wasn't out to kill him. No assassin would do something like that.

"Beautiful breasts," Zalen said out loud.

There was no answer.

Zalen shrugged, wading towards his clothes.Time to get dressed in any case.

Again a rustle made him turn. There, between a bush and a fallen tree was someone.

She was leaning against the tree, her butt towards him, her tail lazily swishing around as she stared towards Zalen.

Ah. One of the foxkin.

Just like in the descriptions Zalen had read, she looked like a mix of a woman and a fox. Her face had clear vulpine features, ears and all, she had a reddish-brown tail and she was clearly a lot more hairy than any human would be, but she moved on two legs and her curves definitely resembled more a human woman than an animal.

And there was a clear sensation of sexual lust, thanks to Vivariel's gift.

Hmm, in that case...

Zalen kept his eyes on the vulpine creature and slowly moved his hand on his cock, pointedly giving the half erect member a few tugs.

The foxkin licked her lips, raising her butt higher. Then she suddenly dashed out of sight.

Zalen shrugged and returned his attention on getting dressed.

As he was heading back towards the camp he heard something again. Heading quietly in that direction he peered behind a boulder - and there was the foxkin again. This time she was sitting on top of a fallen tree, rubbing her crotch on one of its smooth limbs. A moment later a short moan escaped her lips.

Her eyes met Zalen's and a heartbeat later she had slipped down and vanished behind the bushes to the east.

Well, he wasn't that much in a hurry, was he?

The foxkin certainly seemed to treat this as a game of some sort. Multiple times she appeared, every time in some kind of a sexual pose and every time she darted away before he could get closer. And even if he just stopped to watch.

After she had once again vanished he cast two spells. One to silence his steps and another for invisibility. Normally he might have also needed a stronger spell to hide his scent but this time the wind direction seemed to be favorable. He broke into a jog.

Even though the spell did block the direct sounds from his movement he still had to make sure not to hit anything. Kicking a small rock would still create a sound once it landed and running into branch would still bend it visibly and the foxkin usually had finely trained senses. Still, this was far from the first time he'd done this.

Now, where had his elusive prey gone?

Ah, there...

The vulpine vixen was now leaning on a boulder, her breasts on top of it as she laid in wait. She was clearly expecting him to arrive from that direction then, intending to show off those cute little boobs before slipping away again.

Quietly, just to be extra sure, he sneaked closer, casting a new spell as he went.

Just as he was within touching distance he released his spell.

Three glowing arcs of light hit the foxkin, anchoring her knees and her waist against the stone. She squeaked, attempting to flee but the spell kept her there.

It also left her thighs spread.

The foxkin turned to look around, her eyes wide. She calmed down a little as Zalen dropped the invisibility spell and re-appeared.

He kneeled down behind her, laying his palms on her butt, then sliding them along her thighs.

"Caught you," he voiced, looking at her crotch. "You look... delicious."

He was highly tempted to just dive between her thighs, especially as he could sense her lust, but still...

The glowing arcs vanished as Zalen let the spell drop. The foxkin however just stayed there, staring at him. When neither moved she finally broke the lull by wiggling her butt at him.

That was enough of a sign for him and he moved in with his eager mouth. She was definitely rather hairy down there as well, but her fur was soft and silky and didn't really seem to get in the way that much.

Beginning with a light touch he began eating her out.

With Zalen's tongue exploring her sensitive parts the foxkin was no longer in any kind of a hurry to leave.

He had also brought two fingers there, placing one on each side of her little nub. He was using them to slowly rub her in small circles.

She had wrapped her tail around his shoulders and was making tiny sounds that sounded like little squeals. There was no doubt they were from pleasure though, given the way her tail was pulling him closer.

The more he licked, sucked and nibbled at her, the more her thighs were beginning to shake and the louder and more erotic her squeals were becoming.

The suddenness of her orgasm took Zalen by surprise and the force of it seemed to do the same for her. She fell sideways from the boulder, still shaking on the ground.

Luckily she didn't look hurt.

As the foxkin's orgasm finally subsided she turned her head to look at Zalen. She briefly glimpsed at his bulging crotch - and then fled, leaving Zalen staring after her.

Oh well, he'd had enough of this chase for the day so after he was convinced the vulpine beauty wasn't returning he left to return to the others.

After his return the group had again resumed their travel.

For the next few days there was now a new little distraction in the forest. The foxkin had returned.

It felt like every time Zalen looked somewhere and no-one else was close enough to see, the foxkin was there, pleasuring herself again.

And he was fairly sure she wasn't alone this time. If his eyes didn't deceive him he'd seen at least three different foxkin, maybe even more.

His entourage had quite varied reactions when he told them about this and explained what had happened earlier.

"Oh, go on already," Sumi huffed, rolling her eyes. "They're not going to leave you alone until you catch and fuck one of them."

Jazmyn and Dinah were nodding along.

Meanwhile Mirada had sidled closer, grabbing Zalen's arm.

"If you go, can I come with you? I really want to see them!"

"Me too," Leilah mumbled.

Kity however looked a lot more doubtful. "I'm not sure if it's a good idea. I've heard too many stories of them where their hapless foe chases after them and ends up lost or dead."

Sindara and Della were both agreeing with her, suggesting he should stay.

As D'Sheyn didn't seem to have made up her mind on the issue Zalen turned to Dimianne. "What do you think?"

The succubus tapped her lips.

"Well, since you already proved your skills by catching one of them and proved your intent by just giving her pleasure I'm sure they would not harm you if you chased them."

"And if I stayed?"

Dimianne opened her mouth to reply, then paused. "Hmm... If you ignored them now... Ooh. Yes. Yes, you should definitely stay! Just ignore them and wait!"

The demoness' sultry smile was enough to convince him, even if would have preferred an actual explanation.

The little foxkin show kept up for a while longer but then suddenly stopped. There was again no sign of the furry folk leaving Mirada disappointed.

Had they truly gone? Or were they planning something else now?

Right after sunset the group finally reached a suitable clearing. The sky was clear so there wouldn't probably be any rain and the full moon gave enough light that Zalen didn't even miss not having a real bed to sleep in.

He set up a ward spell to wake him up if something approached their camp and then dozed off.

He suddenly woke up to something brushing off against his face. A tail?

He just had time to see a foxkin dash away carrying something.

Why hadn't his spell alerted him? Had she come underground or something?

Zalen cursed as she realized just what the foxkin had stolen. His staff. Had they been taking lessons from Coryel?

He quickly hopped in his boots and ran after the thief. There was no time to get properly dressed but he wasn't about to run in a dark forest barefoot, that was certain.

As he ran out of the clearing he saw Leilah putting on her clothes. Ok, she'd probably follow him soon but that wouldn't really change the plan. Although the 'plan' wasn't really anything beyond catching the foxkin.

On through the moonlit forest he ran, his naked bits flopping against his thighs.

The foxkin was still far ahead of him but stayed close enough for Zalen to follow.

He was fairly sure the foxkin could easily leave him behind if she wanted to so there was probably a reason why she was leading him this way. And right now he definitely wanted to find out.

Finally he broke through into a strange clearing. It was like a huge, shallow bowl, with the bottom covered in soft moss. Near the edges laid a dozen foxkin, their eyes now watching him.

In the center of the bowl there was a slight rise and on top of it waited another foxkin. Except this one had shimmering, snow white fur, apart from its tail that was night black. No, it actually had two tails instead of one.

The foxkin that Zalen had been pursuing had ran to the bottom and dropped the staff right next to the strange foxkin. Then she moved to a vacant spot in the circle around the clearing.

Zalen had slowed to a walk and calmly made his way towards his staff. 

The snow white foxkin rose to a seated position as he approached.

Based on the strange glimmer of its fur it was clear that the creature in front of him was at least partly magical. Or maybe divine. But definitely very attractive with eyes that were almost hypnotic and with curves that would soon add another hard staff to the scene in addition to the one laying in on the ground.

"Welcome, Zalen." the foxkin greeted him. Zalen wasn't sure whether she had actually said it out loud or whether the voice was just there in his head though. "I am Adara Twintail. My daughters have led you here upon my request. Now - will you mate with me?"

Her question was accompanied by her turning around and presenting her highly attractive behind towards him.

"Gladly," Zalen replied, walking closer. Although the sight had definitely made him hard already he instead laid down, pushing his lips against Adara's crotch.

"Mmm... Very pleasurable..."

As he settled down, beginning to caress her sensitive parts he took a quick peek around him. The circle of foxkin was still there except they had began caressing themselves as they watched the events taking place in the middle.

There was something very intoxicating in Adara's odor. It was whispering to some primitive part in him, calling him to take the curvy female, to fill her now. Still, he resisted the call as he wanted to lick her to the peak first.

As his tongue kept dancing against her, she had begun purring and every now and then she bumped her crotch against him, as if asking for more.

There was suddenly a commotion around them. Switching to his fingers for a while he looked around.

Ah. Looks like Mirada and Leilah had caught up to him and tried to sneak to the clearing to watch. What had ended up happening was apparently that the foxkin had surprised them and now each of his wives was getting piled on by half a dozen foxkin each. They'd already pulled off his wives' clothes and were now running their lips and hands on both bodies.

Zalen dove back in with his tongue, enjoying the taste of the vulpine beauty, enjoying the little sounds she was making as his tongue danced against her sensitive parts. And the more she squirmed against him, the more eagerly he licked her.

Adara suddenly unleashed a sound that was half moan, half howl. With the orgasm shaking her body, her cunt suddenly released a flood of the same intoxicating odor. And this time he could no longer resist its call.

He howled himself, practically shoving his cock inside her still pulsating tunnel. And began pumping her in a horny frenzy, their bodies now joined in the primitive act.

Hard and fast he rammed his rod inside her, her hips meeting his every move, her hungry cunt devouring him again and again.

They were both gasping for breath, the wild frenzy demanding more, more, more.

He had lost all sense of time, as if there was nothing else except the wild desire. 

Finally the pleasure became unbearable. His fingers squeezed at Adara's fur and he groaned out loud, his cock now fountaining inside the foxkin's drenched cavern.

Neither could she take any more.

The divine creature let out a howl that resonated deep inside Zalen, as if transmitting some of the bliss Adara was feeling.

For a long while they just stayed there, gasping for breath.

Finally she leaned back, slipping her tails behind Zalen's neck and pulling him forward to a kiss.

As the kiss ended Zalen slowly opened his eyes. Adara was gone. Just like the rest of the foxkin.

Turning around he noticed Mirada and Leilah approaching him, both looking a little out of breath.

"Was she... their goddess?"

Zalen answered Mirada's question with a shrug.

"I'm not sure. I think she might be more of a demigoddess. Or a nature spirit of some kind."

Leilah bumped Mirada with her elbow.

"Should we test?"

Mirada smiled. "We pretty much have to, right?"

The women smiled almost identical smiles as they sat in front of Zalen.

"Let's see if we can get him hard again first..." Leilah murmured as she leaned down to grab Zalen's wilting cock.

With two sets of eyes looking at him seductively and two tongues playing simultaneously with his cock it didn't take them long to succeed.

Mirada pulled away from his now rock hard cock, smiling at the other woman.

"You try it, I want to see what happens!"

Leilah nodded, releasing his thick rod and turning around. Getting down on all fours she guided the imposing member to the correct spot - and slammed her hips back.

"OHHMYGOD..." she moaned and promptly fell forward again, her body now shaking from the sudden orgasm.

"Wow," Mirada muttered, staring at Leilah.

Zalen looked at Mirada. "Would you like to be under or on top?"

The tall Veil smiled. "Whoever wins!"

She suddenly jumped at Zalen, trying to wrestle him down, giggling slightly while doing so. Despite the surprise giving her an initial advantage he managed to twist her against the soft ground and slip inside her.

"OOOhhhh... You still feel too damn good!"

She wasn't about to give up though and soon he had to spend as much energy pinning her down as fucking her.

"Mmh... Aah... Hard to wrestle when you feel so amazing..."

"So do you," Zalen replied, beginning to pound his wife in earnest.

She finally stopped struggling, instead now just staring at Zalen with her eyes wide and her long legs spread as wide as she could.

Harder and harder he pounded her. She came, her body beginning to shake underneath him. He didn't even slow down, pounding at her with the same horny pace.

Finally he could last no longer either and he plunged down one last time, blowing his load deep inside her.

For a long moment the only sounds on the clearing were from the trio now trying to regain their breath.

"You should really train a little with Kity," Leilah finally broke the silence, addressing Mirada. "With a little practice you'll have him pinned him down in no time."

The taller woman grinned. "Maybe I will! But I have to admit, this is one of the few games where losing is just as fun as winning!"