 The Festival at Night

As the winners of the straw game had turned out to be Dinah and Kity they weren't exactly the type to wait quietly for the evening. Which somehow led to them teasing Zalen by spending their time nearby and randomly suggesting places and positions while he was busy making travel plans with Leilah.

"So we will be travelling through the Red Forest?" 

"From behind in the alley?"

"Yeah, it's the shortest way to the Elven lands."

"Reverse ride on a tree stump?"

"But aren't there foxkin living in the forest?"

"Yes. But they usually only steal things, rarely do anything worse."

"Us getting wild in a forest pool with him watching?"

Needless to say, it was getting seriously distracting.

Finally Zalen had had enough.

"Ok you two. I've decided. Right after sunset us three are going for a little walk. The rest you will find out then."

The duo looked at each other and grinned.

"Oo, I like this plan already!"

Once the sun had gone down Zalen left his room and found both women already waiting by their room. They were wearing dwarf style leather mini skirts which did cover the essentials but pretty much nothing else.

Dinah saw Zalen's gaze lingering on the outfits and she did a little twirl.

"Like them?"

"Oh, I sure do! When did you buy those?"

"We slipped outside just after you told us your little plan," Kity replied. "A girl needs to have something to wear for a date, you know."

"Especially on a night like this," Dinah added, the two women each grabbing one of Zalen's arms. "Shall we?"

Even though he had heard stories about the festival nights in Um-Barrad and had seen the sexy outfits the festival goers were wearing during the day it was still quite the experience to walk through the city.

There were dwarves walking around topless, dwarves dancing and grinding against each other. The trio constantly walked past some alley or a small park just to see dwarves engaging in foreplay, in twos or threes. And based on the moans there was plenty of wild sex going on as well, mostly a little out of sight though. In addition to the dwarves they also saw a few human silhouettes here and there, enjoying the sexual escapades as well.

There were also guards walking around, probably there just to make sure nobody would get hurt.

"So where are you taking us," Dinah asked, her eyes following the events taking place on a nearby park bench. In the low light it was hard to say for sure but it looked like there were two lady dwarves getting hot and heavy with each other.

"Oh, you'll see," Zalen replied with a smile.

"It had better be soon though," Kity added," as all these moans are making me really wild! So if it takes too long to get there I might just drag you to the nearest alley and mount you there!"

"We're almost there, don't worry."

A moment later Zalen stopped, then pointed towards a flight of stairs on their right.

"Now up there!"

The trio walked up, Zalen using the opportunity to fondle the sexy butts on each side as they climbed the stairs.

The stairs had led them to a long but sturdy bridge, crossing the small river running through the middle of the city and quite a bit of the actual city as well.

"Oo, I love this view," Dinah exclaimed as she stopped to look over the sturdy railing. 

Kity walked next to her.

"Ooo. Even though we aren't that high we can still see most of the southern part of the city!"

"And that's not all," Zalen added, nodding towards the middle of the bridge just as a moan came from that direction.

There was a dwarf couple there, clearly enjoying more than just the view. As the moon appeared from behind the clouds, it revealed the younger dwarf guy getting blowed by the lady dwarf.

Zalen placed one hand on each of the butts in front of him, giving them a firm grope.

"On the bridge overlooking the city, at night."

The two women turned to look at each other, then leaned against the railing, each woman hiking their tight skirts a little higher.

"Your idea wins!"

Kity turned her head to give Zalen a steamy look. "After all we saw during the walk here I know you're already as hard as we are wet. Just take us already..."

Zalen stepped behind her, pushing the bump in his pants against her. 

"Well, you weren't wrong..."

The curvaceous fighter moaned and did so again as he pulled down the waistband of his britches and his hard cock bounced free and hit her sensitive area.

"Oo, fill that dark cunt," Dinah mumbled, staring unabashedly at the sight taking place beside her.

He grabbed his erect rod to align it better - and suddenly she threw her hips back, slamming his cock all the way in.

"UmmaAAAHHH!"

Her thrust turned into a whole body spasm, her legs suddenly nearly giving out. Had she not been leaning against the railing, she would have fallen. Now, she just slipped back off his cock, leaving it again free and upright.

"Hehee, the divine charge was too much for her," Dinah giggled, then began wiggling her butt. "Can I get my share now?"

Zalen stepped behind her, then on a whim grabbed her left thigh, lifting her knee up and turning her sideways in front of him.

The cute redhead moaned as he slid inside her, slowly filling her with his cock.

"Ooohhh... Yessss..."

"Oh, it was you!"

Turning his head he noticed the dwarf woman they'd seen on her knees now standing beside them. And she looked familiar.

"Ah, you were also in the contest, right?"

The darker-skinned dwarf smiled at Zalen's words.

"I sure was! My partner came and left for a beer and my little pleasure mine is still way too hot to leave. Mind if I join you?"

Dinah answered her by tapping the railing next to her as she slowly circled her hips against his cock. "Here... ohhhhh... our husband will... aah... make sure to... fully... satisfy you too!"

The dwarf smiled and walked over to the indicated spot, leaning back against the railing.

"I'm Della," she added. "Della Silverthigh." She ran her fingers on Zalen's stomach. "And really happy to meet you."

"Aaah... I'm Dinah... Mmmmhh... she's Kity."

"We're two of his wives," Kity added, still leaning against the railing.

"Two? Just how many do you have then?"

"Seven. And one girlfriend," Kity replied.

Della raised an eyebrow. "Who are you? A Sheikh or something?"

"No, but I inherited a harem from one," Zalen replied truthfully, as he plowed his cock in and out of the moaning redhead. "And I'm the head priest of Vivariel, the Goddess of Desire."

"Yeah, that part I knew. So what do I do if I want to convert?"

"Have wild sex with him," Kity chuckled.

Zalen opened his mouth to correct her but then closed it again. She was technically right after all. 

"Great! I was planning to do that anyway," Della replied.

Meanwhile Dinah had brought her head next to Zalen's ear. "Aah.. I want to see you fuck her now... I want to hear her moan..." she whispered.

Zalen nodded, releasing Dinah's thigh and backing away from her drenched pussy.

Della's eyes were glued on his cock. "That's one gorgeous tool," she mumbled. "Which way do you want me?"

He grabbed her waist, stepping in front of her. "Like this," he whispered, lowering his own hips a little as he guided the tip of his cock at her entrance.

"Oo, sounds good," she purred. "OOoohh... and feels even better," she added as he began pushing inside her very hot tunnel. 

Dinah was now standing right next to them, her hands busy fondling the dark-skinned dwarf, her kisses alternating between Della and Zalen.

"Oh... Gold and coal, I thought your tongue felt great. But thisss..."

With Kity as their well satisfied audience the three of them were going at it hot and heavy. He kept switching between the two beauties, from Della's nearly steaming pussy to Dinah's super wet one, with each switch drawing an extra reaction from them thanks to the temperature difference of his cock. Both women were also just as busy fondling each other. 

"Can I..." Dellah finally said as he was once again fucking the redhead, "Can I have his liquid of life?"

"Ooh..." Dinah moaned, then nodded. "Yes, sure..."

The darker skinned dwarf turned around, pushing out her butt a little as she leaned against the railing, her eyes meeting Zalen's.

He pulled out of Dinah, giving her one more long kiss, then stepped behind the waiting dwarfette.

"You want to feel me blow inside you?"

Della guided his thick cock inside her, beginning to move her hips against him. "By the mountains, yes! Just go wild, I want everyone to hear us!"

He definitely didn't need more convincing than that. Grabbing her wide, damn sexy hips, he began fucking the horny dwarf lady hard.

With the city below them every moan was spreading into the city and Zalen thought he could even hear a few cheers from somewhere below.

Della was meeting his every thrust with perfect pace, her super hot cunt accepting his thick cock time and time again.

"Fill me! Fill me hard!"

Kity had meanwhile walked on Zalen's other side, now whispering in his ear.

"You look so hot fucking her... Cum for us... Fill that dark, dwarven cunt with your seed!"

On the other side Dinah had also joined in the choir. "Oo, she's getting so close! Fill her!"

And given the situation there was really no way not to do so. With a loud groan he rammed his hard cock inside her one last time as his rod began spurting its load within her.

"OOHH I'M - AAHHHhhhhh..."

This time there definitely were cheers from below. He vaguely wondered if he should bow to the unseen audience but right now even staying up required concentration.

Finally he pulled out, plopping down on the bridge floor, exhausted.

With everyone now feeling happy and exhausted they were soon sitting down and leaning against the railing.

"So are you staying how long in Um-Barrad?"

"Actually we will be leaving in the morning," Zalen answered Della.

"Oh? Where to?"

"To the elven lands."

"Really?"

Della was silent for a while. "Can I come with you?"

Zalen blinked at her question. "Umm, I guess so. Do you have a reason to go there?"

"You," Della replied, giving Zalen a sultry look. "And well, I've been meaning to go someplace new. I'm a locksmith by trade but there's way too many of us in this city. Maybe I could try one of the elven cities for a change."

Zalen turned to look questioningly at Kity and Dinah and got a smile and a nod from both.

"Well, I guess we'll be travelling together then. Meet us in the morning by the Laughing Pony, we'll head out from there."

Della grinned, gave Zalen a quick smooch and then hopped on her feet.

"I'd better go get packing then! See you in the morning!"