 Afterglow

"Didn't get much sleep last night, did you? Priestly duties?"

Zalen opened his mouth to answer Leilah but a yawn cut off a part of his reply. "...Fifteen."

"Huh?"

"I mean yeah. They were a bit... inexhaustible."

"Oh? I thought it was just Amaryan with you?"

"Well... Vivariel wanted to join in. So it was both of them in Amaryan's body."

Sudden whispering drew Zalen's attention. Jazmyn and Sumi were leaning towards each other, discussing something. As they saw Zalen's gaze they quickly leaned back again. Hmm, what had that been about? Oh well, he'd probably find out eventually.

"So why are we travelling to the dwarven city? Did she already tell you that?"

Zalen nodded. "She did. By the time we get there it will be time for the Festival of Pleasure - an annual event for the dwarven goddess Dumanna. Vivariel intends to gather followers from the other races as well and showing off a little at the festival should be a good place to start."

"I've heard it's also a beautiful city. One of the few dwarven cities built completely above ground. I've never been there before though."

"It should be quite an experience from what I've heard."

The group traveled on. The hidden whispered conversations didn't end however. As the day went on, he'd catch his wives in various groups whispering animatedly about something. Or perhaps they were arguing. Nevertheless whenever he asked what they were talking about the answer was always 'Nothing!'

Much later they had again stopped at a tavern for the night. As Zalen was about to enter his room he heard a giggle from behind him. Jazmyn and Sindara.

"Do you mind if we share your bed tonight?"

"Umm. You're more than welcome," Zalen answered Sindara's question with a smile, opening the door for the two women.

"And lucky," Jazmyn replied, earning a sharp look from the older woman.

"We drew straws," Sindara explained after noticing Zalen's quizzical look.

"Do you always do that?"

"Well no. But tonight's special. We all wanted to... test something."

The two women had already undressed and climbed on the bed, one on each side. Sindara tapped the space between them. "Come here so we can both give you pleasure."

Well, Zalen wasn't about to argue with that. Removing his own clothes he climbed between the duo and wrapped his arms around them as they nuzzled against him.

With his lips busy kissing each one in turn he felt their hands travel down to caress his thick member.

As he again turned his head to kiss Sindara his lips instead met a soft breast.

"They wanted to feel your lips too," she murmured.

Zalen smiled and began kissing and licking her areolas.

With his focus on the sizable mammaries in front if his face he couldn't make out what Jazmyn said next. What he definitely did notice was the feeling of Jazmyn's wonderful cunt engulfing his cock. And the feeling when she immediately hit her peak, orgasming with full force around him.

Sindara pulled back, turning to stare at the redhead who had fallen off him and was still shaking from the orgasmic aftershocks.

"So she was right!"

"Huh?"

"I'll explain. But only after you're inside me!"

She laid down on her back, spreading her thighs wide. Her eyes were locked on his cock as he climbed on top of her, plunging deep inside her. Her eyes went wide.

"Ohh... YES...It really is..."

Zalen frowned, halting his movement.

"I'm not moving unless you explain what this is about!"

Sindara moaned, wiggling her hips. "Oohh... You had sex with Vivariel last night. Sumi told us that the last time you did that, D'Sheyn who was the first to ride you after that came immediately when you were fully inside. And Sumi who was the next told us your cock felt even more amazing than usual." The curvaceous woman underneath him was now fucking him from below. "Ooohhh... And we all... wanted to... experience that... aaahhh..."

"My cock has...a divine afterglow?"

"By the heavens, YES..."

Zalen smiled, beginning to move as well.

"Well, you two feel simply divine as well. I love you both! Love giving you pleasure."

"We love you too," Sindara moaned, pulling Zalen in for a long kiss and wrapping her arms around him.

Her thighs were now squeezed against his sides as they continued their slow but passionate sex.

Jazmyn was also starting to show signs of recovery.

"How was it," Zalen asked, slowing his pace a little.

"Incredible," the redhead replied. "I really have no words for it."

She looked at Sindara's and Zalen's relaxed lovemaking and leaned over to kiss them both in turn.

"Can I slip between you?"

"Sure," Zalen replied, backing up a little but making sure to stay inside Sindara's wonderful tunnel.

Jazmyn smiled, then climbed on top of the older woman, pressing her own breasts against Sindara's larger ones. Their lips met but what really drew Zalen's attention was Jazmyn's sexy butt that she was now wiggling right in front of Zalen.

"You tease," Zalen muttered but this just prompted her to wiggle her behind even more.

Continuing to slide his cock inside Sindara he gave Jazmyn's butt a playful slap. Another wiggle. Slap. Wiggle.

He slid his fingers between her thighs, using his palm to caress her. As his hand moved backwards he pressed his fingers up, dipping them in her wet cunt.

As Jazmyn still continued her wiggle he moved his hand a little more, positioning his fingers over her other entrance and then began rubbing it.

Jazmyn stiffened for a moment but after a moment resumed her earlier wiggle, but this time her kisses with Sindara seemed a little more passionate.

Slowly he began pressing his finger in, sliding inside her. Again her wiggling stopped as she moaned but then resumed again.

With a grin he pulled out of Sindara, instead aligning his cock with the pussy on top. With his finger still partially inside her butt Jazmyn was totally taken by surprise by Zalen's thick cock suddenly filling her cunt. He pulled out again, and filled Sindara once more.

Jazmyn resumed her wiggling but it was a little hindered by the fact that her movements were also pushing his finger deeper.

Sindara had straight out told him once that she might one day want to try the butt stuff but that she'd tell him when she was ready. And until that day he'd leave her butt alone.

Jazmyn however seemed to quite enjoy his finger in there.

With both women seeming to feed off each other's moans he kept the same pace, mostly fucking Sindara with his cock and Jazmyn with his finger but every now and then he also plunged his cock inside the horny redhead.

In the end Sindara proved to be the first to cum, the pleasure from Zalen's cock finally pushing her over. As she squeezed Jazmyn against her in the throes of her orgasm Zalen shoved his thick cock once more inside Jazmyn's pussy and began ramming her in earnest.

"Ouu... ouu... ouu... I'm cumming..." she was gasping as their bodies met again and again.

This time Zalen reached his peak first. He groaned, shoving both his cock and his finger all the way in. Jazmyn let out a hard moan, unable to withstand the pleasure either.

Zalen collapsed on the bed next to Sindara, closing his eyes for a moment. When he opened them again both women had moved to cuddle against him, Jazmyn now on his other side. He smiled, hugging them. It was truly hard to believe how much his life had changed after the decision to return the Rose Cube to its rightful owner.