 Departures

"Come in."

Zalen opened the door, stepping inside Amaryan's current room. There was a map rolled open on the table next to her.

"You wanted to talk about something?"

"Yes. Yes, I did." She looked up from the map. "Tomorrow morning I'm leaving on a quest. Well, a holy quest. I am taking Essiel, Mayz and Sheryn and we will visit the cities west of here. We'll go to each House of Veils so that every former Veil that still wants to be one can re-join."

"So who will go to the east? Me?"

"Umm, yes and no. Shareel, Mimin and Imeiran will take care of the remaining Veils. However you will also be heading in the same direction as you will head towards the Dwarven city of Um-Barrad. The Rose said she has some special plans for you."

"Ok. I'd better let my wives know we will be leaving soon then."

Amaryan nodded. "You should do that right now and then come back here. There's still something else we have to take care of tonight."

A little bit later Zalen was again at Amaryan's door. His wives hadn't been particularly surprised to hear that they'd be back on the road again. Leilah had even mumbled 'Finally' and Mirada had sounded very thrilled when Zalen mentioned the destination.

"Come in..."

There was something different in Amaryan's voice. Zalen opened the door and stepped in.

Amaryan was there - but this time she was on her side on the bed, wearing just a single veil on her hips. There was a strange glow in her eyes.

"I was getting a little... anxious waiting."

Again the voice didn't sound like Amaryan's. Ah. Of course.

"My apologies, Vivariel. And Amaryan. Did you have something you wanted to discuss with me?"

Amaryan's pursed her lips for a moment.

"Did you already forget what I said last time? I've given you my gift. Why not try using it!"

Zalen focused on the woman in front of him. The sudden flow of sexual lust nearly knocked him down.

"Ah. In that case..."

Zalen set aside his staff and began disrobing.

As he did so, Amaryan began caressing herself, rubbing her luxurious breasts with slow motions. With his clothes finally out of the way, Zalen sat on the chair next to the bed, grabbing his already hardening cock and began to slowly jerk it.

"Very good," came Vivariel's voice.

They continued their mutual masturbation, Amaryan's hands slowly travelling down and she slowly spread her thighs.

Zalen stood up, moving to sit at the edge of the bed, then moving to sit between Amaryan's spread thighs. His eyes were still locked on what Amaryan's hands were doing, his hands now slowly pumping his cock. She raised her hips, bringing her crotch close enough that he could slip inside just by angling his dick forward. Slowly he tilted his pole, until it almost touched her pubic lips and her finger she was sliding between them.

Amaryan suddenly moved closer, bringing his cock now sandwiched between her outer lips but angled toward her clit. She began moving, his cock now sliding in this sexy outer valley as she began tilting her hips. Damn she was wet.

Zalen had a feeling Amaryan/Vivariel was trying to get him horny enough to just take her. On another day he might have done just that, but today he was feeling too mischievous for that. Instead, he moved his right hand forward, placing the palm over the tip of his cock and the fingers just above her clit. As the divine beauty kept moving her hips, he began using his hand to caress her like that.

With the dual caress from the tip of his cock and his fingers on both sides of her most sensitive area, Amaryan's lips curled into a sultry smile.

He kept up his caresses, every now and then sliding his cock backwards enough that the tip was just at her waiting entrance. Each time he stopped there for a moment - but never pushed in, instead returning to poke at her little nub with it.

The divine beauty raised a finger on his chin, pulling him closer for a kiss. A breathtaking kiss.

Before Zalen had time to realize what had happened he was somehow on his back with Amaryan now straddling him. He groaned as she guided the tip of his cock in and then stopped.

The next moment she begun moving. Not down, but around. Her hips had begun swaying and doing little shakes in a way that still kept just the tip inside her, never letting it slip out but neither did her movements push his cock deeper.

And it was driving him wild.

Zalen suddenly thrust upwards with his hips but Amaryan just responded with an identically timed move up, Vivariel's eyes full of challenge.

Zalen raised his hands on her waist, then sitting up he slid them along her round cheeks until his fingers found their target.

As he began rubbing her tighter entrance Amaryan kissed him again. It was an uncanny feeling, as if two pairs of lips were kissing him at once.

After pushing his finger gently inside Amaryan responded by moving slightly lower, engulfing a little more of his cock as she continued her little dance on his lap.

He was now using just the tip of his finger to penetrate her butt. She was still only using the top third of his cock in her movements, as if waiting to see what he would do next.

Very well then.

Zalen slid his finger back out, grabbing her waist again. He suddenly pulled Amaryan to the side, the divine beauty falling on the bed. He quickly moved on top of her, kissing the side of her neck.

She was now laying on her right side, her left knee pinned by his arm near her chest and her right thigh underneath him. He guided his cock to her wet cunt - and slid all the way in, bringing a pleasure filled gasp from both of them.

Once fully inside her he stopped. Instead his right hand again found her butt, again slowly sliding inside. With slow, sensuous movements he began fingering her more sensitive tunnel, each time going just a little deeper. Meanwhile he was keeping his hips completely still, still filling her completely with his cock but forcing her to concentrate more fully on the pleasures brought by his finger.

Again an otherworldly kiss from Amaryan, this time a bit more fiercely.

With his finger pleasuring the horny priestess she had begun moving underneath her. He was still holding still but her movements were grinding his cock against her insides.

"...fuck me..."

Zalen grinned at hearing her finally say that. "With pleasure."

He still didn't start moving his hips though, instead increasing the speed of his finger thrusting into her butt.

"Oohh... you... damn tease... fuck me with your cock! "

"What if I want you to do it," Zalen whispered, pulling back so that just the tip of his cock was inside her and then laid down on his side behind her, their upper bodies in a wide V shape.

Amaryan made a little growl as she began tilting her hips and thrusting her butt against him, each movement driving both his cock and his finger deep inside her.

Suddenly the priestess stopped, then pulled away from him in a fluid motion.

"It's time for something special," she announced, picking up a vial of oily liquid from the small table. She poured some of it over Zalen's erect cock then put the vial aside.

"Now stay still," she whispered, climbing on top of him.

Grabbing a hold of his slippery cock she angled it correctly and a moment later he felt it begin to enter her other tunnel.

"Ooo you are big," Vivariel muttered. "It's a good thing Amaryan's had practice."

Little by little she pushed back, getting him deeper and deeper inside.

"How much of this can Amaryan feel? Can she talk when you are like this?"

There was a pause before the answer.

"I... can talk," Amaryan's voice spoke. "But it's easier if I let Vivariel take control. And I do feel everything! OOOhhh..."

Her last word was punctuated by her pushing all the way down, causing the long moan.

"You should have heard some of her other suggestions," Vivariel's voice continued. "A naughty mind is almost a requirement for my Heart Veils."

Vivariel smiled. "And now..."

With her butt now used to his size she began moving again.

She was riding him with slow, deep movements, her tight butt engulfing his thick cock to the hilt every time.

He was using his hands to caress the sides of her neck, her breasts, her sides.

They were both moaning as the pleasure built up, both feeding on each other's desire.

She was the first to reach the top, with Vivariel's voice suddenly joined by Amaryan's, the force of the intense pleasure shaking her body.

As the wave of bliss was calming down, she slowly rose up, then sat down behind his cock.

She pointed a finger at his cock.

"Now a little divine magic to clean this," she murmured.

There was a brief tingly feeling on his hard member.

"Done. Now..."

She quickly scooted slightly forward, guiding him back inside her wonderful pussy. She began riding him again slowly and sensuously.

"Tonight we intend to find out just how long we can keep fucking you and still keep you below the peak," Vivariel announced in a husky tone.

Zalen smiled.

"Very well. Then I intend to find out how many orgasms I can give you during your little test!"

"Sounds perfect," both of their voices replied.