 Initiations

"By the way, you're again requested for the Kiss."

Even after a month of these initiation rituals Zalen still didn't feel used to them. Oh hey, there's a new woman here and she wants to have sex with you. That just wasn't something that really happened. Except it had already happened a dozen times.

Zalen opened the door and stepped inside. This time Amaryan had told him to use the Red Chamber without offering any information beyond that. Oh well, the room was certainly more luxurious than his own. Instead of a bed there was huge mattress on the floor with a whole bundle of pillows and and nearly everything was colored wine or bright red. And the ceiling was full of mirror panes.

Oh well, the initiate would arrive at any moment so Zalen walked over to the side table to pour himself a drink.

He'd barely raised the cup to his lips when there was a knock on the door.

"Come in."

"Hello, my love!"

Zalen whirled around as he recognized the voice.

"D'Sheyn?"

"Yes, me. You didn't realize my month just ended, did you? I still want my official Kiss!"

Zalen laughed. "Oh, of course. I can take care of that!"

There was another knock on the door.

"Umm, was there someone else too? Come in."

The door opened and Essiel stepped in, walking next to D'Sheyn.

"I have also served my punishment and I'm ready to join the Veils," she explained.

"For some reason the Rose gave us all punishments of equal length. And since we all want to become Veils again..."

D'Sheyn explained.

"Do you mean -"

D'Sheyn giggled as another woman stepped inside. Mayz. Her hair was perhaps even longer than it had looked the last time, now reaching her butt. 

Then another. Mimin, the petite redhead.

A short while later the whole former Council was lined up in front of him. Except for Shareel of course.

"So, how do you want us? Should we all line up on the bed so you can move from one hungry mouth to another? Or do you want to watch us have fun and then join in wherever you like?"

"Umm. There's just one of me so it's probably more fun for you if you start on your own."

Essiel giggled. "We may not be the Council anymore but we can still start with a 'council meeting' like in the old days!"

Mayz had wrapped her arm around D'Sheyn, starting to pull her towards the huge mattress. "Come on Doll, you've been spending so much time around Mr Hot and Sexy that I want to make sure you still remember how to pleasure a woman!"

Sheryn walked after the two, beckoning Mimin to join her. She turned to give Zalen a wink. "You're of course very welcome to join whenever you want!"

Essiel and Imeiran were also walking towards the mattress, Essiel's hands already busy groping Imeiran.

Zalen turned to take another sip from his cup and then turned to watch.

Mimin and Sheryn were now laying down, their mouths locked in a long kiss, Sheryn's ankle behind the redhead's butt.

D'Sheyn had her mouth full of Mayz's beautiful breast while the long haired beauty was busy caressing the blue haired cutie's sides.

Imeiran was now on her back with Essiel beginning to explore between her thighs.

For a while Zalen just watched, enjoying the sight of these six women and the pleasure-filled mmm's and aaah's coming from them.

His eyes kept getting drawn in by one particular sight though: Essiel's very curvy butt that was pointing straight at him. She was also slowly wiggling it, as if in an invitation for him to come give it a taste.

It worked, a moment later he had laid down behind her, beginning to caress the back of her thick thighs with his hands and mouth.

"I think he likes your butt," Imeiran chuckled from the other side.

"It looked very inviting," Zalen replied, now moving his mouth towards the middle and drawing a long line along her sensitive parts.

"Ouuu... I was hoping you might do that," Essiel whispered, pushing her butt slightly towards Zalen.

"Few men around here tend to appreciate curves like hers," Imeiran explained as Zalen continued his oral exploration. "They either prefer big breasts like D'Sheyn's or prefer someone more petite like Mimin. Too bad for them both D'Sheyn and Mimin are very picky!"

Mimin giggled upon hearing her name. "Well so are you! But yes, I usually prefer women. Usually.'

D'Sheyn also spoke up: "Well I did finally pick someone. I picked him!"

"But right now your lovely tongue is all mine," Mayz replied. "Oo, just like that!"

The curvy woman in front of Zalen was already beginning to moan heavily as Zalen kept devouring her.

"Oouuummm... Oh, Zalen! Aaahhhh... Oouummm... Aahhh..."

"Hmm," came Imeiran's voice from her other side. "Looks like you're a little too talented with your tongue, Zalen! She's completely forgotten my presence already!"

"Umm, sorry Immy. He's... just... soouuaahh..."

"Don't worry, we can continue after he's licked you to heaven and back. I'll go join Mimin and Sheryn for now."

"Oummm... I'm already... getting... close..."

Hearing her admit that just made Zalen more eager to get her there. He was lapping at her in a steady rhythm, now focusing on the area around her clit. She had her head down, her butt high and as her moans grew louder she apparently had grabbed a pillow to muffle them. "Ummfff... ummff... UMMFF... AAAHH... UMMMF!"

Her whole body suddenly began to shiver and she let out a long moan that just seemed to last and last. Finally her strength gave out and her lower body collapsed.

"Aah... That was... amazing! Aah... I think I need a... moment..."

"Oo, you're free then?"

Zalen returned to a sitting position just to see the petite redhead walking his way. "Great! In that case..."

Raising her toes on Zalen's chest she gave him a shove. As he fell on his back Mimin quickly stepped astride his head and then wiggled her hips down until she was sitting on his face. He wasted no time and began licking the delicious little cunt on top of him.

"Mm-mm. I just love sitting on someone's face. Mmmh. Oo, just like that," Mimin muttered.

"My face is always free for that," Zalen replied before resuming his oral attack.

As he licked on, she had dug her fingers in his hair, her hips doing a constant circling motion against him, her face tilted down to stare at his head between her thighs. "Mmhmm. You look so hot like this. MMmm. Keep going. Yess. Lick my sweet cunny."

Zalen was more than eager to do that, the little redhead's constant naughty muttering a big turn-on.

Suddenly, as if someone had flicked a lever in her Mimin began fiercely grinding her crotch against him. "Oo, make me cum. Make me cum. Make me cummm..."

He couldn't really do more than hold his tongue out and rigid as the petite beauty kept riding his face, but it proved quite enough.

Suddenly her thighs squeezed his head, her back arcing as she let out a long, low moan.

Then she suddenly slipped back, scooting to sit by his side and pulled him up to give him a passionate kiss.

"Thank you! That. Felt. Amazing!"

Then she hopped to her feet. "Sheryn! You really need to try him!"

As Mimin slipped away to go surprise D'Sheyn with her eager hands, Sheryn stood up as well, walking to him with her hips swaying.

"If little Mimin says that, then I certainly want to try," she murmured. "Can I ask you to lick me there?"

"You have such a beautiful, soft voice that I'm not sure I could say no to anything you asked."

She smiled demurely. "Good with your tongue and a charmer? No wonder D'Sheyn fell for you."

Stretching back to lean on his hands he waited as the beauty slipped a leg to the other side of his chest, leaving her standing with her cooch right in front of Zalen's mouth. He needed no more invitation than that and he promptly began drawing patterns on her with his tongue.

By the time he was getting to the end of the alphabet she was having trouble standing still.

"Please... lick my clit..."

Zalen needed no more encouragement than that, switching to softly lapping her little nub. Her hands dug into his hair, her soft moans were rising in pitch until she suddenly came, her orgasm taking both of them by surprise.

Sheryn plopped down, leaning on her hands for support.

"I... I need a moment," she gasped.

Zalen smiled, turning to decide who to pick next.

Mayz looked quite occupied with Essiel between her legs.

Mimin and Imeiran were both pleasuring D'Sheyn, Imeiran on her side licking her cooch, Mimin on her knees going after her breasts and neck.

Moving over to the trio Zalen laid down in front of Imeiran.

He placed his hand on her lower stomach. Unlike the others she had left a shaped patch of hair that looked like wings down there.

"Mind if I taste you next?"

Imeiran turned her head to look at Zalen, smiled seductively and raised her top knee.

Zalen laid his head on her bottom thigh and the tall beauty lowered the other, leaving his head gently sandwiched between them.

But it also left his target right in front of him so he wasted no time diving in.

It was quite a nice position to lick her out and her thighs against his ears were blocking most of the sounds as well, leaving him free to fully focus on devouring the delicious cunt in front of him.

Without the sounds he couldn't really tell how much of an effect his oral administrations were having though which is why her first orgasm took him by surprise.

Still, this was way too nice a position to abandon just yet so even after her peak he just slowed down a little.

A little later she came again, her thighs squeezing his head. And then again as his tongue just kept going and going.

Finally Imeiran spread her thighs and pushed her hand between his head and her delicious cunt.

"Too... much..."

As Zalen withdrew his head he noticed D'Sheyn looking at him and squirming.

"Please? Immy got me so close but then you..."

He looked at Imeiran who did now look a bit out of it. She was on her back, her eyes closed, mouth half open, crooning softly.

"Maybe I overdid it a bit," Zalen mumbled as he crawled over to take Imeiran's place between D'Sheyn's thighs.

A quick glance to the side confirmed that Mimin was now also otherwise occupied, Mayz having pulled her over and then on top of Essiel.

Locking eyes with the horny D'Sheyn, Zalen leaned down, eagerly continuing where Imeiran had left off and also slipping two fingers inside her.

The blue-haired cutie slipped her ankles on top of his shoulders, her hands grabbing the back his neck as if to make sure he wouldn't stop too soon. 

"Ooohh... I'm... sooo...cl...ooooh..."

Apparently Imeiran's tongue had truly left her just short of her mark. With his fingers flexing inside her and his tongue lapping at her she didn't even get to say 'close' before hitting her peak.

Compared to Imeiran her jolts were violent enough that he pulled back just in case, breaking the hold D'Sheyn could no longer try to maintain with the pleasure racking her body.

Well, that left one more pussy he had yet to taste.

As Mayz was conveniently on her knees and still busy fingering both Mimin and Essiel, she didn't notice Zalen moving behind her.

What she did notice was when he laid down on his back and slipped his head between her spread thighs.

"Oh, how did you get there? Are you planning to - Mmmm. I like your plan!"

Having pulled her down within licking distance he again began his oral caresses.

This time he also raised his right hand on her crotch, then slid two fingers inside her wet tunnel to caress her from there.

With all the other sexy activity in the room, Zalen's dual assault on her sensitive parts soon had her whispering 'Yess... Yess...' over and over again. His tongue was still darting around, then switched to sucking her clit.

His fingers had located the somewhat rougher feeling area inside her and were now eagerly caressing that spot as he again began licking her little nub.

"Yes... yes... YES... YES... mmaaHHHH!"

He could suddenly feel her gushing around his fingers and the jolt of her orgasm bumped her crotch against his nose. A pause, then another jolt. A pause again, then a third one. And a fourth.

As Mayz was still trying to recover from the orgasm brought by his tongue, Zalen noticed that Essiel had also crawled over, her fingers caressing his cock.

"You have now licked us all, haven't you? As amazing as your tongue is, we really want to feel this inside us as well." She crawled next to Mayz, presenting her butt towards Zalen. "Just choose which horny, wet pussy you want to fill first..."

Zalen climbed back on his knees, looking at the two women lined up in front of him. He placed a hand on each crotch, testing them with a finger, causing two moans.

"Ooo, you are both really wet," Zalen mumbled while trying to make his choice.

Essiel, with her amazing, very big butt? Or Mayz, with her long hair draped over her smaller, but still highly attractive behind?

Well, considering he'd been waiting to fuck Essiel since watching her get pleasured by Jazmyn and Dinah...

Keeping his right hand on Mayz's entrance he moved behind Essiel, lining his cock with her tunnel. He began pushing forward, watching as her lips parted, slowly engulfing his hard cock.

"Oummm... By the Rose, it's going so deep... Aah..."

Using his fingers in the same pace on Mayz he began fucking Essiel. And damn, did her thick butt look arousing!

"Oumm... Yes, plow my big butt... I need your cock... Oohhh..."

Zalen noticed that the other action in the room had also paused as the women watched Essiel getting fucked. D'Sheyn and Imeiran were still on top of each other while Mimin had crawled over to Sheryn, idly caressing her as they enjoyed the little show at the center.

"You know Essiel, I've been wanting to do this ever since I watched Jazmyn and Dinah pleasure you in the garden," Zalen mentioned.

"Ooohh... You were there? By the Rose..."

Zalen slowed down for a moment, pulling out and instead moving behind Mayz. Replacing his fingers with his cock he instead began fingering Essiel.

Mayz let out a gasp as he slid inside her.

"I was," Zalen replied, reaching towards Mayz's ear and gathering her long hair into his palm. He pulled back on it, just enough to get her to tilt her head back a little. "You have such beautiful hair," he murmured before continuing in a normal voice: "I was sorely tempted to join you. But then I got company."

He was now pumping Essiel with three fingers, as he increased his pace with Mayz.

"Harder..." the long haired beauty uttered, her breathing ragged.

Zalen was happy to comply, beginning to pump her with more force.

"AAhh... I mean... pull my hair harder!"

"Oh. Of course."

Keeping up the pace he yanked her hair harder, forcing her head all the way back and her back to arc. This also changed the angle his cock was impaling her in.

"Yes... mmaahhh... YES... YES... YEESSS!"

Her whole body shook and as he turned his head he realized that Essiel had reached her peak as well.

As he pulled out of the long-haired beauty she collapsed, looking rather worn out. His first plan was to return inside Essiel but she also plopped down on her side with an exhausted smile.

"Go on... We need... a break..."

Caressing both pairs of buttocks one last time he walked over to the next pair.

D'Sheyn saw him approaching and smiled.

"Our turn?"

She was on her side on Imeiran's right side. As Zalen moved closer she turned on her other side, pulling her knees halfway towards her chest.

Imeiran moved closer to be the big spoon, except raising her top leg on top of D'Sheyn.

This left both of their sexy cooches right next to each other, waiting for him to fill either one.

"We're both wet and waiting," Imeiran murmured, rubbing D'Sheyn's nipple with her top hand.

Zalen moved astride Imeiran's thigh, aligning his cock with her waiting tunnel.

"Ooh yesss..." she breathed as he began sliding in.

Since D'Sheyn was right next to her he slipped his right hand on her thigh, then slid it towards her inviting pussy. He pushed his finger in - and then slid it back out, moving his now lubricated finger to her tighter hole instead!

D'Sheyn moaned as he began slowly pushing his digit inside.

Soon the two women were almost competing with their pleasure-filled sounds, one from Zalen's thick cock plowing her cunt, the other from his finger doing the same in her butt.

He'd begun rolling his hips while fucking her, causing his cock to enter her tunnel in a slightly different angle each time.

Imeiran's mouth was wide open and she was squeezing D'Sheyn against her with her arm.

"By the Rose, I'm... I'm... cummii -"

She bit back the rest of the word as the pleasure took over.

Taking this as a signal he pulled out of her and instead moved over to the other beauty laying in front of him.

He'd pulled back his finger and instead entered her wetter cavern with his eager cock.

Instead he now moved his left hand between Imeiran's thighs - and began caressing her tighter entrance!

"Ohh... that feels so good..."

Although she had just cum, with the new source of pleasure it was far from clear which woman would reach the peak first. The answer turned out to be D'Sheyn but only just. As D'Sheyn's body began shaking from her orgasm, Imeiran came almost immediately afterwards.

Again Zalen switched, now slowly sliding back inside Imeiran's drenched cunt.

He was still lazily fucking Imeiran, waiting for her to slightly recover from her orgasm when someone blocked his view. Mimin had stepped astride Imeiran, placing her finger on Zalen's forehead.

"She's had enough fun, now it's our turn!"

"Very well," Zalen chuckled, pulling out of the taller woman.

Mimin gave him a little shove and he fell on his butt. The petite cutie whirled around, squatting on his lap facing away from him, impaling herself on his thick cock.

She made a little growl as she began her ride.

"She's never that eager with a man," Sheryn whispered in Zalen's ear, wrapping her arms around him and pressing her breasts against his back. "I think she may be falling for you!"

Sheryn gently pulled his chin to the side, beginning to devour his lips.

It had already been something of a miracle he had yet to blow his load but now with the petite redhead eagerly riding him he was rapidly reaching his own limit.

Mimin seemed to somehow sense this as she suddenly hopped off him.

"Sheryn, your turn now!"

"With pleasure," she purred, moving around to climb on his lap. "Oh heavens you are big..." she gasped as she lowered herself on his erect cock.

As she was still sliding down on him Mimin suddenly grabbed his hand and guided it behind Sheryn, leading his fingers on her tighter entrance.

"Oo, naughty boy," Sheryn purred, her words made that much more erotic by her beautiful voice. "I like it!"

Her arms crossed behind his neck, she began grinding against him as he slowly eased his finger inside her butt.

Meanwhile Mimin had slipped her hand between them, using it to rub Sheryn's little nub.

With the threefold attack of pleasure she was soon climbing the mountain of bliss faster and faster. Her eyes were going wider, her moans more ragged, her grinding more and more eager.

As her orgasm finally hit, her hold on his neck broke and she fell on her back, luckily cushioned by a bunch of pillows.

"Are you o-"

His question was cut off by Mimin as she had suddenly glued her lips against his. The next thing he felt was the petite redhead climbing on his lap and mounting him.

"Cum for me," she commanded him in a tone that resembled a soft growl and began riding him.

As her riding was getting more and more energetic she kept whispering the same demand: "Cum for me. Cum for me."

The other women were watching their little show with interest, especially Sheryn who mouthed 'I told you' and gave Zalen a wink.
