 Gigantic Pleasure

By noon next day the group was already a long way from the dwarven city.

The others had indeed accepted Della into the group without any trouble and the twins especially were getting along with her like they were long lost friends. Or possibly lovers.

There had been plenty of travellers during the initial stretch but once they'd turned south east and towards the elven lands the road again became empty. They didn't encounter anyone until one of the small forests dotting the countryside.

That someone turned out to be a caravan.

The caravan itself wasn't anything unusual, just three wagons full of tools, metal ingots and various merchandise. The elves and the dwarves didn't always get along that great but there were always traders willing to bridge that gap.

What really drew Zalen's interest was one of the caravan's guards. A demigiantess.

She was maybe twice his height, with shoulder length hair, a leather armor and skirt and she was carrying a metal club he probably couldn't have even lifted without help.

One of the traders had noticed the group's approach.

"Hey, aren't you the locksmith from Um-Barrad?"

Della rode to the front of the group on her sturdy pony, clearly not as used to being on horseback as the rest of them.

"Why, if it isn't Mr 'One more'! They finally found the barrel you had passed out in?"

"Oh, I never drink that much. Sober as a monk! So where are you heading? Going to kidnap an elf for your husband?"

"Oh, why not? They at least smell slightly better than the local oafs. Or the traders!"

Her reply had gotten a laugh out of the other traders and they soon moved on to chat about other things.

Della finally rode back to Zalen.

"We'll be travelling in the same direction until Ember River so it might be safer to travel with them for now. They're an ok bunch, I've met them before."

Zalen nodded. "Sure, why not."

"The trader guys are Jin, Bano and Goran. The demigiantess is called Nelly and the other guards are Big Ben, Just Ben, 'Beardo' Jon and Manny."

"Just Ben?"

"Yep. Long story."

Later on the group had stopped for a quick bite. Stew with dwarven beer.

"Then he lifted the lid and inside was this wiry goblin, drunk as a skunk. You should have seen Old Bailey's face! His face went white, then red and then..."

Listening to the other guard's story the demigiantess had leaned over to pick her mug from the ground. Zalen's eyes were drawn to her considerable butt. Not only was it big but it seemed to also have quite a beautiful shape.

"See something you like?"

Zalen froze, having been caught ogling. Hmm, according to Vivariel's gift she was somewhat interested though...

"Yes. Something big and hot!"

"Ha! You couldn't handle a woman my size!"

"Sure I could! The bigger they are, the harder they moan!"

The guard telling the story had paused, the men's interest now in the banter between Zalen and the huge lady.

"Big words from a little guy like you."

"Size isn't everything, you know. Pleasure is."

"Too much pleasure, more like."

"You would be gasping for a break way before me!"

"Now now," the huge woman grinned. "Keep that up and I may actually take you up on those words."

"Oh, I'm always ready to take you. No need for words!"

"Oh, that's it. You're coming with me!"

Nelly quickly closed the distance between them and scooped the surprised Zalen up. As everyone else in the clearing was laughing their heads off she marched straight into the forest, the hapless mage bouncing on her shoulder.

As they were out of sight of the rest of the caravan, the demigiant put Zalen back on the ground.

"Ooh, I haven't had anyone flirt with me in years!" She leaned down to plant a kiss on Zalen's forehead. "You're cute. Run along now, I had my fun."

Zalen looked up at the smiling demigiantess. "I wasn't just joking you know."

She frowned. "Huh? You mean... you really want to? But I'm huge and you're just..."

Zalen tilted his head a little. "So? There are other ways to bring you unforgettable pleasure than with my cock. But do you want to?"

The huge woman stared at Zalen and suddenly began to blush. "Um. Yes?"

Zalen smiled. "Good!"

Grabbing Nelly by the hand he lead the still blushing demigiantess to stand with her back against a tree, kneeling down in front of him which left his head right at the height of her crotch.

"Now raise your skirt, I want to taste you."

Her eyes still wide she grabbed the hem of her leather skirt, pulling the front higher and revealing that she wasn't wearing anything underneath it.

Her pussy was covered in short hair - shaving down there wasn't probably a custom for them like it was among the local humans - but the hair was surprisingly soft and a very light shade.

Zalen placed his hands on both sides of the mound hiding her clit and began massaging her. Meanwhile he had pushed out his tongue and began sliding it along her pubic lips, pressing harder from the beginning to account for their size difference.

To be honest he wasn't sure he would be able to fully pleasure her - the demigiants might well have completely different sexual preferences despite their similar anatomy - but if she was willing to let him try then he would certainly try his best.

His efforts were finally rewarded by a long, low moan. Then another.

Moving his left hand to massage closer to her mound he slid his right hand down.

There was another low moan as he began pushing his whole fist inside her.

Her hands were still squeezing the hem of her leather skirt as his fist pumped inside her. He'd started by shifting the angle continuously until he'd settled on one that seemed to have the most effect. She was wet enough that her juices were already dripping from his elbow and she was biting her lip, as if afraid to let out the true sounds of her pleasure.

Zalen was surprised just how quickly her pleasure seemed to be mounting, but if it had truly been years since her last flirt then who knew how long she'd been without this.

All the more reason to pleasure her now then.

"Ah... ah... ah..."

Despite her huge size, her sounds of pleasure were surprisingly soft and delicate. Her hands were still revealing her mounting pleasure; she was twisting the leather hem in her hands like she was trying to keep it from escaping.

In and out he pumped his arm, using his fingers to massage her insides.

The tree that the huge woman was leaning on was shaking from her squirming and since they hadn't walked that far her moans probably could reach the rest of the group.

And once she finally hit her peak, even that 'probably' had become a certainty.

Considering how soft her moans had been, her orgasmic cry was anything but.

Even Zalen jumped a little even though he had felt her starting to cum.

Her last moan was practically a shout and with her size that shout was enough to shake the ground and send the wildlife scurrying to safety.

As Zalen slowly retrieved his arm, the demigiantess opened her eyes again, looking down at him with a soft smile.

"Haaahh... Oh if only you were my size, I'd pound your cock until the ground gave away!"

Zalen raised his hand to rub his stubble. "Hmm. I may actually have a solution to that."

He walked to the side, kicking off his boots and removing the rest of his clothes. "I once learned a spell I haven't really had a need to try yet..."

With the still panting Nelly looking at him he grabbed his spell staff from the ground and began casting the incantation. A little later her eyes went wide as the spell took hold - and Zalen began growing in size. The magic was expanding every part of his body until he was finally a head taller than the demigiantess. "The spell doesn't include my clothes so it's not normally that useful," Zalen explained, sitting down on the soft ground. He dropped his spell staff and grabbed the other one instead. "Do I look big enough now?"

She was staring at him as if hypnotized. "Now you're huge!"

Zalen waved his cock a little. "Are you going to keep your little promise or not?"

"By the mountains, yes!"

A moment later she bowled him over, her lips gluing themselves on Zalen's. The next thing he felt was her hand grabbing the base of his cock and pointing it towards her - and then her cunt beginning to swallow his now even more considerable length.

"Ooo... how I've missed this feeling," she muttered as she began to pound her hips against him. "Too bad... aah... there's so few of us... mmhh... here in the west..."

"Just keep looking! With your beauty... I can guarantee he'll fall for you... oooh... when you do meet him!"

Her energetic riding was already making the ground shake underneath them.

"Good thing we're not on a bed," Zalen muttered. "It would probably fall apart!"

"Mmmh... aah... at least we won't break the ground," the demigiantess replied between her moans.

On the other hand his growth spell had been the normal version and as such might end without much warning. And if it did, her hard pounding might well break a few of his bones.

Still, she was enjoying the sex way too much for Zalen to interrupt it and at the current rate neither of them would last much longer anyway.

Rubbing her ample breasts he watched the horny guard bounce on top, enjoying the moment and her moans that were getting more and more frantic.

He felt something waver.

Oh-oh.

Quickly he pulled Nelly to the side, rolling on top of him. He immediately resumed the hard pace she'd been using, pounding down on her as hard as she had done moments before.

She came and as her hungry cunt squeezed down on him, so did he. And as the orgasm was ravaging their bodies the spell ended.

Nelly's body seemed to grow underneath him although it was him that was returning to human size.

A moment later he was back to normal and still laying on top of Nelly who looked too blissed out to even notice his change.

Well, if he ever used this spell again for sexual purposes he'd make sure to use the long form!

As the duo finally returned to the camp site they were greeted by hoots and cheers from the other guards.

"Go Nel!"

"Nelly got lucky!"

"Woo!"

The demigiantess was blushing slightly but otherwise took the sudden attention in stride.

As Zalen joined his wives more than a few of them were looking at him questioningly.

Kity was the first one to open her mouth though.

"Magic?"

Zalen smiled. "Growth spell."

"First time you've needed that I guess," Della laughed, eyeing his crotch meaningfully.