 Preparations

Zalen was pacing around in his room.

Well, even though he did now have the elven mixture and the fireseed oil, he was still missing the most important component. And this time he would have to ask Vivariel for advice. But this was the first time he'd be calling for her, before she had always just appeared whenever she liked. Would calling for her in his head be enough?

Vivariel! Oh sexy one, your servant needs your advice!

He waited. Nothing. Perhaps he needed to call for her out loud after all?

He sat down on his knees.

"Viv-"

"Hmm. That wasn't bad but perhaps I should decree that I will only answer your summons if you're stroking yourself."

He looked to the side and indeed, on the chair there sat Vivariel's translucent shape, this time wearing a skimpy dress apparently made of feathers.

"Well, I can do that now if you'll then answer my question."

"Deal! And for your inspiration..."

She slowly parted her thighs, revealing her perfect pussy.

He dug out his cock, beginning to help it into full hardness with his hand.

"Mmm... So what is it you wanted to ask?"

"Well, in order to seduce the moon dragon I will apparently need to give her her very first orgasm. And I don't think I'm quite enough to give her that without a trick up my sleeve."

"So?"

"Well, my wives noticed that whenever I had sex with you through Amaryan or with another divine being, my cock would gain some kind of a 'divine charge' and the next woman I fully entered would then cum instantly. So..."

Vivariel smiled, her eyes still on Zalen's now fully hard cock. She stood up, slowly walking closer with her hips swaying. "Ah. Well, unlike some of the other goddesses I cannot yet take a physical form without Amaryan and she's currently too far for my summon spell to work. And somewhat... occupied as well."

She squatted down, her ethereal pussy almost touching the tip of his cock. 

"So as much as I'd love to ride this beautiful cock of yours I cannot."

She sat down on empty air in front of him, her thighs again spread wide.

"So where should I go then? All the way back to the foxkin?"

"There is another option. Remember the fairies? Their goddess can take a physical form if summoned by a hundred and one fairies."

"And she can change her size?"

"No, but she can change your size."

"Ah. Then we'll travel there next." He crawled closer, giving her bare cunt a long lick. His tongue of course touched nothing but air, but the goddess seemed to still shiver a little and smiled.

"But once the temple is built..."

A moment later she had vanished again, leaving him alone with his hard cock. Perhaps it was time to pay Sindara a little visit.

He found her walking in the hallway, a book in her arms.

"How are you, my love? The tavern keeper sold me this adventure book, I was just going to start reading it."

Zalen wrapped his arms around the curvy woman, pulling her close. Her eyebrows rose as she felt something hard between them.

"Oh, is this for me?"

"If you want it, my beautiful wife."

"Oh, I think I might, I think I might. So who was the cause? The cute lass downstairs?"

"Vivariel. I talked with her and I now know where to go, but it also led to this..."

"Ah. But this problem I'll be happy to help you with! Let's head to your room, it's closer!"

Inside his room Sindara led him to his bed.

"Sit here, oh light of my life!"

As Zalen did so she moved to grab a vial from the table, pouring some of its contents on her hands before walking back to him.

"Let's do this a little differently this time," she purred, spreading the oily liquid on his cock.

She pulled her skirt hem to the side, climbing on his lap and a moment later he could feel his hard cock sinking inside her.

Sindara smiled, raising her arms on his shoulders.

"Let's start with the kisses and caresses like this," she added, giving him a gentle kiss.

"I like your plan," he smiled, running his hands along her sides.

Just as she had suggested they were soon making out on the bed, kissing and caressing sensually while she slowly rode him. Her ample breasts were pushing against his chest, her arms were gently wrapped around him and she just looked very happy to be there. Well, so was he.

Little by little her slow ride was getting more enthusiastic as their passion increased.

Suddenly Sindara slowed down, pursing her lips.

"Umm..."

"Yes, my love?"

Sindara was quiet for a moment.

"I... I think I'm ready now. To feel you in my butt."

"Really?"

"Yes. Just... take it slowly, please."

"Of course. Just choose the position. Something you can relax in."

Sindara smiled, climbing off him. She then laid down on her stomach.

"I still remember your first massage and everything that followed. I think it's just appropriate to do this in the same position!"

Zalen smiled, placing his hands on her attractive behind and beginning to massage her cheeks.

"Now just relax.You can always say 'stop' if you feel like I'm going too fast."

"Thank you."

He began a slow, leisurely massage of her thighs and her butt cheeks, helping her relax. Caressing, kneading. Little by little he worked his way towards the middle.

Picking up the vial from the table he poured some of the slippery liquid between her cheeks, then on his fingers. His fingers trailed the flow, stopping to slowly caress her other entrance.

As his left hand kept caressing her body his right hand's fingers were now doing little circles over her tighter hole, every now and then pushing in just a little. Round, round, then inwards. 

Sindara moaned lightly.

Round, round, a little deeper in.

"I love bringing you pleasure," Zalen murmured, pushing his finger a third of the way in, then stopping.

"Oohh, I love how gentle you always are!"

A little back, then slowly deeper. And deeper.

"My finger is now fully inside you," Zalen murmured. "Soon I will add a second one."

Sindara nodded. "Go on. This feels really nice so far. Oooohhh..."

Her moan was caused by another finger joining the first.

"Yess... go on..."

Zalen paused, pulled his fingers back - and then added a third finger.

"Ooooohhh..."

As his fingers slowly slid deeper they were accompanied by her low, continuous moan.

"Ohh... By the stars, right now I really do want your cock there..."

"I'll be happy to do that then."

Slowly retrieving his fingers he moved astride her thighs, pouring more of the lubricant on his hard cock.

Placing the vial back on the table he aligned his cock with her inviting little hole.

He leaned forward, placing his hands on each side of her body.

"Grab my wrist."

Sindara did so.

"If you want me to slow down, just squeeze."

Sindara nodded, then gasped as he began pushing forward and his tip suddenly slipped inside her. A squeeze.

Zalen waited and a moment later Sindara released her hold.

Deeper.

"Mwaahhh..." Sindara moaned, squeezing his wrist again. He stopped again. "That's the thickest part, the rest will be easier."

As the pressure on his wrist vanished he began slowly pushing deeper again.

"OooOOhhh..."

As his cock slowly slid inside her butt her fingers twitched slightly but this time there was no signal to stop.

"Oohhh... I feel so full..."

"I'm all the way inside your sexy butt," Zalen murmured, leaning in to kiss her by her ear.

"Are you ready if I start moving?"

Sindara let out another moan that sounded slightly like a growl.

"No, let me..."

Sindara suddenly began moving. And to his surprise her earlier carefulness seemed to suddenly be gone. Without warning she shoved her butt against him, then began thrusting against him from below with a fervor he had seen from her a few times before, but he certainly hadn't expected to see it like this!

Her butt was rampaging against him, devouring his thick cock again and again.

She was moaning, growling and muttering something that might have been meant as words but didn't really sound like them.

With his gentle wife turned wildcat fucking him from below he didn't really stand much of a chance. With a loud groan he unleashed his load inside her tight hole before collapsing on top of Sindara.

A little later they were both spooning on the bed. Sindara was again her normal, calm self and she made a happy little sigh as she pulled his arm tighter against her..

"Ooo... That was just as amazing as D'Sheyn told me it would be."

"I'm glad you liked it," Zalen replied, giving her cheek a kiss.

"And thank you for waiting. I love that you never tried to push me and let me decide when I felt ready."

There was a short silence again.

"I think I still prefer you in my pussy but I'm sure my butt will also want you every now and then!"

She emphasized her words by softly undulating her pretty posterior.

Zalen smiled.

"What about pleasuring your sexy behind with just my fingers?"

"Ooh... I think you can do that any time you want! Your thick cock needs to be a rare treat but your fingers I can definitely handle!"

He grinned, nibbling her earlobe a little.

"And if pleasuring your butt can turn you that wild your butt will definitely get its share of attention!"

Sindara gave a little growl, bumping him with his butt.

"You really bring out new sides in all of us, my love!"