 Giants

"Hullo, little man," the huge voice rumbled.

Zalen jumped, only now realizing that what he had been leaning on was not a tree trunk but a giant's thigh. Had he been standing Zalen's face would have been barely at the height of his kneecaps. He made the demigiantess Zalen had encountered look like a child in comparison.

"Oh, hello. I'm Zalen, known here as Mage of the North."

"Spell guy? Dat's good I 'uess."

Sindara had caught up to Zalen and stopped to look up at the huge man.

"You look quite tired, Mister Giant. Did you get enough sleep?"

The giant shrugged, his eyes drooping a little.

"Just call 'e Drak." He sighed, the sound resembling a storm howling outside. "Tired I am. Mating 'eason. Two wimmyn in my 'erritory. My flesh club sore..."

Zalen wondered briefly whether the giant's way of dropping initial letters from random words was a personal thing or just part of the giant's dialect. Not that it mattered much though.

Sindara leaned closer to Zalen.

"I'd heard the giants have two mating seasons during the year and they only have sex during that time. But I never thought it might be that rough for the males!"

Zalen scratched his beard.

"Hey Drak! What if we help you with those giant women? Will you come and help us build a temple?"

"Sure. Sure. 'nything you need. Just 'eed rest."

"It's a deal. We'll return before sunset with something that will solve your problem!"

Drak just nodded.

Once they were out of earshot Sindara turned to Zalen again.

"So what did you have in mind?"

"I'll visit the carpenter in that town we just passed. If the giant's dick isn't enough then we'll get two more made out of wood. I think I have a spell that will also help."

Sindara looked at him with a raised eyebrow. "Have you been looking through our packs?"

Zalen smiled. "I may have seen Sumi use one of those. Does that mean you all have one?"

"Umm. Yes. I mean, you're not always available..."

Zalen laughed. "Oh, I don't mind. In fact I'd love to watch while you use yours some time!"

Sindara blushed. "Umm. Sure!"

The carpenter had turned out surprisingly reluctant to make two wooden cocks but enough gold did change his mind in the end.

They rented a cart to carry the dick poles and Zalen spent some time casting a permanent enchantment on both of them.

"So what does the spell do?"

"It makes them vibrate when squeezed from the right spot. I think that should make them feel a little less like dead wood."

Sindara was silent for a while.

"Umm. Could you... maybe... do the same for our little toys?"

Zalen smiled. "Of course! Your pleasure is the most important thing for me."

Sindara reached out to touch his hand with a gentle smile. "And that is one of the many reasons we love you so much."

His wife decided not to follow him all the way though and instead veered off to return to the tavern the others were staying in.

"Giants have been known to accidentally step on people. A giant in heat? A little too much danger for my nerves," she had explained.

And once Zalen reached the two female giants he could easily understand her point.

One of them was pacing to and fro with an annoyed look on her face while the other sat down with her hand quite busy inside her ragged skirt. Neither of them even noticed Zalen's approach.

He had first gone to Drak but the giant had just given him directions where to find the two women.

"I'm not going 'nywhere near dose two crazed wimmyn. But if dose tools of yours work den I also keep my 'ord."

So here he was then.

"Hey! Looks to me like you have a problem!"

One of the giant women turned towards Zalen upon hearing him shout.

"Li'l guy! Have you seen a giant 'round 'ere? A male one?"

"No. No, I haven't! But if you need to be satisfied then I have something that can help!"

She just waved dismissively, turning away.

"Not me! These wooden dicks in the cart! They are just as good as a giant's!"

But his words were being ignored.

Zalen sighed. There was probably just one solution to this.

Quickly removing his clothes he grabbed his spell staff and began the incantation.

A moment later he was again growing.

Both giants turned to look at him, their eyes wide.

As the magical effect reached its maximum his head was now roughly at the height of the giant women's chests. Shoot, he had hoped to reach at least equal height.

"Now then, these -"

He didn't get further than that before the two giants had bowled him over, their hands already massaging Zalen's real cock.

It also quickly became apparent that the duo had had plenty of practice doing that. The image of the exhausted male giant popped in Zalen's head. That kind of fatigue would have certainly taken more than a few rounds with these two getting him hard again after each time.

"Damn Kas, 'e has a nice club for such a short fella," the giant with light-brown hair noted as his dick was reaching full hardness. "I'm 'aking him first!"

The other one with darker hair released the tip from her mouth. "Not if I'm faster, Bei!"

Before the other one had time to react Kas had climbed on top of him with surprising speed considering her huge size, then slipping his cock below her ragged skirt.

She leaned forward, pressing her breasts against his face as she pushed down with her hips.

"Curses," the other one growled, beginning to rub her own crotch beside them.

Despite the gigantic breasts blocking most of his view Zalen looked around, trying to locate the cart while the dark haired giantess pounded his cock. 

He finally got sight of the cart and fumbling around with his hand he managed to get his hand on one of wooden poles. Switching it behind his head to the other hand he then turned his head.

Bei was sitting with her thighs wide, rubbing her engorged nub frantically. Unlike humans who had two sets of lips down there it looked like the giants had at least four, most of them extruding like the petals of a flower.

Zalen guided the tip of his makeshift cock in the middle and pushed it in.

"Ouuu!"

The giantess let out a surprised yelp as Zalen began moving the wooden pole deeper. Her surprise gave way to more pleasure-filled sounds as he used the fake dong on her.

Hearing the different kind of moans from the other giant Kas returned upright again to see what was going on. She was still grinding against Zalen though.

"What the fleb is that?"

"Ooo... it feels good..."

Zalen reached over, guiding Bei's hand to the wooden cock's base.

"Now squeeze here," he instructed, squeezing the thing with Bei's fingers. The magic activated and the whole thing began to vibrate inside her.

The giant's eyes went wide.

"Oh sky and the sea, this is... AAAHH..."

"Does it really feel that good?"

"Ohh yes... I'm... 'bout to... cummm..."

Having released the wooden dick to Bei's own hands Zalen leaned over to the other side to reach for the other one.

Kas was still looking at Bei's impending orgasm, riding Zalen almost as an afterthought. He quickly placed the other wooden cock right beside her little nub, squeezing the item to activate it.

The darker haired giantess' mouth went wide and she turned to look down, then at Zalen.

"Oooohhohhoohh," she gasped, her fingers now digging into Zalen's shoulder.

He grabbed her right hand, leading it to hold the vibrating tool.

She came. Hard.

As her body was shaking in the throes of her orgasm, he rolled her to his side and sat up again.

"These wooden cocks are what I wanted to give you."

The two giantesses turned to look at him in a half daze.

"Give us?"

"Yes. If it's the mating season and there's no male giant available you can use those to satisfy yourselves. Just squeeze the base to get them to vibrate and release to make them stop."

"Haaahhh... And you're just 'iving them to 's for free?"

"Well, I do have one request but you can keep those even if you say no."

"What is it then?"

"I need your help building a temple in Two Hills."

The giant women looked at each other.

"We'll 'elp you. On one 'ondition," Kas finally announced.

"What is it?"

The women grinned with almost identical expressions.

"As great as those 'agic cocks are, a real giant also has 'ips. Hands. A 'ot body. Sexy eyes," Kas explained.

"So we'll 'elp you but only if you fuck us."

"And 'ome back tomorrow at 'oon for a new round.

"And the 'ext day."

"That Drak fella won't be 'uch use during the remaining 'eason but you're young and fresh!"

"And have a better cock 'nyway!"

Zalen looked at the giantesses. This whole thing had not worked at all according to his plan. But since he needed them for Vivariel's temple...

"Very well. You have a deal!"

The two huge women smiled, crawling over to kiss him, their hands travelling to caress his cock.

As his cock was again fully hard Bei poked the other giantess in the ribs.

"This time I'm 'irst!"

"Oh all right," Kas muttered as the other huge hottie laid on her back, pulling her knees towards her chest.

"Come, plunge your 'ig guy here!"

She emphasized her words by shoving her middle finger in her cunt. Judging by the sound she was indeed quite wet.

Kas reluctantly released her hold as Zalen moved forward, climbing on top of the waiting woman.

"Just 'lam it in, you hunk," she murmured, smacking her lips as his cock made contact with her cooch. "Aahh... OOH!"

They were soon going at it hot and heavy, the darker haired giantess holding his hips to make sure he maintained his fast pace.

"O-oh..."

This time his spell ending had managed to take him by surprise. By the time he realized what was happening he was already shrinking fast.

He soon found himself laying against her stomach with his feet on the ground. And although his erect cock was still pointing at her crotch it wasn't even close to actually penetrating her anymore.

Bei chuckled, poking Zalen on the chest with two fingers and pushing him upright again.

"Do that spell 'gain, we need more!"

Walking over to his spell staff he began chanting the familiar arcane words.

And as soon as had he returned to giant size he found himself pushed down on the ground with Kas climbing on his hard cock while Bei claimed his face as her seat.

Neither was about to waste time after that either. Both women were grinding against him with horny passion, eager to take full advantage of his offerings. 

"Unnhh... 'ick that cunt... mmhhhmm... "

With Bei in the way he couldn't really hear what Kas was saying but most of it was moans anyway.

Zalen's tongue finally got a rest when Bei stood up but it wasn't a long pause as the giantesses just switched places, Kas now just sitting the other way. 

"Ride him 'ard."

With Kas holding his cock in the correct angle Bei began bouncing on it, this time riding so high that he was constantly slipping just outside of her cunt before she slid down again.

He was doing his best to focus on pleasuring the giant cunt above his face, but with the way the other giantess was using his dick even he couldn't last.

With a vocal groan he shot his load inside Bei's wet cooch.

"Oo I 'ove how that feels," Bei muttered, slipping off his cock.

"The 'ext one's mine," Kas replied, immediately beginning to rub his pole again.

And a moment later Bei's lips joined in.

And as he had assumed, the giant duo didn't rest until he was indeed hard again and Kas got to mount his thick rod.

As the time went on the giantesses kept alternating on him, riding him like he was the fastest horse in the country and they were in a race against time.

"Umm, the sun is starting to set," Zalen noted as Bei's body was once again shaking on top of him, the aftershocks of another orgasm raking her body.

"Ooh, no wonder my thighs are 'etting tired," Kas muttered, leaning back.

Bei also climbed off him, stretching her legs.

"Aah, so are mine."

"I think I'd better head out now," Zalen announced, ending the spell and going to retrieve his staff and clothes.

"Tomorrow 'gain," Kas reminded, looking at the now human-sized mage with a smile.

"Be 'ere before noon or the deal is off," Bei added.

Sindara and D'Sheyn were waiting for him back at the tavern.

Sindara noticed his arrival first.

"How did it go? Did your little gifts do the trick?"

"Well... yes and no. They did work and the giants definitely liked them. But I still have to go back the next two days to participate if I want their help."

Sindara pursed her lips. "Sounds like a... giant problem."

Zalen aimed a level look at his buxom wives who tried to look solemn but not very successfully.

He rolled his eyes and walked past the duo. "Very amusing. Now I really need to rest."

"Of course, my love. It's going to be a big day tomorrow," D'Sheyn added.

His groan was followed by helpless giggling from behind him.