 Big Fun

The next day he returned to the location before noon, as they had agreed. He'd eaten a big lunch, knowing fully well he probably wouldn't get much of a break with the giants.

The duo were indeed already putting his vibrating gifts to good use and didn't notice the approaching human.

He took his time casting the growth spell with maximal duration in the hope it would not run out in the middle of the action.

He then placed his staff out of the way where no-one would steal it or step on it but where he could quickly get to it if needed.

"There he is, Kas!"

And just in time. The duo was already moving towards him with eyes full of lust.

Well, one thing was sure. If he wanted to last long enough to satisfy the horny duo, he couldn't allow them to set the pace like had happened yesterday.

Grabbing Kas into a kiss to distract her he pulled her to the side, rolling her underneath him. He then quickly slipped his hand around Bei, grabbing her big butt and pulling her forward.

"Get on top of her!"

"Oo, Kas. Sounds like he 'as a plan!"

Bei did indeed climb on top of Kas, allowing Zalen to slip his fingers inside both pussies.

"I want your cock, your 'ingers won't be enough," Bei murmured.

"Wanna bet?"

Before the giantess had time to reply he had already added a fourth finger inside her.

"Ohh, are you... OOHhh!"

Kas looked at her friend questioningly.

"What did he -"

A moment later she received her reply as Zalen began working his fist inside her, just like he had done with the giantess on top.

"Whaahhaa... I didn't know you 'ould do thisss," Kas gasped as he finally got in all the way to his wrist.

"Mwaaaa...," Bei replied, her head tilted far back.

Slowly wiggling his fists inside the lustful duo he grinned.

"Feel good, doesn't it? Let's see how many times I can get you to the top this way!"

And with that he began moving his arms.

"Whhaaa... by the seas it 'eels good..." Kas moaned.

"Ohh yesss..."

As he had suspected, it didn't take long for the first of the duo to orgasm. With Kas hitting her peak and doing so loud enough that it could probably be heard in the closest villages, Zalen focused his attention on Bei who was clearly getting close as well.

"Fuck yess... shove it in there... MwaaAAhhh..."

With his fist pumping inside her drenched cunt the the giantess on top hit her orgasm, letting out a long, deep moan.

Despite both women having hit their peak Zalen wasn't about to let them even think about changing position. He kept pumping both giantesses from behind, slowing down a little after the first orgasms but then speeding up again. They seemed to be feeding off each other's pleasure, hitting their next peak almost at the same time.

When his growth spell finally began fizzling out he had lost count how many times the two giants had cum. Both were just moaning weakly as Zalen returned to normal size and headed towards his staff.

Still, by the time he'd retrieved it, taken a quick gulp from his water flask and recast his maximized growth spell the two giantesses were already facing him with lusty grins.

"We 'ant your cock 'lready," Kas growled, grabbing his crotch.

Zalen smiled.

"Very well. The first one on all fours gets it first!"

Both giantesses immediately whirled around, dropping down with a thud that sent up a cloud of dust.

"Kas won," Zalen announced, lining up his dick with the darker haired woman's waiting cooch.

As he slid his cock in he quickly grabbed the enchanted cock Kas had slipped below her belt.

With the giantess fully focused on his cock now plunging deep inside her he slid the tip at her tighter entrance and began slowly pushing it inside.

"Ahhaaahh... nnnghh... are you... aahh..."

Beside them Bei was looking at Kas and her expression, then turned to peek at what Zalen was doing and then turned to look at Kas again.

"Does that feel good?"

"Aahhh... yess oh yesss... nnhhh..."

Zalen grinned at Bei. "Hand me yours and you can get to try it yourself!"

Bei took one more look at Kas and her blissful expression and then quickly crawled forwards to reach for her wooden toy that was laying on the ground.

Crawling back he handed it over to Zalen and then resumed the same position as Kas.

Slipping the wooden cock first inside the giantess' drenched cunt he then positioned it over her tighter entrance.

"Unnnnhhh..." Bei moaned as he began slowly sliding it in.

"Aahhh... I've never 'elt this full," Kas whispered, with her toy now as deep as he could easily get it. His dick was still lazily sliding in and out of her cooch.

Slipping his cock out of Kas he instead moved behind Bei, sliding his cock in her cunt below the fake one.

"Unnhhaaaaahhh..."

And so it went, with Zalen using the wooden cocks to do most of the work and just maintained a relaxed pace with his real dick, alternating inside the duo.

"I really need to eat something now," Zalen finally announced. Besides, his growth spell was going to run out soon enough anyway.

"Haaahhh..." Bei moaned.

"Go on then. We can wait a 'ittle," Kas added. "There's still plenty of time 'eft..."

Zalen looked up. It was indeed just mid-afternoon. And even though the duo looked a little exhausted now, he had a feeling they'd be all over him soon enough.

And indeed, he was still chewing down the last of his meal when two gigantic legs suddenly thumped on the ground around him.

"Come on 'lready, I'm 'etting too horny to wait!"

Turning his head he saw it had been Bei. She was sitting behind Zalen, her legs encircling him. Taking a quick look around he realized his staff was now on the other side of her thigh.

"Umm, I need that staff of mine to cast the growth spell!"

"I don't wanna wait," Bei whispered, pulling him closer with her huge hand. "I 'eed you nowww!"

With her cunt now spread open right in front of him, it was easy enough to figure out what she wanted.

Compared to the demigiant she was so much bigger that there was no point in trying to fist her drenched cunt. Still, her clit was still more than suitable size for his hands.

Starting to give it a two hand massage he heard Bei moan appreciatively. And a moment later Kas's voice.

"Damn you, Bei! Stop stealing 'm like that! Let him 'ast his spell first, we can't even feel his cock if he's that size!"

"Mmmm... Just a moment... this 'eels... good..."

Kas mumbled something and a moment later Zalen heard a clatter behind him.

"There's your staff. Now, the spell?"

"Sorry Bei, I'm casting the spell first."

The giantess released him reluctantly, allowing him to begin the arcane act.

A little while later he was again growing to giant size.

Bei had already raised to her knees and by the time he was at the maximum size, the giantess had already captured his cock in her mouth and was helping him to full hardness again.

Once he was she stood up, guiding his cock inside her eager cunt. Her strong hands had grabbed his butt and she began moving his hips, setting the pace for the frenzied act to follow.

It was also pretty much the turning point as after that point the two giantesses pretty much held the reins. They had him fuck them standing up, then pulled him on top, sucking him hard again when he came.

By the time they let him leave he was again completely exhausted.

This time the ones who were there when he arrived were Kity and Dinah.

"Wow, you really look like you've given your all today!"

"He really does," Kity added. "Here, let me!"

Before Zalen had time to protest the darker skinned woman had lifted him on her back and was carrying him to his room.

Inside the duo gently but swiftly undressed him and then ushered him into bed.

He gave an exhausted sigh as Kity threw the blanket over him.

"Thank you. I love you both."

"We love you too."

He closed his eyes and heard the door open and then close.

To his surprise he then felt someone crawling underneath the blanket. Someone naked.

"Whuh?"

"It's just me," Dinah murmured. "Don't worry, I know you're too tired for teasing right now. I just wanted to be with you for a while."

Zalen nodded, leaning forward to kiss her cheek.

"Ok. I love having you there."

A moment later the door opened again. And once more someone lifted the blanket, this time behind him.

"It's me, Jazmyn. Just sleep normally."

He felt like he should have replied but it was just... too... sometngsbh...

*

The next time Zalen opened his eyes it was already... breasts?

"Good morning!"

Dinah noticed his expression and giggled, shaking her boobs that were indeed right in front of Zalen's face.

"Looks like someone's more than ready for the new day," Jazmyn added, wrapping her hand around Zalen's waist and grabbing his morning wood.

"Too bad we need to save it for those giants."

Zalen smiled, giving Dinah's right nipple a kiss.

"I'll make it up to you two when I return unless I'm totally worn out.

Hey, that reminds me! Sindara mentioned you all have some kind of a toy to entertain yourself when you're horny."

The two women looked at each other. "Yes?"

"Once I get dressed, I'll come and cast the same vibrating enchantment on them as I did for the giants. That should make them feel a little better."

The duo squealed with delight, hopping out of bed and as soon as they were dressed they were out the door.

A short while later he entered the next room where all his wives and D'Sheyn had gathered.

On the table sat quite the array of fake cocks. Some of them were glass, some of them highly polished wood and one seemed to be made of some softer material.

Some were totally smooth, some were shaped to have a wider tip like a real cock.

The sizes also varied. A few were rather travel-sized and most of them looked to be of similar relative size than the ones he'd made for the giants.

There was also one that was clearly bigger than the rest. It was made of some type of wood he couldn't quite recognize and was about as thick as his own cock when fully erect. It was even longer than his though.

Zalen picked it up, looking at the circle of women with an amused smile.

"Kity."

"Kity."

"Kity."

Kity giggled, giving Zalen a wink. "Well now you know why I was so thrilled when Sumi first described your cock!"

One by one he cast the vibration enchantment on the fake dicks, then demonstrated how to activate the spell effect.

"Ok, now I need to get something to eat and then head to meet the giants again. At least this is the last day."

"Have fun!"

"We know we will," Mirada added, looking towards the table with a smile.

Quite a bit later he arrived again in the place he had last met the giantesses.

This time it took him a while to locate the duo as they turned out to be lounging behind a nearby hill.

And unlike the previous day they didn't look quite as - well, desperate for sex.

Still, he again cast the growth spell and a moment later he was again growing to gigantic proportions, once again fully nude.

The duo turned towards him, with Kas licking her lips.

"Oo... Mating 'eason may be almost over but just looking at 'm is still turning me on."

"I know what you mean," Bei added. "I'm going to suck him 'ard and then I'll ride 'm one more time!"

"Me too! Except I think I want to try 'iding him with my butt and with this in 'y cunt!"

Kas wiggled the wooden cock in her hand for emphasis.

Bei chuckled. "I don't think my butt can 'ake him after yesterday. Can I ride 'm first then?"

"Sure. Break the ground!"

Bei walked up to him, kissing him as she wrapped one arm behind his neck and the other slipped down to caress his cock.

It didn't take long for him to get hard again, thanks to her passionate kisses and skillful hands.

"Now lay down," the giantess murmured. "I'm going to ride you so 'ard my cunt will remember your cock till the next matin' season!"

And as her pussy engulfed his thick member it soon became apparent she hadn't just been exaggerating.

She was pounding her hips down so hard that the ground shook. Their sex had already caused a minor rock slide down the slight incline Zalen was laying on and she was still just increasing her pace.

"Oomh... Oomh... aahh..." Bei moaned as she rode him hard.

"O-oh..."

The ground underneath them suddenly lurched. Zalen barely had time to throw his hands wide before the ground gave way.

For a fleeting moment he felt himself falling but luckily the distance hadn't been long and his head had pretty much remained in its original position.

Bei had seemed even less fazed about the sudden drop as she just adjusted her position and resumed her heavy ride, bouncing on him like nothing unusual had happened.

Even Kas just chuckled, as if this was a perfectly normal event for them.

And given their size it might perfectly well be.

Bei's wild ride was also making her approach her peak quite rapidly. Her moans were getting more and more vocal, her expression more blissful.

She came, her whole body shaking from the onslaught of pleasure. For a moment she just gasped there but then she rolled off him, laying down on her back, with a small happy smile on her face.

He didn't get much of a break before Kas approached him. 

"Hold this for a moment," the giantess said, handing the wooden cock to him as she squatted down on him.

Guiding his slickened cock towards her other hole she slid down.

"OooOOooo... It feels even 'etter than that wood cock..."

Once she was third of the way in she raised her hips a little, grabbed Zalen's wrist and pulled it closer, aligning the wooden cock with her waiting pussy. Then she slid down once more, getting filled up by both cocks at once.

"Fuuuuck it 'eels good!"

Down she slid, getting his cock as deep in her butt. Her hips met his.

"OoOOOooo... I haven't even moved and I 'eel so close 'lready!"

Zalen grinned - and squeezed the base of the wooden dick.

"O-o-o-ooooOOOOHHH!"

Kas hit her peak, her body doing one forceful jolt.

With shaky hands she pushed herself up before collapsing next to Zalen.

Both giants were now laying there and were again looking completely relaxed.

"Bei. First matin' season where I had enough!"

"Mm-mm. And from a human 'age!"

Zalen had ended his spell and he was again normal sized. He was still hard but since the giantesses had clearly had enough he might as well save his strength for later, especially given the promise he'd given Jazmyn and Dinah. He would have to take a bath first though.

"So will you help with building the temple?"

"Of course," Kas replied. "We need a week to eat and 'ecover but after that 'e can go where you need us!"

"The temple will be built at Two Hills. There's still one more problem I need to solve before that but you can probably head there anyway. Just... don't cause any trouble there."

"If the 'umans don't bother us, we won't bother 'em. And if you 'ake sure there's food for us there 'e won't need to go anywhere else."

"I can arrange that, no problem."

After leaving the duo he went to look for Drak and eventually found him.

"Hullo, little man."

"Did you get enough rest?"

"Slept for two days! Feeling better 'an ever!"

The giant grinned. "You 'elped me, I'll 'elp you! Just tell me where to go!"

"Two Hills. Kas and Bei agreed to come help as well. I'll arrange food to be delivered there."

"Great! Wimmyn good company when not matin' season!"