 Fairies

"Oo, just like that..."

The branch rustled as Sumi was grinding her crotch against his face, her upper body leaning on the branch.

"It feels so good," she moaned. "Now lick my clit!"

Zalen was more than happy to do so and it didn't take long before she came, her body jolting against him as she nearly fell.

"Thank you. I can't wait for my real turn," she purred, giving Zalen a quick kiss before heading back to the camp.

As there weren't any other men travelling with them she had asked him for something extra. And so they'd been slipping daily away for some quick fun, mostly involving his tongue and fingers.

Just as he was about to head after her he heard a sound from above him.

On the higher branch was sitting a tiny creature with wings.

"A fairy?"

He'd read about the creatures but had never seen one.

This one was definitely female though, considering her curves.

The fairy made another skittering sound. It sounded a little like speech, just way too fast for him make any sense of it.

Hmm, perhaps...

He quickly cast another spell he'd never really needed before.

"Can you understand me?"

"I-sure-can, why-would-I-not? And-finally-you-talk-like-a-person-instead-of-a-sleepy-mountain!"

Yep, she had in fact spoken Common, just way too fast for his ears to follow.

"Ah, just a moment."

Another attempt, slightly modifying his previous spell.

"Now this should do it."

"What did you do? Was it a spell?"

"Yes it was. Without it you talk too fast for me to understand."

"Ah. So that's why nobody ever understands what we say!"

"Well now I do. I'm Zalen. Nice to meet you."

"Yay, I'm Ri. So what were you two doing just now? She looked like she really enjoyed it!"

Zalen paused. "Umm, are you an adult or a child? I'm not familiar enough with fairies to tell."

"An adult of course! Are you blind? Look at these breasts!"

As the spell was slowing down her replies he got to see her jiggling her little melons way before he heard her say 'breasts'.

"My apologies. Then you know about sex, right?"

"Of course. There's always animals mating in the forests."

"But you haven't had any yourself?"

"Of course not. There is always just one male fairy in each forest and he's kept quite busy by the Queen."

"Only one male? What if he dies?"

"Then we perform a sacred ritual and the next child that will be born will be a male.

But what you did didn't look like sex! You never even took out your penis!"

Zalen chuckled. Well, he hadn't expected to have to explain this to a creature that was small enough to use his palm as a chair but he was the priest of a sex goddess, wasn't he? So explaining these things was pretty much his duty.

"Well, what we did was called oral sex. It's something you can do in addition to normal sex. It doesn't lead to a child, you can use just your tongue and lips and possibly fingers. And it feels amazing."

The fairy looked thoughtful. "Oo, that sounds great! How does it work?"

"Well, you know how the part between your thighs feels good when you rub it? I used my lips and tongue to caress that part."

"Ooo..."

The fairy paused. "I want to try it!"

"Umm, you might be a bit too small -"

"Phooey! Just stick your tongue out! I'll do the rest!"

Zalen stared at the fairy not knowing what to say but after a moment he shrugged and stuck out his tongue. The winged creature immediately darted closer and the next moment the tip of his tongue made contact with her. She had placed her hands against his forehead for support, her wings flapping to keep her in place. She looked like she was wearing a tiny yellow dress, but what it was made of he could not tell.

"Oomm... This does feel good," she mumbled, rubbing her crotch against the tip of his tongue.

"What are you doing Ri?" 

The new voice belonged to another fairy who was hovering nearby.

"Is it fun?"

"This is Zalen... ouummm... and we are doing oral sex! Aahhhh... And it feels amazing!"

"Oo, I want to try it next!"

A third voice came from the one that had landed on Zalen's shoulder, watching Ri's little show.

Ri was already rubbing herself quite enthusiastically against his tongue and it didn't take long until she hit the peak, falling from the shock. As she crawled back up from the mound of moss the other fairies piped up:

"Are you ok?"

"What happened?"

"Why did you fall?"

Looking around there now at least a dozen fairies around him, each wearing bright, tiny dresses. Otherwise the fairies looked startlingly alike. Perhaps they were just too small for Zalen to see any differences but as it was he wouldn't have been able to tell them apart without the dress colors.

"OOH that was UN-BE-LIE-vable!"

"Me next!"

"Me!"

"No, me!"

As the fairies squabbled over who got to go next Zalen sat down against a tree, both because he guessed he might have to stay here for a while and so that the fairies would not hurt themselves if the same thing happened again.

And a while it certainly it took. One by one the fairies took their places on his tongue, used it to reach the peak and often fell on his robe as the orgasm knocked them out for a moment. Some twice.

Zalen noted one particular fairy in a skimpy red dress who took four turns before Zalen finally had to rest his tongue.

"Noo, we still wanted to continue," cried another one.

By now there were at least sixteen fairies in the clearing.

"I really need to go now. But hey, everyone of you has a tongue too!"

There was a sudden silence as the fairies looked at each other.

By the time Zalen was walking back towards the camp, the little clearing was again full of moaning fairies, now quite busy with each other.