 Information Gathering

With a sigh Zalen sat down by the others.

"Well, the good news is that now I probably know how to win over Xudaal. The bad news is that it's still quite dangerous."

"What? How?"

Zalen sat down, facing Mirada and the others.

"During the wild sex with those giants we ended up breaking the ceiling of an old, buried chamber of some kind. Well, once I was back to my normal size I got curious so I returned to peek inside and found this strange lamp.

I took it with me but once I returned here I was a bit - preoccupied." The twins giggled at his choice of words. "And afterwards I was quite tired and I forgot all about the lamp.

Well, today I was looking for something else and I came across the lamp again. And as I was wiping it to make out the inscription, some kind of a woman appeared. Or she looked like a woman except that she was just smoke below her thighs."

"A genie," Mirada replied.

"Really? You'll have to tell me about them later, I'm not sure I've happened to read about them yet."

"But what happened?"

"Yes. Well, the genie then queried what I wished - either from her or in general, I'm not sure. I was still a little surprised about the genie's sudden appearance so I just blurted out the truth: that I wished to find out how to get the moon dragon Xudaal to give me half of her treasure."

Mirada blinked, turning to look at Dimianne. "Well, that was lucky. What did she say?"

"She told me that Xudaal has always had an unusual problem. Moon dragons are normally highly sexual but she, unlike her kind, was never able to have an orgasm. So helping her get one would be the only thing worth half her treasure to her."

Mirada looked at him quietly. "And what happened next? With the genie?"

Zalen looked aside, scratching his cheek.

"Well, I have to admit I was a bit distracted by the fact that for a magical being she was wearing very little and she certainly had the body for it. So I remember thinking that I wished she were free and willing to share my bed tonight. But I must have said it aloud since she just smiled, said 'So be it' and vanished again into thin air. I know she's not back in the lamp, there's no more any sign of magic on it."

Mirada was staring at him with her mouth agape.

"So you're saying you used your three wishes like that?"

"Umm... what do you mean, my three wishes?"

"Ah, you're not from around here..."

Dimianne chuckled, tapping Zalen's shoulder. "He'll find out soon enough."

After that neither Mirada nor Dimianne were willing to tell him about genies, both claiming he'd have to wait until tomorrow for some reason.

Still, there was a more urgent question to solve anyway. How to give a dragon an orgasm.

He had ended up discussing the issue with his wives.

Sumi was tapping her lips.

"Xudaal can turn into human shape, right? Or were you planning to use a spell to turn into a dragon?"

Dimianne shook her head. "Dragons do usually mate in their real form but dragon anatomy is far less sensitive. So it's better to let her turn into her human shape. Well, elven shape actually."

"Is that enough? I don't mean to doubt your skills my love but..."

"Yeah, that's what I was wondering too," Zalen replied. "She's never had an orgasm and she's a dragon. So it might well turn out to be too hard for me."

Kity tapped her cheek with a finger.

"What about the first wine we all drank at the elven party? Didn't it have some mixture in it to make you last longer?"

"Yeah, and it was very effective too."

"I could probably travel back to En'fal'ellian with Leilah and bring back some of that wine."

Sumi had been looking thoughful but suddenly perked up.

"What about the fireseed oil? The oil you used during the ritual to free Vivariel?"

Mirada nodded. "I can track down more of it. It would definitely help as well."

Jazmyn giggled. 

"There's also the obvious solution. Just find another goddess and have sex with her. If the divine aftershock isn't enough to give Xudaal an orgasm then nothing will!"

It was already rather late before Zalen finally got to bed.

Kity, Leilah and Mirada had left to get the wine mixture and the fireseed oil and Zalen had spent the evening talking with Dimianne about dragons.

He had just closed his eyes when he felt a soft touch.

Floating above the bed was the genie he had encountered earlier.

"You are a strange man," she murmured.

"I've lost count how many times I've had to give someone their three wishes, but they've always been about gold and power. And often something way beyond my power to fulfill."

The genie paused, looking amused at Zalen's confused expression. Three wishes? Fulfill? Did that mean...

"Your first wish did follow the same line, even if others would have just asked for the gold directly. Of course they would then have had to deal with an angry dragon but nevertheless.

But then you used your second wish to free me from my captivity! I have only once heard someone do that and even that is probably just an old tale. And you set me free on your second wish so I would no longer have to even listen for the third one."

The genie paused again. He felt another soft touch, this time on his inner thigh. 

There wasn't anything there though, unless the genie's thighs didn't just turn into smoke but the rest was just invisible.

And apparently his blanket had been pulled to the side as he slept, probably by the genie.

"Which brings me to your third wish. You had set me free so you knew your third wish no longer had power but you still asked for me. And just for one night."

The unseen touch slowly slid higher.

"I am now free to go anywhere and to do anything but until I decide where to start I might as well fulfill your third wish just for fun."

Her invisible toes were now caressing his cock directly.

"How do you want me to look? Do you prefer bigger breasts? Or small and perky ones? Someone short or tall?"

As she listed options, her appearance was changing accordingly.

"Or is there anyone particular you have always wanted in your bed?"

"Well... you! The reason I blurted out that third wish was because I found you so attractive!"

The genie smiled. "Very well then."

Sitting up Zalen used his hands to locate the invisible legs still playing with his cock. He started caressing them with his hands.

"They feel so smooth..."

The genie smiled. Suddenly the smoky part began to glimmer and it was like a hundred fireflies had descended on her thighs. The sparkles gave way to skin and more and more her came into view until he could fully see her toes now sliding along his hardening cock.

"...and look beautiful too!"

"Why thank you!"

With the genie still hovering above his bed his mouth quickly found its way between her thighs and underneath the glittery, very short skirt she was wearing. What really surprised him was the fact that her mound was faintly glittery as well, like she had just rolled in fairy dust. Well, he had already had actual fairies riding his tongue so why not?

The genie let out a little 'Eeh' as he dove in with his lips.

Even if her cooch wasn't actually covered with anything unusual, licking it was making him feel like he was floating. No, wait! He was now actually floating, if just barely above the bed.

The second strange thing was that her body didn't feel fully solid. Every time he pressed more with his tongue it felt like his tongue first sunk a little inside her skin before returning to the surface. Still, she tasted good and the more he licked, the more little 'Eee' sounds she kept making.

The genie's toes suddenly released their hold on Zalen's rod and the next moment she had turned upside down, her lips now continuing where her toes had left off.

Even though she was now the other way around he wasn't about to let that slow him down and he eagerly resumed his earlier meal as her mouth danced along his cock.

With the genie now floating in front of him his hands were free to caress her back and her sexy buttocks. And again he felt the same initial slip-through he had noticed with his tongue.

The thighs around his face suddenly gave him a quick squeeze and the next thing he noticed she was floating away from him.

The genie stopped in midair in the middle of the room, laying on her side with her butt towards Zalen and her knees folded, leaving her crotch in perfect view.

"I want to experience this now," she murmured, eyeing his erect cock unabashedly.

Zalen stood up, pressing his feet again on the ground and then walking towards the magical beauty.

"So beautiful," he murmured, guiding his member on her little cave of wonders.

"Eeehh..." she let out another quiet but high-pitched moan.

He'd pushed just a little way in and now he pulled back. Then again slightly in and back out.

After nine teasing little thrusts he suddenly pushed deeper.

"Ohhhhh..." the genie gasped as his cock filled him completely - and then retreated again.

He returned to doing those small, short movements. She was squirming a little in anticipation.

After eight short thrusts he again pushed all the way in, this time doing two long ones in a row and getting rewarded with another enticing gasp from her.

And so he continued. Seven short ones, followed by three long thrusts. Six and four. Five and five.

"Eeehhh, this is truly the greater kind of magic," she announced before letting out another high-pitched moan.

From someone else her high-pitched sounds would have sounded like sounds of pain but with her blissful expression it was clear that they were indeed sounds of pleasure.

By the time Zalen had reached two and eight he finally stopped counting and instead began fucking her properly.

She had shown surprising agility by spontaneously doing a split, allowing him to grab her upwards pointing thigh to keep her in place while her other thigh pointed straight down.

The room was quickly filled by the wet sounds of their primeval activity and her passionate moans. 

Even though she was floating on her side, she still had her head tilted slightly to look at him with sultry eyes.

Suddenly she raised her hand and wiggled her fingers a little.

The next thing he noticed was the room moving. Wait, it was actually them that moved!

The genie's wordless spell had again made him float and little by little was turning him horizontal with the genie now above him.

As he slowed down, releasing the hold on her thigh, the genie promptly switched to a sitting position.

She was now half riding, half grinding her hips against his erect cock and her hand had slipped between her thighs.

"You look so sexy on me," Zalen murmured. "Pleasuring yourself like that."

"Eeehhh... Mmmhhh..."

He didn't know whether it was his words or the position that was having the greater effect but her movements had suddenly become way more frantic, her expression way more full of pleasure.

And as her hips used his cock like a sex toy he realized he was feeling the same effect inside her he had noticed with his hands and tongue. Like his cock was constantly slightly slipping through the walls lining her pussy and then getting pushed back.

It felt slightly odd to him but it didn't seem to faze her. More like the opposite, at least based on the speed she was now racing to the top with.

"I'm... eeehhh... cum... eehh... cumm... aahhahhhh... CUMMINGGGG!"

But even though her body began a series of shocks from the pleasure, her ride was still maintaining the exact same rhythm.

And as her orgasm kept going she slipped the hand that had been rubbing her own crotch downwards, wrapping the fingers around his cock. 

"Feel it too," she whispered.

And indeed, suddenly he was somehow feeling the same pleasure shocks as she did, not from her cooch squeezing down on him but also inside his thick member.

He hit his peak like a wall. With his dick pumping its load inside her she smiled blissfully, finally stopping as well.

After a while the genie climbed off him, leaning down to give Zalen one more kiss.

"That was actually the first time I have ever done that. I have secretly watched my owners do it all with all those women and I always wondered how it would feel."

"Did you like it then?"

The genie smiled. "Ohh, I think I did!"

She gave Zalen's spent cock a kiss as well.

"My name is Aya. Thank you for everything!"

And just like that she was gone.

He felt the float spell begin to fade and he just had time to twist his feet underneath him before it ended and he dropped back on the floor.

So he had had three wishes and he could have asked for almost anything.

Zalen smiled. His choices may have been accidental but he was still more than happy with what he had received.