 The Tail Effect

"Well now we have the land then," Zalen announced as he met the others back at the tavern. He got a round of cheers and a few quick kisses from his wives.

"Yay!"

"Well done!"

Dimianne looked at Zalen with a knowing smile.

"Soo... how did the pirate queen reward you?"

"Well... They both did actually."

"Ha! Even better then," she chuckled.

"Bah, didn't get her in your harem though," Jazmyn noted. "So where are we going next?"

"Tomorrow morning we'll need to start searching for giants. We're supposed to find a couple of them to help building the temple."

"I've heard there's a few of them north east," Leilah remarked.

"Well done, Leilah. That helps a lot! We'll travel there then tomorrow."

Zalen yawned. "But right now I'm heading to my room."

He turned his gaze on Dimianne. "Say Di, could you come with me? There's one thing I've been meaning to talk to you about."

"Sure!"

"We'll mark tonight as your turn then," Sindara winked at the succubus.

In his room Di hopped on his bed, then took a sexy pose on his bed.

"So what did you want to talk about? Is it professional curiosity or do you have a fantasy you wish to fulfill?"

Zalen sat next to the succubus.

"Di - You've now been in your current form ever since the elven city and before that you looked like the peasant girl. I was wondering... Could I see you in your real form again?"

She blinked.

"Are you sure? Most men find it... less than pleasing."

Zalen nodded.

"Yes. I'm sure."

"Well, in that case..."

She snapped her fingers and her appearance changed. She was again looking demonic, with her skin dark red and two small horns amidst her hair.

Zalen touched her dark tail, slowly running his hands along it.

She bit her lip, clearly enjoying his touch.

"I think you look beautiful like this as well," Zalen remarked, getting a shy smile in return. "Different sure, but beautiful."

Zalen's fingers had reached the tip of her tail and she squirmed as he caressed it.

"Mmm... touching my tail like that makes my butt tingle."

"It does? In that case..."

He moved his other hand on her tail as well, running it through his fingers.

"Oo... if you keep doing that... I will need you there tonight," she moaned.

Zalen grinned, lifting the tail to his lips and capturing the tip in between his lips. It tasted a bit leathery but certainly not bad.

"Well, why don't you stay in that form tonight and I can give both your tail and your butt all the attention they need!"

The succubus moaned harder.

"I don't know if this is what they call love, but I know I'm just so happy you're the one who saved me!"

Dimianne began undressing him as he continued caressing her tail. Once they were both nude she pressed herself against Zalen's chest. Kissing the succubus he kept one hand on her tail - and then slipped the other hand down on her butt.

She let out a low growl, kissing him eagerly, her hands seeking out his cock. She pushed him back so he was sitting on his legs and then moved on his lap guiding his thick rod inside her - just as he pushed his finger in her other hole. Another growl.

As he slid his finger deeper in her tighter cave he quickly noticed one thing: even without an external lubricant she felt slightly slippery. Oily.

Even though she wasn't yet moving much she was using her internal muscles to massage his hard member. And she was still squirming lightly, even more so as he began wiggling the tip of her tail between his fingers.

She was murmuring something between their kisses. It took him a while to recognize the language.

"Demonic?"

Dimianne gave a start at his words. "Did I? Aahhh... I'm sorry, you feel so good I'm forgetting where I am!"

Zalen kissed her again.

"Oh I don't mind." He began pumping his finger in and out of her. "That's pretty much my goal here."

She let out a little growl, starting to move her hips. She had wrapped her arms around him and her nails were lightly digging into his back.

As the demonic beauty kept riding him he used his finger in the opposite rhythm, filling her butt every time his cock retreated and vice versa.

Dimianne suddenly stopped, locking her hungry gaze with Zalen's.

"Pull out your hand," she whispered in a husky tone.

He did as instructed - and as soon as his finger plopped out of her she raised herself up and went down again in a different angle. She moaned as his cock began invading where his finger had just been. Her tail was shivering as he sank deeper and deeper. He was actually surprised just how easily her butt seemed to accept his thick member - but then again, she was a succubus who were kinda made for sex.

Having gotten him all the way in, Dimianne wiggled her hips against him with a cute little smile on her lips. Then she again mumbled something in Demonic, too low for him to make out, and began moving her hips up and down.

With the horny demoness now riding him this way he focused on kissing and licking the side of her neck. He still had the tip of her tail trapped between his fingers and he was idly fiddling with it as he otherwise caressed her back and sides with his hands.

Dimianne's movements were slowly increasing, her mumbling again giving way to heavier breathing.

Feeling something trickling on him he slipped his hand between them.

"Oh? Does having me in your butt really make you this wet?"

"Yess..."

Little by little her riding was getting more passionate, more driven.

On a whim Zalen slipped the tip of her tail again in his mouth and gently bit down on it.

The succubus growled, raking her nails down his back.

Their lips met in a fierce kiss - and he suddenly bowled her on her back.

Raising his upper body again upright he began fucking her in earnest, his hard cock sliding deep in her butt again and again.

"Take me... aahh... fuck me... ohh.. fill me with your cock..." Dimianne whispered amidst her moans. "OOhhh... Ravage me... My body is yours..."

In addition to his cock thrusting into her she was now also ramming three of her fingers inside her wetter entrance, frantically pleasuring herself as her pleasure kept climbing towards the peak.

Her wild desire was also affecting him and Dimianne seemed to sense that, her eyes now going wide and her tone suddenly changing.

"Please... I need it... I need your essence... Spurt it all deep inside me!"

He couldn't have lasted much longer even if he tried, not with the way her insides were milking his throbbing cock.

As his dick began shooting its load within her butt, Dimianne let out one last ragged moan before collapsing with a blissful smile upon her face.

With both of them now rather exhausted Zalen was just laying there, watching Dimianne's nude form next to him.

"You do look very beautiful like this as well."

The succubus smiled.

"Thank you. You look quite sexy yourself, my stud."

"The next time we end up in bed you can look like that if you want."

Dimianne poked him in the chest.

"Oh no. The next time I want to try something different! So if you see a cute shopkeeper or a tavern maid or someone else that catches your eye, let me know! I want to act out some sexy little fantasy of yours for once!"

Zalen smiled. "Sounds fun. We'll do that then."

*

The search for the giants turned out to be a little trickier than expected. Every time they asked someone new about the giants' location the directions were always different. North. No, east. North west. No, north east. 

Still, little by little they were getting closer.

In yet another town they had stopped to talk with a local merchant.

"So I heard somebody saw giants. Do you have any idea where?"

The man went pale. "The giants? Oh, they're nearby all right, just behind Ander Rock north east from here. You really don't want to go anywhere near them right now. It's their mating season and they don't pay any attention to their surroundings while they're at it! You'll be flattened just by accident!"

Zalen thanked the merchant and went to share the news with the others. As this was the first time with anything more than just vague directions they had to be getting close!