 The Two Queens

"You have requested an audience," the Queen of Mezeria intoned, sounding rather distant. She was wearing a long, regal gown, a golden tiara and a strange amulet with a swirly design.

It had been a long and uneventful trip but at least they had finally reached the capital city and even gained an audience with the Queen.

"Greetings, Your Majesty," Zalen replied with a courtly bow. "Tales of your beauty clearly weren't exaggerated."

The Queen sat there, ignoring Zalen's little comment. Well, he hadn't sensed any interest in the first place but she was beautiful and a small compliment rarely hurt.

"What do you want?"

Well, straight to the point then.

"We wish to build a grand temple for the Veiled Rose at Two Hills. Those lands belong to the crown so we came here."

The Queen was silent again. Suddenly she tilted her head.

"I will grant you the land on one condition. The Pirate Queen known as Mai of the Storms stole a magic ring from me. Bring it back and you can have what you asked.

Now go, the audience is over."

The guards escorted him out, leaving him a little confused. He'd met his share of royalty already but none had been that curt and distant. And she hadn't even given him any details on what the ring looked like!

Oh well. It was time to gather some information then.

*

A week later the group was travelling along the coast.

"If she's really a pirate queen then won't we need to search for her out on the seas?"

"I sure hope not," Sindara replied to Mirada's question. "Besides, if what Leilah heard in the last town was true, the pirate ship might still be anchored in the Three Oak Cove."

"If she is still there then I think I will try to approach her by myself. There is a chance I might be able to negotiate with her Vivariel's way and if it works I'd rather not leave you alone with the crew."

"Really?"

Zalen turned, staring at the wide grins of Dimianne and Sumi.

He chuckled. "Point taken. Still, as much fun as you might have there, if I do need to use my magic to escape, I'd rather not take the risk of accidentally hitting you as well."

"Spoilsport. We'll wait here then," Kity replied.

As they crested the next hill there was indeed a pirate ship anchored in the bay. There was also a rowboat on the beach with a bunch of pirates talking around it.

"Ok, time to go," Zalen announced, dismounting his horse. "If I don't return by nightfall or the ship is about to set sail you should come to my rescue if you can. But I think my spells should be enough to keep me safe."

Leilah ran to him, giving him a fierce kiss. "You'd better be safe! If you get hurt I'll find you and kick your careless behind!"

"I'll do my best," Zalen chuckled, heading down to the beach.

A short while later he found himself on the deck of the pirate ship. The men on the beach had laughed as he had asked to see the captain and ushered him straight to the rowboat.

Well, maybe the rest would go as easily?

A burly pirate shoved him inside the captain's cabin.

"Now what do we have here? Sit!"

The tone of the voice had been so commanding that he found his ass on the chair before he even had time to turn to face the speaker.

It was clearly the pirate queen he had been looking for.

She was wearing black boots, a black skirt and had a nasty looking scimitar hanging at her hip. Her top seemed to be just a white cloth tied in an X shape in front of her breasts which were big enough that it still left quite a bit of them visible. Even though she was a little shorter than Zalen she looked strong enough to easily lift him.

Her dark, curly hair was all gathered on one side but what really drew his attention was her face. Her eyes seemed to just see right through you and find you wanting.

She walked closer, then slowly began pacing around him like a predator examining a particularly brave mouse.

"Someone foolish enough to come here on his own must have a really good reason."

"I'm - "

"Sht! You will answer only when I ask, not before."

The pirate queen was admittedly very attractive but Vivariel's gift indicated that she was constantly swinging between sexual interest and something else.

"You don't have the muscles to join my crew but maybe I could find another use for you for a while."

Thump! She suddenly slammed her boot down on the edge of the chair right between Zalen's thighs, just barely missing his valuables.

"Lick!"

Again he found himself moving automatically, his tongue on the curve of her knee before he he could even form a thought about it. Well, since had already begun, he might as well continue.

The pirate queen watched his efforts. The sexual interest part felt now slightly stronger but the other, clearly more dangerous alternative was still equally likely.

"Good..."

Mai suddenly grabbed his chin, pulling it towards her.

"Now tell me why you're really here. Hide something and..."

Zalen swallowed, painfully aware just how close the tip of her boot was to his nuts. Could she have those special boots with blades hidden inside them?

"The Queen sent me. She sent me to bring back a ring you apparently took from her."

"The Queen?"

The pirate's eyes narrowed. She drew her scimitar and placed the blade just under his chin.

"And you would take it from me?"

Zalen faced her stare, not daring to move. "I would prefer to come to an agreement but if that is not an option, then yes. I would take it."

Mai looked him up and down.

"You're a mage, aren't you?"

She lowered her weapon, slipping it back in its sheath.

Zalen nodded. "Yes. I'm known here as the Mage of the North."

"Good," the pirate replied, retrieving her boot from Zalen's chair and walking towards the larger one by the wall. "Then I might find you useful after all."

She sat down.

"Crawl here!"

Zalen followed her order, heading towards her on all fours. As he got closer she spread her thighs, revealing the thin undergarment underneath.

Needing no other invitation he pressed his lips against it and got busy with his tongue.

He licked and nibbled, then added one hand to lightly caress her through the thin fabric. He had a feeling that moving the undergarment aside might not be a good idea without her permission so he just began slightly pushing his finger in through the fabric instead, using the slight give to get the fingertip inside her.

The pirate queen had moved her hand in Zalen's hair and was lightly caressing him as his oral pleasure project went on.

She was already moaning.

The hand in Zalen's hair suddenly grabbed a hold of it and pulled him back.

"Now you have a decision to make."

The pirate queen pulled her knees closer together, although her skirt was still high enough to leave her crotch teasingly visible.

"Did you notice anything unusual about the Queen?"

"She seemed cold. Didn't speak much."

"She wasn't like that a year ago. We used to be lovers and I know her better than anyone. But then that advisor of his did something to her and she suddenly drove me out."

She tugged on the leather string around her neck until a ring popped out from between her ample breasts.

"Since I was sure something wasn't right, I stole this before fleeing the city. And here I ended up.

She looked at Zalen with her piercing eyes, waving the ring a little.

"So the question is: who will you believe? Will you follow her command and try to claim my ring by force? Or will you believe me and help me save her?"

Zalen looked her up and down and finally shrugged.

"I think you're telling the truth. There was something strange about the Queen compared to the stories I'd heard about her. So I'll help you."

The pirate queen smiled. "Good. And since you're a mage we might actually have a chance of freeing her. I'm not sure how that bastard is controlling her but I have a feeling that the amulet she's wearing is somehow involved."

"You're probably right," Zalen admitted. "It was definitely magical, even though I did not have an opportunity to examine it further."

"Good. Then I will travel back with you. Just the two of us, my men will wait here."

"Well, the two of us and my harem. They are waiting for my return just beyond the hills."

Mai raised an eyebrow but then just walked past him.

It didn't take long before they were on the road, walking back to where his wives had said they'd be waiting.

The first to see them was Kity.

"So you were that successful then?"

Zalen chuckled. "Not really. Change of plans. Instead of getting the ring back, we're returning to get the real Queen back. It seems that she's being magically enslaved by her advisor."

The other wives had also joined in to hear the full explanation. 

"So why did you decide to become a pirate?"

Mai was silent for a while before answering Leilah. "The sea can be harsh but there I could sleep soundly without having to worry about assassins. And any ships the advisor sent after me I could either outfight or outrun. I trust my crew, the ones I didn't are already dead."

Sindara frowned.

"So why are you trusting Zalen now? Someone who you've never met before."

"Call it an instinct. He never flinched from my blade yet he clearly cared for my pleasure."

Mai's reply brought a smile on Sindara's lips. "That's our husband definitely."

As Mai did not yet have her own horse she climbed behind Zalen. Which made for quite a distracting ride as her ample bosom was now pressing against his back.

"Looks like you weren't exaggerating when you said you had a harem," Mai remarked as they rode forward. "And here I was thinking about adding you to mine."

She emphasized the last word by groping Zalen's butt.

By the next town she had bought a horse of her own though and seemed to mostly ignore Zalen. Perhaps she was worried about the Queen after all, despite her harsh facade.

They had again stopped at a tavern for the night. Zalen had paid for the rooms and was about to head for his when he felt a poke in his neck and Mai's voice.

"You sleep in my room."

"Very well."

Inside the pirate queen seemed to again ignore his presence but began undressing.

It was a strange experience, on one hand there was curvy beauty removing her clothes right there, but on the other hand she seemed to treat him like air.

Well, since it didn't feel like the kind of teasing Jazmyn and Dinah always loved to do he figured the best approach was not to do anything, beyond a few appreciative looks.

He undressed as well. By the time he was done she was already in bed. He was just about to crawl in as well when she pushed aside the blanket and spread her thighs.

"Lick me. I need to reach a peak so I can sleep."

This time her words just sounded more like a statement of fact instead of a command.

Still, he loved going down on a woman so this was quite enough for him already.

Zalen began kissing her crotch. She had shaved the area around her pubic lips but not the rest.

Kisses gave way long licks. Then short licks. He had also begun massaging her hairy mound.

Mai's breathing was getting heavier and her small movements revealed her slowly mounting pleasure.

Zalen had so far avoided touching the pirate queen's little nub with his tongue, instead always circling right around it. Now he began once in a while 'accidentally' brushing against it, each time making her react audibly.

Continuing the massage with one hand he moved the other one lower, doing a few circles right around her entrance.

He pushed two fingers inside her. Another sharp breath but no command to pull them out. Her moans were getting more and more clear, giving Zalen all the more reason to continue.

Searching for the slightly rougher spot inside her he began rubbing her with a 'come here' motion. At the same time his tongue finally homed in on her little nub, beginning to lick her clit directly.

With his massage from two directions combined with his tongue Mai's moans had suddenly gotten much more vocal and she had dug her fingers in Zalen's hair.

"Oh by the divines! I'm... I'm... cummiiiinGGG!"

Her hips suddenly jolted upwards, and if Zalen hadn't been ready for it he would have probably hurt his nose. As it was he managed to move his head up in time and then lowered it back down, returning to gently kiss her delicious cunt.

Once her breathing began to return to normal levels Mai placed her hand on his forehead and pushed him back, pulling her thighs together.

"Ohh I needed that."

As he got up on his knees again the pirate queen pulled him closer for a light kiss.

"Good night."

And just like that she laid down again, turning her back on Zalen. She pulled the blanket over her - except for her butt which was now poking out from underneath the blanket. She looked pretty damn sexy and he was still hard as a rock from listening to her earlier moans.

For a moment Zalen wondered if her little show was meant as an invitation, as just a little tease or if it was just plain absentmindedness on her behalf.

Finally he shrugged, gave her bare butt a quick kiss and then laid down to sleep as well.

"Good night, beautiful."