 Reunited

"The Queen will see you now."

Zalen nodded. He was already muttering the words for the stronger form of dispel, but was doing his best to mask them as nervousness. He walked inside, followed by the pirate who was now disguised as a merchant.

The Queen was sitting on her throne, waiting.

"Do you have the ring?"

Now that Zalen knew about the control spell, the signs were easy enough to spot. She was sitting a little too still, her voice too monotone. She wasn't even blinking!

He raised his staff, unleashing the spell.

"Noo!"

The yell had come from a side room. The door burst open, and a man wearing a vest adorned with gold pointed a finger at them.

"Guards! They are attacking the Queen! Kill them all!"

As the guards began moving towards them, the pirate queen stepped forward.

"Dove! Remove your amulet now!"

Her tone had been so commanding that even Zalen's hand made an involuntary gesture towards his neck. It definitely worked on the Queen who quickly pulled off the amulet like a kid caught trying on mom's necklace.

The Queen blinked, then turned to stare at the pirate. "Mai? Is that you?"

The guards' halberds struck the shield Zalen had quickly cast around them. It wavered. Damn, of course the guard here would have enchanted weapons!"

"Dove, your advisor used that amulet to enslave you! Call off the guards!"

"No, it's not really her! She's an impostor," the advisor shouted. "Put the amulet back on, it's the only thing that will protect you!"

The Queen looked at the amulet in his hands, then at the advisor.

"Protect me? That's not what you claimed then..."

The Queen stood up.

"Guards! Arrest my treacherous advisor! And leave those two alone!"

The advisor's face fell and he backed away in horror. 

"Your majesty! I... I..."

He suddenly turned to flee but crashed right against another guard's chest as a new group of them entered the room from the side door.

Later, with the advisor now in jail, Zalen and the two women were in a different room, the Queen and the pirate sitting on luxurious chairs, Zalen still standing.

"He had told me the amulet wasn't magical at all but just a gift from the small village I loved spending time in as a kid," the Queen explained. "I can't believe I fell for that and let him steal the country like this!"

"There was only one thing missing that was keeping him away from complete control. This." Mai dug out the leather string on her neck, the ring having again buried itself in her considerable bosom.

"With this he could have 'married' you, become the King and then arranged a little accident or just let you live like a statue for the rest of your life. But I foiled his plans by stealing it when he tried to have me killed."

"And that's why he had hired me to bring back your ring," Zalen added. "A fiendish plan."

"And he promised you... umm, land?"

The Queen frowned, as if struggling to remember the events.

"By the Two Hills, your Majesty. We wish to build a temple for Vivariel there."

"Just call me Senja, no need for formality. Vivariel? Wasn't she the goddess that has been trapped for centuries?"

"Yes. We managed to free her and I'm now one of her Heart Veils."

"Well, you also saved me, my love and the whole country. So you can certainly have that land. I will have my new advisor handle the paperwork."

Mai had stood up, walking behind the Queen.

"Dove. I think he deserves a better reward than that for all he's done. Stand up!"

The pirate queen's voice had suddenly regained the same commanding tone she had used before. Senja stood up as if by reflex, her eyes widening slightly.

Mai smiled.

"Of course I couldn't let that usurper have you, Dove. You're already mine. But I don't need magic to command you and I don't give a rat's ass about other kinds of power. Now remove your gown. Slowly."

The Queen smiled at her initial words and then looked slightly shocked upon hearing her command. "Here? Umm, yes."

The pirate smiled as Senja began unbuttoning her gown. Zalen admired the sight as the gown fell, leaving the Queen wearing nothing but silk stockings and gloves. Her body might not have the curves her pirate lover definitely had but she still looked highly attractive and now that her face was no longer so expressionless she definitely looked beautiful.

"The land was the reward for saving our country from that twerp," Mai explained. "But for bringing us together again we'll both give you a special reward. Now crawl to Zalen and pleasure his cock!"

Senja was already on all fours, heading towards him, biting her lip.

"Damn you are beautiful," Zalen muttered as she reached him and began fishing out his rapidly hardening cock.

"Thank you," she mumbled, blushing slightly. "Whoah..."

She looked at Zalen's cock with wide eyes but then captured its tip between her lips.

She moved her head a few times, then released it.

"Please tell me if I'm doing something wrong, I've only done this once before!"

"Don't worry. Just use your lips and tongue and not your teeth and you'll do fine."

Senja nodded, then dived in again with her mouth.

What she may have lacked in experience, she did make up in enthusiasm and with the fact that she was constantly giving Zalen seductive looks as she played with his cock.

The pirate queen had been watching them but now she suddenly walked to the table by the wall and sat on the edge.

"Dove! Now here!"

Senja immediately released his cock, crawling instead towards the table.

The dark-haired woman tapped the table and the royal beauty stood up, leaning against it.

"Lick her!"

Zalen kneeled behind Senja and did as commanded.

Mai sat next to them, watching Zalen beginning to pleasure Senja's royal cooch.

The pirate had hiked up her long skirt and was now caressing herself with one hand. She reached to grab the other woman's chin with her other hand.

"I had him lick me while we were travelling here," Mai revealed. "Feels good, doesn't it?"

"Yess..." Senja replied in a faint whisper. 

"I love seeing that look on your face!"

From his point of view Zalen had no idea what kind of a look it was but he could hear her faint moans getting more vocal.

She had also begun to slightly grind her hips against his face.

"You want him, don't you," he heard Mai murmur.

"Yess..."

"You want him to fill your little pussy with that hot cock of his?"

"Ohh yess..."

"I want to see it too... Now fill her!"

As Zalen stood up he could see Senja spreading her thighs wider, then tensing up as she waited for what was to happen next.

He aligned his cock with her inviting tunnel, then began pushing forward.

"Mmmfff... mmmmf..."

"I sent all the servants away from this floor, there's no-one nearby to hear your moans," Mai murmured in Senja's ear. "There's no need to bite your lip to keep quiet..."

"...mfff ooohh it feels so good," the Queen moaned as Zalen's cock was finally all the way in.

"Now fuck her!"

His hips began moving almost on their own.

Senja had her back arced and every now and then she met one of his thrusts with a quick move of of her own. Her moans were getting higher pitched and more vocal.

Mai's hand was busy under her skirt, her eyes locked on Senja's face.

"His cock is really filling you completely, isn't it?"

"Mwwaahhh..."

"Cum for him! Cum for us!"

As if on cue, her breathing suddenly got even more frantic. She was suddenly meeting every one of his thrusts with one of her own, her cunt almost desperate for his cock.

A moment later she came, this time with a moan that could probably be heard even on the other floors.

Having slowed down to give Senja some time to recover Zalen's eyes met Mai's.

She reached with her foot to turn the nearby chair sideways.

"Zalen, sit there!"

As his butt made contact with the chair Mai stepped down from the table between Zalen and Senja, turning to face away from him. With her skirt still hiked up she sat on his lap, making a satisfied sounding growl as her wet cunt engulfed his hard rod.

"Senja! Take care of this!"

The Queen, still looking a bit shaky from her orgasm, sat on the edge of the table, then reached towards Mai to help remove her tunic. Once it was in a heap on the floor she then continued by kissing the side of the pirate's neck while her hands moved down to caress her breasts.

Mai leaned back, sliding two fingers along Zalen's cheek.

"Had you tried anything that night, we wouldn't be doing this now," she murmured softly.

"I did kiss your beautiful butt," Zalen reminded her.

"I know. Still, here's your reward for waiting..."

With that she began moving.

Soon she was bouncing on his cock, her movements long and hard.

"Rrrr... Such a perfect cock..."

She suddenly stopped, hovering her pussy right on the tip of his cock. Zalen waited, caressing her sides and her buttocks.

"Do you want it?"

Zalen answered Mai's whispered question with a growl. After a moment he continued: "...yes. I want inside you."

Without any other reply the pirate resumed her ride, again bouncing on him with passion.

On her other side Senja was now licking the curvaceous woman's magnificent breasts.

After a while Mai stopped again.

"Tell me what you need," she said in a husky whisper.

"I need you around me," Zalen replied. "I need you riding my hard cock!"

Mai began slowly rolling her hips, her cunt pushing the tip of his cock around.

"Does my cunt feel good?"

"Ohh yess..."

Suddenly she was riding hard again, like she had never stopped.

After another passionate ride she again halted her movements. 

"Should I continue?"

"Yess... "

"Beg for it."

"Please ride me! My cock needs your amazing pussy..."

"What if I just stay here?"

"Oohhh... Then I'll..."

"Then what? What would... you... do... then?"

She emphasized her question by wiggling her hips again.

Senja had pulled her head up again. Her eyes met Zalen's and she suddenly backed away a few steps with a little smile.

Zalen suddenly pushed Mai up, then pushed her upper body on top of the table. In a heartbeat he was inside her again, now plowing the shapely pirate from behind. She was growling and moaning in equal parts, her fingers now squeezing the valuable looking tablecloth.

"She's getting close," Senja whispered. "Please help her get there!"

He wasn't exactly far either. But there was no way he was going to stop or slow down right now. Their hips met again and again, both of them moaning louder and louder, both of them climbing inevitably towards the peak.

Mai got there first. Her cunt clamped down on his rampaging cock, pushing him over the edge as well.

As he was still spurting his load deep inside her, Senja walked closer again, giving Zalen's cheek a kiss.

"She loves being in control, but she also loves testing your limits, finding out how much teasing is too much."

Zalen could only answer with a nod, still too out of breath for words. He sat down to recover a little. Mai soon did the same, with Senja promptly cuddling in her lap.

"Looks like I was right about you," the pirate queen murmured, idly caressing the other woman but with her gaze on Zalen. "My little tongue test has never failed."

"I'm always happy to be of service," Zalen replied.

The real queen turned her head towards him as well.

"So how soon are you planning to build that temple of yours?"

"Her divine plan was to have it ready by the end of the year."

"That soon? That's going to take a small miracle then!"

"I don't know all the details yet. But the next step is to enlist some giants to help with the construction."

"Giants? Well, good luck then. You may well need it."

Mai tapped her lips. "End of the year? We might just pay you a little visit then."

She turned her eyes again on Senja. "Now what should I make you wear then..."

Zalen only realized afterwards that unlike Senja, Mai hadn't even questioned their chances to finish the temple in time. Maybe he had made something of an impression on her after all.