 The Celebration

Flipping the pillow in his hands Zalen looked around, wondering just how long he'd have to wait. Maybe he should have brought something to read - or would that have been a sign of disrespect? He doubted the Rose herself would care but she had implied she'd be bringing somebody else which might change matters.

But what would be the correct way to wait for her arrival? Maybe he should have asked her - but then again he half expected the answer to be 'stroking his dick'.

Oh well, it wasn't the first time he'd spent time waiting, just lost in his thoughts. He tossed the pillow up again, flipping it over.

"Shoot."

The sound made Zalen look to the side. There was indeed Vivariel, dressed somewhat like a Veiled One, except her veils didn't even attempt to hide her sensitive parts, instead highlighting them.

"I waited to see if you would indeed start pleasuring yourself. Now I'm disappointed."

Zalen laughed.

"My apologies. I had no idea how long I'd have to wait and I didn't want to blow my load before you arrived."

"Well, now I'm here! And umm... Remember when I said I'd bring a few others with me?"

Zalen nodded.

"My plan had indeed been to bring two friends of mine. But someone else must have heard about it because..."

"Greetings, Zalen. Nice to see you again."

Zalen whirled around. On the huge mattress sat five women, one of whom he already knew.

Even though her face didn't look exactly the same as during the dwarven festival there was no doubt it was Dumanna again. She still looked sexy as hell and now she was wearing what looked like a leather corset, a really tight skirt and boots that went up to her knees.

"Greetings, Dumanna, the Goddess of Sex and Pleasure."

The second lady he had never seen before but he could easily guess who it might be based on her elven ears.

"Greetings, Vana. The Goddess of Partying, Revelries and Orgies."

She was indeed as Lady Veryel had described her, gorgeous. Even though she had a body to die for her his attention was still getting drawn to her beautiful eyes. She looked like she was clad from head to toe in some kind of a shimmering lace that still left the important parts free.

"Greetings, Zalen. After you nearly stole my priestess from me I couldn't really turn down Vivariel's invitation, could I?"

The third arrival was also easy to identify. After all she was way shorter than anyone else in the room. Now what was her name again...

"Greetings Zuz. The halfling Goddess of Sex and Healing."

"Greetings!"

Despite her short stature she was quite curvy. She didn't quite have the hips and breasts Dumanna did but they were pretty close and her thinner waist certainly made them more pronounced. She was wearing an outfit that reminded him of the nightgowns he knew some noblewomen used - except it was thin enough to be practically see through and short enough to barely cover her butt.

The fourth woman Zalen couldn't recognize. Her skin was blue and the air in her direction was clearly feeling colder. Her outfit seemed to made of crystals that had just formed to cover the essential parts and very little else. And she was really tall.

"Greetings! And my apologies, oh divine beauty. I have to admit I do not know your name!"

"Greetings," came her reply, sounding cool and certain.

"She is known as the Lady of Ice and only her own know her true name," Vivariel's voice explained from behind him. "I was really surprised to see her arrive."

"Xudaal was once one of mine. I came here to satisfy my curiosity, nothing more."

The last woman in the room stood out even more than the others. She looked, well, demonic. Her skin was dark, her eyes looked like they were reflecting an open flame somewhere nearby, her outfit was made of long thin strips of black leather with bright red rubies highlighting her curves. She looked like she should have had a tail and horns but neither was there. Her eyes were measuring Zalen.

"Vivariel stole a succubus from us. I'm here to seduce his boy toy instead."

Dumanna laughed. "Sure you are, Empress of Lust! You're here because you wanted a taste of the mortal cock Vivariel's been gushing about!"

The demon empress tilted her head slightly. "Same thing."

"And he might not be that easy to steal away," Vivariel smiled. "You're welcome to try though."

All five were gorgeous in their own ways which wasn't exactly a surprise considering what they were.

"So which one of us do you find the most alluring?"

The others turned to look at the Empress.

"We're not here to compete, you know," Vivariel chided.

"Afraid you'll lose?"

"Never! Especially since he's already mine."

"A little contest might actually be fun," Zuz piped up.

The others murmured their agreement.

"Well," Vana began. "Since there are six of us, let's make this a six part contest with him as the judge."

"What would the six parts be then?"

"Let's say kissing, erotic dance, naughty talking, pleasuring with hands, pleasuring with mouth, actual sex."

"Isn't kissing already pleasuring with mouth?"

"Yes, but undressing him isn't allowed during the first three stages."

"And what does the winner get? An apple?"

"I don't think we need a price," Zuz announced. "I just want to see your faces when you lose!"

The others looked at each other.

"Deal!"

"So we start with kissing," Vana continued. "No hands so you only get to use your mouth!"

"You're the hostess Vivariel so you get to go first," Dumanna said.

She smiled, gliding towards Zalen with her hips swaying erotically. She wrapped her arms around Zalen's head.

"I can still do this, right?"

"Sure," Vana replied.

Vivariel hadn't even waited for the answer before moving in for a long, erotic kiss that made his cock harden.

She released him much sooner than he would have hoped. "It's not fair if I win every time," she murmured in his head.

The next goddess to walk to him was Dumanna. She wrapped her arms around his head - but instead of pulling his lips against hers she pulled them to the side - and moved her lips right by his ear.

"Ooaaahhh... aaahh... aaahhh..."

Her moan certainly had the expected effect, especially when it was followed by a short and fierce kiss.

"Nice trick," Vana smiled as the dwarf goddess walked away, looking at Zalen over her shoulder.

The next one to approach was the biggest mystery for him, the blue skinned goddess.

She moved slowly, seductively. Her lips met his. They felt cold, even icy. Her arms locked behind his back and he groaned as he felt her also wrap her leg around him, pressing their bodies together. And it felt like the crystal garment that was the only thing covering her private parts was beginning to melt!

After a long kiss she let go, walking back as Zalen admired her body.

His gaze quickly moved to the next goddess approaching him - or demoness in this case. The empress approached him like prey, then captured his jaw with her long nails and began playing with his lips. If the Lady of Ice had had cold kisses, the Empress' lips felt nearly equally hot. And intoxicating.

Suddenly she released his lips and with a smooth motion squatted down, pressing her lips against the thin fabric covering his crotch and against the bulge within.

"Hey!"

Before the others had time to protest further she stood up again, heading back to her seat.

As his eyes were still on her he felt a hand on his chest. Zuz had slipped in front of him and now pushed him back.

"Sit down, you're a little too tall otherwise!"

As his legs hit the chair he fell down on it with the short goddess quickly climbing on his lap.

Zuz was certainly quite a divine kisser but what really drew his attention was the fact that she wasn't wearing anything under her short gown. And even though her movements weren't big, they were certainly effective in rubbing against his bulge.

"Now now, Zuz -" someone began but the short goddess was already climbing down and heading back.

"Ah, I guess it's my turn then," Vana murmured. She looked at Zalen for a moment - and suddenly pulled the surprised Empress into a kiss instead!

With Zalen as the audience the two women were now making out in front of him in an incredibly erotic show. The demoness had quickly recovered from her initial surprise and the two were devouring each other in a frenzy.

Finally Vana slipped her finger between their lips and pulled back, the gaze between them still charged with passion.

"So who won?" 

The question had come from Vivariel, even though her eyes were still lingering on the duo.

Zalen chuckled, noting that so were the others.

"I think I have to agree with you. As amazing as all your kisses were, Vana wins this one!"

"Time for a dance then," Vivariel noted, standing up. A tune appeared and the gorgeous goddess began to move.

The Veil dance was one of the things most Veils were taught at some point and Zalen had seen it a couple of times. Latest from Mirada and Sumi who had been eager to show off their skills after having learned it.

Seeing Vivariel dance it was obvious who had been the first to teach it to the Veils.

It was amazing just how fluently she could move different parts of her body and how independently they seemed to move. Her dance was drawing his eyes on various parts of her and he groaned out loud when she finally stopped.

As she walked back to her seat Dumanna walked up to him.

"Since I know how much you love butts..."

She stopped a few steps from him and turned around. Again a tune sprang up but this time it had a much harder beat. The dwarven goddess began to move - or specifically her butt did.

Zalen could only stare as Dumanna's fantastic butt began bouncing and doing circles in front of him. It looked damn hot, especially as she was now so close to him that she sometimes brushed against his bulge. He was tempted to just pull down his britches or to grab that sexy behind but he couldn't really do either without spoiling the contest, could he?

When Dumanna finally stopped, Zalen groaned again. Whether from disappointment or from relief he could not really say.

"I need you standing for this," the Lady of Ice announced as she walked towards him. As he stood up his eyes were drawn on the crystals covering her essential parts. There were fewer of them now! So maybe they had indeed begun melting during the kissing stage!

Again a tune began and the blue-skinned goddess began dancing. To Zalen's surprise she was using him like a pole of some kind - both as support when whirling around and as something to wrap around. And given how little she was wearing, having her crotch pressing against his thigh was rather distracting. Or having her bend backwards while using his neck as support. Or having her butt glide along his bulge as she moved from one side to the other.

Once again he was both disappointed and relieved when the music ended and the icy goddess walked back to her seat.

"I'm next," came Vana's voice from behind him. When had she moved there? And when had she changed outfits?

Although it was questionable whether you could call what she was now wearing an outfit - she was now completely naked except for two huge feathers she was using to cover her essential parts. What bird they had belonged to he could not say but it had to have a big one.

Once again the unseen band began as Vana did.

The elven goddess was certainly just as skilled at moving her body than Vivariel and she was using those two feathers to make sure he was constantly seeing tantalizing glimpses of her body - but never a full look. 

Vana was also using the feathers to hide the caresses she was giving Zalen as she danced.

And all too soon was the dance over and the elven beauty heading to her seat, now again wearing her previous outfit.

Zalen's attention was quickly drawn to the next contestant. The Empress approached him silently as the music began pulsating around him. She pushed him back on the chair, climbing on top of him. Only then did she began her dance.

The demoness was not even trying to hide the fact that the position left her crotch in contact with his bulge - and the thin leather strips she had covering her crotch had already parted, leaving very little between them. And her dancing was also serving to highlight the fact to him quite well.

She finally moved back a little, giving his strained britches a little more space. She did however grab Zalen's right hand and surreptitiously slide it between them - and then guiding its fingers right inside her wet entrance.

"Just waiting for you," she mouthed before pulling back.

As she stood up and began walking to her seat she raised her fingers to her mouth, sucking them with a knowing look. He was highly tempted to do the same, especially since he could still feel her juices on his fingers.

"It's me then!"

Zalen realized the sound had come from behind him. The next thing he noticed was his chair tilted backwards!

He had barely time to squeak before the chair was on its back and he was horizontal except for his legs that were still on top of the chair's lower part.

The next surprise was a lot more pleasant one as Zuz stepped astride his head and began dancing to the energetic beat there. And since she had on only that short nightgown this gave him a really nice view!

The halfling goddess was certainly skilled at moving her hips. It would have probably looked great from the side but from below it was really erotic, especially once she began doing dips that brought her attractive cooch nearly within his tongue's reach.

When Zuz finally ended her dance Zalen groaned.

As Zuz walked back to her place Zalen's eyes kept following her.

"As erotic as all your dances were, that one was clearly the winner."

Zuz smiled and momentarily spread her thighs, giving him one more look.

"So what's next?"

"Talking dirty," Vana replied. "You can only use your words to excite him, no touching. And just to make sure this is just about what we say - Zalen, can you close your eyes for this part? Thank you."

A moment later he heard footsteps and Vana's soft voice continued, this time right by his ear.

"Remember Lady Veriel? You should really go meet her next month. You see, she will be travelling to the elven capital and she would be happy to include you in her entourage.

She is going there to meet the Queen. And it is a well known secret that the royal maids are quite... eager. They would find an excuse to lure you somewhere and start kissing you."

Vana's sexy voice continued describing what else the maids would then do, and in quite detail. 

The next voice appearing by his ear belonged to the Empress. Her words painted him a scenario where he'd stumble across two succubi, captured and tied down by band of orcs. He'd surprise the orcs with his spells, sending them fleeing and leaving him with the two captives. Two sexy, helpless captives he could do whatever he wished with.

The empress even mimicked their moans and quite well at that.

As she finally left Zalen heard Vivariel's giggle.

"If you're planning to steal him from me you really should get to know him better first! Let's see..."

Vivariel also began telling a little story how he'd end up captured by a lost tribe of women. Despite their initial suspicions they'd one by one sneak to him to try out his tongue and dick, some during the day, some during the night. From young to old.

Finally a few would free him and then sneak him away for a wilder threesome.

As Vivariel's story ended just as the tribe's matriarch was about to join in, he couldn't help but groan out loud.

"See? I told you I know him better than you!"

Vivariel's voice was soon replaced by the one from Zuz.

"Hi! Say, I know you had quite a bit of fun with the fairies! But what if you became tiny the next time you met Nuni? 

She'd have to slip you inside her bosom to keep you from getting stepped on, and you'd be travelling huddled against her now gigantic breasts!"

Zuz then went on to describe her moans every time he'd begin caressing her nipples and how she'd be forced to slip him inside her panties before meeting her friend. And when she'd find out he'd have to help her out too.

Once again the story came to an end and another goddess stepped in to titillate him further. This time the voice belonged to the Lady of Ice.

"Before meeting Xudaal you may have heard someone mention the sexual appetite of moon dragons. It's not exaggerated.

You see, on an island south-east from these lands live a trio of moon dragons. Every month they kidnap a new man from one of coastal cities and use him for their pleasure before taking him back.

They would love to finally find a stud like you!

Remember how Xudaal goes crazy after her first orgasm? Now imagine three like her!"

With Zalen still imagining just how that would play out another voice had replaced the previous one. Dumanna's.

"You remember how Umaru hinted you should return to Um-Barrad when you had the chance? Well, she has something of a plan for when you do.

She's been planning to find out just how many secluded spots there really are in the city where you could go for a quickie without anyone noticing.

So she was hoping to take you on a tour around the city, wearing nothing underneath her dress, and fill out her map of pleasure.

And she can be a bit... insatiable. Do you think you could help her out?"

"That's everyone then," Vana's voice announced. "You can open your eyes and choose the winner!"

Zalen opened his eyes again, blinking a few times to get them used to the light again.

"Now this is a hard one. There were so many great ones. But I think... I'll choose Vivariel this time."

"And I actually do know of a lost tribe like that," Vivariel replied with a wink.

"So hands are now free game?"

Vana answered Dumanna with a nod. "And you can take off his clothes if you wish."

"Perfect," Dumanna murmured. "Come here," she beckoned, climbing to sit on the large bed.

As he walked up to her she smiled and helped him undress. With his hard cock now free she moved backwards and tapped on the bed next to her.

He followed.

As he stopped next to her Dumanna's hands reached towards his dick - but instead grabbed his right hand and guided it between her thighs.

"I want it inside me," she murmured, leaning back with her thighs wide apart.

He was more than happy to oblige, pushing two fingers inside her. She was just as hot inside as the last time.

"More..." she whispered.

A third finger. "More..."

A fourth. "More..."

A moment later he had his whole fist inside her hot cunt.

"Ooohhh my... So good... Now fuck me with it!"

He would have done that soon even without her request. With her hot cunt squeezing his hand he began pumping it in and out of the curvy dwarf, with her moving her ample butt towards him with each stroke.

And she was quite vocal as well.

"Ooh yes... yess... OHHhhh... just like that... harder... ooh YESsss..."

Their steamy activity was finally halted by a significant little cough from Vana.

"Already? Oo, I wish the time had been a little longer," Dumanna murmured as she pulled away. "That felt so amazing..."

"So will this," the Lady of Ice whispered from behind him.

He felt her icy kiss on the back of his neck, her hands wrapping around his chest - and her soft, cool breasts pressing against his back.

A moment later he felt another pair of hands began caressing his lower stomach but when he looked down there was nothing there. And a moment later he felt a third unseen pair begin caressing his hard cock.

"Extra hands?"

The goddess behind him answered Vivariel's question with a chuckle.

"They're my hands but just a little forward in time."

It took him a moment to understand what she meant, but once her real hands moved to caress his lower stomach it finally dawned on him. The unseen hands were indeed showing him a preview of what her real hands were about to do a little later. They all felt exactly the same though, all equally firm and cool.
