 Size Does Matter

The forest was still as calm and beautiful as it had been the last time.

Zalen was now heading to the center of the forest with Mirada and Leilah. The two had been curious enough about the fairies to come with him, the others had made camp by the edge of the forest, preferring not to get swarmed by a flight of overly enthusiastic fairies. Or would they even care about him now that they could pleasure each other?

"By the way, did the genie visit you that night?"

Mirada's question broke his train of thought.

"Umm, yes. Apparently my second wish had already freed her, but Aya was curious enough to still return to have sex with me."

"Aya? She told you her name?"

"Well, yes. Right before leaving."

Mirada was staring at him again. 

"First of all: don't tell her name to anyone else. With a genie knowing her true name would allow a magic user to enslave her again. So she must really trust you to reveal that much."

"Ah. I knew that about demons so I knew I should keep Di's real name a secret, but I knew next to nothing about genies."

"You know Di's real -" Mirada shook her head laughing. "Well, of course you do.

But if the genie told you her real name then you can bet she will one day return to you. Although it might take a few years if she really enjoys her freedom."

After that the group again walked along in silence, watching the forest around them. Waiting for the fairies to make their appearance.

He had actually half expected to run into them already, but apparently they weren't -

"It's him!"

"Zalen is here!"

"The Great Teacher has returned!"

Two of the fairies were making excited circles around him with one apparently flying away to spread the news.

Thanks to the spell he had already cast his two wives could also understand the fairies now. Mirada was looking at him with an amused expression.

"The Great Teacher?"

Zalen shrugged, not really having a reply for that.

"Why did you come this time? To have more fun with us?"

"I need to talk with Enayiel, the Goddess of Fairies. I heard there is a ritual you can do to summon her."

"Oo. Umm. Then you will need to come to The Elder Tree and talk to the King and the Queen. We can only do the ritual if they say so."

As they were following the first fairy they were joined by more and more of the winged creatures who kept chattering as they flitted about around the group.

"Is that the tongue guy?"

"You told me he was super handsome!"

"She just has a crush on him!"

"Don't tell him that!"

"Are those his wives?"

"They can't both be. Humans only have one!"

"No, some have more!"

"Yeah, it's called a... hurrum!"

"Harem you dolt!"

And so on.

"Fascinating creatures," Leilah muttered to Zalen.

"Yeah. And quite... excitable."

Eventually they arrived to a clearing.

"Welcome to The Elder Tree!"

Zalen looked around.

"Umm, which one is it?"

The fairy acting as their guide scratched her head.

"That one! Or was it that one? Umm..."

"Oh who cares," interrupted another one. "It's just a normal tree, we just call it that. For historical reasons!"

"Phaw. You're the one who slept through your history lessons as a child!"

"So? I'm an adult now!"

"You -"

The fairies' chatter was suddenly cut short and there was a silence around them.

"Ah. So you are the one behind everything."

Zalen turned to look up. There was another fairy but she seemed clearly more composed than the other fairies and was wearing a longer, more elaborate dark green dress.

"Well, I'm Zalen. What do you mean, everything?"

"You have caused more chaos here than the last forest drake that was seen nearby. Now I can't go anywhere without finding a moaning couple going at it!"

"...says Mrs. 'Harder! Harder! Fuck me harder!'..." mumbled someone, quickly going silent as Mrs. Harder glared her way.

"The Queen, I presume?"

"Correct. You wished to make some kind of a request I gather?"

"Yes. I need to speak to Enayiel."

"Why should we help a human?"

The latest question had come from a new fairy wearing a dark red vest. A male fairy. The King, if there truly was just one male alive at any given moment.

"If you need me to do something to earn your help, then I'll gladly do so," Zalen replied.

"He's already helped us," piped up a voice from somewhere.

"Yeah, he's the Great Teacher," exclaimed another.

"He taught us Oral Sex!"

"Yeah!"

"It's so good!"

The King looked around. "But is it worth performing the Call of the Leaves for him? Is oral sex worth that?"

"You certainly seemed to think so last night," reminded the Queen with a sudden smile on her lips.

The King looked at her, a small grin appearing on his face.

"Hmm. Very well then. If you can find the hundred and one volunteers to perform the ritual, then you are free to do so."

The Queen nodded. "We won't take part or interfere."

The regal couple then flew away, the King's hand now resting on his wife's butt.

"...and that means they'll be again fucking like rabbits once they get to their hut," added someone.

"Will the rest of you help me then?"

"Sure!"

"If we get to ride your tongue again!"

And so Zalen found himself once again sitting against a tree with his tongue out and the fairies taking turns riding it, moaning as they did so and then falling on the spare shirt he had folded on his lap.

As this gave him plenty of time to observe the tiny creatures he had already noted that the fairies weren't quite as identical as he had earlier thought. Apart from their colorful dresses in different styles they did also have minute variations in their bodies and faces. Some were slightly taller, some slightly more curvy, some with slightly rounder faces, some with slightly reddish hair. And even though none of them looked actually old he could still notice some features that revealed some of the fairies as older than the others.

Compared to humans the differences were all quite small but given time he could probably learn to tell the fairies apart.

As the fairies made good use of his tongue one fairy with a very short, bright red skirt kept counting the crowd.

"Eighty one, eighty two... Hey, where's Silla and her friends? And Fuu, your mom and your aunt are still missing!"

"Probably cooking," another fairy piped up. "I'll get them!"

And the more fairies rubbed themselves on his tongue, the more he could pick up differences in their voices and moans as well.

Some were slightly more reserved, some really went all out against his tongue, some seemed to have picked up slight accents, possibly from people travelling in the forest, some -

"Hey Anju, why are you again in the line? You already had a turn!"

"Twice!"

"No, I didn't!"

"Yes she did! Twice!"

By the time the last fairy fell into his lap his tongue felt more than a little numb and he had to spend some time massaging his aching jaw.

"Ok, we've had our fun," the fairy in the red skirt announced, "now it's time to fulfill our promise!"

Soon the air was again full of fairies as all the resting ones had also taken flight again.

"Take your places!"

One by one the small creatures flew into position, turning the air into a colorful web.

One of the fairies began to sing. Or strictly speaking she was just alternating between two different notes.

A moment later a few more joined in, although each one of them used two different notes.

More and more of the fairies were now singing, and even though every one of them was just using two notes, the complete harmony was very rich and beautiful as the melody travelled around the fairy choir.

The fairies were now also flying slowly around. Even though there had originally been no obvious pattern to their positioning, now that they were moving it was clear that they had formed multiple circles that rotated around a middle point.

As the song continued the air in the middle seemed to be filling up with something glittery, like a curtain that slowly billowed in the wind. And not just billowing, it looked like something was now pushing against it from the other side.

Suddenly the glittery curtain parted and someone in a dark purple dress flew through.

The song rose to a quick crescendo and then cut off.

"All praise Goddess Enayiel!"

"Forest's blessings, my children," the divine creature replied.

She waved her hand and the cloud of fairies dispersed, now again tittering and chatting like normal.

A moment later the only ones left were the goddess and the humans. Enayiel glided over to Zalen.

The fairy goddess now hovering in front of him didn't really look that different. Quite a bit taller, yes, but otherwise she could have passed for an ordinary fairy. At least until she spoke.

"You wished to speak with me?"

Compared to the small and slightly squeaky voices of the fairies, Enayiel's voice sounded more like human's. And quite sultry as well. Or maybe she was adjusting her voice for him?

"Yes I do. And I would actually wish to have sex with you."

The goddess tilted her head. "Now that's an intriguing request. I can sense there is another reason for you to ask, though. What is it?"

"Because having sex with you would help me seduce the moon dragon Xudaal."

The goddess stared at him. Then she broke into a strangely melodic laugh.

"You humans never stop surprising me with your strange ways.

But very well. If my fairies agreed to perform the ritual for you, then you have earned my help as well. Now, let's do something about your size..."

Enayiel snapped her fingers and suddenly everything began growing around him. Or, more likely, he began to shrink. His staff didn't and it quickly fell to the side, but the spell had included his clothes.

When the shrinking stopped he was staring at a flower from the same height.

The goddess landed next to him. She was now - umm, quite a bit bigger than him! His head was at the height of her chest and she now definitely looked stronger than him as well!

She stepped closer, grabbing him by the waist, looking down at him with a smile.

"Still want to have sex with me?"

"Ohhh yes!"

He had barely gotten his reply out before his head was suddenly surrounded by thighs.

The fairy goddess had hovered up a little and promptly wrapped her thighs around his head, pulling his mouth against her cooch.

"Since my little fairies liked this so much..."

His jaw was still tired from the earlier workout but he was hardly going to let an opportunity like this go to waste, especially given how good she tasted.

There was also something very enticing about her taste - it wasn't as intoxicating as the foxkin demigoddess' had been but it was still making him feel strangely giddy.

With Enayiel's thighs clamped over his ears he couldn't really hear her reactions to his oral caresses but the way she was moving her hips certainly felt like a good sign.

He was running his hands along the goddess' thighs, her butt and her lower back below her dark purple dress.

He had no idea how long he had been licking her when the leg lock around his head suddenly opened. The fairy goddess gently landed again.

She grabbed a hold of Zalen's waist again and suddenly yanked him closer, their lips meeting in a fierce kiss.

By the end of it Zalen realized he was now airborne.

Enayiel was still holding him by the waist and had effortlessly lifted him off the ground. He gave a little yelp as she then darted up and to the side.

Before he had time to regain his bearings the fairy goddess had flown him halfway up a tree, pushing his back against its trunk.

And the next thing he noticed was his trunk getting maneuvered inside her.

Considering what had happened the last time he'd had sex high in the air he was a little bit unnerved by the situation. But his worries were getting rapidly overruled as the taller goddess had begun moving her hips in earnest, banging him in eagerly against the tree.

It took him a while to realize that in addition to her moans she was humming a tune. It wasn't one he could recognize though. Zalen chuckled as he noted that she was actually fucking him in perfect rhythm, like he was some kind of a sex drum.

And given how amazing she felt he was more than happy to let her cunt play him.

Without any kind of a warning the fairy flew up again, carrying him with her. First trying his best not to look down he soon closed his eyes as she weaved around.

The sudden sensation of being in a free fall forced his eyes open and the thump of landing on something knocked the air out of his lungs. He looked around.

Apparently he was now on a tree branch, stuck upside down where the branch forked.

"Now then..."

He felt her mount him again, her hungry cunt engulfing his thick cock. His cock was now the highest part of him as his feet were wrapped around the branch for support.

Enayiel landed on top of him, his cock getting once again swallowed by her amazing cooch.

Although being upside down and high up in a tree wasn't exactly what he would have picked, he had to admit it was a damn sexy sight to watch her ride from below like this.

The branch itself was bouncing a little as her hips kept drumming him, her moans and humming still filling the air.

Only now did Zalen notice that they weren't actually alone. There was a face peeking at them from the next branch. And a pair of wings there. And there. And there.

The fairies might have initially dispersed but apparently their curiosity had won. It looked like most of the ones that had participated in the ritual were now somewhere around, peeking at the sexual scene unfolding on the branch.

And Enayiel was certainly giving them quite the show, music included.

Perhaps it was the situation or the added excitement from the precarious position but he realized he wasn't going to last much longer.

The fairy goddess seemed to sense this as well and with a radiant smile increased her tempo, her song going into a crescendo just like he did.

As he reached his peak and started blowing his load inside the her pussy, her song suddenly ended abruptly, her body now shaking in the throes of her own orgasm.

A moment later he could hear a chorus of 'oohs' from around them and then a spontaneous applause.

Enayiel chuckled as the fairies dispersed again.

After her earlier treatment he was rather surprised just how gently the fairy goddess lowered him on the ground.

"That was a lot more fun than I'd expected! And quite... enjoyable as well."

"Truly," Zalen managed to say.

"Did you get what you wanted?"

"Truly," Zalen repeated with a smile.

Enayiel looked around and then suddenly looked mischievous.

"Actually... Since you taught my fairies the pleasures of oral sex, I'll teach you something as well. This spell will help you become tiny again. Just in case you wish to teach my fairies something else as well..."

A little later Zalen was back with the others, back in his real size.

Mirada was having way too much fun describing how the goddess had fucked Zalen.

"So he was effectively upside-down? Oo, you should have told us you liked getting taken like that," Kity purred behind him. "I bet you'd love seeing my big butt above you in that position!"

Jazmyn grinned at his expression.

"Oh, he certainly would! And remember what the pirate queen told us back then? He definitely likes it when a women is in charge!"

D'Sheyn moved closer, caressing his butt.

"I think he just really loves giving pleasure, no matter who's taking the lead."

"He does," Dimianne replied. "And a woman forcing him to lick and fuck her is just one of the strongest signs that she really wants him. Just like the opposite situation with a woman completely surrendering to him."

"Too bad we can't now have sex with him until he's met the dragon," Mirada noted.

"Ah, but that doesn't mean we can't tease him," Dinah pointed out.

"And we can still use his tongue and fingers," Sumi added.

Zalen looked at the impish smiles of the women around him. This was going to be quite the trip.