 **All characters in this story are over 18 years of age. This story is fiction.**


Jerome Harrison woke with a start, feeling the cold damp cloth of his pillow, soaked from his sweat, pressing to his face. With a feeling of fading terror he reached for the t-shirt he'd discarded when he'd lain down to sleep that night. The fabric was slightly rough and smelled of dried sweat and deodorant as he wiped the water from his face and hair. His whole body felt exhausted; no, more like drained. A glance at the clock confirmed what he already suspected; it was 4:30 in morning. Again. He'd awoken at the exact same time the last six days. With a shaky hand, Jerome pushed the remaining covers from himself letting the air wash over his body. He glanced down the length of himself noting the dark outline of moisture surrounding his form on the sheets. His body lay diagonally on the king-size mattress giving just enough room for his six foot two inch height. He could feel a dull ache in the muscles of his torso, his stomach felt like he'd been doing sit-ups in his sleep. 

As a runner, his legs were well toned, but not excessively muscular. The light outlines of his thigh muscles smoothed to his knees and with a slight bulging calves tapering to slender ankles. His stomach sported a defined six-pack that he'd been working on for the past three months. He features looked almost harsh in the dim light. With only the illumination of his LED digital clock, even his sandy brown hair appeared dark. He took a breath and held it for a moment before letting it out in a calming sigh.

The gentle air from an oscillating fan caressed his naked form, sending gooseflesh up his thighs and arms. The fan served both to cool the room and provide a blanketing white noise to cover the sounds of the night as he slept. Jerome swung his legs to the side of the bed, and hunched forward trying to collect his thoughts. He shook his head slightly. Closing his eyes, Jerome willed himself to bring the images back to the forefront of his mind. Normally he wasn't this alert, but the sense of fear and dread of his fleeting dream had brought him fully awake. This marked the sixth night that the very same dream had plagued him. Perhaps plagued wasn't quite right, it was more like...haunted. Each time the dream came to him, he remembered more of the details. 

He saw a woman kneeling on a pure white surface; she wore a very light sheer red fabric, hiding none of her femininity. He could see her face, but the image seemed out of focus. He began to focus on every detail as it came to him. Beneath the sheer red fabric, he could just make out the shape of her breasts. They were slightly larger than his balled fist with nipples the size of quarters. He could see each nipple forming a slight peak, possibly from a chill, but Jerome didn't think so. The red fabric reached just above a sleek flat belly. His eyes roamed over the smooth flat toned midriff and travelled down. Her knees were parted shoulder width apart and he could see the outline of her smooth, bare sex. He felt his cock stir and groaned at the feeling. The woman's body fit, in every way, his most exquisite fantasy goddess. With a slight grunt, he could feel the blood involuntarily rushing into the shaft and head of his penis, pulsing and twitching as it slowly enlarged. The normally enjoyable sensation instead throbbed in a painful ache as each heart beat trapped more blood into his member. 

The last six nights had ended the same way. He'd woken in a sweat feeling completely drained and his cock painfully raw. He remembered thinking that it had felt like he'd had a rough hand job without the benefit of a lubricant. The ache in his cock wasn't desire, but painful soreness. As blood filled the hardening shaft, the pain increased, as if the tissue were bruised. Never one to be forceful with women, it struck his as odd that he would be feeling this sore. He hadn't had sex in over a month, not that he didn't want it, and he'd simply been too busy recently. As a teenager he'd learned to cope with his physical tension by jerking off in the shower or while lying in bed. Even now at 23, he often relieved himself if he didn't have a partner to share his bed.

He remembered a particularly intense encounter with a young legal aid a few months prior. Damn, she'd been hot. In fact, she had been coiled sexual frustration. Jerome found that uptight, respectable girls could be some of the wildest sluts. At times it just took a little bit of alcohol to loosen their pent up sexual knots. Jerome often sought out women who looked and acted very professional. The draw came from what he knew to be hidden sexual ferocity just waiting to be tapped. He'd always been impressed at how willing they were in his bed, and how submissive they could be.

The memories of such encounters only served to encourage the rigidity of his cock. He brought his mind back to the woman, back to the dream. In his mind he could see her kneeling in front of him. As he concentrated, he could see her mouth moving back and forth. At first he wondered what she was doing. Squinting, his eyes shut tightly trying to force the memory to the surface. Her face began sharpening; he could see her lips. They were wrapped firmly around the head of his cock. This gorgeous vixen was sucking his cock. Jerome closed his eyes as the scene began to unfold before him, each memory feeding off the previous.

Without realizing it, Jerome Harrison fell back into the clutches of his dreams.

***

Jerome found himself standing completely naked in a white expanse; no visible walls or structures of any kind surrounded him, merely a void of white. He felt fingers wrapped firmly around the base of his rigid cock slowly moving up and down his shaft, the motions were gentle but insistent. Though he couldn't distinguish a floor, the woman in front of him was knelt before him, legs spread. He could now see her long dark brown hair, hanging low to her buttocks. Jerome had always fancied women with long hair, especially brunettes. He glanced to his cock. Her right hand firmly held the skin of his cock, sliding it back and forth. The soreness began to subside with each stroke of her delicate hands. Her fingers felt cool on the hot flesh of his pulsating member and he heard himself let out a small gasp as she continued to slide him back and forth. She brought up her other hand, cupping the sensitive skin of his sac. The touch elicited a moan from his lips. His gaze moved from her movements to look at her face. He noticed the slight curve of red lips smiling seductively from the base of soft feature cheeks and big brown eyes. She looked like pure innocence but the movements of her hands showed skill only gained from experience. The brown eyes watched him curiously; a coy smile faintly graced her beautiful face as she tugged his erection back and forth. She would move up his shaft slowly until she came within millimeters of his sensitive ridge of the head of his erection, before pushing back to steadily to his groin and then back to the base of his sensitive crown. Her movements intentionally kept her hand from touching the head of his cock effectively drawing out the tension while slowing its build.

He opened his mouth to speak but she shook her head very gently, her faint smile looking more like a smirk. His words wouldn't come. He felt the first involuntary jerk as his cock reacted to her steady rhythm. Her pace betrayed no sense of urgency; she was in no rush to finish this. He could feel another pulse as the first droplet of precum began to rise up his shaft. The firm grip constricted his shaft producing greater pressure against the rising fluid. Pleasure followed the precum as it eased from the base of his shaft up to the tip of his cock.

The woman moved her head close to the tip of his pulsating cock. She parted her lips and slowly began to slide her tongue out. Her tongue was less than an inch from the swollen head of his cock. The heat of her breath sent a shiver from his head to his feet. He felt her moist warm tongue begin to tease the supersensitive base below his slit. The tease sent a shudder through him and he felt the muscles in his ass clench, causing his cock jerk in her hand. He could literally feel the drop of precum travel the last inch as it passed from the top of his shaft through his sensitive glans and oozed from the tip. Her tongue traced the ridge of his swollen glans, avoiding the droplet at his slit, circled his sensitive flesh, and returned to the underside of his cock. Slowly she slid the tip of her tongue from just below joined glans up over the oozing tip, gently pushing apart the slit and continuing till she reached the top edge, all the while stroking him steadily. Her tongue disappeared into her sensuous mouth as she tasted his flavor. Jerome's breath caught in his lungs. His whole body shook from the intensity of the tease. His hind muscles tensed again and He felt his groin contract involuntarily forcing another drop of precum to pleasurably ease up his shaft aided by her stroking hand, coaxing the fluid out of him. Her intense brown eyes looked straight into his as she repeated the tease, the smirk on her lips broadened and a twinkle came to her eyes when the next droplet was taken into her mouth. The enjoyment she experienced in extracting each morsel of gleaming clear fluid from him was visibly evident in her eyes. She almost appeared to savor it, as if sipping from a delicious cocktail. The constant tug, tug, tug, on his rock hard member was like a slow charcoal flame, glowing but never igniting fully, excruciatingly slow in its build. Each touch of her warm, wet tongue merely amplified the work of her hands building up higher, and making him harder. His body was straining, begging her to go faster, but she didn't. She was enjoying this pleasurable torture. Her tongue traced the head of his cock, triggering a reflexive pulse of more fluid up and out. As the clear liquid seeped from his slit, she flicked her tongue out and snatched it. Greedily tasting it, she began to flick her tongue in and out of the sensitive slit. His cock spasmed and he trembled violently in response to the increased stimulation. He could feel the pressure building within his groin. It radiated from her slender hand stroking his manhood spreading its tendrils through every muscle, igniting nerves along the way. Each time she licked the head of his throbbing cock, his balls jerked close to his body. His muscles began to tense, he could feel his swelling prostate demand release, and his skin began to crawl with anticipation.

Jerome tried to move his hands to grasp her head or enclose around her moving hands. For the first time, he realized he couldn't move his limbs. He felt as though his arms were wearing thick gloves of cement. With a rising sense of panic, he realized he was completely immobilized. He stood in front of this beautiful creature that was methodically driving him past the point of orgasmic insanity, and he couldn't move, he couldn't touch her. He looked down as she stroked on, firmly moving her hand up and down his shaft, still avoiding contact with the engorged head. His balls ached, straining for release. He felt his stomach and buttocks clench as a wave of urgency seemed to build behind his cock. He felt his control slipping and his cock began to spasm. He felt the fluid as it flowed from behind his cock raging up his length. She placed her tongue at the base of his slit. Each jerk released clear precum, pooling on her waiting tongue. Her hand paused as she accepted the flow, careful not to push him over the edge yet. He wanted to yell and cry, but only a choked off moan escaped him.

As soon as his tremors subsided, she swallowed down the precum and resumed her stroking. The hand below his balls reached back and traced the skin between his ass and his balls, easing back and forth. Another forceful grunt erupted from him as she drew more precum. He had hazily noticed that each wave of tension was producing increasing amounts of precum. She was milking him; the steady stroking allowed her to draw more and more clear, sweet fluid from him. The twinkle he had noticed earlier in her eyes was now intensely focused hunger. He shuddered violently as another contraction of his groin sent waves of pleasure through him. He had never felt such urgency to cum. His balls ached with longing and a constant pressure just behind the base of his cock nearly overwhelmed him. 

As another wave passed over him, she pulled her mouth away from his cock and looked him in the eyes. For the first time he heard her speak. Her voice was soft and seductively commanding, "Cum for me, feed me.." The words she uttered coupled with constant stroking tipped the scale. The shudder became a violent shake and he felt his balls rise slowly to the base of his cock. As the sack tightened around his swollen balls, Jerome felt the pressure behind his cock begin to loose its confinement. Fire ignited in his abdomen and spread to his thighs focusing at the base of his engorged penis; like a roller coaster starting its decent, he felt his heart leap into his throat. His stomach tightened and his groin contracted slowly coiling together. A moan rose in his throat and grew to a yell. His being was alive with energy. Intensity flowed from his finger tips and toes concentrated behind his rigid manhood. He screamed as the warmth flowed outward. Pleasure assaulted him as his thick seed caressed the inside of his shaft as it flew down the length of his shuddering cock. Through the rising pleasure he felt her hot mouth suddenly clamp over the head his cock. She sucked hungrily at him, moaning from deep in her throat. His balls constricted tightly, sending surges of sperm up into his shaft and surging toward the blissful suction of her mouth. Cum flowed from his cock like a fire hydrant, each blast threatening to take his sanity while drowning him in a lake of pure ecstasy. The tip of her tongue ran back and forth along the supersensitive underside of his cock as he erupted within her mouth, thick white cum pulsing onto her tongue. Her hungry suction pulled his cum from the tip of his cock, like she was devouring a milkshake through a straw. Without pausing, she swallowed each pulse while continuing to stroke him. He could see in her eyes that she had been intentionally withholding his release so as to extract every trace of it from his pulsating cock. Gazing through half closed lids, he watched her swallow his cum. Upon the fourth pulse, the jets of cum began to subside, the jerking slowed, but she still sucked just as hard. As the last of his milky cum made its way to the base of his quivering shaft, she released all but her thumb and forefinger, gripping right at the base. Her fingers squeezed him firmly, drawing onward the last glob of semen. He shuddered as the last of his fluid was sucked from him. He was delirious from the intensity of his orgasm. She released his cock from her mouth, holding the last of the precious juice on her tongue. Tilting her head back, she swallowed the last drops, closing her eyes in satisfaction. His eyes flitted closed for a second and then slowly came open.

Beyond the face of this gorgeous angel, other figures coalesced. He forced his eyes open wider and mind numbing recognition hit him. Figures in long flowing white robes moved about in a bright glowing room just beyond a glass pane. He appeared to be in a cell. Jerking his head to the side he noted panels that sustained readouts of his body, at least he assumed it was his. He realized now the reason he had been unable to move. He was bound by form fitting metal plates that covered his arms and chest and from his lower thighs to his ankles. The beautiful woman in front of him rose; a sheen of sweat covered her from her neck to her belly. He could see the bareness of her sex glisten from the obvious enjoyment. Despite his surroundings he felt his eyes drawn to her pussy. The bare lips looked puffy and red. He shook his head to break the spell her inviting body was casting.

Turning from him she walked to the readout panel and pressed in a sequence. Alarm flooded him as he felt the restraints begin to ease him back. He was on an exam table. The table began to shift, moving to a horizontal position with a soft hum. As his body leveled out, she walked over to him and leaned in close to his face. He could smell the faint aroma of his cum on her breath as she whispered.

"Thank you for feeding me." Her hand came up and caressed his face. "You tasted the best of all of them." 

His mind swam, "Thank you for feeding me..." the phrase echoed in his mind. He ran her words through his brain. He felt so exhausted that he couldn't think straight. She stood and walked back to the panel. Keying in addition commands he heard a slight hiss behind his left ear. A slight pinch of a needle stunned him and he felt something being injected into him. Realization blossomed just before he felt consciousness slip away. It the faint void that swallowed him, he heard her distant voice speak, "He's ready for the procedure."

****

Jerome's body ached. He felt sore and disoriented. He felt the soft bed beneath him and rolled to his side to glance at his alarm clock. Bold blue numbers showed the time as 4:30 AM. He pulled his covers back away from his body and slid to a sitting position with his legs at the side of his bed. He rose and felt muscles strain. As he started to stretch he felt pain flash through him. The area just below his stomach felt like it was on fire. He hunched forward with a yelp and reached for his beside lamp.

He looked at his naked body in the light and searched for a visible sign of trauma or bruising. It felt like he'd torn a muscle above his groin. He traced his hand across the skin and felt no outward injury. Pressing lightly, he inched from his left side to his right. Just under his belly was sore when he touched it. He sighed in frustration, deciding that it must be a pulled muscle. He rose and walked into the adjoining bathroom. He activated the shower and pulled the curtain closed, allowing the water to warm before stepping in. Water cascaded down his toned body. He could feel the soreness in his gut ease with the warmth of the water. 

This last dream had been more vivid than the first six. He remember the woman, the lab, the figures beyond the cell, and the words of she'd said as he'd lost consciousness: "He's ready for the procedure." What procedure and who was she speaking to. He shook his head as he scrubbed his body with soap. It was just a dream, he told himself and he washed his hair out. The very idea that someone would hold him captive in a large windowed cell while he received a blow job was ludicrous. He'd already dismissed the thought of talking to some of his friends about it. The whole idea of such an event would be interpreted as a sign of sexual desperation. He sighed heavily as he shut the water off. He was a wreck and he knew it. He had to get out of the house and do something to get his mind off of these damn dreams.

****

Jerome grabbed his briefcase and jacket from their place on his small apartment's kitchen counter. He glanced at the clock on the microwave and weighed whether to just buy his coffee on the way to work or to make it before he left. Frowning to himself, he decided he'd just pick up some on the way. He walked to the door and checked his tie in the mirror before reaching for the door knob.

Before his hand had made contact with the brass knob, there came a soft knock. Puzzled, Jerome peered through the small hole to see who would be visiting at this hour. He figured that it was probably Stacy from next door. On more than one occasion he'd helped her retrieve a very social beagle named Max. Max frequently found a way to wiggle out of his collar when Stacy would take him for a walk in the mornings. She was always nice to Jerome and he'd found the beagle to be cute. Never having pets growing up, he found it easy to enjoy the giving and getting the attention from Max. 
