 Something Old, Something New

One morning, a month or so later Bom was waiting for Zalen by the main entrance.

"So it's ready then?"

The architect tapped the huge door frame, then nodded.

"Yep. The boys are still checking the pipes to make sure there's still running water everywhere but other than that we're done."

"Pretty impressive considering it's only been - what? Four months?"

"Yep. Most people would have called building a temple this big this fast impossible. But most temples don't have a few giants, a handful of mages and a small army of workers building them."

"Or a great architect like you managing the whole thing," Sindara added, having joined them mid conversation.

"Bah, it's nothing," the dwarf said, waving his hand dismissively.

"Nothing? Not only did you build a beautiful temple but designed this whole gorgeous section that will be open for all visitors and will be used for all the festivals! And you've also made this temple the biggest House of Veils yet!"

The dwarf made another dismissive sound but his wide smile revealed his satisfaction.

"What about all those empty rooms?"

The last question had come from Mirada who had just joined them.

"Well, I'm an architect, furniture isn't really down my mineshaft. I was handed a detailed list on how to do your rooms but a lot of the rest you will have to take care yourselves."

Zalen nodded. "So our rooms are ready?"

Mirada's wide smile was pretty much an answer on its own.

"Oh, they certainly are! And they look gorgeous!"

"Great to hear," the dwarf replied. "Now I'll go check if the guys are done and then I'm finally heading back to the city to get a beer. So if you'll excuse me..."

"Ok. Have fun!"

With the dwarf gone there was a brief silence as they all admired the main hall.

"So this is really going to be our new home," Sindara said with a smile on her face.

"Yes. Based on what Vivariel told me the last time I saw her we can all live here from now on, even if only you Mirada and Sumi are Veils. I will probably need to travel from time to time and you can of course always come with me but afterwards we'll always return here."

"That's great to hear," Sindara said, giving Zalen a kiss on the cheek. "But there's still one more thing that needs to be taken care of."

"Which is?"

"Come with us."

The duo led Zalen to the shared space between their personal rooms. Not only were all his other wives present but also Dimianne, D'Sheyn, Mimin and Xudaal.

"Sit there," Sindara instructed, pointing towards the floor pillow in the middle.

Zalen did so, looking around at the women around him.

"Was there something you wanted to talk about?"

"Yes," Sindara replied, "but before that: Yes, we all agree so you don't need to ask us. Ok, now."

Before Zalen had time to decipher Sindara's cryptic comment he noticed Mimin moving towards him, followed by Xudaal and D'Sheyn. All three sat in front of him placing their hands on his knees.

D'Sheyn was the first to speak up, grabbing his hands.

"I love you with all my heart. Will you marry me?"

Before he had time to say anything she had moved his hands to Mimin who grabbed them.

"I love you with all my heart. Will you marry me?"

And again his hands were passed on to Xudaal.

"I love you with all my heart. Will you marry me?"

The moon dragon released his hands, waiting for his answer.

Zalen however was just staring at the three women in front of him. He quickly looked around only to see everyone else smiling and nodding at him.

Ah, so that's what Sindara had meant.

Zalen let out a long breath.

"I'm not sure if this is really happening or this is just one long, amazing dream, but yes. My answer is yes to all three of you. I love you." He looked around the room. "Just like I love each and every one of you. You are all free to enjoy life with others as well, but I do know I love being with you and will do my best to keep you happy."

He didn't have time to say anything more before the three had hopped up and bowled him over, hugging and kissing him.

"Well, congratulations!"

The kisses paused as the three turned to look at the new voice. Vivariel's apparition was sitting at the table near the wall, once again wearing very little.

"Looks like the first official event at my temple isn't going to be my own after all but a triple wedding!"

The goddess turned to look at Dimianne.

"Want to make it a quadruple one?"

The succubus laughed. "Oh I still don't really see enough significance in marriage to do that. But if it's your marriage ritual they'll be doing then I'm more than willing to be there as a guest!"

The goddess winked at her. "Great!"

She turned towards Zalen and the trio on him.

"Once you have made your preparations just come to the altar!"

*

The preparations took quite a bit longer than he would have thought but it was still the same day before Sindara poked her head through the doorway and dropped a pile of clothes on the table by the door.

"Put these on. Vivariel's instructions! And once you're done, come to the altar room!"

With that she was gone. 

She had also been careful to keep her body behind the door, probably to keep her own outfit a surprise. Maybe his current wives were also wearing something special?

Zalen's own outfit turned out to be a dark vest, a colorful band of flowers around his head and dark pants that were quite skintight. 

Then again, given that this was Vivariel's ceremony he was wearing a lot more than he'd have suspected.

Making his way to the main altar room he found everyone already waiting for him.

Vivariel was standing at the front and this time she didn't look translucent like before.

By the altar stood his three future wives. Each one was wearing a white, long veil in her hair, a flowery band supporting her breasts like two cupped hands and another translucent veil around her hips. The curves of the veil left the area between their thighs quite bare.

There was probably some particular significance to why his clothes were a lot less revealing than theirs but right now he didn't really care.

Around them in a wide half circle sat the rest of his wives. They all wore colorful short skirts that definitely looked similar to the flower bands both he and the trio were wearing.

The three brides were all smiling radiantly and they waved him over.

They weren't the only ones smiling though. As Zalen walked forward he could see similar happy expressions on pretty much every face. Mirada looked positively giddy and was having a hard time sitting still.

Sindara looked every bit like a happy mother - even if she was her wife.

Sumi was whispering something to Jazmyn and Dinah and the three of them were giggling out loud.

As Zalen reached his place Mimin stepped in front of him. She turned to lean her back against him, grabbed his hands and crossed them in front of her. Xudaal who was now on his left side took his right hand while D'Sheyn did the same on the other side. Both women placed their free hand on Zalen's buttocks.

After a short pause Vivariel began.

"We are gathered here today to celebrate the love of these four, to celebrate the day when they wish to announce it to the world."

"Zalen. Do you wish to marry Mimin, to bring her pleasure and happiness both in good days and in bad?"

"I do."

Vivariel then turned to ask the same question from Mimin, then repeating the same with D'Sheyn and Xudaal.

The goddess smiled.

"You may now lick the brides."

Zalen blinked.

"...whuh?"

There were suddenly three floating chairs near the trio and they promptly sat down, spreading their thighs invitingly. Yep, he had heard correctly then.

"Since they were the ones to propose, it's you who will get to use your mouth," Vivariel's voice explained in his mind.

Well, he was more than happy to oblige.

Starting with Xudaal he began kissing her outer lips. As his mouth made contact with her there were a few surprised gasps from behind him. His first instinct was to turn and look but Xudaal had already placed her hand behind his head. Oh well, he'd find out later if something noteworthy was happening.

Kisses. Lines drawn with his tongue. Light nibbles. As he went on Xudaal was beginning to moan and there were similar sounds coming from behind him.

Perhaps his wives were having a little fun together?

Feeling Mimin's toes on his shoulder he realized it was probably time to switch to the next bride.

Moving in front of the petite redhead he had his head promptly captured by her legs and pulled against her crotch.

"Just lick my cunny hard," Mimin moaned. "I could feel everything you did to Xudaal - and I think so could every other woman here!"

Ah. That certainly explained the moans from the audience! He certainly hadn't expected this. But it definitely sounded like something Vivariel would add to her marriage ceremony.

Well, if he was now truly licking everyone...

Eagerly his tongue danced against the delicious little redhead. He brought up his fingers, beginning to circle around her entrance with a soft touch.

"Oo yess... Put them in," Mimin whispered, her feet pressing against his neck demandingly.

He did so, prompting gasps from behind him.

"Oo, I think I love this wedding," Sumi's voice announced from somewhere.

Using both his tongue and two fingers he continued pleasuring Mimin, bringing out more and more moans from the audience as well as from his immediate target.

"Lick my cunny! Ooo... Pleasure me with that tongue! Mmmm... So good!"

"Come on, Mimin! It's my turn now!"

D'Sheyn's voice finally prompted Mimin to release his head, allowing Zalen to move between the blue haired woman's thighs.

He took a quick peek behind him. Indeed, all of his wives in the semi-circle looked quite flustered and more than a few of them were now caressing themselves.

"Don't stop, Zalen!"

"I want to feel your tongue again!"

"Go on!"

With a smile he did just that, diving between D'Sheyn's thighs. And again he also put his fingers to good use as well.

As his tongue danced against her sensitive parts D'Sheyn was running her fingers over his cheeks.

"I still feel just as giddy about having you there as I did the very first time you went down on me!"

Zalen smiled, planting a direct kiss on her nub. "I loved doing this then and I love doing this now!"

"It's time for the rings," Vivariel's voice finally announced.

As Zalen pulled his head and fingers back he was promptly led to the altar itself.

"Climb on it," Vivariel instructed in a soft voice, handing him something. That something turned out to be three rings. They looked like a mix of gold and some other metal.

Before he had time to investigate it further he felt something slide on his cock. To his surprise it turned out to be a similar ring. He was even more surprised when it changed size, settling snugly around the base of his cock.

"You can move it to your finger afterwards. Now give Xudaal her ring," Vivariel's voice explained in his mind.

The draconic beauty had already climbed astride him. She held out her hand and Zalen slipped one of the rings on her ring finger.

"I pronounce you husband and wife!"

Upon the last word Xudaal slid on his cock, bringing more than a few moans from around the room. Including from Zalen as she still felt quite cold. Not as icy as normally though. Perhaps the ring had a protective enchantment on it?

"Rrrr... You still feel just as amazing," she purred, slowly moving her hips. "Too bad I can't go wild just yet without messing up the ceremony!"

Zalen blinked. If every woman present truly felt everything he did and she went into the draconic frenzy upon orgasm - yeah, on one hand he did want to see the results but it probably wasn't a good idea to keep the other two waiting.

Xudaal did indeed dismount after a moment, sitting instead on the edge of the altar to gently caress his chest.

Mimin had already taken her place.

"I pronounce you husband and wife!"

"Oohhh... you still feel cool after her!"

Zalen raised his hands on her perky breasts.

She was now riding him with long, slow strokes, every now and then stopping to circle her hips with just the tip inside her. Then she again plunged down, often bringing out new moans from the audience.

"I love seeing your face when I'm riding you," the sexy little redhead murmured. "I want to make you look as horny as I feel!"

She emphasized the last word by suddenly riding him deep and fast.

"Ohhh yes," someone muttered.

Mimin had suddenly stopped, now hovering right above his erect pole.

"And teasing you a little is also so much fun!"

"It is," Jazmyn's voice confirmed.

Again the women switched with D'Sheyn sliding down on him.

"I pronounce you husband and wife."

Vivariel stepped back, then sat in the air.

"Ok, the official part is over! Now I'm just here to enjoy the show!"

"Finally!"

He wasn't fully sure who had said that but he soon received his answer as Sumi arrived next to him, quickly climbing to sit on his face.

D'Sheyn was still riding his cock but Zalen's focus was now on the lusty cutie within tongue reach.

"Oohhh... Now I can feel both your tongue and your cock at the same time! This is amazinggg..."

"Oh Vivariel," Mirada's voice piped up. "Ohh... For how long... ahh... will we feel everything he does to one of us?"

"Until you leave the room," Vivariel replied. "But I can teach you this spell later if you want."

"Ohhhh please do!"

With Sumi's delicious crotch filling his view he couldn't see what was happening behind her but based on the sounds he heard Xudaal was now also pleasuring D'Sheyn.

"Ohhh, if you rub me like that, I'm going... to..."

"Cum for him! I'm also so close, I really need him inside me again, or..."

A moment later D'Sheyn's vocal moan announced that she had indeed reached her peak.

And a moment later he felt the women switch, with Xudaal's icy pussy again engulfing his thick cock. And based on how wet she was she was indeed quite close.

She had barely gotten him inside her as she began a hard ride, making Sumi shiver on top of his face.

"Ohh by the skies, I'm... about to..."

Xudaal's sudden orgasmic roar made Sumi jump. A moment later he felt her go crazy.

Zalen had already gotten somewhat used to the moon dragon's post-orgasmic frenzies but the same of course didn't apply to the others. 

Even though it was Xudaal who was going on a rampage on his cock, it still felt the same to the others as if it was him wildly fucking her!

Sumi had already fallen off him and a quick look around confirmed that the only ones still upright were Dimianne and Kity. Everyone else was down, moaning and gasping from magically shared sensations.

After riding through more than a few orgasms Xudaal had finally calmed down. Giving him a kiss she stepped down.

One by one his amazing wives took turns to ride him. Vivariel had also wordlessly handed him seven more rings to give to his existing wives.

Sindara, with her amazing breasts. Sindara who was always there to take care of him and everyone else.

"I love you," he said as he slipped a ring in her finger.

"I love you too," she murmured, riding him with a happy smile.

Mirada, with those beautiful legs and a surprisingly naughty mind. Had she not been his wife she would still have made an awesome partner for arcane studies.

"I love you."

"Oo I love you too!"

Leilah, with her cute face and her fit body. The fighter, the adventurer and the little sex bomb in one hot package.

"I love you."

"I... I love you too," she whispered, still looking slightly embarrassed.

Jazmyn, with her perfect hourglass figure. The eternal tease. He'd already had so much fun playing anything and everything with her.

"I love you."

"I love you too!"

Dinah, with those curves that were nearly identical to her sister's. And just like her they were still unmatched at just how pleasurable they could make riding him feel.

"I love you."

"I love you too!"

Kity, with her beautiful, dark skin and that amazing, curvy butt. Her naughty mind was always a pleasure and training with her always a treat.

"I love you."

"I love you too, my handsome hunk!"

Sumi, with her exotic beauty and a nearly insatiable sex drive. She was always great company, even though spending time with her usually led to sex.

"I love you!"

"I love you too! And this sexy cock!"

D'Sheyn, with her gorgeous face and those breasts that would turn eyes anywhere. And even though it had originally been her looks that had drawn his eyes, she had turned out to be a really great person to spend time with.

"I love you."

"I love you too, my husband!"

Xudaal, with her icy cooch but a warm smile. He still had a hard time believing that this moon dragon who had lived for hundreds of years would truly want to be part of his harem but she did seem to genuinely enjoy being with him and his other wives.

"I love you."

"I love you too. And thank you for coming to me."

Mimin, with those delicious curves and that feisty personality. She had drawn his eyes when they first met and had pretty much captured his heart the first time she sat on his face, even if he hadn't realized it until a lot later.

"I love you."

"I love you too! Me and my horny cunny!"

And Dimianne. Even though she wasn't actually his wife, she was still every bit as part of the group regularly sharing his bed and his heart. She might well one day decide to go her own way, but for now she seemed quite happy to be with him and on his cock.

"I love you."

Dimianne smiled, leaning down to place her lips right beside his ear.

"I love you too," she whispered before sitting up again.

"Do you want to be next, Vivariel?"

The goddess didn't answer Dimianne's question as the succubus dismounted him but instead Vivariel slowly walked towards him, stopping to caress the tip of his cock with her fingertips.

"Not today. I will need him for the ritual three days from now but today I will just watch.

"Very well. Who is next then?"

"Me!"

"Me!"

"Me!"

"Me!"

Zalen chuckled. At this rate he'd need most of the three days just to recover!

But that was a problem he was more than happy to face.