 Arrivals

With Xudaal now on their side the temple project had suddenly turned from a far away goal into a real target.

By the time they had made their way to Two Hills Zalen found to his surprise that the giants weren't the only ones there.

In addition to the giant trio there was a group of dwarves there as well, apparently waiting for him.

The leader of the group had really short hair but a thick beard with a thin steel band around it. And for some reason he was wearing only black.

"Are you the chief veil?"

"Umm, yes I am. I'm Zalen."

"Got the gold?"

"Yes. Are you here to help build the temple?"

"Yep."

The strange dwarf turned around, raising his voice. There was a veil hanging from his back pocket.

"Okay boys, we have the funds! Let's get this project started!"

As the other dwarves hopped on their horses and set out in different directions Zalen had time to properly talk with the gruff dwarf whose name turned out to be Bom Steelbeard.

Apparently there was not only a new House of Veils in Um-Barrad but they had at some point gained Bom as a member. And as he was a skilled architect Vivariel had immediately enlisted him to build the temple. And as he later showed Zalen, he had already drawn the plans for the temple, made the contracts for the necessary materials and the workers and was now just waiting here for Zalen to fulfill the last requirement for the building to actually start.

And indeed, within a few days the site had become busy with activity. Caravans carrying materials kept arriving at a steady pace, workers came from the nearby cities, the giants were helping dig the foundations for the temple and so on.

The moon dragon had promised to act as the treasurer during the construction. And she definitely proved out to be a great one! More than a few merchants who had been trying to raise their prices at the last moment suddenly changed their minds when face to face with a moon dragon. A couple more panicked ones even tried to offer her the products for free but to her credit she always insisted on paying a fair price.

The dwarven architect wasn't the only one enlisted by Vivariel either. As the building project continued every now and then someone arrived carrying a veil, having been enlisted by Vivariel to help. Carpenters, a halfling cook, an elven blacksmith, a few mages and so on. And every time the lead architect smoothly put them to work as if he had been waiting for the new arrival all this time.

Zalen himself was alternating between spending time at the temple site and the nearby city. The mages had helped Zalen cast a semipermanent portal between the site and his tavern room in the city. He often used it to jump to the site in the morning with one or two of his wives, use his spells to help with the construction and then return to the city before sunset.

One day he was again at the site helping the masons.

"There's someone to see you, my love," Mirada smiled, giving Zalen a kiss.

Walking to the main entrance that was actually starting to resemble one already, he almost walked into a familiar butt.

"Nelly!"

The demigiantess turned, looking a little apprehensive.

"Hi, Zalen."

Zalen frowned. "Umm, is something wrong?"

"Well, I have some good news and some bad news. And they're both kinda the same thing."

"Well, what is it then?"

Nelly fiddled with the hem of her skirt. 

"I... I actually found a man. A demigiant like me! And we're returning back east together!

I know I said I'd come here for you but now..."

Zalen nodded.

"I understand. And don't worry, your happiness is the important thing here."

Nelly smiled. "Thank you. I... I just didn't want to leave without coming to talk with you first."

There was moment of silence.

"So... you probably won't need the crystal anymore then?"

"Hopefully not."

She suddenly grinned. "But I'm not giving it back either! I'm keeping it until we reach our people. And the first cute girl I meet who complains about never getting good sex will get the crystal and can come find you!"

Zalen laughed.

"Ok, I'll be ready for her then!"

A week or so later Zalen was sitting in one of the temporary huts that had been quickly built to store the supplies that might get ruined by the occasional rain. He was trying to make sense of the lighting diagram the architect had drawn and trying to decide what permanent spells it would require to achieve.

He was too focused on the problem at hand to hear the footsteps but even he couldn't help noticing someone plant her butt on top of the diagram.

Especially since she was wearing a short skirt and apparently nothing underneath it.

He looked up and was surprised to see Mimin.

"Can I join your harem?"

"Huh?"

Zalen blinked, staring at the petite redhead in front of him. She was looking mostly annoyed.

A moment later she sighed, leaning back to stare at the wall above Zalen.

"I know, I can't believe it either. I was always the type to prefer girls," Mimin finally said. "And men were just some extra fun. 

After the initiation we spent months visiting the Houses, giving the Kiss to former and new Veils alike. It was fun. Really fun."

She turned her gaze towards Zalen again, looking even more annoyed than before.

"But for some. Damn. Reason. I still spent nearly every night flicking my bean thinking of you!"

Zalen felt like he was supposed to say something at this point but he couldn't come up with anything that would sound sensible. Especially since his mind kept returning to the idea of Mimin pleasuring herself, and even more so since her bare cunt was still right in front of him.

"I still have no idea why but I finally realized I had to come here or go crazy. And yes, I already talked with your wives."

"Umm, what did they say?"

"They laughed at my problem! After that I got plenty of hugs and they all said I was more than welcome to become your wife but still!"

Mimin tapped the table with her fingers, biting her lip. She then spread her thighs a little wider, placing her hands on her inner thighs.

"So will you accept me and this little cunny? Can I stay with you?"

"Uffph. Sure, I guess! I think I need to get to know you better before I can answer the harem question but otherwise you're more than welcome."

Mimin smiled, making Zalen momentarily feel like a deer catching a whiff of a predator.

"Good!"

She hopped off the table, grabbing a hold on the waistband of Zalen's britches.

"I promised Leilah and Di they could come watch so we'll return through your portal, go fetch the two of them and then I'm going to ride your tongue and your cock like they were the only cure!"

He wasn't exactly surprised when he found the two of them already waiting in his room and on his bed.

"Didn't want to miss the show," Dimianne explained. "Although if you had taken much longer we would have already found another way to entertain ourselves."

Leilah's sideways glance and a slight blush left little doubt what their entertainment would have been like.

"Make room," Mimin ordered, still pulling Zalen behind him.

As the two others spread out, Mimin whirled around him and pushed him down on the bed.

"Finally..."

A moment later the petite redhead was sitting on his face, moving her hips as if trying to wiggle inside a warm blanket.

"Now lick my cunny..."

Needless to say, he was more than happy to. Putting his tongue to good use he wrapped his arms around her thighs, enjoying the cute redhead riding his tongue.

"Ooo I love your tongue," Mimin murmured. "I think I may start waking you up in the mornings like this!"

"You're more than welcome," Zalen replied.

"And the one whose turn was to share his bed can go down on him at the same time," Dimianne added. "I love to watch you squirm..."

The last part had been in a different enough a tone that he suspected it had been directed at Leilah. With Mimin on him he couldn't see them but his focus was on the delicious cunny right above him anyway.

"MMhmm... Right there. Lick my cunny. Aahh... oo yesss..."

The delicious redhead was watching his face between her thighs and had begun rubbing the area right above her clit. Zalen moved his tongue to caress it from the other side while he slid one hand behind her to lightly caress her tighter entrance.

"MmHHmm. Slide it in," Mimin murmured.

He was more than happy to fulfill her request.

With his finger a third of the way in she suddenly gave a little yelp and began grinding her hips against his tongue.

A moment later she hit her peak, her body jolting on top of him.

Feeling mischievous he didn't fully stop this time. Instead he kept licking her, just a little softer. Her own movements had pushed his finger deeper in her butt and it was now halfway in.

Mimin gave a little growl, grabbing his hair.

"Mmmmm... I can't believe just how bad I want you," she groaned.

"How bad?"

He emphasized the question by wiggling his finger inside her butt.

"Ohh yesss... Damn you..."

Suddenly Mimin had bounced off his face and his finger and practically ripped off his clothes.

A quick look to the side confirmed that Dimianne and Leilah were indeed quite busy with each other. Or more precisely their hands were as both were still eagerly watching Mimin and Zalen.

Having gotten rid of his clothes the fierce redhead had laid down next to him, giving him a passionate kiss.

"Now get on top, and fill my cunny! I want all of you!"

Rolling on top of her she quickly aligned his rod with her cooch, her legs now wrapped around him.

"Go in. Deeper. MMhmm. Deeper. Deeper. Aaahh... Deeper!"

Even though Mimin was shorter than any of his wives, it was surprising just how easily her drenched pussy accepted his whole cock.

"Oohh.. it's so perfect for my cunny," she purred, as if reading his mind. "So big and hard!"

Her lust was also inflaming his and before he even realized he was pounding down on her with an equal fervor, both their moans filling the room.

"Fuck my cunny! MMhmm... I need it! I need your cock! AAhh... Take me hard!"

"If we don't slow down I'm... going to..."

"Go on! I want to feel it! Fill my cunny with it! Aaahh... Cum for me!"

She had begun thrusting her hips against his, fucking him back just as much as he was fucking her.

And given the situation he couldn't have lasted much longer anyway.

With a vocal groan he began pumping his load inside her, triggering her own orgasm as well.

As he half collapsed on top of her he felt her kiss his cheek and add in an uncharacteristically gentle voice:

"I love you..."

He was way too out of breath to reply anything but she seemed quite happy to just feel him against her.

"Wow, I knew it would be worth coming here to watch," Leilah's voice noted, looking at the exhausted pair with an amused smile.

"Maybe we should get Sumi and Mimin to share his bed tonight," Dimianne pondered. "That could get even more interesting!"

"Oo, so it could!"

"Sounds fun," Mimin purred. 

Zalen chuckled weakly. What a day this was turning out to be!