 Dangerous Pleasures

"This is it. The moon dragon is down there," the man said, looking around with a frown.

"Does the dragon often come out? Is that why you're worried?"

The man shook his head. "Nah. Only seen her once in the horizon. She rarely bothers anyone these days. But can I get my money now?"

Zalen nodded, handing the guide the rest of his payment. 

"There you go."

"Much appreciated. And now I'm getting the hell out before you enrage the dragon. You're not the first I've led to this cave. None of the others have returned. So if you're planning to kill her or steal from her I'd suggest against it."

"Nothing like that. I'm planning to have sex with her."

The man stopped to stare at him. Then he shrugged, walking away.

"Good luck with that then."

Well, he could hardly argue against it if the man considered him insane. Especially since he pretty much agreed. Still, he'd come too far to turn around now.

The cave continued down and quickly forced Zalen to use a light spell to see anything.

Deeper and deeper he went following the winding cave.

"Damn."

The path below was blocked. Looks like there had been a cave-in leaving the path full of huge rocks. He could of course try blasting the rocks away but it might just create a bigger cave-in and crush him as well. Too bad he'd never learned a spell to turn ethereal or something like that.

Except...

Searching the wall of rocks using a focused light beam he finally found what he was looking for: a downward sloping hole that led through the blockage. Perfect.

Digging through his pack he took out the small bottle of wine and the tiny bag tied with a string. Pouring the contents of the bag in the wine he shook the bottle a little and then drank it all.

Next he cast a protective spell on the vial containing the fireseed oil and dropped the vial in the hole. It bounced and slid down - and made it all the way through. Good.

Setting his staff inside the hole as well he began casting a spell. A moment later everything began to grow, forcing him to release the staff which slid down the hole.

As he reached fairy size he climbed after it.

He had tried Enayiel's spell once and noted that while it did shrink both him and his clothes, anything else he had with him would stay normal size. He'd have to return for his bag later but at least this way he could get get both his staff and the fireseed oil with him.

Still, climbing down through the cave-in was far from a relaxing experience. Twice he almost slipped which would have been deadly here. If he lost consciousness here, the spell would end while he was still between the huge rocks... Well, he'd never wake up again if that happened.

Still, he finally made it through, returned to normal size, collected his staff and placed the fireseed oil in his pocket.

Looking at the cave-in from this side there were clear marks on the wall, possibly from a dragon's tail. Had Xudaal caused the cave-in on purpose to block this route? Quite possibly.

Indeed, it didn't take long for him to find Xudaal's lair. Peeking around the corner he saw mountains of coins, gems and jewelry. And between them laid a silvery white dragon, its eyes closed and using its long tail as a pillow beneath its jaw. It was big enough to crush him beneath its foot and its breathing was causing a cold wind in the cave.

Zalen braced himself and walked in.

"Greetings Xudaal, The Beauty of the Night!"

The mighty wyrm opened her eyes. She didn't really seem surprised at his entrance which meant she had sensed his presence a long ago. She just laid there and gazed at the intruder.

Zalen stopped in front of her, waiting for her to say something. The silence went on and it was starting to make Zalen uncomfortable.

Finally the dragon spoke.

"So... why are you here? A thief would have tried to sneak in. If you were a misguided hero you would have come armed.

You are a mage, aren't you? I'm not interested in spell battles, you know."

Zalen drew a deep breath.

"I have come to offer you a trade, Xudaal."

"A trade?" 

The wyrm raised her head slightly, pulling her tail back behind her and tilting her head. "What might you actually have that might interest me? And what of mine do you want in return?"

"I want half your treasure."

The moon dragon blinked. "...and?"

"And I will give you the orgasm you have never been able to reach."

The silvery wyrm was silent and just stared at Zalen. And stared some more.

He was beginning to get even more nervous under her powerful stare.

"I'm not going to even ask how you know about that. But since you are the first one ever to have the audacity to suggest a trade like that I assume you're not just trying to fool me and think you might actually succeed."

The dragon's silvery form suddenly wavered. In its place was now standing a woman who looked mostly elven except for her eyes that were human and had the slight slant he had seen on the eastern traders. She was completely nude. Her hair was silver colored and shoulder length. Down there her hair had the same color and was either shaved to the shape of wings or looked like that naturally.

"I will warn you though. If you fail, you will face the same fate as the thieves and heroes before you."

The dragon waved her fingers towards the stone table by the wall. On it stood tiny statuettes that looked remarkably life-like.

Zalen gulped.

"I understand. But I'm not going down until you have reached the top."

The dragon smiled. "Well, at least this day won't get boring. Very well, you have a deal. And you have time until sunset."

"Sunset? Great! Then we'll have time for a few extra ones."

The dragon laughed. "Ever the optimist, aren't you?"

Zalen looked around.

"Is there a bed here? The piles of treasure are certainly pretty but they might get a little uncomfortable to lay on."

Xudaal waved her hand and one of the walls vanished. Behind it was a room with an elegant, wide bed that would not have looked out of place in a queen's chamber. Which it somewhat did in this cave but he wasn't here to do interior design.

He wrapped his arm around her waist and began leading her towards the bed.

"From now this is all about your pleasure. Just relax. I will take care of the rest."

Stopping her just before the bed he dug a silk scarf from his pocket and began covering her eyes with it.

Xudall tensed. "If you are trying to trick me -"

Zalen placed a finger on her lips.

"I swear I'm only here for your pleasure. This is just help you concentrate on my caresses. And you would sense me even without your eyes, am I not correct?"

Xudaal nodded, then seemed to relax. "Go on."

Guiding her on the bed he undressed himself and then began caressing the draconic beauty. Kisses, touches, exploring her body. Searching for the places that felt pleasurable for her. 

No two women were quite alike and a moon dragon might well be completely different from the ones he'd made love to before. And she was certainly gorgeous enough that he would have wanted to bring her pleasure even without his quest.

He kissed the moon dragon once again on the lips.

"Elven wine?"

He hadn't expected Xudaal to recognize the taste.

"It is. A gift for me from an elven priestess," Zalen replied, moving on to kiss the base of her ears.

Her sharper breathing confirmed his suspicion that her elven shape had also brought with it the same sensitive spot he had noticed during his time with the elves.

Slowly but surely Xudaal was forgetting her initial wariness and starting to enjoy his touch.

Fishing out the vial from his pocket he removed the cork, grabbed his spell staff from the floor and cast a spell to activate the oil. As it began to glow he then dropped his staff again and started to pour the oil over her body.

She squirmed sensuously, even more so as he began spreading the oil with his hands.

As his spell had been a simplified version of the one they had used in Vivariel's temple he wasn't at all sure how well the fireseed oil would work on the dragon but based on her moans it was having at least some effect.

Zalen's caresses had been travelling all around her body except between her thighs as he wanted to take his time.

Now as his hands slid along her stomach he noted how she slightly spread her thighs every time his hands moved closer, as if waiting for him to continue there.

Instead he stopped just a little short - and instead grabbed as much of the silvery hair on her mound as he could. He gave it a gentle tug.

A gasp escaped Xudaal's lips. Zalen switched to massaging her mound, then repeated the tug.

The moon dragon's right hand had moved to Zalen's back and she had begun caressing him.

As Zalen continued the special caress on her mound Xudaal's thighs were slowly spreading wider and wider.

He grabbed the vial again and poured the rest of the oil between her thighs. As the oil began slowly running down he followed it with his hand, spreading it all over her most sensitive parts, bringing out a long moan from the draconic beauty.

As he finally slid his fingers inside her to spread the fireseed oil there he immediately noticed one thing. Her insides - well, he had been surprised how hot a dwarven pussy was. The moon dragon's cunt was the total opposite - it was really cold! If it wasn't for the fireseed oil coating his arm and providing some insulation he would have had to pull his fingers out already.

With his fingers now caressing her insides he was still equally active with his mouth. From her ears he had moved to her neck, then to her breasts, then continuing down her body, kissing and licking all the way.

By the time his lips reached her crotch she was already moaning quite audibly.

Still, he was in no hurry. On and on he caressed her, searching for the spots and methods that seemed to bring her the most pleasure. Her moans had reached a plateau, she was clearly enjoying his administrations but it was getting obvious she wouldn't ever reach her peak this way.

"Oooohhh... Fill me..." she whispered amidst her moans.

Well, it was high time to play his final card.

Aligning his cock with her oiled cunt he pushed inside. She - well, flickered, as if her transformation spell was suddenly failing. She did stay in human form, but she unleashed a sound that was somewhere between a roar and a loud moan. Her hips shot up and her whole body shook as the roar kept going.

She suddenly ripped down the blindfold covering her eyes and to his surprise they had changed from her earlier human eyes to those resembling her real dragon form.

It wasn't the only thing that had changed either. Her roar had finally turned into moan and she suddenly went into a frenzy. Even though she was underneath him it was now her that was fucking him with her ice cold pussy.

Her orgasm didn't seem to have lowered her level of passion much. As the crazed dragon kept rampaging underneath him, she unleashed another roar, cumming again.

And the wild cycle just kept going and going. It was as if her body was constantly dancing on the very edge of orgasm and every peak just pushed her momentarily below the surface, only to return there a moment later by the pleasure brought by the man on top of her.

Without the elven wine he wouldn't have lasted long.

Even though she was still sliding her hips against him her frenzy seemed to have finally calmed down and her eyes were looking like a human's again.

"By the skies... My sister had told me that's what happens to us after the first orgasm but I didn't think I'd ever get to experience that.

And now... I have no idea just how many peaks I flew through and I feel like I could easily reach even more of them with you.

It's like you broke through a spell that was holding me to the ground!"

"So you will hold to your part of the bargain?"

"Oh, of course I will. Although I do wish I could keep you here so I could experience this again and again."

Zalen began moving his hips as well, sliding once more fully inside her.

"Well, you are free to travel with me and my harem," he replied, now meeting her relaxed pace.

"Travelling with your harem? I think I might even join your harem," she purred, running her fingers through his hair.

"That part we can discuss later. Because right now... I just want... you!"

With that he grabbed her legs on his shoulders and moved on top of her, beginning to fuck her hard and fast again.

"Aahhahaa... Yess... Yes oh yess... My body is yours!"

Soon they were again lost in the throes of passion, fucking in a primeval frenzy, the fireseed oil amplifying the sensual pleasure brought by their wild sex.

Xudaal had finally pulled him to the side, mounting his cock in a swift movement and a moment later she was riding him in an equally frenzied pace.

"I'm... not stopping... until... you... cum..." she gasped between her sharp breaths, bouncing on him with simple but forceful movements.

Not even the elven wine would help him here.

With the pressure building up with irresistible force, he groaned hard, unleashing his load deep inside the draconic beauty who slammed down her hips one last time, then closing her eyes with a very satisfied expression.

As their breathing was finally returning to normal Zalen noticed Xudaal looking at him with an amused expression.

He looked at her questioningly.

She chuckled lightly. 

"To think I was initially annoyed when I sensed your presence. For once I'm glad I was mistaken!"