 It was funny how it all began, he thought. He had been a healer, and a very special healer for over 20 years now and rarely paused to look back, but he had received a telegram earlier that morning telling him that Esmerelda had died.

Esmerelda was the gypsy woman he met so long ago, that told him of his gift and his fate. He had gone to the local carnival one hot August day, with his girl at the time, Gloria.

He had been dating Gloria for several months and while they had engaged in some fairly heavy petting, they had not gone all the way and he was getting frustrated. He had, up until this time, had only two girls, Ginny who lived down the street. That was in her basement when her folks were away and was rushed and frantic. The first time she seemed to like it, but after the second she had drifted away and wouldn't even talk to him.

On his eighteenth birthday, friends had set him up with a hooker, well, not really a hooker, kind of the town pump. One of those girls who would do it with anyone. He was drunk and while it was thrilling, all the guys were in the next room yelling, and she was impassionate, if giving. Funny thing is, she moved away the week after, and word has it that she became very successful as a fashion designer in New York. He'd often wondered about that.

So, he took Gloria to the carnival, hoping that this would be the night. It was she who wanted to get their fortunes read. "Oh, it will be fun, Mal, come on." Four young gypsy men loitered outside the tent, smoking and eyeing them both. She went in first and came out five minutes later, gushing.

"Oh, Mal. That was so cool. I'm going to live to be an old lady and marry a successful man, and have four children and have a good life. She's good, Mal. And she told me a few things that nobody else knows. Now you go."

He didn't feel like it, he knew it was a sham. They always told you good things, and told you something general that you wanted to believe, and he had only $18 to impress this girl into going all the way tonight. He didn't want to tell her that. She insisted, and so he moved between the blasé black haired men, and ducked into the tent.

It was dark in here, and smelled funny. Incense or something. As his eyes adjusted he could make out brightly colored drapes and rugs and portraits in heavy frames. Their was a small round table in the middle and behind it sat a woman. She might have been forty five. She wore bright clothes, bracelets and necklaces and a scarf wrapped around her head from which long, curly black-black, glistening black hair tumbled from.

She beckoned to him with long, slender fingers tipped with red nail polish. "Come" she said. "Sit. Do not be afraid". Her voice had a huskiness to it, a raspy sensuality, and her lips betrayed a mocking smile. Her eyes were the blackest eyes he had ever seen, they were bright and intent. They seemed to wince slightly as if every movement caused her some new pain.

He sat. "Your girlfriend, she told you? She liked it."

"Yes, she was very pleased."

"And you. You want to see your future, young man? You must be sure because Tristessa will not lie to you." "Well, uh. I guess."

"Ah. You are doing it to please her. No matter. Let me see your hand."

He reached out his right hand and she took it firmly. Her fingers were cool and he felt excitement. She turned it over and began to say something, and then she gasped and let go of his hand and sat upright. Her lip trembled and she had turned pale. 

"What? What is it? What did you see?" All of a sudden he believed she had the power of sight, and she was an older, experienced woman and he had stunned her with something.

"No, no." she said. "It is a good thing. It can be."

She took his hand again and looked into his palm, and this time she smiled. She ran a fingernail down the middle of his palm and he felt an erection starting. He blushed. She laughed.

"You are very special. What is your name?"

Special? "Uh, Malcolm. My friends call me Mal."

"Malcolm. You have a very rare, and special gift. You don't know yet, do you? No, of course. How could you. You were very lucky to run into me. Very lucky. You must come back later, and I will tell you all you need to know, for you do need to know what is happening with you. This is very serious. Whatever you do, you must come back and at least find out what it is you are blessed, or cursed with. Promise me."

"Uh, but Gloria. I am with her and, well, you know" 

"Malcolm. You will not fuck her. Trust me on this. I saw her life. She is nothing. She will marry as a virgin, and you are not the one she will marry. There is much more in store for you."

"Well. I don't know."

Her eyes blazed with fury "Promise me!" She demanded. She stood up and he realized she had a cane he hadn't seen. She stood and hobbled, wincing with each step. Her back was crooked and what had seemed to be an attractive woman was now one he beheld with pity.

"Come with me", she ordered. She took his hand and led him through beaded curtains into the back room, which was her bedroom. They stopped and she held both of his hands and stared deep into his eyes. 

"You have the gift of healing. And of healing in a very special way. If you do not let me tell you all you need to know, you will never be happy. Believe me. Come back. After dark. I need to see you. You need to know."

Then, with a great deal of effort she knelt and unzipped my pants. "Hey" I said. "What are you doing?" Although I didn't try to stop her. I felt myself getting a hard-on and as her cool fingers closed on it and pulled it out, I could only moan.

"Oh, yes." She purred. "This is the cock of a healer. It is very nice and of good size. Don't worry, I know you like this, but we won't waste a drop. The semen is where the power lies. And we only have one night."

Then she lightly planted a kiss on the head of my cock. She pulled back and looked me right in the eyes, and smiled with that sexy, wide mouth and leaned forward again, pursed her lips around the head and drew it slowly into her mouth, sliding down until she could go no further. She had my entire manhood at full erection deep into her mouth and throat as her lips pressed against my skin and hair.

She slowly drew back up and with a slurp, let it come out of her mouth, leaned on her cane, and stood up painfully.

"Zip up, Malcolm. Come back tonight. I will tell you what you need to know, and I will be your first healing. You want to heal me, no? And I promise you won't mind a bit. Tonight your life changes. Go, drop off your girl and come back.

I felt like I had been stung by an electric bee and my emotions were scattered and confused. I didn't know exactly what in the hell was happening here, or what would, but I knew one thing.

I would come back.

End, Part one.