 Luke sat down to what would no doubt be another silent meal with his wife. It didn't matter how hard he tried, he just couldn't repair the damage he had done. His anger flared at himself with the memory of her, knowing that if he had just handled things differently, he would probably be laughing and talking with her right now. He felt like a man being starved. She wouldn't touch him or respond to his touch. He thought briefly about the first time she had mentioned her dreams. He initially thought it was her way of trying to enhance their sex life with a little fantasy knowing of his desire to see his wife with another woman. 

His wife, Andrea, was as straight laced as any woman could be until the dreams began. Her first mention of them was vague, but for Luke just the mention of the ghostly woman that haunted his wife was intensely arousing. Andrea described her as having porcelain skin, cherry red lips, and long flowing hair as black as the night. It stirred his blood again, at the thought of her and the way the words rolled off his wife's tongue. He visualized the two of them together as he had many times. Then he looked over at the empty gaze of his wife as she mechanically put the food to her mouth and wiped her lips with a napkin without even looking in his direction. It was almost more than he could take. 

It was just a few short weeks ago that the dreams began and as time went on they became frequent. It was always the same, but with each new dream his wife became more animated and descriptive. This beautiful, haunting woman named Claire would come to his wife after she had fallen asleep. She would stand over his wife and begin to lightly caress and undress her, awaking every nerve in her body. The details had been difficult for her to describe at first, but as time went on it was amazing to listen to Andrea describe the heat of the woman's lips on her nipples, the wetness of her tongue, and the sound of her ghostly whimpers. His fantasies had reached a new height with her vivid narration. She began to ache for the feeling of their two bodies entwined. It was as if she couldn't wait to get to sleep.

Luke began to feel a little left out. He had considered what her dreams might mean and finally decided to approach her with his thoughts of bringing another woman into their marriage. The shock in her eyes immediately warned him to stop and take the conversation in a different direction, but his desire for it pushed him on. It was as if she had become emotionally attached to Claire. They ended up fighting about it because of her adamant refusal to even consider his suggestion. The silence and distance that was now between them was excruciating. He could see a glint in her eyes some mornings and he would hear her whimper in her sleep, but he was no longer a part of it. He had made the mistake of touching her in her sleep one night as she began to squirm and whimper. She woke immediately and was irrationally angry with him. She belonged to Claire now and he had to find a way to get her back.

They cleaned up dinner and the dishes and he mulled over his course of action. Andrea went up to take a hot bath, which had become her nightly routine. He let his thoughts wander until the doorbell interrupted. He went to the door and opened it, only to be greeted with a very loud "TRICK OR TREAT." His mind raced. He had actually forgotten it was Halloween. He quickly went to the kitchen and grabbed an opened bag of candy. He was relieved as he filled their little bags and complimented their cute ghost costumes. He shook his head sadly at the irony of his situation as he closed the door and flipped off the porch light to discourage more interruptions. 

Luke's thoughts immediately went back to his wife. Halloween night. It was time to bring this ghost to the surface. He wasn't going to let it destroy his marriage. He raced upstairs to their master bedroom and was glad to see that his wife was still soaking in the tub. He grabbed a lighter out of his dresser and began lighting the many candles throughout their bedroom. His wife loved candles. He went to the spare bedroom and got all the spare candles as well and lit them. The room was ablaze with the soft light. He opened the windows to allow the cool crisp breeze of the night in. Then he dressed in a pair of black satin pajama pants, his chest bare the way Andrea liked it. 

He waited patiently for his wife to finish and join him. He slowly paced the floor and quietly began to talk to Claire. He skeptically challenged her to make her presence known and then chuckled to himself at his own absurdity. He was suddenly hit with a strong breeze and turned to close the window. He almost froze in shock at what he saw standing before him. She was exquisite. Her hair was coal black and hanging loosely around her face. Her skin and mouth were just as his wife described. He closed his eyes and shook his head trying to shake off the vision. His eyes opened to the low v-neckline of her sheer white gown. The silhouette of her body underneath took his breath away. He let his eyes roam freely over every inch of her and then his eyes met hers again. 

He almost jumped out of his skin when his wife spoke directly into his ear. He didn't know she had even entered the room. "Do you believe me now?" Her voice dripped with sarcasm, but it was like music to his ears. His heart was pounding so hard he thought his chest would explode. He started to reach for her, but she walked away from him and towards Claire. They were now standing in front of him facing each other and he literally had to back himself towards the bed in order to keep from loosing his balance. He sat on the end of the bed and watched as he reminded himself to breath. 

Andrea's fingertips were lightly caressing Claire's face. Claire put her fingers on his wife's shoulders and slid the pink satin straps off her shoulders, sending her loose fitting negligee to the floor. Andrea reached for a clasp between Claire's breasts and her gown fell softly to the floor as well. Without hesitation they embraced for a kiss. Their lips met with passion as their bodies became entwined. Luke watched as if in a trance, his cock throbbing in need. The two women moved slowly towards him, their lips practically dancing on each other. Their fingers were exploring and grazing every inch of each other's skin. They were standing at the foot of the bed and Claire's hand moved to push Andrea onto the bed. She knelt in front of her legs, pushed her knees apart and leaned in. Luke was mesmerized from just a few inches away. His gorgeous wife was writhing in pleasure as this apparition claimed her, gently kissing and then licking his wife's bare lips. They both moaned in pleasure. 

Luke felt the overwhelming need to be near his wife and pushing his pants off to the floor, took a place beside her with a bit of apprehension as he slid his fingers into her soft hair. She didn't move away. She just looked up at him and smiled as she enjoyed Clair's tongue and lips moving on her. Luke pressed his lips to his wife's mouth kissing her lustfully. His tongue drove into her mouth taking possession of that part of her. He suddenly felt the most incredible sensation on his cock and tore his lips away to see Clair's mouth on him. He had a brief moment of panic until he saw that Clair's fingers were sliding against his wife's swollen clit and she was nearing orgasm. He immediately claimed Andrea's mouth again and moaned into her as he felt the warmth of a mouth sliding on his cock. He pulled his wife with him as he rolled onto his back, his feet now on the floor. She put her hands on his chest and straddled him. Claire moved to stand behind her and wrapped her arms around with one hand guiding Luke's cock into Andrea and the other hand squeezing her breast. Andrea put her head back against Claire's shoulder and the three of them moved together. Clair rubbed Andrea's clit as she helped her to lift and drop her body onto her husband's hard cock. He watched as Clair kissed his wife's neck and lightly pinched her nipples as she moved on him.

Andrea began to cry out in ecstasy and the orgasmic contractions against his cock pushed Luke over the edge. His orgasm shook him to the core and he didn't move right away. He enjoyed the site of his adoring wife lying back against Claire, with a satisfied smile on her face. Claire leaned forward and, with Luke's help, put her on the bed beside him. He looked to see Clair. She smiled and turned to walk away, blowing him a seductive kiss. He pulled Andrea up to the head of the bed and pulled the covers over the two of them. She nestled even closer and she breathed deeply in contentment. Luke closed his eyes with visions of Clair and his beautiful wife to haunt his dreams.