 This is part 1 of an I don't know how long story. Minimal sex in this chapter but more is coming future installments. This is just here to set up the characters for later. Enjoy.

***

John yawned as he stumbled back into his dorm room. College could take a large beating out of him, despite the fact he succeeded in getting all his classes inside of a 9 to 5 window. Still, 9 to 5 was infinitely better than morning or night classes. It didn't matter how difficult they were, only that the time blocks sucked. Not that classes of any kind were difficult now.

In truth, nothing was now. Not unless he wanted the challenge.

He dropped his bag by the door, careful to land it on his pile of dirty laundry as not to damage his laptop before flopping down in his computer chair. He paused, taking in the atmosphere of his dorm room. Thankfully, his recent fortunes allowed for him get a single suit with a large bed all to himself.

He glanced back at his bag. He had some homework, yes, but nothing that couldn't wait. And he wanted to relax. He turned back to his desk and the large computer tower under it and powered up the machine, itching to play some games to wind down a bit before dinner. Soon he was on his desktop with the entire potential of his library at his fingertips. What to play? League of Legends? Rainbow Six Siege? Overwatch? Battlefield? Dying Light? The list went on. He glanced at the League icon on his computer.

League it was then. He yawned.

"I really don't know how you can just ignore me like that every day." A voice said behind him.

He smiled. "If you're hungry, I can feed you after we get dinner tonight."

"Oh, another dinner date? You know, I've told you this time and time again how many other men would be all over me at all times of the day right now."

John rolled his eyes as he turned his chair. "Infinitely many I'm sure. But I am not other men."

Lying on his bed was his 'roommate.' Or his ward, or his servant, or as she enjoyed being called, his slave. A tall girl with pink hair, styled in a tomboyish haircut with the sides shaved. Her nude form completely displayed her toned, athletic physique while her perky C-cup breasts pointed directly at the ceiling along with her sky-blue eyes. Several gear and circuit board patterned tattoos tastefully covered small areas of her neck, shoulder, and sides. Her nose bore a small ring piercing on the left side and her pink nipples both carried small barbells running through them. Overall, she stood easily an inch taller than himself, and that was without shoes.

Not that he minded.

After all, she had crafted herself to be exactly what he fantasized about. If the campus wanted to judge him for having what many perceived as a girlfriend who was taller than him, so be it. John never really understood the kind of guys who found a girl taller than them intimidating. One look at Vy told him they were missing out on some of the universe's greatest pleasures.

She glanced through her phone one last time before sitting up and turning to face him.

"Do you ever wear clothes when I'm gone?"

Vyleth smiled. "Why would I? I'm a succubus remember? Clothes just get in the way."

Slowly, she spread her long legs, exposing herself to him. Here, he caught a glance at her pubic hair, cleanly styled into three chevrons that pointed down at her slit. Something told him he wasn't going to be playing League for a while. He sighed and stood up from the chair and moved toward his bed.

Vy's smile grew as he approached. John tossed his coat away to the floor as Vy scooted herself farther onto the bed. He glanced her right shoulder. Just slightly above it sat the one piece of imperfection on her milky white skin. A small pale scar in the shape of a circle with some strange pattern inside of it, no larger than a half dollar.

A brand. The thing that bound her to him. The thing that prevented her from returning to hell, from disobeying him, from betraying him, from sucking him dry to death. The thing that prevented her from doing all the things that now, a few years into their... what he called a partnership, she no longer desired to do.

He glanced into her eyes.

The hunger was there, it always would be there. She was a succubus after all. But now, as of about two years ago, there was something more there as well. Desire. Not just for him as a lover but for him as a person. He saw it, he knew it, hell, thanks to the brand her link to him, he could even feel it. Life on Earth had changed her, made her grow from beyond a simple minded demonic hell spawn into something infinitely more beautiful in his eyes. She was a demon yes, but she was his demon.

He could feel it growing inside of her. Strangely, the thing that impressed him the most about her development also scared him the most. Those familiar feelings of hers flooded his mind, momentarily clouding him before he brought himself back to reality.

He smirked at her, leaning down and gently running a finger over her neck and touching the small scar on her neck. Her head craned down into his hand and she let out a childlike squeal. Ever since it properly healed, unlike a scar on a human, hers had grown incredibly ticklish and, when properly probed, sensually sensitive.

With his other hand, he placed a finger on her chest and forced her back down onto the bed before running his face down torso, breathing in her scent. Of course, as a sex demon, she smelled infinitely better than what any human girl could ever hope to achieve with perfumes. Her scent was hard to describe. Fruits like apples and strawberries, mixed with homely scents he'd loved growing up as a child like coffees and caramels and candies topped off with the slightest hint of vanilla. All of it combined like a well-crafted and aged whisky to form something that was uniquely Vy. Something he loved.

Stopped, just before her sex and opened his eyes and stood back up. He glanced down her naked form, her legs still spread open for him, her arms crossed above her head and a sexually aggressive grin on her face. Most men on campus would likely have done hellish things to be in his shoes right now. He closed his eyes and allowed himself a smile at that thought.

Unfortunately for Vy, at least for the moment, he was not most men. And the thing that told him he wouldn't be playing League for a while had been dreadfully wrong.

Desert would wait until after dinner and Vy would have to suffer for a few hours.

John turned at sat back down in his computer chair and quickly logged into League of Legends.

Behind him he heard Vy let out a disappointed groan.

"Are you kidding me!" She nearly yelled.

"You'll be fine." He laughed. "I told you, after we eat dinner. Then you can do whatever you want to me. Within reason of course."

"Come on! I've been waiting for you to get back all day! I'm fucking starved for you! In every sense of the word!"

"You'll survive I'm sure."

"Ugh! I fucking hate you sometimes! Why couldn't you have been born a nymphomaniac or something?"

Behind him, he heard her slouch back onto the bed. Slowly he reached up and touched his own circular scar on his own neck, running a small circle over its edge. On himself, it felt like a normal scar, part of his body where the nerves had died, and he barely felt it. On her, however, she felt his touch along her neck.

"Stop teasing me!" She whined. "Don't bug me unless you want to fuck."

"Patience is bitter but it's fruit is sweet, young Vy."

"I'm older than you, idiot."

"Okay, fine. If you're really that uncomfortable..." He pressed a finger into his brand. "Pleasure yourself."

She felt his order in her mind, knowing what he wanted her to do. He knew she felt it, yet still he expected her question.

"That an order?" She asked, slightly more perky than before.

"Take it as a suggestion."

"I'd appreciate it if you ordered it." She sang, her mood improving.

"Very well. I want you to masturbate yourself to as many orgasms as you can on the bed. Challenge though, only use your hands, no toys. And make as much noise as you want. Actually, scratch that, make all the noise. I want people to hear it. Will that hold you over until after we eat?"

She giggled. "Oh of course master! As you command."

He spared a glance behind him as she laid down on their shared bed, her head on one of their pillows, her legs spread wide with one hand already plunging into her dripping sex, the other fondling her breasts. Below her, her fluids began to drip down, slowly at first, then almost to what would be considered unnatural levels as it pooled below her as she thrust her hips toward the ceiling.

He shook his head and turned back to his computer as her excited moans began to fill his dorm room. Music to his ears. She considered his restraint and patience at times to be inhuman. It probably was to some degree. But in truth, there was something strangely enjoyable about listening to her please herself while he played video games.

He peered back. Her eyes were closed, and her mouth had opened into that signature sexy O face she grew as she edged herself ever closer. Her crotch was a mess of her fluids the dark wet spot on the blankets slowly grew ever larger. Were it not for her supernatural abilities, he probably would have had to make significant investments in blankets and sheets for her activities. Slowly, Vy's familiar scent began to fill the room, slowly intoxicating him as he entered a match and selected a champion. He pulled on his headphones as her moans and squelching began to intensify.

Today he felt like picking the one she'd modeled her appearance after. Or rather, the one he'd modeled his fantasy after. Vi in the top lane. There was something incredibly satisfying about the whole exercise of playing the character while her real-life counterpart fingered herself behind him.

Shame others couldn't experience it for themselves.

Yet still, he knew all of this, while allowing him his own kind of hedonistic pleasures, only served as a distraction from the main problem that had plagued his mind for the last two years now. The thing that had often stopped him from going further and doing more things with her that he should have been doing. The thing that drove him into the helpful distraction of his school work and the greater task for the world he'd set himself to.

Vy, a succubus, his succubus, had fallen in love with him.

And he was quite unsure of how to deal with it.

Soon, his single game was finished, almost an hour later and it was time to go out to eat. In the meantime, Vy had masturbated a considerable puddle on the bed. When he turned to face her again, she merely returned a mischievous grin. With a wave of her hand, the bed almost supernaturally dried itself, leaving nothing more but Vy's already intoxicating scent permeating the space.

John just shook his head.

"What?" Vy giggled, sitting up on the bed and scooting toward the edge.

"Put some clothes on so we can go get some food." He rubbed his head.

"Something wrong, master?" She drew out the word with a seductive tone to her voice.

"Hurry up before I get intoxicated in here."

"Lighten up." She rolled her eyes, walking to their shared closet and removing a set of black panties and sports bra, slowly dressing herself. "You like how I smell and you know it."

"Yes, that's the problem unfortunately." He already felt the beginnings of an erection forming in his pants.

Soon enough, she was dressed in some red converse sneakers, form fitting jeans, white T shirt and a custom leather jacket over it. One last look in the mirror on the door and she was satisfied with her appearance. John had to stop himself from staring at her. Even after having her around for four years now, looking her still felt the same as the first time he ever laid eyes on her. Of course, he already felt some small part of him vomiting at the cliché but unlike the typical literary embellishments, this was a hundred percent true. Likely due to her supernatural aura, alongside his own... enhancements he'd picked up on their many excursions into Hell, his eyes still followed her like opposite ends of a magnet.

"... Hey." She said.

He blinked. "I'm sorry?"

She crossed her arms, this time her voice considerably more tender and warm. "You were staring again."

He felt his face heat up. "Sorry."

She opened the door and led the way into the hallway. He locked up his dorm and they were off.

"You don't have to apologize." She said under her breath, staring at her feet.

John wasn't sure if he was meant to hear it, but he did. He smiled as she led the way to the stairs. Though she was a succubus, like all women in love, she enjoyed being ogled by her crush. Or master in this case.

Unfortunately, his dorm room lacked a kitchen, forcing the duo to head into town to grab a bite. Not so much as a hot plate was allowed in the rooms, a fire hazard according to the student handbook. And as much as John knew his way around a recipe, he was not about to suffer through attempting to cook in the student common area.

Especially with having to supervise a certain pink haired demon.

Soon they had left campus and were strutting down the sidewalk into downtown. The sun had just disappeared over the horizon, still casting a small amount of light over the city. Street lights began to illuminate the leave covered sidewalks. Restaurants all along the promenade began to crowd with people both inside and in the outside seating.

The faintest of chilly nips began to fill the air with the jagged edges of autumn. Fall was here.

Vy kept close to him, always with one hand around his shoulders and a content grin on her face. Though years with her had helped him acclimate to her beauty, he still had moments where keeping his eyes off her chest and other assets proved to be nigh impossible. Tonight, was proving to be a challenge, probably helped in no small part by her earlier activities and earlier temptations. Still, part of him enjoyed the challenge of keeping his eyes on the sidewalk ahead of them or on her face.

The latter wasn't much of a challenge at all.

He doubted any male would fault him if he failed, however. She was so beautiful many women would likely downright hate her for having the audacity to look so good and many men would downright hate him for the luck of having her at his side. Either way, he took pride that the fantasy of his she based her form upon was vivid enough to illicit such thoughts.

Still, though she took pride and pleasure in her position as his sex slave, she served perhaps the infinitely more important role as his partner and companion. Especially considering what his long-term plans for his life currently sat at, someone with supernatural longevity would come in handy.

He smiled as she booped her head into his.

The sex was category 6 awesome, yes, but having her around provided a level of comfort and contentment he never really had before.

He paused his line of thinking, scrunching his nose.

Shit.

Was he falling in love with her?

Better question, had he already?

He gave himself a mental slap to the face. The implications of a such a thing were not what he wanted to be thinking about right now. What did it mean to be in love with a succubus? Was that even possible? Better question, how could someone like her, in such a subservient position to him, quite literally his slave, be in love with him? Was it Stockholm syndrome? He hoped not. He like to think he had treated her as he would have treated any potential girlfriend. Better, hopefully. He certainly had not abused his power over her.

Well, if one didn't count denying her sex every waking minute of his life as abuse.

Still, by traditional human standards, he had not abused her. Quite the opposite in fact. Though by demon standards, he wasn't quite sure. Every time they ever had sex, she'd initiated it. Was saying no to a succubus abuse? Based on what she'd told him early in their partnership, she certainly had not been starved. But even in his current state, he doubted he had it in him to keep up with her libido.

She was a succubus after all.

An elbow jabbed him in the ribs.

He turned, glancing into a pair of sky blue eyes.

Vy smiled warmly at him. "Whatcha thinking about that you almost walked passed the restaurant?"

"Hmm?" He asked.

She pointed. Alex's BBQ. A nice restaurant and bar that had grown to be a favorite of the pair over the last two years and their most frequent destination.

"Were we heading here? I honestly don't remember." He answered.

"No, we weren't. But you developed that thousand mile stare and I figured I'd pick for us. You are hungry after all."

He glanced back at her. He swore her smile could melt the ice caps on their own. He wrapped an arm around her and ushered her inside.

"Thank you."

"Hey, you need to keep your strength up for your extracurricular activities. Besides." She leaned close. "You've left me quite hungry from earlier, you fucking tease."

"Yeah, uh, sorry about that." He said staring at the floor.

They quickly found themselves seated by a waiter, menus in hand. The staff had grown familiar with the pair, giving them their favorite table near the window, looking out onto the square. After a pair of waters to start off, as well as taking their usual orders, he let them be and returned to the kitchen.

John stared at the list of deserts. Vy, on the other hand, stared at something else.

"Is something wrong?" She asked.

"What?" John looked up.

"Is something wrong? Did I do something to upset you?"

"What? No. What are you talking about?"

She paused, her signature cocky confidence abandoning her. "It's just, you've been distracted lately. More so than usual. You don't want sex as often as you did when you first brought me here. So, I'm left to wonder if I did anything to upset you. Because if I did, I'm sorry! And not just because you're the best food source I've ever had, either."

John paused, cocking his head. "You think I'm mad at you?"

"Yeah, kinda. I don't like it. It makes me feel uncomfortable. I don't want you to be mad at me."

He rubbed his head. "God, guess I really am a fucking idiot."

"No, you're not." She yanked down her collar, exposing the scar on her neck. "An idiot couldn't have done this to me."

"Vy, have I abused you at all?"

She frowned. "The fuck, dude?"

"I'm being serious. This whole master/servant relationship thing. Have I mistreated you at all? By any standard, human or demon or otherwise."

"The hell are you talking about? Absolutely not! Where's this even coming from?"

"I mean, earlier today. I don't know. You wanted it, I said no. Does something like that count as abuse to a succubus or something? I don't know. Look, you know what kind of relationship we have. I just... I..."

She placed her hand over his and smiled at him. "It's alright. Just use your words."

"I feel like you're only like this with me because you have no choice in the matter. You know, like Stockholm syndrome. I'm the master, you're the servant in this whole schtick, whether I like it or not."

"Or whether I like or not? Because I do. A lot."

"Huh?"

Vy sighed. "Look, you want me to tell you a secret? Early on, I had plenty of opportunities to leave if I wanted. Yes you had your brand and your new powers over me and everything but look, I'm a succubus and a damn strong one and Earth has all sorts of occultic shit lying around that I could have used to return to Hell if I really wanted to. And with the amount of freedom you gave me, trust me, if I wanted to leave it wouldn't have been too difficult."

"Wait, so-"

"Don't be so surprised. I'd been to Earth many times before I met you so I knew my way around somewhat decently. But... with you I got the chance to stay. And yeah, Hell is great, especially where I come from, but... it's fucking Hell dude. And Hell has all sorts of hierarchies and other nonsense that I, quite frankly, don't like. At all. With you, though, whenever we go back, because I'm yours, and by extension, you're mine, no demon can interfere with us unless we want them to or not."
