 All characters are at least 18 years of age.




Light exploded from every surface in the smooth chamber, bathing the form in bright blue hues as the whirring of unseen machinery accelerated to their fully powered state. The chamber was oval like the inside of a massive egg, smoothly polished and unbroken save for a circular entrance at the base through which she had floated, up into the center of the now brilliant expanse. Her features were alien to the surroundings, alien to the vessel in which this chamber resided, alien to the masters she served, yet exotically familiar to the other residents of the harvest barge. Formed in exquisite perfection, she glowed in the open lighted chamber, every detail of her skin smoothly played upon by rays shining from everywhere.

Light began to coalesce into a ribbon that thickened as it wound up her body, from her toes, swirling around both slightly spread legs until it reached her lower torso. As the light traveled up the length of her body, lines of separation shown on her previously unblemished features showing that she was no more human than the thrumming walls she hovered between. The thrumming grew to a whine as the energy finished snaking around her naked form. As the ribbon reached her head, it extinguished and panels that had been previously hidden by unbroken skin began to open. The stomach opened revealing a transparent cylindrical node that filled her entire chest cavity. 

The tank like structure was filled to capacity with an opaque white liquid. The smooth mounds of her human breasts opened into eight pedals that folded back revealing tubes where nipples once protruded. Her body began to glow. The tank bubbled and began to flow. Each breast tube pumped a steady stream of liquid collected from her first harvest group and flowed from each nipple into the expanse. The two solid streams merged nearly two feet above her floating body and grew into a liquid sphere that rippled with surface tension as it emptied from her holding tank. The air was thick with the scent of the extract, pulled from only half a dozen human male hosts. 

The last of the human cum stream ejected from the twin nozzles, joining the spherical mass above. The nozzles lowered slightly as they sealed and the open flowered plates of her breasts folded back into place. Panels betraying her mechanical design returned to their places and seems between each plate vanished to become smooth skin. The inhuman vessel that had just emptied its collection modules then lowered back down through the opening to the flat deck several feet below, body turning midway to allow her feet to stand upright. Her eyes opened, iris glowing faintly before returning to their human color. 

Another female stood before her, completely nude, but different in shape and features. As the first walked down the corridor to begin her next harvest session, the second rose into the air, letting her arms hang back and her knees bend as she was raised to the extraction chamber to empty her cargo. The mass of human male essence churned in its sphere as the tenth extractor was emptied. The sphere swelled as the human semen from the facilities captive males was drawn into it. As the last extractor lowered to the decking, light ignited around the sphere.

The room holding the floating sphere now powered to full intensity, vibrating the connecting chambers as it built up the capacity transporters. The sphere lit from within. Suddenly the cacophony of noise was gone in a vacuumous absence of sound the whole chamber flashed brightly. A concussion to the air reverberated through the room and the sphere of harvested cum vanished in the blinding flash and was gone.

***

Tovas exotic form passed through the light barrier that shielded and contained the subject named Jerome Harrison. As usual, she was completely naked, skin smooth and lightly tanned without the hint of defect. She strode forward to the sleeping form of her charge. Eyes that saw more than a mere human, Tova evaluated his physical condition, paying special attention to the enhancements generated in his body by his transformation. She had been there for the initial change. His enhancement was not without some cost to him. 

His life expectancy was shortened and his nutritional requirements had to be adapted to support the increase in semen and sperm production. His body was now a living production machine, generating the extract her masters needed. Tova had once been sent to collect a human that worked on an open land mass called a dairy farm. She had been fascinated by the machines that automatically removed milk from an animal hed labeled as a cow. It seemed that her masters were not unlike humans in this respect. 

Humans she had learned, it in fact consumed this milk from the cows and raised them specially for the purpose of making milk. Tova had found the parallels very intriguing during that mission. She figured that a human might see the parallel as well were they to see what lay beneath her skin. She was not human, she was created specifically to help induce, and produce the maximum amount of extract from a human male and to harvest it in such a way as to keep them in a sense of perpetual desire, negating the need for a guard force on the barge. 

Human males tended to be rather aggressive and the biological modifications imposed on them increased their testosterone production nearly a hundred fold. Despite the increased aggressive nature of the hormone production, the harvesting of their semen on a regular basis quelled most issues. Producers that proved to be too aggressive were then sent for an additional procedure in which additional enhancements to their body increased their sperm production to unsustainable levels and removed portions of their brain to prevent further outbursts. Ideally this change was not performed unless the producer exhibited potentially threatening behavior. Producers that underwent the procedure burned out within a matter of days and required replacement.

Tova had found most producers to be very similar. The human male was neither appealing nor repulsive. It was merely a biological manufacturing device suited to produce a needed product. If it became defective, uncontrolled, or worn out, it was discarded. Tova had found this to be efficient and desirable. She placed no value higher or lower on any of her charges. Until now.

Jerome Harrison was different. Most of the human males became addicted to the harvest, each only thinking of the next release, such an attitude was preferred if not encouraged by both the manual and visual stimulus provided by humanoid female harvesters. Jerome Harrison was not only interested in her outward shell but seemed genuinely curious about her. In addition to the interest, she had found that her human like taste buds preferred his extract, his semen, to that of her other charges. It was odd, but the flavor was at once both similar and different although she couldnt quite understand why.

Like the other humans on the barge, Jeromes anatomy had been modified in very key ways. His testicles were nearly twice as large as they had originally been, glands behind his prostate were almost ten times larger allowing for a higher volume of seminal fluid, and his urethral tube had been expanded as had its phallic shell to allow greater volume during ejaculation. This combined with modifications to his nerve receptors allowed for the maximum sexual release without physical injury.

She noted with satisfaction that he was indeed ready to be harvested. She approached him and ran her fingers below the base of his cock, feeling for the thick lump behind his scrotal sack. She massaged it for a second before kneeling down and taking the already stiff human member into her mouth.

As her hands stroked the hot sore flesh she initiated a flow of power into the regenerators in her fingers. Each stroke repaired the damaged tissue and soothed the nerves as she began to suck the head of his cock gently. She could feel his cock pulse in time with his heart, running her tongue along a prominent vein on the bottom left of his shaft and rubbing the flat firm top rub against the underside of his glans, letting the rough but spit lubricated taste buds examine his sensitive skins textures. Her tongue contained specialize sensors that could monitor his sensory feedback, reading the nerves energy as it pulsed pleasure into his spine, carrying her stroking, sucking, seductive movements to his brain.

Tova felt his body jerk awake with sudden alertness as her ministrations and his need to release woke him fully. Tova released his cock for a moment as she gazed into his eyes, letting her lips smile in a demure yet sly manner. She maintained eye contact as she slowly and gently opened her mouth and took him in sucking the head in light tender movements keeping the smile in her eyes. Her soft hand applied easy pressure equally along his shaft stroking up and down in a different but complimenting rhythm to her sucking lips. Her stroking paused and she used her other hand to lightly brush her fingertips along the joining of his sac while pressing her lips tightly and sliding the tip of him in and out. He groaned the tip of his cock penetrated her silky lips over and over. She pulled him from her mouth and pressed a kiss to the tip as she began to stroking again.

Specialized sensors analyzed the thermal patterns and blood flow, comparing with spikes in pulse, breathing, and the rapid electro-neural bursts radiating up from the nerve cluster she was manually stimulating in his thick cock. His masculine scent growing stronger each time she raised his pleasure level, carrying him steadily toward his climax. She was fascinated as, through enhanced ocular receptors, she watched the bio-electrical energy begin to build in his groin. Tova knew that shed never taken this much interest in any other charge, but found herself memorizing his reactions, tuning to his pleasure, to his need. Somewhere inside her programming, she found his reactions, oddly fascinating and moreover pleasantly familiar. It was unclear as to the root of this thought. She preferred him. There was an appeal to the harvest session with him.

The last time she had harvested Jerome Harrisons extract, hed been instant that she join with him. Shed been unable to determine what hed needed, unfamiliar with such a process. Her masters had created her with a limited telepathic neuro-scanner. The technology allowed for conveyance of imagery from a producer to allow for limited articulation of alien concepts. She was not able to project any form of thought but merely read and analyze it from the human. It required that the human male visualize the concept he wanted to convey. Jerome Harrison had conveyed a union of bodies in which his cock was inserted into her mimicked human vagina where it eventually released the extract within, notably for the purpose of human fertilization. The concept was not unknown to Tova; however she had never been inclined to attempt it. The process of intercourse was not one she performed on any producer.

The sensory data that inundated her from the coupling was unlike anything shed ever experienced. Jerome Harrison had stimulated her body. The whole experience had elicited reactions that were decidedly not part of her programming. She had felt pleasure, actual pleasure. Her function was to harvest extract; pleasure was not a part of that process, not for her. She was merely a vessel to assist in extraction, she was not a...she attempted to determine the human word for it...lover. Her masters had made her in the form of a human female, mimicking the design in outward appearance and sexual function of such. She was, for all sexual purposes except that of reproduction, human. 

The sensory output from her human anatomy had been overloading. A human urge that had reacted to his touch reacted to this hunger had been innate, it had happened without conscious directed thought. That she had reacted on instinct rather than programming was disturbing; that shed enjoyed the experience was even more so. The feeling of his human cock sliding in and out of her body had been unlike any experience shed ever known in her existence. Sensations that had seemed so clinical and analytic had defied logical analysis.

Shed found difficulty defining Jerome Harrison as merely a producer at that moment. His touch generated feelings inside her, even the press of his lips against hers had sent pleasure through her sensors. She could only liken the experience to something observed on Earth as intoxication. Her bodys responses had been heightened, intensified, acute, yet her mental capacity had been reduced, sluggish and un-objective. There had been moments during that joining that her mind seemingly shut off as the overwhelming sensations had blossomed into a physical release. These moments the only perception was of wonder, pleasure, and a sense of completion. These feelings did not resolve logically in her programming.

At the height of their joining when all her sensors had overloaded in bliss, she had felt his body surge. The subroutine holding her internal extraction processes had activated. As she became aware once again of her internal systems, she felt her core constrict around the hard cock inside her. Her body glowed with the same brilliant light emitted in the storing chamber and shed felt muscles that were quite inhuman, drawing, sucking, harvesting Jeromes semen. She could sense the travel as it flowed into her from his hard shaft, pulsating, squirting with pressurized blasts as it surged up his cock, filling her tank. She could now sense the links to her internal storage tank as it travelled through her internal systems. Each pulsating surge of his cum was collected and drawn into her tank. Tova found that she enjoyed the sensation of his cock as it pulsed and jerked within her. Sensors along the length of her human vaginal tract, registered each beat of his heart and each surge of his cum as they rhythmically throbbed within her.

As his breath caught in his throat she felt him swell in her mouth. Tova squeezed his shaft once more, using pulling her mouth back so that her lips wrapped around the crown of his cock. She ran the tip of her tongue back and forth over the sensitive underside of his head. She looked into his eyes and she sucked. Her hands released his shaft and one held his sac while the other stroke his perineum with a featherlike touch. She felt him shudder and tense. The tip of his cock swelled in her mouth. Tova squeezed gently on his scrotum. Jeromes face contorted as the cascade of pleasure became irreversible. His eyes rolled back and his muscles seized. Tova held the tip of his cock still, continuing to lick the base within her mouth. 

Her fingers caressing his perineum felt the jolt and then pumping as muscles flexed rocking back and forth as it rubbed along the base of his cock, forcing the pressurized contents to flow forward. Jerome grunted as the first surge of cloudy liquid throbbed up his hard shaft. Tova held the tip of his cock in her mouth. In the span of a second, she recorded his movements. Like a pressurized nozzle, the base lifted with the first contraction, pulled up by the gush of fluid filling the base of his shaft. His muscles surged again, causing the base to lower and the head to lift as the payload of his cum travelled up to the tip. Tova didnt close her eyes, she watched him intently as the tip of his cock erupted in her mouth, filling it with the salty sweet extract.

Her mind tapped into the monitoring devices in the room and she could see his reaction from every angle in the room. She was at once fascinated for the first time as his anatomy his cock and sac bobbed up and down in rhythm to his pulsing cum. She felt each shudder, heard each grunt, tasted each surge of human cum as it glided over her tongue and slid down her throat to the collection unit. She could sense his bodys reaction, sensing the mass of energy flowing from his loins. Her ocular implants watched the neuro energy pulsate in time with his orgasm, watching the light as it pulsed along his body to the tip of his cock, each flash diminishing as his cum drained from his reserves. She pulled it ever onward, gently sucking but allowing his own muscles to conduct the rate of flow. He was in rapture as the eleventh blast, reached her tongue. The slick semen coated her tongue and made her tongue slip across the base of his cock, eliciting a groan from Jeromes lips as the final ripples travelled up the hollow tube of his shaft.

With a final grunt, Jerome shot the last of his sperm into Tovas still sucking mouth. He fell back from the exertion, the tip of his cock still encased in her perfect lips. Tova used her fingers to draw the last of his cum up his shaft, giving a final intense suction to empty him completely. Jerome shook with the final spasm of his orgasm. Fully spent, he lay there panting. Tova rose from her knees and tilted her head as the last of the viscous fluid slid down her throat. 

She was about to leave when she stopped as he whispered, Im sorry. I didnt mean to hurt you.

Tova turned back to see him, still collapsed on his back, panting. His cock was slowly lowering, returning to its resting place above his sac. She eyed him curiously. You have not hurt me Jerome Harrison.

Jerome lifted his head to look at her. Last time, when we...when he had sex....I...hurt you. I didnt know you were a virgin.

Tova was puzzled. I dont know this word...virgin. Their eyes met as she tilted her head inquisitively. What does it mean?

Jeromes head flopped back against the table. She was a virgin in only two senses, knowledge of sex, and actually having intercourse. Well, given that you had never been with a man before, and then I...

Tova was more confused. I have been with many human men.

Jerome sighed. Then looked up at her as if an idea had just occurred to him, he wasnt sure it was a good idea, he was already thoroughly exhausted from her blowjob and wasnt sure if he should try to do anything more. He held her gaze. Come here. He said a quiet request that she complied to. As she came to stand beside the table, he motioned for her to touch his head. Tova understood and placed her hand on his temple focusing. A myriad of images flashed through her mind, images of women, bed sheets, blood stains, and last herself with his cock inside her. The last image froze in her memory, it was from his perspective, she saw herself. She could see her own face a look of absolute bliss as her orgasm was in the midst of taking her with its fury.

She was startled to see herself in this way. Part of her surprise was how she was now feeling. Her body was tingling, her face felt hot, and the folds between her legs registered moisture and a gentle ache. She looked at Jerome Harrisons face. He had a questioning look, presumably wondering whether she had understood his meaning. The images he presented gave her the impression that this was a virgin, a woman who had never had a man inside her body.

Tova felt her groin begin to ache more as she reviewed the images, again pausing as she viewed herself with his length buried inside her. She looked down at him. His eyes showed an emotion, concern. He was concerned he had hurt her. She considered for a moment, replaying the memory in its entirety through her mind. Unbidden, she felt a droplet of moisture trail down the slit of her sex. Her nose flared and she detected the faint musk of her own arousal. She ran multiple scenarios through her mind, and based upon his reaction last time, she decided that she would show him, rather than tell him. She reached down, unsure of the effectiveness and not entirely sure what had given her the idea, touching her first to fingers of her right hand, she touched the moistened lips of her sex. She raised the hand to Jeromes face. She noted the immediate change in his body as his nostrils caught the scent of her.
