 *Thanks to all of you for your votes, I always like to read your comments. I write these for myself but always welcome input from my readers. Enjoy!*



Tova's hands moved with perfect practiced precision. Her hands glided effortlessly and tirelessly back and forth. Lean muscles flexed and relaxed in the practiced movements she performed every hour. It was impossible to any times she had repeated the process. It was a dance of sorts. Slight movements: twists, turns, splays flowed with smooth applications of pressure for a climatic finish.


Yet as Tova performed this dance, she also commanded it. She was in control of his every sensation. She directed his performance as well as her own. He was her puppet, her victim, and with each surge of mil, her slave.


Jerome had lost count of the times they had commenced with the "harvest ritual." He could feel faint fatigue from waking every hour. The "ritual" itself took only an average of ten minutes with the skill of Tova's hands and mouth. He would wake to Tova's hands stroking his cock, bringing him to the brink and holding him there until the desired level of semen had built in him. She seemed to sense when his body had produced enough for the "harvest." Once the desired level was reached, she would plunge him into a world of absolute ecstasy as his body would contract and force almost a half liter of cum through his hypersensitive cock. If he didn't ped more cum into her mouth during his captivity than he'd done in his life. 


For the first few days, he had been in agony as the muscles in his body strained and ached from overuse. His skin felt raw and cracked each time Tova began to stroke him. Mercifully, her touch seemed to cool his flesh and cause the pain to fade. He had no doubt that it was intentionally so. He'd tried once to relieve himself. The searing pain that emanated from his cock when he stroked nearly crumpled him to the floor of the lab. He had asked Tova how long he had been there. She'd stated that it had been 52 cycles since his enhancement. During his fleeting bouts of consciousness between the exquisite handjob/blowjobs he'd been able to determine that a cycle was the equivalent of two Earth hours. He'd been there a little over six days.


His body was slowly adjusting to the intense and frequent ejaculations, but his mind still felt foggy from a lack of continuous sleep. The pleasure was superior to any orgasm he'd had on Earth. He'd once wondered what it would be like to simply have endless sex. The reality was mind numbingly exhausting. 


Enhanced, his body was producing copious amounts of cum hourly. A normal male or at least what he thought was normal, shot two to three powerful surges and then tapered off. This would cause the actual average orgasm to last no more than 20 seconds, or in extreme cases 40. 
He remembered dating a short haired blonde when he was in college named Sierra. They hadn't had sex yet, but she teased him mercilessly. They'd been dating for a month when she'd demanded he not jerk off at all for three days, promising the best sex he'd ever had. Thinking only that he'd finally get into her pants, he'd agreed. For the following three days, she did everything possible to excite him, even to the point of pleasuring herself in the car as he drove to a restaurant. Each day, his balls ached as she teased and fleetingly touched him. The night of the deal, she'd given him an amazing blowjob. She had brought him to the brink and held him there until he nearly went insane. With a final stroke she sent him over. He'd felt the ache in his balls suddenly vanish and the biggest orgasm of his life blasted its way up his shaft. He remembered it quite vividly because it had lasted longer than he was used to. Sierra had managed to produce more cum in him by her constant teasing, touching, and flashing.


Sierra had left the following semester and he'd never seen her since. Jerome felt his whole groin seize with a final, inevitable intensity. He felt his ass clench and his balls tighten against his body as the pulsating pleasure began to race from behind his cock, up and out into Tova's sucking mouth. Her hands gently massaged his balls as his shaft jerked with each pulse. Every surge of cum was felt. He could feel the force of the semen as it erupted around her flicking tongue. She stroked slowly maintaining the pressure as each contraction brought a wave of pleasurable relief. His mind attempted to count the blasts that rhythmically flowed from his rigid member into her hungry mouth. With each eruption, the pleasure built. Jerome's vision began to tunnel as the twelfth thick gush mercifully began to ebb. He gasped, not realizing he was holding his breath as Tova milked the remaining fluid from his trembling body. He couldn't help but think how beautiful she looked as she kissed the tip of his cock, extending her tongue to catch the last of his seed. He forced himself to keep his eyes open, studying her. She swallowed her mouthful and smiled at him.


"Thank you. You always taste the best." She began to rise and turned to leave.


"The best?" Jerome weakly got out.


Tova turned and smiled, nodding slightly. "I have never tasted any man as pleasing as you."
Jerome's mind was still reeling. The all too familiar numbness that followed intense orgasms nearly paralyzed him in place. "How many men have been here?"


Tova stopped and thought for a second. "Three thousand, four hundred and seventy nine males have been harvested in this manner. I have assisted in harvesting two hundred and eighty seven, including you." She stated the numbers without emotion, without depth, it was . She smiled again at him. "But of them all, I have not enjoyed harvesting their seed as much as yours." 


Jerome blinked. Over three thousand men. It hadn't occurred to him that there would be that many. "Are there any others?"


Tova's face became slightly sad. "I'm sorry. Information about others is restricted, I wish I could say more."


Jerome was about to protest but Tova was already gone. He lay back and felt the need to sleep enfold him. There were others, he was certain of it and she had all but confirmed it. Questions began to fade as he drifted off.


***


More and more, he tried to use his waking moments to learn what he could about his surroundings. He instinctively knew when Tova would come to harvest him even before she arrived. The pressure behind his prostate grew as the minutes ticked by, producing a rock hard erection almost five minutes prior to her arrival. Jerome couldn't help but look forward to her visits, despite knowning that he was a captive. Jerome began to try to piece together information, everything he could think of each time the harvest took place.


It happened the same way each cycle. Tova would come into view of the clear barrier in front of the lab that had become his home. She was always stark naked. If he hadn't had an erection from the growing desire to release his cum, the view of her delicious body would have elicited it. She was nearly the perfect combination of sexual excellence. 


Tova stood at about 5 feet seven inches tall with the contours of her hips and breasts showing the distinct hourglass form Jerome favored. Her skin looked medium tone, slightly tan without white lines, moles, freckles or any distorting blemish. Dark brown hair with lighter highlights fell along her delicate neck, past her slender shoulders, all the way down to a toned ass. A slight v shape at the base of her neck flowed out, tracing her clavicles to her feminine shoulders extending downward to lean soft arms. Her breasts sat proportionately apart with nickel size areoles forming into sharply peeked nipples.


His eyes would slowly rake down her body as she paused for a moment outside the clear barrier locking him in. At first he'd been slightly uncomfortable gazing upon her nudity. However, his discomfort soon drained as Tova's lips repeatedly drained his balls. 


Jerome was certain, by the far off look in her eyes just before she passed through the barrier that she was somehow, perhaps telepathically, modifying the barrier to allow her entrance. Her body would slightly luminesce as she stepped through the barrier and into the lab, as if she were passing through a sheet of light. The luminescence outlined her nipples, then breasts, then the shape of her flat stomach, causing a brief glow at a perfectly trimmed pubic mound, tracing her beautiful body as she passed through it. More than once he'd wondered how it would feel to bury his aching erection between the folds of her inviting sex.


It wasn't that Jerome didn't thoroughly enjoy the handjob/blowjob combo. In fact the he found the swallowing of his cum extremely erotic, not to mention the movements of her tongue while he was cumming sent him in to convulsions of pleasure. Even so, he longed to feel her tight slick sex surround him. He envisioned grasping her hips and thrusting as deeply into her pussy as possible and filling her to overflowing with his seed.


Yet, Tova never deviated from her purpose. Many times, feeling the inevitable release, he would focus his attention, watching her movements. Her oval face with gently thin curving eyebrows cresting her deep brown resin eyes that peered at him as her thin round lips parted to accept the swollen head of his sensitive cock. Her cheeks dimpled slightly as her mouth created a moist suction while her long tongue flicked back and forth between the super sensitive base of his cock's tip and slipping between his leaking slit. 

He felt the pleasure and pressure building behind his shaft as she stroked and sucked him. Tensely wound, Jerome couldn't hold back the grunt of effort as she brought him to the precipice. Like a rollercoaster, his orgasm raced through him.... He felt like he was weightless, falling endlessly. Tingling sensations filled his limbs while he shuddered violently, feeling the dead on rush of pleasure assault him. He fought to stare into her eyes as his ass clenched hard and muscles began to pump up into the base of his cock. Pulsations forced the thick pearly cum from his balls and prostate up his engorged shaft and shot blast after achingly pleasurable blast into Tova's waiting mouth.


Jerome's cries of release filled the room as cum flowed in jet after jet, surging along the length of his cock and sucked down the throat of this gorgeous goddess. He tried to keep his eyes on her. She would release her grip on his shaft, holding only the head of his cock in her mouth. He could visibly see the jerking of his dick as it pulsed each stream of cum into her mouth. Each blast shot across her tongue while she lightly moved it in and out of his flowing slit. He desperately battled to stay conscious as the intense pleasure overwhelmed his mind.


As the last pulse of fluid shot into her mouth, she again, not willing to waste any of it, gently curled her index finger around the base of his shaft and her thumb just above his balls and drew the remaining semen into her mouth, swallowing the last of his load with a barely audible gulp. Tova pulled his cock from her mouth, dragging her lips over the head and gently kissing the tip as she closed her eyes, appearing to savor his taste.


After a moment, she released his cock and smiled sweetly up at him. "Thank you, Jerome Harrison." She rose and turned to go. 


He watched her beautiful ass as it began to walk away. Knowing he had nothing to lose, he decided to go for it. "Tova, please wait."


Tova turned to him with an inquisitive look. Her eyes blinked at him as she waited for him to steady himself. 


"I....I need....." He fought through the mental fog. "What is out there?" He lifted his arm to indicate the barrier. "Why can't I go out there?"

"You would be...damaged if you were to leave this place." She touched a circular gel patch, about a half inch thick and four inches wide on his back. "This provides all that you require to function and produce emission." She reached between his legs and cupped his balls gently in her hand. "You must stay in this room for the transfer to work." She fondled his sac, gently massaging him and Jerome could feel energy flow into his groin. The mental fog receded slightly. Concern shown on her beautiful face. "I do not wish for you to be damaged." Her face shifted to an appreciative smile, "You taste the best of all of them."


Jerome's mind began to swirl with more questions: what others? Where was he? Would he ever be free to leave? Who were they? These and more flooded into him. He opened his mouth to speak and felt her squeeze his balls gently. He suddenly couldn't think of his questions, he couldn't think of anything except her. He wanted her. He felt blood flow into his cock. He just couldn't control himself. It was as if her touch had somehow filled him with energy. But more than that, it had filled him with aching desire. He wanted her desperately.


"You want something of me?" Tova's gentle voice asked.


Suddenly all other thoughts evaporated and one remained. "I....need.....more." He was having trouble forming a complete sentence. He couldn't understand what had happened. Her touch had brought clarity, energy and then suddenly...overwhelming desire. He looked into her eyes, she maintained her gentle grip on his sac. Tova's head tilted and a slight, questioning smile faintly graced her features.


"I need to have you."


She evaluated him for a moment, seeing if he would clarify. "I do not understand the request. I am here. How is it that you need me?"


He groaned as she again began to fondle his balls in her soft hand. "I need..." He couldn't seem to think of anything but the primal urge to take her.


Tova continued to study him for a moment, and receiving no additional input, straightened. An idea seemed to occur to her. She released him and placed both hand at either temple on his head. "Bring the thoughts of this need to the forefront of your mind. I will attempt to draw from your mind what it is you are unable to convey." 


She pressed her hands gently to against his head. Her eyes took on a the same far off look he'd seen just before she'd passed through the barrier. Unsure of what would happen, he let his imagination merge with his desire and pictured what he wanted, no needed to do to her. He wasn't sure if he was doing it right. He thought of everything he could, visualizing, detailing his desire. His heart was pounding and he was sure he was going mad.


Jerome felt Tova move. He opened is his eyes just as Tova's lips pressed hungrily against his own. He could feel her body press against his, the stiff head of his cock smearing precum across her flat stomach. Jerome felt Tova's breast brush against his bare chest. He reached up and enveloped her soft mounds in his hands. It occurred to him that in the 6 days of her hand jobs, he'd never once touched her breasts. He savored the sensation and gently massaged her tits. Her kisses became more intense. Tova began flicking her tongue between his lips, tangling with his. He could taste the sweet bitter flavor lingering in her mouth and . He pinched her nipple slightly and felt a shudder ripple in her flesh. Her hand continued to massage his sac while the other reached up and began gently stroking his cock. He could feel her soft hand running up and down the length of him, caressing his sensitive rod with practiced grace. Jerome reached around her body and gripped her ass. His body was screaming for him to complete the union. Cradling her ass in his hands, he lifted her up spreading her legs as he did. He positioned her so that her slick sex was above his cock and slowly lowered her down. Tova's arms were wrapped around his shoulders. She began to run her hands through his hair, pausing for a few seconds. She then reached down between them and grabbed a hold of his shaft.


A look of understanding passed over her features and she maneuvered his cock to her nearly bare entrance. He could feel the heat radiating from her pussy. He held her suspended until he could feel the slick juice of her sex touching the tip of his cock. In a single thrust he thrust himself between the folds. As his cock slammed into her and drove deep into her soaking pussy. As he felt the length of him entered, he felt a sensation that completely took him by surprise; he felt her hymen break as he buried himself to the hilt. Too late he recognized the feeling of her sexual barrier. The realization stopped him cold. 


He pulled her back to look at her. Something he'd never seen before in her eyes glistened before him. Tears. She placed her hands on either side of his head and closed her eyes, the tears falling down her chee that she might be. Her practiced and skilled movements as she had extracted his semen belied experience in the arm of sex. He was stunned. Regaining control over his mind he began to pull out of her. Tova's arms tightened around his neck and leaned her mouth close to his ear. 


"Wait."


He held her suspended in his arms, little more than the head of his cock still between her quivering folds. He listened to her breathing, rough at first, but evening out. "Does it get better?" Concentrating on holding himself back, he only nodded against her. Without another word Tova wrapped her legs around his waist and used her heals to give her slender form leverage. Firmly she ground her body against him, driving his hard cock back into her. She stayed still for a few moments, as her body stretched to accommodate his size in her virgin sex.


He was about to speak when he felt her shift, keeping his cock deep within her. Tova's hands gently pressed to his temples again. He felt an uncontrollable surge of his desire flare to life, her touch arousing as the scent of her dripping lips. He gripped her hips and began to pump himself against her cunt. He moved as slowly as his desire allowed. She began kissing him again, which only served to increase his urge to thrust faster. His strong hold on her rocked her cunt against his groin. Fighting his instinct, he moved back to the contoured lab bench that served as his bed. Easing her down so that her body lay on 


Padded surface, he placed one hand on her stomach while placing the other at her groin. Jerome began to rub his thumb in slow circles as he began to thrust into her pussy, using his hand on her stomach to keep him steady. He thrust in and out watching Tova's face as he rhythmically fucked her. Pain no longer showed in her eyes. She was gasping as he drove his length between her glistening folds. He began to rub her clit faster and applied a little pressure. Tova began to moan as he drove in and out. Shifting his hand from her stomach to her chest, he gently pinched her left nipple and was rewarded with a sharp gasp followed by involuntary bucking of her hips. She began to writhe on the table, eyes closed.


It was becoming obvious to him that Tova had never experienced this level of pleasure, and quite possible had never had an orgasm in her life. The realization was not lost on him that he intended to make her scream in pleasure. His rigid length drove into her tight sex. If felt like an eternity had passed since he'd felt the velvet slick squeeze of a delicate pussy caressing his cock. He wanted to savor the feeling of her tight sex and wanted to giver her the pleasure she'd never ed to tighten her pussy around him. As he thrust into her, Jerome felt his control falter. Tova began to gasp and moan as her body's pleasure capacity began to overflow. He felt her pussy begin to constrict his cock, squeezing him mercilessly. He felt her orgasm begin before he heard it. Her pussy began to pulsate and seemed to be drawing his cock deeper into her. He felt her muscles lock in a ring and begin to draw from the base of his shaft sucking his cock. He felt the familiar tightening below his shaft that announced the arrival of his climax. 
