 CHAPTER I

DOWN RONA LI'S HOLE

ACE LI was beginning to get very tired sitting by her sister on the bank and having nothing to do. It was a sunny day in early summer and Tokyo shimmered beyond Shinjuku Gyoen park where the two girls lay.

Ace Li tried reading Rona Li's comic over her shoulder. A blonde girl with much bigger tits than Ace Li was sucking cocks in some panels and tied up with a vibrator in her pussy in others. Ace Li touched her own tits through her schoolgirl blouse. Though she was 18, they were quite small and she didn't wear a bra. She tweaked her nipples and felt them stiffen through the cotton.

Rona Li had fallen asleep on her front. Ace Li looked around. They were quite alone by the river in a small grove of cherry trees. She lifted her skirt and pulled down the front of her cotton panties. She was almost hairless, just a tuft of fluff above her smooth lips. She began to touch herself and her pussy opened like a flower. Her juices began to flow and her finger slid easily inside the pink folds.

She was pleasantly masturbating when a small breeze got up. Cherry blossom from the trees fell down on the two girls. A petal settled on Rona Li's thigh. Ace Li, with her finger in her pussy, considered the petal. She picked it up, and in doing so, her finger grazed her sister's thigh. Rona Li sighed in her sleep and wiggled her ass.

Ace Li again looked around her, and seeing nobody near, reached out and delicately lifted the hem of Rona Li's skirt. Her sister wasn't wearing any knickers and Ace Li looked at the smooth globes of her ass. Rona Li was two years older than Ace Li, and between her legs a neat band of soft hair framed her pussy. Her legs were slightly parted. Ace Li checked once more she was alone, and crawled between Rona Li's thighs.

Her pink tongue shyly poked from between her lips, and she touched the tip to her sister's pussy. She tried a little lick. Rona Li sighed again and spread her legs a little more. Emboldened, Ace Li licked again, feeling her tongue probe a little deeper between her sister's lips. Rona Li's juices began to flow and Ace Li lapped at her flowering pussy. She tasted like honey and milk and Ace Li pushed her tongue as deep as it would go. Her sweet juices covered Ace Li's chin as she explored her sister's sweet pussy with her tongue and mouth.

The first she knew about the man was when his shadow passed over her. With a jolt she looked up. He was young, in his mid-twenties perhaps, and dressed smartly in a suit with a waistcoat. But the two things that most surprised Ace Li were his eyes, which had pink pupils, and his big prick, which he was wanking furiously. Before Ace Li could protest, the young man came with a groan. His cum splashed hotly on her upturned face, in her eye and across her cheek.

He looked at an expensive gold watch on his wrist. "Must hurry! I shall be late!" he cried and, stuffing his prick in his trousers, he ran off.

"Hey!" shouted Ace Li, wiping the cum from her eye. "How dare you!" And leaving her sister asleep, she ran after the man. She followed him as he ran through the cherry trees. Around and around they ran until Ace Li saw Rona Li asleep ahead of them. But as she chased the man towards her sister the two of them began to shrink. Smaller and smaller they became. The man ran between Rona Li's thighs, now as high as walls, and, without looking back, dived in her pussy and disappeared.

Ace Li stopped before her sister's pussy, huge and pink. Not about to let the man get away, she reached in, pushing against the moist walls, and crawled inside. She wriggled through the warm, dark tunnel. Rona Li's pussy pressed against her body, sweet and wet. She wriggled further and suddenly found herself falling. She fell for a long time, without any sensation of how fast or far she fell, and eventually landed with a bump in a tiled room.

She wasn't hurt and jumped straight to her feet. The man was there, standing facing the wall with his back to her. "Hey you!" she said, but he didn't move. Ace Li walked over to him and saw that he stood at the strangest urinal. It was sculpted to look just like a pair of luscious lips. The man held his dick in his hand, soft now, but still thick, and aimed it between the lips of the strange urinal.

"I am Shiro Usagi," said the man.

Although Ace Li was angry at the man, she hadn't forgotten her manners. She bowed politely and said, "I am Ace Li, sir."

Shiro Usagi looked at the pretty girl and said, "Ace Li, please drink me!"

Mesmerised by his pink eyes, or perhaps it was the excitement of the chase or climbing inside Rona Li's pussy, but Ace Li felt suddenly quite light headed. She fell to her knees beside Shiro Usagi. He turned and stood over her. She looked up at him just he released a stream of yellow piss. It splashed over her face, and Ace Li closed her eyes and opened her mouth. His piss hit the back of her throat and she drank quickly as it filled her mouth. As she gulped down his pee, she felt a strange sensation in her body. She thought at first that Shiro Usagi was growing, but then she realised that it was her that was shrinking. When Shiro Usagi shook the last drops of piss from his prick, Ace Li was almost half her usual size.

She climbed to her feet, wiping her face. She was still a bit unsteady, and caught hold of Shiro Usagi. He towered above her and she found herself staring straight at his prick. She lifted it in both her hands. It was as thick as her wrist, and heavy. She marvelled at it, at its size, at the wrinkled foreskin. And beyond his incredible prick, hanging from his unzipped trousers, his hairless balls as big as apples.

Ace Li kissed the end of his prick. The foreskin was like a wrinkly smile. Opening wide, she took the head of his flaccid prick in her mouth. Sucking him, he quickly began to stiffen. Ace Li was alarmed, but she held on and continued to suck his prick as it grew in her mouth. Soon Shiro Usagi's prick was hard and Ace Li, even with her mouth stretched as wide as it would go, could only suck on the end third. She made little grunting noises as she tried to breath through her nose. She held on to the veined shaft with both hands and sucked as best as she could. Pre-cum oozed from his prick and filled her mouth, coating his cock and dribbling from her lips.

Then Shiro Usagi lay down on the floor and Ace Li knew what she had to do. She climbed out of her knickers and crawled on top of the giant man. His prick between her knees was as long as her forearm. The head, free of the foreskin, was purple and slick with his pre-cum. Ace Li took it in her hands and rubbed it against her pussy. His cum was cool and slippery against her pussy, and she found herself wet to its touch. As she rubbed the monster against herself, her cunt opened to meet it and her own juices flowed onto Shiro Usagi's cock.

Ace Li finally squatted over his huge prick and pressed her pussy against the head. Slowly she lowered her weight onto him, and felt her pussy stretching around the bulbous head. "It's too big! It's too big!" she cried, but slowly she pressed down. Her cunt stretched wider to accept his prick, her juices running down his shaft. "I can't!" she cried, gasping for breath, but still she pushed against the monster between her legs. And then suddenly, when she was sure she would split apart, the head was in and her lips closed over the top of the shaft. So hard had Ace Li been pushing that she dropped three inches further onto his cock. She gasped with surprise and relief.

Ace Li sat quite still for a minute, impaled on this enormous cock. She was panting. Her eyes were glazed and sweat pricked her forehead. Between her thighs fully three quarters of his cock was visible beneath her stretched pussy. Very slowly, Ace Li began to rock on his prick. Each tiny movement sent spasms through her body. Shiro Usagi's prick filled her so completely. Each small rise and fall of her body stretched and caressed her insides. Slowly she worked herself deeper onto his prick.

As her cunt grew to accept this intruder, her fucking became more confident. Leaning back, she pushed down with all her weight. Then lifting herself on her knees, she felt an emptiness inside, to be completely filled when she dropped down again with a cry of pleasure. Between their legs was a pool of cum, his and hers. She had never felt anything so wonderful, and still she could take only half of him inside her.

They fucked like this for an age, Ace Li's cries of delight getting louder and louder, until Shiro Usagi, suddenly sat up and pushed her off. She fell open mouthed on the floor, her legs apart. Her thighs were soaked with their juices and her cunt gaped wide open, her lips red and abused. A pool began to form around her bottom on the tile floor. Shiro Usagi stood up.

"Now eat me, Ace Li!" he said.

Ace Li climbed unsteadily to her feet. She took his prick in her small hands. It was covered in their juices. She closed her lips over the head, licking and drinking their combined cum. Her mouth stretched wide, she sucked Shiro Usagi, using both hands to wank him. All she could do was grunt, her mouth completely full, as she brought him towards his climax.

His cock swelled even more. Shiro Usagi jerked and a groan escaped his lips. Ace Li's eyes opened wide, and he exploded in her mouth. Her mind screamed as a tidal wave of hot cum flooded her mouth. It poured down her throat and escaped her mouth in torrents. She tried to hold on to his prick, but it was too much, as blast after blast of cum shot into her mouth and then over her face. She was covered. Her hair was splashed, her face was coated with thick cum. It hung in drools from her lips. There was cum on her neck and cum stained her blouse. Her mind was overwhelmed by the powerful salty taste than filled her mouth and coated her tongue. In a swoon she held on to his sticky prick with her hands and pressed her face against its side. She giggled, dazed, and licked at the cum that was on his shaft and everywhere.

And then, as before, only different, Ace Li felt a strange sensation in her body.

CHAPTER II

THE POOL OF CUM

AS ACE LI held on to Shiro Usagi's softening and sticky cock, she felt a strange sensation in her body. She felt his cock falling away from her and she realised that she was growing. She grew until she was looking into Shiro Usagi's strange pink eyes, which she thought was her correct height. She still held his cock with one hand, and her pretty face was still messy with his cum.

Ace Li was about to smile at him, when she realised that the strange sensation hadn't finished. With a worried expression she let go of his cock and looked down at her chest. Her blouse had begun to fill. As Ace Li watched, her little breasts began to swell. They grew and grew, pushing firmly and roundly against her white blouse splashed with cum. She saw with surprise her nipples pushing through like bullets. The fabric strained against the buttons and then, with a series of pings, the buttons flew off and her blouse burst open.

Ace Li fell to her knees in shock as her tits continued to grow. Her blouse hung open and her new breasts thrust out before her startled eyes. She put her hands on them, marvelling at her enormous, firm tits. Her nipples were like cherries. Finally they stopped swelling. Ace Li sat on the floor, her frame tiny in comparison to her incredible tits.

Shiro Usagi squatted before her. Ace Li couldn't believe it after all the cum he had dumped on her, but he was hard again. Now that she was normal sized (and much more so in places) his prick was merely large rather than enormous. He took his cock and began to rub it over her tits. It fit nicely between them, and Ace Li squeezed her tits together. Caught between Ace Li's amazing breasts, Shiro Usagi began to tit-fuck her. Each time the head emerged from her cleavage, Ace Li stuck out her tongue and tried to lick it. His pre-cum was adding to the slipperiness from her earlier cum bath and his prick slid wonderfully between her breasts. Sometimes he paused long enough for Ace Li to wrap her lips around his cock, before resuming his fucking.

It was such a wonderful sensation that it wasn't long before he was rubbing against her tits faster and faster. She squeezed her tits, holding him tight, her eyes and mouth wide open. With another grunt Shiro Usagi came again. His cum splashed against Ace Li's chin and mouth and shot all over her cleavage. Now that she was regular-sized he came a regular, but still impressive amount. He came enough to coat her amazing breasts. A blob of cum clung to her lip and cheek and dribbled from her chin. Cum splattered her tits, running either side of one cherry nipple.

And then Shiro Usagi suddenly cried, "Must hurry! I shall be late!", tucked his prick away, and ran off. But as he fled, something fell from his pocket.

"Hey!" cried Ace Li, but he was gone. She looked at what he had dropped. It was a large dildo, realistically shaped like a real erection. Ace Li picked it up. She absently rubbed it in a pool of cum on one of her breasts. Lifting it to her mouth, she licked the cum from its rubber head. She did it again, smearing cum on the dildo, and licking it off. After a few goes, she put the dildo in her mouth, sucking it like it was a real prick. Her hand went to her pussy, still wet (and a little sore) from her earlier fucking. Three fingers slipped easily in as she continued to suck on the dildo.

Then she put the dildo against her pussy. It was big, but it slid straight in to her well-fucked cunt. She lay back and pushed the dildo in and out of her pussy. With her other hand she played with her amazing tits, tweaking the big nipples. As she fucked herself, Ace Li discovered that there was a kind of control on the base of the dildo. She twisted it and let out a cry of surprise as the dildo suddenly jerked to life inside her.

The dildo not only vibrated, but twisted and turned and pushed and pulled, like it was alive. With some difficulty, Ace Li got her arms around her tits and held onto the dildo with both hands. It wriggled and jumped inside her, making her cry out with surprise and pleasure. The dildo was giving Ace Li the most amazing fucking, when she felt a familiar and strange sensation in her body. "Oh no!" she cried, "Not again!"

Ace Li felt herself beginning to shrink again. She was pleased to see that she still kept her huge tits, but alarmed to discover that the dildo wasn't getting any smaller at all. She held on to it with both hands as she shrunk and it grew. She felt her pussy stretching around the dildo, which kept twisting and thrusting inside her. Her breath came in gasps as the dildo, now as big as she remembered Shiro Usagi's cock, writhed around like a living thing. Ace Li was being fucked like never before. The dildo completely filled her poor cunt, and mercilessly teased and touched every part of her.

Ace Li had her eyes closed and her mouth open in one long groan of the utmost pleasure and torment. She didn't see the small group of people who came and gathered around the girl with the huge breasts, thrashing around in a pool of cum on the tile floor. Sono Nezumi, Deddo Tori and Shukke Gachou stood over Ace Li. They murmured approvingly as they took their pricks out and began to wank. Chicchai Washi and Ace Li's own sister, Rona Li, knelt down beside her and each girl took one of Ace Li's nipples in her mouth.

"Oh!" cried Ace Li in surprise. She looked down at her amazing tits. On each one a girl licked and sucked at a nipple. Their tongues would sometimes stray to lick clean a splash of cum. Once they leaned across her chest and kissed, their tongues pushing into each other's mouths. Then they returned, sucking on her nipples that swelled in their mouths. Above her the three men towered, their heads in a circle, stroking their cocks. And still the massive dildo jumped and turned in her cunt. She could feel her juices flowing from her pussy, down her thighs, to mix with the cum she lay in.

She felt herself getting close to her orgasm. Her body stiffened as the dildo continued its magic. The two girls held on to her nipples, licking and sucking. Above them the men began to groan in anticipation. And then Ace Li was screaming as she came. She felt her juices gushing from her pussy, soaking her hands, her thighs, the dildo and the floor. The girls clamped on to her nipples. Sono Nezumi, Deddo Tori and Shukke Gachou let out a collective groan, and came. Cum rained down from them. Chicchai Washi, Rona Li and Ace Li looked up as their cum splashed down.

It was like someone had turned a fire hose on them. Ace Li, whose mouth was open mid-orgasm, took a cupful of cum in her mouth. More cum splashed across her face. Her hair was covered. Cum coated her huge tits and washed over the upturned faces of the two girls. It ran from her tits in rivers, splashed on her belly, ran down her thighs and over her pussy and mingled with her own juices. She struggled to breath and swallow as she felt every part of her slippery with cum.

And still the cum rained down on them, and Ace Li found it washing around her shoulders and her great tits. In surprise she tried to turn over, and then she was swimming in thick, gooey cum. She cried out in shock. Looking around her she saw that Chicchai Washi, Rona Li, Sono Nezumi, Deddo Tori and Shukke Gachou were all swimming themselves in the sea of cum.

Every time her head went under, Ace Li found herself swallowing more of the salty fluid. Luckily her breasts were quite buoyant, and after the initial shock, she found she could float in the thick cum quite easily. She saw the bank a little way off, and she began to swim towards it. The others followed her, and slowly the little party made their way through the pool of cum to the bank.