 I strongly recommend starting with chapter 1.

Warnings: desired forced sex/consensual non consent; body distortion; casual nudity; free use; forced mind enslavement; casual incest; objectification/dismissal-of-agency of both viewpoint and non-viewpoint characters (not tied to gender, though); induced obliviousness; love for random people; transforming large parts of bodies into sexual organs, such as [nose, mouth] becoming a pussy, pussy connecting up to form a tube with mouth, replacing body fluids with cum, immense amounts of cum, literal hunger for cum, etc.

Nobody gets traumatized, everyone enjoys or is cool with everything that happens, and everyone consented to crazy things in chapter 1.

Read at your own risk.

This is written by someone attracted primarily to women and to straight sexuality, but the characters find their sexualities blurred, so perhaps it may be of interest to those with different preferences. I'm doubtful but hopeful.

The characters don't talk about their ages, but the youngest character is 22.

----------------

Kevin was staring out the front window of the small entrance room at The Hidden Life sex club, his hands in his pockets, his eyes focused on the far distance, when the receptionist cleared her throat. He turned to look at her.

"You can enter now," she said.

"Thanks," he replied. He stepped up to the door, heavy but not out of place in a commercial building. He pulled it open and stepped through.

Inside was a small room, well lit. In one of the walls, there was a recessed opening, with an empty clear cup in it. Someone's large, perky boob descended into the box, held by its owner's hand. She squeezed little, and milk flowed out in a very thick stream, filling the cup in only a few seconds. The boob withdrew.

Kevin stared at the cup. He crouched down and looked at the top of the recess in the wall - but it had a solid top, made of the same drywall as the sides of the box and the wall around it. He glanced around the room, but there wasn't another opening besides the one back to the lobby. He opened it and stuck his head out.

"Am I supposed to drink the milk?"

The receptionist looked over. "Yep! You'll love it. It smells amazing."

Kevin closed the door and picked up the cup. The receptionist was right - it smelled like love and satisfaction and togetherness and caring. He lifted it to his mouth, his eyes rolling back as he got the full brunt of the smell. He lifted it to his lips. The liquid felt amazing - it was like anywhere the milk touched was an erogenous zone. Drinking it was like an orgasm, and he could feel the muscles in his face and shoulders twitching.

He set the cup down, his upper body still euphoric. His dick was rock solid, and it wasn't going down. He needed more milk.

He glanced around the room. There was a new door on the opposing wall. He opened it and stepped through.

The room on the other side was full of couches and people playing with each other. Many of them were still fairly clothed, others were nude.

He noticed Gary near the left side of the room, standing over a woman in an armchair. Gary was stroking the woman's hair while she sucked - literally sucked, she was suckling and not moving her head - from his dick.

Several leather beanbag chairs had piles of people on them, cute faces shoved in cute crotches, dicks in mouths, mouths on mouths, boobs pushed against faces. Kevin noticed he was attracted to the dicks and their owners as well, though he still preferred the pussies and their owners. He noticed a woman sitting on a couch near the center of the room, reading a magazine, her large, perky breasts hanging out of her otherwise conservative dress. Near her, on the floor, Sammy was nursing from a guy's dick. He hadn't found Sandra, Eric, or Pat yet.

He wandered in the direction of the solo couch-sitter, stepping over a ring of people giving each other oral, then over a woman curled up in the fetal position and sleeping with a peaceful expression on her face as cum trickled out of her pussy in a small constant stream, a puddle of cum around her ass.

Kevin took a detour around a couch where a man lay across the laps of several women, all of whom were breathing heavily and bouncing slightly in their seats. The man had many large boobs resting on him and a peaceful expression on his face. A woman was sitting on the floor and reaching up to give him a handjob while typing one-handedly on her computer.

He circled around their couch and approached the woman sitting solo on the next couch behind it, and she looked up at him. "Morning!"

"Hey," he said. "So how does this place work?" he sat down next to her.

She smiled. "Ah, first time," she said. As he sat down, she grabbed hold of his head, pulling it down onto her lap and rotating him softly into a lying position. He went along with it happily, surprising himself, and found that he was lying on her leg, and her breasts were in his face, their smooth weight pushing on his cheek and nose. She pulled his head into the appropriate angle and put her nipple in his mouth. He suckled on it, and the taste was amazing and satisfying, just like when he'd drank the milk from the cup.

"Mm-hmm," he said, through the sucking. He considered detaching to say more, but thought better of it, and just kept sucking softly, disproportionately large streams of milk filling his mouth.

"The first thing to know is that, while visiting here, consuming someone's fluids --" she took a gasping breath at a small motion he made "-- makes you obedient to that person. You don't want to miss it, it's loads of fun, but be somewhat careful, people make a game of getting slaves." She stroked his hair.

"Mmmm," he said, in an acknowledgement tone.

She chuckled. "Notice how you didn't think about how that means you're subservient to me now."

He blinked."You also weren't bothered by it. Stuff is just normal here, it can often be hard to notice something unusual happened."

He nodded, slightly hesitantly.

"How many people did you come with?"

He glanced at her boob.

She chuckled and pulled his lips off her nipple, interrupting his sucking. "How many people?"

"Six total," he said. "May I?"

She smiled and placed her boob back in his mouth. "Have you found them yet?"

He didn't respond for a moment. Then he raised an eyebrow at her quizzically. He put a hand under her boob, his eyes lidded as he sucked.

"The people you came with?"

He raised both eyebrows in understanding. He lifted his hand and rotated it on its axis in a "so-so" motion. The whole time he kept her boob in his face, her other boob touching the top of his head.

"Where are they?"

He pointed to Sammy, then across the room in the direction of Gary.

She nodded decisively. "Alright, let's go get me some pets!"

He perked up and smiled at her, continuing to suck.

She looked down at him in amusement. "You have to stop drinking me to get up," she said.

"Mmmmm," he said, as though just understanding for the first time. He kept sucking and snuggled a little tighter. He stared into her eyes innocently.

She snorted with a small smile. "Come on, get up." She pushed him off and stood.

His head flopped onto the couch, and he made a pouty face at her. He stared at her standing figure. Her dress was form fitting, dark, with long sleeves and a turtleneck, reaching all the way to her angles and nearly hiding her bare feet. It was tight around her waist, and the fabric emphasized the swell of her hips and ass. The only parts of her left uncovered were her feet, her hands, her head, and her boobs. He stared at her with lidded, partially unfocused eyes.

She chuckled and stepped over to him, leaning over, her large, full, firm boobs just out of reach. "Come on, you can't help me enslave your friends if you don't get up. I know it's a lot to take in, but you're still high on the rush of this place." He followed her boobs as she pulled him upright, leaning away from him as she did. "I'm Florence. What's your name?"

"Uhh," he said, still staring at her beauty. He looked up at her face. "I'm Kevin,"

"Good to control you, Kevin," she replied, with a slightly predatory smile and a curtsy, her boobs bouncing. "Let's get you a slave of your own."

Florence strode over to where Kevin had pointed Sammy out, and he followed.

----------------

A few minutes earlier, Pat had just run into the entrance chamber. She put her back up against the door as she slammed it behind her.

Pat took stock of the room. There was a cup sitting on a pedestal in the middle of the room. The room was lit by a single exposed bulb in the ceiling. There were no other doors.

Pat picked the cup up and drank its contents. It was very bland and uninteresting until she tasted it, and then she couldn't get enough. She upended the only moderately large cup and drank it all.

A door slid open to her right and she stepped through.

She was in a room absolutely covered in cum, full of people talking and snuggling. Nobody was having sex, but everyone but her was covered in massive amounts of cum.

She walked over to a group of people sitting on cushions on the floor. She tried to sit down on a cushion, but found she couldn't remember how to finish the motion of sitting down, and stood back up.

"Hey! Try sitting on a women's seat," a woman next to her with huge globs of cum on her face and dress said.

Pat glanced around. Indeed, there were leather cushions with strategically placed dildos lying around. She grabbed one and and sat down, the dildo sliding into the hole that she suddenly remembered was hemmed into her jeans discreetly just over her pussy.

Suddenly, the room erupted with cum. Some spewed out straight down in huge streams from large pipes hanging from the ceiling, one of which was right above Pat, and she instantly was covered in the stuff. She screamed as the room erupted in moaning, and she arched her back, her scream turning to a groan. It ran in thick, flowing waves down her face, over her back and front, down the inside and outside of her shirt, over her average sized boobs. It flowed over her jeans and down her crotch, covering her extended legs.

She could barely take her attention away from her skin - it felt overwhelming, like she was coated in love and caring, like she was being used correctly, like her body was meant for this. She noticed, belatedly, that the dildo in her pussy was also filling her with cum. Everywhere it touched felt like it was marked of someone else, someone Pat now belonged to. She longed to find out who her skin belonged to now.

After a moment of not being able to think straight from the globs of love and caring flowing over her, Pat opened her eyes. The cum was still flowing, and it got in her eyes, but she found it didn't hurt or significantly impair her vision. Cum was erupting in thick spurts from dicks that were sticking out from gloryholes in the walls, some was coming from fountains in the floor pointing all sorts of directions, and the men in the circle were all coming in thick spurts, their dicks pointing up from where they sat.

Pat looked curiously at the women. Some of the women drooled cum as though a man was coming in their mouths, but Pat hadn't seen any of them giving blowjobs. As cum ran down Pat's face, she looked at the shapely woman to her left who wore only a tight shirt - and who wasn't under a ceiling pipe and hadn't been hit much by the men or floor pipes, yet cum just kept spewing from her mouth in waves, forming a thick trail down the low cut shirt and over the tops of her large boobs.

After a moment longer, the cum stopped. Pat sighed happily, and put her hands on her ass, arching and stretching. "What was that?" she asked the woman next to her.

The woman looked over. "Oh you poor dear," she said. "Are you new? That must have been a lot at once."

"It was amazing!" Pat exclaimed. "I don't understand what just happened!"

"You're in the cum room," the woman replied. "This room is for casual discussion and making friends, not so much for sexuality. It's a nice place to cum and relax when you need a break from the intense demands of The Hidden Life's more odd areas."

"I see. I'm Pat, by the way," she said, holding out a hand.

"Sharon," the woman replied, shaking Pat's hand.

"Why was cum coming out of your mouth during the -- the thing?"

"Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you haven't been greeted! Here, give me a good kiss."

Pat hesitated, but -- wait, she wasn't hesitating, she had started to lean in slowly to do it. She blinked twice and made contact with Sharon's lips.

Sharon put her hands on Pat's head and held their faces tight, with both of them leaned forward as they kissed repeatedly.

Sharon hummed like she was trying to speak, and Pat thought to pull away to ask what it was, but got bored of the idea of stopping the kiss before she'd even tried to lean away.

Then there was suddenly cum flowing from the ceiling, from the men, from the dildo Pat sat on - and into her mouth from Sharon's. Pat's eyes widened and then fluttered and rolled back. Pat could taste love and thickness and ownership as she swallowed gulp after gulp of her new friend's cum. She could also feel a thick river of cum running down her back from the pipe in the ceiling.

Some of the men aimed their extended ejaculations at Sharon and Pat's faces from across the circle, and Pat's eyes rolled back harder, her neck starting to twitch. Sharon kept holding her there as Pat twitched all over from the new experience of a facial orgasm.

The cum eventually subsided again. Pat sighed and went limp as she pulled away. She glanced down and noticed that not a drop had leaked from her pussy.

"There you are," Sharon panted, bringing Pat's attention back up.

"What will ... that do?" Pat gasped out.

"Accelerate your oral transformation, silly!" Sharon giggled. "Your body fluids will all be cum in no time! It's the most important transformation a woman can go through at The Hidden Life."

Pat nodded along serenely. "Sounds like something to look forward to," she said in a bland tone.

The person to her right tapped her on the shoulder.

"Hi," Pat said, turning, an increasingly dazed look on her face.

"I'm Tim!" the man said. "I'm the best Tim you'll meet in the next minute and a half, guaranteed or your money back. You said you're Pat?"

Pat stared at him for a moment, blinking stupidly. For a moment the cum on her body was much more overwhelming and she arched her back and bounced on the dildo - then after only one stroke, as her somewhat small ass landed, the intensity was back to manageable. She shook her head, her vision somewhat ethereal and spotty. "Um, yes, that's me," she said slowly.

He put his hands on her boobs. "Pleased to meet you! Darn, you have a lot of growing to do. Just hang in there and it'll happen. You'll be over the initial effects of The Cum in no time." He said "The Cum" with emphasis, as though it were a title.

She blinked at him stupidly for several seconds after he spoke, then made a shocked face, then after a moment, it became a quizzical face. "Growing? I'm an adult," she said hesitantly.

"Of course, but in this roo--"

He was cut off by his suddenly orgasming and the ceiling dumping cum on her again.

Her throat and mouth felt amazing as she ejaculated from her mouth, filling it and overflowing it with thick, globby cum. Her throat felt full and satisfying, the cum from the ceiling running down her face and over her boobs and ass again.

As the room-wide orgasm subsided, a nude man walked up behind one of the nude women in the circle of seats and tapped her shoulder. "Hey, Emmy, do you remembered if Hannah was coming to The Hidden Life today?"

She turned her head and drooled some cum. "What the hell, Alex? Can you please cum on me if you're going to talk to me?" She took his dick into her mouth.

He twitched as she took him into her mouth. "Crap -- nngh -- I'm sorry," he said.

She took her lips off and cum drooled out. "Yes, I think she's coming around 2pm. By the way, I think she kept a change last week. She won't tell me what it is, but I think it must be something obvious, because she keeps giggling about it every time it comes up."

Pat bounced her dildo as she listened.

One of the women on the other side of the circle, who was very hot, nude, and bouncing on her seat, pulled her neighbor who wore only a skirt over to whisper something in her ear, ejaculating violently and covering the other woman's boobs and legs in the process. As she whispered, Pat could see she was still drooling semen.

The woman who'd been cum on by her friend spoke up. "Ooh good idea, yes, let's try to figure it out, tell us about her!"

Emmy smiled as Alex sat down next to her. She put a hand on his dick and it started dribbling little globs of cum, like Alex was constantly cumming. "Well, let's see. She's a very commanding and enthusiastic person with her friends, but she's very shy around strangers. She cooks a lot, but only for others, since she doesn't eat food."

Emmy had the whole circle's attention. The two women separating Sharon and Alex wore small dresses and were fingering each other from behind and drooling cum slightly; Pat couldn't see but assumed it must be anal fingering. To Alex's left sat Emmy, who was jacking him off as he stared into space contemplatively. After Emmy were two more men, also nude. The first to her left, who was directly across from Pat, had his hand on the left of Emmy's large boobs, and he and the man next to him had their hands on each other's dicks. To his left were the woman asking the question and her friend, followed by two more men who hadn't introduced themselves who wore business casual and had their hard dicks sticking out of their clothes, and then Tim in just a Lady Gaga t-shirt on Pat's right.

"Sounds pretty ordinary so far," Tim said. "Anything else interesting about her?"

"She gives a lot more blowjobs than anyone else and is the only person I know who does so in public. When you see her she'll often be wearing a black turtleneck dress with cum on it that she either never changes or has five of."

"Ugh, that's just not fair," Sharon groaned. "If I did that, people would give me looks!"

Emmy nodded. "She just gets away with it because her face pussy is so cute. Let's see, her face pussy is basically always wet. She doesn't wear panties and her dress doesn't cover her ass or groin, and since her pussy smells very arousing to everyone, she's a favorite to invite to parties to surreptitiously get people horny. Don't tell her I told," Emmy giggled.

"I solemnly swear," Alex gasped, "Not to reveal anything."

Several people around the circle piped up with "me either".

The ceiling started spewing cum, and it flowed down Pat's face. She tilted her head back and looked up into the stream. She could see through it, despite that she could tell it was completely opaque - it was like light was refracting through it just for her. It looked like a tube of love flowing down on her to care for her.

Emmy spoke, but it was too distorted by cum, and Pat couldn't make it out. The cum flowed down Pat's chest, and she felt her shirt get a little tighter. Cum flowed out of her mouth and filled her pussy further. She was vaguely confused how her pussy wasn't spewing cum back out.

A moment later, the cum subsided, and Pat looked back over at a Emmy, a dopey smile on her face.

"Sorry," Emmy said, a last mouthful of cum flowing out. "I was saying, the last thing I'd say to summarize Hannah's personality is that she always says yes to any sexual activity that doesn't hurt her, and so strangers often stick their dicks or fingers in her face pussy. It's very cute, I met a new friend by talking to a person using her last week."
