 Content warnings: while everything that happens in this story is consensual, it has various "consensual non-consent" (CNC) themes, as well as CNC mind control, CNC mind clouding, CNC preference warping, etc. Nobody gets traumatized and everyone enjoys or is cool with everything that happens. Also contains somewhat psychedelic body distortion.

Some themes that might come up are casual nudity; free use; forced mind enslavement; casual incest; objectification/dismissal-of-agency of both viewpoint and non-viewpoint characters (not tied to gender, though); induced obliviousness of specific things; love for random people; transforming large parts of bodies into sexual organs, such as [nose, mouth] becoming a pussy, pussy connecting up to form a tube with mouth, replacing body fluids with cum, immense amounts of cum, literal hunger for cum, etc. Read at your own risk.

I would only endorse something like this happening in real life if the people agreeing to it understood that there would be a lot to know before they could positively state they were sure they wanted to participate in the thing, and they either explicitly and sanely decided to take the risk without knowing details, or they learned all the details.

This is written by someone attracted primarily to women and to straight sexuality, but the characters find their sexualities blurred, so perhaps it may be of interest to those with different preferences.

The characters don't talk about their ages, but the youngest character is 22.

----------------

Sandra was in her living room, the dimmable lights down low. There was a bottle of vodka on the table and a jug of chocolate milk, along with some cups. Sandra lay sideways on her L-shaped couch, her feet in the bend, where Gary's head lay on her lower legs.

Gary was the car mechanic she'd clicked with three years ago while dealing with a particularly nasty fix. He was lying reclined on the other side of the corner couch, his head in the bend. He was holding a cup of alcohol. "So wait, let me get this straight. You got there late, didn't have your wallet or ID or anything, and they let you in just because of your costume?"

On the floor next to him sat Sammy, the shamelessly girly makeup artist who'd smashed Sandra every time in tournaments in their old chess club. She was reclining her head on the couch near Gary's legs. "Yeah, pretty much. It was the best costume there by far, if I do say so myself. It was sooo much more detailed. And I got a lot of attention for the fairy elf style, everyone else was trying to look all serious."

Kevin, Sammy's brother, who Sandra had met when the group went on a week long backpacking trip together, was lying on a beanbag chair across the room. "The serious look is in right now. I really like it. I wore my most nature stained clothes and just tossed a couple of cyborg parts on and called it good."

Pat, a childhood friend who was in her last year of college in nanotechnology to be a drug designer, spoke up from where she was slouched against the wall on her laptop. "I think cyborg parts is maybe overstating the whisks you taped to your shirt, Kevin," she said absentmindedly.

Kevin snorted with a big smile on his face.

"Sammy, did you take any pictures?" Came the voice of Sandra's boyfriend, Eric, from the kitchen.

"Yeah I took plenty!" she called back. "Do you have me on Instagram?"

"I don't use social media," Eric called back. He strode into the room with a bowl full of breakfast cereal. "Can we see?"

"Eric! is that a bowl of Cheerios?" Sandra screwed up her face in exaggerated exasperated disapproval. "At 10pm?"

Eric giggled. "Of course!" he exclaimed, sitting down on her lap. He leaned over towards Sammy. "So let's see them,"

She smiled and pulled her phone out.

"I had some pretty wild conversations," Kevin said, as Sammy pulled the photos up. "Have you folks heard about The Hidden Life, downtown?"

Pat's head shot up from her laptop, her eyes wide. Only Kevin and Sammy were facing the right direction to see.

"Oh yeah, the sex club?" Gary responded. "I kind of want to go. It sounds dangerous, though."

"Here you go," Sammy said, handing Eric her phone.

"Oh man, hot," Eric said.

"Thanks," Sammy giggled. She looked pleased with herself.

"I really like the way you made the wooden texture blend with your skin, wow. It's like you're made of wood inside and it's showing in places. How did you get so many flowers to stay put?" he handed the phone to Sandra.

"Oh wow," she said. Sammy had dressed in a very revealing form fitting dress made of a matte light grey fabric, and had attached flowers to her skin lining all the skin-flush edges of the dress. She had a crown of flowers in her hair, and her ears were pointed.

Sammy blushed. "Thanks, guys. I just attached them to the dress. They're fake. It looks like they're on my skin just because they're clipped to the dress."

Sammy handed the phone to Pat, who Sandra noted looked a little frazzled. "Want to see?"

Pat blinked at her for a moment. "Umm, sure." She held out a hand and took the phone. "Oh that's super cute!"

"Hey, pass it back to me," said Gary.

Pat stared for a moment longer before handing the phone back to Sandra, who handed it to Gary.

"Nice going," he said. "I'll bet you got all the attention."

Sammy giggled. "So much attention from lonely guys," she said. "It's kind of nice to get attention, but I don't have time to do anything nice for them, and I hate being the one leaving people lonely." She sighed.

"The Hidden Life is quite safe, by the way, Gary," Pat said.

Sandra raised an eyebrow. "What is this place?"

Sammy was the one who answered. "It's a sex club where they apparently give you advanced drugs to make you horny and empathetic," she said. "It also might have a little magic in it? I'm honestly not sure."

"It would have to," Pat said. "Some of the stuff I've heard about them doing wouldn't work without at least a couple of employees using projected mind devices."

"Like what?" Sandra asked.

"Well, their claim to fame is that nobody can get sick, pregnant, injured, or remember who they interact with there," Pat replied. "They also apparently give you something that makes you really horny when you go in."

"Sounds like fun," Eric said, looking at Sandra. "Want to go?"

"I'd join you. Tomorrow's Saturday, we could go in the morning," Sammy said.

Pat's eyes were wide as saucers.

"I'll come too," Kevin added. "10 am?"

"Uhh, sure..." Sandra said. "I don't have any objection to it, at least. Doesn't sound like my thing, but if they make you horny, maybe I'll like it."

"Sounds fun to me, I'm in," Gary said.

Everyone looked at Pat.

"Umm."

"Not feeling it?" Kevin prompted.

"It's not that. I'm just embarrassed how excited I am by this. I've been wanting to go for months and I keep forgetting."

Sandra chuckled. "You really could stand to be less busy, you know."

Pat rolled her eyes, closing her laptop and standing up from where she was against the wall. "Of course I could. I'm looking forward to graduation." She stood and poured herself some vodka, and mixed it with the chocolate milk. She sat back down next to the coffee table.

"So it's a plan, then?" Sandra asked. "10am, meet outside The Hidden Life?"

She got a chorus of agreements.

Pat downed her drink and curled up on the floor next to Sammy, her head on Sammy's shoulder.

"Tomorrow," she yawned.

----------------

Sandra and Eric woke up slowly at 9am, and had to rush a shower and out the door. They pulled into the parking lot behind The Hidden Life at 10:10 AM. It was a large building, with no windows except into the lobby. It had a large logo board in the front like a movie theater, but instead of movie theming, it was a logo of a blossoming flower.

Sandra rushed around the corner, Eric close behind her, as they hurried towards the entrance. Sammy was waiting there, but nobody else was.

"Geez, guys," she said. "You really don't need to be exactly on time for everything."

Sammy duck-puckered her lips in embarrassment. "Oops."

A few minutes later, Gary, Pat, and Kevin all got off the same bus from the university area. Pat was talking animatedly, moving her slender frame excitedly as she gestured. "... that's not the interesting thing, though! Remember, when dextro-epromectin metabolizes, it seems to oscillate chirality! and that doesn't happen if you start with levo-epromectin!"

Gary nodded, a frown on his face, as they walked up. "So, you're saying that means dextro-epromectin must be starting a chain reaction?"

Pat clapped her hands enthusiastically. "Exactly! Something responds to the presence of the dextro form and a whole separate pathway activates."

Kevin was looking at his phone as the three slowed to a stop. "We're here."

"But this means that Epromectinase-3b isn't involved in the neural signaling at all!" Pat bounced on her toes. "Whatever the actual intervention point is, it's much earlier than we thought. Which means we might be able to reduce the side effect profile!"

Sandra shook her head in bemusement. "Pat, you ready?"

Pat looked over at her and and blinked in confusion for a moment. "Right. We're here. Oh right. Geez. Umm. Maybe?"

Gary chuckled. "Let's do it." He strode towards the entrance.

Pat shrugged and followed, the others close behind.

The inside was unremarkable. It reminded Sandra of a doctor's office waiting room, but with sexier pictures on the walls. She stepped up to the greeting desk next to Gary.

"Welcome to The Hidden Life! Is this your first time here?" The lady behind the counter asked. "Six?"

"Yup, and yes, Six," Sandra answered.

"Alright. So our rates on the weekend are fifteen dollars per person. Everyone needs to read and sign this disclaimer." She took six copies of the document and set it on the counter.

Sandra took a copy and started reading.

Welcome to The Hidden Life! We hope you enjoy your visit to this adventure. Before you get started, please initial to confirm that:

I understand I will be consuming mind altering substances and may choose to do things I would not normally choose. I consent to literally anything that leaves me healthy, sound of mind, and with all my possessions intact afterwards, with the recognition that I would not necessarily enjoy the acts and alterations made to me were I not altered.

I recognize that distortions involved may be quite serious, and if I were not making them will the help of mind-opening alteration, I would not be likely to consent.

initial: ___

I understand that on my way out of The Hidden Life, I will be temporarily de-altered of any accumulated distortions, given a chance to choose which modifications to take home, then optionally be made to forget the minutes spent de-altered. I agree to the risk that if The Hidden Life building suffers a disaster, I may be stuck altered.

initial: ___

I understand that I will not be in physical or emotional danger, and will be unusually happy and accepting of impositions while visiting The Hidden Life. I agree that The Hidden Life has done their part to prevent any injury and harm, including mental health, and that all experiences I have will be made to be neutral or positive on net. The Hidden Life is not liable should I somehow manage to be harmed.

 initial: ___

I understand that neither I or anyone else will retain memories of who I interact with or see while visiting. I consent to this memory loss and agree to be bound to be unable to record other's identities except if they give me physical objects designed to communicate their identity, such as business cards. I will not attempt to shame others for visiting The Hidden Life.

initial: ___

I'll try to have a good time!

Please provide your signature:

________

Sandra raised her eyebrows and looked at her friends, then at the greeter. "Quite the list."

The woman at the desk nodded. "It's a lot of fun, you'll love it. And you remember everything that happens, just not anything that could identity who it was with. Just keep in mind you'll enjoy a lot of things you'd normally hate. It's part of the fun!"

Sandra sighed. "Sounds good enough, then." She signed the paper and set it down.

Gary, Kevin, and Sammy quickly followed suit. Eric was tapping his pen on the counter absentmindedly, and Pat was staring off into space, in the direction of the wall.

"Hey, Earth to Pat," Kevin said.

She started. "Right." She signed quickly and set her paper down, then went back to staring into space. Eric followed suit.

"Alright! Come right on into the entry chamber, right through that door, one at a time. The light above the door will turn yellow while someone's inside."

Pat bolted into the entry chamber, drawing exchanges of raised eyebrows between the others. The light above the entry door turned on shortly after she went through.

There was a beat of silence.

"Could use some chairs out here, you know," Sammy said.

"We've thought about it, but none of our chairs are really appropriate for a waiting room," responded the welcome lady.

The light above the entry chamber turned off after only moments, and Sandra stepped over to the door, her hand shaking slightly. She glanced back at her friends, biting her lip. Eric gave a thumbs up, and she raised her eyebrows as if to communicate here-goes-nothing. "Time for a day of wild and wacky sex, I guess," she said, and pushed the door open.

----------------

Inside was a small room, only about three feet by three feet, and not well lit. After the door latched closed, a glowing panel slid open in the wall, revealing an opaque cup. She picked it up and looked inside it.

It contained the most appetizing, inviting smell she'd ever experienced in her life. Well, maybe just in a few months to years, she corrected herself. She drank it with vigor, feeling a sense of satisfaction as she tipped the large cup back.

She stood there, basking in the feeling of rightness everywhere the drink had touched in her mouth and throat. She wished there was more.

As she stood, she became more and more aware of the shape of her own body. She could feel how cute the shape of her face really was, her feminine neck, her narrow shoulders. She could feel the shape of her arms and hands, one hanging at her side and the other holding a cup. She could feel the sensation of her boobs, which she basked in the fullness of, wishing she had a little more, and she became happy as she realized her boobs were bigger than she'd thought. She could feel the shape of her thin stomach, and how her hourglass figure curved out along her wide hips. She could feel her ass's fullness, and how to shape of her belly turned into her crotch, and then down her front onto her labia, and up inside her, where she was thirsty like she'd never felt before. She could feel down her legs, and into her feet. She was overwhelmed with the sensation, like all of her body was shouting sensations it had just been whispering before.

A part of the wall withdrew, revealing a ledge just the right width for her, and sculpted like her sitting back and backside. She sat down in it, nestling her ass flush into the form-fitting receptacle, molded just for the shape and had as she arched her back. As she rotated her hips to push her ass back, her pussy came into contact with the ridge of the seat, through her skirt and underwear. She didn't have anywhere to put her hands, but she supposed it didn't matter, so she put them on her knees.

That's when she felt something pushing its way into her drenched pussy - though she hadn't taken her clothes off! - and as it did the ledge moved up from the floor, trapping her with no place to put her hands or feet to lift herself out. She sighed happily as the thing pushing into her pussy started to expand and fill her. She noticed she could feel hollowness reaching up far higher than it should have gone, and a deep thirst in her pussy as intense as if she was thirsty for water. The seat cupping her very full ass was so comforting; she knew she would be safe here as whatever needed to happen, happened.

She couldn't get down, with no purchase to lift herself and her body comfortably pinned into a sitting lordosis by the molding of the seat and the thing in her pussy. She had the presence of mind to notice that she was sitting on her dress, though her mind was quite foggy and she supposed the dress must have been pushed out of the way of the dildo.

The thing filling her pussy started pulsing. She felt like she was drinking from the cup again, each time it pulsed it was like her insides were coated with rightness. She imagined she was drinking from a fountain of love. Spurt after spurt filled her, far more than she should have been able to accommodate. She sighed and let herself experience it as her seat moved out of the room and into the wall overlooking a tall and wide mood-lit room full of people fucking.

----------------

About a minute or so after Sandra entered, the light above the entrance door shut off.

Gary stepped forward, opened the door, and strode though.

Inside, he found nothing out of the ordinary. His cock was hanging out and producing its normal continuous stream of cum, but it had been doing that all morning. He sighed, wishing he'd remembered to cum on his friend's faces. He was disappointed; he had been looking forward to interesting experiences, but instead he was ejaculating thick cum continuously, just like normal. He wasn't even that horny, really.

A hatch opened in the wall, inside of which was an opaque cup. He picked it up and glanced inside, finding that it was empty. He put it beneath his hard dick, gathering his cum, as spurt after spurt filled the cup.

It didn't take long before it was full, and he brought the cup to his lips. His eyes widened as he smelled it - it smelled amazing, the best thing he'd smelled in a long time. He wasn't sure why he hadn't tried drinking his cum sooner. He drank, reveling in the feeling of satisfaction everywhere his cum touched.

After a moment, he began to realize he was feeling horny - very horny. He could feel the shape of his body, and noticed very distinctly how attractive his dick was. He felt the shape of his muscular body, his toned features and thin form. He felt powerful and commanding, ready to lead an army into battle and cover them with his cum, ready hold the weary tight and fill them with love, ready to feed those who needed someone to care for them.

He sighed, disappointed in the lack of anything new from the entry chamber. A gate slid open in one side of the room, and he stepped through, still clothed.

Inside was a large room, clearly the height of the building but not as wide. The walls were decorated with women sitting in recessed ledges, and there were many men and women hanging out and fucking on couches and beanbags. The room smelled strongly of sex, but clean and fresh, as though everyone inside was perfectly clean themselves, their body fluids uncontaminated by decay.

Someone who he didn't know stood and walked over to him. She was completely nude and incredibly hot. She gave him a shy smile as she walked over.

"Hi, I'm Claire," she said, arching her back and clasping her hands in front of herself.

He gave her a caring smile and put a hand on her shoulder. "Nice to meet you, Claire, I'm Gary."

He pushed her shoulder down and put a hand on her face, covering her with his cum. She suddenly looked overwhelmed, her eyes rolling back and her eyelids fluttering, as though merely his cum on her face was intense pleasure on its own.

He pushed her mouth onto his dick. She nearly collapsed, her eyes going wide, but he caught her, and together they kept his ever-hard, ever-coming dick in her mouth
