 "This is so wrong," Limona giggled she followed her friend Bellara through the voluminous stacks of the massive library underneath the Mage Academy tower in Teolos. 

"But it'll be worth it when we find it," Bellara replied.

Limona and Bellara were both eighteen year old Teolian elf novice mages clad in their grey hoodless robe uniforms. Limona has emerald eyes with long brown locks, while Bellara had jade eyes with long blond hair. Both were also average Teolian elves, meaning they were absolutely stunning compared to all other hominid races except the trolls, retaining their soft, voluptuous bodies from sexual maturity until they rapidly aged a few years before their deaths at an average age of one-hundred and twenty. 

Limona and Bellara spent their days studying the ins and outs of magic, but being novice mages, they were kept out of certain sections of the academy library, which had the largest collection of arcane texts in Terrall.

"It sucks that they won't let just anyone go near the books, as if novices our age have no interest in hot sex." Limona rolled her eyes.

"I think they're afraid of the massive orgies that would ensue." Both elves laughed. 

Bellara and turned a corner and found themselves in a large corridor running between the tall wooden bookcase.At the end of the corridor they found what they were looking for: a plain wooden door. On the other side of which were the books on erotic magic, which everyone wanted to look at, but only a privileged few got to see because most of the tomes were reportedly old and fragile, and copying them were low on the library's agenda. During the day the library was too busy for them to attempt to sneak in, but they had waited until late in evening near closing time, when the library was nearly empty.

Limona and Bellara walked to the door and found it locked, as they expected. Bellara said a quick incantation she learned recently, and knocked on the door. The locked opened with a thud.

Bellara grabbed the handle, her eyes sparkled in the light. "Are you ready?"

Limona looked back and said, "Better now than never." 

Limona opened the door and they quickly jumped inside. 

What they found took their breath away. The erotica section was more like a sex club. They were standing at the bottom of a large crystalline hall with two floors worth of stacks that wrapped around the walls. The upper level contained the books themselves, thousands of them, most in very good condition. The bottom level contained cases of sex-toys, from recognizable dildos and butt-plugs, to things that looked more like torture devices. Instead of tables, the floor contained small stands next to large velvet couches. The floor was a mosaic of nude elves while the ceilings were frescos of sex acts. 

Bellara and Limona burst out laughing.

"No wonder they don't want us in here," Bellara said as she walked to a case next the door, looking at the dildos displayed, illuminated by individual crystalline lights.

"Although if they really didn't want us in here, they wouldn't have it made so easy," Limona replied. 

Limona walked to a stand next to a couch towards the center of the room. On it was a book entitled, The Art of Sex Magic. She opened the book to a page with illustrations showing the proper hand position for magical fingering. Limona took the book from the stand and sat down on the couch and faced Bellara, who was slowly moving along the cases, admiring the toys within with a child-like wonder. 

Limona closed her ring and pinkie fingers, and placed her thumb against her index and middle finger. She then thrust towards Bellara, who immediately moaned and caught herself on a case. She had had a slightly flushed face and was trying to catch her breath. 

"What did you do?" Bellara yelled across the room.

Limona blushed and opened her hand back up. "I'm sorry I—"

"I didn't say to stop!"

Limona's heart pounded. She liked men, but wasn't going to disappoint her aroused friend. Limona continued to trust as she walked to the couch nearest Bellara and sat down, the book resting in her lap. 

Her friend was writhing and moaning in ecstasy as she pulled her robes and underwear from her body, revealing her breathtaking form, which was now completely flushed and covered in a dripping layer of sweat. 

Watching her friend lost in pleasure at her fingers thrusting from a few feet away, Limona become hot and horny herself, wetness soaking her panties. Her other hand began to grope and grab at her breasts, tits now hard as rocks. 

Finally, Bellara shook as a powerful orgasm rocked her body. Limona stopped thrusting as the orgasm subsided.

"Give me that!" Bellara ripped the book from Limona and began flipping through it. She stopped on a page and began wiggling her tongue. 

Limona, like Bellara before, immediately began writhing and moaning while tearing her clothes off. It felt like a real tongue licking every inch of her pussy, but there was nothing, and it felt incredible. When Bellara switched to a sucking motion, Limona went to another level of ecstasy as electricity flowed through her clit. Limona convulsed as multiple orgasm hit her one after the other, nearly causing her to black out. 

When her senses returned, Limona threw herself into Bellara and the girls fell back into an electrifying kiss. As their tongues explored each other's mouths, they pressed their bodies into each other, breasts against breasts, pussy against pussy. Bellara shifted and ground her clit against Limona's, sending waves of pleasure through their bodies.

Normally, novice mages were expected to be reserved while in school, but Bellara and Limona had devolved in pleasure craving monsters, not caring about anything else other than their own gratification.

The door to the chamber opened and in walked the chamber's librarian, a female mage named Rinwen, clad in full mage robes. She was over one hundred and her blond hair had taken on a silver-tint. She had a thick, mature body and was still radiant by anyone's standard. 

When she saw the writhing, moaning mass of quivering flesh on the floor, Rinwen smiled. While she didn't expect them, it was always good to see young elves exploring their sexuality within the chamber, the only place in Teolos the Mage Council didn't care what anyone did. 

While Rinwen didn't normally get aroused by any of the normal goings on in that chamber, the fervor and passion the youthful elves displayed turned her on immediately, sending feelings through her body the she hadn't felt in a long time. She immediately disrobed, walked over completely naked and laid down on the couch above them. She massaged a breast while plunging her fingers deep into her glistening slit. 

Bellara and Limona had broken their kiss and were gasping as Bellara's grinding became arrhythmic. She tensed up and cried out. Limona came a few seconds later. And few seconds after that, Rinwen came with a cry of her own.

The younger elves rolled off each other and sat up, staring at the elder elf with a mixture of lust, fear and confusion as they came down off their highs. They both knew her, but not like this.

"Don't worry," Rinwen said. "I won't tell if you won't. And if you want, come back tomorrow night and I'll teach you the finer points of pleasing another woman."

Bellara and Limona stared at each other and then grinned at Rinwen.

They definitely would be keeping that appointment.