 The Hilaria

In ancient Rome, the Hilaria was a festival that coincided with the beginning of spring and it centered around the goddess Cybele, the mother of the gods, who later would become synonymous with Demeter. The festival took place around the timeframe of our modern day "April Fools" merriment. In fact, the ritual of pranking evolved from some of the festival activities as it transitioned from a religious observance into a more secular one. I hope it fits in well enough to the theme for everyone. Remember in the old religions orgies weren't all sex, fun, and games and the tricks sometimes were nasty. 

Of Butterflies and Candles

Hina's body was bonded with brightly colored but rough, hemp ropes in an elaborate diamond pattern down her breasts and belly. The duel cords formed the crotch tie were already cutting into her pussy and ass well before she was placed on the wooden horse and her legs were shackled at the ankles to it. Slowly the hojojutsu master began to bind her long, graceful arms to her sides. "Had she gone too far?" She thought. Her tears had started to well up in her eyes, as the rope dress that restricted her breathing became increasingly torturous.

He was an older man muscular, bare-chested and sweaty -- his shirt was pulled down and left draped in his pants band. His assistant, a young carbon copy of his master, strapped a soft rubber gag into her mouth then turning her head to the side and he pinned it down with his weight. The gag was inflated until her jaw was frozen in place. They and the room smelled of extended strenuous physical activity.

The master began to kneed the skin and layer of upper muscle on her back until they seemed to separate painlessly from her body. "Just remember to relax and breathe." A deep voice whispered. "I know it will be easier said than done. However, you will be lovelier than you can imagine."

Slowly the master began to insert the pointed 3-foot wire into her raised flesh. An exquisite pain gripped her, Hina's struggled but she could not move between the bonds and the man holding her head in position.

"Only seven more to go."

At that moment Hina either came or passed out, perhaps both, in the silent room she thought she heard the patter of her own waters lick the stone floor.

The old man's voice brushed her ear, "You'll be fine."

As the last knitting needle thick rod slid into place she relaxed her own perspiration soaked her skin. The event had been a grueling marathon of agony, endorphins, and a peculiarly unique pleasure from its end. Exhaustion had long since robbed Hina of her will to resist and nearly her consciousness. Slowly, the master and his assistant began clean the blood from her back -- a torment in its own right -- and to knot colorful silks between the spines -- each brush of the fresh antennae startled her awake.

"Bring a mirror that she can see herself."

The assistant rolled a full length mirror into position so that Hina by just lifting her head ever so slightly -- an immensely painful act as it stretched the skin of her back along the rods -- could see her metamorphosis. She appeared winged as a fairy in a children's picture book. She was as beautiful as any specimen in any butterfly collector's collection. Brilliantly colored and winged free in appearance but in reality pinned, bounded, and owned -- owned... again she started to feel slick. Like a butterfly pinned to a board in a picture frame.

The rope-master lifted up the bindings that held her ass and forcefully inserted an egg shaped device with a wired clip attached to it in her before letting them snap back into position. She bristled at this final abuse. Small electrical shocks ran across her as he fixed the delicate clamp to her clit. Orgasm flickered in her, she began to rock trying to reach it only to be denied as the static between her legs ceased.

"Did you think it would be so easy? I doubt you will ever reach what you want." He called out, "She is ready."

Two large double doors opened and four men entered and started to remove her from the sawhorse with speed and precision.

"Take her to the lapidary and set her in place. The guests will be here soon and the mistress' vignette must be ready."

The men moved quickly down the hall. Hina could only gauge the speed by the passing of the checked tile floor as she could not raise her head but so much and only for so long due to her fresh wings. Occasionally the wind from the speed of their movement would catch her wings or the egg inside her would come to life sending her into a fit that her bonds and the men easily controlled.

As the floor became slate the men laid her upon it. The men bound her knees and ankles together. On to her dress they began to attach ropes with carabineers. When the last one was fastened, she began to be hoisted into the air. She at last understood why the two men that had created her looked so tired -- half-a-dozen creatures such as herself dotted the air around groups beautiful young men tied together coated with candles --they had be made into chandeliers.

"Moths to flames." She thought.

The boys squirmed with a pleasure she could not imagine and that they could not resist as each quiver spilled hot wax upon their softest areas. Each of the women seemed locked in the same delicious agony as her. Although some of them were not appearing to enjoy it as much as her and some much more. Of course, they had all been hanging longer than her.

She watched a large table being brought in and set below them. In the background there was the faint sound of a calliope playing carousel music.

"As if everything was not already surreal enough." Hina thoughts left her, as small flashes of heat lightening began to build across her sex. It seemed the night would be endless but at this point there was no way out but through. Just a she began to rack the stimulation stopped.

"Almost there ... damn."

Carrousel Ride

Xochi knelt on the bare wooden prayer bench, the hardwood already bit into her knees. She wore a short, pale melon colored silk robe and a collar that is tethered to a ring bolted to the floor. The very nature of the evening and its many excesses had left her questioning even her own eyes.

"Did a bull in the shape of a man brushed pass her as the left the dinner?"

The image of Jack stretched across a short table made no sense in her frame of reference, even as the event unfolded. His hands shackled above him to a single post at the head of the table and his legs strapped to posts on either corner of the table. The angles of his confinement show off the best parts of his muscular physique. - including his erect 9" member -- Xochi's favorite part. He had bucked at this humiliation and against the rubber hose gag he is now fitted with, but a deal is a deal. Even though this was his part of the bargain she was to remain silent and watch, unless acknowledged. She was more uneasy than she could have ever imagined.

For her part, she had ridden the carousel as Jack had asked to that they could gain entrance to this night. She had submitted, she was his, she did not need to see his submission. But, that was the deal.

She still pulsed from a combination of excitement and abuse. Chi had been strapped onto one of the leather cushioned saw horses that were bolted to the platform of the antique children's ride while wearing blinders. The anxiety and anticipation had driven her to near madness. However, her first three riders had been gentle almost sweet to her as she became carried away on the spinning platform by the loud carnival candy corn music. Not so with the last -- muscular legs drove into her brutally. The music turned grotesque and the last leg of the ride nightmarish. Still it was that near impossibly thick pole that Xochi still shook for. Those gloved hands rough treatment of her body.

The door opened and the Madam enters the chamber. Although she wears a cloak, their difference is absolute. Her six foot plus frame dwarfed Chi's. Long, powerful legs filled heavy heeled boots. She was whispered of with a mixture of fear and desire by the party's attendees -- Epona. Seeing her Xochi understood why.

"So this is Jack." She stands by the table. "Lucky boy."

"Yes." Xochi thought as a pang of jealousy and desire pulsed through her body. She started to speak up in an effort to put an end to this scene but she cannot. Jack was the dominant one in their relationship and in making this deal he had surrendered them both it seemed.

"Well, look at you two. There has been great discussion over who would get you and here you are." Looking directly at Xochi, she said, "Do you think I will return your man in the same condition he came? Let me put any doubts to rest, anything that cums for me is never the same."

She grabbed Xochi, by the leash and collar, pulled her up -- her feet almost off the ground. "But you're so beautiful. When I am done with him. " She licked Xochi's lips with a thick tongue. "I am going to make you feel better than any man has." Her panties were already wet and sticky. Xochi's eyes began to roll back and she spasmed from the control and lack of oxygen, as the wet stain on her panties grew. "Girl you are going to have to do better than that to please me."

"I will."

Epona dropped Xochi to her knees. "Good. Stay. Now Mr. Man -- what to do with you?" She lowered her robe from her shoulder exposing her well-muscled yet feminine form while covering her large firm breasts in a show of false demur.

Xochi understood this was a glance of things to come. Jack, also, grunted his appreciation. She knew this sound and looked away -- this was not a good idea. Chi lowered her head and stared at the floor.

"Look up, bitch. You should get to see what you paid for." Epona commanded.

Xochi obeyed.

"Now, as for you, Jesus, you do have a big dick. Maybe I should just slow ride that piece until it softens." Closing her hand tightly around Jack's cock, Epona ran a well-manicured nail along its head. Her fingers glisten with pre-cum. "I know exactly what you need." She dropped pretense along with her robe. "I cannot believe this fine tool. But we are going to have to make sure you do not cum too soon. I do not have a cage designed to hold one that large but I will make do." She picked up a series of bindings from a side table and proceeded to rope Jack's sex and balls.

The domme stepped back to admire her work and to make sure Xochi could as well. The entire base of Jack's cock is bound tightly to ensure that Jack would remain erect. The rope then coiled around the top of his sack and winding down pulling his heavy balls away from his body. Each testicle in turn is positioned away from the other and is expertly roped in place. Two hooks dangle from the unused part of the binding. Xochi can tell the handmade cock-trap is having the desired effect as she can see the heavy bloated veins pulse.

"How is that?" Epona smiled at her own skill and speed. Reaching back over to the table she produces two weights and connects one to each ball by the hook. Greasing two fingers liberally with her spit, Epona looked at Xochi and lets the weights casually fall from her hand. As they hit bottom, Jack screamed through the gag and thrashed against his bonds -- only making his agony greater. The weights bounced and clacked against each other. As he seems to calm down Epona grabbed his helpless sex and pulled it upward setting off another set of brutal spasms. Then she plunged two of her long wet fingers deep into Jack's virgin ass. Again, this scene resets and replays with Jack the puppet. The last time, however, Epona lowered her head and draws the entirety of Jack into her mouth and throat. Instantly, Jack submitted to the new sensation.

Xochi, while jealous, marveled at her ability. She had been with Jack a little over a year and while being very talented at oral pleasure, she had yet to take in his entire member this way. This woman did it so effortlessly. Her spittle glistens all the way down the shaft as Xochi watches the stranger's head rise and fall. Jack on the edge is held back by only by the bindings, the weights, and the fingers deep in him. All conspired together to keep him from release, yet coaxing it. Again, Xochi shifted her gaze to avoid seeing Jack's pleasure.

Epona stopped. "No, no.... you don't get to cum -- yet." She teased before the cock is all the way out of her mouth. Quickly, she appeared in front of Xochi. "Didn't I tell you to watch?" A slap knocked Xochi back off the bench. She started to stand up instinctively but the sight of the woman stilled her. Xochi crawled back to her place on the bench. "Yes ma'am."

"Better."

Her cheek stung like hornets.

"Watch your man become my bitch."

Chi noticed the strap on that Epona is wearing. "When did she put that on? How could she have missed it? Had it taken her that long to get back to the bench?"

"While not as impressive as your man's own fine member, I think it is close enough to leave the necessary impression." She turned to Jack -- whose eyes opened wide as he tries to escape. "That is it baby, what I like terribly excited with a good dose of the fear of being split into two."

She positioned herself and the waving menace at the foot of the bench. As she heavily lubed its head, "Normally, I make the man responsible for this part. I enjoy watching men give head especially when they realize it will be their ass it is going in next. They are so desperate for anything to make it easier." She laughed, "It never is. However, since you are a first-timer, I think I may go easy on you." With that Xochi watched Epona force almost half of the toy into Jack, who howled abd tried to raise himself off the thick violator. However, his bonds did not allow his escape. "Not really."

Epona placed her hands on Jack's hips and dropped her weight on him. "That's right fight it until your strength gives out. Then I am going to fuck you so good." She cooed. Jack battled to maintain the higher position but slowly he slid down as Epona pushes herself into him. "Relax your ass it will go much easier you sissy and you will enjoy it -- maybe."

It was a struggle to watch for Xochi. Jack's legs were driven further apart as the artificial cock inside him contorted his pelvis into a defenseless position. She burned with both humiliation and more desire than she could have imagined. Jack still twisted but it was useless. Using long, ass-shattering strokes the Epona broke the last of his resistance. Jack whimpered as she showed no mercy to his ass or his now scarlet red hard on.

"Mmmmmmm. Someone likes his ass fucked despite his bitching." She leaned back causing even greater pressure on Jack -- as she stroked him furiously. "You best not cum until I do. Of course, with this plastic horse cock and those bindings that could take a while." Jack's breathing rapidly became ragged and shallow.

He cannot last long but what man would.

"Damn, that is a nice piece you have there." Epona said.

Xochi felt her own sex tighten. As if sensing it the other woman's need Epona looked at her. "Don't worry you are next. I'd mount this stallion but I fear at this point he is about used up -- unlike me. Maybe, next time but he will need to build up some more stamina." She stopped long stroking his ass and starts grinding. Xochi watched Epona draped herself over Jack, as he moved in time with her. She reached behind his head and released the gag.

Jack moaned, "Fuck me."

"Whose ass slut are you?" Epona pulled back and starts working his ass again with force. The move allows his prick which had been trapped between their two bodies to spring free. It was no long simply engorged it is ready to destroy either its bounds or itself.

"Yours."

"Yours?"

Yours, Mistress Epona. May I cum for you please?"

"I think you are about ready." Her hand began the task of roughly abusing Jack while her tempo increased. Xochi feels her own cum leaking from her. Holding Jack still Epona produced a pair of surgical scissors and slid the lower blade under the bounds.

"Are you sure you want this to end?"

"I cannot take ..." Jack's voice fell off. His cock, a purple bruise.

"If he is not released soon," Xochi thought, "he may be of use to no one."

"Don't worry girl. I have no intention of breaking this cock. His ass is enough for today." She slapped his cock and Jack nearly came out of his skin. "Focus. If you do not cum for me now and hard you will lose this and I will have it stuffed, so I can use it to stuff me." With that Epona cut the bonds. The weights drug the ropes around his brutalized dick, Jack roared. As they rattled against the floor and Epona jerked herself from his ass.

Jack came and came and came. He coated him, the table, and the woman. Some of his seed landed mere inches from Chi. "He will not be the same. Epona was right. "I will never be able to possess him entirely now -- I will have to share his desire." She thought.

"Damn." Epona laughed. "Quite impressive. I guess you get to keep that cock. " Jack fell exhausted against the table still shaking and lurching. "Men are so delicate. One cum and done -- well unless they are 17 or so and then they cum too soon. Not like us girls."

"I'll have someone release him shortly. Maybe I will let him try one of the girls if he is able. Frankly, I would be shocked and very impressed. Enough to let him ride me, maybe, on the Carousel. What would the crowd think? For some it would be a dream -- others it would break their hearts." She squatted down to get roughly on eye level with Xochi. "Which is it with you? You do know he'll be back?" Epona waits a moment for an answer, and then smacks her face.

"Yes." Xochi bit her lip.

"Oh sweet thing, that is not a comment on you. I fully expect you both to return to me. Him with all those muscles and that delicious cock. And you as soft as you are -- as lovely as you are." She unhooked Xochi but held onto the lead. "It will be lovely. Now lick his cum off the floor." Xochi almost started to blubber but imagining the penalty for failing to comply she crawled to the spot and presses her tongue against his now cold seed. "Good and now me. Lick me clean." Again, Chi slithered near despondent to her task. Epona pulled her up by the leash, "It had better be spotless."

Xochi slowly licked cum off her new queen's boots then made sure to service every hidden fold. She serviced her plastic manhood choking down its thickness. Jack's scent filled her senses -- she has never tasted him in this way, it disturbed and excited her. She removed the strap-on and ran her tongue over the larger woman's dripping wet panties. As she reaches the ample breasts that nearly overflowed the custom made corset she cleaned them making sure to lick the semi-exposed nipples. Her mouth was sticky and tasted Jack and of Epona's perfume.

As Epona pulled her hair back, she opened her mouth. A foreign tongue found hers and mixing with her own tongue pulled her breath from her lungs. "Delicious. Waste not, want not", as their lips part. "The giantess scooped her up off the floor. Chi clung to her back as her own need rose to a fever.

The next thing Chi knew, she was sailing through the air and fell into a luxurious bed. Despite its being unmade the sheets were fresh and smelled of lavender. The thin robe Xochi wore slipped open revealing two petite but perfect breasts and a pair of modestly cut panties that laced up the back. Before she could gather herself the larger woman had her arms pinned and was kissing her chest and flat belly. Xochi tightened, as did her sex.

"How long have you been caged up?"

"Until tonight over six months."

"How can you stand it? You are so beautiful there are so many men and women that would gladly count you among their lovers." She begins to slide down Chi's bottoms. "I certainly will."
