 The Earth had changed, the old nations had fallen into eclipse. There were less than one billion people on the planet almost all of whom lived in the northern hemisphere. By the 2600s there was no permanent ice anywhere in the world except on the highest mountain tops. 

The witch and her apprentice traveled the roads that rimmed the Sea Of Darkness. It had once been known as the Polar Sea or the Arctic Ocean, although it had been always iced over, but that was before the New Age. The ways of the people of the old world changed it and now it is open water. On this sea it is night for half of the year and day for the other half which is how it came to be known as the Sea of Darkness. 

With the changes in the world had come changes in how the world was understood and dealt with. The branches of learning known as Science and Medicine had drifted into obscurity. The place of science, the way that the universe is knowable had been replaced by the Magistra Ritus. Male dominated, very formal and rigorous. Medicine, now called simply "wellness", was now in the hands of the Guild of Balance. Female dominated, flexible, personal. The witches of the guild preserved the wellness of the people creatively and humanly. 

The witch was Rhone. She was mature, but very fit and well with long chestnut brown hair, pale skin and sea blue eyes. Her figure was womanly with broad hips and a generous bosom but by great care she had maintained a narrow waist and an almost flat stomach. Most people cosidered her to be quite beautiful. Rhone was very well known around the coast of the Sea of Darkness not only for her beauty though, but also for her extraordinary grasp of people's needs. 

Rhone's apprentice was Aine. Young, buxom with a head of wild, curly red/blonde hair. One could be forgiven if they were to take her to be merely a vivacious young hoyden, but she was far more. Rhone had chosen her because she had taken the best accademy scores of her year. Few women her age understood the human condition as well as her. 

Their huge wagon, a house on wheels, was drawn by Venko, a mammoth. One of the last acts of the science of the old nations was the resurection of these mighty beasts from extinction just at the time that the last remnants of their original habitat ceased to exist. It was apparently done simply because it was possible without consideration if it was advisable. Nonetheless, they had become valuable sources of power as the world's fuel supply dwindled away. It was dark in January, a brisk twelve degrees outside, but not really requiring a jacket and so Rhone stood almost nude only in sandals and a short kilt upon the roof of the wagon enjoying the breeze on her exposed skin raising goose bumps on her skin and erecting her nipples. A pair of hands reached from behind her and grasped her breasts. 

Aine said, "Mistress, you should come inside and let me warm you." She rolled one of Rhone's nipples betwen her thumb and finger for emphasis. 

She placed her hands upon Aine's. "I suppose so. The breeze feels so lovely though!" Indeed in the summer it could become hot enough to fry an egg on an exposed rock. These cool temperatures were heavenly by comparison. It rarely got much colder than this on the arctic coast. 

"My kisses shall feel even more lovely, Mistress." 

They had stopped outside of the fishing village of Lamertine in the land of Yukon where they had come to serve, but they would rest before they entered the village. Rhone and Aine filled a tub and bathed one another. Aine carefully toweled off her mistress, brushed out her hair and then braided it into a silky rope that fell to her mid back. She merely pulled back her own wild mane with a leather thong. 

Rhone ran her hands over Aine's porcelain skin, lingering on her plump young breasts. She lightly tongued one of her nipples and the girl let out a sigh of pleasure. Their lips met, their tongue tips danced together. Their bodies met skin to skin. There is no greater bond than that between mistress and apprentice. During her five year apprenticeship, Aine would be of one flesh with Rhone, her student, her servant, her daughter, her sister, her lover. Attuned to her on every level. 

Rhone embraced Aine with her legs as the girl lovingly and first gently, then roughly applied her tongue to her mistress's vulva, now just tickling at her center of pleasure, then thrusting her tongue deeply into her vagina. Aine's own pudenda ran copiously with fluids of passion as she pushed her beloved mistress toward release. Before too long, Rhone let out a deep moan as she pulled the girl's mouth to an even deeper kiss of her quim. Outside, Venko responded with a trumpeting that likely woke the village. He too was attuned to his mistress. 

It was nine hours later that the wagon rolled into the village square. 

The local healer greeted Rhone and Aine warmly. Her name was Gabrielle. She and Rhone had attended academy together, but she had not become a high witch like Rhone. This was the village where she had been born and she came back to serve as the healer to the people she had known and loved all her life. She was not a striking beauty like Rhone. She was short and plump with a broad friendly face and a smile that would thaw the coldest heart. 

The last time they had met, Gabrielle had no apprentice, but now she did, a male one at that! Men in the healing arts were not unheard of, but they were a rarity. For Gabrielle to have taken him on, he must have been quite talented. He was the son of a fisherman from another village and was named Alexi. A tall handsome lad twenty-two years old, blonde and blue-eyed and well muscled from serving on fishing boats on his formative years. 

Rhone needed to make the formal preparations for her duties as a witch to this village. Of course she was not what people of the past would have thought of as a witch. To some that word would have conjured the image of an evil old woman who used magic spells to harm the innocent, who flew about on a broomstick and ate children. To the somewhat more enlightened the image might be that of a practitioner of a pagan religion who danced skyclad in the moonlight. neither would be close to the truth. Rhone was a doctor, an herbalist, sometimes a surgeon, often a healer of broken souls. It was her job to know a person's needs. To do this sometimes she was a high priestess, sometimes a warrior, sometimes a whore, and all of these are honorable things by the lights of her society. 

She had sent Aine to go visit with the young men and women of the village to treat them for lice and rashes if need be, but there was little doubt that Gabrielle had those mundanities well under control, but she was also there to educate them in the ways of love. In this dark world, learning to take the greatest pleasure in one another staves off dark moods. If she can teach a girl a finer grip with her purse, a young man a better twist with his rod or either a more clever flick of the tongue, the world becomes a happier place. Rhone knew that she would return from this assignment tired, but pleased with her efforts. 

The job of preparing Rhone fell to Alexi. She must be perfumed, anointed and dressed for her assignment. Gabrielle was concerned at his ability to meet all the steps of the ceremony on his own and wanted to stay to help, but Rhone insisted that it had to be just the two of them, that he would be inhibited by the presence of his mistress. 

It is a job that is normally done by a girl, but Rhone was not bothered at all. For Alexi it was a bit different he realized has he was sponging Rhone's nude body in the bath. His clothing was becoming soaked as he did so. 

"You really should be nude when you are doing this." Said Rhone. 

"It would be uncomfortable, Lady Rhone." 

"Really, more uncomfortable that wearing wet clothes?" 

"But Lady..." 

"You think you are to become a healer and you are squeamish about the human body?" 

"Lady Rhone..." 

"If I have to make it an order, I will feel compelled to mention it to Gabrielle." 

He regarded her in silence. 

"If I were your mistress, you would do it in a second." 

The truth was that he bathed Gabrielle all of the time in the nude and did much more. In fact he saw to all of her body's needs with eagerness and pleasure and Gabrielle had given his service to Rhone. He stood and shed his clothing. Rhone was pleased with what she saw. He had a muscular ridged abdomen, beautifully defined arms and legs, but Rhone's eyes lingered with approval on his thick cock. "You should be more comfortable now." 

"Stand and let me dry you, Lady Rhone" She stood with arms spread as he toweled her off and then sprayed her with a perfume that imbued her with the scent of a field of wildflowers. She was beautiful, nude and fragrant. He didn't know where to allow his eyes to come to rest, the bow curve of her lips, Her full and perfect breasts, the hemispheres of her bottom. He was acutely aware of every inch of, the weight of his penis, like a glow of electric sensation. He hesitated. 

"Are you going to oil me or not?" 

"Of course." He turned to fetch the bowl of scented oil. Rhone regarded the tight muscles of his buttocks with appreciation. He returned to her side dipping the corner of a cloth in the bowl. 

"Don't use a cloth. I wish to feel your hands on me." He obediently dropped the cloth, resigned that it had been his last defense. He dipped his hands in the oil and then applied them to Rhone's shoulders and back. Moved down over her butt and legs. He felt his body start to react. He did not anoint her face, but moved on to her firm and heavy breasts. Her nipples erected beneath his fingers. He could feel the skin of his cock starting to stretch. He was about to move on to her abdomen but she said, "Massage my breasts. I love the feel of your hands on them." He wordlessly obeyed and didn't move downward for another couple of minutes. He now had a full erection standing out from his body like a meaty exclamation point. 

He worked oil over her stomach and than moved downward. Her womanhood was mostly shaven with only a small tuft of hair above it. He rubbed oil on her mound and then her vulva itself. She ground herself against his hand and gave a slight moan. "Be thorough." she whispered and widened her legs. 

Alexi was starting to feel light-headed. "How will this end?" he wondered to himself. If Gabrielle had assigned him to do Rhone's will, then that is what he must do. Part of his job was to give pleasure to those who needed it, but never before had it been with someone who so outranked him professionally. 

He was massaging scented oil into her vulva feeling how she grew moist from within. "Put your fingers inside of me." She said. He complied feeling her complex inner surfaces as she gasped with pleasure. Oh yes! That is good!" she said. "You may stop." 

Alexi took a step back. He actually felt slightly dizzy. She opened her eyes and looked at him with a broad smile. "Look how proudly he stands!" His cock was strainingly rigid and running with rivulets of pre-ejaculate. 

"Lady, I cannot help it!" 

"Are you embarrassed?!? I would think you would be embarrassed not to have a cock-stand after that! I think I might feel insulted if you didn't! What a fine cock he is too!" 

"Thank you Lady Rhone! Your beauty is so great!" 

"Well, we cannot leave him like that! Sit." She gestured to a one of the bathing room benches and went over and sat beside him. She closed a hand around his manhood and then leaned over and kissed the tip and started licking up the fluid which was leaking out. She then took a good portion of its length into her mouth. He had already been so close. A pulsating torrent emerged from him. Rhone took three big swallows and still some dribbled from her lips. "Ah!" she said, "Having some of that in me makes me feel balanced and ready for the day's tasks! I think I shall be wanting more of that from you, Alexi." 

Alexi had very nearly fainted. He stared glassy-eyed into space. His now limp penis dribbled still more fluid. Rhone stood and smiled. "Alexi? Alexi, my robe! Surely you don't expect me to go on my calls nude, do you?" 

Alexi snapped from his trance and got Rhone's dress robe which bore the sigils of a high witch. Only around fifty people in the world had attained her rank. It was different from the plain black robe that Gabrielle wore which simply covered her from neck to ankle. The robe of a high witch was the great symbol of female power. To bring fleshly pleasure and to bear and nourish children! The robe was a deep crimson and reached to her ankles. It closed in the front with a belt and no overlap so that when she walked in it the full length of her legs would be exposed and her womanhood when she sat. Above the belt the robe was open exposing her breasts completely. Not every high witch was as striking as Rhone, but the robe always made an impression. 

Gabrielle escorted Rhone to the lighthouse by torchlight and introduced her to Tom Inaq, the lighthouse keeper and then took her leave. Tom stared at her with wonder and respect. "Lady, that you should come here to deal with my small problem is such an honor! I just..." 

Rhone raised a finger to silence him. "Please, just allow me to look you over." She paced in a circle around him, looking him up and down, sniffing at the air in the room. Mostly fresh with a hint of the sea and a bare memory of the previous evening's fish fry. In anticipation of meeting with the High Witch, he had dressed in his finest clothing including his service jacket. "Pleas correct me if I am wrong about any of this, Tom. you are sixty-two years old. You were married, but separated from your wife ten years ago. She now resides in a town farther inland." 

"Yes ma'am, in Inuvik." 

Rhone noted that he was quite a handsome man. He had a full head of iron gray hair that fell just below his ear, fine features and a strongly molded jaw. He was of average height, but broad of shoulder and well muscled. Surprising for a light house keeper. "How long have you done this job?" she asked. 

"I had been a logger, but shortly before my wife and I split up, my father who had been the previous keeper died and I took over the job." 

"Alright. And since then you have more or less enjoyed the life of a bachelor." 

"The unattached local ladies of a certain age have been forthcoming and friendly. Even a couple or so of the younger ones like Wandy who draws pints at the Lucky Sailor. She has no prejudice against a man with experience...at least until lately."  

"And lately you have experienced problems with..." 

"My cock-stand, ma'am, and when my friend does decide to cooperate it seems to take me forever to bring forth my man gravy. Even young Wandy becomes a trifle impatient." 

"How old is young Wandy?" 

"Twenty-seven I believe, ma'am." 

"Well done, Tom! Well, we should keep a girl with such respect for her elders satisfied!" 

Tom laughed. "Ma'am, I would not be so concerned with the notion of Wandy going unsatisfied! She is a very friendly lass and enjoys a great deal of variety in her life. Young or old, man or woman, all can enjoy her friendship and favor and she much enjoys theirs!" 

"I see! It sounds like she should be in my profession rather than standing behind a bar?" 

"Well ma'am, even her most enthusiastic efforts have not healed me." 

Rhone reached for her satchel of tools and potions. "Then we must see what my efforts can do." She removed a small vial of blue glass, uncorked it and held it out. "Take a small whiff of the fumes from this bottle. not too much." 

Tom complied and a calm smile blossomed on his face. "That is a fine concoction lady!" His eyes found her breasts and stayed upon them. 

"It is merely to relax you and reduce your inhibitions. I can see that it does its job effectively." She stepped forward closing the space between them to half a meter. "You should touch me if you want to." 

He was not shy reaching out with both hands to fondle her breasts immediately. She kissed his lips and as she did, she unhooked her belt allowing her robe to fall off silently to the floor. The robe of a high witch was in fact designed to fall quickly and with utter silence when unhooked making it seem as if it had merely vanished leaving her magically completely nude. An effective bit of showmanship. Tom seemed not to notice it had ever been there as his hands next found the firm hemispheres of her bottom. "You should undress." She whispered in his ear. 

He showed eagerness, but these were his best clothes so he carefully folded them as he removed them. It took him a few minutes to get naked. For his age he was in fine shape. A flat stomach, good posture, good skin. He didn't appear to suffer from any vitamin deficiencies. Although he was missing two teeth, the ones he had seemed sound. His eyes were clear and white. His cock seemed normal enough. of average size, but even after giving his hands free range over her body, it still hung as placidly as a sleeping bat. "Do you enjoy seeing my body, kissing me, touching me?" She cupped he cock and balls in her hands as she again kissed him, this time deeply. She pelt his cock stir only slightly in her hands, just the smallest amount of engorgement. "I shall have to examine you more closely, we should lie down." They went to his bed. 

Rhone gave tom another whiff of the calming potion to help him be less conscious of her high rank and feel she was more like one of the local women he would enjoy fucking. She laid down with him and placed his hand between her legs. He massaged her well to a state of wet receptivity while their tongues intertwined. Between kisses she murmured "My cunt wants your kisses too." 

"Then she shall have them!" he said and started kissing his way down her body, lingering on her nipples only briefly and then down her stomach to her mound. He teased a little kissing the inside of her upper thighs and then the region right where leg met twat until he finally took a first long slow lick of the entire length of her cleft. He spread her legs further apart and probed inside finding the inner lips and her clit. 

Rhone noted that he was not without some skill. Not the best she had ever had, but by no means the worst. He would have her come quite well before too long. He slid two fingers inside of her and vibrated hid tongue tip in just the right place. She bucked and gushed with a deep moan. For only a moment she lay panting, but quickly remembered that she was working. She rolled him over and took hold of his cock which was still but half hardened. She took it into her mouth where it at last became almost fully erect. She sucked him with gusto. He rolled his hips in response. She freed him from her mouth and sat atop him taking him smoothly into her cunt. She ground her hips and squeezed him with her well trained internal muscles. "Call my name!" She commanded. 

"Rhone, Rhone!" He moaned in obvious ecstasy, but at the same time she felt his cock softening. 

She stopped and lay atop him. She kissed his lips and said, "You are a fine man, Tom. I will make you whole again." 

Still fully nude, Rhone worked with her potions in the lighthouse kitchen as Tom sipped some tea. He remarked, "Even if I couldn't get there, it was still a glorious time, Lady Rhone!" 

She continued to work even as she answered. "You have skills enough that some women might be satisfied with that, but you know that you are not satisfied. There is a partial blockage of your Svadhishthana chakra. I could give you drugs that would induce an erection on demand, but you would still have trouble cumming. Your fulfillment in fucking will remain impaired until the chakra is unblocked. Your orgasm must flow freely! I shall make that happen." 
