 It is dark. The neon light at the end of the alley blinks, it’s reflection in the dirty puddles dotting the alley. Natasha sinks deeper into the shadows and  a chill runs up her bare legs as the wind blows a filthy scrap of paper past her, deep in the shadows of the doorway. She pushes the raincoat down as it rises in the wind, exposing the pubic hair beneath. 

In the distance a siren wails a garbage can lid rattles, too far away to be a threat. Any time now.

She knows it is coming, the touch is expected but she jumps as she feels the strange little hand against the back of her leg. He is here. She relaxes slightly as the tension of the wait is past, still tense to the possibility of a double cross, of trouble.

Despite her revulsion at the memory of her last sight of the misshapen little man she trembles as his hand, or what passes for his hand, slides slowly up and down the inside of her leg. 

‘I have been watching you for a long time, standing here,’ he said, the words muffled by the thick folds of his mouth. She could imagine the huge tongue licking those lips in anticipation. ‘They must pay you well for this,’ he laughed grotesquely.

‘Yes,’ she said, hesitating to say more, afraid that her voice would betray her anticipation for what was coming next.

‘Let me see you,’ he grunted.

She stepped back into the dim light as she slowly slid the belt through the buckle of the long coat. The broad brim of her hat, low over her head cast a shadow across her face as she opened the coat wide. Her skin, milky white, made a striking contrast against the shadow and the pubic hair, black and unusually long. The cold air whipped across her flat belly and over her round breasts. Her nipples were hard and erect, almost painfully so as the cold air swirled.

The neon cast an unearthly tone, the skin almost appearing blue, like the ski of a dead man, as it flashed in the distance. As the light pulsed in the dark she could hear the little man grunting throatily in the shadow, a gasp each time the light revealed the tall, perfectly shaped body.

‘Come to me,’  his voice rasping with his passion.

She moved forward into the dark doorway, coat held wide. Low and dark, a deeper shadow waited, less than four feet tall, huge misshapen head that housed a tongue of incredible proportions and dexterity. She wrapped her coat around the little body pulling him tight against her, his head burying into the warmth between her thighs.

He pushed her back to the box that she knew would be there, at just the right height to accommodate his unusual proportions.  She could feel his nose as it nuzzled against her clit, already hard in anticipation. 

Her legs spread as she sat, knees rising to open herself wide to him. His nose slid down over her clit to the wet opening beneath. She felt his warm breath as he took in the aroma of her cunt, hot and wet, anxious. He rubbed his nose over her cunt, his heat rising as the smell of her took control. ‘Hooo,’ he moaned as his lips passed over her wet flesh.

His face buried deeper as he moved the mouth over her lips sucking on one then the other, moaning as he did, his tongue flickering over the top of her clit.

‘Don’t tease me, dwarf,’ she said more forcefully than she’d intended, her passion rising. She pulled his head deeper, sliding down open herself even wider.

The tongue slid into her slowly, pushing deep into her, so rough that her clit, sensitive from the sucking screamed in pleasure and pain. Still it went into her. No wonder he couldn’t talk, longer and rounder than a normal tongue, it was really only good for one thing. Still it drove into her. Her mind wandered as she tossed her head back, mouth open in ecstasy, her breath rasping from the back of her throat.  Well over 18 inches long, round it was more like a, well, a dog dick than a tongue, she smiled wickedly, her teeth bared, at the memory as she drove down on the tongue, the pain of it pounding against her cervix driving her deeper, not away from the blinding flashes that burned within her as she drove down harder on the misshapen organ. The orgasm shook her, her cunt pulsing, three, four times she counted, but still the tongue came……..

Feeling her cum the dwarf smiled to himself and couldn’t resist chuckling as his mouth pressed hard against her cunt, wet and throbbing. He slowed and felt Natasha slump against the dark wall, but did not remove the tongue.

Deep inside her the tongue started to move, the tip curling, probing, moving into the deepest recesses of her body. 

All thought gone now, only the throbbing of her body as the tongue moved deep within her. Her trust was complete and she sunk deep into the sensation coming from within her. Each touch of the tongue, each new area explored brought new waves of pleasure and pain, so artfully crafted that she lost sight of the difference between the two. The orgasms started again and with it a dull moan, deep in her chest, rising as the intensity of the contraction racked her body. Rising, the sound filled the air, ringing off the walls of the alley, joining the scream of the sirens, closer now.

Finally, it was over. Almost unconscious, Natasha lay slumped against the wall, a weary but blissful smile on her lips. Unable to move, she watched through lidded eyes as the dwarf inserted first one, then two and finally three huge diamonds into her cunt, so numb now that she wouldn’t have known they were there if she hadn’t watched him push them into her with that wonderful tongue.

The dwarf grinned a wicked grin, pulling the coat over her quivering thighs He pulled a cap out of his coat and tugged it over his head, turned and quickly made his way down the alley. Poor dumb Dopey would be waiting at the door to the cottage, some miles out of town. He could just make it before daybreak. If Doc and Grumpy ever found out they would never let him out of the mine again, he grinned. It would be worth it though when it was all over. And now it had begun.

Natasha realized that she was cold and pulled the coat closer around her. She adjusted the belt and moved off down the alley in the other direction on unsteady legs, feeling the wall beside her for support. She chuckled. Fucking Dwarf!