 This is a work of pure fiction. Any similarities between persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All people are over 18. This story contains quite a few sex scenes, if this in not what like to read, consider this your fair warning. Do not reproduce this work without permission.

As this is my first ever story, please expect spelling and grammatical errors. And some bits that don't read correctly. I'm still learning and if you would like a part 2, leave a comment or message me.

Also, my thanks to Bono Dono for skimming over my story for me. It's appreciated and I highly recommend the stories you have written.

-Spike75man

*

The air of the AC was chilly against my skin. I've been sat here for what seems like ages, with no other company except for a Bunsen burner, test tubes and my pride and joy my "home made" 3D micro assembler. I'm no scientist, but I do have a good idea of how to accomplish something I want to do.

I looked at the timer on the screen of the PC controlling the assembler... Oh well, might as well get a coffee and try to relax. I knew it wasn't going to be an easy job, but 36 hours to process, sheesh!

So I shuffled upstairs and put the kettle on, made a coffee and tried to relax. It's just pretty hard to when you are as kinky as I am and your goal is in sight. I picked up my phone and texted Jane "Hey babe, I think I've finally done it. It's assembling now, are you sure that you still want to try it. As once it's activated, there is a risk it'll NEVER come off?"

Within seconds she relied "I love you for our shared kinks and I don't care if I get stuck like it! I know we talked about moving in together and I've decided that if you still want me, I'd love too! Do you want to have a moving in and activation party at the same time? xxx" - I still don't know how she manages to text so fast, it baffles me!

"Of course I still want you, I think I've been in love with you for some time. I'm really glad we met on AFF. I was pretty sure, no one would like what I like to do. Let alone only be a couple of streets away. There's roughly 36 hours remaining on the assembly. So big question... When do you want to move in? xxx"

With lightning speed (again), my phone beeped "Well, when would you like me to? xxx"

OK I thought, texting is OK, but I thought it would be better to call her. After about 2 rings "Hi! I was just about to text you, I can move in straight away if you like....".

Just then my door bell went off. Typical, trying to have a conversation and there's someone at the door. "One sec love, there's someone here. I'll just poke my head out the door".

"OK, I'll wait". Opening the door, the little sneak was there with a suitcase in hand wearing a big grin "Miss me?". She really is my dream woman about 5'4", 8 stone, curves in all the right places, long curly dark auburn hair, lovely 38 C breasts and smooth and toned legs. She was dressed in a lovely dark blue shift dress wearing her favourite 4 inch heels -- the ones with the inch thick ankle strap and tiny gold padlocks.

We crossed the distance to each other and practically devoured each others mouths. Needless to say, the phones were forgotten about. After coming up for air "I thought you would be over quick, but not this quick. Not that I'm complaining in any way shape or form! You look fantastic as always, good enough to eat..."

"Oh, you charmer you! Well are are you going to invite me in?" So I picked her up in one arm and the suitcase in the other. "I shall show you to OUR room, milady". "Don't be daft I know the way, I've been there before you know" Then I had a daft goofy grin on my face, remembering what we had done there (repeatedly)!

I followed her carrying her suitcase for her, to the bedroom. I put it down and opened it and said "This dresser is all yours". Turning around only to be met with her on her knees and undoing my flys. "First off" she says "I'm going to say hello to one of my favourite parts of your body".

I'll admit is was a little stiff from watching her ass in that dress, climb those stairs in her heels. Yes, the goofy grin was ever present. With that passing thought she was swirling her tongue around the end of my cock. Now not to brag, but, my 8.5" by 2" thick member, that I am blessed with usually satisfies most women. But I realised that as she took me into her throat, I'll never find anyone else like her and I don't want anyone else.

This realisation and the fact that she administers a world class blue ribbon blow job, set me off after only a few minutes of her lavishing my cock. She pulled off me after swallowing my load "WOW! That was quick tonight. What's got you excited? Usually you last at least 20 minutes longer. Not that I didn't like the present you just gave me".

"I was just thinking how lucky I am to have met you and now you are moving in and I'm loving it. Also...." Pulling her to her feet, as she's only a couple of inches shorter than me in her heels "I know I've said it before, but, please listen to what I have to say... I think... NO... I know I am in love with you. I do not want anyone else just you." She looked up "Well, it's about damn time!" She said with a heart wrenching smile "I am in love with you too, we just seem to fit each other perfectly". "Now, come here and kiss me you fool!".

Tonsil tennis ensued. Game, set and match. Love each side. Now it was my turn to give her pleasure. So I picked her up and gently put her on the bed. I rolled her dress up and saw that she was not wearing her panties (naughty woman!). "Oh! I see someone is happy to see me" Looking at her drooling sex. I fished under the bed to bring out a little stool I kept here for just this reason. You see I love giving oral to a woman, especially, as I now know that I'm totally in love with her.

I sit down and start caressing her delicate folds with my fingers. She says "Not tonight you don't I want your mouth on my clit. It need your tongue now!". Well, who can argue with that? I sealed my mouth over her love button and teased it with my expert tongue. "OH GOD YES, THAT'S IT. SUCK IT HARD!". Well, I went with gusto. I licked, sucked, kissed, rubbed and anything else I could think of. About 2 minutes of this, she started to tremble, then shake "OH GOD PHIL! I LOVE YOU AND I'M GOING TO CUM!" With that she did, and did she cum. It is like a fine wine, I never try to waste a drop. She was mewling and writhing, so I did the only thing I could. I speared her pussy with my index finger and started massaging her G-Spot. With that she.... promptly passed out. Damn it! Done it again..... Luckily she came to a few seconds later.

"You naughty man, you did it again didn't you?" with a happy and contented look on her.

"I have no idea what you are on about." (Cheshire Mode Engaged)

"Well buster, you had better come up here and make love to me"

"What the lady wants, the lady shall receive".

"Goody, just what I want to hear".

We kissed and made out, not in any rush. "One sec" she said sliding off the bed and started to unbutton her shift dress. Swaying to music only she could hear. The last button popped off and revealed her lingerie she was wearing.

"WOW! And double, and triple WOW!".

"You like..."

"I Love!"

She was stood there in a corset with matching suspender belt, hold up stocking (which I did see already ;-)" and her favourite heels.

"Lucky me!"

"Well if the experiment goes to plan you could see more of the sort of thing"

I held my arms out and we embraced each other, like it was the first time that two hearts came together to heal each other. We had both been married before and each of our respective partners cheated on us. We found solace in each others arms and a warm fuzzy and comfortable feeling enveloped us.

"Do you want to make love to me tonight?" She said looking up to me, unsure with doubt in her eyes.

"I can think of no other thing I would like to do, than to make you happy". I leaned in and deeply kissed her. "I don't want to hear anything like that ever again. I love you and only you. I swear to you on my mothers grave, what happened to us both previously will never happen to us. You are my world and you complete me."

She looked up and started to smile "I just needed to hear it, you know I'm still a little insecure".

"You don't have to worry about us, I don't intend in letting you get away", then kissed her with a soul searing kiss.

I reached over to my night stand and reached into it. "I was going to save this for a romantic meal at your favourite Italian place.... But, I think now is the time".

She got up with a look of concern and a bit of confusion on her face.

I got out of bed and knelt on one knee holding a small black velvet box in one hand.

Her hands went straight to her face "NO! NO! NO! NO!" with startled look on her face.

"Oh YES! Lexi Jane Lawton, would you do me the honour of being my wife?"

She bolted out of bed (and in those heels it was impressive). She sat on my knee and stroked my face, crying her eyes out (ruining her mascara). "YES! YES! YES!" she just kept on repeating. I took out the diamond encrusted platinum ring and slid it up her finger.

"Oh and welcome to the family... Mrs. Young", our lips met and locked onto each other.

After the kisses turned to caresses, she said "I didn't think I'd find anyone like you. My previous husband couldn't understand my heel kink and love of lingerie.

"Lexi... do me a favour would you and I'll do the same. Let's not ever mention our ex's ever again. They are in the past and out of our lives. I would never do to you what that rat did to you and I'm sure that you would never do to me what that bitch did to me. I love you and only you."

She leaned over and said "Now take me to be my future husband and ravish me...", she reached down and started stroking my already hardening shaft. "I need this in me now.... Now hop to it hubby". My response "Married 4 seconds and already giving orders". To which she giggled got up and got on all fours on the bed. All I could see was her perfect heart shaped ass pointing directly at me.

"Well come on then! What are you waiting for a signed invitation?" followed by a really girly giggle. "Come on big boy I need that in my favourite hole, come on stick the big tool in my hungry ass hole, it's already lubed for you".

It was a sight to behold my future wife practically begging me to make love to her ass hole. It's another thing I love about her. An errant thought crossed my mind and was dismissed just as quickly. It was a brief snippet of time with my ex saying "You want to stick that in my ass? Disgusting...". I know it's not for everyone, but I think you should try it at least once.

Anyway back to the moment as it were. She was one the be with her heels and stocking on, attached to the tightly laced corset. So I came up behind her and caressed her ass cheeks. "Come on lover boy, I've been waiting for this all day". I took my cock in hand and slowly started to put in in her glorious ass hole. My head popped in and then something happened that I wasn't expecting. She lunged back and took my whole length in one fluid push. "Oh GOD!" she exclaimed "That's it... now fuck me hard".

I managed a modicum of independent thought and started to thrust into her, whilst building up speed. Soon I was making the tiny amount of padding in her ass start to ripple with my deep penetration of her nether hole. She was grunting and interjecting with the occasional "Yes...Yes...Yes..." and "I want it deeper". After a good half an hour and a few changes of position she said "That's it, I'm so close". I re-doubled my efforts and with nothing touching her pussy.... She came and then squirted. Her legs virtually gave out and she nearly passed out again.

Within the tight confines of her ass hole her rippling pussy and ass hole sent me over the edge to. My balls tightened and I started to spurt into her bowels, what seemed like a years worth of cum. With the first splash of cum in her, it set her off again. She managed to move and little and spoon against me. She turned and said "Please leave it in me, I love it in there and hold me, please?"

"You never have to ask me sweet heart, you know I love to kiss and cuddle" I replied. With our energetic love making, we passed out and slept in our bed.

OK, brain re-booting and coming online. Need coffee. Hold the phone, I thought. There's something wrong with this picture. My cock was hard and in a warm place. I cracked an eyelid and Lexi was there in all her splendour and was riding my morning wood. "Hey there sleepy head, I saw this really stiff pole and decided to give it a ride" she said with a cheeky grin. At the precise moment she rolled her hips to slid me in and around her pussy.

Then she leaned forward and we kissed and rubbed, licked and nibbled each other. I reached out and squeezed her impressive rack and licked and nibbled the already hard nubs of her flesh. This brought a happy sigh from her and she was still riding my cock up and down.

She then started riding me faster, with her arms cradling the back of her head. "Please Phil! I need it in my pussy! We are soul mates and I want you children!". With that line, I thought "Why the hell not, we love each other and if she wants my children, no our children. I want to be her husband and father to my kids".

She leaned down we lip locked together and wrestled with our tongues and I reached down and squeezed her ass. She started grinding on my hard rod and I could feel that I was at the end of her love tunnel. Just then, she pushed down hard. My cock actually went past her cervix and into her womb, setting off an orgasm. She shook and moaned with tears in her eyes. She pulled slightly away and whispered in my ear "Now make me pregnant".

With all the eroticism and touching, caressing and my cock firmly wedged in her. Not to mention the thought of getting her pregnant. My flood gates opened and my hot seed poured into her womb. She shook, and moaned, babbled and finally came back down to earth about a minute later.

She put her head on my shoulder and cuddled up to me. Now I think I know what a wolf feels like when it's knot expands and keeps it embedded in the female. Slowly my cock deflated and gently slipped from he wanton pussy. She whispered "I love you and if we keep this up I'll be with child sooner than later. My husband."

She started too weep and still had a smile on her face. "What's up, kitten?" I enquired. "I'm not sad" she said, "I'm happy that we have found each other and fit perfectly together". We dosed for and bit and finally got out of bed.

"You wore your lingerie and heels all night?", as my senses were still a little foggy. "Yes, if the experiment goes to plan it'll be a lot more often". She started to do a strip tease and remove her clothing. "Oh! Before I forget...." she says opening the suitcase she brought with her. She pulls out a pair of clear plastic one piece four inch heels. She unlocked the heels she had on and rolled off her stockings. She slid her feet into the plastic heels. "Can I ask what you are doing sweetheart?". "Well ever since I have been alone and seeing you occasionally, I've been in heels and corsets 24/7. As I can now let my kink fly. Also, I can't do flat footed any longer. I love the feel of my arches and look of my heels. So I can shower, I bought these, and they seem to work". She said with a smile and then started to glide out of the bedroom in the plastic heels and stopped at the door frame, turning slightly and saying "Going to join me?".

I had no clue how dirty you could get, whilst trying to get clean...

Needless to say whilst in the shower she swallowed my cock again and then wanted a deposit in her ass. When I'd finished coming in her ass, she leaned out the shower and retrieved a butt plug and bent over at the waist and inserted the plug with a happy sigh. "That's better! I've sealed your cum in my ass" she said with a wink.

I'm not sure what happened, but, my cock rose again. (I was starting to worry about chaffing). She then kneeled down and swallowed my cock again for the second, or was it, third time. I sort of lost count at that point! After what seemed like only a few minutes, what ever was left in my balls was deposited directly down her throat. "Ah!" she said "Lovely, a high protein breakfast. Can I have one every morning?", with a sly smile. Well what was a man supposed to do... I picked her up and kissed her deeply and caressed her breasts and stomach and pussy lips and whispered softly "You can have what you want, when you want. As long as I get to do this....". I slowly picked her up and laid her down on the soft rug on the floor.

She looked and me and said "Please. I need your tongue". I dove between her legs with her plastic high heels resting some way down my back. I could see the butt plug in her ass hole and her folds weren't just damp from water. I began a half hour of full on pussy eating and gentle g-spot massage. I lost count of how many time she came and the last one was really powerful.

We finally managed to stop pawing each other get dressed. Once, she was dry she put on a really nicely leather worked corset suspender belt, stocking and a beautiful jewelled pair of metal heeled shoe boots. Then after a bit of rummaging in her suitcase and the obligatory "I'm sure I packed them" and "There there are!". She sat on the edge of the bed and put a strap under each heel arch and this met a band going around the ankle and snapped it shut with a small sterling silver padlock for each one. "Much better! Now I'm happy".

I was stood there naked, slack jawed and slightly salivating.

"Erm, are you getting dressed to sweet heart or are you admiring the view?".

"I'm definitely enjoying the view and might I say you look stunning".

"Oh! You charmer you! Could you do a favour whilst I'm putting on my make-up?"

"Of course I can. What would you like"

"Breakfast please. 2 slices of toast and a hot coffee would be fab"

I quickly got dressed and headed down stairs. I heard from behind me "You have a lovely ass in those jeans"

I set to work doing the toast and decided to make a pot of coffee. About 20 minutes later, perfection descended the stairs and glided in on the impossibly high heels. With perfect dusky pink lips, slightly glittery natural coloured eye shadow. Dark mascara and just a hint of blusher. She had wrapped herself in a mid length summer dress that came down just above the knees

"Ah... Thanks honey. I think we'll need the energy later, if you get my drift"

"Sorry..."

"For what?"

"I'm staring again, aren't I. It's just you have blown me away with your beauty"

"That's alright, I'm glad I interest you. You can stare as much as you like."

"Interest?.... That's the understatement of understatements!" I exclaimed.

"So, you like what you see do you?"

"Oh, hell yes! Are you sure you want to be shacked up with a slob like me. You could have anyone you want."

"Only you babe. I'll never change my mind either. When do you want to tie the knot?"

"As soon as possible. I'm not letting you get away and come to your senses, you divine creature".

"Well, how about this... We go to city hall today and get hitched and we'll do the big one for the families later. I'm not now or ever changing my mind about being your wife"

"I love you so much" and leaned in for a light kissing session. Not wanting to spoil her make up.

We finished breakfast and headed out, straight to city hall.

She got on her phone and said "Hey Chelsea, it's me. Yes, Yes, I'm fine now. I've met someone!"

I could only hear one part of the conversation, but, it was pretty obvious what was going on.

"Could you meet us at City Hall in about 20 minutes? That's great see you soon"

We arrived at City Hall and there was her best friend Chelsea. She came running over.
