 This is a work of pure fiction. Any similarities between persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All people are over 18. This story contains quite a few sex scenes, if this in not what like to read, consider this your fair warning. Do not reproduce this work without permission.

This is the second instalment of the story. I love feedback (constructive) and really appreciate you taking time to read my musing. I write for fun and enjoyment. I do try to check my story for errors. As an amateur I'm sure there will be grammatical and spelling errors!

Hope you like it.

-Spike75man

I awoke to the gentle sound of light (and very cute) snoring from my lovely new wife. The last few days had been a whirlwind. Married the love of my life. The experiment was now done and it seemed to go pretty much as planned. The surprise was then finding out we were having twins too! I really should be freaked out how much life was going to change. But too see my lovely new wife asleep beside me makes my heart expand and love her more. I couldn't help myself as I snuggled up to her. My right hand travelled down her totally smooth and hairless body. I gently used my index finger to just gently touch the outside of her folds.

"Mmmmmmm...."

I started to increase my gentle caress of her sex. I briefly and very lightly using a feather light touch, used my finger pad to slide across her clit.

"Ooooooooh..."

"Lexi, Sweetness.... Are you awake?"

I look at her and just see a slight redness to here face. "I don't think she's awake, but, she seems to be enjoying what I'm doing." I thought with an evil grin on my face.

"OK. Time to take it up a notch." being my next thought. Now I start to circle her clit with my finger pad and ever so gently start to stimulate her a little more. I can now smell her arousal as her fantastic body responds to my touch. All I want to do is make her happy and this is one of the many ways that I can do that for her.

"Ahhhhhhh......" with a slight intake of breath.

Her eyes flutter and she slowly realisation sets in. "Mmmmmmm..... Don't stop that feels wonderful. What a way to wake up. You may have a permanent...... Oh GOD!" As she starts to shudder as I firmly suck her enhanced nipple into my mouth. After a few light lashing with my tongue I release her nipple.

"Oh no you don't buddy! You've got me started. I need you to make me cum."

I smile and move my mouth to her other nipple and simultaneously plunge my index finger into her now hot and wet pussy.

She inhales and shudders as a micro climax rushes through her. "Keep going my wonderful husband. I love you so much, my hansom devil."

I then remember something and decide to try it out. I work my pinky finger into her upgraded ass hole. Have you ever heard the expression "Using a sledge hammer to crack a walnut?" I think the new nerve endings were still a little over sensitive and caused her to scream and promptly pass out.

I lying beside her, watching her slowly breath in and out and all her body has totally relaxed. I start to caress her face and kiss her improved glossy pink lips. She looks radiant and I think I'm the luckiest guy on the planet, strike that, universe, at that moment.

My beautiful Lexi starts to stir and starts to kiss me back. I feel her tongue enter my mouth and we exchange our love for each other.

"WOW!" she says "That was mind blowing. When you put your finger in my back side, it was like a flash bang going off. Everything just went white and I remember floating on cloud 9 at that point."

"I'm glad you liked it."

"Liked it? Liked it? It was fantastic."

"Now...." she says "It's your turn. I need you to bless our children" with a wicked glint in her eye.

Lexi rolls me over and straddles my hips. I feel that she still has her heels and stockings on and they brush up against my legs. She reaches down and grabs my hard member and guides it into her waiting love hole. She leans back and lets out a moan and a sigh. "That's much better, I need you in me." she says with a dreamy look about her.

We slowly start to rock and make love to each other slowly and passionately to each other for the first time as a married couple in OUR bed.

After a while of pleasing each other, Lexi leans down to me and claim my mouth with hers. With the suddenness of her passionate kiss, I can no longer hold out and start to feel my cock begin to expand in the first signs of my release. She rears back and looks at me with fire in here eyes and proclaims "Give me your cum now, I want I deep inside me" and she starts to shudder. My brain can no longer function properly and I start to come into her and passionately say "I love you Lexi. My beautiful wife and soul mate."

She collapses onto me and we bask in the afterglow of each others pleasure.

"Wow..... I can see a wonderful future for us." Lexi stated and I responded by kissing her deeply.

Eventually we got out of bed and Lexi had her shower in her plastic shower heels. I joined her and we erotically washed each other off.

"What would you like for breakfast beautiful?"

"Ohhh... Surprise me" she said with a quick kiss.

I managed to peel myself out of the shower with the spectacular view, shaved and then dried.

Pulled on some jeans and a polo shirt back in the bedroom and went down into the kitchen.

OK. I know Eggs Benedict was an easy and tasty favourite of mine. As I already had the sauce to hand the rest was easy. As I just finished up making our breakfast I heard from the top of the stairs "That smells heavenly" followed by the light click of heels on flooring. What descended the stairs was a thing of feminine beauty. She got to the bottom of the stairs just starting to tie the bow on the side of her dress that held it together. My new wife stood there in 5in heels with sheer stockings on and I had seen the corset and suspender belt on she had on underneath it all.

Smoothing down her skirt, she looked up and said "Like what you see?" doing a graceful and radiant slow turn for me. Then glided effortlessly towards me and put her arms around me.

"Our little experiment it working out great. This is my natural look now. All I've done is dry my hair, it styled itself after a light brushing. The permanent make-up saves so much time to. You have healed my heart and made me feel beautiful and wanted again." She leaned into my chest and started to cry. "I never thought I'd be happy again and you only want to return my love for you. Thank you, my loving and wonderful husband".

We held each other and her I kissed away her tears. "Lexi. I'm here for you, just as you are here for me. I promise to love and support you and be the best man I can be for you. Please use me as you anchor and rock. I will always love you."

"I have made you Eggs Benedict, I hope you like it". Giving her a smooch of her delicious lips.

She smiles weakly and nods gently to me. I get her seated and bring her, her breakfast and a fresh hot coffee.

"This is really good!" she says taking a bite. "Are you sure your not a chef too?"

"No.... I'm afraid not. But I do know my way around the kitchen".

We eat in a happy silence and smile at each other and exchange glances over the kitchen island. We finish eating and I fetch us another coffee each.

"That was delicious.... I'll have to watch what I eat if that's any indication of the standard of cooking you can do."

"I wouldn't worry too much about that either".

"Why?"

"Well part of the basic package in the nano was a health upgrade. Including a fat regulation system, to help keep your weight constant."

"So you are saying...... I can't put on weight any more?"

"Yes, you can but it'll be really, really slowly. Your weight will always be around what you are now."

"This nano..... Is the gift that keeps on giving."

"I'm working on a version for myself and hope to have the first one sometime next week or two".

She smiles and says "We have a few things to discuss. Like we need to inform our families and arrange a party to celebrate it -- think wedding reception style event. Then best of all, any thoughts on a honeymoon?"

"Yes you are right we kind of got this all out out sequence, Mrs Young. How about it's your Birthday in two months, we do a combined celebration and I'll have a chat with Mark my brother who owns 'Choks Away! Travel Agents'."

"Speaking of Mark. Chelsea was keen to meet him. As she's my BFF, is he single and just as kind and thoughtful as you? She could do with a nice guy for a change, not the usual bad boy who just wants to break her precious heart."

I thought for a moment. "If you ever repeat, to Mark, what I'm about to say I'll probably drop dead from embarrassment! He is a really great guy and solid brother. He always looks out for people he cares about, but doesn't suffer fools. He is still single as all the previous relationships have been gold diggers just looking to sponge off his 15 branch empire. He's well off but, I know he could do with a kind and loving woman."

Lexi seems to mull over what's been said and a wicked grin crosses her face.

"Looks like I'm going to play match maker. I just wish I could help Chelsea like you've helped me."

"What do you mean? She looked fine and bubbly to me."

"She hides it well. She had a cycling accident a few years back and she badly hurt her ankles. Did you see her look at my heels, I had on at wedding day with lust and wanting?"

"Yes, I just though it was a woman thing?"

"Chelsea is an inch shorter than me at 5 foot 3 inches. Before the accident she was like me, but her heels were higher than mine. Now she can only wear modest heels for a short time, before the pain becomes crippling."

"Oh that's terrible. But the NANO I gave you, was just produced for you. I'd have to manufacture more. However the FDA would put my ass in jail and throw away the key, if they found out. That's why I've got paperwork to fill out today."

I continued "I'm applying for a trial license and keeping quiet about your treatment and mine, when I've finished coding it".

"Do you really think you could help her?"

"Yes, given time and assuming I obtain the relevant license. But keep it on the down low until the paperwork has been approved, if, it gets approved. Also, she would have to provide written consent before she could receive any treatment."

"That's fair. I just wish I could help her is all."

"I know you do. You have a good heart and are a great friend."

The love of my life stands and smooths her dress, then melts into me "I going to see Chelsea today and I'd like to go dress shopping for the reception."

"That's a lovely idea. I hope you have fun." Followed by a toe curling kiss.

"I'm glad my make-up can't run because you would have me hot and bothered. With mascara everywhere." she said with a smile.

"What a sight that would be. Anyway, I've got paperwork to fill out, and, dishes to do. Pass my love to Chelsea."

"Will do!"

Later that morning.....

Outside a parasol covered area of the coffee shop that was Lexi's and Chelsea's favourite haunt. Chelsea was already sipping a Latte with extra whip in it.

"Hey Mrs Young...... huh.... I'll never get used to that!" said an exasperated Chelsea.

"Hey! Don't say that about the most wonderful and caring man in this universe!" Lexi said in mock horror.

"I'm just teasing." Chelsea smiled weakly and continued "I'm happy you have found someone who makes you happy. It's just a shame that my knight in shining armour is not out there for me." she said starting to look a little sad.

"Hey.... Stop that. I'm certain that your saviour is out there, you have so much love to give and you are a great person. Unfortunately you keep on being attracted to bad boys, they are no good for you. But, I may have a ray of sunshine for you....."

Chelsea looked up and hope was plastered on her face. "What do you mean?"

"Well. You know that Phil mentioned his brother Mark."

"Yes, don't tell me. A jerk and married."

"NO! I've spoken to Phil about Mark and he is a great guy by the sounds of it, and, he is single too. The only reason he is single is that his confidence has been shaken by all the gold diggers that come knocking. You know a Nightmares dressed as a Day Dream." continuing Lexi says "He is 5 foot 11 inches just like Phil and similarities don't stop there either. They seem like 2 peas in a pod, except Phil is 1 year older and got the scientist brain and Mark is a business man."

"Well... it was nice whilst it lasted...." Chelsea said wistfully.

"What are you on about?"

"I'm 5 foot 3 inches and because of that stupid accident, I can't wear heels. I'll look like a child next to that statue of a man. It's not fair I tell you." pouting.

Lexi remembered her promise of keeping quiet about the NANO, but offered "Cheer up. You never know what will happen in the future."

"Fat chance of my injury miraculously getting better. And by they way Mrs Sex-on-legs.... Are you rubbing my nose in it?" Chelsea said eyeing Lexi's heels. "They have got to be 5 inches at least and you aren't even rolling your ankles whilst sat here. Have you been practising?"

"As Phil loves me in my heels and encourages me to wear what I like, I've been pretty much in heels 24/7 and loving every minute of it" Lexi beamed. Then her face dropped "OH MY GOD! I'm so sorry Chelsea, it didn't occur to me that this rubbing it in your face. I am so sorry. It's just over the last few months with Phil I've worn nothing but heels and it's now my default footwear. Please forgive me?"

"OK." Chelsea puffed out her cheeks "I forgive you. But damn girl those are serious spikes you have on there. I'm not even sure that before my accident I could wear anything like them. The little ankle strap is sooo cute to. Now I'm Jealous! Poo!"

They chatted for an hour or so on various topics and Chelsea also noticed her make-up and thought it looked lovely on her.

The topic of conversation turned to Lexi's Birthday Party and Lexi said about combining her birthday party and the family wedding reception they had started to plan that morning.

"That's a wonderful idea. Do I need a new dress?" Chelsea enquired.

"That's part of the reason why I'm here. I'm hoping you'll be my maid of honour?"

"Always the bridesmaid, never the bride.... BUT YES! I'd love to!!"

"Then the stores await. Shall we my dear?"

The rest of the morning and part of the afternoon was spent in a marathon shopping run. Dresses were discussed and colours were chosen. It was decided that Lexi would be in a metallic silver wedding dress with matching "red bottomed" crystal heels from a well known maker.

"Hey Chelsea. How do I look?"

"If I was lesbian, you would be in trouble" with a playful grin on Chelsea's face.

The helpful assistant spoke up "Yes, it does suit that cut of material. If you hop up on this pedestal I can take some measurements to have it custom fitted."

Lexi, as graceful as a ballet dancer, stepped up onto the pedestal and tried to think of what she would also wear with this stunning dress.

Karen the assistant says "This looks spectacular on you and your friends dress make her look simply wonderful. You compliment each other nicely."

Lexi turned to Chelsea and appraised her long term friend. "Chelsea, Karen is absolutely right. That dress makes you look a million dollars. All I can think, is watch out Mark!".

They all laughed together and finished the relevant measurements.

After paying and thanking Karen for all her help the two friends left the store arm in arm and wondered back to their coffee shop.

"OK. OK. Spill it Lexi, how on this God's green earth are you doing that?" gesturing at her spectacular 5 inch heels.

"Chelsea, what do you mean?" trying to play coy.

"We've been out for 5 hours and traipsed roughly 8 miles. With only brief respites on the way. I was wearing heels long before you and I don't care what you claim. Your feet should be falling off by now." being said in a slightly exasperated way.

"I've been in heels for years and within the last 6 months pretty much 24/7, I do exercises to help with my passion." Lexi said, in partial truth. She then though I'll let you know the second I can, when there is no danger of my beloved husband going to jail. I love you Chelsea and I really do want to help you any way I can.

"OK." Chelsea said "I believe you, for the moment. But I think you are hiding something from me. Consider the matter dropped. But I still want those heels from myself!"

Amanda the Barista was coming over to their table with their lattes. "Hi Lexi, you look stunning today and those shoes are drop dead gorgeous. And, how's your day going Chelsea? I wish I had your clear skin."

"Hey Amanda. Thanks for noticing. Are those for us?" Lexi smiled.

Amanda put down the tray and served the drinks. "Lexi?" Amanda asked "Did you get married? I've just noticed the rock on your finger."

Lexi beamed a 1000 watt smile and proclaimed "Yes. To the most loving, wonderful, kind and caring man I've met. We healed each other and are very much in love." proceeding to say in a much quieter tone so only they could hear it "It also helps that his cock is huge and OH MY GOD he knows how to please a woman and his tongue has made me pass out from pleasure alone. He really is one in a million, my special gentleman and genuine nice guy."

"Wow!" said Amanda "You really light up when you talk about him. I'm really glad you are happy."

"Thank you, Amanda."

Amanda retrieved the tray and went back inside.

"You know...." Chelsea said "You really have changed, the doubt and insecurity from that previous ass hole inflicted on you seems to be diminishing. I really am happy that you are starting to heal and be the truly amazing woman that I know you are."

Lexi and Chelsea hugged each other with tears flowing down their eyes.

"Oh look at us! Crying like newborns" Chelsea mentioned.

"I know what you mean..."

"Errr, Lexi why isn't your mascara running. What industrial strength stuff are you using?"

"Oh. Sorry I though I told you. Phil paid for a course of permanent make up to be applied." stating a half truth.

"If you are ever finished with Phil, send him my way!" Chelsea said wiping her eyes.

"I'm sorry my dear, never going to happen!"

They started laughing so hard that Lexi knocked off one of the glass latte cups onto the floor. Newtonian physics took over and needless to say "Ooops!". Followed by smash and tinkle.

"Drat!" leaning down to pick up the broken pieces. "Owww! That glass is sharp!"

"Did my poor baby have a boo boo? Let nurse Chelsea see. There.... it's just a drop of blood. I'll kiss it better."

Amanda came over and looked at the mishap "Are you OK?"

Lexi replied "I'm fine, it's just a scratch. I'm sorry about your cup."

"Don't worry about it. Occupational hazard I'm afraid."

After a brief clean up, hugs were exchanged and they parted ways.

Lexi got home to her new home and smiled to herself that she could not believe how much life had improved and made a mental note to speak to Phil again and try to get Mark to meet Chelsea. She was sure that they would hit it off and hopefully come together.

She found Phil fast asleep on the sofa with paperwork and forms neatly filled in and scanned. His twin screen PC was on and she could see that he had sent the forms electronically.

"Well. What am I going to do about you?" Lexi said quietly. Then her fun and promiscuous side flashed across her mind. She grabbed a pillow off the sofa and laid it on the floor. She then undid Phils zipper and started to administer a dead raising blow job. She sucked and swirled her tongue around his glands and when he got to full length she took all of it into her throat. Lexi curled her other hand to rub her heating sex and slipped a finger into herself.
