 The sounds of the city's nightlife greeted Robert as he stepped from his apartment complex. He stopped, eyes wide and watching as an increasingly small part of him worried about how he looked. He frowned at himself, unsure of why he'd be worried yet the feeling didn't fade. A warm breeze caressed his soft, hairless cheek and he shivered in pleasure. Goosebumps rose from his arms and the young man hugged himself, hands rubbing against his arms. 

An older gentleman walked by and Robert watched him pass. Behind the man, two young women walked, laughing and talking about a movie they'd just watched together. A hot flash of jealous raced through his body. Suddenly, he felt his throat grow tight and his eyes watered. He turned and looked down at the ground, breathing through his nose to fight against the sudden urge to cry. 

That's dumb, Robert, he told himself. You're okay. Just breathe. The young man tried to pinpoint why he was so emotional but nothing made sense. His cheeks burned to the tips of his ears and the clothing store's cashier flashed into his mind. She smirked at him. He felt shame for himself but the fog hid the true source from him. 

Blinking away the start of tears, he turned and watched the women walk. Both wore high heels and their calf muscles stood out beneath short, loose skirts. Robert felt his cheeks burn hotter as he looked down at his running shoes. 

I should just go back home. I look stupid. Everybody will see me and laugh. Robert looked around as casually as he could, noting the styles of the people around him. His confidence sank at the number of well dressed women. Whether they wore skirts or pants, everything matched so well, from the color to the accessories. Hot tears welled up in Robert's eyes. No! I do look stupid! Nobody else is wearing tennis shoes with a skirt. Or a... a pink sweater with a black miniskirt. I look dumb! 

As the young man wiped away the tears from his eyes, new strands of hair pushed from his scalp, growing out alongside his shorter hair. The roots of his hair lightened from dark brown to golden amber. He reached up to tuck a loose strand of longer hair behind his ear. The gesture came naturally to him and he barely noticed. The tips of his hair brushed the back of his neck before stopping. 

Almost as if responding to his touch, the skin of his left ear shifted. The edges of both ears became slim and delicate as his ears reshaped themselves. 

Robert rubbed at his lower stomach. He felt twisted in knots and couldn't decide whether he felt nauseous or anxious. Slowly, with steady breathing, he began to calm. He wiped his smaller nose, careful of his lipstick. 

If I go home, he thought. Then what? I got dressed up to go out. Something deep in his subconscious raged at him. The tiny voice yelled and screamed for attention, begging and pleading him to go back home and hide and make phone calls and figure things out. Robert pushed it away. I don't want to sit at home and do nothing. Besides... 

A small ache bloomed behind Robert's balls and the young man groaned at the unfamiliar feeling. Hiding himself in a corner, he pushed the heel of his hand above his cock, rubbing against the sensation. Beneath his miniskirt, his cock stirred uselessly. As he rubbed himself, strands of his neatly trimmed pubic hair came free. At the same time, his testicles shriveled into tiny lumps, leaving his ball sack loose around them. 

The young man shivered again as a flash of heat coursed through his body. Patches of his skin turned incredibly sensitive before fading away. The ache lessened slightly and the young man found himself panting, his small bosom heaving. Robert groaned again as his nipples tightened beneath his soft sweater. He bit his lip with his eyes closed and nearly whined with a sudden need to be touched. His red lips swelled further into full, luscious curves. 

Thoughts of shame vanished. Robert breathed deeply and stood. His erect, pink nipples made small points in his sweater and proved distracting but he focused on his task. Pulling at the edge of his skirt and sweater, the young man turned and walked down the sidewalk. 

The air was warm and filled with the sounds and smells of a dense, lively downtown area. Cars were rare as people chose to walk or take the occasional bus. The energy of everyone around him revitalized Robert. 

Robert fell in behind a young couple and he studied them. He watched the woman walk in her heels and noticed the way it made her body move. As he had earlier, he found himself oddly jealous of her figure and posture. Another part of him wanted to run his fingers through her hair. Not as a lover might but to feel what her soft, red hair felt like. To compare it to his own. 

Hard earned muscles beneath his thighs faded as he walked, replaced with softer tissues. His thighs swelled slightly and he frowned as they rubbed together every so often. Beneath his skirt, his panties stretched tight against his hips as the bones beneath the skin pushed and moved. He felt no pain but a sudden hot, aching flash made him stumble and moan. Robert stopped to lean against a pole and he found himself oddly energized. No, he felt ecstatic. He wanted to laugh or giggle or... 

Hormonal shifts deep within his body accompanied the physical changes as his biology shifted. A fully functional uterus began to grow slowly inside of him as his hips opened wider to allow for the new changes. Robert moaned and gasped as his body adjusted and his miniskirt bulged a little more at the side and rear. 

Small dimples appeared in the man's cheeks as they grew fuller. His normally narrow face took on a classic heart shape. His previously masculine features were nearly gone now with only the shape of the rest of his body leaving doubts as to his identity to a casual glance. 

Robert straightened. The ache behind his cock had become slightly painful as his body hovered between male and female sexuality. He placed a thin, smooth hand against his stomach and then tossed his head. His long, light brown hair had thickened while he walked and he felt the reassuring weight of it on his shoulders. 

People flowed around Robert, casting confused or curious looks his way. The young man waited for a moment and then fell in behind a group of friends. 

Okay, I'm almost there. I just need to... need to... His eyes fell on a young man at the edge of the group in front of him. The man's jeans and pants were tight and he was well muscled with an arrogant step to his walk. Robert swallowed hard as he felt his chest and cheeks grow warm. The heat flowed down to his belly and his cock shifted against the tight miniskirt. He felt his stomach flutter and almost screamed. Small muscles tightened behind his cock. Despite his changes, both physical and mental, he knew something was profoundly different. 

Robert's growing vagina clenched in response to his desire. A new voice whispered to him. It's okay, the voice said. This is normal. This is natural. Relax. This is okay. 

A new sensation made Robert shift his eyes and blush. Around and over the small, hidden vagina, his blood began to pulse. The little vagina suddenly relaxed with a wet warmth. A small dot of precum leaked from the tip of his shrunken penis. 

I was, Robert paused, his eyes locked on the man ahead of him. I... there was... His thoughts became scattered as his body changed further. Strong new hormones clashed with modified brain chemistry and Robert could think of nothing but running his hands along the young man's strong arms and, more importantly, feeling the man touch him. 

The sudden urge to be touched and caressed was overwhelmingly strong. Although he was in public, Robert almost went to the man. Instead, he stopped. He felt dizzy and the butterflies in his stomach had grown more intense. Bones and muscles moved slowly deep within as his vagina lengthened. 

The young man's pubic bone reshaped to bulge out slightly. Fatty tissue grew over the bone until a small mound formed under his small cock. His testicles, shrunken now smaller than peas, dispersed completely as the soft, hairless skin of his ball sack was pulled tight against Robert's body. 

Robert looked up in a daze and wondered if he was going to throw up. His ears buzzed loudly and everything looked sideways. Cold sweat fought against the heat coursing through his body and he hyperventilated through all of it. 

"Ma'am," a nearby gray haired man said. "Are you all right?" 

Ma'am, Robert thought. Is he talking to me? Why's... why's he... he talking to me? Ma'am? Me? I... I'm not... a ma'am. 

"Should I call an ambulance?" the gentleman asked. 

A small alarm sounded in Robert's subconscious. No, no ambulance. No. The young man shook himself and looked up. The older man's eyes were full of concern behind his small, rounded glasses. Robert caught a glimpse of his face and his eyes widened. Is that... is that me? Is that what I look like? But, I'm... I'm not... I'm... 

Around the older man, a small crowd of people were gathering. 

"No," Robert gasped. A single cold drop of sweat rolled along her temple and fell to the ground. Slowly, the world began to become level. The loud ringing in his ears lessened and Robert swallowed several times. 

"No," Robert said, more strongly. "I'm fine, thank you." 

The older man frowned slightly at Robert's voice. Although higher, it was still deeper than a woman's voice. 

"Okay," the man said. "You sure?" 

"Yes," Robert answered, standing straight. "Yes, I'm fine. Thank you." He smiled brightly and the dimples in his cheeks stood out clearly. A nearby man, perhaps in his early thirties, whistled low in appreciation. 

"All right. Be careful, okay?" 

"Yes! Thank you!" Robert beamed. With a near flounce, the young man continued down the sidewalk. Three blocks away, he found his destination and, without hesitation, he stepped in. 

The inside of the bar was dim and a live band played on stage in a corner. The small tables were full of couples drinking, talking and flirting. Robert's eyes were wide as he stared around the room. He'd known of the place but had never been inside. A sudden, unexplained fear took hold of him. Something felt wrong but, again, he couldn't explain why. He couldn't put his finger on it but something deep within told him he shouldn't be here. He listened to himself, unknowingly seeking the voice that had raged and screamed earlier. He was met, however, with silence. 

His old self had known the bar as a place where transwomen and crossdressers frequented but the knowledge was lost to him now. 

Robert shrugged his shoulders and tucked a shoulder-length strand of honey hued hair behind his small ear. The young man swayed as he made his way around the room to the bar. He drew several stares from men and women alike and the glances made him glow with pride. Several times, he ran his slender hands down his generous hips to smooth his skirt. Still fighting the nervousness at the entrance, he found a group of empty stools at the bar and sat. 

After a moment, the bartender came around. He glanced at Robert and Robert felt himself blushing. He lowered his eyes to the bar, his long, thick lashes fluttering as he hid a shy smile. 

"Start you a tab?" the bartender asked, finally deciding he didn't need to card the gorgeous young woman. 

"Yes," Robert said, his eyes still locked onto the bar's counter. An old habit rose up and he continued. "I'll have a beer, please. The house stout." 

Robert looked up in the loud silence. The bartender seemed taken aback at Robert's quick, casual request. The young man thought back to what he'd just said and blushed deeper. With a quick glance down the bar he noticed that no other woman had a beer in front of them. Oh god, he thought. Why did I say that? 

"I mean, I'm sorry, I just don't know what I was thinking," Robert giggled nervously. "Can I see the drink menu, please?" 

Nodding as if the world had returned to its proper order, the bartender slid a tall menu over to Robert before walking away. Robert hid his embarrassment by staring down at the menu. God, that was so dumb. I'm so dumb. A beer? God, he probably thinks I'm stupid. 

Robert glanced up quickly to look at the bartender. He breathed a sigh of relief when he found the other man busy pouring drinks for someone else. Robert stared at the menu, skipping past the beer selection to find the mixed drinks. He found it strange that he realized he had no idea what any of them tasted like. How is that possible? He wondered. Oh, the mojito sounds nice. It's, let's see, $8.50 and that's- 

A sudden thought rose through the fog. Robert stared at his hands in dumb shock. At some point on his walk, he'd dropped his cellphone, keys and wallet. The flush of embarrassment was immediate. Oh my god. Oh my god, could this night get any worse? The young man pressed the heel of his hands to his stomach. His throat began to constrict as his eyes watered. It's just not fair, he thought. I just wanted to go out and have fun and meet someone and now... now... 

"Excuse me," a voice said next to Robert. "Is this seat taken?" 

Robert blinked away his tears and looked up at the newcomer. The man standing next to him was young, perhaps 27 and quite handsome. Robert immediately looked back down at the bar. Did he see me crying? What should I do? Oh my god, oh my god. He's handsome. 

A jolt of electricity shot down to Robert's lower stomach and he bit back a moan. The unfamiliar sensation turned into a spreading warmth as his hands tingled. Robert hid his hands in his lap as his pulse quickened. He glanced up briefly at the other man. Still there. He's still there. Oh no. What did he say earlier? Oh no, Robert. He asked you something. You dummy! 

"I'm," Robert said, his voice cracking. He covered himself with a cough and then continued. "I'm sorry?" 

"I asked if the seat was taken?" the man said. 

"Taken?" Robert asked, momentarily unsure of what he meant. Thinking through the fog was difficult at best. "Do you mean is someone sitting there? No! I mean, sorry, umm, no. Nobody is sitting there. You can sit there if you want. If that's okay with you." Robert stop! You're rambling! You're embarrassing yourself! 

The other man grinned and sat. He was well dressed in an open white dress shirt and slacks. His hair glistened in the track lighting above the bar. Robert found himself staring at the other man as the heat spread throughout his body. For the second time in his life, he felt himself grow wet and his eyes bulged in sudden fear that he'd had an accident. 

Robert crossed his smooth legs nervously. What is that? That feeling? God. It's so... Robert turned his head to the side, away from the man as he stifled a low moan. The ache had returned and, with it, a sense of emptiness. The new, slick wet muscles of his still hidden vagina begged to be filled. Robert felt it as a pulsing, hot wet emptiness that stole his breath away. 

"You're very good, you know," the man said. 

Robert looked up, confused as his heart raced. The very sound of the man's voice made his legs twist together. He found himself noting all the small things about the other man. His strong jaw and light stubble. His smell. Oh god, the smell of him. Robert thought. He leaned toward the other man slightly, his small, button nose flaring to take in the man's scent. Robert couldn't explain why it was such a powerful thing but the sudden scent of him made him tremble. 

"Oh?" Robert asked in a daze, not having processed what the man said at all. His entire focus was on how the man looked and smelled. His body craved touch. He felt his nipples grow hard beneath the soft sweater. His entire body felt sensitive. If I lean a little bit more, I'd be touching him, he thought. 

"Yeah," the other man said. He glanced down briefly at the tiny bulge in Robert's crotch and Robert found himself uncrossing his legs in response. Robert thrust his small chest forward and opened his legs further. He squirmed on the barstool against the wetness hidden inside his body. The other man continued. "I can't even really tell you're a man." 

The rudeness and arrogance of the man's remark completely passed him by. Robert reached his hand out to touch the other man's thigh. His fingernails lengthened as he did and they scratched against the smooth fabric of the other man's pants. 

"Mmm-hmmm," Robert said. The emptiness between his thighs ached badly. Robert could barely think beyond it. Beneath his skirt, his cock shrunk further, the head now the only part showing above his pronounced mound. Robert's smooth fingers brushed against the man's forearm hair, filling his hand and arm with spikes of electricity. Robert leaned forward and words fell out of his mouth of their own accord. His voice had finally settled into a deep, sexy smokiness. "I want you inside of me," Robert fairly moaned. 

The other man's smile faltered before returning even brighter than before. He pressed his knee against Robert's thigh. Robert shuddered. Beneath his sweater, his small, perky breasts swelled. The skin of his chest pulled tight as the sweater bulged to contain the curves of his new, larger breasts. Robert arched his back and his sweater lifted from his belly to show the taut, smooth skin leading down into his miniskirt. 

The other man watched the display and then, with a quick glance around the bar, ran his hands along Robert's side. Robert melted into the man's touch. He wanted the man's hands everywhere. He wanted his whole body pressed against him, touching him, digging his fingers into him. His body cried out for attention from his ears to his toes. He'd never been this sensitive his whole life and, now, he wanted every inch of his body to be caressed. 

Robert guided the man's hands up to his breasts and the young man obliged, squeezing and massaging Robert's soft, large breasts through the sweater. 

"Holy shit," the man said. "I can't believe how real these feel." At his touch, the breasts began to expand and the man's fingers dug into the soft skin. Robert's sweater tightened around his growing bosom, leaving his stomach bare to his belly button. Tiny white hairs ran in a line down from his belly button to his mound. 

Blood pulsed deep within Robert's body. He could feel his heartbeat under his cock. The heat was maddening but not nearly as bad as the urge to be filled. He'd never felt it before - the emptiness that lay deep within him now. Still hidden away. 

"Please," Robert groaned. The other man licked his lips and took his hands away. Robert's breasts filled out further and he felt their weight, heavy and full against his chest. It felt like his cheeks were on fire from the need burning within him. 

"Fuck," the other man said as he looked around. "They'd kick my ass out if we used the bathroom and my car is too small. There's... shit. The alley is pretty empty usually. You okay with that?" 

Robert moved and the other man's thigh slid between his legs. With a gasp, Robert, clenched his small hands into tight fists, long nails digging into the smooth palms of his hands. His chest heaved as he panted. 

"Yes. Whatever. Please," Robert gasped, his head hung low and his long, amber hair covering his heart-shaped face. He didn't 'even know what the man had said. 

When the man stood, Robert whined at the loss of touch. However, he soon felt the man's large, rough hand take his smaller hand. She was amazed at how strong he felt. Robert followed the other man without question as they left the bar and took a quick turn into a long, narrow alley. The smell of trash was strong and a dead overhead light left the alleyway in near complete darkness but Robert barely noticed. 
