 Warning

This is a futanari fantasy story. The futanari in this story consider themselves as female with a cock and pussy. The story also got females with only a pussy. If that is a subject you rather not read about I would advise you to look for another story to read. If you decide to stay I welcome you to my magical realm.

As this is the second chapter I would advise you to read the first chapter before this one.

*****

"Hello, Sleepyhead; time to wake up."

Lisa felt a hit on her head. She opened her eyes expecting to see her roommate from dorm but instead she saw her aunt and all the memories came back to her. She was lying naked on the bed in a small wooden house, build high up in a tree so big it would make the tallest of buildings she had ever seen look small. It had started with a boring visit to her aunt's over the summer, because her mother had been worried she would meet with inappropriate boys who did not live up to the family's standard; but her aunt had taken her to a new world and the greatest sexual adventure Lisa had ever had. She felt another hit to her head.

"I said wake up," she heard her aunt yell at her.

"I am awake," Lisa answered tiredly.

"No more time for dreaming, and that goes for daydreaming too," Eva continued with that kind of stern voice only an older woman can use.

Lisa tried to stretch out on the bed.

"I am not daydreaming, just trying to make sense of everything. Where is Melandir?" Lisa asked.

"She will come here soon. She expects you to be ready when she comes back or we will both be in trouble," Eva answered.

Lisa's thoughts wandered to what would happen if they got into trouble with Mel. She was a small woman but seemed very strong and athletic. Lisa was sure she would not stand a chance if she tried to take the elf woman on. If it came to that she could probably make Lisa do whatever she wanted: cover most of her body with girl-cock cum, make Lisa suck on that giant cock or stretch her pussy out more than would seem humanly possible... The only problem with that punishment is that she had already submitted to all those things willingly the night before. She reached her hand down between her legs and found that her thoughts had already made her pussy get wet.

"Where are my clothes?" Lisa asked her aunt.

"You can use the same dress that you put on last night. You did not get much use of it before you took it off," Eva laughed, "you should know best where you put it."

Lisa sat up in the bed and tried to look around for it. Last night, she had been busy thinking of other things than where her dress ended up. Still it couldn't be far away as the whole sex show had taken place close to the bed.

"I can't find it," she yelled as her aunt was no longer in the room. "By the way: should I not take a shower anyway?"

Her aunt came back in with some green leaves.

"It is under the bed," Eva answered, "and no you do not need to shower now. You will need one later anyway."

Lisa crawled off the bed and looked under it. Her aunt had been right, and the dress was far in underneath. She still thought she should take a shower, thinking that she had been covered in cum last night; and even if she had made sure to get most of it off herself, there must still be a lot of residue left. Despite that she did not really feel sticky, but rather that her skin was rejuvenated in some way.

"Well, well; what do we have here?" she heard her aunt say. She felt a hand on her butt, as it stuck out from under the bed. She tried to look back but there was too little space.

"I just can't resist this beautiful little ass of yours. You do not mind; do you, niece?" Lisa tried to back out instead of answering, but her aunt put two firm hands on her hands stopped her. She felt Eva lean down and start to kiss her cheeks, slowly circling towards the center. She tried to push back again but her aunt held her in place while holding her cheeks apart.

"Please, Aunt; Mel is coming back soon," Lisa tried to protest, but to no avail. She was trapped and Eva was about to take advantage.

"Mel will not mind," Eva said as she was giving the beautiful rosebud a kiss. "She knows how tempting a pretty butt can be and she will most likely be out for a little longer."

Lisa tried to wiggle her bum but it did not help her situation. She was helplessly stuck under the bed for her aunt to do whatever she wished. The worst part was that her pussy tingled even more now. She didn't know if it was the helpless submission, being licked in the naughtiest of places for the second time in her life or the smell of the special stew that had started to fill the air, but something was having a clear effect on her. She felt her aunt's tongue push against her anal ring and she tried to fight back one more time but her aunt had the upper hand and she surrendered to the pleasure. Eva was just too good at licking ass for Lisa to want it to end.

"What is going on in here?" Mel sang with her angelic voice. "Why are you two not ready yet. They are waiting for us."

"Sorry, I thought we had more time and her ass looked so good," Lisa felt her aunt stop and stand up leaving Lisa to grab the dress and try to find her way back out from under the bed.

"Did you at least tell her?" 

Lisa made it out just in time to see her aunt shake her head at Mel's question, seemingly embarrassed that she had been caught with her face in her niece's ass while she should have been doing other things. 

"I guess you two have not eaten anything either. I guess we will need to eat a bit while we go over the basics you need to know Lisa."

Mel helped Lisa up and to put on the dress. Eva brought the stew to the table, together with bowls and spoons. Lisa found the smell intoxicating. The base of the stew was clearly the same, even if the content was a bit different, with more green in it now. She wondered if that was why Mel and Eva had been out of bed before her: to milk cum out of Mel's big cock to make breakfast. Yesterday morning, the whole idea of cum stew would have been disgusting, but it was the best thing she had ever had, and she was now longing for more.

"Do you remember yesterday when we went to the Elders and talked about the blessing of the tree?" Mel asked as the stew was being served into the bowls. 

Lisa wanted to rather eat than talk but she could also sense that this was important. "It was all a bit much to take in at the time; but yes, I remember," Lisa answered.

"They want to do it today; now even. It is very important that we do it as fast as possible. Let me tell you about it from the beginning," Mel said as Lisa was eagerly eating her breakfast. 

"Are you listening?" 

Lisa nodded at Mel with her mouth to full to answer. 

"You see this tree is thousands of years old and, for as long as we can remember, us elves have been living in it. Why it has been able to live for so long and grow so tall is because it is magical and it shares the magic with us elves. It takes care of us and we take care of it. Now it is peaceful but it was not always like that. At one point a big war raged and this tree was attacked because of it. During the war the tree got badly hurt and us elves almost went extinct. In the end we won, but the tree changed. It got careful of other races and that is when the Elders of the time designed a test."

"A test?" Lisa had stopped eating and was focused on the story. This seemed to be the most wonderful place in the world and she could not believe someone had tried to take down the tree.

"Eva says it is a bit unconventional but it is the only way we know how. If you do not do the test the tree will start to protest until you either leave or..." Mel had to take a moment to gather her thoughts. "If you want to stay here with us over the summer then you need to complete both parts of the test. If you do then you will be accepted as one of us just like Eva has been since she got the blessing of the tree."

Lisa wanted to stay more than anything. There was so much more to experience here and to leave now would be impossible. She saw how Mel and Eva were holding hands and she knew it was important to them too that she could stay. She understood now why Mel was so serious this morning.

"What are the two tests?" Lisa asked. She knew she would complete them no matter what, but it was better to know so she could be prepared.

"The first part is to be blessed by the Elders. They are a part of the tree, and that will help you be able to connect to the tree for the second part," Mel answered.

"Let me tell her," Eva butted in. "The Elders bless you in a special way. Do you remember yesterday, when Melandir covered you in her cum?" 

Lisa nodded. 

"That is what you will need to do with the Elders too. You need to get naked on your knees in front of them and they will shoot their cum all over you," Eva said smiling.

Lisa felt her face turn red. Mel had shot so much cum on her the night before and Lisa had loved it. Still that was in the heat of the moment and she was not sure the idea of having others do that to her, still she knew she would do it in order to get to stay.

"How will that help with the second test?" Lisa asked.

"It is vital for the second test," Mel took over the explaining again. "In the second stage you will go to the heart of the tree and, with the Elders cum on you, the tree will be able to connect to you and show you a vision. The vision will help tell the tree if you are a good person, and can be trusted, or if you will hurt it. The vision should also help you by showing you how your life can be if you stay here."

Lisa was sitting silent. It sounded kind of silly to get covered in cum and then have a vision by a tree.

"So are you up for it? If you are, then we need to get going because the Elders are waiting for you."

"I am up for it. I want to stay here the whole summer, if possible," Lisa answered without any doubt in her heart.

"Then we need to get going. The Elders say the tree has been restless ever since you got here."

Mel more or less dragged them out of the house. Lisa was mesmerized by the elven town, so high up in the tree; but she did not have much time to take things in, as Mel made them run the same way as they had taken yesterday to the big hall. It was filled to the brim with people, but they had made a clear path up to the Elders. Lisa wondered if all of them would watch. She felt like everyone was looking at her, knowing she was on her way to get showered in delicious, elvish, girl-cock cum.

The three of them stopped below the Elders seats and Lisa looked up on them. They were all older than her aunt and Mel but, still, there was something youthful about them. Maybe that was a part of the magic Mel said they shared with the tree.

"Yesterday, you were early; and, today, you are late," the middle Elder said, standing up.

"We had to fill her in with our customs. They do things differently where she is from," Mel explained to the Elders. "Eva was supposed to fill her in but she got occupied doing something else."

"You are here now and, in the end, that is all that matters," the Elder to the right said, as she started to traverse the stairs separating the thrones from Lisa, Eva and Mel. The other two Elders started to move down as well. "If you are ready, then the newcomer can undress and assume the position while you two leave. This is a private thing between the Elders and the new girl."

Lisa took off her dress and gave it to her aunt before they moved away, leaving Lisa naked and alone as the three Elders stopped in front of her. She looked behind and saw hundreds of eyes looking at her. She thought it was silly they would say it was something private when they had so many people looking on. She looked on the Elders again and she felt their strong presence, and she sank to her knees almost by default. This cued the three older women to remove their own clothes, and Lisa couldn't stop her eyes from moving over all of them, admiring their strong bodies. Even if clearly older, they still had something youthful to them that made their skin smooth and glistening, and Lisa wouldn't have been surprised if they still could keep up with Mel running in the forest.

Despite the fact that Lisa liked to look at their sexy bodies it was what hang between their legs that made her mouth water. They were all rock hard and they had the same strap as Melandir had, holding their cocks to their legs. All three released their cocks, forcing them to spring up into the air, pointing at Lisa. The two women on the edges seemed to be about the same size as Mel but the middle woman that was clearly the leader was at least one big cockhead longer.

Lisa had thought this would be an awkward experience; but now, sitting on her knees with the three big cocks pointing towards her, she felt her body tingle with excitement. The three girl-cocks looked so inviting and she knew they would all give her so much lovely cum. She tried to sit still, not giving her excitement away but, as the three woman all grabbed their cocks and started to stroke them, Lisa felt her body bubble over with horniness, and as a big glob of pre-cum formed on the middle woman's large cockhead, Lisa instinctively bent forward with her tongue out to lick it up.

"I am sorry; I didn't mean to do that," Lisa excused herself.

"We do not mind if you want to help us, just as long as you get as much cum on your body when we orgasm," one of the Elders said; but Lisa did not notice who and, as soon as she got the go ahead, she reached both hands up to grab the cocks on her right and left side while her mouth started to lick on the big head in the middle. She felt like the luckiest girl in the world, having three beautiful women with amazingly big cocks to take care of. Her hands were far from being able to reach around the two powerful shafts but she did her best to work the cocks, as her mouth was busy kissing and gently sucking on the cock pushed into her face. 

Lisa thought back to yesterday, when she had seen her aunt sucking cock thinking she was a cum-slut; but now it was her on her knees working on three cocks to shoot their cum. Had she always been this naughty? It might not matter, since she was this way now. This was no longer about passing the test to get the blessing of the tree; she wanted these three women to give her a lovely cum-shower from their powerful cocks. She took the middle cock into her mouth, sucking eagerly on it as her hands started to pump faster on the two other cocks.

Lisa was in sexual ecstasy, working the three women's large cocks. Just as she was in the middle of trying to take the cock in her mouth as deeply as she could, she felt a warm liquid hit her on the right cheek. She tried to move away from the cock but a firm hand held her in place as more cum hit her with powerful shots on the right side of her body, covering her shoulder and breast and neck. No sooner had that stopped before she felt the same thing on the left side, getting covered with lovely warm cum. She felt so submissive, getting showered by two women's cocks while a third one controlled her by keeping a hard girl-cock deep in her mouth. When the second women had stopped cumming, the middle Elder let go of her head, making Lisa pull off the cock and gasp for air.

"You have now received the blessing of the Elders," the middle Elder said as she started to shoot her cum over Lisa, making sure to cover the entire front of Lisa's upper body that was not already filled with cum and then shooting some extra shots on Lisa's face.

"Now be careful so you don't lose any of that precious cum, and we will take you to the heart of the tree," one of the Elders said, but Lisa was blinded by cum and didn't know which one. Her hands were about to go up to her face to try and clear her eyes but instead she felt two of the women grab her arms and help her up, and they started to guide her towards where she needed to go.

"Just put your hands up forward and take a few steps. Keep your hands on the heart until the test ends. We will be waiting outside." Again Lisa could not tell which one of the Elders had said it; they all sounded like angels speaking. Instead she tried to tell what was in front of her. It felt like a big knot in the tree but she still had a hard time seeing. She heard the Elders leave and she took the steps up to the knot and put her hands on it.

For a split second, she felt a whirl of emotions running through her. She was not sure if she was falling or flying but before she could decide she found herself standing on a big field with forest on every side. She started to walk slowly towards the center, hoping she would be able to see something that could help her orientate but there seemed to be nothing. She clenched her fist and felt there was something in her hand. She looked at it and found it was a nut the size of her fist.

"Plant me, plaaant meeee," a deep voice called seemingly coming from nowhere but still heard clearly. 

She found she had some sort of digging tool in her other hand. She bent down and started to dig a hole until it was deep enough for the nut, then she put the nut in the hole and covered it up. She tried to stand up and got another weird feeling of either floating or sinking.

She was standing up looking out over a big crowd. She was unsure why she would do that but when she looked around she saw people dressed in robes and she looked down to see she had the same robe herself. She was standing in a line leading up to someone handing out diplomas. Was this her graduation ceremony? She looked out into the audience again and saw her family sitting there. Aunt Eva was not there. She was not around much but she always showed up for the important things. Why was she not there? She closed her eyes for a second and she felt like she was twirling both to the left and to the right at the same time.

The rain was falling down hard as she was running. In front of her was an elven woman and Lisa felt that she was following her. She tried to look around her without falling behind and they were high up in the tree house, out on a branch with no cover above them. The elven woman stopped at a house and Lisa followed her inside. It was a small hut, very similar to the one Mel was using, and she saw all the three Elders in there together with two other elves. One of them was lying on the bed and as Lisa walked closer she saw there was a baby elf rolled up in a blanket in her arms.

"Thank you Lisa," the woman on the bed said.

"It is a miracle," the woman she recognized as the oldest Elder added.

"We want to name her after you Lisa, to show our appreciation: Lisanrir. Would you approve?" the other unknown woman by the bed said.

"Yes," Lisa felt her mouth speak on its own. Her mind started to fade away and, no matter how much she tried to fight it, it would not stop. She had to ask them why they had thanked her. She had not done anything. 

Next thing she knew, she was standing in the heart room in the giant tree again, covered in cum. What had just happened? It had all felt so real. She had been there. She tried to touch the knot again to see if it would show her anything else but nothing happened and she started to swipe some of the cum in her eyes away. For a moment she thought about tossing it to the floor but then she had second thought and moved it to her mouth. It tasted fantastic. She loved the taste of cum. Big cocked girl elves with horns on their head cum at least. She licked her hands clean but managed to resist eating more of it. Good thing she had the cum-stew breakfast before. Lisa walked out of the room and into the main hall. Eva, Mel and the three Elders stood waiting on her. 

"You passed!" Eva said enthusiastically, running up to Lisa giving her a close hug - clearly not caring that her niece was more cum than girl right now. 
