 CHAPTER III

A COCK-ASS RACE

ACE LI swam slowly through the pool of cum, and climbed stickily onto the bank. The others followed close behind. She sat there, catching her breath, covered from head to toe in gooey cum. She realised that she had lost the dildo in all the excitement. Also that her tits had resumed their normal small size. Looking down at her cum-drenched body she also realised that she had lost her knickers and that all the buttons of her blouse were missing. As the others dragged themselves ashore, Ace Li pulled her skirt down and did her best to cover her breasts with the sticky blouse. (And if you wish to know why Ace Li was swimming in a pool of cum and how big her tits had recently been, you will need to read the earlier chapters of her adventures.)

They were indeed a queer-looking party that sloshed onto the bank. Ace Li knew her sister, Rona Li, of course, but we have only really met her bottom and her pussy. Rona Li wasn't quite as pretty as Ace Li, but she was, perhaps, a bit sexier. She was two years older than Ace Li, and her tits were bigger. Now, of course, she was covered in cum and her blouse clung to her skin and her black bra. She crawled over and collapsed next to her sister.

Chicchai Washi was the next to pull herself out. She wore black stockings and suspenders, a pair of little black panties and a bra, all cummy. She giggled and plopped down next to the other girls.

Finally the three men climbed from the pool of cum, all of them dripping with goo. It was Sono Nezumi who took charge. He was a young man and quite handsome. Although Ace Li guessed he was only a bit older than her, his dark hair was flecked with silver (and cum, of course), which made him look important (except for the cum). "The first thing is to get dry," he said. "And the best way to do that is for you girls to lick the cum off!"

It seemed like a good idea. Chicchai Washi giggled and took Rona Li's face in her hands. Sticking out her tongue, she licked Rona Li's cheek. She looked at the clean patch she had created and swallowed. They were both sticky with cum, and Rona Li joined in, the two girls licking each other's faces and laughing.

Ace Li crawled over to where Sono Nezumi stood. "This is something of a problem," she thought. He was covered head to toe in cum, from his grey-flecked hair to his shoes. Leaning down she licked experimentally at one shoe. The leather was shiny and clean in the track left by her tongue. So Ace Li went to work on her hands and knees, licking his shoes clean, and drinking down all the cum.

Deddo Tori and Shukke Gachou were both men in their forties. Deddo Tori was a stout man with a big nose. Shukke Gachou was taller and thinner with white hair. Although they both felt themselves very important, Shukke Gachou thought he ought to at least try to help. Taking Deddo Tori by surprise, Shukke Gachou leant over and licked his cheek. "Ugh no!" protested the shorter man, pushing him away.

Rona Li and Chicchai Washi were faring much better. Having licked each other's faces clean, they moved on to cleaning other parts. Rona Li had climbed on top of Chicchai Washi in a 69 position. Rona Li wasn't wearing knickers and the girl buried her face between her thighs. There was a lot of cum there, and Chicchai Washi licked and slurped in all the nooks and crannies. Pushing her tongue in Rona Li's pussy she released a flood of cum that washed down her throat and over her face.

Chicchai Washi was wearing a skimpy pair of black knickers. Having licked the girl's thighs clean, Rona Li pulled her knickers down to reveal a pretty pussy and a bush neatly trimmed in the shape of a heart. Although there wasn't really much cum down there, Rona Li was enjoying her work, and plunged her tongue busily into Chicchai Washi's cunt.

While the girls moaned and giggled, Ace Li had moved up to Sono Nezumi's crotch. She licked and sucked at the material of his trousers, but didn't seem to be making much progress. So undoing his belt and unzipping his fly, she tugged his trousers and pants round his knees. His uncircumcised prick bounced in front of her face, framed by pubic hair flecked with grey. Ace Li would have to admit that there wasn't much cum there either (not yet, anyway), but that didn't stop her taking his limp cock in her mouth. Holding on to his bare ass, her nose pressed against his tickly pubic hair. Inside her mouth his prick quickly stiffened. It stuck out straight like a smooth pole and, kneeling in front of him, Ace Li began to suck his hard cock.

Deddo Tori surveyed the activity around him. Rona Li and Chicchai Washi were locked together with their tongues buried in each other's pussies. Sono Nezumi's trousers were around his knees and Ace Li knelt before him, eagerly sucking his erection. "No! No!" he exclaimed. "This simply isn't working!"

The girls paused in their cleaning of each other's cunts and looked over. Ace Li stopped with her mouth around Sono Nezumi's cock and turned her eyes to look at the slightly overweight man. Sono Nezumi looked down at Ace Li. "How are you getting on?" he asked.

Ace Li politely removed his prick from her mouth before answering. "As wet as ever," she confessed.

"Precisely!" cried Deddo Tori. "No, what is required is a more energetic remedy! What is required is a cock-ass race!"

"What is a cock-ass race?" asked Ace Li.

"Why," said Deddo Tori. "The best way to explain it is to do it!"

The girls were lined up on their hands and knees, their bare bottoms in the air. Looking down at that line of lovely asses, the three men, their trousers around their ankles, had quickly become hard. Deddo Tori stood behind Ace Li, stroking his fat cock. Next came Shukke Gachou behind Rona Li, his long, thin cock in his hand. And finally Sono Nezumi stood stroking his pole behind Chicchai Washi's upturned bottom.

There was no "One, two three, go!", but suddenly the cock-ass race began. Deddo Tori squatted town on Ace Li and pressed his thick cock against her asshole. "Oh!" cried Ace Li in surprise. Her tight asshole refused to open to so large an intruder, but it was a race, after all, and Deddo Tori pushed against her undaunted. Next to them, Shukke Gachou's prick, being thinner, pressed against Rona Li's resistance, and slipped into her surprised ass. Chicchai Washi's ass too slowly opened to accept Sono Nezumi's prick, already made wet by Ace Li's mouth.

Deddo Tori prodded at the tight ring of Ace Li's ass. Little by little she opened to his fat cock. Then finally, with a great push, the head of his cock disappeared in her bottom. Ace Li felt all the air whoosh out of her. Now he was inside, Deddo Tori began to feed more of his cock into Ace Li's ass. Her ass gripped his cock tightly as he pushed deeper into her until, when she thought she would explode, he was all the way in. As he began to fuck her, she gradually relaxed her grip on his prick, and he slid smoothly in and out of her ass.

Next to her, Rona Li and Chicchai Washi were moaning in pleasure as the men thrust their cocks in an out of their asses. The three men held on to the girls' bottoms and fucked them at an ever increasing pace. It was Shukke Gachou (or maybe it was Sono Nezumi) who first cried out and pumped his girl's ass full of cum. Or maybe it was Deddo Tori first, whose prick became even larger than before in Ace Li's ass. She felt his pace quicken and screamed with every thrust. Then when she thought he was going to fuck her in half, he cried out and she felt his cum shoot from his cock and fill her bowels. Wave after wave poured into her, filling her ass and, she was sure, her tummy.

Sweating and panting, the three men pulled out and stepped back. The girls knelt there in a line, gasping for breath. As their battered assholes began to contract, a tear of cum appeared at each one. Slowly more cum ran from them, until a stream of cum was running from their assholes and down their pussies and thighs. Chicchai Washi reached back and ran her fingers through her slippery pussy and the cum pooling at her asshole. It was all Ace Li and Rona Li could do to lie there and catch their breath.

"But," asked Shukke Gachou. "Who has won?"

"Well," said Deddo Tori, admiring the three young bottoms and the cum running from their asses. "Everybody has won! And all must have prizes!"

"But who will give the prizes?"

"Why, she will, of course!" declared Deddo Tori, indicating Ace Li.

Ace Li and the other girls slowly turned around to face the men. Ace Li climbed unsteadily to her feet. Her skirt fell down to cover her sopping bottom and she reached in her pocket. She was relieved to find a small box and pulling it out discovered a packet of condoms. There were five left, and she solemnly awarded one condom to each of the contestants.

Delighted with their prizes, Deddo Tori, Shukke Gachou, Sono Nezumi, Chicchai Washi and Rona Li straightened their clothing and all ran off in different directions without even a thank you. "How rude!" said Ace Li to herself. She was just wondering what to do with herself, when she heart footsteps running towards her.

CHAPTER IV

SHIRO USAGI AND BIRU TOKAGE TAKE THEIR FILL

ACE LI looked up expectantly to see who was returning. But it was none of the others. It was Shiro Usagi, the man with the pink eyes. He was extremely agitated. "I've lost it! Redi Obasan will have me executed! Where can it be?" Ace Li guessed immediately that Shiro Usagi was looking for the dildo that had fallen from his pocket when he last ran off. But she didn't know who Redi Obasan was, or why she should be so upset at the loss of a dildo. Shiro Usagi was in such a flap, running in circles, that it took him a minute to notice Ace Li.

"Ah!" he cried. "There you are! Run home this minute and fetch me my dildo!" Ace Li didn't fancy explaining that she'd lost his dildo when the cum had flooded everything, so she immediately turned and ran off in the direction Shiro Usagi had pointed.

After a while she came to a small house. On the door was a brass plate with the name, "S. USAGI" engraved upon it. Ace Li ran inside. It was a very small and tidy house, just one room with a front door and a back door and two small windows. There was an armchair, a bed, and a table and chair by the window. She ran to the table, hoping against hope to find the dildo. Instead she found a little glass bottle with a cork stopper. She picked it up and gently shook it. Inside, a milky white fluid swished around. 

"I've not been my usual size for a while now," thought Ace Li. "Not since I put the dildo in my pussy and switched it on. Maybe if I drink this, I'll grow to my proper size."

And she uncorked the small bottle and tipped the familiar white liquid into her mouth. Ace Li immediately felt a strange sensation in her body that she knew quite well. The bottle fell with a clatter from her fingers as she began to grow. Too late, Ace Li realised the danger. She ran for the door, but it was already too small. Ace Li grew and grew. When her head bumped against the ceiling, she dropped down onto her knees. And still she grew. The tiny furniture was barged out of the way as Ace Li grew to fill the room. Her knees were tucked up under her and her arms pinned to her sides. Her back pressed against the ceiling and she had nowhere left to grow to when at the last moment she stopped. Ace Li was perfectly trapped within Shiro Usagi's house, unable to move a muscle.

"This is a fine mess," thought Ace Li. "I'm completely trapped!"

She knelt there curled up in the house for a long time until eventually she heard footsteps approaching. The front door opened and Shiro Usagi nearly jumped out of his skin to find Ace Li's face filling the entire door. "What are you doing?" he yelled. "What have you done?"

Ace Li felt tears well up in her eyes to be spoken to so angrily, especially in front of a stranger. Stood with Shiro Usagi was another man of a similar age. His mouth was open in surprise, and his eyes kept looking in different directions, so that Ace Li couldn't tell which one to focus on.

"Biru Tokage," said Shiro Usagi to the man (who turned one eye to look at him). "This will have to be paid for in full!" And the two disappeared round the side of the house, leaving Ace Li peering sadly through the door.

She heard the windows opening, and next thing she knew small hands were running all over her tits. Her blouse (which, of course, had no buttons) hung open, and from each side a pair of hands groped her tits. Ace Li giggled. "If this is the payment, I don't mind at all," she thought. The next thing she knew though was that each pair of little hands had grabbed hold of a nipple. She suddenly felt her nipples tugged downwards and cried out in pain and surprise. Shiro Usagi on one side, and Biru Tokage on the other had hold of a nipple each, and they proceeded to tug and maul them.

Ace Li thought her poor abused nipples could take no more when she felt little teeth on them. The two men had leaned through the windows and now began biting her painfully. She cried out in pain and tried in vain to wriggle free as they bit all over her nipples and breasts.

Finally the torture stopped and Ace Li thought, with tears in her eyes, that she had indeed paid in full. Biru Tokage came round the front of the house, but as he walked towards the door he got bigger and bigger, until he towered over her and Ace Li couldn't see his funny eyes anymore. Kneeling down, all she could see was the front of his trousers. He unzipped them, and took out his long, hard dick.

At the same time, she felt a breeze on her ass as the back door opened. Trapped as she was in Shiro Usagi's tiny house, Ace Li realised that her ass and mouth were very vulnerable, and that her ordeal was far from over.

Biru Tokage shoved his prick in her face, but Ace Li stubbornly kept her mouth closed. His prick pressed against her lips, but she wouldn't budge. Then he had an idea and leaned down and pinched her nose. Ace Li held her breath as long as she could, but eventually she had to breathe. When she did, Biru Tokage shoved his prick in her mouth. While this was happening she felt a finger shoved in her ass. The finger was removed (and maybe sniffed) and she heard Shiro Usagi say, "The dirty girl has been ass fucking!"

The next thing she felt was Shiro Usagi's prick shoved roughly into her cunt. She gasped around the cock that was already in her mouth. The two men began to fuck her roughly, Shiro Usagi her pussy, Biru Tokage her face. To compound her discomfort she felt Shiro Usagi push his finger back in her ass. It was followed by a second and a third. Her ass was stretched wide around his three fingers, and he tried to push a forth in as he continued to thrust into her pussy.

Biru Tokage was no gentler with her mouth. He fucked her face hard, shoving his long dick down her throat. Ace Li gagged at the intrusion, but had nowhere to turn. As he continued to fuck her mouth she felt his pre-cum sliding straight down her throat. Occasionally he would pull out and Ace Li would gasp for air as thick trails of cum drooled from her lips. Then he would shove his cock back in her mouth and continue his face-fucking.

Ace Li lost track of time. She had swallowed pints of cum and her mouth was battered and sticky. Behind her Shiro Usagi had succeeded in forcing four fingers in her ass. She felt she would rip, and he continued to pound her pussy. But eventually she felt the two cocks swell. The two men cried out and came together. She felt Shiro Usagi's cum fill her cunt and begin to run down her thighs. At the same moment Biru Tokage came in her mouth. Most of his cum shot straight down her throat, but he kept coming, and her mouth quickly filled. Ace Li swallowed what she could, but cum spilled from her mouth, running over her lips and down her chin.

At last the cock was pulled from her mouth. She felt Shiro Usagi's prick slip from her cunt and cum washed over her legs. He pulled his fingers from her ass, and she felt it spasm and close to fill the void. And then she felt that strange sensation in her body. Ace Li began to shrink. She shrank until she was the size she had been before. She lay on the floor of the room, a pool of cum spreading from her pussy, and another where her face lay.

After some minutes she found the strength to get up. She ran out the house to confront her abusers, but they were nowhere to be seen. She ran off into the woods hoping to catch them. She ran for a long time and eventually came to a stop next to an enormous mushroom as big as herself. She looked under and around the mushroom. Eventually she thought to look on top of the mushroom. And there sat a man in a colourful kimono smoking a long hookah, reminding himself to vote on Literotica, and not paying her the least attention.