 ** An Excerpt from SOUP Wars ***

Kerin lay awake in his room, staring at the ceiling and listening to Maia breathing beside him. She turned in her sleep, reaching out as if seeking something, and when her hands found him, she snuggled close, laying her head on his chest and becoming quiet again. Their experience at the river had been repeated many times during the evening, Maia always being the one who began. Kerin had never felt so drained and so very alive at the same time. Her appetite for this new pleasure seemed unending, and Kerin was amazed no less by this than by his own appetite. After the first time, his body responded to her presence, even the mere sight or thought of her with shocking speed, and without consulting his brain on the matter first. A fact that amused and delighted his waifish wife to no end. 

Is this what it is like to be married, he thought. To have a capacity for pleasure as endless as the sky, to desire nothing so much as the touch of your wife's skin, the sight of her face?

Is this what it is like to be in love?

Kerin thought briefly of consulting Kyern on the matter, and immediately dismissed it as an extremely stupid idea. 

Kerin had never imagined he would be married at his point in his life, certainly not to a changeling woman whom he had only known for a few days. But then, so much of his life had changed, and so drastically that nothing so mundane as marriage should suprise him now. He had fought against hellbeasts and seasoned warriors, evaded demons and angels, broken out of dungeons and met powerful wizards from the future. He was now a wizard to be reckoned with, and changeling himself besides, and had learned the truth of his family, his lineage and history. He had made powerful enemies and powerful friends, and lived through adventures that most men could not believe more than fantasy. When you looked at that, falling in love and getting married was the most normal thing that had happened to him in days. 

Kerin reached up through his hair and felt the pointed tips of his ears, recalling with a shiver the feel of Maia licking and nibbling on them earlier that evening. He looked down at the shock of black hair, and pointed ears that rested on his chest, and further down the pair of small feet that poked out from under the blankets. Maia, with her sweet voice and winning smile, her wholesome quick wit, her alluring brown eyes, her pretty breasts and round wiggling buttocks. Remembering these things brought him to arousal again without meaning to, and he brought one arm around her to hug her close. A few days ago, he would not have been able to imagine someone like her in his life. Now, he could not imagine his life without her.

The tightness of Kerin's arm around Maia stirred her to wakefulness. With sleepy eyes she looked up at him and smiled.

"I thought you were asleep." She said softly.

"No, just thinking."

Maia smiled wider, and snuggled closer to him as she felt his arousal.

"Really," she said teasingly, "about what?"

"Hey," Kerin exclaimed as he felt Maia's roaming hands, "I thought you were all done for the night."

"I am." Maia said, as she climbed on top of Kerin, and planted a soft kiss on his lips. "Just ignore me, okay?"

Kerin smiled and returned the kiss more forcefully, savoring the feel of Maia's skin against his. His hands found her breasts and her buttocks without urging, and soon she was moaning and sighing again. As she peppered his neck and chest with kisses, he buried his face in her hair, drinking in the now familiar smell of flowers and fairy dust that he never found tiresome. This, he thought as she began to move on top of him, is pure ecstasy, pure heaven. This can only be love.

Afterwards, she lay on top of him, breathing heavily and covered with a fine sheen of sweat. Kerin wanted nothing so much as to remain like that forever, to know nothing else from this moment on than the bliss of Maia's presence, but a sudden, unwelcome clearing of his thoughts brought his responsibilities to his mind. 

Mythos and the sacred item, the task he had been given and vowed to complete was still ahead of him, and with them, greater dangers than any they had faced yet. Could he bring the one he loved so much into such peril? Could he do anything else? Even if he pressed onto Maia the dangers they would face, he knew she would not abandon him. Indeed, with her greater grasp of Fairy magic, she would probably end up defending him.

"Maia?" Kerin began, intending to share his concerns with his beloved, only to find that she had fallen asleep again. She lay full on top of him, snoring softly, with his manhood still buried inside her. He smiled at the peace on her face. She slept the sleep of the placid and safe. It was a soothing balm to the turmoil of doubt and discord in his own soul, and he could not bring himself to disturb it. Lying back, he felt his own exhaustion overcome him. Drifting off to sleep, he was content to share in the peace she felt. There would be time enough to discuss the dangers ahead in the morning.