 Lisa sat at the table at her parents' house. She still wore the robes from the graduation ceremony. Her mother held a speech on how good her daughter was and how proud they were that she had graduated. Never mind that she had almost flunked out several times, and only a big donation had saved her after her summer with her aunt. 

She still remembered everything like it was yesterday, even if it had been a few years since she been to the tree - though not for a lack of trying. After the summer had ended and she had gone back to school, her aunt Eva had promised to stay in contact; Eva's elf life partner Mel had promised to make sure they did. Still, that day had been the last day she saw them. When she had gone back there a few weeks later, the house was empty and the room with the portal was just another room.

After that, she had not really felt like studying anymore. School was just another place that was not the tree she loved. Still she managed to push through. She remembered something she had said herself: 'If I finish school I will be allowed to return.' Could it be that the tree needed her to graduate and had closed the portal to make sure she would focus on school? That sounded silly - but, still, it was the only hope she had.

More problems had arisen when her mother had discovered that Eva was gone. She had not even seemed to care that her sister was missing, but had only started the process of getting the house sold. Luckily for Lisa, that was when she had almost gotten kicked out of school, and she had made a deal to get it as a summer home - as long as she managed to graduate. Now, she only had to survive today and she would be on her way.

The drive was difficult, as it was so long and she wanted to be there yesterday rather than tomorrow. Still, she made it there before night - even if the sun had already set. It was clear that not many had been here in 3 years, as the grass and other greens were out of control. Despite that, she felt a tingle in her tummy as she drove up to the house and walked up on the porch. This is where she had seen Mel for the first time, wearing a summer hat to cover her horns, and a long summer dress to cover the big girl cock that hung between her legs. 

She had not spent much time in this house. Most of her summer-long visit had been spent in the elf-world - but they had been back here to make phone calls, or just to spend a bit of time to themselves when the tree was too busy. The excitement she was feeling at being back started to change into something else: a bad feeling of abandonment. She looked up the stairs. It was clear no one had been here. Her aunt would have called if they had found the gate between the worlds to be opened. Still, it was quite far from the tree; it was possible the two worlds had been connected again and no one had found it. There was only one way to find out.

She stood outside the door, holding the handle for at least a minute. She hoped - even prayed - that everything would be as she wished it to be on the other side. That the connection was there and that she never had to leave the tree again. Finally, she closed her eyes and stepped inside. She stood there for a few seconds more, breathing heavily with her eyes closed, before she dared to open them. 

It was just a normal room. She walked inside, waving her hands in front of herself as if that would make the forest appear.

Tears rolled down her cheeks and she slumped down on the floor. Why was it not there? She had done everything the tree had wanted. There were other visions the tree had shown her. How could they come true if there was no way to cross over to the elven world?

In the midst of all her sobbing she felt something - a movement or maybe more of a shift - like the air had vibrated, like time itself had shifted and everything else around her with it. She looked up and saw a faint image of a branch - a lush pine bough full of needles and with a cone hanging at the end of it, looking like it was full of seeds. Lisa rubbed her eyes to make sure it was really there. It was shifting in strength and seemingly barely poking through from the other side.

Lisa quickly jumped up and ran over. She held her hand up cupping the cone to make sure it was not a mirage brought on by her own wishful thinking. When she felt the roughness of the cone in her hand she felt so much joy. Every knot and every crevice felt so real and she held it firmly so that it would not disappear. When it pulled from the branch, she could see it as clearly as the real world, but the branch was still barely visible. She panicked and grabbed onto it, not caring about the sharp needles pushing against her skin. She was so happy she closed her eyes again, just enjoying the prickling feeling of hugging a pine branch.

When she opened her eyes, she was no longer in the room on the second floor in her aunt's house; she was in the forest. She let go of the pine and looked around to try and find the path. Where was it? It should have been right there but she could not see it. It didn't matter. She knew the way and she just started to run. Over moss and stone, as fast as her feet could carry her. When she reached the clearing, she looked up to see the giant tree in the sky. 

It was not there.

This couldn't be! It had to be there. She ran up to the middle of the clearing where the tree should have stood, but it was empty too. Was this the correct clearing? A lot looked the same, but everything was also different. First of all, the tree was not there. The path that went from her aunt's house was not there. All of the other paths were gone too. How could it be both the correct clearing and the wrong one at the same time? Maybe it would be different during the day. It was dark and cold now. All of the emotions must have made her head get messed up. Tomorrow everything would be clear again.

She tried to think of what she would need to survive the night. Shelter, fire and food - that is what she would need. Starting a fire didn't seem possible; she knew nothing about starting a fire. There were probably a lot of places she could seek shelter in the forest, but it was getting darker and darker, making the forest look scary. There were some oak trees a bit away. They looked fluffy, with all their leaves, and it seemed it would be a good shelter so she ran over and picked a good one. It had acorns on it and she grabbed one, hoping she would be able to eat it. She lay on her back, trying to get it open. The acorn was hard as a rock. Hitting it against her hand only made her hand hurt. A rock would help. Or two rocks so she could crush it between them. She sleepily looked around her but there were no rocks to be found. Instead she closed her eyes and hugged the acorn. It would keep her company during the night, and in the morning she would find a way to crack it open - maybe another acorn, as she really started to like this one.

She awoke from a faint noise. She looked around her to try and see something, but there was nothing. She rubbed her eyes and yawned. Her body ached from sleeping on the ground. The sun was trying to find its way into the clearing over the forest, but it was still dark under her oak tree. 

Another noise caught her attention. It was similar to the one that woke her up, only much louder. She looked towards the part of the forest from which the noise came, but it was just like a dark wall, as the sun was unable to put any light there. Could it have been an animal? She crawled towards it but made sure to stay under the protective covers of the oak tree. With her ears focused she could hear more sounds coming from the otherwise silent forest. It was like something big was running through the foliage, not caring what got in the way. She hoped it would be an elf - but she also knew they would move more silently. She decided to stay hidden, looking at where the sounds had been coming from.

Suddenly a woman came jumping out of the forest running into the clearing. Could that be the person that had been making all that noise? She looked much too small and agile for that. A few seconds later she got the answer - as another woman came bursting out of the forest, knocking all the branches and trees out of the way. She was big; much bigger than any person Lisa had ever seen before. Not only in length but she also had a strong muscle-covered body, barely covered by some small clothes.

Lisa looked on, trying to make herself as small as she possibly could, not wanting to be seen. It seemed clear that the big brute woman was chasing the smaller one. Only a few steps out of the forest was enough for the big woman to catch the smaller one by grabbing her shoulder and tossing her up in the air.

The smaller woman landed on her feet, now facing towards the bigger woman. She was now holding a small knife, but that didn't seem to bother the giant, who launched an attack, swinging her right arm. The smaller woman made a quick burst forward, grabbing her knife with both hands. She stuck it into the powerful arm, causing it to sink in deep and stopping the momentum of the blow. The big woman screamed in pain but still swung her other arm.

With the knife stuck in the bicep, there was no chance for the smaller one to get out of the way and she took a powerful blow to her side, making her fly away. The big woman laughed with a deep voice as she walked slowly towards her prey. Her wound in her arm didn't seem to bother her at all, while the smaller woman struggled to get up. The brute grabbed her with one hand and lifted her up in the air, holding her like a child would carry a doll. She said something that Lisa couldn't hear and then laughed again clearly thinking she had bested the other woman.

For a moment that seemed to be the case but, with her last strength, the smaller woman put her knife in the brute's neck. This caused her to again fling the smaller woman away, and they both hit the ground at the same time. Lisa was holding her mouth, to not make any sounds. She had never seen a fight before, and this was more than just a fight; it was a test of life and death. She stayed still for several minutes, looking at the other two women both lying motionless in the grass. They might need her help. She hugged her acorn with her hand for extra courage.

Lisa carefully moved out from under the oak tree and stood up. She looked around her to make sure there was no one else around and then sneaked towards the two women. The big one had a greyish skin, but other than her big muscles it was the two fangs from her bottom jaw that were her most prominent feature. They reminded Lisa of the tusks on a boar. She moved a little closer and saw a big pool of blood that had oozed out of her neck. She felt her stomach turn and had to turn away to not throw up. The brute must have be dead. There was no way she could survive a wound like that.

Instead Lisa turned to the other woman. She had brown skin and green hair and was wearing a brown and green dress. As she moved a little closer she could see that she was breathing evenly, if just barely. Had she really been hurt that badly? The big woman had not had any weapon. She hurried over to see if she could do anything to help her.

"Are you okay?" she asked in a whispering voice, still being scared that something else could still come out of the forest, or that the brute would wake up.

The smaller woman turned her head and smiled a smile that seemed to bring more pain than good. A moment later, she coughed and blood ran out of her mouth. Lisa hurried over to hold her. The blow to her side must have done a lot of damage to her insides. She moved her hand over to the side that had been hit and she got a painful whimper from the woman. Clearly that was a bad idea. She did not know what else to do.

"I am going to die," the woman stated in a weak voice. "May I have your acorn?" she continued.

Lisa didn't know what that would be good for. Did she want to use it for comfort as she died, just like she had during the night? She didn't want to deny her a last request if she was indeed going to die. She could see in her face and in her eyes that she was kind, so she wanted to help her. She grabbed the woman's hand and put the acorn in it, helping her make a fist around it.

"Is there anything else I can do?" Lisa asked, thinking she might be able to find some water - or maybe some plants that could be used for medicine. She didn't know how to find them, but if the green haired woman knew, maybe she would be able to tell her what to get - a miracle plant that could heal her right away would be the perfect thing.

"Close your eyes," was the only thing the woman said, smiling her painful smile while she looked at Lisa.

Lisa was confused. What good would it do to close her eyes? She only had the time to think that before a shimmer came from the acorn in the woman's hand, and then a bright light that forced her to not only close her eyes, but turn her head away and use her arm to shield from the light. When she opened them again, the woman was dead.

She spent all of the day digging graves. She did not have much for tools, but sticks and stones and the knife all helped. She made one grave for the big woman by the edge of the forest - but when tried to drag her over there, the big woman had been too heavy. By that time, she had already made two graves, as she didn't want to bury them in the same grave. The smaller woman still held onto the acorn, which had made Lisa think it would be perfect to dig a grave for her among the oak trees. Maybe the acorn would be able to grow into a big tree in her honor. By the time she was putting the last earth on that grave the sun was almost completely gone.

Lisa woke up as the first rays of sunshine came in over the field. She realized she had been sleeping right on the ground where she thought the tree should be. If she had woken up with a sore body the day before, it was nothing compared to what she felt now, after having worked hard all day. She had managed to find some green plants that she had seen used in cooking during her time with the elves. She had eaten them and it made her feel a little better, but at the same time it had made her think about the special stew. Would she ever get to taste it again? As much as she wanted to get to that place again, she would love to just be able to get back home. She even missed her mother now. She would spend one more night, and then she would have to see if there was a way back.

The next morning she woke up as the sun had found its way through the leaves and hit her face. She thought that was a good way to wake up but when she tried to move her body protested. Every muscle in her body was hurting. She thought she was in good shape but clearly digging with poor tools for a full day was not within her grasp. She managed to crawl out from under the tree and stand up. 

What should she do first? She wanted some food and she wanted to see if she could get home. She decided that looking for the portal back would be the smartest move, as it would be easier to get food there.

The first thing she noticed was the brute. If she could go back home, she wouldn't need to worry about that. With her sore body, there was no way she would be able to move her. She looked over at the other grave. Something was odd with it. Was there a plant sticking out of it?

She hurried over as fast as her body would allow. In the middle of the grave, there was a sapling with three leaves. Could it be the acorn? It seemed impossible, as she had only planted it yesterday. Still, with the turned soil, there was no way another plant could have grown there. She reached out her hand to touch it.

The next thing Lisa knew, she was no longer kneeling next to the grave, but in a soft green place. It was almost as if the air itself had something green to it and, in front of her, stood the girl from the day before. This time, though, she was completely naked - showing of her beautiful body, and Lisa couldn't help but notice that the woman had a really big girl cock.

"Thank you for saving me," the woman said with a smile. Lisa thought it was a beautiful smile, probably the same smile she had tried to show yesterday - only it had gotten twisted by the pain then.

"Where am I?" Lisa asked, looking around. "Where am I, and who are you?" she continued, repeating the first part.

"I am Seca. As to where we are, I am not really sure myself," the woman answered.

"I thought you died. I buried you," Lisa said puzzled.

"I did. You did," Seca answered. "I am a Dryad. We can pass our life to a seed when we die. Luckily enough for me, you had one with you and I could move my spirit to it."

Lisa was confused. What the woman was saying was impossible. A few years ago she had learned that the most improbable things were indeed possible, but now she doubted it. Maybe she was going crazy and was sitting in a psych ward imagining all of this.

"I can see that you are confused. Let me try to explain," Seca said with a kind voice, walking up to Lisa and helping her sit down, and then sat down in front of her.

Lisa was certain they were standing in the air and now sitting in the air. Still she listened to the story Seca was telling her.

"We dryads are very close to nature. It gives us certain powers. That is why I was chased by that orc. I was their captive for a very long time and a few days ago I managed to escape," She tried to explain not knowing that Lisa had never heard of orcs.

"Why did they hold you captive?" Lisa blurted out making Seca laugh.

"Like I said, we have powers. We can talk to plants and animals. We try to do good with it. My captors forced me to do it for them. They are not kind. They only care about themselves and not how their actions affect others," Seca explained getting more and more sad. "I do not want to talk about it. Can I continue with the rest of my story?"

Lisa nodded.

"I thought I had gotten away for good but, at dawn, one of them found me. I ran through the forest but she followed me. Soon after that, we came to where you found me. I feared she would take me back there and I tried to defend myself. It did not go very well. I took her life as she took mine. I did not mean for her to die but I could not go back there. Losing my life was a fair price for it," Seca continued still having a sad look on her face.

"But that is when you showed up," she said as she started to smile again. "I was about to die, but you showed up with a seed. The seed did not yet have a spirit in it like a grown plant does, and so I could move my spirit into the seed. This way I can continue to live," she said gingerly.

"As a tree?" Lisa asked

"Yes; I have always wanted to be a tree. They are strong and majestic and get to see and experience so much. I am really looking forward to it," Seca went on clearly happy about her new form.

"I am glad I could help," Lisa said, unsure if that was really appropriate.

"What about you? What are you doing here?" it was Seca's time to ask.

"That is a long story," Lisa said bowing her head down.

"I would love to hear it," Seca said honestly.

"Well," Lisa started, "I come from another world. My aunt met this woman that was an elf with horns on her head and, when I was there to visit, they took me to this world - only, it had a big tree, and the elves lived in it, and it was the most wonderful place in the world," Lisa continued with a spark in her eye.

"And then," Lisa had to take a long pause, "I had to go home to my mother, to go to school. When I tried to get back the path over to that world was gone and my aunt was still in there. I had no way to find it again - at least, 'til two days ago. The portal opened again but it took me to the wrong place. It took me here instead. It looks similar, but everything looks wrong. The tree is gone and the elves are not here. I think the portal back home is closed forever, so now I am stuck here. I miss that place so much. My aunt, Melandir, the elders," Lisa went on holding back her tears.
