 CHAPTER V

A VICE FROM YAKUBUTSU KATAPIRA

ACE LI looked up at the man in a kimono who sat calmly smoking a hookah from his seat on a giant mushroom. The man might have been 35 or he might have been 55. It was very hard to tell. He had short white hair and a short white beard. He wore round sunglasses with gold rims that completely hid his eyes. His purple and green kimono was uncommonly bright. His hookah went bubble-bubble and he exhaled a cloud of sweet cherry blossom smoke.

"Excuse me, sir," said Ace Li politely.

The man looked down (or at least he seemed to - it was hard to tell with his dark glasses). "Who are you?" he demanded.

"I hardly know, sir, after the day I'm having," said Ace Li. "But I know who I was when I woke up this morning."

(And if you don't know who Ace Li was when she woke up that morning, and about the buckets of cum, the ass fucking and the breast torture that had left her, understandably, a little confused, I suggest you go back and read her earlier adventures.)

"What do you mean?" asked the man.

"Well, it's all so confusing. I don't feel myself at all, you see."

"I don't see," said the man.

"Well, it's so distressing to be constantly changing," said Ace Li.

"It isn't," said the man rudely.

"Well, it is to me!" insisted Ace Li.

"You!" snorted the man. "Who are you?" and they were back where they started.

"Why don't you tell me who you are?" said Ace Li, becoming infuriated with the man.

"Why?" asked the man, and proceeded to take a long pull on his hookah.

"Oh!" exclaimed Ace Li crossly. She felt her eyes fill with tears of frustration, and she turned to walk away.

"Wait," said the man. Ace Li turned round. "My name is Yakubutsu Katapira. Climb up beside me on my mushroom."

With some difficulty and her bare bottom in the air, Ace Li climbed onto the mushroom. It was soft and smooth like velvet and she sat down very comfortably in front of Yakubutsu Katapira. He regarded her with his black glasses, and pulled on his hookah. Ace Li shyly pulled her blouse over her bare breasts. She tried not to cough when he exhaled the sweet pink cloud in her face. "Who are you?" he asked a third time.

"I am Ace Li, sir," she replied.

"Well, Ace Li," said Yakubutsu Katapira, "I am going to give you a vice."

"Surely you mean an advice," corrected Ace Li.

"Surely I know what I mean!" scolded the man and Ace Li hung her head, corrected. "Lift my kimono," said Yakubutsu Katapira.

Ace Li did as she was told. She lifted the beautiful material to first reveal the man's skinny crossed legs, and then his semi-hard prick.

"Go on, Ace Li," encouraged Yakubutsu Katapira. "And I will give you a vice."

Ace Li bent down and lifted Yakubutsu Katapira's cock into her mouth. She began to suck back and forth as he took another pull on the hookah. She was pleasantly surprised to discover that his cock tasted faintly of cherry blossom. He breathed out his pink smoke, coughed, and began to dispense his vice:

You are young, Madam Ace Li, a fantasy girl, A sexier babe I'm not dreamin'; But to keep your good looks as the years unfurl, Take a diet with plenty of semen.

Ace Li listened to Yakubutsu Katapira's vice as she continued to suck on his stiffening cock. She didn't think it sounded particularly good vice yet.

You're good, Madam Ace Li, it's gonna be fun, My hard-on is already risen; Your talented tongue'll blow for years to come, If daily you coat it in jism.

Indeed, Yakubutsu Katapira's cock had grown hard. Flattered by the man's kind words, Ace Li resolved to give him the best blowjob ever. She made sure her mouth was really wet as she ran her tongue all over his cock. She took him deep in her throat as her hand firmly wanked his shaft.

You are hot, Madam Ace Li, a little bit dirty, And dirtier still when you're drunk; And I want you to still be a slut when your thirty, So don't ever stop downing that spunk.

You're bold, Madam Ace Li, there's no-one more bolder, Just the partner to have in a fizz; And your courage will only increase when you're older, If you just keep on sucking that jizz.

Ace Li continued to suck on Yakubutsu Katapira's cock as he paused in his vice to puff on his hookah. His cherry scented pre-cum was now added to her spit so that his cock was slick in her mouth. She hummed to let him know that she was paying attention, and Yakubutsu Katapira continued:

You are wild, Madam Ace Li, a whore in the bed, I do like a girl that is loose; And you'll go right on fucking until you are dead, If you maintain that diet of juice.

You're filthy, Madam Ace Li, a bona fide whore, Just look at the things that you've done; And let's keep you a slut for a few years more, By feeding you plenty of cum.

Now Ace Li wasn't at all sure about being called a whore and a slut. She sat up and looked at Yakubutsu Katapira, her lips shiny with his cum. He simply pulled on his hookah and inclined his head to indicate that she should continue.

You're a pro, Madam Ace Li, a wonderful lay, This blowjob's the best that I've seen; You'll be sucking on cocks when you're old and you're grey, With your mouth full of spunky white cream.

This seemed better vice to Ace Li. She was pleased with the compliment. Indeed it was a wonderful blowjob. It was hot and wet and sticky with his pre-cum, all of which were good things, Ace Li decided. As she stroked the base of his cock, her hand rested briefly on his balls, and feeling them tighten, she knew that she would soon be getting all the vice she could use.

You're a bad girl, Madam Ace Li, you'll do any deed, And this you have already showed; You're only content when you're swallowing seed, As your mouth takes another fine load.

She felt Yakubutsu Katapira's cock stiffen and throb in her mouth. Ace Li redoubled her sucking and wanked him harder as she sensed his imminent release. The last verse of his vice Yakubutsu Katapira gasped brokenly as he neared his climax.

I want you, Madam Ace Li, to promise me that, If there's only one thing that you learn: If his milky white nectar is not in your twat, You'll swallow his wonderful sperm.

And with that, Yakubutsu Katapira dispensed his most valuable vice. Ace Li's head was filled with the scent of cherry blossoms as Yakubutsu Katapira came in her mouth. She gripped his cock firmly between her lips, caressed it with her tongue, as his cum exploded in her mouth. Ace Li was careful not to spill a drop, and swallowed all his cum down. Then she carefully cleaned his cock from base to tip, and sucked it some more to be sure. Satisfied, she sat back, covered Yakubutsu Katapira's modesty with his kimono, and smiled.

He took a long pull on his hookah and breathed out a pink cloud. When it cleared, Yakubutsu Katapira said, "You must go now, Ace Li." But before she left, he kissed her on the lips, to show that he took his own good vice.

CHAPTER VI

BIG AND WETTER

ACE LI walked away from the mushroom and Yakubutsu Katapira with the taste of cherry blossom on her lips and a smile on her face. She walked for some time through the wood, the breeze playing with her blouse and kissing her nipples and her bare pussy, until she came across a very grand house.

She called at the open door but there was no answer. Listening, Ace Li thought she could here a commotion from somewhere within. Nervously she entered the house and followed the noise through richly furnished rooms until she came to the kitchen.

Here the noise was terrific. Ace Li peeped cautiously round the door to see what all the fuss was. It was a big kitchen with a huge gas stove and racks full of pots and pans. On the stove was a cauldron of boiling water that threatened to turn the kitchen into a steam room. In the middle was a big wooden table, and this seemed to be the centre of the uproar. For lying on the table with her legs pulled up was a hugely pregnant woman. "Push! Push!" she was screaming, and Ace Li thought at first she was giving birth. Then she realised that her instructions were not to herself, but to the ginger haired man with a big grin, who was stood at the end of the table fucking her furiously. And hurling abuse and pots and pans at both of them was the cook. "Oh my!" said Ace Li.

The cook was screaming at them that they must get out of her kitchen this instant, and the pregnant woman and her partner paid her no attention whatsoever and went on fucking. Finally the cook realised that she wasn't going to win and, flinging one last pot (which just missed the woman's head and clattered to the stone floor), she stormed past Ace Li.

Looking up as the cook left, the pregnant woman spotted Ace Li at the door. "You!" Redi Obasan (for that was her name) commanded. "Come here!"

Feeling she had little choice, Ace Li walked into the kitchen and approached Redi Obasan. She was truly hugely pregnant, her enormous belly taut like a drum. She was quite attractive, Ace Li decided, with a regal face. She wore a coronet studded with gems. Her dress, of the finest material, was hitched up over her belly and open down the front to reveal a pair of huge tits swollen from her pregnancy. The boiling kettle was making the kitchen quite uncomfortable, and Redi Obasan glistened with a thin layer of sweat.

"No!" she complained over her belly at Chi-zu Neko (for it was he who was fucking her). "Harder! Fuck me harder!"

Then she turned to Ace Li. "And who are you? Wait, it doesn't matter. Suck on my nipple while this little dick wiggles around inside me."

Ace Li, who always tried to do as she was told, bent over Redi Obasan's left breast. She laid her hands on her skin and marvelled at the size of her breasts and the nipples like saucers. Lowering her head she took the big nipple in her mouth. Her head immediately shot up in surprise. A squirt of warm milk had shot straight into her mouth. "Oh!" exclaimed Ace Li, with milk dribbling on her chin.

"What are you doing?" complained Redi Obasan. "Suck my nipple, I said!"

Ace Li took the nipple again in her mouth and sucked. She was rewarded with another squirt of warm milk. After the initial surprise, Ace Li realised that this was a wonderful turn of events. She sucked harder on Redi Obasan's nipple and drank down the warm milk that flowed into her mouth.

Redi Obasan put her hand on Ace Li's head and pressed her more firmly to her breast. She moaned in pleasure as Ace Li continued sucking. But Ace Li was getting full. Milk began to run from the side of her mouth and over Redi Obasan's great breast. She tried to lift her head, but Redi Obasan held her in place. Ace Li swallowed what she could, but a puddle of milk was spreading across Redi Obasan's breast and onto the table.

Ace Li was saved by Chi-zu Neko's inept fucking. "No!" cried Redi Obasan in exasperation. "I can barely feel you!"

Ace Li took her chance and lifted her head. Her face was flushed from being pressed into that enormous boob, and milk covered her mouth, nose and chin.

"You!" Redi Obasan yelled at Ace Li. "Get down there and fuck me properly!"

"But, Ma'am!" stuttered Ace Li. "I don't have a penis!"

"Don't give me excuses! Just do it!"

So Ace Li walked around the table. Chi-zu Neko smiled broadly, apparently not in the least put out by Redi Obasan's behaviour. He stepped back, his dick (which wasn't small at all, noted Ace Li) jutting out from his trousers. As Ace Li came round one of Redi Obasan's legs she was met with the extraordinary sight of her towering belly and the great slit of her swollen pussy.

Despite Redi Obasan's protestations, she was wide open and soaking wet. Ace Li leaned closer to her juicy pussy, her eyes fixed on the spread lips and the pink folds, and the cum juice leaking over the table and onto the floor.

Not having a penis and not quite sure what was expected of her, Ace Li held onto the woman's thighs and buried her face in Redi Obasan's pussy. She was almost swallowed by the pregnant woman's cunt. She licked and drank her juices (even though she was quite full of breast milk). Ace Li pressed her face into her pussy, shoving her tongue as deep as she could. Quickly her face was covered in Redi Obasan's cum from her forehead to her chin.

But as eagerly as Ace Li licked at Redi Obasan's cunt, it wasn't good enough. "No!" yelled the woman from the other side of her huge belly. "I told you to fuck me properly!"

Ace Li leaned back, bewildered, juice and sweat pouring from her face. Then she took her hand and pushed a finger inside. It went in so easily that she tried three and Redi Obasan's pussy greedily swallowed them all. Removing her fingers, Ace Li made a kind of point with all four fingers and her thumb. She put her hand at the entrance to Redi Obasan's cunt and pushed. Her hand went in easily up to the second knuckles and then met resistance.

"Yes!" called Redi Obasan. "That's it! Yes!"

Ace Li pushed harder, twisting and wiggling her fingers in Redi Obasan's sopping cunt. Slowly she worked her hand deeper inside, until only her knuckles seemed to be stopping her. She pushed and probed and Redi Obasan's juices ran down her arm. The woman wriggled in pleasure, squeezing and pressing on Ace Li's hand. Hanging on to her thigh, Ace Li pushed with all her might and, as Redi Obasan gave a yell of delight, her fist was swallowed by her cunt.

Ace Li took a second to catch her breath and gazed in wonder at her wrist sticking from Redi Obasan's gaping pussy. She tried wriggling her fingers inside their tight, fleshy room. Redi Obasan was groaning in pleasure and pushing herself against Ace Li's hand, so Ace Li met her thrusts and began to slowly fist fuck her.

She twisted and turned her wrist, pushing and pulling, opening and closing her hand inside the woman's amazing cunt. With each thrust her fist pushed deeper and deeper and Ace Li watched in amazement as nearly half her arm disappeared inside the woman. Redi Obasan was flooding pussy juice and pushing against Ace Li's fist with greater and greater urgency, and both of them were crying out with the effort.

Although she was exhausted, Ace Li thrust back as hard and fast as she could until she thought she would collapse when suddenly, for a second, Redi Obasan's great belly lifted off the table and everything was still and silent.

"Yeeeeesssssssss!!!" screamed Redi Obasan.

Her orgasm was monumental and her cum came like a geyser. It sprayed in a golden fountain over Ace Li as the woman's ass plonked back on the table sending another wave of pussy juice over the girl. Redi Obasan lay on the table moaning in ecstasy and shaking while Ace Li stood, dazed, her hand buried in the woman's cunt, drenched from head to toe in sweet, sticky cum.

Ace Li carefully extracted her arm from Redi Obasan, as the woman continued to shake and moan. She sat down with a splash in the puddle of cum juice that surrounded the table. Her hair was plastered to her head. Her chest glistened and one nipple clung pinkly to her soaking blouse. Her skirt clung to her thighs and the wet stone floor cooled her bare ass. She was utterly sticky and quite exhausted, but she decided that it was probably a good time to leave. Standing up, she quietly left Redi Obasan sighing on the table, and stole out the way she had come in.

As she walked out the front door she saw Chi-zu Neko, who was leaning against a tree, smiling.

"Oh, hello," said Ace Li, politely.

Chi-zu Neko only grinned more widely.

"Please, sir, could you tell me which way I ought to go?"

"That depends where you want to be." said Chi-zu Neko.

"I don't mind much," said Ace Li.

"Then it doesn't matter much which way you go," observed Chi-zu Neko. "But if you walk that way you will find Kichigai Hatto and Yayoi Usagi. They're having a party. Don't forget to vote!" he added mysteriously, and having said so, Chi-zu Neko disappeared.

"Well," said Ace Li to herself. "A party will be nice." And off she set.