 Ryuku fumbled up the steps towards the temple. Thirty-thousand and fifteen steps. To any other person, it would seem sheer madness to put that many steps up a mountain to only terminate at an apparently dilapidated place formally used to venerate the Ancient Ones. The sweat dripped down her bosom, forming abstract symbols upon her shirt disturbingly similar to the dead language of Ank'Binan, the ecstatic glossolalia that once filled the mountain side bringing terror to the hearts of the mountain folk each dark sabbat.

Sheer determination had brought her this far. The failed prophecies of Mohor the Elder, once High Priest of the Binan tribe, slowly filtered through her fatigued mind invoking images of the Unholy Communion, a sexual union between female and priest so intense that an instantaneous birth of Molakan, the Great Fang, would ensue. Amidst the mental images flooding her mind, she felt a certain quiver deep within her thighs. Involuntarily, she touched herself, visualizing the combined epitome of carnal lust and anti-Shuko sentiments breaching her inner feminine secret. Tarrying on, she sprinted up the final steps that led into the Binan Temple. Its damp darkness further excited her occult lust, her desire of liberation of both her virginity and Shuko's most feared nemesis. The maddening thrusts defined her present mindscape, the removal of purity's partition and the desolation of all Shukonian principles.

Inhaling it's stale air, she climbed upon the stone altar. Many a Binan virgin had lost both hymen and life upon this table. Mohor's sexual madness had pierced not only through their membrane but also into their soul, causing each potential dark vessel of Molakan to orgasm uncontrollably until the convulsions had caused their spines to rupture, leading into asphyxiation and it's inevitable death. But Ryuku did not care. If it meant to be a martyr to offset the balance of Shuko's power upon the Earth, she would even impale herself, from thighs to throat, upon the large phallic idols of Mohor. Looking at them now through the dim light, her uncorrupted labia moistened in hopes as to what would soon come. It's heat radiated through the rest of her body, willing herself to unfasten her clothing in preparation for the dark utterances spoken in Ark'Binan, it's liturgy to conjure the praeternatural soul of great Mohor.

Her dress, appropriately black and purple, slid down her ultra-feminine thighs and off of her feet. Her underwear, damp with both sweat and unimaginable lust peeled away from her beautifully shaped hips revealing a perfectly figured bottom that was beyond the nightly cravings of all men. The scent of her desires filled the chamber of Mohor's altar room. The trickle of light glistened off her pure loins, her long red hair slightly moving from the breeze that seemed to come from all directions yet from no place at once. It's thickening current swirled down her back and around her hips. It moved around each leg, a sentient invisible force now pushing itself to part her legs. She obliged, lying back against the altar with her legs spread apart. The presence began to move within the folds of her inner lips, causing her to gasp as it encircled her throbbing clitoris as if some unseen tongue was performing an uncanny cunnilingus to her. It's experience was far greater than the vaginal lickings and lashings she received weekly from her servant, a petite young Lamarnian maid paying off her years as an indentured servant. And although self-trained to never be penetrated by no one other than her destined Binan lover, she enjoyed it when the servant's tongue would occasionally force it's way near her hymen, only to withdrawal and suckle up it's dewdrops of femme-et-femme desire. But, verily, the conscious wind that enveloped her sweet succulence now was filled with more vigor. The Lamarian girl never pushed her to such an intense pleasure within such a short time.

Ryuku's breathing was nearing a state of hyperventilation and her hips had began to involuntarily thrust against the unseen force that caused her such an explicit rapture. She feel completely to her back upon the cold altar. Her legs wide open and her feet upon the stone. She pushed her thighs upwards as she felt the dark force now flick it's way from her front to her back, creating an intense agony of desiring to be penetrated in all places at once in a maddening orgy of Shuko's despise. Her fingers now moved into place as she began to recite the incantations she had memorized over the last four years. Her heart of darkness pulsed forth the very words required for Molakan's arrival upon Earth.

As she chanted the wicked tongue, her mind filled with memories of a horrid past where Shukos reputed servants of peace had raided her village, Laxatyn, erecting the strange symbols of the religion and condemning the peasants with the fear of death or conversion. They had restricted the sacred magics of sex, the bountiful dance of creation and physical pleasure. They issued a bull condemning the female's orgasm and the male's ejaculation unless it was held within the sterile surroundings of the procreation chamber placed in the darkest of village alleys, usually located near the communal cesspools. Amonz'Kha, the Park of Paradise, was brought to ruin and thorns were planted where the villagers would once gather publicly each night to make passionate love unashamed beneath the light of the stars. When sexual union was freely practiced Laxatynians were at peace and there was no crime. When lovers would gather and the sounds of satisfaction filled the evening airs, the flowers bloomed and the birds sang. What was once a paradisaical landscape was now a desolate wasteland where no wildlife would dare tread and the only green seen within the land was the jealous Shukon priest whose wandering eyes envied the immaculate maidens of the village.

The Binanian cult arose in combat against the ascetic practices of the Shukons. They were ruthless daemonolatrists who conjured up dark spirits to spellbind the maidens of Shukon. They would then lead them into the dark woods where upon they would commit unspeakable sex acts upon them and then cut their throats in the midst of their orgasms. In worldview morality, they were surely no better than the Shuko anti-sex prohibitions. To many, even the peoples not associated with either, they were often seen as being far worse. Better without sex than without life, some would say...but to others, and especially the Laxatynians, the lack of sex was the lack of life. Mohor the Elder, of Binan's infamy, once returned from an orgy-induced vision proclaiming the birth of Molakan, whose heart of darkness would engulf all that would stand in the way of Binanian anarchic lust. Many local tribals considered it an excuse to further excite his insatiable sexual nature. Others still, heard the voices and saw the shadow of a towering figure outside the temple and knew that the figure of which he spoke of was more than just an imagined justification for further gratification.

The airy presence began to solidify as the vaporous tongue moved up her abdomen, to her breasts and up to her mouth. She began to taste her sex within her mouth as cold, hard skin pressed up against her loins. Opening her eyes, she saw a man of night-black hair and radiant electric-blue eyes. A halo of purple surrounded his visage and his glassy complexion was so smooth that she could see her own reflection staring back at her, her mouth wide open in absolute bliss.

Standing up, he became fully manifest. He stood tall and erect, his shimmering body sparkled in the dimness as if alight of one hundred fireflies. Like his face, the rest of his body appeared to have been chiseled out of the purest glass. Upon his shoulders was a cape of black and purple silk, glowing with the alphabet of Ark'Binan. No other vestments covered his body for it's beauty was something to be admired in its unclothed state. The statues created in his image around the altar failed in comparison to the luminescent former human. It was as if by coincidence that she saw her own yoni in alignment with his phallus which grew in length to a size most amicable to her taking. She acknowledged that her enemy's enemy is her friend. And that he shall be her lover.

Ryuku sat up and got to her knees, bowing before the Elder in sheer veneration. With her eyes closed in reverence, she felt what seemed like a dozen hands caressing her lustral body. They touched her on every inch of her body, massaging a dark energy into her back, her stomach, her breasts, her loins and her bottom. Fingertips traced out each curve, slightly poking and prodding each orifice as if to ready them for Mohor's desecration. As she let out a gasp of ecstasy, the hands of the dark prophet grabbed her head and pulled it towards his loins, placing his fully erect essence into her mouth. Like a starving calf, she engulfed his being deep into her mouth, suckling it as she withdrew. She savored the metallic taste of his flesh, which was now alive with vigour. She took him in deep again, salivating upon his shaft and leaving a weighty lubricant of desire upon it. With his hands now upon her head, she placed one of her hands upon his rod, massaging it in alteration with the impalation of it within her mouth. Her breathing increased with her want to take it deep into her cave of flowing honey as she continued to take it in and out with absolute oral delight.

As she withdrew once more, she began to feel very light. Opening her eyes, she saw herself slowly rising from the cold stone of the temple floor. Still in the position as if on her knees, she rose higher and higher, meeting with the grimace of Mohor. She moved vertically until her moist inner thighs were in front of his mouth. A force not in opposition to her will parted her legs and pushed her backwards. Six feet in the air, she floated upon her back, nipples pointing towards the ceiling, with her legs wide open, slowly moving towards the open mouth of her awaiting pleasure. His lips to her lower lips, he parted them with his tongue. His entire mouth covered her most private of parts, front to back, as his tongue moved up and down ingesting her feminine flavor. She moaned softly as his tongue ceased his rounds and laid directly upon her clitoris, flicking it gently as in a tease. He grabbed her by the waist and pulled her closer into his mouth, completely engulfing her most inner sanctum and forming an unholy ninety-degree angle that defied gravity. Her weightlessness allowed him to easily shift her around and inverted, once more placing her mouth on him and in unison commenced the mutual lusts of oral satisfaction that echoed within the temple walls. For her to be filled with his tongue and to have him within deep within her mouth invigorated her, filling her with a power that she had never once felt before.

She shrieked as his tongue nearly breached her virginity. Suddenly the temple lit up as if the Sun itself had risen within it. Attempting to peer beyond the blinding light, and through his legs, she saw the outline of the angelic hosts circling above. They cried tears of blood as they looked down below upon the frightful fornication. Below the tears formed a giant inverted pentagram upon the altar stone, the alphabet of Ark'Binan encircling it. Mohor gave out a loud guttural moan, and the light above became flames which singed the wings of the hosts, scorching their bodies as they fell out of the air like the dying fowl that drop upon entry into Laxatyn. Their twitching and cindering corpses lay around and upon the altar with the sickening appearance of the icons of Shuko raised in the villages of Earth. The death rattles of the holy creatures translated as a plea to discontinue the act of conceiving dreaded Molakan. Mohor moaned once more and the flames subsided; all that remained of the winged hosts were piles of ashes and the smell of sulfur.

Startled, Ryuku wondered how a former human could wield so much power as to destroy the heavenly forces? And what enemy were they, who were beyond all religions upon the Earth, to such a creature as Mohor? Seldom did these creatures interfere in the dealings of mankind; we were left to the gods of the planet, they say, for only they could interact with us on a level that we could comprehend. Was there more to Mohor than dark lust and prophecy?

Now choking on the phallus plunged down and held within her throat, she screamed a muffled cry. Withdrawing himself from her bloodshot face, he dropped her six feet below upon the altar; the trauma leaved her stunned and incapable of fighting against the corrupted intrusion destined by Mohor. He moved towards her, pulling her legs apart revealing her beautifully intact womanhood, its swollen labia most inviting to the painful penetration that it would soon receive. Lubricating his fingers with its moisture, he placed his right index finger into her rectum, causing her to arch as he pulled her upwards to his awaiting staff. With one incompassionate penetration, pain filled her entire body as what once defined her as being pure was destroyed in one fleeting second by the daemon priest.

Eyesight regaining clarity after her fall, she noticed six cacodaemons licking up the blood that was lost in virginity's removal. They were small, perhaps no more than two feet in height, and made of dark shadow. These spirits, who she feels were the ones molesting her excitement, now hovered around the couple as he withdrew- lapping it up from both the thighs of Mohor and herself. Their cold tongues were sloppy as they moved around her inner-folds, making sure that no one drop of tainted blood remained. Others felated Mohor, sucking off every trace of that which was once inside of her. His minions faded back into the shadows as the vicar of vileness spread a set of six wings that she had not noticed before. He looked towards the heavens, chanting the tongue, as the black, shimmering wings stood erect. She attempted to cry, but the tears quickly evaporated as soon as they poured from her eyes. The bloody pentagram upon which she laid down upon was beginning to give off a burning heat. The previously angelic life-force was engraving itself into her back and the pain began to numb her entire body.

Within a moment that felt to be an aeon, Mohor retook his position before the weakened Ryuku. His arms pushed her legs apart and peered into her freshly penetrated orifice, red and swollen from its intrusion. With a drop of pre-cum glistening on his enormous staff, he prepared to finish the job for which he appeared and the naive girl had called...but not before gratifying every hole in her body before inseminating her with his dark seed. He bowed between her thighs to partake of her precious fluids one more time; the sore opening reacting to his tongue. He lapped and penetrated her, savoring the remnants of blood left inside of her. This blood, pure blood, was pure satisfaction as it had been ages since it graced his palate. Having been satisfied with sucking out every trace remain of the blood, he moved his tongue down further, spreading her cheeks. Her red rosebud was swirled upon with his tongue. Each tiny fold was traced, encircled upon, spiraling downward to the center. It initially hesitated to allow entry, but the force of his tongue won over her weakened will, and soon his tongue violently seized and sodomized her rear entry. Even deeper than his finger had previously penetrated, his tongue violated the last of her purity. She was now under his carnal ownership and he was going to take it further, too.

Flipping her over for a better access to desecrate her last cavern, he stood aghast. Her back begin to radiate with the letters of the sacred alphabet, engraved and scarred into her body from the blood of the angels. The last act of the dying heavenly hosts had been to utter a curse from the gods, delivered directly in a language and very lettering had enough power to destroy a universe. In a frenzy, he attempted to ejaculate into her, but the curse blinded him, incapable of differentiating hole from hole, and the heat that radiated therefrom burned into his eyes before forcing him flaccid and hopeless. Cursing the gods, he attempted to flail at the girl, in an attempt to turn her over. If nothing else, he would destroy her and wait for the next one to enter his abode. He reached and fell upon her. The mistake sent his body into convulsions as each letter seared into his flesh. He fell over and off the altar and the cacodaemons that witnessed from the shadows vanished in fear.

Moments later, Ryuku regained her strength. The very force that brought Mohor pain had granted her vitality. A sudden rush of energy brought her a vigor even greater than she had when she first entered the ruins. She removed herself from the stone table and stood gazing upon the blind, weak priest. Writhing and cursing naked upon the ground, she picked him up and tossed him upon her shoulders. He attempted to return to vapor, but he had not the strength. His limp phallus bounced upon her chest as she carried him towards one of the great idols situated in the surroundings. With one large heave, she took the profaned beast and impaled him upon its phallus. As it penetrated his anus and worked its way up to terminate within his mouth, the force emptied his testicles. In amounts twenty times the ejaculate of mankind, Ryuku was hosed with his seed as Mohor succumbed to his death.

She attempted to clean herself of his fluids as she took herself down the mountain that nearly destroyed not only her, but the rest of the world. In a river that crossed the valley below, she bathed her naked body. The regenerative powers of the hosts had given her strength, but the act had ironically made her feel very dirty. The very thing she sought to save had nearly damned her. As she walked out of the river, not once did she turn around to realize that the river that washed away Mohor's seed had turned black. A slight dizziness confounded her mind, but back to the town she walked...