 Hashashin

New York City 1957

"We have just received news that confirm the initial reports stating that early yesterday morning Iranian sailors from their 6th Fleet, on drill maneuvers in the Caspian Sea, discovered and rescued Aiden Arden. Arden was known as the heir to Arden Technologies, playboy and the boyfriend of various actresses and models which made his appearance before the media quite common before being presumed dead with the crash of Allied Airlines flight 987 somewhere over the Eastern Kazakhstan on its way from Tokyo to London. 

Apparently, the 24 year old Mr. Arden was found floating on a large and rather complex wooden "raft". Even more odd, he was described as wearing "well stitched clothes of what were clearly Wolf skins with a Lion pelt draped over his shoulders". He was also carrying what said to be a "extremely well made composite bow with a quiver intricately constructed, feather fletched arrows with large carved obsidian heads" and a "long dagger apparently made from the jaw of a large crocodile, teeth still attached." 

When asked about where he has been since that fateful day three years ago, he replied to his rescuers by simply saying, "an island". 

Mr. Arden is currently on his way home to New York. The Arden family ask that you please respect their privacy. More on this story..."

::::

Julia was still in shock. Even after more than a day, her mind was still having a hard time comprehending the fact that her big brother, her hero, was alive. Aiden hadn't died in a plane crash three years ago. He was alive! 

So, why was she still so torn? She couldn't figure it out but something was still bothering her. In her shock, it took her more than a day to realize that nagging feeling was the result of her imagining what her big brother was like now. 

What does being alive on an island, alone and surrounded by wild beasts trying to constantly kill you, for years, do to a persons mind? What does fighting Wolves, Lions and Crocodiles and God-knows what else on an uncharted island do to a person's body? Would she even recognize him? 

Her Mother had been strangely composed, even though Julia could tell she was churning inside. With it being just the two of them since her brother's 'death', they had grown apart a good deal. They still loved each other and they had mourned together. But since then the house had simply felt cold and empty. 

Julia's first smile in over a day came as she looked down at her body, sitting with her mother in the back of a town car. When her brother had last seen her, she was a lanky, mousy and flat sixteen year old girl. She certainly wasn't that anymore, she thought with a smile. 

"What is it, sweety?" Susanna asked her daughter. 

"Just thinking about how much things have changed since he ...left." She answered. 

Susanna was quiet for a moment, her face uncomfortable, before she spoke. "Sweety ...you know that he might ...well, not exactly be the same Aiden that we all remember. He used to be so cheerful. So happy and kind." She reminisced, her golden eyes gaining a far away misty look. 

"But to survive something as horrible as a plane crash must be ...horrible. Then to have to fight for your life every day, hungry and cold, never expecting to see home again. I can't even begin to imagine." Then she looked at Julia directly and said, 

"he's been all alone for three years, sweety. He grieved for us too, knowing we believed him dead and we're doing our best to move on with our lives, thinking that is what he would have wanted ...yet he was alive and missing us. I can't stop feeling like I betrayed him by trying to find happiness again while he was fighting for his life. I can't stop wondering how many times I was laughing and having a good time while he sewed up a wolf bite in his own arm or starved in the rain while I ate at a banquet..."

Julia just nodded. She wanted to reassure her mother but she was struggling with the exact same thing. The fact that, for as long as she could remember, she had been in love with her brother didn't only served to make this whole situation worse, she thought. 

:..:

Aiden was nervous. He was far more scared of this reunion than he had been of anything on that island and the large, ferocious and otherwise not native to that part of the world-animals that inhabited the uncharted island that used to serve as a game reserve for the Persian Kings of the Sassanian Empire, where animals from all around the then-known world were brought in and bred before being released, were the least of his worries during that time. 

Animals, especially predators, are smart. They know when they meet a superior predator. This caused him to give a grim smile, slightly spooking the poor nurse, who was already clearly somewhere between terror, awe and desire in the presence of the most beautiful man she had ever seen. 

His long golden hair and blonde beard made him look like an Abercrombie & Fitch catalogue's version of a 'Mountain Man'. His highly unusual golden eyes and the overlapping scars that crossed his exposed torso like a roadmap as she took his vitals made him look like some Viking warrior from a millennium ago. 

The overall affect literally made her heart race and her knees weak. Nina was a short and fit, but naturally busty woman, at more than a foot shorter than him. Even sitting on the exam table as he was, she had to look up into his eyes. He was muscular, extremely so, but not bulky. To her, he looked like some lithe jungle cat, the way his defined muscles rolled under his golden skin with every movement in the complete lack of visible fat. 

As she leaned close to listen to his lungs, she caught a whiff of his scent and was immediately nearly overcome with lust. She barely managed to keep from impulsively licking his skin to taste him. She was wet from just being near him and the smell of him had her fighting with every ounce of her will power to remain within the bounds of propriety. 

Soft voices outside the door saved her from further torment as she quickly concluded her duties and exited the room, giving the doctor a nod as he talked with two richly dressed and beautiful women. 

The little Latina nurse was having an affect on Aiden too. He had always been a man with big appetites in the bedroom. He used to chastise himself for his need to ejaculate at least three or four times daily to keep a clear head and testicles that didn't feel loaded and swollen. It was often times a distraction, and on the island a vulnerability, but it was also a necessity. One he hadn't been able to relieve since his rescue. 

Outside his room, Julia and Susanna were talking to the doctor that had done the exam. 

"...In addition to a few scars that were obviously inflicted by the teeth of large predators and a few others that could have possibly been caused by the claws of a large cat or bear, there are also many wounds that I've only seen in veterans." The doctor said, clearly uncomfortable. 

"What... What are you saying Doctor, exactly?" Asked Susanna. 

"Well, I can't say for sure. All I know is that the majority of his scars are consistent with the cut or puncture of a bladed weapon and..."

"Self mutilation?" She asked.

"Normally, that is what I would suspect, yes. However, in this case I'm not so sure. You see, there are also many wounds consistent with projectiles. Not only projectiles but fast moving projectiles. Most likely supersonic. There was also significant burn scarring on areas of his body and many of these scars are in areas that can't be reached or manipulated by a person. Nor do they exhibit any of the usually hallmarks or signatures of self mutilation or punishment. The truth is, I have no idea what happened to him on that island. Few of the physical injuries received anything approaching proper medical care and I have to assume the mental damage was at least as bad." 

Susanna closed her eyes and nodded, clearly trying to control herself.

"I'm sorry, Mrs. Arden. I just don't know how much of your Aiden is left in there. The best you can do is be patient with him." The doctor said. "You may go in when your ready. He's just in there." He gestured and walked over the the nurse's station. 

Susanna and Julia looked at each other, the anxiety clear in both of their eyes. After a moment they approached the door and entered the room. Standing with his back to them, looking out the window, was her beloved lost son. 

Aiden was fully dressed again when he heard the door open. They had given given a white tee shirt and the bottoms from a pair of blue scrubs. "Aiden ...baby, it's Mom...", he heard. 

Susanna gasped as Aiden turned around. The thick beard was a bit of a shock but the dead look that lay in his eyes was almost crippling to such a dedicated mother. 

"Mom", he said simply, giving a soft smile. 

"Oh, baby!" Susanna said lunging forward to engulf her son in a big hug. "I missed you so much!", she sobbed. 

"I'm here, Mom. I'm here." He said in a voice that didn't sound altogether convinced. 

Susanna quietly sobbed while she clutched her first born. It took her a second to realize that his body felt different than it used to. There was nothing extraneous about him, he was all muscle and man. Even with his shirt on she could still feel the swell and bulge of muscles under firm, hot skin. 

Finally, remembering Julia, she released her son and stepped back, smiling. She turned to Julia, who was sitting with tears in her eyes as she stared at her long lost brother. 

"Miny?" Aiden asked, referencing the childhood nickname she had gained by following him around and copying all of his actions growing up. "By God, it is you!" He said, showing a brief spark of excitement for the first time. 

Julia rushed forward and into her brother's arms. "We thought you were dead! We... We..."

"It's ok, Jules. I'm here." He soothed. "You know I missed you, don't you?" 

Julia just gave a shy smile and nodded bashfully. She continued to remain clutched to her brother, as if she was afraid that he'd disappear if she let him go. 

"Let's get out of here", Aiden said. Less from a desire to actually go home than to prevent the effect Julia was having on him from getting worse. 

His little sister was certainly not so little anymore. She wasn't overly tall nor thick. Her brown hair and blue eyes still held the youthful sparkle that had been long extinguished in his. Her breasts were small and her build thin. The fact that she was, literally, a super model was not at all hard for him to believe. She had a long, lithe body that was so where between athletic and skinny. Her face was beyond beautiful and her long neck was softly elegant. Her flat stomach and tiny waste flared into womanly hips and long legs. Aiden decided, as she walked away, that she probably had the nicest ass he had ever seen. It's heart shape and slightly bubble was enhanced by her tiny girl like waste and long, womanly legs. 

She was a spitting image of their mother, with the exception of their mother's blonde hair and very large breasts. Even with long and shapely legs, naturally blonde hair and breasts that weren't enhanced yet were still way oversized for her "Hollywood-MILF" style body. 

He had always told himself that harboring such feelings for his mother was wrong, even though he knew it was supposedly natural for a boy to do so. The fact that he never got over it wasn't natural, he knew. Up until the day he left he still had a desire to slide the crown of his enormous prick between her thick dick sucking lips as his shaft slid between her huge "H" cup breasts.

Aiden hadn't realized the effect that thinking about his mother had had on him so he didn't notice that he had become partially erect. Susanna gasped and asked Julua if she could wait for them outside while she helped Aiden get ready. 

When Julia was out the door, Aiden turned to her with a questioning look. Embarrassed, she waited a minute before kind of stuttering, "Baby, it's been three years since you've seen a woman." 

"So...?" He said, still not quite getting it.

Before either could comment further, Julia knocked and said that the doctor said the release paperwork was done. So, after heading down to the lobby and through the huge crowd of rude reporters and paparazzi, he was finally headed home. Home, he thought. Doesn't quite hold the same meaning now. 

:..:

The following weeks crawled by slowly for everyone. There were all anxious but stepping on eggshells whenever Aiden was near. There were a few things that were heartbreaking for Julia and Susannah to witness but they remained loving and patient as he tried to make the transition. 

After about a month, things started to slowly wind down and the press began to back off for the most part. Because Arden Technologies had been started as a small company but rapidly expanded in time to be a major player in arming the Allies during the War, making them hugely rich even when compared to established large corporations but they were still a private entity, owned only by the Arden family. 

With Aiden's father's death, Susanna had become the head of the company although she rarely had to actually do anything that she didn't want to. When his father was alive, his mother had been the head of research and development. Susanna had always been considered a genius and few men believed themselves her equal, despite their bravado. 

Anything scientific was her domain but her specialties were in robotics and human biology. As such, she had provided the U.S. Government with the majority of their new and cool programs for military weapons and armor. Apparently, not much had changed since he left. His mother had no issues sitting around the house all day, every day, with him. 

His sister too spent all her time at home. He knew Julia's modeling career was really just something to help her stave off boredom so it wasn't too surprising that she hadn't taken any new jobs or contracts. 

Still, he felt like he was holding them back from their lives. Despite all of the conflicting thoughts and emotions, one thing he couldn't turn off was his hormones. He considered calling one of his old flames or even going out and picking up a new dame but something kept holding him back. 

He couldn't really say why but as hot as he was, none of that sounded as appealing as it should. Instead, he kept thinking about his mother that day in the waiting room, or how hot his sister had become. The tiny bikinis she wore when she was tanning herself by the pool were enough to make him growl in frustration. 

Nor could he escape the scent and smell of the two of them, similar but distinct, both maddening. He was perpetually horny and constantly trying to relieve it himself. 

He wasn't the only one. Julia hadn't been able to shake certain thoughts about her brother and she felt horrible for it, feeling like she was somehow taking advantage of his current state. Every time she was around him his magnetism drew her in helplessly. She could smell his personal odor and it made her whimper with wet need. The way his bright white teeth flashed or his eyes sparkled whenever he smiled made her a fool. 

He was so much more handsome and charming than any boy she'd been with. His strength and charisma were like a warm sun that comforted her in it's warmth. As they watched TV or read while snuggling in the couch, she couldn't help but rub up against his body and breathe deeply to enjoy his smell. It never failed to make her little nipples harden and her tiny pussy to weep. 

She had no moral hang ups with being in love with her brother. If she had, they were gone long ago. She'd worshipped and been in love with him for as long as she could remember, always hating the stupid girls that came over to their house to steal him away. 

She always knew she was the best woman for her brother, and she knew it now. Unfortunately, she had seen her brother's previous flames and they all had something she did not. Huge tits. And usually a mane of bright red hair, though occasionally he went with blondes. It was clear though, he was a fool for the hourglass shape. Her small breasts and tiny nipples weren't likely to impress him much, she thought. For the thousandth time, she wondered why she hadn't inherited their mother's huge cans. Hers were perfectly round and unnaturally perky, there just wasn't much size, and she had never seen her brother with anything less than a full "D" cup. 

Julia sighed, it didn't matter. If she was meant to be with him, it would be. She had preparing for it nonstop since his rescue. Her intense daily practice had her to the point where she could swallow a huge sausage whole. One thing she knew from eavesdropping and spying on her brother growing up was that he LOVED blowjobs and, for some reason, it seemed like girls enjoyed giving them to him. She knew she sure would and she had no intention of disappointing him if she had the chance. 

She had been with boys from her high school and a couple older guys since she graduated but she definitely wasn't a slut and now that her brother was alive again, she only had eyes for him. The truth was, giving blowjobs turned her on a lot too. With a cock in her mouth, she could get off with just a few good rubs of her clit. She knew it was probably because she knew they turned her brother, her hero, on more than even most guys and she longed to kneel before him in gratitude. In supplication. 

She was up late in bed one night, fantasizing about that very thing, when a noise from Aiden's drew her out of her reverie. When she heard the noise repeat a moment later, she raised up out of bed and went to check it out, wearing only one of his shirts without panties as she wore to bed most nights. 

Entering his room quietly, she made her way to his bedside. She almost gasped as her eyes adjusted to the low light and she saw the mesh of scars criss-crossing Aiden's exposed torso. Her heart went out to him as she took in the map of sorrows that he was forced to wear. The distraction of the scars only briefly kept her from noticing that her brother was sleeping nude, obviously having nightmares. 

Aiden jerked in his sleep again as he whimpered, clearly having a horrible experience under his slumber. She lay down on the bed beside him and wrapped her arms around his midsection, calming him down in his sleep. She stayed like that for awhile, enjoying the scent and feel of his bare chest under her head. For awhile his demons were placated but before long the nightmare started up again despite her presence in his bed. 

She felt horribly useless with her inability to help her brother through such trauma. She leaned over again and softly planted a kiss on her brother's forehead. Murmuring contently in his sleep, Aiden shifted his body into a new position. By doing so, he caused the sheet he was wrapped in to fall lower. 

Julia couldn't contain a gasp when she saw that she sheet had shifted below his navel and exposed part of penis. 

For a second, she thought she wasn't seeing things right. It didn't seem like it could be. Soon, however, it dawned on her that she wasn't seeing things or dreaming, a penis really could get that size. In a daze, she tugged the sheet lower to reveal more the thick shaft attached to the huge helmet. 

Of all the boys and men she'd been with, nothing has prepared her for this. It was by far the largest endowment she had ever seen or even heard of. And it was limply laying draped over his thigh and onto the bed next to her. 

Instinctively, she reached out to take it into her hand without thinking. However, she was snapped out of her daze when she saw his penis compared to the scale of her tiny hand. She was pretty sure the head alone was bigger than her fist and certainly thicker than her wrist. She really didn't even know they got that big. 
