 I never used to be this promiscuous. 

I swear I was a good girl in high school. I never stayed out late with boys or went to any wild parties. I wanted my first time to be special; with someone I loved. And for a time, it did go that way. I lost my virginity to a long term boyfriend in my senior year, far later than many of the other girls in my grade. 

And as we enjoyed the thrills that only young love could bring, a thought was planted deep in my subconscious. Something that I could only describe as regret that I had put this off. I mean, I was glad that I had waited for the right guy. Perhaps I just wished that he had appeared sooner. 

But a few years later things went awry and we broke up. And for the first time in my life I found myself single with the knowledge of how great sex could be. 

But I didn't sleep around. 

That wasn't who I was. If I had to wait for another guy to come along, that's what I planned to do. And I did stick to that plan, for a while. 

It wasn't entirely my fault that things changed. Well, they sort of were, but not entirely. It all started when my co-worker, Anna, introduced me to a mobile game. 

'It's just a fun little timewaster,' she had said, showing it to me on her phone, 'but it's so addicting!' 

'What do you do?' 

'It's easy, see, you make a character and buy items to increase their attractiveness rating. Then you send them out and they try to hook up with other people's characters. It's just fun to turn it on in the morning to see how many points my character scored overnight.' 

I had always been a sucker for fun little games like this. Especially when I had friends playing it too to swap stories. 

'Okay, what's it called?' 

'Sexville.' 

I snorted as I unlocked my phone. 

'Really?' 

'I know, it's silly. Oh, and can you put my username in as the person who recommended it to you? I get some bonus points for that.' 

'Sure, sure. Hey, why is it asking to connect to my chip implant?' 

It was odd for a phone app to want to connect to that. My doctor was the only one who ever connected when reading my vitals for a check-up. As far as I knew, the only thing on there was that and my personal info. 

'Is this thing trying to steal my identity or something?' 

'No! Not at all! I've been playing it for a while and it's safe. It just needs... There's a reason why it wants to connect. Just say yes and you'll find out later.' 

'I'm not pressing yes unless you tell me.' 

'Oh, fine. I guess you could call it... a full immersion kind of game. Pretty much, it tracks your vitals... and when you have sex your character gets points too.' 

My mouth had dropped at her words. 

'Anna!' 

She giggled back at me, blushing slightly. 

'What? I think it's fun. If I get lucky one night, I have a little more to look forward to the next morning than an awkward conversation and some burnt bacon. It sort of feels like a loophole in the game. Even if my character fails that night, I know I won't.' 

I shook my head. 

'I think that's a little too much for me.' 

'Oh, come on, Emily! You don't have to do any of that stuff. It's still fun to play just by itself.' 

'I don't know, can I just get it without the chip connectivity?' 

'It'll be fine. Just think, you'll eventually meet the right guy, and when you two get lucky, you'll get extra lucky. It's an investment in your future!' 

She waved her phone in front of me, the bright logo of the game on her screen. It looked far too cutesy for its content. 

'Okay... I suppose I could give it a try.' 

'Yay! Don't forget to say I recommended you.' 

And so that was how it all started. I got sucked into the game almost immediately. Customizing my character to my liking, learning which areas were 'popular' on each night of the week to send them to. Yet, still, my character failed most times, and even when they succeeded, they only scored once during the night. Anna had told me stories of her character scoring multiple times in one night. 

I had asked her for advice, and she told me that she saw a turnaround after buying a few items for her character that boosted their attractiveness. However, I was nowhere near having enough points to buy anything. 

'Just come out with me for a night and we'll see if you meet someone. You get to have some fun and you'll get a head start in the game. Win-win. 

I hesitated on her offer. If the game was going to be this much effort, maybe it wasn't worth it. But I had only scratched the surface of the game. It looked like fun and I wanted to experience what it was like after my character started succeeding out at night. Maybe she was right. It couldn't hurt to get out. 

So that night we went to a nearby bar. I was almost in shock to see Anna. She wore a tight revealing dress that left little to the imagination. I couldn't help but feel self-conscious next to her. I had just thrown on a t-shirt and a skirt causing myself to look incredibly plain comparatively. 

We started off with a few drinks between the two of us, but as the night wore on it turned into many drinks, bought by the scores of men who approached Anna. I wasn't sure if they were buying me a drink just so as not to appear rude or as an actual offer. 

As my head grew heavy from the drinks, Anna slid over beside me. Her breath was doused in alcohol and her words slurred ever so slightly. 

'I'm gonna go home with this guy, okay? And he has a friend who would really like to go home with you, okay? 

My heart beat faster in my chest as I looked back at her. This was it. 

'Uh... yeah, okay, I guess.' 

'Good!' 

She hugged me before fumbling to grab my hand and pulled me along behind her. The next half an hour seemed a blur, but soon I found myself in a room alone with the guy's friend. If I was to be completely honest, he wasn't that bad looking. Although, I was too horny and too drunk to really care. 

We both stripped down while he fumbled with a condom, and soon I was on my back with my legs wrapped around him. His cock deep inside me, rubbing against every sensitive nerve that had gone so long without this as he moved in and out of me. Thrusting deeper and deeper in a sweat infused haze. His breath growing heavier until he stopped, his cock pulsing; the condom filling up with his cum. 

As he pulled out of me, I lay there, satisfied beyond what I could have hoped. It had been too long since I had done that. And once more, I was filled with that strange thought of all that time spent not having sex. 

Though, I didn't become a slut overnight. Over the next month I slept with maybe two other guys. Each time enjoying the experience more than the last. I could see why Anna did this so often, and the fear that I had built up in my mind of going out to pick up seemed to erode. 

And so I found myself going out to pick up a fourth guy. 

We collapsed back onto the bed. My hair stuck to my back with sweat. His cock still inside me. He slowly withdrew from me, a trail of my juices still clinging to him. I rolled over onto my back as he pulled the condom off. It was filled with so much creamy, white cum. He tied the end off and threw it into the bin before laying down beside me. 

'That was incredible.' 

I moaned in approval as I reached over to the bedside table and grabbed my phone. He let out a long sigh. 

'Leave the phone, love. It can wait.' 

'Don't you want to see how many points you got?' 

He let out a sigh. 

'Eh, I suppose.' 

The bed shook as he heaved himself over to the other bedside table to retrieve his phone. 

'I didn't do too bad, love. Almost at a new upgrade.' 

I, on the other hand, had reached an upgrade. 

'Yes!' 

I jumped up from the bed and found my panties scattered on the floor. 

'You're up in a rush.' 

'You don't mind if I head home, do you?' 

'Uh... no, no that's fine, if you want.' 

'Cool.' 

I slipped my panties back on and grabbed my dress. He settled back onto the bed, browsing his phone. 

'Heh, usually I'm the one to duck off early.' 

Once fully dressed I headed out, my eyes glued to my phone as I followed the stairs down out of the apartment building. The cool night air stung my cheeks as the neon nights of the night life glowed above. 

I browsed through my character's stat sheet. What did I want to upgrade? She could always use more attractiveness, maybe some seduction. No, I know. She had lost a few guys around the chat up phase, she needed more charm. I felt almost giddy to send her back out on the prowl with a new upgrade. I could only imagine what rewards lay in store the following morning. 

A billboard loomed overhead as I turned onto my street. Written across it in big, bold letters it read: Do your part for your country. Below it there was a picture of a smiling family with three kids. I wasn't sure how well that ad worked. It had been a nationwide campaign for a few years and there hadn't appeared to be any noticeable difference in the birth-rate. 

I lived in a strange time. I had heard a friend refer to our current international climate as a 'population arms race'. When I was very young, too young to truly understand what was going on, a war erupted. The title of world war three had finally been claimed, and it was as devastating as anyone could have predicted. 

I could remember learning in school that the population of the world was halved in just a few years from the fighting. Peace was reached more out of necessity than resolution. Some countries were on the verge of collapsing from such a limited work force, Britain included. 

The fear now is that a country will reach enough of an expendable population before the others and war will break out again. Every country wants to be the first, whether through corny billboards or vitals chips to reduce deaths from disease. 

~ 

The cool air had remained the next day as I headed into work. I bundled my coat around me as I stood waiting for the bus. I had just pulled my phone out as it arrived. Finding a seat, I set back into checking sexville. 

A grin spread across my face as my character returned. Two successful conquests in just the small hours since I crawled into my own bed. I would have to think about going out again and finding another guy. I could only imagine how much better my character could become. 

I looked around me, seeing others with their faces buried in their phones. I could see the familiar sight of sexville on the phone of the woman in front of me. I wondered how many people had this app? How many people did I pass through my day that led lives like me at night, powerleveling their character with nocturnal activities? Had my character visited any of the men on this bus? 

The thought sat with me through the day as I worked at my desk. Right up until lunch time when I found Anna in the cafeteria. 

'Hey, how are you?' 

'Good. Tired from last night, though.' 

'Oh yeah, what were you up to last night?' 

Her lips curled as she spoke, looking rather proud of herself. 

'I went back to a guy's place.' 

She clapped her hands together and squirmed in her chair. 

'Aw, I knew there was a little wild girl somewhere in there. You just needed a prod in the right direction.' 

I blushed at her words, but couldn't help but feel a little proud myself. 

'So you must have plenty of points in the app. Show me! Show me!' 

I handed my phone to her and she opened the app. 

'Oh yeah, you're doing well. Much better than me when I first got it.' 

She handed my phone back and pulled out hers. 

'Want to see something cool. Oh, I love this game! Every time I think I have it figured out I learn more. Check it out.' 

She pressed a few buttons on the phone and slid it over to me. On the screen it displayed her point score from the previous night. 

Hook up: 10pts 

Hook up: 10pts 

Player sex: 500pts 

Flirt: 1pt 

Rejection: 0pts 

Player sex: 500pts 

Creampie bonus: 500pts 

Hook up: 10pts 

I looked up at her. 

'Creampie bonus?' 

She grinned mischievously as she took the phone back. 

'We only had one condom left, but we both wanted more, so we did it without. I never knew it gave you a bonus for that!' 

'I wonder why...' 

Anna shrugged. 

'I mean, the game is all about being naughty. I guess the chip can detect that and the developers thought it would be a fun thing to add since they had the ability to.' 

She grew even more excited as she spoke. 

'Maybe it'll unlock something for my character. Maybe my character can now unlock creampies for extra points! Oh, I can't wait for tonight!' 

I was left to mull that piece of information over for the rest of the day. The trip to the doctor's practice that afternoon gave me even more free time to think about it. I was on the pill, and I had never done it without a condom before. The thought was a bit exciting. What would it feel like to have all that cum inside me at the peak of ecstasy? 

The thought of all those extra points was just as tempting. I could go out half as much and still generate the same amount of points. Or, I could keep going out as much as I was, and receive double the amount. The thought of that made me giddy. I would be getting upgrades every other day at that rate. Every time I logged into the app the first screen to meet me was the leader boards for the world. I had never considered that I would have a chance at that, but maybe just now I would... 

Soon I arrived at the practice and after another wait, was called in. 

'Hello, Emily, how are we today?' 

'Good. I've been well.' 

'Well let's check. Please, have a seat.' 

I sat down and laid my arm on the rest. The doctor opened up my file on the computer and rolled his chair back over to me. In his hand he held a scanner, which he held against my arm. A little beep went off and he pulled it away. 

'Now, let's have a look.' 

He rolled back over to the computer and read through the information. 

'No diseases... blood pressure is good... It looks like you're more sexually active then our last visit.' 

I felt my face go a deep red. 

'Um...' 

He gave a chuckle. 

'Oh don't worry, it's a good thing. I only mention it just so you know that an active sex life is good for your health. I would encourage it. Well, that appears to be everything. Just do exactly what you did this month and you're next check-up will be just as good.' 

~ 

I wasted no time to test out Anna's discovery. The moment I got home, I began preparing for a night out. I found the tightest dress I owned and my tallest heels. Before long I was stepping into a bar. 

I gazed around the room, eyeing which men I would like to go home with tonight. Spotting a tall, dark haired man with a chiselled jaw near the bar, I made my way over, careful to position myself in his sight. 

As the bartender made a drink for me, he appeared at my side. 

'I'll pick that up for the lady.' 

'Thank you. And who do I owe the pleasure?' 

'Michael, and you are?' 

'Emily.' 

I extended a hand to shake his. 

'Nice to meet you, Emily. So tell me, what brought you out tonight?' 

'What makes you ask?' 

'Well, you look like you're on the prowl.' 

'And what if I am.' 

I gazed back at him, holding his steely blue eyes. 

'Well...' 

Thankfully, he didn't live far from there. We were nearly ripping the clothes off each other as we burst through the door. I kicked my heels off as we went, finding myself having to remain on tip-toes to keep our lips locked. 

He led me through to the bedroom and threw me down onto it. I tried to wiggle out of my dress, but he gave me no chance, pouncing on me and pulling my breasts out from the cups of the dress. His mouth found my nipple, sucking and licking it until it was a hard little nub. He turned to the other to do the same as I ran my legs up and down his. 

His hands worked their way down my waist to the hem of my dress. He pulled it up until it was bunched up around my hips. His fingers worked around the crotch of my tiny, black g-string and pulled it aside. I could already feel my juices running down my thighs before I even felt his tongue dance across my sex. I gasped as he found my clit, teasing and licking it with expertise. I was right to pick him from the bar. 

His hand held my g-string firmly to the side as he withdrew his mouth and moved up on me. He grabbed a condom from the bedside table and moved it to his mouth to bite it open. 

'Wait!' 

I wrapped my fingers around his cock, feeling the warmth of it seep through my fingers. 

'I want you to put it in without.' 

'Yeah?' 

'Yeah, I want you to cum in me.' 

He cock swelled beneath my fingers, growing even harder. He threw the condom aside and positioned the head of his bare cock at the entrance to my pussy. 

With one quick thrust he speared into me. I moaned as every inch of him forced its way into me. Every bare inch. I wrapped my legs around him as he thrust in and out, lost to the pleasure. My mind filled with thoughts of him cumming in me. Shooting his load into my pussy. How exposed and vulnerable it would feel. 

Suddenly, his arm slid under me. My eyes shot open as he pulled his cock from me and scooped me up. He placed me on my feet and turned me around and bent me over the bedside table. Realising what was happening, I placed my hands on the table and stuck my ass out for him. My g-string had slipped back over my wet, freshly-fucked pussy. I felt him pull it to the side once more and thrust back into me. 

The bedside table rocked with our bodies and the room echoed with the slapping of hips. I thrust back into him, trying to force every inch of him deeper into me. I had never fucked so hard in my life. I wanted him to cum in me so badly. 

My fingernails dug into the bedside table as an orgasm washed over me. I was whimpering in ecstasy and barely noticed as he shot load after load into me. I came to my senses to the feeling of a warm wetness filling me up. It felt so satisfying. 

He stepped back, letting his cock fall from me. With it came a dribble of cum that leaked out of me onto the floor. Drops of white, creamy cum stained the wood between my feet. A strand of it still hanging from my pussy. It was such a sexy sight. It felt like I was growing even wetter just looking at it. I wanted him back in me right now. 

'Shall we go again?' 

I wiggled my butt at him, hoping that he would just take me there. 

'Give me a few minutes and we will.' 

He sat down on the bed and grabbed his phone out of his pants. My mind went to the app and all the points I would have just made. I searched around for my phone before remembering where I had dumped my things. 

I straightened up, only to feel my g-string push into the sticky mess that was my pussy. I pulled it down and stepped out of it. Smeared cum stained the inside of it. 

Wasting no time, I stepped out of the room and headed for the door where I had dropped my handbag with my heels. I knelt down and fished the phone out. Sure enough, it was right there when I opened the app. Creampie bonus. I could only imagine how many things I could buy in game with all the points I had just received. And if we did it a second time... 

As I stood up I felt a large drop of cum leak out of me. It left a trail down the inside of my thigh as I walked back to his room. I couldn't stop smiling at how dirty I felt with it. 

~ 

As the months went by, I only furthered to increase the amount of nights that I went out to hook up. I never used a condom again after learning about the creampie bonus. Although, I couldn't help but wonder how far that knowledge had spread. 

I had taken many men to bed, and many of them were surprised to see the bonus show up on their app. Each of them would have taken that knowledge and told each woman they bedded, and so on. My thoughts on the trip to work turned from 'how many people around me are using the app' to 'how many women around me are crossing their legs, not for comfort or to appear proper, but to keep any cum from leaking'. 
