 It was Monday -- again. And, I was facing my usual work day. I spent the whole morning over a batch of sales figures -- I work in accounting -- and then, finally, I rose form my desk and went down to lunch. The usual girls were already there and, as usual, Amy was holding forth. I slid in alongside Minnie and whispered to her, 

"What in hell is she going on about today?"

"Apparently, she went to the opera and she's bragging about it and saying something that I don't understand."

"What's that?"

"Something about the lady's room, I think. You know Amy, all you will have to do is to listen for another few minutes and she'll go over the whole thing again."

I picked up my ears and listened to what Amy was saying. It was something about a particular lady's room at the opera house. She was going on about the terrific sexual experiences` she had and how she couldn't wait to go back. I couldn't get all that she was saying, but I did catch something about a toilet with holes in the walls. How that would bring on a sexual experience, I didn't know. Of course, most of us gave Amy's tales a huge discount. She was always going on about how she was nearly raped or how the handsomest of men had invited her to his place and so forth. I, along with the rest of the girls, finished my lunch and trudged back to my cubicle. As the afternoon wore on, I got increasingly bored so I found myself thinking about Amy's story. Like a little child, I began to wonder if- just possibly -- it could be true. I love opera so I thought, "What the hell? I'll give it a try." 

So, that Saturday, I went to the opera. I bought the cheapest seat possible -- way up in peanut heaven -- and went in search of this particular lady's room that had fired up Amy's libido. I looked and looked all over that upper balcony area and I couldn't for the life of me find what Amy had described. Then, just as I was about to give it up as a bad try, I spotted a small door all off by itself. Sure enough, it had the green sign that Amy had told us about. It wasn't occupied so I slipped inside and sat down upon the John. I didn't bother lifting my dress for I didn't really have to go. I sat there for quite a while and was just about to get up and leave when I felt something touch my cheek. When I turned my head and looked, I found myself staring directly at a huge, purple cock-head! Some man had stuck his cock through a hole in the bathroom wall and it was right at my face!

For the longest time, I stared at that massive thing. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I knew that Amy was the horniest twat amongst us girls and I began to wonder what she would or had done in a situation like this. Gingerly, I reached over and touched it. I heard a huge sigh from the other side of the wall and this caused my excitement level to jump way up. 

I reached over again and tenderly wrapped my fingers about that thing. God, it felt really good to the touch. I could hear a voice speaking on the other side of the wall, but I couldn't quite make out what it was saying. It sounded like, "Suck! Suck!" I sat there looking at the head of this unknown man's penis and trying to guess how it would taste in my mouth. I had never sucked a man's penis before and in fact, I had never experienced a man's penis in any form or shape. I was -- at forty-nine -- still a virgin! As I stared into the single eye in the center of that penis head, I was becoming more and more excited. Before I knew what I was doing, I leaned forward, opened my mouth and took the head of that penis into my mouth! The owner of the penis lunged forward and drove his penis completely into my mouth and partway down my throat! I gagged and almost vomited, but I didn't. By now, the unseen male was moving his penis in and out of my mouth!

"MY GOD! He's fucking my mouth!"

I hadn't the slightest idea of what to do next, but, fortunately, that decision wasn't left up to me. I felt his penis begin to jerk and the next thing I knew, he was squirting his jism into my mouth and throat. I did choke then and a great deal of his stuff ran out and down my chin. Great Caesar's Ghost! I was terrifically surprised at just how good it tasted! So, when he pulled his penis out of my mouth, I unthinkingly used my tongue to wipe my lips.

I hadn't any more than cleansed my lips when a felt a similar touch on my other side. Sure enough, a second penis had been pushed through a hole on the other side of where I was sitting. There was no hesitation this time. I opened my lips and sucked that penis right into my mouth! Then, I was startled when I hear a man's voice telling me, "Put it in your cunt, slut!" That threw me for a loss. Just how was I supposed to do that? Then it dawned upon me that there was a perfectly obvious solution to his demand. I rose, bent over, pulled my dress above my hips and let my pants slide to the floor. It was a simple thing then to just back up against and onto that penis. Ooooh, it felt so good. I even pushed back harder in order for that thing to go deeper into my vagina. I waited for the man to begin fucking me, but he just held himself still. Suddenly, he said, "Fuck me, you bitch!" I quickly understood what he wanted so I began sliding forward and backwards on his penis. It was heavenly and I thanked my lucky stars for listening to what Amy had to say. Once again, I felt that penis begin to jerk and I felt it spurt his jism into my vagina. I was startled when my own orgasm exploded inside of my belly! It tore through every sense organ in my body and I understood why some girls -- like Amy -- felt that they needed this on a regular basis.I felt let down when he pulled his penis out of my vagina for I desperately wanted more sex. I didn't have long to wait. Evidently, this special room was known to a great number of men for they never seemed to stop arriving and pushing their penises through the holes in the walls for me to suck or fuck.

I spent the entire afternoon satisfying as many male customers as I could. Amy had used the term, 'Glory Hole' when she described this place. Now I knew what she meant. The next day was Sunday so I made the matinee and then, when that was over, I hid until that evening's performance began when I once more established myself inside of the, 'glory hole'! I sucked and fucked until the end of the show. I was almost totally wiped out by the time the show ended, but I summoned up enough strength to leave the theater and find the bus that would take me home.

It was a winter evening so the sun had set hours before. The houses and businesses that we passed were all dark and closed. Only the street lamps provided pools of light on the sidewalk and curbing. As I stared out of the window, my exuberance began to wane and my self recriminations took its' place.

"MY GOD! Abigail Spencer! For heaven's sake, what have you done! You have thoroughly debased and humiliated yourself! What on earth ever possessed you to knowing give yourself in such a heinous manner? You are ruined and everyone will see your embarrassment written on your face. You must never, ever go there again. Never, never, never!"

I was so ashamed of my actions that I began to cry. In order to hide my tears, I kept my face turned to the window. Somehow, my tears seemed to cleanse my soul of the terrible sin I had let myself commit and my self-flagellating thoughts slowly fled from my mind.

"Look, girl. No body has any idea of the terrible things you have done on this weekend. None of the men know who you are and if you will just keep your stupid mouth shut, none of the girls at work will ever know it either! If you follow your pledge and never go back there, this shameful episode will be forever closed!"

My shoulders straightened up and I began to see a light at the end of the tunnel. All I had to do was to keep still and this would remain my personal secret. I was certain that I would never return to that horrid room.

However, I didn't count upon the hidden temptations that every female carries within her sensual system. Days at work weren't too bad -- I could usually keep myself fully occupied, but the nights! They were unmitigated hell. Laying there in my bed, my mind would constantly replay my experiences in that dingy little room in the opera house. No matter how resolute I was, sooner or later my fingers would find my vagina and I would be frantically thrusting them deep within my vagina! Some nights, I would get up and retrieve my dildo and spend the night with that horrid instrument thrust in me as deeply as it would go. By Wednesday, my resolve to never return to the glory hole had become the attestation that, 'It wasn't really all that bad!' And, by Friday, I was looking at the theatrical section of the newspaper to find out what opera they were presenting on the weekend. I had completely absolved myself from any feeling of sinful behavior whatsoever. Thus, Saturday afternoon found me climbing up to the upper balcony in search of that infamous, 'Glory Hole'! I didn't realize then that my, 'Holier Than Thou' attitude had been worn a little thin by my basic sex drive. I didn't even feel ashamed during my bus ride home. To tell the truth, I was too busy reliving each of the sex encounters that had filled my afternoon and early evening. The sight of a penis being pushed through a hole in the wall brought titillations through my whole belly and guts.

I should have known that this situation was too good to last. On my fifth weekend in the glory hole, I nearly took a bite out of a man's penis. I was enjoying the feel of a big penis in my mouth when a furious knocking on the door broke my concentration. It must have frightened the man as well for he hastily pulled his penis back through the wall and I heard him running off. I reached up and opened the door. I expected to find the theater manager staring down upon me, but it was another person entirely.

"Look, Honey. You have been monopolizing this place for the last four or five weeks. Now, get out and give some of us others a chance! If you don't, I'll tell the ushers and they won't let you get within five feet of this place any more. You can bet your butt that they will do as I say because I've been giving them, 'freebies' for a long time and, if they want to keep on stabbing this pussy of mine, they had better do as I ask. Now get out of here!"

I slunk out of the glory hole and turned to leave. However, this rough baby was not through with me.

"Look, if this is what you have come to like and want, then the place for a cunt like you is, "The House of Lights'. They'll give you a shot at every kind of fucking that you can imagine. And, they won't ask any questions!"

I fled. My embarrassment reasserted itself during my ride home. I was certain that every other passenger on the bus could see my shame for I just knew that it was written all over my face. When I got to the apartment, I threw off my coat and flung myself across my bed. Once more, I sobbed in shame and humiliation. Finally, my tears stopped and I thought about what had occurred to me. Maybe that rough whore had done me a favor. I wracked my brain for the name of that place the woman had yelled at me. Then, I had it! The House of Lights! I jumped up off the bed and began searching for my telephone book. I wondered, 'Would a house that specialized in different sexual activities advertize in the phone book?' It would and it did. I read the small description under the title. Naturally, it didn't mention sex directly. Instead, it spoke of, 'Resolving Emotional Problems'. With the recommendation I had just received in mind, I could easily read between the lines to get the message of sex therapy. Happily, I noted that their hours of operation extended well into the evening so it would be very possible for me to make an appointment for after work. I got yet another pleasant surprise when a pleasant female voice assured me that no appointment was necessary and that the institution was open until midnight.

"We specialize in helping those who can't always come at one of the usual, 'convenient' times. Whenever you are free, drop in and see us. I am Magda and I am usually here. Just ask for me and I will be happy to give you all of the information about our place of business. I will answer one question for you now that seems to bother most of our prospective attendees. There is absolutely no charge for female attendees -none whatsoever so don't be afraid that you are going to be hit with a series of huge fees. Male students provide ample funds for the maintenance of our school. Please, come and let us help you."

I decided at that moment that I would definitely call upon these people. 

There was still another obstacle to overcome: the years and years of enforced personal shyness. I was constantly tripping over that hurdle. Even on the afternoon that I decided, once and for all, to actually visit The House of Lights, I just couldn't bring myself to open the door and enter it. I must have walked past its' entrance a dozen or more times before I finally gave myself a stern talking-to.

"Abigail, this may be your only chance! Now get your butt in there and see what they are offering. I don't think they are going to put you in chains or tie you down so you can always get up and leave!"

With that assurance, I stepped up to the large oaken door and pushed the ball. As I waited, I read the small brass plaque that was attached to the wall at the side of the door. It read: "The House of Lights. We provide assistance in resolving emotional problems." I had just finished reading this legend when the door opened and a very attractive young man stood there smiling at me. 

"I am Abigail Spence. I have an appointment to see Magda."

"Yes, of course. Please step inside. I am Magda, but I don't recall speaking with you!"

"No, I spoke to a woman and she told me to ask for, 'Magda'."

"Oh, I see. Here in the House of Lights, all of the working staff uses the name, 'Magda' so you could have spoken to any one of us. Don't be upset, I will set things right. Please, just make yourself comfortable and wait here for a few minutes."

He gestured to a chair and I was glad to sit down. In a matter of just a few minutes, he was back and gestured for me to follow him. He led me to some stairs that led downward into the lower floors of the house. 

"Follow these stairs to the bottom and then turn to your right. Magda will be at the desk."

He made no attempt to follow me as I started down the stairs. When I reached the bottom, I turned to my right as he had directed. I was looking into an office with one desk and two chairs and one woman. The startling part of all this was the fact that the lone woman was absolutely naked from the waist up! Then, as she stood, I was treated to the sight of an attractive, young female who was totally naked from head to toe!

"Please, don't be embarrassed. Everyone who is either on the faculty or who is present as a student will be without clothes. Abigail, is it?" I nodded. "You see, Abigail, our purpose here is to educate people in the procedures and pleasures of sexual activity. I know that our advertisement mentions emotional problems, but we restrict our efforts to problems involving sex. Now, at this point, I usually give a prospective student the opportunity to run screaming out the door. Will you do that?"

"I don't think so."

"Very well. Let's get started. I need to ask you a few questions whose purpose is to judge how much of our curriculum you will need. First: are you married?"

"No."

"Any children?"

"No."

"Do you masturbate? If your answer is, 'yes' then, how often?"

"Sometimes. When something happens to really get me horny."

"Are you capable of multiple orgasms?"

"Yes."

"Do you have any objections from some of the kinds of sex that are .... Well, rather extreme?"

"I don't truthfully know the answer to that question. I hope not."

"Would you be willing to masturbate at this moment?"

"Here?"

"Yes. If it is any comfort for you, I usually relieve myself about this time every day so I'd be more than happy to join you. By the way, have you ever heard of an ancient deity known as, 'Priapus'?"

"I don't think so. Who was he?"

"He was a male who was known for the size of his cock. By all standards, it was huge. Here, take a look. This is Priapus." 

She shoved a brass statuette across the desk at me. It was a figure of a bearded male in a cloak of some kind wearing short pantaloons a beard and a conical hat. The overall statue was about eight to ten inches high. When she removed that funny hat, the statue became a penis!

The woman looked at me and smiled. She pushed her chair back a foot or so and placed both of her feet on the top edge of her desk. This opened her knees and exposed her entire sex region to my fascinated gaze. She immediately produced another of these figurines and she began to toy with it

"Help yourself, but first, tell me how you first heard of The House of Lights.""

By this time, I was so horny I could not refuse her. I reached out for the statue and with an equally wicked gleam propped my feet upon her desk - thereby revealing that I was not wearing under garments of any kind. She began threading her statue into her vagina in a manner similar to one that she might have used to thread a needle. I watched in fascination as she slowly worked inch after inch of that statue up and into her vagina.

"Tell me!"

So, I began my story of the opera house and the glory hole. As I was talking, she kept on working her statue deeper and deeper into her vagina. I couldn't stand this sight any longer so I began working my statue into my vagina. Her statue was almost entirely inside of her vagina when she looked at me and said, 

"Isn't the feel of this metal cock great as I slides into your cunt?"

I gasped for that was the very first time that I had heard such expressions as these. But, I had to admit that whether it was penis or cock and vagina or cunt, it did feel amazingly good. As we sat there stroking our vaginas, she went on with her introductory questions as if nothing unusual were occurring.

"You may wonder at the title of this establishment. It results from our procedures. You see, each floor of this building is devoted to the study of just one sexual activity. Here, if necessary, we instruct in masturbation techniques. Obviously, you are well beyond that level. The first floor above this one is for the teaching of cunnilingus. The next floor is for instruction in felatio. Then, copulation followed by sodomy. Fisting is an extra and is practiced on the fifth floor. Our sixth floor is usually reserved for our graduation exercises. They involve male-male-female and female --female --male combinations."

"Am I required to take all of these courses or can I make some selections?"

"You are allowed to jump from one to another, but we do insist that you not back up. In other words, once you pass a stage, you are not expected to return to that stage. By the time our students reach the graduation stage, they normally do not need any further instruction. I'm afraid that I am going to have to ask you to wait for a little while. My climax is very near."

I had noticed her breathing becoming fast and shallow and I knew from my own experience that she was about to come. I don't know if she were watching me as close as I was watching her, but I was about to climax myself. I had been in The House of Lights for only a very short time and I was about to climax while masturbating in front of a hitherto complete stranger. Somehow, that added an extra spice to my arousal. 

We both pumped our statues faster and faster into our vaginas. I didn't usually make any sounds when coming, but, for some reason, this time I did. I let out a sharp yip and then a series of moans as my orgasm ripped through my belly and intestines. I wasn't embarrassed for she was uttering sounds that announced her orgasm as I was uttering mine.
