 Roberta smiled inwardly with self satisfaction. Mister Johansson's roughness had bordered on "rude" by House Standards, but it was allowable by the fact that the only other guest that could have been disturbed has been similarly occupied. And yet she had still performed properly and diligently. She had not even audibly gagged.

Gathering the silver serving tray, Roberta made a quiet escape back down the hallway and through the concealed panel back to the kitchen area. Placing the tray on a counter top, she used a nearby towel to tamp her lips and chin dry of what little saliva and cum had leaked from her mouth.

She examined herself in the wall mirror by the panel door and saw no traces on her uniform. She quickly ran a brush through her short red hair, understanding now why it would be kept short. If her hair had been longer it would have been mussed and she would have needed to take the time to fix it before returning to the floor.

Roberta felt the cuff on her right arm pulse alternatively tight and loose. She walked to the nearest wall screen and placed her finger into the activation cup. The screen came to life revealing Miss Spangler in her office. Miss Spangler had been assigned to mentor her through her first day as a full pupil.

"Ah, Miss Davis. Just wanted to remind you to take care of yourself and use the appropriate kit between services," Miss Spangler smiled. "You're likely to be particularly busy these first few weeks. The members have been waiting for you to take the apron off."

"Yes, Miss Spangler," Roberta returned the smile. "Thank you for reminding me."

The screen faded. One corner of the room had three small open stalls. Each stall had a small touchscreen. Roberta entered a code onto one and stepped forward, placing her feet on the circles that lit up on the stall's floor. There was a quiet hum as the stall scanned her. A panel slid open and a device slid forward at head level. The device looked like a very thin, flexible dildo on the end of an adjustable arm. The device stopped three to four inches from her mouth.

Roberta reached out and held the oral kit by the handle grip projecting from the the side. She pulled the device forward, guiding the last few inches into her mouth. She adjusted the arm slightly tipping her chin up. Roberta took a deep, calm breath and guided the thin phallus into her throat until her chin touched the base. The motion was smooth, but fairly quick.

Pressing the button on the grip, she felt the oral kit's phallus swell. Roberta felt a small volume of lukewarm liquid in her mouth and she knew that it was permeating out through the walls of the kit's phallus to coat her mouth and throat with a healing and lubricating fluid to a depth of ten inches. She knew from her training that the fluid would naturally follow gravity down to coat the rest of her esophagus as well.

She released the button and the phallus shrunk. She pulled it back out with a smooth motion and took a breath. There was a slightly sweet taste left in her mouth and she felt warm inside.

The House's alchemists had quickly formulated the correct elixirs for her body's chemistry and taken the few days necessary to properly adjust them to insure that she would always he in optimal health, optimally lubricated and slightly aroused. It was subtle. The arousal was not enough to be stressful, but enough - particularly when combined with the hypnotic conditioning - that she would enjoy just about any of the services requested of her.

As Roberta stepped from the stall, the kit retracted and disappeared behind a sliding panel.

For the next while she brought guests various morning beverages and snacks as they passed through on their way out. Several smiled at her on their way past. A few paused long enough to reach up under the hem of her uniform and appreciatively feel the supple flesh it concealed. A few made quiet, suggestively flattering comments.

"Thank you, Sir," she would reply with a warm smile.

"Miss Davis, would you come here please?" one guest finally requested.

He was a middle aged gentleman, perhaps late in his first century, with salt and pepper hair. He was standing by two other gentlemen about the same age, she estimated, in a small alcove secluded by tall plants. All three wore long casual robes.

Roberta approached them and curtsied.

"Yes, Sir?" She asked.

"If you would be so kind," he instructed, "as to bend over the arm of that lounger?"

"Of course, Sir," Roberta replied with an obedient, but warm, smile.

She approached the dark green velveted lounger from the side and bent forward, placing her hands on the arm for support. As she leaned forward, she felt the hem of her uniform rise past the top of her boots. She could feel the warm sunlight on her upper thighs.

Roberta kept her eyes forward. Through the plants she could see Miss Jefferson in another alcove waiting for her services to be requested.

A hand pulled her dress up the last few inches and threw it up over her back. The sunlight coming through the glass felt good on her exposed bottom.

The men behind her commented on the shape and quality of her bottom. Hands stroked and lightly grabbed the curves of her cheeks and thighs. She felt a finger part the moist lips of her pussy. Another hand pulled lightly at one her cheeks, spreading it just enough to expose her back gate. Then, for a moment, the hands were gone.

She heard fabric being adjusted and a gentleman's hand wrapped around the outside of her thigh. The head of rigid cock rubbed into the groove of her pussy.

"Miss Jefferson," She heard another of them summon, "would you be so kind as to bring us some black tea?"

Roberta's eyes were still straight ahead, as was appropriate unless instructed otherwise. He took his time sliding the full length of his cock into her, which was not in the least an unwelcome sensation. Roberta let her eyes shut half way and allowed herself to enjoy the thick cock slowly thrusting into her.

Her conditioning was having the designed effects. Roberta felt her pussy grow hot and wet almost immediately. She tried to focus on her breathing and control. She knew that was allowed to orgasm, she just wasn't allowed to lose control or make more than a minimum amount of noise.

Roberta felt his groin pressed against her cheeks as he bottomed out. The gentleman entering her commented in an unfamiliar language, she assumed to his companions, and began to fuck her with a torturously slow sensuality that Roberta had never experienced.

One of the other men sat in a nearby chair while the third sat down on the lounger in front of Roberta. With one hand, he reached out and cupped her chin gently. He locked her eyes with hers and smiled. Roberta's face was flush and she felt hot. The third gentleman kept smiling as his eyes wandered over her face. He brushed his hands up the side of her face and into her short, red hair.

Roberta bit her lip lightly, trying to control her breathing. The hand brushed back down the side of her face to her cheek and traced halfway to her lips. Roberta's lips parted invitingly. The third gentleman slid two fingers past her lips and onto her tongue. She wrapped her lips around his fingers and suckled.

The gentleman behind her began to pick up the pace. Every time he bottomed out in her now inflamed pussy, her body would lurch forward just an inch or two and the fingers in her mouth would be thrust in and out. Roberta quickly found herself wishing the third gentleman would use her mouth as the gentleman behind her used her pussy.

But it was not to be. Miss Jefferson returned with the requested tea and the third gentleman removed his fingers and turned his attention to the tea that was brought for them.

Roberta became aware that the gentleman thrusting into her from behind was approaching his finish. She would be left hanging. But, she reminded herself, her role here was simply to serve.

The two gentlemen sitting sipped their tea and watched her with brief comments back and forth in whatever language it was that they were using when she heard the gentleman behind her begin to gasp quietly. She bit her lip and took deep breaths as pumped cum into her. His orgasm stretched out for what seemed like forever. She felt his cum leaking down her thighs.

When he pulled out Roberta was only the briefest touch from her own orgasm. She heard him adjust his robes.

She heard his voice from behind her, "Thank you, Miss Davis. That was delightful."

Roberta attempted to control her voice as she replied, "Thank you, Sir."

But she had not been dismissed, so she held her position. Her body trembled in defiance of her will. She saw him sit down and pick up his tea, smiling with a satisfied sigh. Not another look or thought spent was on her. She had served his wishes and now his pleasure was slicking her thighs and dripping toward the top of her boots.

"Miss Jefferson," the third gentleman summoned.

"Yes, Sir," Miss Jefferson responded quickly.

"Clean Miss Davis," the third gentleman instructed, "so that I might take a ride myself."

"Yes, Sir," Miss Jefferson replied.

Roberta's eyes were still straight ahead, unavoidably looking at the third gentleman. The three gentlemen sipped their tea and ignored her. Roberta's body was aflame.

Miss Jefferson moved quickly to the kitchen and in only the briefest, most frustrating of eternities returned with a small steam tray. Out of the corner of her eye, Roberta saw her take a small hot towel from the tray. She felt the heat and moisture as Miss Jefferson slowly cleaned her thighs, careful to avoid touching her pussy with the towel. It felt wonderful and also helped ground Roberta, calming her lust to a small degree.

Miss Jefferson placed the used towel to the steam tray and knelt behind Roberta. She could feel her hands run up the inside of either thigh and Roberta prepared herself. She would be allowed to orgasm, but she had to maintain propriety and control.

Miss Jefferson used her mouth to gently cover Roberta's tender pussy. Roberta felt her lust peaking quickly. The three gentlemen looked on in amusement. She felt Miss Jefferson suck lightly and her head began to swim. Miss Jefferson sent her tongue into Roberta to seek out any of the first man's ejaculate - to clean her for reuse - and Roberta felt herself explode.

Her vision blurred and doubled as she tried to maintain composure. Her knees wanted to buckle. A cry of wanton joy desperately wanted to escape. Roberta dropped her head onto the velveted arm of the lounger so that it might aid her in stifling the sobbing explosion that sought to burst forth.

Miss Jefferson was quick about it. When she was satisfied that Roberta's pussy was clean enough for the third gentleman to use, she used a second hot towel to press gently against Roberta's inflamed cunt. As Roberta regained control, Miss Jefferson stood and used the same towel to tamp her own face clean and returned it to the steam tray.

The third gentleman stood and opened his robe so that this cock sprung out pointing at Roberta's head. He took the side of her head gently and encouraged to angle toward him. Roberta had never wanted a cock in her mouth as much as she wanted this cock in her mouth right now.

Her lips parted in a silent plea for him to use her mouth, and he placed the head of his cock just inside her bottom lip.

"Suck," was all said and all that he need to say.

Roberta slid herself forward enough to take him into her mouth. She played her lips and tongue around the head of his cock and let her mouth fill with saliva. She pushed herself forward slowly, quietly slurping and sucking. She pushed forward more still. She urged the head of his cock past the back of her mouth and into her well lubricated throat. Her face disappeared under his parted robes and her nose was pressed against his abdomen.

Roberta used her training to spasm her throat. It made her gag quietly, but she also knew from her training that it caused every muscle in her mouth and throat to undulate and stroke against his cock.

The third gentleman let a breath out. She felt his hands on her head as he withdrew. When her mouth was empty she almost whimpered. He moved around behind her. She kept her eyes straight ahead and could see Miss Jefferson bringing the steam tray back to the kitchen.

She felt his cock part the swollen lips of her pussy and slide in. Roberta felt him lean forward and reach around her. One hand was on the lounger arm next to her head and the other grabbed at one her breasts through the skintight uniform.

Roberta's lust was rising again.

He rode her like this for just a few minutes before standing and withdrawing. He grabbed her shoulder. She followed his lead up, around and down to her knees.

She needed no encouragement. Roberta reached up and used her hands and mouth together. His fingertips rested on her shoulders. She took her hand away and fucked her own throat with his cock until she felt him reaching his peak.

She pulled back and used one hand and her mouth to jack his cock until she heard him stifle a cry. Cum flooded into her mouth quickly. Roberta swallowed it all as she slowed her motions. When she felt that he had finished his orgasm, she buried his cock in her face and again caused her throat to undulate. He shook and gripped her head gently.

And then he withdrew and fixed his robes.

"Thank you, Sir," she said obediently.

As he returned to his tea, she knelt there. They had still not dismissed her.

"Miss Davis, back up on the arm please," the second gentleman said without looking at her.

"Yes, Sir", she answered and quickly assumed the desired position.

The second gentleman walked around behind her. She felt him pull one her cheeks aside and felt the nozzle of a lubricating gun against her back door. Roberta's ass had been prepared with a light lubricant earlier in the day, but she was glad to feel him push the nozzle in and release the contents.

She felt him place the head of his cock against her third hole and press slowly in.

During training, Roberta had not been sure if she would enjoy anal sex or not but she quickly discovered that she enjoyed it immensely if the cock was not too large.

The second gentleman was just the right size. Even so, she bit her lip in discomfort. Roberta had found that while she liked that initial discomfort and pain, it would disappear quickly and be replaced with a strange and pleasurable sensation.

But she would not enjoy this as she had thought she might. While the other two gentlemen had at least treated her as an object of desire, there was no gentleness with this one. He asked for no use of her training or skill. He did not waste any time and he thrust in to please himself. Her ass was just something to jerk himself off with.

Roberta had never felt so dirty. It was one thing to be trained for this. That had been almost like a masturbation fantasy. But the second gentleman was simply fucking her ass while she had to remain quiet, still and obedient.

He sped up and slowed down. She had hoped that he would at least be quick, but he was taking his time. The discomfort never went away. It never transformed into the wonderful sensation of having her ass fucked adoringly. She was just a set of holes to thrust a cock into.

Roberta tried to hide her discomfort, but she knew she was grimacing and wincing. She took long, deep breaths and tried to use the techniques she had begun to learn to transform this experience, but to no avail.

A fourth gentleman appeared. Roberta heard the second gentleman say something and the fourth respond. The fourth gentleman walked to Roberta's head and began to undo his trousers. Once his cock was free, and growing before her eyes, he placed his hands on either side of Roberta's head. She opened her mouth obediently.

Out of the corner of her eye, Roberta became aware of Miss Grey.

The second gentleman paused his assault while the fourth slid himself into Roberta's mouth. They hung there for a moment. Roberta felt someone moving under her and a small hand on her cunt. She was surprised to find that even now she was physically aroused. She felt who she assumed was Miss Grey easily slip one finger into her surprisingly wet cunt while a thumb began to massage her clitoris.

The fourth gentleman spoke, "The room is empty but for us. Feel free to whimper and moan. He hurts you, I know. That is what turns me on."

Roberta felt both gentlemen slowly thrust themselves in at the same time.

"I love the sound," the fourth and continued, "of a beautiful woman suffering. And even more when my cock is in her obedient mouth."

Emotions were beginning to overwhelm Roberta's training.

"A month is not nearly enough time to train for this," she thought to herself. "I am not ready for this."

Both gentlemen bottomed out at same time. Roberta's hands came up as she gagged on the fourth gentleman's cock. The fourth and second gentleman worked together to put both of her hands behind her back where the second gentleman held them. Now he was using her own arms to pull himself in and out of her ass.

Roberta felt her uniform open from her navel to the bottom of her collar and separate just an inch or so. Miss Grey had triggered the intelligent fabric of her uniform to open where only she could see it. She felt Miss Grey's lips on her belly. Roberta remembered how kind Miss Grey was during her training. She felt her clit being stimulated inside and out by Miss Grey's skillful administrations.

The second and fourth gentlemen worked together, thrusting in and out of Roberta mercilessly in time. Roberta let herself whimper around the fourth gentleman's cock, hoping that her suffering would bring him to release sooner.

All the while the gentlemen roughly used Roberta's ass and throat, drinking in her painful obedience, Miss Grey was below. Roberta put her attention there, on Miss Grey's loving attention. Her cunt grew hot again and her lust returned in full. The pain and discomfort turned to pleasure and even though Roberta could hear herself through a disassociated fog whimpering and felt tears running down her face to mingle with the drool being plunged out of her mouth and throat by the fourth gentleman's rude cock she felt an orgasm building.

Miss Grey traced a finger and seams opened and closed on her uniform. Her lips found a nipple, firm. Her breast free to hang from the uniform.

There was commotion and Roberta was suddenly empty. The second gentleman pulled out of her ass so abruptly she could barely stifle a scream of pain. But none of that was real. Only Miss Grey was real. There was noise somewhere off in the distance, but all Roberta knew was that Miss Grey had gently pulled her down to the floor.

Miss Grey's lips pressed her own. Somewhere in her mind she was aware that reality had turned somewhere but she did not care. Her own hands were on Miss Grey. Their tongues tangled wetly.

Miss Grey said something and both of their uniforms came apart and fell to the floor. Roberta pressed her thigh up between Miss Grey's thighs and she felt Miss Grey respond in kind. Miss Grey's face was as flush as her own.

Together, they spun until they were spooning inverted. Roberta rested her cheek on Miss Grey's thigh and ran her hands across her pussy. Miss Grey moaned. Roberta couldn't believe how good she smelled and felt. Instinctively, without thought, they each lowered their mouths to each others steaming cunts.

Roberta had never even kissed a woman before and here she was with her mouth passionately buried in Miss Grey's pussy while Miss Grey ate Roberta's pussy in return. Both were lost to each other, mindless to the world.

Miss Grey began to shudder and buck against Roberta's mouth. Roberta tasted Miss Grey begin to cum and went over the top herself. Her senses were full of Miss Grey's divinity. The taste of her, the smell of her, the sounds of her orgasm muffled by her own cunt and drowned out by her own screaming orgasm.
