 The next day, I woke up with the greatest feeling of my life for I knew that I was going to be involved in sex and nothing but sex from this moment on. I finished my usual routines and was just about to leave my apartment when a brazen thought struck me. I stopped dead in my tracks and after a brief consideration of my ideas, I suddenly put down the items I was carrying, lifted my dress and slipped off my panties. With a jocular flip of my hand, I threw them down onto the floor. Lordy, did that make me feel free!

I sashayed down the street to my regular bus stop and, once or twice, I nearly raised my dress to display my nakedness to the various passersby. I didn't, of course, but just the temptation felt good. When my bus arrived, I boarded it and took my usual seat. I had never paid much attention to the driver on the many rides I had taken on this particular bus, but, today, I was suddenly conscious of him peeping at me in his huge rear-vision mirror. He smiled and I smiled back at him then, out of the blue and before I knew what I was doing, I slid over to the aisle edge of my seat, opened my legs and pulled up my dress enough so that he was looking straight up at my vagina! His eyes grew wide and, for an instant, he was so distracted that we nearly hit the truck in front of us. When we reached my stop, he reached out to me and handed me some coins as I was getting off.

"Your show was worth a lot more than this, but you can ride free every day from now on."

I thanked him and strode off towards my building with my head held high and my spirits on a new level. I didn't care that he had seen my most private parts and I decided that we would indulge in this adult play every morning. I thought,

"Who knows where a little looking might lead? I wonder what he looks like? Is this how affairs start?"

At lunch time, I left the building and walked over to the nearby Metropolitan Library. With a little help form the librarian, I found several articles on the life of Messalina. I was struck by a singular similarity of our two lives. It was reported, that the original Messalina would wait until she was certain her husband, the Emperor, was asleep and then she would slip out and go to her own personal brothel. There, she would indulge in sex with any and all men who came to her. I thought to myself, "Messalina, isn't that exactly the excursion you are about to embark upon?" You will have sex every night after working the whole day long. It took all of my self-control not to detour into the lady's room in order to finger myself. 

As agreed, I arrived at the House of Lights shortly after my work day ended. Scylla took me in hand almost immediately. She stripped my dress off of me and led me into the tiled section devoted to inner cleanliness. She made me stand there naked while she examined me from head-to-toe. This made me feel somewhat uneasy because, as a nearly fifty year-old female who was pudgy and whose tits were sinking fast, I didn't like being looked at too closely. Then she left no doubt as to what was expected of me.

"Messalina, here in The House of Lights, everything we do is directed towards a single action. SEX! Call it the mating dance if you wish, but it involves one form of copulation or another. Now, get down on your hands and knees like the bitch that you are and I shall administer a wet kind of sex to your back portal."

She had taken a hose with a nozzle attached down from the wall where it had been hanging. I gaped at the size of that thing. It was easily two fingers wide and must have been several inches over a foot long! I sensed a feeling of fear and rejection begin in my belly.

Perhaps I was too eager to obey her for I immediately dropped to my knees. I felt the head of the nozzle touch my rear hole and then she brutally drove the whole nozzle up inside my rear passage until the hand guard slammed against my buttocks! I couldn't help myself. I yelped with the suddenness of her attack and the pain that it had given me. She didn't allow me any time whatsoever to get comfortable with this huge thing inside of me before she started a jet of water spewing into my very guts. I tried my best to get away from this instrument of pain and torture, but to no avail. Scylla merely moved forward with me and kept that foot-long tube solidly lodged in my bowels and guts. She ran so much water into me that I felt my belly beginning to expand. Finally, the water flow stopped and I was directed to rise.

"Now, void yourself!"

This was a most embarrassing moment for me. To be told to eliminate my bodily waste while another human stood there and watched – well, I almost refused. But, I didn't. Instead, I spread my legs, took a position over the large sewer grate and allowed everything that was in my gut to freely flow out of me and down into the sewer. Scylla was not happy with the result of her barbaric ministrations inside my gut so she made me kneel again. This time, I was certain that the enema nozzle had somehow grown in size! This procedure was continued twice more and each time, that damned nozzle got bigger and bigger. I looked long and hard at that last nozzle and I swear that it was at least as wide as four of my fingers. Scylla had been successively exposing my ass to bigger and bigger nozzles. Was this, too, a part of my training? At long last, Scylla indicated that we had reached our climax for she threw me a towel along with some nasty instructions about cleaning myself. Then, once more, she had me kneel. This time, she forced something into my ass that was much larger and thicker than any of the nozzles. I was just about to ask her what in hell she was doing when she volunteered,

"This is your flashlight. The room numbers are painted on the floor outside each room so in this way, you need not bend over to find them. Your room number is six. Don't spend too much time hunting for your assigned room for this light has a prescribed life before it goes dark. Get into the elevator and announce your name. The elevator is already programmed to take you to the proper floor. If you haven't returned here by morning, I shall come looking for you."

As she finished this little speech, she pushed me towards the door of the elevator. I wondered about her warning regarding my not showing up. Was it possible that I might be engaged in sexual activities throughout the entire night? Somehow, that possibility had not entered my mind and now, I was a little frightened by that possibility. Could I stand a night of sex? I wasn't at all sure that I could. I was about to get my first real lesson in just how well organized this house was. I looked everywhere for the elevator button, but I was unable to find it. Then the door opened automatically and I stepped inside.

"Messalina."

My name was all that I uttered. The door closed and, with a soft purr the elevator began to rise. It stopped almost immediately and the door slid open. They had told me that the upstairs of this place was dark and they were in no way exaggerating. As the elevator door opened, I saw before me a totally dark corridor. There was no ambient light whatsoever. Scylla had told me to turn to the left and that I did. It was really weird. I was walking down a completely dark hallway with only a small light patch on the floor where my internal flashlight shone. I chuckled as I wondered just what Minnie and the girls would say if they could only see me now!

I stopped in front of the first door and looked down for the room number. It was four. Two more doors and the number was six. I opened the door and stepped inside. I was acting a little hastily for I wanted some idea of what I was getting into before my light went out. It wasn't a very large room. In fact, it was rather small and, sitting in the exact center of the available space was a standard OB/GYN examining table – stirrups and all. That was the only choice. This table was the sole piece of furniture in the room so the situation resolved itself into either crawl up on it or lay on the floor.

I positioned myself on the table with my legs elevated and in the stirrups to the best of my ability. I hadn't any more than gotten reasonably comfortable when the light went dark! Suddenly, the import of what I was doing became apparent to me. I was lying here, naked, and awaiting some unknown male to come to me and fuck me. I was offering myself to him just as my namesake of centuries past offered herself to the men of Rome! A sense of excitement and fright raced upwards through my thighs, my groin and into my belly. By the mere fact that I was here and waiting I knew that my life was changing.

I could not see the ceiling or the walls. Like the hallway, there was absolutely no ambient light in this room. I wondered what the next development would be. Abruptly, I was startled by a sudden sensation. I could feel a draft of air moving upwards through my open legs! It touched the inside of my thighs and then the pubic hair that surrounded my vagina! The minute movement of my pubic hair delivered an exciting tickling to my genital area.

Suddenly, I realized that it would have taken a hurricane to ruffle my pubic hair and this must be the result of spectral fingers feeling my hair. Just then, those self-same fingers began every so lightly to rub the lips of my vagina. A thought flashed through my mind:

"Whoa there girl. Fingers alive or ghostly do not ruffle pubic hair around your vagina. They only ruffle hair around a cunt! Vagina is some kind of term to be used by suave, elite females. Females such as you have cunts and not vaginas!"

Those ghostly fingers proceeded up along my belly and then to my stomach. They began an insistent, but gentle, massaging of my breasts. The same thought as before hit me. Females like you don't have breasts – you have tits. Breasts are mammary glands fit for nursing the young whereas your tits are available to any and all males in order to arouse your sexual libido. So, gal, you and your predecessor – the other Messalina – have tits and a cunt because the both of you are CUNTS!! Whatever you call what we have, I'm getting as hot as a two-dollar pistol.

The realization that I was rapidly attaining my peak of arousal was caused by the humping of my hips and buttocks. My cunt wanted desperately to have something forced into it. I needed a fuck! Oh, how I needed a fuck! Someone must have heard my pleas for at just this time, something soft and slithery began licking my outer cunt lips!

I hadn't heard anyone enter the room, but I, obviously, was not alone. That tongue licked all around my cunt opening and it was doing nothing but drive me up the wall. I tried bucking my hips in a frantic movement so as to capture it, but to no avail. The owner of that nefarious tongue must have heard my unspoken wish for his tongue parted my cunt lips and – wonders of wonders – it began its' long slide up into my belly. It hadn't passed more than just a few centimeters into my cunt and I began coming. Only, this orgasm was unlike any I had experienced before. It didn't result in a gigantic explosion. Rather, it built to a maximum and left me hanging there. In one way, it was a constant orgasm, but, in another way, it was not very satisfying for it didn't deliver that final burst of sexual energy.

As I struggled to make that orgasm leap over the precipice, another wild thing leaped into my mind. That damn tongue had already gone further into my cunt than any human tongue could ever hope to go. And, it was still pushing further into my insides. I felt it when it struck my cervix and I felt it as it began poking all around that obstacle to its' further progress. The tip of that tongue finally located the small opening between my cunt and my uterus. There was no hesitation, that insidious tip promptly forced its' way through so that the tongue could slide into my uterus. I felt as if my entire belly was about to explode. I was as full of tongue as it was possible to be. That unholy tongue found sensitive erotic niches in my insides that I had not known existed and it explored every one of them. My pent up orgasms erupted with a fresh supply of sensual violence. I came and I came and I came. I was screaming at the top of my lungs as the violence of these never ending orgasms ripped through my sensory system. Yet, a part of my mind was constantly reminding me, "This is not a human tongue!"

I completely lost my contact with reality only to come back to a new and different experience. Not only had that tongue gone further than any aggressive item had gone before, but it was definitely growing in girth. When I realized this, I understood that the first tongue had been replaced by something else. Something that was swelling as it bored deeper into my cunt. I felt that I was already at my spatial limit as to cunt size, but I soon realized that this in no way was to be allowed to interrupt the progress of this massive worm. As I lay there, I felt this huge worm making its' way up into my uterus. I wanted to shout at it,

"Hey, you can't do that. You are going to split me open! You must stop!"

Only I, somehow, couldn't make myself say the words. I had half risen off the table and, when I realized that there was no use in trying to halt this monster, I fell back and resigned myself to a torn and ripped cunt. That didn't happen. Instead, a larger orgasm began forming deep inside of my belly. It grew and grew and grew until I was certain that I was about to explode. And, then,

"I'm COMING! I'm COMING! Aaaiiieeeeeee ugh, ugh , ugh."

I was sitting upright by this time and grunting with the passage of my orgasm.

Something occurred to me at that moment. I knew that I had been fucked by an unearthly creature of some kind, BUT I DIDN"T CARE! Whatever it was, it had brought me to the most soul-satisfying orgasm of my life. And, I knew something else. I WANTED THAT CREATURE'S TONGUE IN ME AGAIN!

A sense of peace descended upon that little room and I knew that this evening's festivities were over. There was no doubt in my mind but that a significant change had taken place within my body and my being. I wondered if I might not be a direct descendent of the other Messalina or was I just a whore with an immense and unquenchable lust for fucking. Had I always been this way and was too tightly reared to admit it – even to myself? The more I thought of fucking in all its' forms, the more excited over my new self I became. It took me some time before I could get myself back under control and get off that lovely torture table. My first impulse was to investigate the status of my cunt which I did with a finger. There was some tenderness, but seemingly no lasting damage. I stopped once on my way to the door to release some o f the sexual tension that my finger had caused. I could only laugh at the new – what was I? – Messalina or Abigail? As I made my way to the door, my flashlight came to life and it lighted my way to the elevator.

I must have looked like death warmed over, but Scylla did not speak a word. Then, after I had cleaned myself and donned my dress, she uttered just one statement.

"We expect to see you tomorrow night!"

I looked at her aghast. I had just barely survived what was supposed to have been an instructional session and here she was ordering me to return the very next night. At that point, I wasn't at all sure that I would even live that long. As I stepped out onto the street, I was glad to see a bus waiting at the curb. What I didn't understand was that the damned driver refused to open the door and let me get on board. Finally, he did open the door but only to tell me that this was not my bus.

"This bus is for another student of the house. Your bus will be along soon."

I told him in no uncertain terms what I thought of that, but it did me no good. As he said, my regular bus came along in just a few minutes. When I finally got into my apartment, I didn't even bother to undress. I fell across the bed and sank into a deep sleep.

That the people who ran the House of lights were unusual in all that they did was driven home to me the very next morning. After rising and cleaning myself. I noticed that a paper had been pushed through the mail slot in the door. When I unfolded it, this is what I found,

"If you are due some vacation time from your place of employment, you should consider asking to take a vacation and plan on spending it here at The House of Lights. Accommodations would, of course, be provided for you." 

Why did I sense that this was not a suggestion?

Later that morning, I made a visit to our personnel department. The kind woman I spoke to about my vacation time was amazed when she looked up my record.

"Miss Spence, you have accumulated the maximum allowable vacation time. I would certainly suggest that you take some of this time off our books."

"When could I start?"

"That would depend upon your section's work load, but I would think you might possibly start this very afternoon. I'm certain that your section head will understand, especially when I explain to him that, if you don't take some of this time, the company will have to begin paying you double time. That would be your normal daily salary plus payment for your vacation time."

That proved to be a very strong argument and, at noon, I left the office officially on vacation. Of course, all of the girls were shocked at the suddenness of my decision and there were numerous questions as to what I intended to do with myself for a whole month! I smirked to myself at the thought of how shocked they would be if I told them I was planning to spend every day and every night being fucked by some unseen suitors!

Indirectly, my decision gave me another minor insight to the House of Lights. When I arrived at the house, one of the Magda female took my lone suitcase and placed it in a closet in the basement. As she was doing this, I gained a look inside that closet. There were quite a number of similar suitcases stacked there! So, I thought, there are other females staying here! I wonder where they are and why I have never encountered any of them? 

"You might as well take off that dress and any other articles of clothing you may be wearing. Here, in The House of Lights, we all go without clothing."

She did a little pirouette step to emphasize the fact that she was naked. Then she continued with her little welcoming speech.

"You have picked a perfect time to arrive. You will just have enough time for your daily water sex treatment with Scylla before you are scheduled to attend a, 'get together' meeting. This much I can tell you. Your permanent number in the house is six."

With that, she turned and disappeared into one of the offices. I knew my way around sufficiently well to know how to get to where Scylla awaited me with her nefarious hose and nozzle. I think I pleased her when I appeared in her underground realm by promptly getting down upon my knees. I heard her chuckle at my willingness to debase myself before her. In less than a minute, it was a repeat of the day before only this time I was just a tad more relaxed than I had been. This gave me a chance to use my inner senses to follow more closely just what she was doing to me. The water flooded my bowels and lower abdomen as before. I was surprised because I actually felt a small sexual thrill at being invaded in such a monstrous manner. I was sorry that it only took two washings to get me up to Scylla's standard of cleanliness. As she was putting the hose and its' succession of nozzles away, she asked, "You know your number?"

"Yes. I am number six."

"That is good. The elevator will take you to where you are scheduled to go."

Recalling my previous experience, I wasn't surprised when the elevator began to rise. I was a little uneasy because Scylla had failed to equip me with a flashlight. I wondered just how I was expected to navigate around the dark corridors without even as weak a light as that other one had been. The whole question was answered for me when the elevator door opened to reveal a well lighted room with other females sitting there around a table. I stopped abruptly. I had not seen any other females in my very short time in the house. Yet, here were nine others – all naked – ranging in age from their early twenties to some I estimated at over sixty. Standing to one side was another woman without any clothing and, from her manner, I quickly surmised that she was a Magda! Her body was slim and, as with all of the Magda that I had seen, her pubic area was totally devoid of hair.
