 Roberta scanned the silver serving tray to make sure that everything was arranged properly. Lifting it with both hands, she turned toward the door and paused.

She had passed her thirty day evaluation and this would be the first time she met the guests as a pupil. It felt like a big step and Roberta was as nervous as she had been for that very first interview.

=====

It was the recommendation of a close friend that secured the interview. Roberta had been concerned that her lack of experience and training would be an issue, but it had, in fact, been an advantage.

"We've found that it is often easiest to simply train someone fresh. So long as that individual is willing to take the career seriously," Mister Colby had informed her. "Training is no small expense of effort on our part. We expect sincere effort, Miss Davis."

"I understand, Mister Colby, Sir," Roberta answered.

"Miss Jones has spoken for you," he continued after a pause. "Miss Jones has served superbly and she believes that you would also be a good fit with us. I understand that you are friends, so understand that it would not do for either of your careers to disappoint us."

"I understand, Mister Colby, Sir," Roberta replied. "I am grateful for this opportunity and will endeavor to meet your expectations."

"Very well, then" he had said rising from his seat. "Get dressed and return to Miss Giordano's office. She will collect the rest of your data and begin your initiation."

=====

Roberta looked at the tray one last time, took a deep breath and walked to the sliding panel. Taking a moment, she quickly checked her own appearance in the mirror.

The current uniform was a tastefully modified form of a late twenty first century maid's uniform. A simple short, long sleeved dress that fit her upper body snugly from throat to hip, but then flared out to hang loosely just above her knees. Her boots were elegantly seamless and fit snugly halfway up her thigh. They were designed to not only be visually appealing, but also to protect her knees.

The only skin exposed was that of her face and hands. The entire ensemble was black with a subtle pattern in dark red and cream. Roberta was thankful that the ensemble was made of a modern micro-weave instead of the more traditionally period latex.

She stepped forward and the panel shifted aside with an almost inaudible swish and glided down the short hallway to the common room, a solarium, that she had been assigned to for the morning. Most of the guests would just be pausing briefly to take coffee and a light breakfast on their way out, but a few may desire other services.

Roberta had observed all of the House's activities in the past month. At first she had found it distracting, but she had quickly acclimated. There were rules and expectations of decorum in Houses such as this one. Each had variations, or "House Rules", that guests knew to check about when they took up residency.

Until this morning Roberta's uniform had included a small white apron. She had learned during her orientation that the apron was a commonly recognized signal that a servant was for domestic services only. Not wearing a white apron indicated that the servant was available for any services offered by the House.

There were three guests sitting together enjoying the sunlight with coffee cups. She had nothing to worry about. She had passed her thirty day evaluation. She knew what was expected of her and she only had to do as she had been trained.

Roberta approached the gentlemen and placed the tray down quietly on the table between them. Two of the gentlemen were conversing casually in an Atlantic dialect. Miss Jefferson was kneeling in front of the third gentleman, an older man, who was smiling and quietly enjoying her skillful attention.

She lifted the pot and quietly asked, "Coffee?"

One of the gentlemen looked at his wrist and shook his head saying something to the other as he put his cup down. The other, a blonde haired gentleman, put his cup down nearer to Roberta and nodded in her direction. As she was refilling his cup his companion rose to leave. They said their goodbyes and the blonde gentleman sat back down.

"Are you enjoying your breakfast, Lucas?" he asked while stirring cream into his cup.

The older gentlemen lifted his eyes and said, "Indeed I am. I like to take my time in the mornings when I can."

Miss Jefferson's head bobbed slowly in his lap. Her hand was closed in a loose fist, stroking Mister Lucas' cock.

"Will there be anything else, Sir," Roberta asked quietly.

The blonde looked at his wrist.

"I don't have a lot of time," he said with a light accent, "but I'll have what he's having."

The blonde opened his trousers as Roberta slid to her knees at his feet. Watching his associate being served had obviously aroused him.

She wrapped her hand around his cock and pressed her moist, pursed lips against the tip. He rested one hand on the back of her head as she pushed her lips down around the head. Roberta slid her mouth up and down to get the saliva in her mouth flowing. With each nod of her head she slid lower onto his cock until he was almost to the entrance of her throat.

Roberta carefully let just enough saliva out of her mouth to lubricate the shaft of the blonde's cock, but not so much as to leave a damp spot on his trousers, and began stroking the shaft while rotating her lips and tongue around the base of the head.

Being in a common room, she had been instructed that it would be rude to disturb or unduly distract other guests. Services must be rendered reasonably quietly. The guests understood this as well. All that could be heard was deep breathing and the occasional quiet fellatrix hum.

The blonde looked at his wrist and sighed. Roberta felt him place both hands on her head just behind her ears. She had been trained for this. She slid her hands behind her back to give the blonde full control of her head and tried to relax.

The first few thrusts were slow and shallow. Each time the blonde pulled his cock most of the way out so that the returning thrust would pass the head through the tight ring of Roberta's lips.

The fourth thrust was slow but went deeper. On the fifth thrust Roberta felt the blonde pull her head down as he thrust his cock up into her mouth. Roberta relaxed. She knew what was coming.

The blonde pulled Roberta's head down further as he thrust up slowly. Roberta felt his rigid cock slip past her throat's gate and into her throat. She felt her lips press against the fabric of his trousers. He pulled out as slowly as he had thrust in.

The blonde continued thrusting into Roberta's throat, slowly picking up the pace until she could tell he was about to burst.

The blonde buried his cock as deeply into Roberta's throat as he could and made only the smallest of motions, using just her throat to jerk himself the rest of the way. Roberta tried to stay relaxed, ignoring her need for air, as she felt his cock thicken and pulse. He grunted quietly and hot liquid surged down her throat.

Tears steamed from Roberta's eyes. Now that the blonde had stopped moving she used the techniques she had been shown to take some air, but still he held her face tight to his lap. Roberta began to feel dizzy and there was a buzzing in her ears when he finally pulled her head back up.

"Did you enjoy your breakfast, Johansson?" the older man chuckled.

Roberta slipped to the floor gasping for breath. A calm washed over her. She noticed that Miss Jefferson was still taking her time.

"Ja," the blonde answered adjusting his clothes. "And now I must take my leave. Enjoy your day, Lucas."

Roberta collected herself quickly and stood up as the blonde, Mister Johansson, picked up his attache and left.

"Coffee, Sir," she asked Mister Lucas.

"No, thank you," Mister Lucas smiled. "But you finish what this one started."

"As you wish, Sir," Roberta answered obediently.

Roberta slid down to her knees next to Miss Jefferson. Miss Jefferson reached over and gently pulled Roberta's face in close until her lips were pressed against the side of Mister Lucas' rather large cock. Roberta silently hoped that he would be more gentle than Mister Johansson.

Roberta's lips slid until they were pressed against the both the head of Mister Lucas' cock and Miss Jefferson's lips. Their tongues crossed as they darted across the thick head and the pulsing cock slid from one mouth to the other. Miss Jefferson, a beautiful black haired woman with olive skin, kept her fist wrapped around Mister Lucas' cock as Roberta began sucking.

Almost immediately Mister Lucas arched his back. His orgasm took its time. Instead of a few fast blasts, there was an almost unrelenting slow flow of hot saltiness being pumped across Roberta's tongue. She kept swallowing until Mister Lucas finished. Roberta and Miss Jefferson both stood up.

They each said, "Thank you, Sir."

Mister Lucas smiled, adjusted his clothing and left the room leaving Miss Jefferson and Roberta to their other duties.

When he was gone, Miss Jefferson kissed Roberta on the cheek and whispered, "Well done, Miss Davis."