 CHAPTER IX

FEIKU KAME'S STORY

ACE LI brought down the golden chalice and swallowed the last of the cum as the crowd clapped and cheered. (And if you care to know how Kingu Heretsu rode Ace Li to that first prize or how she hopped away from a mad sex party with a dildo in her pussy, then you should first visit her earlier adventures.)

Kisaki Heretsu smiled graciously as the page girls took the chalice from Ace Li. "Take my cock and walk with me," she said. It was a great honour, and as Kisaki Heretsu set off across the lawn, Ace Li put her hand on the Queen's rubber cock (still sticky from her sister's pussy).

As they walked, pages flapped around Ace Li, removing her bridle and bit (and she stretched her mouth with relief) and pulling the tail from her ass (which made her cry "Oh!" and jump). Kingu Heretsu followed behind, still beaming at his victory, and Rona Li and Chicchai Washi and all the other guests and guards and servants trailed after the Queen and Ace Li.

"Tell me, girl," said Kisaki Heretsu. "Have you met Feiku Kame?"

"No, Your Highness, I haven't," replied Ace Li.

"Well you must," said Kisaki Heretsu, as they walked into the shadow of the red-brick wall. "Here is I-Guru Tategame. Go with him and hear Feiku Kame's history."

I-Guru Tategame bowed to Kisaki Heretsu, nodded to Ace Li and turned towards a small door in the wall. He was tattooed like the other guards, and covering his entire broad back was a gryphon rampant. His silk mawashi belt was blue, and his weapon was a leather love flapper (with a large hole shaped like a heart).

They passed through the door onto the bank of a broad river, its waters glinting in the low evening sun. They hadn't walked far before they came to a small copse of trees by an outcrop of smooth, flat rocks. Laying on her spread gown and masturbating, was the most amazing woman Ace Li had ever seen.

She had her face turned to the last warmth of the sun, her eyes closed, her tongue wetting her lips. Her tits were firm and round, the nipples pointing heavenwards. Her left hand was buried in her sweet pussy, and her right hand stroked her magnificent cock. Ace Li could have watched this fascinating creature made from all the best bits of men and women for hours, but I-Guru Tategame cleared his throat.

"This girl wants to hear your story," he said, stood over Ace Li's shoulder.

Feiku Kame propped herself on her elbows and looked at Ace Li. Ace Li, for her part, couldn't take her eyes from Feiku Kame. She was in every way the most beautiful woman she had seen, and not least because of her cock.

"I'll tell my story," pouted Feiku Kame. "Though my heart is full of sorrow."

"Why is she sad?" whispered Ace Li to I-Guru Tategame.

"She's not," he replied. "It's just her fancy."

"I'll tell my story if you kiss my cock and you kiss my pussy," Feiku Kame conceded.

Ace Li didn't know if she would be able to kiss both her cock and her pussy, but she vowed to try. Feiku Kame watched Ace Li through hooded eyes (one blue, one green) as the girl knelt between her thighs. Before Ace Li's nose, Feiku Kame's cock stood tall and proud. It was eight inches, Ace Li guessed, from the silky head to the thick base where her smooth balls hung. And below her balls, her full lips and the shocking pink crack of her pussy.

Ace Li found her head spinning with too many options and didn't know where to begin. She wrapped her lips around the base of Feiku Kame's cock, her tongue wetting her smooth skin. Then she ran her tongue the length of her pussy, feeling Feiku Kame open to her touch. Her nose nuzzled her balls as she flicked Feiku Kame's clit with the tip of her tongue, sending shivers through the woman, and she pressed her mouth flat against her mound.

Feiku Kame sighed and, laying back again and closing her eyes, began to tell Ace Li her story:

The futanari must be, every man's wet dream;
The body of a goddess, and there in between
Her thighs above her pussy, a fantasy come true,
A throbbing hard erection, just for you.

Endless possibilities, are yours to explore;
The secrets of a woman, plus a little more.
The breasts, the ass, the pussy, all for you to lick,
And when your tongue gets tired, a dick.

Ace Li's tongue was busy in Feiku Kame's pussy, and not yet tired. She greedily lapped the sweet fluid that ran freely into her mouth. But she didn't want to neglect her wonderful prick either. Pulling her tongue from her pussy, she ran her slippery lips up Feiku Kame's shaft. She kissed the head, marvelling at the naked woman it rose from, and closed her mouth over her cock. As her head bobbed on Feiku Kame's prick, the woman digressed a little:

Beautiful cum, it's yours to taste.
It would be wrong for you to waste
A single drop so hurry and run.
Cum of the evening, beautiful cum!
Cum of the evening, beautiful cum!
     Beau-tiful Cu-um!
     Beau-tiful Cu-um!
Cu-um of the evening,
     Beautiful, beautiful cum!

Beautiful cum, it's all for you.
And just when you think that I am through,
I'm hard again and I'm only begun.
Two bollocks quite full of beautiful cum!
Two bollocks quite full of beautiful cum!
     Beau-tiful Cu-um!
     Beau-tiful Cu-um!
Cu-um of the evening,
     Beautiful, beautiful cum!

As Feiku Kame sang her story, Ace Li cupped her bollocks full of cum, her finger slipping inside her pussy. Her prick was slick and slippy in Ace Li's mouth, her pussy closed over her finger. As Ace Li drooled over her cock, she felt her skirt lifted. She had quite forgotten about I-Guru Tategame. He brought the leather love flapper down on her ass with a resounding slap (he felt it was his duty) causing Ace Li to gag on Feiku Kame's cock. Then she felt I-Guru Tategame's cock pressing against her pussy (she had been, of course, without knickers for quite some time). Feiku Kame continued her story as Ace Li's mouth jerked around her cock to I-Guru Tategame's fucking.

Futanari University taught me the art of fucking;
The A-Z of intercourse, the different ways of sucking
On a guy until his balls were drained of every drop of cum,
Or the secret ways to take a girl to endless orgasm.
We studied elementary Het, Yaoi and, of course, Yuri,
But it was within the darker arts that I excelled, you'll see.

Mistress Oppai had the biggest tits that you have ever seen.
We'd stand in line and cum on them, and then we'd lick them clean.
She'd lay on us and smother us and there was no finer death
Than to worship at those mammaries until your dying breath.
Her nipples were as hard as little cocks and these we'd suck,
And she'd rub our pussies with them if we had a little luck.

Fuck me, fuck you, fuck me, fuck you, fuck the cunt inside my panties!
Suck me, suck you, suck me, suck you, suck the cock inside my pants!
Fuck me, suck you, suck me, fuck you, it's the futanari dance!

Ace Li pulled her mouth from Feiku Kame's cock and drools of cum swayed in time to I-Guru Tategame's thrusts. She wrapped her hand around the sticky shaft and wanked Feiku Kame as her mouth returned to her neglected pussy. Pre-cum ran over her balls to mix with her pussy juice and Ace Li buried her face in the delicious cocktail.  

"B" begins with Bondage and they'd tie me nice and tight,
So I couldn't move a muscle and I'd be there all the night.
"D" is for Domination and I was Mistress's to use;
There was no single part of me that she would not abuse.
"S" and "M" are Sadomasochism and I quickly learned
With nipple clamps and pussy whips and candle wax that burned.

Breast bondage was an extra credit for BDSM;
They'd bind my tits with ropes and then proceed to abuse them.
The Invader was a Fuck Machine, 250 RPM;
At 15,000 fucks an hour the fucking never ends.
Imprisoned in the stocks I felt my pussy burn with shame,
Anticipating when the torture would begin again.

Fuck me, fuck you, fuck me, fuck you, fuck the cunt inside my panties!
Suck me, suck you, suck me, suck you, suck the cock inside my pants!
Fuck me, suck you, suck me, fuck you, it's the futanari dance!

Ace Li moaned and her small breasts jiggled through her open blouse as I-Guru Tategame maintained his rhythmic fucking. She found her face bumping from pussy to cock as she struggled to divide her attention between the two. Her face was smeared with the pussy juice and cum that flowed generously from Feiku Kame's sex. The more Ace Li gasped and sucked, the more there seemed to be.

In the cellar lurked a monster, half alien, half octopus.
A cold and slimy ending was the fate of quite a lot of us.
Those wet and clammy tentacles were horrid on my skin,
But nothing to the horror when they forced their way within.
Three writhed within my pussy and my ass and mouth made five,
Three on my tits and cock – I'm lucky just to be alive.

Fuck me, fuck you, fuck me, fuck you, fuck the cunt inside my panties!
Suck me, suck you, suck me, suck you, suck the cock inside my pants!
Fuck me, suck you, suck me, fuck you, it's the futanari dance!

Heeding some earlier vice of Feiku Kame's, Ace Li had by now settled on her cock, and clung to it like a drowning man. She had become almost senseless to I-Guru Tategame's relentless fucking, and moaned in time to him around the dripping cock in her mouth. Feiku Kame oozed more cum onto the tired girl's tongue, and went on with her history:

We studied hard at lolicon and bestiality.
Urolagnia is difficult to say while drinking pee…

"That's enough about lessons," interrupted I-Guru Tategame, suddenly stopping. "Let's play a game!"

CHAPTER X

THE FUTANARI ANGLE

ACE LI found her mouth and pussy suddenly empty of cock as Feiku Kame and I-Guru Tategame turned her around and rolled her on her back. Feiku Kame knelt at her feet, divinely beautiful, her cock jutting past her navel. I-Guru Tategame knelt at her head, darkly handsome with his tattooed and muscular body, his thick cock sticking from his blue mawashi belt. He quickly removed the belt and then squatted on Ace Li's face. She was extraordinarily surprised to find her mouth pressed against a hot wet pussy. "I-Guru Tategame is a futanari too!" she would have cried out, but unable to do so, shoved her tongue instead into this unexpected pussy.

She felt Feiku Kame's cock rubbed against her pussy and she smiled into I-Guru Tategame's cunt as it was shoved in. Next there was some pleasant shuffling around, each movement revealing more of his cunt to her tongue, or inching more of her cock in her pussy ("And how complicated this all is!" thought Ace Li).

She felt a hand grope around her bottom and jumped when a finger was pushed into her asshole. She felt Feiku Kame's breasts brush her own and had the impression that the woman was now sucking on I-Guru Tategame's cock. At the same time a hand took hold of hers and pressed it against I-Guru Tategame's ass. When she didn't immediately respond (her head was rather full of pussies, cocks and asses) the unseen hand selected one of her fingers and helped push it in his asshole.

Ace Li was quite dizzy and had completely lost track of whose appendages were in whom, when she heard I-Guru Tategame say, "No, this isn't working. Let's try a different angle."

Orifices were emptied and Ace Li found herself lying on her back, gasping for breath in the evening air as the two futanari reorganised. I-Guru Tategame lay on his back and Feiku Kame knelt over his face. Ace Li watched as the man's tongue disappeared up her asshole and his hand went to her pussy.

"You come and sit on my cock," instructed Feiku Kame, squatting beautifully on I-Guru Tategame's tongue. Ace Li was a little worried for I-Guru Tategame's face, but she did as she was told, and with her back to Feiku Kame, the woman helped lower her onto her cock. With a helping hand on each of  her tits she slowly dropped herself onto Feiku Kame's prick as I-Guru Tategame's tongue delved deeper into her ass.

"Good! Now can you lick his ass? No? His pussy? Well, his cock then." Hinging forward on Feiku Kame's erection, Ace Li took I-Guru Tategame's cock in her mouth where it rested nicely on her tongue. "Now put your fingers in his holes," continued Feiku Kame. Ever obedient, Ace reached down. Her index finger slid in his pussy and her middle finger she pushed in his ass. She started to thrust in and out, sucking him in time. Feiku Kame pushed a finger in Ace Li's ass and she was quite enjoying herself again when her ass was suddenly vacated and Feiku Kame declared that it still wasn't working.

"No, there's nothing for my mouth," she complained as they untangled themselves. And Ace Li suddenly understood the game.

The object, of course, was to leave no hole unfilled, no cock unsucked. 

She soon realised that her companions were serious players as she watched I-Guru Tategame help Feiku Kame into a kind of headstand, but with her shoulders on the floor and her knees around her ears. Curled up like this, Feiku Kame's prick dangled enticingly a half-inch from her mouth. Her pussy was pointed at the sky, and I-Guru Tategame squatted over her and slipped the head of his cock inside. Pressing down he fed more of his cock into Feiku Kame's pussy, and with each little thrust, Feiku Kame's own cock crept closer to her lips.

Ace Li couldn't help clapping as with one final push from I-Guru Tategame, and with Feiku Kame's neck straining, her lips closed over the head of her own cock. "Come on! Come on!" called I-Guru Tategame, and Ace Li left Feiku Kame trying to swallow more of her cock and ran behind her.

Ace Li looked at I-Guru Tategame, his cock wrapped in Feiku Kame's cunt, and wondered how she could help. Bending down, she shoved her tongue enthusiastically in Feiku Kame's ass. But groping around behind I-Guru Tategame she found his pussy and his ass wanting, and that wasn't even counting his mouth. So she tried kissing I-Guru Tategame on the mouth and sharing her fingers between their various holes while Feiku Kame reached up and slipped her fingers in hers. She couldn't be sure, but she thought they might have done it. But I-Guru Tategame suddenly broke the kiss and said, "No, this isn't working either," and down they all came.

Over the next half-hour they tried many creative positions. Ace Li enjoyed Feiku Kame's cock (straight and long) and I-Guru Tategame's (thicker around and a little shorter) in her pussy, ass and mouth. She in turn licked both their cocks, tasted their pussies and their asses, and sometimes their mouths as well. She was quite dizzy, and wishing they had some of Kichigai Hatto's toys, or that the monster from Feiku Kame's story would rise from the river and offer a tentacle or two, when they hit on a winning position.

Feiku Kame lay on her back and by kneeling over her facing her feet, I-Guru Tategame was able to both put his cock in her cunt, and accept her cock in his. It was beautiful, and they seemed to forget all about the game for a moment and just fucked each other. Ace Li hadn't forgotten though, and no-one was fucking her, so she climbed on Feiku Kame's face. The woman's tongue was immediately in her cunt. Ace Li leaned forward and pressed her mouth against I-Guru Tategame's ass. Lapping at his asshole, she reached down and pushed a finger in Feiku Kame's ass. This (and Ace Li wriggling on her mouth) reminded her of the game, and she obligingly worked a finger into Ace Li's asshole.

I-Guru Tategame was about to call it off, when he noticed Feiku Kame's feet. He leaned down and closed his mouth over her toes, making her squirm on his cock and push her tongue harder into Ace Li's pussy.

"Aimph Thimph!" I-Guru Tategame said around Feiku Kame's big toe. And he thrust into Feiku Kame's pussy, doubly-rewarded by her own cock thrusting back into his.

"Weemph!" Ace Li said into I-Guru Tategame's asshole. And she squirmed her tongue deeper into his hole while rubbing her cunt over Feiku Kame's mouth and nose.

"Dumph Iph!" Feiku Kame exclaimed into Ace Li's pussy. And she thrust back joyfully into I-Guru Tategame's cunt as his tongue tickled her toes.

(And if you're finding it hard to understand them with their mouths full, what they said was, "I think we've done it!")

The three of them rocked back and forth in their winning position, their fucking gradually building in tempo. As they neared their climaxes the rules of the game were forgotten. I-Guru Tategame sat up to better thrust his cock into Feiku Kame's pussy. As she bucked her own cock into him she grabbed hold of Ace Li's ass with both hands and licked greedily at the girl's asshole. Ace Li wriggled her ass in her face and did her best to keep her tongue pressed in the crack of I-Guru Tategame's bouncing ass.

She felt his ring suddenly tighten around her tongue, and with a flurry of movement, she found herself lying on her back with I-Guru Tategame kneeling on one side of her head and Feiku Kame the other. They held their pricks together against her lips and wanked urgently as Ace Li tried to accommodate both cocks in her mouth. Her hands snaked up and found a pussy on either side of her, and she slipped her fingers inside their dripping cunts.

They came together, spasming on her fingers, and shooting thick cum over her tongue and over each other's cocks. Cum filled her mouth and flowed from her lips and ran down her cheeks. Ace Li swallowed it down as Feiku Kame and I-Guru Tategame rubbed their slick cocks together on her cummy lips. As the sun set and Ace Li's adventures were almost over, Feiku Kame and I-Guru Tategame, the woman with a cock and the man with a cunt, leaned over the girl and kissed, as they rubbed their creamy cocks together in Ace Li's sticky mouth.