 It's July in London when you arrive, the warm air gives off a scent of the coming rain...and the easy prey. You emerge from the cruise ship walking the docks at night taking an alternative route to the rest of the passengers, you know your goal, you know what you're looking for, and a pleasure cruise isn't it. 

You remember the artifact you found when chasing the men through the Iceland backwoods, what seemed to be a rather large stone puzzle piece, but for what is unknown. All that is was the last breath of the man before you snuffed them out, easily like a candlelight and the evening breeze. Your bags would be delivered to the residence at which you had contacted the month before, the five-star joint begrudgingly accepted the darkened room accommodations, for how long you would reside would be unknown. 

You glide along the docks with wide strides, darkened dress with a slit riding up the thigh, high boots with an almost knifepoint heel and a small silver skull on the back of each heel. Your low cut dress placing your breasts on display to a wandering eye to catch attention as after all, trying to hide would make you the easiest to be found for those which you seek. Your strides slow as you take on a certain scent, old blood...not too far and you lick your red stained lips showing the fanged points in the moonlight, you don't delay much longer. You come across what seems to be a part of the city untouched by time since the 19th century as the bronze linings for the windows, gargoyles hanging above, and near gothic architecture still reigns, you've found the trail. As you walk further the sense of being watched becomes quite apparent, so you give the onlookers a little fun. You dash quickly into the left alley, sprinting up through the brick buildings only to leap onto a ledge. You hear footsteps clamor after you only causing you to giggle harder, a left, a right, two more leaps and you stop, not even winded and notice three cloaked men run passed your spot. You stifle a laugh knowing they never had a chance.

You turn around only to have your breathe stolen as an enormous clock tower faces you, but with a modern office center to the left. Something wasn't right. "You've made it past the guards I see" a voice coming from seemingly every direction. "In due time you'll find what you need, come...we have much to discuss." The clock tower doors open at the base. You notice your dress riding lower on your breasts as the chase created quite a stir, you shrug and continue onward. 

The clock tower smells of incense and the marble covers every surface. A tall toned man comes around with two wine glasses filled with blood, his piercing green eyes and long fangs indicate he's been around far longer than you. "Take this, you must be famished." You wink and take the glass, though cautiously eyeing him up and down, he seems naive to it. His muscular chest showing pectoral cleavage from the top two unbuttoned notches in his white shirt, tucked into his tight black slacks leaving not much to the imagination beyond how that cock might find in your hands. All with oxford black shoes. An intelligently dressed man with mysterious motives, what an exciting evening this could turn out to be. 

"We are in need of someone with your skill set. We noticed your tracking in Iceland though we were powerless to conduct what you did. We'd appreciate retaining the key." He holds out a hand almost asking for it back. You reply after finishing your glass "Not until you tell me what it's for." Shifting and smirking noticing his difficulty with eye contact. "That's...not yet a concern of yours...not yet." You quickly quip back while getting rather close to his face and staring at him through your eyelashes "Then...what might be a concern of mine?" You say running your hand over his shoulder and up towards his neck."

"...some of our own...kind have been killing each other for an unknown cause...mmm...you must've seen this before...no?" You nod but still remain close to his chiseled face, almost untouched by time with a strong jawline tapered into broad sturdy shoulders, oh how they'd feel tensing up as they threw you onto a bed. The thought crosses your mind a time or two before you realize you've been staring at each other with an intense passion for nearly a minute. "miss...you have the most lovely aroma about you. In all my years I can't say I've come across something, more so...someone...so alluring." You smirk "Oh...is that so? I must say...we can keep it this mysterious for as long as you want, but clothing...must be taken off the table for negotiations." "I brought you here for a job" He whispers slowly but playfully in your ear while taking you in his arms. "But that doesn't mean it all has to be work now does it?" 

"I guess I could let down a little from the cruise, long hours of hiding and so many fresh bodies I just couldn't lay into yet...torture reall-" Your sentence is stopped and you inhale sharply as he kissed your neck and pulls you in closely. His hand on the lower of your back, pressing his hand into you while the other holds your head back. You run your hand through his dark black hair and whisper, "Why are you having all the fun?" and you move into to suck gently on his ear lobe. He moans softly into your ear as the sensations cause him to forget kissing you momentarily. "My Achilles heel if you will...you've found my weakness". His hand runs through your hair as your hands make mental notes of his toned features. You slowly undo his dress shirt until he pulls back and rips it away revealing a well structured set of abs, strong chest, and shoulders almost as broad as a door. You bite your lip gently and he lunges forward to kiss you passionately. Your lips meet in a heated moment as his full lips match yours like puzzle pieces. His cologne and natural musk mix perfectly to create a simply melting aroma about him. He pulls back eyes still closed only to open them slightly, "I've...been watching you for a while. Not just for skill...but you're by far the most beautiful woman I've laid eyes on." You kiss him again just wanting another moment in those dreamy arms of his, taking in his scent, trying to remember it for a lifetime. 

You both continue on kissing until he picks you up only to hold you against the wall, kissing you still as both of you carry on. After a few moments he carries you, still kissing your neck, up the stairs with a quick pace to this step, one...two...three flights of stairs until he kicks a door leading to an ornate master bedroom. Before you have time to take in all of the details of his room, he throws you onto the bed and your hands grasp onto his broad shoulders. You were right...this does feel nice. He continues to kiss you deeply as if he has been repressing emotions towards you for an eternity. You match his kisses and move your hands to his jeans, undoing his belt and zipper, you find he was already making motions to undo his slacks. You hear them fall but do not open your eyes for the moment is too pure. 

Your tongues swirl around each other's fangs attempting to not cut each other. He pulls back and pulls down your dress revealing your supple breasts already attentive with excitement from the moment. You look over to your right and notice his window looms high above the city providing a breathtaking view I wish I had more time to gaze your thought is stopped as he begins to kiss down your neck. 

His kisses become slower...and slower..until they reach your breast...he kisses the tips gently before sucking each one until they're hard. He kisses down your stomach...lingering just above your clit. He reveals his fangs only to bite your panties and pull them down over your legs with seemingly great skill and ease. He kisses from your heel up your left leg slowly until he reaches just above your clit again. He leans up to smile "You are simply beautiful my dear" he leans up to kiss you one last time before tasting your sweet juices.

"My darling you taste wonderful." He moans after sucking gently on your clit. He continues to kiss gently on it, every so often using his tongue to flick. He begins to swirl his powerful tongue around and around your clit. Every now and then kissing it gently. His hands move up and down your legs in unison, feeling every beautiful inch of you. "My god I couldn't get doing this to off of my mind since the moment I laid eyes on you." 

He continues to lick your clit with flicks every now and then until one hand removes from the pattern of the other and ventures upwards over your stomach, through breasts...and stops. It trails back down over your stomach...ever so slowly while he goes down on you. He brings it back up and brings it to your mouth "Please my dear" he says already knowing the both of you understand his intentions. You begin to suck on his long, somewhat thick with muscle, fingers.

"Darling you seem to have a talented tongue. I can see your negotiating skills were no joke, but let's see you put that to other uses" He returns to going down on you while he retrieves his wet fingers. He begins to run along your labia ever so gently before slowly inserting one finger inside of you. He slowly begins to come hither motion inside, while still kissing your clit. He returns to swirling his tongue around your clit before rubbing harder.

He inserts his second finger, joining in unison with the other as you moan. You stare up at the moonlight as it silhouettes your gorgeous frame. You hands grabbing firmly onto his hair let him know you're close. You continue to grind against his face and hand. You begin to feel the climax rise and you smile, showing your fangs in the moonlight as you do. "Mmmm how does my pussy taste?"

"It's fantastic my dear," he says before returning to his work. Your climax surges over you and you feel a wave of pleasure course through your veins and into your toes before numbing each limb. You shake as his powerful fingers continue to grind along your g-spot.

His tight black boxers slide off as you begin to feel his enormous member become rock hard. You smile with your eyes having a slight red glint in the moonlight. He straddles you as you stroke his fat cock above you. Taking it between your breasts as he thrusts gently. Each time the head arises you suck gently against it. I need this inside me you think to yourself as it continues to throb and seemingly continue to grow. You use one hand to tightly squeeze his balls and he hisses slightly while rearing back with ecstasy. 

You take in his enormous shaft, swirling your tongue around his engorged cock and he moans with intense pleasure. The moon continues to highlight your frame and you smile knowing that this man will forever be wrapped around your finger. You pull out his engorged cock to breathe, only for him to almost beg to you continue your skills. You continue to go down on him, taking in his full mass, feeling it slide between your tonsils as his hands grasp your hair. You pull back again to breathe and are prevented from continuing by his intense stare, "Please...let me have you".