 CHAPTER XI

WHO STOLE THE CUM?

ACE LI lay in the setting sun as Feiku Kame and I-Guru Tategame kissed and lazily rubbed their cocks over her lips. She would sometimes suck deeply on one or the other, as her fingers played in their sweet cunts. (And if you are any good at maths or biology you will be quite puzzled, and the answer to your confusion (not to mention the identity of the jurors -- what jurors?) lies in Ace Li's earlier adventures.)

Abruptly, I-Guru Tategame said, "Come on! Come on!"

"What is it?" asked Ace Li.

"The trial is beginning!" called I-Guru Tategame, who had already dressed and was running towards the palace. Feiku Kame threw her gown over her shoulders and ran after him leaving Ace Li with no choice but to follow.

When they arrived, Kisaki Heretsu and Kingu Heretsu were seated on thrones which were really elaborate lavatories, the bowls like gaping mouths. There was a noisy crowd there, and twelve jurors in the jury-box. Jakku Heretsu stood chained in the dock with a tattooed guard on each side, and standing before Kisaki Heretsu (who glowered at him) and Kingu Heretsu (who tried his best to look important), was Shiro Usagi, trembling with fear.

Ace Li sat down quietly with I-Guru Tategame and Feiku Kame. Looking over the jurors, she recognised her earlier friends. From the cock-ass race she saw Sono Nezumi, Deddo Tori and Shukke Gachou. Next to them were her sister, Rona Li, and Chicchai Washi. She recognised Biru Tokage by his wandering eyes, and sat next to him in his colourful kimono was Yakubutsu Katapira. Redi Obasan came next, her hands clasped over her pregnant belly, and next to her, smiling broadly, was Chi-Zu Neko. Finally came Kichigai Hatto in his bowler hat, Yayoi Usagi and, dozing on the end, Toguchi Mausu.

"Herald, read the accusation!" commanded Kingu Heretsu.

Shiro Usagi nervously cleared his throat, and then read from a scroll he was holding:

Kisaki Heretsu, she made some cum,All on a summer's day: Jakku Heretsu, he stole that cum, And drank it all away!

"Consider your verdict," Kingu Heretsu instructed the jury.

"Not yet, not yet!" said Shiro Usagi hastily. "There's a great deal to do before that. There's the evidence, for a start," and he pointed to a large table in the middle of the court. Sat in the very middle of the table was a large, golden chalice.

Ace Li gasped, and quickly covered her mouth. But it was too late. Kisaki Heretsu spotted her and, trembling with fury, she stood and pointed an accusatory finger (and an accusatory strap-on) at Ace Li. "You!" she bellowed. "It was you who stole the cum!" 

"No!" protested Ace Li. "No, I won the cum, Your Majesty!"

"Lies!" screamed the Queen. "Shit in her mouth!"

Kingu Heretsu scrabbled to his feet as everyone in the court started talking at once and turned to look in shock (and, for Jakku Heretsu's part, relief) at Ace Li. Kingu Heretsu whispered in Kisaki Heretsu's ear. Her expression changed from furious anger to angry frustration.

"Then," said Kisaki Heretsu when she found herself able to speak again, "Piss in her mouth! Guards!"

Ace Li was dragged to the front as the court cheered and booed. Pushed to the floor in front of Kisaki Heretsu's throne, she found her head bent back awkwardly over the bowl. Taking her time, and with a malicious gleam in her eye, Kisaki Heretsu straddled the toilet and Ace Li's face. She squatted, stroking her strap-on lewdly, until her pussy hovered an inch from Ace Li's mouth. A guard swatted her nipple with his tit whip and Ace Li opened her mouth. A hush filled the expectant court.

Kisaki Heretsu fondled her rubber cock as Ace Li looked up at her pussy and still there was silence. Then a little squirt of royal piss escaped and pattered onto Ace Li's tongue. She swallowed, and another squirt splashed into her mouth. Again she quickly swallowed, and then Kisaki Heretsu was flowing, her pee pouring down Ace Li's throat and (as her aim was not the best) splashing over her face. The court cheered as she pissed a regal quantity, drenching Ace Li who gulped down what she was able.

When the flow finally subsided and then trickled and stopped, Kisaki Heretsu settled her pissy pussy on Ace Li's mouth. She rubbed all over Ace Li's face to ensure that the girl didn't miss a drop. Finally, standing up and looking down on the prone Ace Li, Kisaki Heretsu proclaimed:

"And she will replace all the cum!"

Ace Li sat against the throne bewildered until Kingu Heretsu leaned down and helpfully whispered, "I suggest you start with him."

Jakku Heretsu, his wrists still in chains, was stroking his dick, delighted with the turn of events. Ace Li crawled over to the dock and took his cock in her mouth as the two busty pages arrived with the chalice. The court was in uproar as those with dicks took them out and began stroking. Jakku Heretsu sneered down at Ace Li and jabbed his cock in her mouth. But if nothing else, Ace Li had had a lot of practice sucking cocks over the course of the day, and she soon felt his prick swelling in her talented mouth.

Gobbling faster, she was rewarded with a mouthful of spurting cum. She was careful not to swallow, and leaning over the chalice, she dribbled his spunk into the bottom of the shining chalice. The court cheered and she moved on.

Rushing into the jury-box, the pages close at her heels, Ace Li knelt before Yakubutsu Katapira, knowing that he'd give her a good load. She closed her mouth over his cherry blossom-scented cock and began sucking him with the benefit of all his vice. She was going strong when Kisaki Heretsu appeared at her side and began jabbing her strap-on in her face. Ace Li knew better than to complain to the Queen about fairness, and maintained Yakubutsu Katapira's blowjob as best she could, while Kisaki Heretsu prodded her rubber cock at her lips.

When Yakubutsu Katapira filled her mouth with his sweet-smelling cum, Ace Li turned to add it to the chalice. But Kisaki Heretsu caught hold of her head and thrust her rubber cock between her lips. The court gasped (and some booed) as Kisaki Heretsu shoved her cock down Ace Li's throat as the girl tried desperately not to lose her precious mouthful of cum. At length she managed to shake the Queen off, and dribbled another load of cum into the chalice. But before moving on, she swallowed the surprised Queen's strap-on and cleaned it of cum. Not wanting to waste a drop, she spat it in the cup and crawled over to her friends from the sex party.

She knelt before Yayoi Usagi and as she began to suck his dick, she reached out a hand to wank Kichigai Hatto and Toguchi Mausu, who sat either side of him. She worked hard, sucking on first one man's cock, and then the next. Kichigai Hatto was the first to cum, and, holding on to Yayoi Usagi's cock, Ace Li turned and emptied his seed in the chalice. She returned to Yayoi Usagi, but as he too came in her mouth, Ace Li was shocked to see that sucking on Toguchi Mausu's cock as she bobbed gently on the Sexerciseball, was Kisaki Heretsu.

Ace Li turned quickly and spat Yayoi Usagi's cum in the cup, but it was too late. As she turned back, Toguchi Mausu came in the Queen's mouth. Ace Li cried out in frustration as Kisaki Heretsu turned to her, swallowed, and stuck out her tongue to show that not a drop was left.

Ace Li turned from the Queen and hurried over to her old friends from the cock-ass race. They were waiting for her, their cocks in their hands, and the girls keeping them hard. As she knelt between Deddo Tori's legs, Ace Li noticed in his breast pocket a little square of silver foil.

"Oh please," she cried as she saw Kisaki Heretsu approaching. "Can I please have your prizes back?"

Her friends were happy to help out, and tearing the foil, Ace Li quickly slipped a condom on each of the men's cocks. That still left two, and sat quite close were Biru Tokage and Chi-Zu Neko. She hurried them over and rolled a condom on each of their pricks. The five men formed a semi-circle around Ace Li and Kisaki Heretsu found her wicked plans foiled by their safe sex.

As Ace Li began to blow the five latex cocks that bobbed before her, Kisaki Heretsu, casting her eye around in desperation, snatched a leather slapper from a guard and, lifting her skirt, began to beat her bottom. Ace Li squealed, but would not be deterred from her task, and she kept valiantly sucking on the circle of cocks as slap upon slap landed on her bare ass.

One by one, Sono Nezumi's pole, Deddo Tori's fat cock and Shukke Gachou's thin one, Biru Tokage's and Chi-Zu Neko's cocks swelled and filled the rubber teats of their condoms. Kisaki Heretsu groaned and landed one last furious slap on Ace Li's ass. But as Ace Li unrolled the first condom and was about to tip it in the chalice, the Queen stopped her.

"It must be from the mouth," she said. "Everybody knows that."

Everybody nodded. Everybody knew that. But crawling over to help, Rona Li took the used condom from Ace Li's hand. She held it over her sister's mouth and emptied its contents, as behind her Chicchai Washi carefully unrolled the next. The cum flowed into Ace Li's mouth and Rona Li was careful to turn it inside out so that none was missed. Ace Li drooled the cum into the chalice, and opened wide as Chicchai Washi upended the next. Five times the girls emptied the condoms into Ace Li's mouth, and five times she added the cum to the growing pool in the bottom of the chalice.

Kisaki Heretsu looked into the chalice. "Almost," she said. "But not quite."

Ace Li looked along the line of jurors and realised that she had blown them all. Then she saw Kingu Heretsu, sat all alone on his toilet throne with a raging hard-on. Kisaki Heretsu spotted him at the same time, and Queen and girl raced over to the King, the page girls hot on their heels.

Kisaki Heretsu won, and Ace Li skidded to a stop between Kingu Heretsu's legs just as the Queen sat on his cock. She watched as before her blurry eyes his prick disappeared into Kisaki Heretsu's smug pussy. In desperation Ace Li pressed her face between their legs (Kisaki Heretsu's fake cock bouncing on her head). She stuck out her tongue, trying to get at his precious cock, licking at the point where it disappeared into Kisaki Heretsu's cunt. Her face was bumped and tousled between their thighs as Kisaki Heretsu rode the King faster. And then she felt Kingu Heretsu jerk on her tongue as he filled Kisaki Heretsu with the cum she so needed.

Kisaki Heretsu sat triumphantly on her husband's cock, the beaten girl between their legs. Graciously, she said at length, "My dear, if you want his cum so badly, you may have it."

And easing herself from Kingu Heretsu's prick, Kisaki Heretsu sat down again on his lap with her gaping pussy before Ace Li. The Queen thoughtfully lifted her strap-on, and Ace Li saw the first ooze of cum at the entrance to her pussy. Wasting no time, she closed her mouth over Kisaki Heretsu's sloppy cunt. The first of Kingu Heretsu's cum slipped into her mouth and, pushing her tongue into the slippery hole, Ace Li released more and more. She probed inside Kisaki Heretsu's pussy and searched out every drop of the King's cum until her mouth was quite full.

Turning to the chalice, Ace Li dribbled this last load of hard-won cum into the sticky pool at the bottom. Kisaki Heretsu leaned over, stroking the hair of the exhausted girl who slumped by the golden chalice, and examined its contents. "I'm afraid," she said, "That you are still short one ejaculation."

Ace Li raised her weary head. Looking over the court she saw Feiku Kame and I-Guru Tategame, but she thought, "If I start blowing the gallery, where will it all end?" Then, stood to one side and almost forgotten, Ace Li's eye fell upon her original tormentor, Shiro Usagi.

Summoning the last of her reserves, Ace Li climbed to her feet and rushed towards him. "Guards!" yelled Kisaki Heretsu, leaping up and diving after Ace Li. "Citizens!" The Queen grabbed hold of Ace Li and she, falling, caught hold of Shiro Usagi and the three fell in a heap on the floor. As Kisaki Heretsu pulled on Ace Li's hair, she took the wriggling Shiro Usagi's semi-hard cock in her mouth and began to suck him to life.

Startled into action, guards, jurors and honest citizens rushed round in excitement. The spreader was produced by the treacherous Kichigai Hatto and two guards proceeded to imprison Ace Li's legs. A pair of furry handcuffs were found and while Kisaki Heretsu maintained her grip on Ace Li's hair, her hands were twisted behind her back by two more guards and securely cuffed. Yet still Ace Li maintained her tenacious hold on Shiro Usagi's cock.

With a cry of disgust, Kisaki Heretsu let go of her hair, and grabbed a rubber heart riding crop from a guard. Redi Obasan immediately took the Queen's place, plonking her pregnant ass down on Ace Li's bottom and squashing the girl half flat. In her hand she held the dildo (missing for so long) and she pressed its realistic head to Ace Li's asshole and pushed.

Kisaki Heretsu brought heart-shaped smacks down on Ace Li's spread thighs and (with deadly aim) on her vulnerable pussy. Redi Obasan forced the head of the dildo in her ass and, twisting the control, felt the dildo jump to life in her hands and begin wriggling eagerly inside. Guards pulled on Ace Li's shoulders and hair and dragged at Shiro Usagi, but throughout this assault, Ace Li, with her hands cuffed behind her back, clung like a limpet to Shiro Usagi's cock with only her mouth. As another crack landed on her poor pussy and the pregnant woman squeezed the air from her and the dildo squirmingly violated her ass, Ace Li felt Shiro Usagi bulge against her desperate tongue and, like champagne from a bottle, cum in her mouth.

She lay there on his twitching prick, beyond exhaustion, trying to keep the mouthful of cum from slipping between her lips. A hush descended on the court. Kisaki Heretsu stood in shocked silence, the crop arrested in mid-swipe. The only sound was the hum of the dildo which continued to wiggle and throb in Ace Li's ass, but she barely noticed, so completely drained was she by the trial.

The golden chalice was placed on the floor and the two page girls gently lifted her head from Shiro Usagi's softening cock. Holding her head over the cup, it was all Ace Li could do to open her mouth and let the sperm drool from her lips into the slimy pool. Kisaki Heretsu dropped her head in defeat and a deafening cheer shattered the silence of the court.

And then Ace Li felt a strange sensation in her body.

CHAPTER XII

ACE LI'S ORGASM

Lying on her face in the middle of the court, surrounded by the Queen and King and all their subjects, her hands furily cuffed behind her back, her legs spread in the spreader, her skirt round her waist and the dildo relentlessly wriggling in her asshole, her face and hair sticky with cum, Ace-Li felt a strange sensation in her body.

She felt her little breasts begin to swell. Slowly they grew, and she found herself being lifted off the ground by her swelling tits. The court gasped as Ace Li was lifted higher by her huge new tits bursting from her ripped blouse. They grew and grew, lifting Ace Li's startled face higher and higher until, to everyone's relief, they finally stopped.

"Roll her over!" commanded Kisaki Heretsu and everyone gasped again as Ace Li was rolled onto her back and her enormous breasts thrust up from her slight frame.

"Herald!" screamed Kisaki Heretsu, in a jealous rage. "Herald!"

Shiro Usagi gathered his wits, tidied his cock away, and grabbed the scroll from where it had fallen. He mumbled his way down the scroll until he found what he was looking for and cleared his throat.

"Rule Forty-two! All persons more than a double-G will be fucked to a little death!"

"I'm not a double-G!" protested Ace Li, though rather unconvincingly, and "Oh!" as the dildo hit the spot again.

"You are!" said Kisaki Heretsu. "More like a double-H! Fetch me the Walrus! Herald, read on!" And as the crowd marvelled at Ace Li, bound and spread on the floor with impossibly huge tits, Shiro Usagi continued to read from the scroll:

She climbed into her sister's cunt, And rudely she fucked I. Five more she fucked in a pool of cum, And that's why she must die!

Two booby page girls arrived and efficiently removed Kisaki Heretsu's workaday strap-on and strapped her into the Walrus. Ace Li was wriggling on the dildo in her ass when Kisaki Heretsu suddenly appeared over the vista of her tits. Her eyes grew wide and she gasped in shock.

Strapped to Kisaki Heretsu was the mother of all strap-ons -- the Walrus! Ace Li guessed it was more than a foot long from its great domed head, down its wickedly-contoured pink length, to a base that she couldn't have got both her hands around (even if they weren't cuffed behind her back). It seemed certain that Kisaki Heretsu indeed meant to have her fucked to death. Kisaki Heretsu grinned evilly at Ace Li and knelt down between her spread legs.

Then swimming through that pool of cum, A cock-ass race she cheating won! She broke my house and then she cried, And that is why she must be died!

Holding the Walrus in both hands, Kisaki Heretsu nudged the head of that monster against Ace Li's pussy. It was smoothly curved so as to lure the unsuspecting pussy into a false sense of security. Ace Li opened to Kisaki Heretsu's advances, and the first eighths-of-an-inch pressed inside. But to Ace Li's alarm, the Walrus just got bigger and wider and kept coming. The Queen smiled with wicked delight as Ace Li tried to wriggle away, but she was caught on the Walrus. Little by little, the monster dildo squeezed into Ace Li's pussy, stretching her wider than she thought possible. Until at last, the girl's pussy eased over the monster's bulbous head and then it was in. Slipping onto the first contour, Ace Li heaved a giant sigh, and she was nearly a quarter of the way there.

Yakubutsu Katapira kindly gave the girl his vice! And how'd she thank him for that tasty vice so very nice? By fisting Redi Obasan -- I really couldn't lie. And so it's clear to all us here by fucking she must die!

Kisaki Heretsu leaned her body into her task and the Walrus pressed ever onwards into Ace Li's already stretched pussy. Sweat broke out on Ace Li's forehead and she took little gasps of air. Seeing her in distress, Rona Li and Chicchai Washi stepped from the crowd and knelt down either side of her. Pressing their soothing hands to her fantastic tits, each girl took a big nipple in her mouth. They stroked and soothed and sucked her as she battled the Walrus.

Having forced the head into Ace Li, Kisaki Heretsu rocked the monster strap-on back and forth. By fractions of an inch it worked deeper into Ace Li's cunt, deeper and wider. The dildo in her ass and the girls on her tits helped loosen her, and her cunt lubricated the Walrus's passage. One last ridge to clear, stretching her wider than before. Ace Li cried out and then it was past, and her pussy closed over fully half of the Walrus.

She gate-crashed the sex party of poor Mr Kichigai, She stole the Sexerciseball from them then she ran away! She rigged the pony racing before all of our own eyes, So it hardly needs repeating that that wicked girly dies!

The court "Oohed!" to see half of the Walrus disappear inside Ace Li. Crowded around the spectacle, more and more cocks were stroked back to life, more pussies fingered. Kingu Heretsu was the first to break ranks and kneel by Ace Li's head. He held his royal cock for her and she took it in her mouth. As she sucked on Kingu Heretsu more of the men knelt around and above her head and she found herself turning and bending to service each cock that was presented to her mouth. Rona Li and Chicchai Washi held onto Ace Li's great breasts against the tide of men, and Kisaki Heretsu strained and forced the Walrus ever deeper.
