 A long howl splits through the night air.

Her breathing was coming in short painfully ragged breaths. Blind terror caused her heart to slam against her chest as a sheen of perspiration covered her skin. She could hear her pursuer coming up quickly behind her, ready to devour her. She ran through the forest, trees flying past her as she searched frantically for some form of escape. Seeing a creek, she thought of losing her scent by running upstream. Frantically resisting the urge to scream or cry, she continued to run for her life, knowing he wasn't far behind her.

He continued to follow her, sniffing, and inhaling her scent. Her scent called to him like a siren's song, enticing him to feast, luring him to taste her delicate flesh. The hunt fired his need as he followed her through the forest, amid all the twists and turns. Following her scent to the creek, he realized she went up the creek to try to lose him and he growled in carnal lust as he prowled up the creek sniffing both sides or the bank for teasing whiffs of her. Finally, catching her scent, back on the bank, he continued his hunt, relentlessly.

A howl peels the night again, the full moon sets the scene.

Cold shivered down her spine and fear threatened to overwhelm her as a howl split the silence of the night. Running in earnest she started looking for higher ground, maybe a tree to climb, or some shelter to hide in... there had to be some form of sanctuary somewhere.

The brilliant scent grew stronger as he got closer, the meandering grew less and less, knowing his prey was tiring, focused on just evading. He ran faster to get to her, going to higher ground as her trail lead him.

Her heart was slamming against her ribs... breath coming faster and faster as she felt him gaining on her. Desperation spurred her on... panic began to set in.

Deep breaths filled the barrel of his chest, which is how he kept breathing her in. His tender morsel was so close he could actually taste her. He saw her shadow, just on the edge of tree lines ahead of him. 

She could almost feel his breath at her neck, she dodged frantically to her left. She sensed him nip at her heel, just missing her as she dodged and heard his guttural snarl as he turned, hot on her heels. She didn't waste any time by looking back ... She was running like her life depended on it... because it did. She leaped over logs and through the brush ... gasping for air...

Licking his chops, his eyes were focused on her. The thrill of the chase gave that extra speed burst needed to snag her ankle and trip her up. He saw her tumble and roll to the ground, He ran past her slightly, encircling her.

She rolled to a crouch, all the while keeping her eyes on him... panting trying to think of a way out. Too afraid to take her eyes off on him.

Moving, circling he sized her up, noticed the stance, the breathing, her eyes were alert and wide with fear. Without hesitation he lunged for her, wrapped her in his wings while his arms captured her, proud of the fight in his tender morsel.

Struggling against him, her body bucking, they rolled together, but she was unable to loosen his hold on her arms. 

Pinning her down to the ground, he licked her cheek. She froze and looked up at him and began to shiver in fear and anticipation. Seeing her response, his eyes flashed, nostrils flaring, he flipped her over, facing the ground, his body pinned her down and quickly responded to her bodies heat. Growling, he licked her neck up to her temple, tasting her skin, inhaling her scent and mounted her from behind. Shredding her pants, he removed all barriers. Driven wild by the chase, his hard shaft also, hunting and conquering its prey.

Her back arched uncontrollably as he entered her, causing her ass to tilt up. This provided him with better access, which he took full advantage of as his breath hissed across the back of her neck and cheek. 

Teeth bit into the back of her neck as his hips angled to slam every inch of his throbbing cock into her warmth, stabbing into her depths, working to seed her, breed her... claim her.

As she felt his teeth at the back of her neck, she shuddered. The primal act... so carnal, sent desire coursing through her veins. As he slammed into her, she couldn't hide her soaring passions.

With a feral intensity, he whispered, "Mine. When you cry a name, it will be mine! No one else's...MINE!"

Breaching her cervix, with a gutteral growl, low and rolling like the distant thunder, then louder, pealing the night air as he roared to the heavens and the gods, "Mine!"

Trembling with desire and passionate need... She couldn't deny him... She knew who she belonged to as she moved her hips with longing.

Slamming her hips and stomach into the ground, he pounded into her again and again.

Her body throbbed with an unrelenting delicious ache... need... hunger...

Giving her everything he was, everything he had, his wings draped over her body as the rush continued to build. In return, she took all that he was, all that he had to give. She was eager for his seed... her body was close to the edge and continued to build.

With a primal growl he bit down harder, marking her and making her his.

Her head went back against his chest and shoulder. She could feel the muscles move, the scent of him filled her senses... She practically sobbed with desire as her needs grew and built.

He continued to slam into her wet pussy faster and faster, his balls tighten and cock throbbed as his seed exploded into her fertile womb. Visceral primal hunger was driving him to ride her.

She was surprised to hear her own voice... begging and pleading for release. 

Breeding her, the violent eruption of his cum filled her quivering womb.

She felt his cum slam against her walls,... and she knew she was his to seed.

Biting her shoulder, sinking fangs deep, rending flesh, he drank of her blood as he filled her with his seed. Growling softly, "Mine. All mine. You belong to me! Give me what is mine... cum for me!"

"Tenebra!" She cried out his name as wave after wave of pleasure crashed over her.

He felt her walls clenching, milking his cock and coaxing every drop of seed into her fertile pussy.

"Tenebra!!" The name was torn from her and he kissed her lips as she screamed his name. He reached around and gently massaged her clit helping her to ride the waves of passion, sobbing his name helplessly. Eventually, she collapsed breathlessly, spent and weak. 

His great tail wrapped around her throat and he gently cradled her in his arms. His tender morsel was a wonder to behold, glorious in her passion. Looking down at her his grip tightened on her protectively as he took wings into the sky. She held onto him without fear, knowing she was secure in his arms.

He took them home, to the rabbit hole, their personal chasm of safety.