 Artemis, Greek virgin-goddess of the hunt, the moon, and the patron goddess of bears and forest animals, stirred restlessly in her bed of soft leaves. Her handmaidens move quietly through the trees, simply and quietly going about the preparation for the hunt. Artemis felt the movement of the moons and the seasons in the forest around her, and noted something of difference in the wind's tale.

A hunter was about, a hunter of animals, and of man. A true hunter, who killed not for sport, but for the glory of the hunt itself. Her dark eyes glittered. Such worship for the hunt drew glory away from her as the goddess of the hunt, and could not be tolerated. She rose languidly from her bed and robed herself with a long hunting tunic with a thought. A handmaiden handed her the long hunting spears she favoured, and the party took up their own spears. 

The forests whispered to her that the hunter was to the south, and so Artemis took flight as a deer, to spy out the hunter. Through the forests, she raced, feeling the flow of life and of the hunt as it moved her spirit, just as it had always done.

In a small clearing far south, a hunter, long alone in the world, and in the woods, laid to rest the bear he had killed. A bear's claws adorned his fists, and the dark paint of forest inks; gathered from the roots of flowers and brushes, adorned his skin as war paint. His only weapons were the bear's claws and the two knives strapped across the small of his back.

His body was the body of the forest, with sun-darkened skin and bright, knowing eyes. His flesh was marked in many places by the claws or teeth of his prey, including the mass of scarred flesh that bound his shoulder together, from his first kill of one of the black cats that hunted in the forests of the east. It's skin now adorned his shoulders to ward against only the harshest snows and winds.

As the hunter buried the heart of the bear in the earth, as was his homage, a twig snapped softly thirty paces behind him, and the hunter whirled around and leapt upwards, catching a low hanging tree limb and hoisting himself up into the cover of the green leaves. His brown skin was the colour of the bark, and so his was very nearly invisible. 

A magnificent doe stepped out into the clearing, beautiful beyond belief. It looked down at the carcass of the bear, and at the rough earth foretelling the shallow grave where the heart of the bear lay. The hunter turned to leave when several young dryads entered the clearing as well, young women adorned with the leaves and the berries of plants that were sacred to the forest goddess of the hunt, Artemis. The hunter frowned, and nestled back against the bark of the tree, watching through the leaves as the dryads quickly spread about. 

The hunter's pointed teeth bared in a silent snarl as the doe shimmered, and changed into the spectre of the forest goddess herself! The fierce virgin goddess who killed as often as she blessed. Her knowing eyes went to the trees behind her, and locked with those of the hunter. His yellow eyes snarled at her, then he blinked and was gone. 

The dryads gave a cry and ran to their mistress, who changed into a wolf and raced after the fleeing hunter. Within moments, she had caught up to him, but he leapt ahead of her again and again, and the fierce joy of the hunt was hers. The warrior turned to face the wolf as they neared a waterfall in the centre of the forest, and the hunter snarled. Artemis, still in her guise of the wolf, circled him curiously. 

He had obviously been out in the wilds for some time, and was just as obviously a part of the forest now, rather than a part of the world of man. There was an instant's silence, then the hunter tried to speak. His words were little more than grunts and growls, so long had he been without the speech of man. Artemis resumed her natural form, and the hunter's yellow eyes narrowed. She noticed his loincloth stir, and the virgin goddess raised an eyebrow. 

She was an immortal, and more beautiful than any mere human could hope to wish for. Her dark hair fell in perfect curls to frame her angelic face and pale skin. Her dark eyes would bring emotion to the coldest stone, and her lean figure bespoke of nothing less than silk itself.

Still, the virgin goddess felt the stirrings of Aphrodite's whims within her own body as well. The hunter stepped forwards slowly, when the goddess didn't attack him, or throw her spear against him. Artemis watched as the loincloth on the hunter began to bulge noticeably more, and she felt her sister goddess's whim rise up stronger. Aphrodite's lusts began to course through her body.

Artemis moved within the cave under the guarding curtain of water, and beckoned the hunter. He looked around at the surrounding forest, but no danger presented itself. He moved inside the cave, following the enchanting goddess.

The hunter paced up and down the moist stones of the cave as Artemis moved her hands about the rocks, shaping them to comfort. She lay back on the finished bench and beckoned the hunter closer to her. His growing cock pushed aside the feeble meshing of leather that covered his modesty, and rose before her eyes. A small smile lit the goddess's face as the hunter began to move over her, and felt the pressure growing against her as he lay on top of her. 

The simple ties of leather, leaves and feathers fell from her hair as the hunter sniffed her skin and his mouth opened, gentle despite his sharpened teeth. His tongue grazed across the bared flesh of her shoulder, and Artemis again felt the lust through her system. The hunter continued his exploration of her body, curiously tasting her skin and her scent, until he moved down to her thighs. 

As his fingers probed her, the goddess cried out against him, and her legs closed. The hunter snarled and pushed her legs open again, and slid upwards towards her. Artemis relaxed somewhat as he moved towards her face, but cried out in shock when he penetrated her. A minute of pain passed as he thickened inside her, filling her completely. The goddess gasped as he continued to move, and the pain lessened.

Her legs curved around his hips, and her heels pressed against the back of his knees as the hunter began to fuck her in earnest. It wasn't a lovemaking, but a purely animal act, the joining of the goddess of the hunt with a son of the hunt. Their movements became frenzied as the hunter's hands began to move over her body, running along her torso and squeezing at her breasts, her thighs, her neck.

The hunter arched his hips into her constantly, feeling her flex against his probing thrusts. After several minutes, the hunter growled low in her ear, as the sensations began to culminate within her. An explosion of light filled her entire body, and she felt herself burst against his thrusts. Her juices flowed around his thrusts, and an ecstasy enveloped her. Artemis sighed and lay back, but the hunter's thrusts continued, and she moved to leave him. 

The hunter's arms encircled her waist and held her there, until she shoved him away. She turned and reached for her discarded tunic, and as her fingers touched the soft fabric, she felt the hunter drive into her centre again, from behind. She gave a cry as sensation raced through her again, and shuddered in anger. The anger gave way to pleasure as he moved against her, moving his hips from side to side as he drove his length deeply inside her. 

His hands moved around her bend waist and grasped at her breasts, and Artemis quivered and writhed against his squeezing hands, and felt her entire body come alive at the electric feel of his fingers gripping her nipples tightly. The goddess moaned as the hunter's clawed hands raked along her hips, his strong hands holding her tightly. 

Artemis bucked against his thrusts, lost in the movement of his length within her. She felt the constant feeling of fullness as he drove his cock inside her repeatedly. She arched her back as the hunter growled low and forceful, and then his voice rose as he cried out. She felt his juices burst forth deep inside her, and the thickness lodged within her slowly lessened. 

The hunter withdrew from her and sat back, his cock falling low and heavy across his thigh. The goddess collapsed onto the smoothed stone and turned over, dragging her tunic with her to cover her modesty. The hunter sniffed and touched the rock, and felt the warmed stone. He gave a whine of surprise as his fingers showed blood, and he looked at the goddess, who rose and put on her tunic. 

A call came from outside the cave as the dryads poured out of the forests surrounding the waterfall. Artemis raised her hand and her spear appeared. She turned to the hunter, ready to strike him down, and felt a pulse of heady need move her. She lowered the spear, and the hunter moved to the back of the cave. His bear claws, still tied to his hands by leather cord, glistened in the darkness. The hunter watched as she raised and lowered the spear several times.

After a moment, she vanished the spear. "Know you of who I am?" The hunter ducked his head at her words, and moved forwards slowly. Eventually he was at he feet, and bowed low as he kneeled down. 

"Hunt...goddess..." His words were slow and faltering, but clear. Artemis nodded once.

"You have transgressed, and taken that which is not yours. You will be punished for this." The hunter nodded slowly, not really understanding. He was more a beast than man, lonely and tired, but a son of the hunt. Artemis drew him upwards into her embrace, and kissed him fiercely. "Thus I grant to you what you have taken, and gladly." The hunter tasted her tongue, and his eyes alighted. He followed her from the cave, into the bright sunlight. He looked to the blazing sun and shielded his eyes from its glare.

Driving his flaming chariot across the heavens, Apollo, sun-god and brother of Artemis, looked down and saw the hunter followed his sister out of the cave. Thinking his sister was about to be attacked by the fierce looking warrior, Apollo drew his sun-spear and plunged it down into the hunter's body. 

Artemis cried out and ran to her fallen lover's side, but the dryads keened and the forests shook with grief, for the hunter whose name would never be known was dead. Artemis, weeping tears of love, placed the hunter in the moon itself, where he would live on. When the moon is huge, and bright, and the power of the goddess of the hunt shines, the two lovers come together again in the moon, and their love is as bright as any sun. 

Thus was born the hunter's moon.

Author's note: I just want to thank absolutely everyone who has been so amazingly supportive and enthusiastic about my first few projects. It wouldn't be the same without you, especially the guys from the UK and NZ. I don't know who you are, but I appreciate you, so thanks.