 It's only been one week, since Kenji made Aoi into the happiest woman in the world. The two lovers had only known each other for about four years, around the time they started college. However, on the day of their graduation ceremony, Kenji proposed to Aoi that very night. 

Aoi had met Kenji when they were freshmen at college. Their school was located right in the heart of a major city. Aoi reminisced on how shy and nervous she would get around people back then. In fact, it was Kenji who approached her the very first time they met. Though, she still could be sort of an introvert, it was amazing how much confidence she gained through her relationship with Kenji. Aoi grew up in a rural community. She didn't communicate much with people except for her family, pets, farm animals and fellow local students. Going to college, located in a metropolis, was something beyond culture shock to her. 

They both had their first scheduled class of the semester, together. Of course, Aoi was too afraid to look anyone in the eye. She barely had enough courage to respond, when the professor took attendance. Luckily for her, Kenji noticed her. After class, Kenji approached Aoi in the hallway. He introduced himself with such directness and confidence that it threw her off guard. But, at the same time, she couldn't help but admire it. When Aoi gazed upon him she froze, like a deer in headlights. Her face blushed a full shade of red. She did not expect to meet a cute boy so soon; and what a handsome guy he was. He looked like a male character from one of those romantic dating sim, or anime, come to life. Messy light brown hair plopped on his head. A set of emerald green eyes that seemed to be glowing. Judging by his frame, he had a very nice muscle tone, but not in a way that was too muscular. A combination of cute facial features, with a nice manly frame, was a deadly combination that could most women swoon.

With an inviting warm smile, Kenji asked Aoi if she wanted to grab a bit to eat later. Not knowing what to do, Aoi abruptly ran off. During the rest of the day, Aoi mulled over what happened that morning. On the one hand, she was very unprepared for the situation. On the other hand, a wave of guilt was washing over her. That boy did nothing rude or mean. He introduced himself in a friendly manner and her reaction was to just rush off, without as much as a word? She had let her weakness get the best of her. How was she going to be able to make any friends if she flees from every person that says "hi." At that moment, she promised to apologize to the young man tomorrow. The next day rolled by, and sure enough, Kenji was there. She kept telling herself that she could do this. When class was over, the students were dismissed. It took Aoi all her endurance, but she managed to walked up to Kenji with a soft and very meek, "h-h-hi."

The young man turned around. "Oh, hello" he said, with another friendly smile.

"I, uh, wanted to apologize for yesterday. I w-was a little nervous and I sort of...I mean...umm" Aoi said. She was trying to muster words but was starting to fall victim to her shy personality. Thankfully, Kenji came in for the rescue.

"Hey don't worry about it. I understand. To be fair, I guess I was kind of direct wasn't I. I should have considered your feelings. If I made you uncomfortable, I promise never to make you feel that way again. Have a great day." He said and started heading the other way.

After a brief moment, Aoi spoke up, "Wait!" she said as Kenji stopped dead in his tracks. "I-I'm still willing to grab a bite to eat...you know...if you're still interested?" she said to him.

Kenji gave another million dollar smile, with a thumbs up, "Great. I know this place downtown that has this great view. Can't wait," he then gave Aoi directions and told her to met him around 5 p.m.

"Ok," Aoi said meekly. Did she just got herself a date? No way. She would have been surprised if she made a single friend, this semester, let alone a boyfriend. Boyfriend? That's ridiculous. She was going to have a nice friendly chat with a fellow student and there was nothing more to that...right?

By the time 5 o'clock came, the two met at a local restaurant that was fairly popular with students on campus. Aoi and Kenji spent the next few hours talking. Eventually, strangely enough, Aoi started to get comfortable with Kenji. She found it easier and easier to talk to him about herself, her interests, background, what she wanted to major in, and anything else the conversation took them. The meetup was going phenomenal. Aoi was quite proud of herself for talking with someone, like a normal human being, for once. To be honest, Aoi really liked Kenji's company. He seemed fun, smart, and most importantly easy to talk to. After a few hours past, Kenji invited Aoi to hang out with her on some later date. Aoi, minus the action of running away, happily agreed. However, she couldn't help but blush a little.

From that point on, one meetup turned into another meetup. One coffee shop here, another movie theater there, and some study sessions sprinkled in. Aoi noticed Kenji and her were spending a lot of time together, over the next couple weeks. She was shocked, yet ecstatic, she made a friend so quickly. However, little did she know, her friendship status with Kenji would soon evolve into something more. 

After a few weeks of knowing each other, Aoi suggested they go to an art festival being hosted on campus. It was a blast. There was food, games and various art exhibits to look at. If one didn't know any better, most would assume they were already a couple. The festival lasted 'till night where it would end with the releasing of hundreds of beautiful, colorful lanterns in the sky. When the lanterns were finally released, Aoi was amazed by the colors which illuminated the sky. It was a long while before the two realized they were holding hands. When they noticed this, instead of disengaging their palms, Kenji and Aoi stared deeply into each other's eyes. The two young adults locked each other's lips, together. For some reason, Aoi's mind almost went numb when kissing Kenji. Her knees started to go weak, as though some kind of outside force was making her body go blank with bliss. When her first kiss was finished, from that moment on, Aoi and Kenji were officially boyfriend and girlfriend.

When Aoi and Kenji were not in class, or studying, all their free time was spent on dates, dates and more dates. They did everything together. Went to the movies, dining, parties, going to sporting events and any other basic thing a couple on campus could do. This routine did not stop all year. 

Eventually, their freshmen year came to a close and Aoi's feelings for Kenji rose dramatically. Aoi spent her summer vacation with her parents, while Kenji stayed on campus. This was the summer where Aoi found out she was in love with him. The two spent everyday calling, texting, or face timing. This helped, but without Kenji's actual presence, Aoi was left with a void. By the time summer was over, Aoi never wanted to be without Kenji again. When she returned to school, Kenji had a big surprise for her. He suggested they should live together in their own apartment located on the outskirts of the city, near campus. Kenji said he talked to his mother, who apparently was wealthy, and said they could afford their own place together. Aoi happily agreed and the two have been living together ever since.

Their bond only grew stronger as they became an inseparable young couple, over the next three years. They now spent their summers together as well. Aoi was a little nervous when Kenji first met her parents, but to her relief, her mother and father embraced Kenji like a son. Even though Kenji's mother was apparently supporting their apartment, Aoi had never met any of Kenji's family throughout their relationship...strange.

Three years passed by quick. By the time graduation hit, Kenji insisted they celebrate that night by going to a fancy restaurant. The dinner was beautiful, romantic and stupidly expensive. All the makings of a perfect evening. That was, until, Kenji shocked her by getting down on his knee and pulling out a glorious diamond ring from a box. When Kenji proposed, tears of joy came to Aoi's face, as she gleefully said yes. Two of them embraced each other as everyone i the the room gave a congratulatory applause.

One week later, and Aoi considered herself the luckiest woman in the world. She was on her way to become a veterinarian, she had made a few new friends in recent years, and she recently got engaged to hrt perfect fiancee. Only problem was, her perfect fiancee had a secret that she could nether have even dreamed of.

Her fiancee Kenji wasn't a human...he was an incubus.

******************************************************************************************************************

Kenji was an incubus. A demon of lust and fertility. His mother was a powerful, high ranking, succubus that ruled over her own plain in the netherworld. Being a demon afforded him to wield extraordinary magical abilities which were beyond the capabilities of mortals.Succubus's, like his mother and sisters, were meant to seduce mortal men and women. But incubus's were built to seduce and/or fertilize human women. By the time he was 18 years of age, Kenji was ready to venture out into the mortal world.

Once he arrived in the mortal realm, the first thing he had to do was put himself in a position where he had access to as much human pussy as possible. Using magic, he transformed into his human form which changed him into the appearance he would have been if he was a human. His human state was more than enough bait to lure willing human's for some hot baby making sex. His cute boyish features would unleash a female's maternal instincts while, at the same, his manly assets that would make a woman ovulate on the spot. 

He looked like a cutely handsome 18 year old human male; so the most logical place for him to score human babes was college. It was early in the summer, so getting into a university would be difficult for anybody else, except him. Nothing was impossible, if one has demon magic. Getting a birth certificate here, a driver's licence there, was a snap. He used various hypnotism, teleportation and other persuasive demon techniques to acquire all the necessarily paperwork to officially be considered a real person in human society. He chose to go by the name Kenji Tanashi. A mundane name, as far as humans go, but one that would fit his needs. His mother, and other succubus family members, would often go with the last name Tanashi, and Kenji saw no reason to discontinue that tradition. 

Next, he had to enroll in school. He choose a predominant university located in a bustling city. No doubt, the pickings at this institute would be massive. Kenji walked right up to one of the school's recruitment offices, cast a few spells he picked up from his time learning magic, and influenced certain campus officials to give him all the necessary paperwork to fill out. True story. Of course, he had to take a few placement tests, but with incubus magic, he might as well have had a cheat sheet. Kenji got all the necessary papers, tests and information for an application. The hypnotized campus officials immediately approved his application and, within one week, Kenji was formally enrolled, as a freshmen, this up coming semester. He even got an acceptance letter.

Before he knew it, Kenji was one week away from classes starting. He chose to do an early enrollment which enabled him move into his dorm early. Excitement started to boil over, as students started to move in. Kenji mauled over the options, from sexy coeds to hot MILF professors walking around. However, he did not want to delve in too quickly. He was always taught that quality was always better than quantity.

Kenji spent the first few days either exploring areas around town, touring locations on campus, or locked in his dorm practicing some basic magic. It was a couple days until the start of the first class; Kenji heard knocking coming from the hallway. He opened his door to find the posterior of some woman banging on the door across from Kenji's room. He must admit, he liked what he was seeing. Kenji was only seeing her backside but woman across defiantly had some nice curves on her. She had the appropriate amount of chub that gave her the right amount of meat on her bones. Just from looking at her, Kenji could tell this woman was a verified MILF. Wide hips, complimented by a round bubble booty, made him lick his demon lips with sexual hunger. Looks like he found his first mortal women to seduce.

Kenji used his one of his abilities, a sort of demon vision, to see how fertile this woman currently was. The aura produced around her (that only Kenji and other demon's could see) was the color grey. Damn! That meant today was one of her safe days. How disappointing. He would've liked nothing more than to pump her full of his demon seed. The thought of giving a curvy cougar another child, to drop off to college in 18 years from now, was enough to make Kenji's oversize cock twinge. Oh well, beggars can't be choosers. Besides, it would be good to release some of the pent up jizz his over bloated balls were carrying.

"Hibari! Hibari! You in there? It's mom! I tried calling you but there was no answer. I just wanted to drop off some cleaning supplies for your room. Hello?!" the matron said with a bucket of cleaning supplies clinging to her hand.

"Can I help you, ma'am?" Kenji said leaning on his own door frame. The lady almost jumped, as she turned around to see who was talking to her. Kenji liked what he saw. The mature MILF had long purple hair, with equally purple colored eyes. Her face had a few wrinkles, but they weren't a big deal, as they only made her face more distinguished. Besides, who was looking at her face? Her busty chest was where the action was. Her bosom size worked well with her mature MILF frame. She wore makeup, a fake diamond necklace, a thick sweater that did not hide her tits in the slightest, jeans that were a little too tight for her thick thighs, and a pair of red shoes.

"Oh, hello. Sorry, you scared me a little. You must be my daughter's new neighbor. I was just dropping her off a half hour ago but I forgot to give her some extra supplies. It seems she already left. You know where she's gone, sweetie? She has purple hair like me," the woman said. If his dorm neighbor was as hot as her mother was, than Kenji needed to check her out sometime.

"No ma'am. I haven't seen her," Kenji said with a smile.

"Oh...I see...well, uh...." the purple hair MILF said, clearly flustered. No doubt, Kenji's intoxicating incubus pheromones were starting to work their magic on her. Her face blushed as she begun to notice how cute the young man was. She clearly was a women who'd been sexually neglected for years. By now, lewd ideas were being evoked in her mind. A dominant lust was awakening after so much time in hibernation.

"Well, if you want you can wait in my room until she comes back. I got some soda in the mini-fridge, if you want," Kenji said with a confidant smile.

The violet haired cougar was taken back. She knew she should decline, when a stranger invites her into his room. And normally, she would do just that. But something was holding her senses back. She got this strange feeling that was telling her to say yes, instead of no. What kind of young man just invites a random woman into his room so quickly? So direct, so bold, so...sexy. How could someone be so adorably cute, yet so manly at the same time. An absolute stud, that's what.

"S-sure, I guess" she said like a giddy schoolgirl virgin. She then walked into the hot boy's dorm. This was just a quick thing, she told herself. She would just chat with the nice young man, for a few minutes, and then she was gone. Nothing crazy was going to happen.

3 hours later...

"OH YES! FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARDER, BABY!!!" the ripe MILF shouted, at the top of her lungs. Kenji continued rutting his monster sized cock inside her soaking wet pussy. It was a good thing Kenji used a sound proofing jinx in his room. Otherwise, the whole dormitory would have heard the screams of pleasure. 

Kenji and the hot college momma had been nonstop fucking for hours. His enormous dong gave the thick cougar orgasm after mind-numbing orgasm. Cum and sweat drenched her plump mommy body. He would wager, the MILF lost a few pounds just from the exercise their mating session was giving her. Combined with the wails of enjoyment, Kenji's full ballsack could be heard smacking against her fat ass with each powerful thrust inside her. The woman felt like a goddess as her devoted stallion mounted her, time and time again. To her, this was the greatest sexual experience of her life. To Kenji, it was adequate enough not be a total waste of time. He was a incubus, after all. He could hammer this MILF's horny cunt all day long, without breaking a sweat. However, if this bitch was in her fertile stage, Kenji would completely rock her world. He would show her a whole new dimension of pleasure, by sending her to the maternity ward. As of now, this shameful lovemaking would be a decent relief for him.

It had been fun, but Kenji decided to wrap things up. Don't get him wrong, who knows how long he could have kept going. But after a few hours of steamy MILF sex, he was getting a little bored. There should be plenty of opportunities, to bang sexy cougars, and this shouldn't be the last. Kenji decided this up coming load would be his last of the day. As soon as he was ready, he unleashed torrent after torrent of hot, sticky seed inside her. He filled her womb to the brim with cum. More thick jizz started to pour out of her snatch, like a potent white waterfall. Kenji still had more to go; so he pulled out and started shooting his potent smelly cock juice all over the cougar's hot sweaty body. Globs of virile baby batter completely covered her face, tits and stomach. Kenji groaned as he dispersed one more spurt of dick milk all over her. The mature woman was now laying on her back; a hot sweaty mess. It was as though she took a bath in his cum. It was hard to tell, thanks to the hot globs of demon jizz covering it, but her face's expression was a mixture of exhaustion and pleasure. It would take some time for her body to calm down, after the intense fucking. Kenji so "graciously" threw a few towels her way. Though, with the amount of cum that covered, he figured she might need a few more. After a while, the mature purple hair cougar got herself cleaned up, dressed and walked out of Kenji's door. As she was walking out of there, the woman should have had a sense of regret or shame for the lewd acts she just committed. But, for some odd reason, she headed back home with contentment and a womb filled with potent seed. Luckily, for Kenji ,she left her bucket of cleaning supplies in his room. He was able to clean all the dirty love juices from his room and leaving it smelling lemon scented.

A couple days later, a day before the first class was in session, Kenji managed to fuck another girl. This time it was a fellow student. Unlike the MILF, who Kenji never got a name for, this human female was a total bitch. If he had to guess, this raven haired sow was a wealthy brat with daddy issues. She was rude to everyone, but still managed to have an entourage of followers around her. Classic rich bitch. Nonetheless, there was no denying she was one fine nice piece of ass. Being a spoiled brat, meant she had a weak will. This meant seducing her will be a cakewalk, for Kenji. Even easier than the MILF. Within an hour of talking to her, Kenji ended up fucking her in some broom closet (with the sound proofing spell active, of course). She screamed like a high pitched banshee as Kenji rammed his hefty demon dick in her tight pussy. Her small twat was stretched to the limit, over his fat cock. A huge, bulged outline of his dick could be seen thrusting in and out, on her lower tummy. 
