 Kenji woke up the next day, earlier than he normally would. He couldn't really sleep. Yesterday, his succubus lord mother forced him in a bind. Kenji had to impregnate a hundred different women before he, and his fiancee Aoi, got married. The wedding date was one year from now, which meant he had his work cut out for him. The prospect of cheating on his new fiancee, so many times, did not sit well with the young incubus. But, if he was going to do this, there had to be no way Aoi could find out about it. That meant no fertilizing any women Aoi knew or females that had any remote chance of interacting with her. He needed to be cautious, and choose his subjects cautiously.

Aoi awoke to find Kenji not lying bed with her. Still in her pajamas, she headed towards the kitchen where she found her fiancee in exercising clothes. Kenji wore a workout tank top, baggy jogging shorts (to hide his massive schlong, that was huge, even when flaccid), and a pair of sneakers. Aoi may have been saving her virginity for her honeymoon, but that didn't mean she didn't appreciate her handsome fiancee's sexy body. Kenji was doing some basic stretches which gave Aoi a good view of his manly form. She never knew how Kenji was able to keep such a fit form, despite not working out a lot. There wasn't a single area which did not have great muscle tone. However, in no way, did he have the the overly muscled form of a body builder. Good genes, Aoi guessed. After seeing the beauty that was his mother and sister, Aoi wouldn't rule that out. Plus, it only meant the chance for beautiful children was high.

"Morning, Kenji. What are you doing?" Aoi asked.

"Oh, morning babe. I was thinking about going for a jog. I figured I'd start working out more, to keep myself in shape," Kenji said.

"But, your already in pretty good shape," Aoi said. She wasn't lying, as her eyes drifted down to his toned biceps and calf muscles.

"Yeah, but I want to be in peak physical condition for our wedding. Besides, it would give me something to do," Kenji said, exaggerating the truth. The truth was, the jog was just an excuse for Kenji to leave the apartment and search for potential baby momma's.

So considerate, Aoi thought. Kenji was willing to stay in shape for her. Other girls should be so lucky. Aoi pictured Kenji with an even more physically fit body and couldn't help but blush. She was still a red blooded woman, after all. "You know, I think that might be an excellent idea. Tell you the truth, I could lost a few pounds too," she said.

"Don't be silly, your perfect babe," Kenji said. He loved the way Aoi looked. He liked that she had a few extra pounds as it added some meat on her bones. It also complimented her motherly figure. Kenji walked up to Aoi, embracing her by the waist, and gave her a quick smooch.

"Awww, you're so sweet," Aoi said as she returned the favor. The two continued to kiss until loud thumping sounds could be heard coming from outside the apartment. It sounded like a bunch of people were doing something out there. "What could that be?" Aoi asked.

"I don't know, but I'll check," he said. The two headed towards the door and opened it. They peaked outside to find several burly men carrying boxes, tables, and furniture inside the apartment next to them.

"Did we get knew neighbors?" Aoi asked.

"I don't know, I think Mr. Ueshiba would have said something," Kenji said. Mr. Ueshiba was the 70 something year old landlord of the apartment complex. As the movers were hulling junk into the place, Kenji and Aoi noticed a certain red headed woman directing the movers on where to place place each item.

The woman was no other than Shizu, Kenji's older succubus sister. "Shizu?!" Kenji exclaimed.

Shizu turned around, "Good morning, neighbor," she said with a joking tease.

"What the heaven is going on?" Kenji asked.

Shizu made a cocky smile before saying, "What's it look like? I'm moving in."

Kenji didn't know what to say, but before he could get a word in, Aoi said, "Really! Oh my god, that's so wonderful. I'd love having family so close by," Aoi was practically jumping up and down with joy. Kenji was not.

"I'm glad to see my adorable new sister-in-law happy. Though, I can't say the same for my stick-in-the-mud brother," Shizu said.

"Why are you moving here?" Kenji asked.

"Isn't it obvious? To be closer to family. Also, mother's company is opening up a new branch, in the city, and she's asked me to run things here," Shizu said proudly.

"Uh-huh. And you couldn't get some fancy penthouse, someplace else becuase...?" Kenji asked. However, Aoi interjected.

"Kenji,.." Aoi said, "I think it's amazing your sister is moving in. Having a family member so close would be great for us. Welcome to the neighborhood, Shizu." 

All Kenji could do was give a quite groan.

"Thank you, Aoi. By the way, how's the espresso machine working out for you?" Shizu asked.

"Beautifully. I tried it yesterday and it's amazing. Oh! I could make us all a brew, right now. It would be a splendid way to start the day," Aoi said.

"That sounds awesome," Shizu smiled.

"Great! Be right back," Aoi said as she headed back inside her apartment.

"What?" Shizu said to Kenji, "Why are you looking at me weird?"

"Why are you really here?" Kenji asked seriously.

"If you must know, there are two reasons. First, I wasn't lying about the company. Mother recently set up a new branch downtown and she's selected me to be in charge. A good choice, in my humble opinion. But the second reason, is to help you. Mother told me all about the contract, and how you have to breed a hundred bitches before your wedding. I'm here to help you," Shizu said.

"Help me? Why?" Kenji said, confused about his big sister's motivations.

"Believe it or not I want you to succeed. So does mother. But you got to realize that you are a demon, not a human. You and Aoi are a great couple and I would hate to see you guys apart. So, mother told me to give you any assistance you need" Shizu said.

Kenji gave a big sigh, "Look, I appreciate the gesture, I really do. But I don't think I will need it. Before I met Aoi, I seduced two human within the same week. And I wasn't even trying then," he said.

"Oh?" Shizu said. "You think it will be that easy?"

"Probably, maybe. But listen, if I need any help I'll come ask for it okay," he said.

"Fair enough," Shizu said. By this time, Aoi came out with three freshly brewed espressos.

"Here you go, careful their hot," Aoi said. They all took their cups and began to sip. The three, mostly Aoi and Shizu, began to have a casual conversation before one of the movers interrupted.

"Hey, Ms. Tanashi," one of the movers said, "were almost done, but are these boxes in the truck that the boys and I are having a hard time moving. I think we might need to dolly them in."

Aoi thought that was strange. Each mover was built like a bodybuilder. They were able to move heavy furniture up flights of stairs with ease, but a few boxes were giving them trouble?

"Oh, those? I'll take care of them," Shizu said.

"Are you sure?" the burly mover said, "They're pretty heavy,"

"Trust me, I got it. You boys take a break, you've earned it. I've got some refreshments in the kitchen for you guys," Shizu said.

"Thanks," the mover said as him and his crew went inside Shizu's apartment.

"Looks like I got some stuff to take care of. Talk to you later," Shizu said to Kenji and Aoi.

"Sure, see you later Shizu," Aoi said.

"Well, I better get my jog over with," Kenji said.

"Okay, have fun and be safe. Love you" Aoi said.

"Love you too," he said. He gave Aoi on big kiss on lips and headed off. Little did she know, that her fiancee was off to fuck some random stranger.

Kenji jogged several miles, towards the city. He didn't see why humans found jogging so difficult. For an incubus, jogging long distances, was nothing. He could run for an hour straight and wouldn't break a sweat. It would be borderline cheating if he ran a marathon, thanks to his demon heritage. Kenji knew of a large public park located near the center of the city. It was a place humans came to hang out, exercise, organize group activities, and many other things. Kenji even took Aoi on a few dates there. He also knew there were plenty of hot, fertile babes to choose from.

Kenji ran to the city park. To most, he blended as one of many runners on the jogging trail. He needed to find the perfect situation. He had to fuck a girl, somewhere secluded, and it had to be a one time thing. Kenji also had to make sure the human expected no further relationship to bloom out of it. He didn't know what exactly he was looking for, but he would know the perfect situation when he saw it.

Kenji jogged all around the park, scanning for potential mates. As he was running, he approached something interesting; a bunch of tennis courts. These weren't around, when Kenji was last here. They must have been a new addition. There were four courts, surrounded by a wall of tall, black chain linked fence. Right next to the courts, was a small building. The building had bathrooms, vending machines for sports drinks, and what appeared to be a pair of changing rooms. On the far side of the courts. stood a large wall where people could hit tennis balls against it. This was so people could volley balls back and forth with themselves. A few people could be spotted finishing up a tennis match. For some odd reason, Kenji thought this could be interesting and decided to give this place a closer look. 

He walked around the fence wall, towards the entrance. As he was entering, two men were leaving. The two guys were obviously tall and athletic, with some tennis gear on. They looked tired, sweaty, and flustered. They also had the expression like they saw a ghost. One of the males went up to Kenji, "Hey. You coming in to play?"

"Maybe. I wanted to get a closer look at this place, but probably," Kenji said.

"Well, a little bit of advice," the other guy said, "if your looking to play, stay away from the blonde lady. That chick is nuts. She may look like nice eye candy, but trust me, there's nothing nice about getting your ass torn up on the tennis court. That bitch is on another level."

"Thanks, I'll keep that in mind," Kenji said. The two human men left as Kenji walked inside the court. The tennis courts were empty, except for one person. There was a yellow hair woman, hitting tennis balls against the wall. By the way the blonde was smacking those tennis balls, she seemed to be very focused to she was doing. She hit the balls, with her racket, with such force it caused her to make loud grunt sound. She was on a roll, as no matter how fast the ball bounced off the wall, she was able to move with enough agility to keep the volley streak going. 

Kenji took a minute to check out the female. She had blonde, golden hair and blue eyes. Her long hair was pulled back in a long braided ponytail that ran down her back. It was beyond clear, that this women was athletically fit. Every muscle on her body was showing through, with nice definition. However, her muscle tone did not distract from her overall feminine form. She had an hourglass figure with wide hips and tanned skin, no doubt, from her countless hours exercising in the sun. Her legs were as powerful as they were long. But most importantly, Kenji could see the melon size breasts on her chest. Those tanned orbs seemed to defy gravity as the bounced and jiggled with each rapid movement she made. The golden hair babe wore all white, tennis gear. A white visor on her head, to keep the sun from her eyes. A small athletic tank top, which was stretched to the limit thanks to the big juicy tit-flesh. The bottom of her stomach was exposed, showing off her nicely toned washboard abs. A pair of white athletic shorts, hugged her rounded booty and hips. She also wore a pair of white tennis shoes and socks. The tennis racket, she was using, was orange with some stylized graphics painted on the side of it.

Since Kenji was an incubus, one of his powers was, he could scan a human female to see how fertile she was, at the moment. This power had an official fancy demon name, but it was most commonly referred to as a fertility vision. Fertility vision allows an incubus to see a certain aura being projected around the female. Only a demon can actually see it. What tells Kenji if a woman is fertile, is based on the color of the aura. There are various shades of colors and each shade means something different. But, in basic sense, a dull gray means the female is infertile (at the moment) and a sparkling red aura meant the woman was at the peak of her fertility. Kenji scanned the blonde woman, and sure enough, the color around her was red. This signaled she was a good candidate for some baby making sex. A perfect candidate.

Kenji walked behind her, "Ahem, excuse me," he said.

The woman turned around, "What the hell?!" she screamed . She nearly jumped in the air as she heard Kenji's voice. "Jesus, fucking christ! Don't sneak on people like that! What's the matter with you?!"

"I'm sorry-" Kenji said, but was then interrupted by the angry girl's voice.

"Great! Now, I lost my concentration. I was in the zone too! I could've broken my volley record, you dick!" the blonde shouted.

"Wow, calm down lady," Kenji said. The women was acting erratic, which might have been what those two guys were talking about earlier.

"I'm calm! I'M SUPER CALM! I'm the most tranquil bitch in all calmsville!! YOU'RE THE ONE WHO'S FREAKING OUT!" she shouted.

"..."

The young woman gave a sigh, "Look, I'm a little on edge right now. I have the match of my life tomorrow and I need to be in tip top condition. What do you want?" It was clear, the female had a lot going on. Her face suggested she hasn't been getting enough sleep, the last few days. She had a crazy look in her eye, like a predator searching for prey. Kenji decided to release some of his incubus pheromones.

"Nothing really, I haven't been here a while and I noticed they built these new tennis courts," he said.

"Yeah, no shit, Sherlock. They built these courts last year. I've been coming here, whenever I'm in the city," the women said. She scanned Kenji up and down with her eyes, checking the young man out. He might have looked like a twink, but she had to admit, this guy had an alright body. Nice muscles and posture; he must work out a little. bit. Maybe he could make a useful new partner.

"Hey," the blonde said, "you play tennis?"

"Not frequently," Kenji said to her.

"Meh, good enough. Want to play?" she asked.

"I guess," he responded.

"Good," she said with a wicked grin. She went over to a wired crate on wheels that was holding a ton of bright green tennis balls. Hanging off the crate were towels, cup holders with sports drinks, and a couple of spare rackets. The woman threw Kenji a spare, blue racket. He caught it, before saying thank you.

"You go on the end of that court," the girl pointed, "and I'll go on this end." The two got into position. "Best out of two matches wins. Not it's a mystery who's going to when *cough* me *cough*. What hand and do you play with?"

Kenji shrugged, "Doesn't matter, both."

"Ambidextrous, huh? Great, so am I. Unfortunately for you, I'm sort of a pro. You've got no chance. But, in the interest of fairness, I'll play with the hand I least play with. It should give you some leeway, but not much. You ready to lose, kid!" the blonde said.

"Are you going to talk all day little poodle, or are you going to bite?!" Kenji said dryly.

The woman gave a wicked, toothy smile, "Confidant, huh? Don't worry, I'll knock that out of you in no time!"

"By the way," Kenji said, "before we begin I never got your name. I'm Kenji."

"Hmph. Well, if you must know, it's Ishi. Enough talk! Ready?!" Ishi said.

"Ready when you are," Kenji said, wanting to get this over with.

Ishi grabbed a ball, dribbled it on the ground a few times with her racket, and threw it straight up in the air. When the ball came falling back down, Ishi spiked it with such force in went flying towards Kenji's side. It felt like the ball had been shot, over a 100 miles per hour. Kenji didn't expect a human to hit the ball with such velocity. It caught him off guard. The ball immediately went out of bounds, much to Ishi's delight. 

"HA! 15-love, bitch! I told you I was going to make short work of you!" Ishi said with a competitive fire.

"Don't be so sure," Kenji said quietly. It was more than obvious that this women was no amateur tennis player. This meant Kenji was actually going to have to pay attention.

Ishi grabbed another fresh ball and proceeded to shoot another spike his way. To the naked eye, that ball was moving extremely fast. But Kenji had supernatural senses and reflexes. To him, that ball might as well have been going in slow motion. Tracking the ball, Kenji hit the ball back to Ishi, with just as much force, causing her to be caught of guard as well. The ball zoomed passed her, giving Kenji the points.

"15-15," Kenji said with a grin.

Ishi groaned, "Don't get cocky!" she then spiked another ball as hard as she could. Kenji returned shot, and Ishi hit the ball back again. The two began to volley, back and forth, for several moments. Ishi managed to put some spin on it causing the ball to bonce in the opposite direction.

"30-15! I hope you enjoyed that point from before, because it's the last one I'm giving you," Ishi said.

At this moment, Kenji decided to turn up the heat. He proceeded to use his overpowered, cheating, demon abilities to his advantage. For the next point, Kenji and Ishi volleyed for a solid five minutes. He then found an opening and seized it. He hit the ball over, giving himself the tying score. After a competitive remark by Ishi, the two continued the game. They traded blow after blow until one came out on top...Kenji.

"That's game," Kenji said with a smile. He hardly broke a sweat, but Ishi was on the other side panting. She couldn't remember the last time someone gave her this much of a challenge...she loved it. 

Ishi had a warriors spirit to her. The thought of taking down a strong opponent thrilled her to no end. "Not so fast, hot shot. I said best two out of three. You got one more match to go. Enjoy this one while it lasts," she said as she switched her tennis racket to her dominant hand, "because this time I'm holding nothing back."

For the next match, it was Kenji who served the ball first. If he wanted to, Kenji could hit the ball so hard that no mortal human could catch it. However, this chick would go off the wall if she was completely dominated. He needed to make it look somewhat competitive.

The following round of tennis was relatively close. Ishi scored, then Kenji scored. Each volley of the ball lasted for long periods of time. Ishi thought she had Kenji a few times but he was prepared. The match went down to the wire, with each point being very close. Nonetheless, Kenji decided to give Ishi this round. If she didn't win one game, he had no doubt this human would go bonkers. On the last point, Kenji intentionally missed the ball giving Ishi the winning point.

"FUCK YEAH! I win! See, told you! Though, I got to admit, your more skilled than I give you credit for!" Ishi said in a crazy sounding voice. She was panting much more heavily this time. This match with Kenji was giving her much more of a workout than she possibly could have expected. 

This guy wasn't human, Ishi thought. If only she knew the half of it.

"You ready, chump! I'm gonna mop the court with you!" she said.

Kenji looked at her calmly, "Do I look worried to you?"

"Cocky bastard," Ishi muttered under her breath. She then spiked the first ball of the deciding match. This round of tennis would decide the victor, with the score tied up 1 to 1. Ishi was now giving it all she had. She held nothing back and wasn't afraid to smack that ball with violent force. Any other mortal man would have had a very hard time keeping up with her but, Kenji wasn't a mortal man. He wanted to keep the match as competitive as possible, and from the look of things, Ishi was enjoying it. She may have been drenched in sweat, but the fire burning in her soul was giving her extreme thrills. 
