 Amy held the warm fourteen-inch prick in her hand and wrapped her purple lips around it. Color smeared onto the cock as it gorged itself on blood, fulfilling the promise of its length with wrist-thick girth. Jerome slouched in the corner that the single bed was pushed into, his head rolling back and forth against the cool wall, mouth parting in quiet after-hours moans. Amy rubbed his egg-sized balls while she blew him. Her lips bobbed up and down on the cock, soon letting it's length into her throat. She tasted his shaft as it piped into her neck. When she came to rest at his brown pubic hair, she slipped her finger into her mouth to rub the underside of his cock. Convinced he was at full hardness, she pulled the dick from her throat and proceeded to mount him.

Amy's lavender thighs rested on Jerome's belly, He sucked on the head of her two-and-a-half foot phallus while she reached back and placed his apple-sized cockhead against the sphincter that opened into her rectum. Amy's long legs curled around Jerome's pale ones as her purple hands intertwined with his around the thick trunk of her prong. She leaned back on two hands as she sunk onto Jerome's dick, filling her ass like a Bogian cock would fill her vagina. She slid up and down his belly, her gaping pussy pouring juice onto him as she impaled her ass again and again. Jerome spit out her cockhead as he came in her ass, moaning low. Amy lifted her cock up and wedged it between her sourdough-loaf-sized breasts, tit-fucking herself while she lifted her ass up and down his limp length. Her juice seeped into Jerome's pores and the veins of his cock glowed deep blue as he hardened again. His balls swelled. He stood up and leaned Amy against the door, plowing into her ass again and again. She held onto his firm butt as it clenched, pulling him in deep. She shook her tits around her cock-shaft as she and Jerome licked it like a bowl of ice cream. Fourteen veiny inches of meat were shoved into Amy as she felt the sperm sacs along her spine and in her thighs tighten. She focused on suppressing the reflex when Jerome sucked on her cum slit. Her toes reached for the cold tile of the floor as a shiver ran up her spine and she emptied a sac. Amy enjoyed feeling Jerome cum in her ass again, but instead of feeling him go limp, she was shocked to feel him thicken and grow three inches. 

"That's what I like about you Bogian girls," he said as he pulled away from his cum-straw, "Sex with you is like a second puberty." He swallowed the rest of her load and grew to a rocket-thick twenty-inches. She thought about how he might fill her pussy like a Bogian now, and as a girl who kept in shape, she was sure she could make do with even the most meager of cocks, but it was mating season on Gluto and she would being selling herself short. The males would be swollen and full now. The promise of two children and increased prestige greatly outweighed the fucking she would get from this small human. Plus, she planned on liberating a small freighter... it was best to stick to the plan. 

Amy tucked her limp cock into the sheath of her vagina as Jerome continued to fuck her ass. She rubbed her tits with one set of hands while fondling his now grapefruit-sized balls with the other. He bit his lower lip as she pulled his balls into him balls deep into her with each squeezing trust. More juice trickled out of her quim and onto his broad shaft as he continually arced up her pimply rectum, lubricating it with orgasm after orgasm. Her pores pulled his cum into her as he quickly as he could empty himself. Her long fingers made their way up into his asshole to massage his prostate and he came so hard that jizm ran down their legs. Her pores pulled his sperm into her as he quickly as he could empty himself, leaving behind only ejaculate, which had filled the cavity to the brim. Amy's butt wouldn't accept another drop. 

Jerome's larger equipment was not to be defied though. He continued fucking under the influence of the Bogian's powerful cum. Over to the bed they walked, parts entwined, until he picked her up and turned her around on the axis of his cock. They both came and fell in a pile on the bed. A second later, Jerome was plunging into her. He held her fat ass cheeks tight around his thrusting pillar, watching the growing veins of glowing blue elaborate patterns across his cock. The new thick veins would be the envy of every man and woman on Earth, though he hoped the first twelve inches were as ornate as the last eight. Amy had gotten another erection and his balls were running along the underbelly of her shaft with each thrust. She raised her rear a little to give it room to breath and the effects were mostly mutually beneficial. Jerome's knees flanked her dick and he was able to plunge his length into her asshole more vigorously. Once she started to bring her ass back to meet his strokes, he was shocked to find that she was fucking his calves with her wet cock. Her cum trickled down her cock and into his legs and onto his bed, they were fucking in a puddle of it. Amy's fingers delved past the flanks of her cock into her vagina while she tasted her juice with her free hands. Her jade tendrils draped the sides of her face, shaking with each assertive impact of Jerome's pelvis. His dickhead butted up against the main sperm sac in her belly on each penetration. Erectile tissue that wasn't meant to be stimulated outside of mating season with male Bogians was being jostled and it frenzied Amy. She ground her erect cock into the bed ceaselessly, a steady stream of precum pouring from it. If Jerome weren't so caught up in driving her crazy he'd have eagerly lapped it up. Instead, he widened her sphincter while his balls were crushed between his ass and her thickening cockshaft. 

When he finally came, Amy spun around and held him inside her with four hands. When his spasming head finally sputtered to a stop, she pulled him out of her and sat him atop her fully extended cock, her tapered head allowing him to adjust to a fourteen-inch-thick cock. Jerome's eyes were wide with shock, and betrayal as Amy sunk inch after inch into him. When he had a full foot of cock in his ass, she felt comfortable swallowing his dick, all twenty inches sliding down her throat. It was thus that Jerome understood the arrangement: if he wanted to experience the superior blow job he had experienced earlier on his new endowment, he was going to have to ride Amy. He sunk down another inch, and to encourage him, Amy pulled her head almost the whole way off his cock before burying her nose in his pubes again. He slid down another two inches and Amy mimicked the same motion, however this time she flexed the taste nodules in her throat. He groaned and came in her belly while she pumped into his ass slowly. 

When the paralysis of his latest orgasm wore off, they created a system of constant penetration. Jerome withdrew his cock from Amy's throat only to swallow more of her cock with his asshole. When he shoved his cock down her throat, her cock withdrew from him, leaving only eight inches, give or take, inside. When he got tired of doing the work, Amy would take her hands from his face and her breasts and lift him. He came again, and again. Over the course of the evening Jerome emptied eighty heavy loads into her asshole and stomach, so much so that her belly was bulging with semen. She was satisfied. This stay on the station had been worthwhile. She readied herself to cum. The spine sac would do, it had been hours and he wouldn't be able to compare. 

Amy let loose. The shock of her sac emptying again after so short a repast made her back arch. She pulled Jerome onto her crotch and buried all thirty inches of her cock inside him as she came. His intestines had indubitably torn a little. It'd be okay though. Come was pumping out of her cock and into the tightest orifice she'd ever shoved it into. His intestines inflated with sperm. Amy was surprised when Jerome started cumming. She put the head in her mouth and started swallowing as he came buckets. Such a giver, this human. 

They took each others' loads until they had both run out. Then, with bloated bellies, they collapsed on a heap on the bed. Now came the play-acting part. Amy wrapped her arms around Jerome, her dick wedged between them. To her surprise, he embraced the cock, laying his head on her soft lavender breasts. His relententess erection nestled between her broad thighs. The rumors were true. The cum of Bogians made the sex organs of other species grow as well. Apparently the rectum was, as rumored, the best place to do it too. Jerome was growing rapidly, forcing her thighs wider apart. A satisfied grin crossed his face as he drifted off. 

An hour later, Jerome had loosened his grip. She lifted one leg off his cock and slid the other one out from under it. He was still hard, at roughly twenty-three inches and as thick as a fire hydrant. She considered fucking him once more before she left, maybe in the pussy this time. He was definitely sporting an average Bogian piece of meat there. But there was the plan. She reached in his jacket and pulled out the harbor control codes, along with his ID. As she hung it back up she considered maybe fucking one of the female lieutenants at the station. Amy felt guilty, like she should make a cavernously vagina'ed, large breasted buddy for the Admiral. But there was the plan. Maybe after mating season, she'd swing by. The plan dictated she tuck away her cock and walk to the door. The station had a 16:8 day-to-night ratio and this section had to have at least an hour left in their night sequence. In the janitor's closet down the hall she had a change of clothes. She headed there.

Amy opened her bag and pulled on a skirt and a tunic with side buckles, both containing her breasts abut leaving her arms free to work. Underneath the stockings, she pulled on utility stockings. She slid the ID card and the sheet of paper into the pocket of the stockings before adjust the skirt and heading to dock control. She slid the ID along the crack of the door and it opened. The computer swallowed her ID and gave her a list of available freighters, all registered to GalEx-i. Her heart leapt when she saw a Clipper, a freighter meant to operate semi-independently with a relatively large cargo hold and a quick drive system. This was perfect.

Amy punched in the first code on the sheet of paper and was met with a flashing red light. She entered it again to the same result before checking to see that she had snatched yesterday's control codes. She looked around. The printer was on top of the computer. At the end of the night cycle she should be able to print out the new codes with Admiral Jerome's card. She punched the yellow eject key and pocketed the car again. Checking the clock, she only had to wait twenty minutes. 

Amy thought about what to do for twenty minutes. The window outside showed all those ships in front of a big field of stars, and she only wanted one. Yeah, it was a lot to ask, but then she'd leave. The door beeped. Amy quickly stepped to the side and out of immediate sight in time for a six-foot-two raven-haired woman to walk in. Amy wrapped an arm around her waist and grabbed her arms and her throat. 

"What's your name?" Amy asked, loosening her grip a little.

"You first," she said.

"Not likely," Amy said.

"Not many Bogians on board," she said.

"But there're hundreds of humans. That's why you need names," Amy said.

"It's Lucy," she said, "Lucinda Vale."

"Well, Lucinda, I'm getting out of here and I need a ship. Are you going to help or should I just get what I need off your corpse." Lucinda Vale was silent. "Well, you wanna get out of here Lucy, Lucinda Vale, lieutenant in GalEx-I?"

"Oh, we all hate those bullshit titles. Here, the codes get faxed into our apartments every morning, like an alarm. You can't use that printer without Jerome's card," Lucy said, handing Amy the new codes and her card. Amy slid the card into her pocket.

"Where do I put this?" Amy asked.

"There's a scanner there," Lucy said, pointing to where Amy had just slid Jerome's card. In went Jerome's card and Amy pulled up the Clipper again, entering the new codes. Amy grabbed Lucy and pulled her through the side door, up to the berth of the Clipper, already beginning it's start-up sequence. She slid into the control net and deactivated the shield that held out the vacuum of space. The ship floated out of it's berth amongst the blaring of alarms.

(Almost Certainly) To Be Continued...