 Cadia opened his beak, harsh inhale of salty air. His slimy tentacle dug its way deep inside his human's anal cavity, which constricted a heated tightness around his appendage. 

It was breeding season, the time of year when Cadia's fucks were too delectable. When hearing the humans' choral cries gave Cadia a primal euphoria he couldn't get any other time of the year. 

Cadia captured a very audible prisoner that day. The human's guttural groans filled up the cavernous space of the Fertilization Dungeon, giving Cadia no doubts this was the best fuck in his life. That flourished Cadia's arousal because Cadia's big kink was owning his own tentacle slut. He wanted to corrupt a human with a deep tentacle lust that would overshadow any pleasure they found in the human phallus. Usually he went for human's with feminine reproductive parts, because breeding season, but this human was so androgynous in his scuba suit, Cadia got confused. And by the time his cock hit the water, Cadia was too much a slave to his arousal to care about evolutionary science. 

Though Cadia's momentum was building, he released his tentacle from the human's anus, just to hear him whimper, soft and child-like. Cadia seeped into his human's sexuality, one tentacle at a time, and that made him feel like he was on top of the world. Like he mattered. He let the human whimper for a little longer before he thrusted himself back inside. 

The human beneath him was muscular and terracotta, with long mauve dreadlocks that rocked with his every movement. He groaned into the fullness, enlarging Cadia's tentacles even more. 

A brisk sea breeze pushed Cadia's mantle back and forth. The Fertilization Dungeon was in the back of a sea cave, nestled into a stony island at the edge of the ocean. Here the shallow water, and smooth, elliptical cave walls allowed each ravenous note to be heard in perfect acoustics. 

The cave was ideal for kidnapping humans because it was both close to town, but hidden from any wanderers. The perverted Squids claimed it, many years past, calling it the Fertilization Dungeon. It was a safe place for kinky Squids to exhibit their human-copulation fetish without ostracization consequences. The norm for Squids was Squid on Squid breeding and that vanilla activity occurred underwater. 

"Oh. Fuck. Do you even hear yourself? You have never felt anything like this before, huh?" Cadia snarled through his sharp squid beak as he progressed deeper into the human's taut ass. The tightness swelled Cadia's tentacles and clouded his consciousness so the only thing he could think about was breeding. 

The human buckled his lips and squished his face into himself. He clicked his tongue out into the salty air. "I'm... I'm Alec," he rasped. 

Cadia couldn't help but smile at the strangeness of human beings. A human would feel a pressing need to introduce themselves as they approached the edge. For humans, the real perversion lied in not knowing who their copulator was. Squids were never so personable. It was always mate and swim, no time for introductions. 

This was the main reason he joined the kink scene. The Squids in his life were always cold, silent, and, honestly, boring. They never wanted sex to be anything other than breeding. And for Cadia this was a real turn off. It was hard for Cadia to care about sex when there was nothing taboo going on. This quickly turned to a kink and then fetish for human beings, who always brought a lot of different interpretations on sexuality. 

Cadia joined the kink scene just two years prior, however he already moved up ranks in the community, becoming a respected Dungeon Master (DM) at this Fertilization Dungeon. He also grew a fuck list like no other, yet he never heard notes like Alec's before. 

The tips of Alec's thick dreads dipped into the shallow sea water, like stout squid arms in their own right. Cadia kept one tentacle inside Alec, as he used another to tug his dreads backwards, and traced his gaping pale lips with a third. "Do you want to come?" 

Alec tried to jerk his head no, but while he was in the grip of tentacles, he couldn't move much. He muttered something incomprehensible. 

That was the other thing about humans — they never knew what they wanted. Alec's cock throbbed so intensely, Cadia could see the tremors. Plus, his soft pre-cum glistened in the oceanic sun. It added up to a clear conclusion. Alec craved tentacle sluthood even if he couldn't articulate it himself. 

"Well, if not, I can stop. Bring you back to your town and peace out. Would you prefer that?" Cadia said. 

Alec's eyes shot open. "No, please don't stop." 

Cadia's bulging black eyes brightened. "Are you sure? Well then, why don't you prove it. Prove you want my tentacles." 

Alec opened his pout and raised a tongue, outlining Cadia's tentacle. 

Cadia gasped as he let the tentacle slip into Alec's mouth. The human sucked. Roughly. Harshly. His drooling mouth slipping Cadia's tentacle deeper, seeping Cadia into a ravenous trance. 

Alec nibbled the edges of Cadia and let out a muffled moan. 

"Oh fuck." Cadia's mind stretched thin, filled with lust for the human beneath him. They wanted to fill him up with all eight tentacles, to feel Alec at the end of every nerve ending. 

When Cadia pounded into Alec's anal cavity, again, he flushed past his tipping point — the point where his suction cups bloomed. Each one of Cadia's tentacles pulsed into vibrations, emitting a soft buzzing noise. He gasped at the new warmth crawling up his body. 

A long moan escaped Alec's lips. 

"I think you can be my first supersonic instrument. I'm sure that all I have to do is squirm all eight of my tentacles inside of you." Alec's eyes rolled back as he groaned. Cadia's buzzing vibrations went up an octave. 

The vibrations brought Cadia to the edge, where their tentacles engorged towards the edges of Alec's tight anal walls. 

A high-pressured static took over Cadia's nervous system, melting him more. 

Cadia intended on giving Alec the full, eight tentacles, Squid experience. He wanted to push the human over the edge. But Cadia didn't realize how naturally Alec would find his tentacle lust. 

The tentacle inside Alec's ass squirmed out, only to pound his tightness again. Cadia repeated this fuck, like a rhythm. Each thrust created constricting tremors in all eight of his tentacle-arms. He was so so close. 

Cadia had to wonder if orgasming would be different when he was tentacle-deep in ass. Fucking a man was new for him, so he was surprised that he got to the edge so much quicker than usual. He wrapped one of his tentacles around Alec's cock, pressed against the rigidity of the new organ. 

Before he could give it a good pull, a figure from behind gripped Cadia and flung him to the side. 

### 

Cadia face-slammed the cave's shallow water. His vision swirled in circles, as he gasped and flailed around, gills hungrily sucking in the sea. He coughed out a wad of thick phlegm that floated to the surface, like off-white foam, building up at the coast. Cadia's heart thumped harder as he attempted to regain control over his surroundings. 

From the corner of his vision, he saw the quick whiplash of some other Squid's tentacles moving towards an object and then retracting. And then, those memorable moans echoed throughout the cave. 

Cadia rubbed his mantle with his tentacles, trying to ease the onset of a headache. Pushing a Squid from their human, in the middle of copulation no less, was definitely against the rules. As Dungeon Master, it was Cadia's responsibility to protect the Fertilization Dungeon from violent rule-breakers. As the copulator, it was Cadia's responsibility to protect his human, or at least ensure that it was his seed entering "her." Here, Alec's sex clashed with some of the Fertilization Dungeon's protocol, but even so. It should still be Cadia's seed. It was the principle of it. 

Cadia's vision came into focus, as he stretched towards Alec, like a child reaching for their favorite toy. He wanted to bring his human towards his soft slimy core, in a protective embrace. But then, a second push interrupted him. It was lighter this time, more of a playful threat than an attack. 

Cadia turned around to face his aggressor and met a familiar foe — Squalo. 

Squalo was everything human that made Cadia hard and everything Squid that kept him erect — basically he kept Cadia in an erection overdrive. He was one of the few Squids that seeped into Cadia's late-night fantasies. 

It was embarrassingly simple, but a lot of Cadia's fascination with Squalo was with the way he looked. He barely resembled Cadia. Squalo's Squid type didn't have as many cephalopod traits, making him the posterboy for the iconic human fantasy, of being kidnapped by a buff, burly man with tentacles. Unlike Cadia, Squalo wasn't gooey, but incredibly toned. The top of his head did not have a flabby mantle, but was crowned with smooth brown hair. And he didn't kiss with a hard, sharp beak but with plush, smooth lips. Squalo's only squid features were his eight tentacle arms. 

Squalo was also an arrogant, narcissistic, manic, inconsiderate, fuck-face. Cadia found Squalo's cruelty disgusting, but, at the same time, he didn't. When Squalo did something fucked up, that heavy heat pulsed through his tentacles. Squalo brought on an arousal that was only slightly less powerful than breeding season's hunger. 

Squalo leaned into Cadia's fish-face to plant a cold one on his cheek. 

Cadia wiped the kiss off his face. Anger and lust stormed inside him. "What's your problem?" 

Squalo smiled, pearly teeth and salty breath, but said nothing. He opened his mouth slightly, as if he would respect Cadia with an answer, but more silence followed. Squalo rubbed his chin's stubble in mock-thought as if he had all the time in the world. 

It was the typical Squalo show. He would intervene on another Squid's space, like that was the most clever punchline, and then use that space as a place to belittle the victim. Ordinarily, Cadia would just brush Squalo off, letting his crush for him overpower his DM status. But, breeding season wasn't exactly renown as the season for patience and forgiveness. Cadia had more more important, if not, more hard & throbbing, concerns, than appeasing a crush. 

"Don't make this worse for yourself," Cadia said, moving closer to Alec. "Get out of here before I have to make you." 

Squalo shrugged and wrapped his thick tentacle arms around Cadia's soft center. "Cadia. I think I want him." He lifted one arm, towards the shaking human. 

Cadia tried to jerk towards Alec but he couldn't. Squalo's bind too tight, keeping him in place. Cadia snarled. "You're ruining my entire fucking scene." 

"What's up with you Dungeon Masters and your scene's sanctity? Hey. Here's a thought. If all it takes is my presence to fuck up your scene then... well, you are doing it wrong anyway. Hm. It is ironic really. You would think the 'kink authority' would actually be literate on kink. On how to please their human." 

Yes, Cadia was pissed off. He was more than threatened that Squalo would take away his human. But there was also a titillating heat that swirled around Cadia's tentacles, like Squalo's malicious comments were filthy come-ons. 

"More interesting question. Squalo, do you know how to please a Squid?" Cadia asked. 

Squalo raised his eyebrows and snorted, his rough laugh briefly echoing around the cave's domed walls. "You and me? Are you serious?" 

"Whatever." Cadia muscles tensed as they collapsed inwards. "Doesn't matter. I'm kicking you out now." 

Squalo wrapped an additional tentacle around Cadia's neck. "But, you need me, Cadia. To mentor you. How else are you going to learn how to properly fuck a human?" 

Cadia attempted to jerk out of Squalo's tentacles again. He pushed out harder this time, but there wasn't really a need. Mid-movement, Squalo let go of him, causing Cadia to topple over, landing on his stomach. The light waves brushed against his vision, briefly masking Squalo's beaming face. 

Cadia lifted his head, raised his voice. "Fine. Laugh. You are straight up blacklisted from now on, so what do I care?" 

Squalo reached a few of his thick tentacles towards Alec, who was only standing a few feet away. He then pushed Alec's torso, forcing Alec to fall, landing on his knees in a kneel. Alec faced Squalo, his backside was towards Cadia. 

Cadia tried to look into Alec's face, checking to see where he was in all of this. Alec's eyesight kept to the side, glued towards Squalo. The obscurity said a lot. A heaviness creeped through Cadia's bloodstream, at the possibility of losing his mate. 

"I'm in heat," Squalo said, looming over Alec and Cadia, "Do you even know what that feels like?" 

"My arms are like eight scalding bricks, Squalo. I'm pretty sure I have an idea." Cadia adjusted himself, so he was kneeling too. He slithered a tentacle towards Alec, so it wrapped around his limp cock. Now eye-length to Alec, Cadia asked, "What about you? What do you want?" 

Alec pointed towards Squalo's glowing, crimson eyes. "Him." 

It hurt Cadia to stare the wide, exaggerated smile Squalo put on, so he closed his eyes. "Well, congratulations. You've totally destroyed my dynamic. Fuck, man, this is why we have protocol." 

Cadia snorted. The worst part of this was that Squalo wasn't even attracted to human beings. To Cadia, it seemed clear that Squalo got off more on rule-breaking than breeding with humans. This made the Fertilization Dungeon a perfect spot for Squalo. Here there were a lot more rules, than amongst vanilla spaces. Cadia wouldn't even be surprised if Squalo popped by the dungeon that day just because a DM was using the space. Squalo would get his rocks off as he broke rules in front of an authority figure. 

"You are so, fucking, self-absorbed, Squalo. It's like you were made with a human face, squid legs, and a shark's heart," Cadia said. 

Squalo's slimy tentacles squirmed around Cadia's limbs, enticing a slow shiver to move through Cadia's bloodstream. 

When Cadia opened his eyes, Squalo had knelt down as well, forming the last angle in the triangle. 

"Cadia, you really gotta chill," Squalo said, tentacles lightly teasing the edges of Cadia's, "I have an idea... you are in a sex dungeon after all, so how about you, uh, have a nice relaxing fuck? Between the human and me, I think you can find your mojo. No, don't.. don't look at me like that. I gotta be involved for hands-on educational purposes. We can't have your clumsiness sway the human's tentacle lust. But, hey... hey listen... I'll cut ya a deal. For this first mentoring session, I won't charge you my full price." 

Cadia became very aware of the edges of their brain as a tingling fuzz wrapped around it. They didn't know what to do with all the conflicting information. "I don't get it. You just laughed in my face about us two getting together." 

Squalo shrugged. "Call it a sympathy fuck. But, hey, a sympathy fuck by me, is still a fuck by me." 

Cadia narrowed their eyes as they let their tentacles wrap around Squalo's. The two Squids grew into each other's grip in a heated embrace and Cadia couldn't help but let out a soft moan. 

Squalo raised an eyebrow. "Oh, Daddy... that feels so good..." He laughed. 

Cadia grimaced as they let go of Squalo. "Just take him and leave me alone." 

It wasn't the worst. Cadia was excited about leaving the increasingly-claustrophobic cave to cuddle up, alone, to some human/Squid porn. Leaving Squalo and his baggage sounded perfect at that point. Yet, Squalo didn't skip a beat. He instantly moved towards Alec's thick, erect cock, fondling the wine-hued head. 

That was his mate... 

"Next Dungeon Masters meeting, I'm making a large complaint. So, you can call Alec your good-bye gift, if it helps your narcissistic head. This will be your last fuck in any Fertilization Dungeon in this entire ocean," said Cadia. 

Squalo mouthed the word "complaint" with a smug grin. He pushed Alec, so he toppled over Cadia. His long dreads tickling the side of Cadia's face. 

"If you thought eight arms were too much, how about sixteen?" Squalo asked. 

"I only had four on me," Alec confessed. 

Squalo scrunched his eyebrows. "Tsk. Tsk. What are we going to do with you?" 

"I was interrupted. Just. Never mind. Why are you still here?" 

"Lesson one, speed. You go far, far too slow. The human needs to be acquainted with all the Squid's tentacles as fast as possible. For instance, this." 

Alec arched backwards as Squalo's tentacles wrapped around his balls, curving around his egregious cock. 

These suction cups did not vibrate, but they released a crimson excretion, coating Alec's prick with a blood-like substance. Alec got harder, his cock nudging from his thigh to the sky. 

Squalo curled additional tentacles around each of Alec's thighs, stretching him into a spread eagle position. Cadia couldn't keep his eyes away, Alec looked so vulnerable. 

And then, that perfect moan, as Squalo penetrated him. 

Cadia's breathing was high and restless, like the yelping whiplash of the sea during high tide. Alec's orchestral moans were enough to turn Cadia on, but then there was the rough way Squalo handled him. Cadia had to admit, Squalo knew what he was doing. Alec's posture was more than ready for tentacle perversions. 

Squalo didn't stop fucking Alec, as he lurched additional tentacles towards Cadia's own appendages, tightly gripping them. A small buzz filled the spaces between Cadia's temples. Squalo's tentacles released more crimson ink, producing a slick sensation, like a long hot breath, that massaged Cadia's tentacles from base to tip. 

Cadia swelled up and groaned. He almost forgot about Squalo's natural aphrodisiac. It melted Cadia's defenses, making Squalo's sex the most enticing thing he ever lusted for. Cadia moaned himself, a deeper moan than Alec's. His echo caused the cave walls to emit an audible vibrate. 

As if Cadia's arousal called his name, Squalo pushed forward, entering Cadia's beak, with a long, steady kiss. Cadia made a high-pitched whimper and pressed closer, his mouth parting, tongue gently outlining Squalo's plush lower lip. 

Squalo felt warm inside Cadia's embrace. 

Alec, sandwiched between the Squids, called out, in a guttural belt. "That's so fucking hot." He groaned himself as Squalo dug a tentacle deep inside him. 

The human's approval caused Cadia's arms to engorge, knowing that Alec would leave this cave with tentacle lust after all. 

Squalo jerked Cadia off, his movements harsh and quick. Cadia squealed. The center of his suction cups doused in crimson ink, each time Squalo's gripped moved upwards. 

The arousing pressure filled Cadia up, so quickly, they thought they would pop. His suction cups bloomed and vibrated. 

Squalo dropped the track, squirming his tentacles away from Cadia and Alec. "Oh. Gross. I always forget that you are a buzzer." 

Alec groaned at the threesome's sudden stop. 

A heated pain shooted through Cadia's own tentacles. He grumbled, "Not everyone hates buzzers ... Alec really likes it in fact." 

"I don't know what I should mock first. You using your human's names or you trying to give me breeding tips." 

"Right. Fuck. I almost forgot." Everything before Squalo's aphrodisiac came in again. Cadia was about to kick Squalo out - how did that turn into a threesome? "For a second, I forgot how much a sharkhole you are." 

"I know. My charm is an amnesiac. Lucky for you, I like repeating myself." 

"You mean you like hearing yourself." Cadia's whole face twitched, from the tip of his beak to the curve of his mantle. He was frustrated, humiliated, and needed to take control over the situation. Only thing was, he didn't really know how. "You had your fun, Squalo. Now it is time to really make you leave." 
