 (Introduction: The following story is something of a sequel to 'A Lesson for Lilah'. 'Lesson' began as a bit of a lark, turned into the idea for a story, which then became an idea for a compilation. What follows here is 'episode 1', as it were.)

*******

Though I am now an old hand at what I do, there was once a time in my life that I was less than a novice. And what is that I do, you might ask? Well, I am a doloremancer, that is, I practice pain magick. This was no decision I made, no lark that I simply chose to follow, but a proud heritage. Allow me to explain.

I am half human. My father, at one point, was a powerful politician. As he is actually still in a position of power, I shall not mention his name, but he is no longer powerful in and of his own right. No, these days he is the lapdog of my mother. My mother, on the other hand, is as powerful as they come, and a real bitch. I don't mean that in any derogatory fashion, either. One of her official titles is "Bitch Queen of Hell'. Her name, though not her True Name, is Rahzorra, and she has many other honorifics: Mother of Succubi, Goddess of Pain, and Whore of the Unholy to name a few. 

I wont frighten you with the specifics of exactly what methods she used to seduce my father. Nor will I tell you of her reasons for bearing his offspring, for honestly, I do not know them. Why she sired me, what plots she thinks I will advance for her, I do not know. What I do know is that from the moment that my cock was able to thicken with lust, I carried with me her unholy thirst for inflicting pain. More than that, I possess the ability to absorb that pain, turning into the most powerful of arcane energies.

This is not the story of my abilities, however. This is the story of how I came into possession of my pet, Lilah. What I have presented thus far is merely setting the stage for what is to come.

I was far younger then than I am now, but old enough to be considered legal for all things but the drinking of alcohol. I was attending university, largely because college is such a fertile garden of innocent young victims seeking experience that it was a veritably endless supply of power. In those days I used my powers with impunity, not realizing the dangers the world held, even for one such as I.

I had learned how to make do with the lesser order of sex magick as well, for 'quick fixes'. And admittedly, even half demons just get horny every now and then. It was in the afterglow of having sated such appetites that my mother made her appearance.

Though the dorm rooms were designed for two occupants, I had used my dark magicks to ensure that I always had privacy. My roommate during my freshman and sophomore years spent his nights sleeping in the Dumpster just out back of the place, every night certain that he rested well in his warm bedwaking each morning in a stupor haze, certain he'd drank too much the night before. My dweomers were strong, even then. 

I lay on the bed of my dorm room, the girl I had used to sate my lusts was sleeping peacefully in a sticky, sweaty mess of her own making. My demon heritage affords me a need for much less sleep than full blooded humans require, and thus I lay there awake, soaking up the last of the erotic energies that seeped from her body. I gazed at the ceiling, fighting the darker urges that churned inside me, when a flare of reddish-yellow light filled the room, an effect I had seen many times before. 

My eyes were drawn to the corner of the room, just at the foot of my bed, and there I saw the familiar shape of a hellgate. Flames licked away from what amounted to a wound in the fabric of reality. From this jagged rip issued forth the distant screams of the damned mingled with the sound of clinking chains, laughing Infernites, and the approaching hiss of one of Hell's Highest seeping through the torn seam. 

I won't attempt to describe her fully, as your human mind could not grasp the fullness of her appearance any more than your human language could express her True Name. I will say this much, my mother embodies all that is lust and madness in one form. To look upon her is to desire her, despite the fact that her form has very little of humanity about it. Her skin is blacker than any night, her many eyes blaze yellow, her many hands tipped with clawed fingers capable of tearing flesh with ease. And the horn, oh, the horns... I have a theory that her horns are the very root of how we have come to call our sexual excitement 'horny'. 

My infernal blood made me proof from her aura of sexuality, thankfully, else I'd have mother issues of a totally different sort. As it was, I glared at her as I stood naked from the bed, glancing once down to the sleeping form of the girl. A whisper and a gesture was all it took to ensure she would sleep through whatever was to come, for I did not want to answer her questions, nor did I want to kill her. "Mother, you really should have phoned ahead." My voice contained within it all the disdain I carried for her.

"I see you are as impudent as ever, My son." Her voice carried with it a multiple tonality, as if she had multiple throats through which to push her words, underlying this was a sound akin to a pit of snakes all slithering across one another. I raised my chin, meeting her gaze defiantly. "Good. That will serve you well in the future. And me as well." 

She assumed that any mention that something I would do might in any way serve her would raise my ire, and she was right. "What do you want? And make it quick, as you can see, I am busy."

She laughed, "You are done with your 'business', My son. I can smell the scent of spent sex on both of you, whatever else you wish from this mortal will wait till morning. As for what I want?" She raised one of her right hands, and in her palm materialized end of a chain, the length of it leading back into the hellgate. "I come with a gift. Surely you have not forgotten that tomorrow is your birthday?"

"I want nothing more from you, mother. Don't you think you've cursed me enough?" I replied, true bitterness nearly causing my voice to crack.

Again she laughed as she tugged the end of the chain and another form resolved from the hellgate behind her, the chain in her hand leading to a stout bronze collar about the neck of the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. Her skin was dark blue and smooth as porcelain, broken only by the arcane sigils etched into her flesh. Her form was feminine, so very feminine, except for the subtly twisting black horns that rose from her forehead. She was young, as succubi went, so her horns were only perhaps two inches long, but already they drew her facial features up in an exotic fashion, her vividly lavender eyes were cast down to the floor. Of course, she was naked, and bereft of any bodily hair, but streaming form her head were waves of silky, raven black hair that draped over her shoulders to tantalizingly cover her lush breasts. 

"Lilah, meet your new Master." My mother's voice contained in it the sound of a predator teasing its prey, but which of us she was teasing, I was not sure. I realized much later that it was, of course, both of us. My mother receded into the hellgate and the wound in space/time sealed up as abruptly as it had opened, leaving this beautiful creature of seething sexuality standing before me, the chain lead of her collar dangling between her perfectly formed curves. The demoness simply stood there, eyes cast to the floor.

One of the many gifts afforded me by my mother's infernal heritage is the ability to sense the emotions of those around me. While demonic emotions are of a different quality than mortals, they do still have them, and this particular demon was angry. In fact, angry didn't even begin to express it, she was practically seething. I could relate.

"What is your name, demon?" I demanded of her. I had already heard my mother refer to her by name, but I wanted to hear this demoness speak it herself. 

"Lilah," She said immediately, but with obvious aggravation in her voice. Unlike the higher order of demons, succubi have voices that are close enough to human in tonality that nobody but the initiated could hear the difference. 

I began to suspect something, something truly intriguing, so I decided to test it. "Come closer, Lilah." Again, immediately upon hearing my words her feet began to move. I could tell by the way her feet shuffled that she actually was trying to fight it, but she was compelled to obey. As she got closer I reached out and took hold of the chain, pulling it taught, pulling her closer to me. I saw her eyes flare from lavender to red as her anger rose, and her fists even clenched as I jerked the chain to one side so I could examine the collar. 

Sure enough, there on the side in very small Infernite script was my True Name. I did not worry that some mortal sorcerer would see it, somehow translate it and use it against me because it required the eyes of a demon to even see Infernite script, and no demon would dare use my True Name against me for fear of the torments my mother would heap upon them. What this script did tell me was that the collar she wore put this demoness firmly in my control. I could command her to cut herself to pieces, and she would obey. But what a waste of lovely damned flesh that would be.

I raised my hand to her waist, resting it on her hip, and reveled for a moment in the cool, smooth skin beneath my touch. I was surprised to find her skin so cool, all things considered. I knew something of succubi, though, so I decided I would take a moment and play with the settings on my new toy. "Lilah, take the form of..." My voice trailed as I considered, my eyes scanning the room before landing on the prone form of my evening's conquest, "That girl."

Lilah looked over at the sleeping form and then looked up, actually meeting my eye with what seemed to be absolute disdain for what I was asking of her. Still, her form blurred, her flesh paling into creamy white flesh, her hair lightened from black to a light auburn. Her ample breasts firmed into smaller but still luscious orbs with pert, dusty rose nipples and her smooth mound suddenly sprouted with soft, neatly trimmed, nearly blonde pubic hair. As I watched, her eyes changed from the reddish-lavender to a deep green. As the blur settled, I couldn't at all tell the difference between the woman I'd spent the evening with, and the demoness standing before me. "Impressive, even the eye color is right."

She smiled, though there was no joy in it, "Of course it is, Master. I got that detail from you." With that one admission, I knew what she was saying. She had gleaned that detail from my own mind. Mostly likely she had intended it to be a worrisome detail, something to make me feel off my guard. To the contrary, it pleased me, and she could see that it did. And it irritated her. 

"Excellent." I remarked and dropped the chain, stalking around her, examining her naked form. The collar around her neck, though beautiful in it's own way, marred the image of the creature, and so with a few arcane words I placed a glamor on it that caused it to fade from sight. The material of the collar and the chain were infernal, crafted from the ether, and thus while a mortal could see it, they would never be able to touch it without some serious arcane mojo at work. 

"Obviously you know my mother, at least by reputation, well enough to know that we are stuck with one another. There is nothing that can be done about your collar, or the fact that it bears my name, yes?' She simply nodded, still seething at the situation. "Then you probably also know that she never does anything for anyone out of the kindness of her heart, especially since kindness and a heart are two things she does not have. You will answer me, Lilah"

Her eyes rose to meet mine, that beautiful defiance shining brightly behind them. "Yes, Master, I know that. It is quite evident that she intends to use me in some way to gain power over you."

I nodded, reaching out my hand to cup one of her breasts, marveling out how her morphing ability even replicated the warmth of the skin, the softness of her breast, and the eager way her nipple hardened as I brushed my thumb across it. "I have studied the lore regarding succubi, but admittedly, it is lore written by mortals and I am sure much of it is false. Is it true that succubi may only prey on men?"

She glanced over at the sleeping form of the girl on my bed, "No, master. Any mortal thing that feels lust is subject to the touch of the succubus, and the dark kiss." For those that may not know much of succubi, I shall elaborate on these gifts, for Lilah did not need to with me. The 'touch of the succubus' incites lust to such a degree that rational thought generally becomes impossible, and the 'dark kiss' is the means by which a succubus (and many other parasitic demon breeds) feed, drawing the life force directly from the victim. 

"And is it true that your kiss must necessarily kill the victim?"

She shook her head, "No master, but the life force granted by the final breath is the greatest. It means the difference between feeding once a week, and feeding multiple times a day." As an aside to the current action of the story, I must admit, I was becoming more and more fond of being called 'master'. Even if every time she said it, there was a touch of bitterness in it. 

"Show me." I said, gesturing again to the girl asleep on my bed. Lilah looked from me over to her, and for the first time, I think her smile was genuine. She gave me one more look before she turned away from me, sliding onto the bed with a languid stretch. 

Before I go on, in order to minimize the confusion of multiple feminine pronouns, I will make an admission and a concession. The admission is that I don't remember the girls name, for she made little impression on me. The concession being that for the sake of this telling I will give her a name. Since this event occurred in late October, I will henceforth refer to the girl in my bed as 'Autumn'. 

Lilah moved next to Autumn, her nude body pressing against the identical original, lowering one hand to Autumn's face. Autumn woke, looking around with a grin, expecting to find me, and her brow furrowed as she saw herself looking back. Lilah smiled softly and made a shushing sound. Unnoticeable by the human eye, I could see a soft wisp of violet energy pass from Lilah into Autumn, and all sense of worry left her. Autumn sighed and practically melted against Lilah as the demoness lowered her head, pressing their lips together. Autumn responded immediately, with a needy whimper, and slid her arms around her doppelganger.

I took a seat in a chair in the far corner and watched with intense interest at what followed. The kissing seemed to go on for hours, though I know it was only a few moments, before Lilah moved on to more intense forms of foreplay. The amount of sexual energy radiating from Autumn was staggering, and I drank it in hungrily. When Lilah began to slide her hands down along Autumn's curves, caressing breasts, stroking nipples, softly scratching with fingernails, the erotic sensations became almost more than I could take. Almost.

It didn't take long, though it took an eternity, for Lilah's fingers to slide down Autumn's stomach, then down further still between her thighs. Autumn spread her legs eagerly as Lilah's fingers plied those glistening, puffy lips apart, sliding between them, slicking with her excitement. Autumn moaned softly as fingers identical to her own pressed into her, a thumb just like her own teasing softly at her clit. 

I'll admit, I had a moment of jealousy here, because while I am able to draw on and use the sexual energy of others, I had always been required to obtaining it 'honestly'. I was, if I may say so, quite skilled at the obtaining of it, but still it did take effort. The touch of the succubus, however, seemed to have an immediate and profound affect on Autumn's body. Having barely just begun to slip her fingers in, Autumn was already arching her back and moaning loudly, her own fingers clawing and grasping at the bed sheets. A few moments later she was begging Lilah to fuck her harder, and Lilah was happy to oblige. 

Lilah's fingers moved with more urgency, her mouth covered Autumn's lips, neck and breasts with kisses. I found my own passion rising, my physical endowment along with them, as I watched. Very soon Autumn could no longer hold it back and with a loud cry of pleasure she released, climaxing so violently that she reached out for Lilah, dragging her nails down Lilah's back with enough force to leave bloody furrows. 

My show was not over though, for Lilah was not done demonstrating her abilities. While her fingers were still deep in Autumn's quivering cunt, Lilah lowered her head, hovering her lips just a breath away from Autumn's, and inhaled. From Autumn's gaping mouth came a silver-white 'smoke', the plasma of life, pure life-force, and Lilah took it in greedily. As I watched, the softly bleeding scratches on Lilah's back sealed and vanished. I allowed her to feed for a few moments before standing and commanding her, "Stop!"

I could see that it was hard for her to do so, but to her credit, or rather to the credit of the collar, she did. Life force could be recuperated, over time. Autumn would experience a few days of exhaustion, and a few weeks of low emotional quality, but there would be no lasting effects. Lilah turned over on her back and looked up at me with obvious disappointment in her eyes. I strode to the bed, kneeling on it near Autumn as she slowly came around, and with a gesture and a softly whispered word, I enchanted her into a deep trance. I told her she would go to her dorm room, that she would think of what had happened as nothing more than a wild, erotic dream. She agreed groggily and, in a daze, collected her things, got dressed and left.

"Master," Lilah said, with a touch of the plaintive in her voice, "I will need to feed much more if you don't let me take their lives." I knew this, of course, even demons had requirements for life. There are certain rules that are universal, the need for food being one. Of course, starving to death for a demon takes much long than it does for a human, and it's a wildly different process, but those are facts relevant to a story that happens much farther down the road. 

"I know, and you shall be fed. You shall feast upon me, Lilah." She was obviously confused, so I explained further as she looked on quizzically. "I see that you still have much to learn. We shall make your education of primary importance, Lilah. In the meantime I will simply tell you that as a half-breed demon, my own vitae is much more potent than that of mortals." I could see that even the term 'vitae' was not yet in her ken. "That is to say, I have much more life-force than they do. Further, I possess arcane skills that allow me to increase my life-force to levels that will be more than enough for your feeding purposes. You will, however, be required to obtain it through slightly different methods."

With this statement I lowered myself to the bed, lying on my back, and glanced down at my naked body, specifically at my erect member. At least this hint she seemed to take without needing it explained. She smiled again, and this time I was beyond certain that the smile was genuine. She might have resented being pressed into service, but as I said before, I know succubi, and I know that they are created with a desire for sex that is the very definition of the word 'lust'. She slid down the bed, and as her head dipped down, I could hear her whisper just before her lips engulfed my cock, "Thank you Master". 

My hand came down on her head, ostensibly guiding her in her task, though her skills and instincts were already so well honed that no guidance was necessary. I smiled as I laid my head back, growling softly as I said to her, "You are welcome, my pet. And while you are at it, lose that ridiculous human costume." She obediently allowed her natural beauty to come forth, and I must say, her horns made excellent handholds. Her appetite for my cock was exquisite, and she reacted with delight when my passions rose to the point that I shoved my length deep into her throat. When I finally came, which took her much more work than she was accustom to, she drank every drop of my seed that she could tease from my cock. Even the drop or two that landed on her chin as I withdrew were absorbed by her very flesh. 
