 Of all the nightclubs, in the entire world, I had been waiting two days to see if she would walk into mine. I was irritable. It had become difficult to ignore the nagging lust that hung around my person and distorted the shape of my pants. 

Resisting the urge to feed on all these lovely women was a compliment to my willpower and maturity. But now it was over. She was finally here, I could feel her. And I was eager to keep myself hidden. I urged my party to recuse themselves to a recently vacated booth, and there was a hurried migration of drinks and personal effects.

The pounding bass of the house music mirrored the heartbeat of half a dozen awestruck men and women. It mirrored mine too, but for entirely different reasons. All they saw was a beautiful woman, confidently striding across the dance floor. I saw a goddess who I planned to ravish.

Those she passed were momentarily thrown off their step. Ebony skin was carefully wrapped in a skin-tight white strapless dress. Her breasts broke the crowd in front like a ship's prow slicing through water. The dress framed a posterior that was more than just an ass to every sentient being present; it was a promise of heaven. 

I watched the lovely outline of those two ebony ass cheeks clothed in a white so pure you could ascribe it religious significance. I knew what lay underneath that purity, I was eager to experience it again. 

I can smell her sex; I can practically feel her pussy lips rubbing together as she walks. 

But not so eager I would tip my hand too soon and let her feel my presence before I could chose to reveal it. 

The blonde girl next to me is crying, jeans undone, one pale hand furiously fingering her cunt. I replaced that hand with my more practiced one, covering her mouth with mine to stifle her cries. She rode me through several orgasms that calmed her down enough that I could remove my hand without risking her becoming violent and irritable at its withdrawal.

I redid her pants and signaled one of her friends to keep an eye on her for me. Their attention was affixed to the ebony goddess previously mentioned, so this took some work. They nodded assent and I slapped a Benjamin on our table to cover our drinks for the evening. I felt bad I had to leave this girl in such an unsatisfied state. I hadn't been sure about the Goddess's feeding habits, and I never like spending my evenings alone. I remembered the blonde's face, I had her number, I would make it up to her on some later date.

I meandered across the dance floor towards the bar. I split up couples and made new ones. I danced with a boy who had obviously used a fake ID to get in here. Twenty-one? Try nineteen. I set him up with a woman twice his age that happened to be a Domme out looking for a new pet and made a mental note to check in on them later.

Ten minutes of dancing with two girls who insisted they were unrelated despite looking exactly alike AND have the ability to synchronously perform the most lurid of the contemporary dances with me.

When Girl Number One trailed her tongue over my clavicle and Girl Number Two began to whisper things in my ear that even I thought were a little out there, I made my exit. I deflected Number Two's propositions and entwined her limbs with those of her double, subtly disentangling myself in the process. I left them with the thought that maybe a little bit more same-sex experimentation was in order this evening and gave them the address of my favorite toy store. Ask for Nyssa, the one with the tits. 

The bass still pounded in my ears and I found my heartbeat in the music. The goddess was bending over, leaning against the bar, ass extended like an invitation. I had been hard for three days. It had been excruciating waiting for the right moment, not knowing if it would happen, and now here we were. I extended a finger, a single fingernail sharpened itself into an edge that put most mortal cutting instruments to shame.

I ran it down the middle of her dress, tracing the contours of feminine perfection. I had waited until she had pulled most of her hair over her right shoulder, twirling several silken strands in between her fingers as she flirted with the bartender. I could smell her arousal. 

Seconds later her dress still clung to her body, held on by the inertia of convenience and time. I kneeled down, drinking in the musculature of feminine thighs sculpted for divine and exquisite sin.

The dress barely covered her ass. I let my eyes linger on her naked sex exposed to the open air and my lustful gaze. I inhaled a lungful of her scent and stood up again, removing my clothes and fading into the background of the club's collective consciousness.

She suspected nothing.

Up to this point the other patrons might have observed my behavior and deemed it inappropriate. I assure the reader that stranger things happen everyday, and it brought little comment in this environment where alcohol flowed freely and people coupled freely in the darker corners of the dance floor.

Every action I took next however would elicit reactions from the other patrons that would seriously ruin my evening. A 'Glamour' fell around the two of us, a barrier that would keep the imposition of my carnal desires on the 'lady' in question private.

The dulling of the bartender's eyes was her first clue. My hands ripping off the rag that was now the dress and slamming her against the bar was the second. Her hands tried to cover her body as she gasped in surprise and shock. Being stripped naked and manhandled in a public place is unnerving no matter who or what you might be.

A drop of blood sat alone in the middle of her spine, where my fingernail had accidentally broke skin. I ran my tongue from her asshole to that droplet, pressing the head of my member against her sex as I tasted copper, penetrating her with one savage stroke. I could feel the slippery musculature of her vagina, surprised and angry at my unexpected intrusion. Finally, she screamed.

"OOOOHHHMYGO-" I cut her off, pressing her body against the bar and twisting her neck roughly so I could swallow her cries. The sound invaded my body, and made my body vibrate with her cries.

Her body shook in pleasure as she climaxed. Cunt muscles designed by a master craftsman to endure eons of penetration contracted, and we both felt the overwhelming sensation of our bodies being torn apart and put back together moment by moment as the universe destroyed and rebuilt itself just for us.

Humans got drunk, danced, and paired up so they might not have to cum alone at the end of the evening. What sex they did have, a small minority might declare it satisfying; fewer still might call it ecstasy. 

This was ecstasy.

We stepped outside time and experienced ecstasy as few humans ever did, for a moment, and then we fell to earth. She growled and placed both hands firmly against the bar, downing the shot the bartender had given her sixty seconds earlier and slammed the glass down so hard it shattered. 

She flipped her hair over her shoulder and glared at me, eyes burning with a lust I had remembered with something approaching fondness. I answered her glare by withdrawing my cock from her pussy and slamming it home again.

"Yyyeesss," she hissed, body shivering salty sweat forming on her skin

I felt muscles in my back and stomach relaxing, the sensuality of our coupling sliding between them, oiling them, preparing to aid me in the hours ahead. 

Her cunt was magnificent. Thousands of men had met their end inside it as she milked the life from them one drop at a time. Some were taken quickly, others sipped until driven insane. Not a place to be for a mortal man unless she liked you, in which case you were probably fine.

Lucky for me that I am an immortal man, my cock a reflection of her pussy. A tool designed to feed upon the carnal essence of human females, and drive Succubi like Natasha into fits of ecstasy.

"STOP. TEASING!"

I flexed my penis and she came again. I held my length within her, basking in the sensation of her muscles futilely attempting to milk my life from me. Days of withholding ejaculate from a female and abstaining from sex had made me feel clouded. I felt more assured now, my head was clear. Watching the perfection of Natasha's ass muscles and feeling the tenderness of her pussy made me feel alive. 

I began to pump her faster than she normally liked it, letting her feel the entirety of my length and steadily pushing her towards a climax. Her fingers were deftly twisting her clit as she raced ahead of me, eager to reach her next climax before I had intended it. She screamed as I brought my hand down to impact one of her perfectly formed cheeks. 

"Gaahhh! I love it when you spank me Micah! More please, hit it again! I want to feel your hands on me!

I grinned, "You missed this didn't you? Filthy little BITCH!"

SMACK!

A burgundy handprint on midnight skin. I signaled to the bartender. He poured us two shots and didn't bat an eye. I made Natasha stop rubbing her clit to hand me mine. I downed the alcohol and tasted her pussy juices on the rim from where her hand touched the glass. 

Delicious. 

I tossed it over my shoulder and mentally informed a passing waitress of its parabolic arc. She caught it neatly and I made a mental note to leave her a nice tip the next time she served me.

A tear streamed down Nattie's faced as I brutally fucked her. My hips impacted hers with a force she rarely experienced. A series of small orgasms wracked her luscious frame. I refused to slow my pace despite the best efforts of the muscles in her pussy to deter me. Every time I entered her I felt the attempts to clamp down on me, to trap my cock in her warmth. Our combined juices and my stamina made this impossible. She was at my mercy, just the way I liked it.

I leaned down and wrapped my hands around her thighs, lifting her up off the ground so we could fuck standing up. She squealed and her arms flew back so she could steady herself on my shoulders, sharp nails drew droplets of blood from my taut biceps. I lifted her up along the length of my cock and paused.

"No, no, NO! Don't drop me Micah GODDAMNIT YOU SON-OF-A-"

I dropped her, letting gravity push my entire length into her cunt, catching her at the bottom.

"FUCK YOU MICAH! WHY DOES THAT HAVE TO FEEL SO GOOD! I FUCKING HATE Y-"

I bit into her shoulder, tasting copper again, and whispered a reply to her screams:

"I missed you Nattie."

I lifted her back up my length and slowly lowered her down, fucking her gently in the middle of the bar until she cooed in sensual delight at the tender sensations this produced. I kept it up and walked us out to the middle of the dance floor, the crowd parted for us, seeing nothing.

The music was deafening and everyone was slick with sweat. I saw the twins from earlier. The Domme and her boy were gone. I was pleasuring a Succubus named Natasha by sliding her up and down the length of my erect cock the same way a man might masturbate by using his hand, not that I ever needed to do that. Several people had caught some of the raw lust that escaped my glamour and were copulating in the darker corners of the room.

I set Nattie down, letting her bare feet touch the dance floor. Her legs buckled and I held her until she found her balance.

"Let's dance," I whispered. 

She purred in response. Already joined at the hip, we began to grind against each other's bodies, my dick firmly lodged in her sex. Hands reached up to cup my face and bring me down so we could kiss. Our tongues met and we moaned, I felt her pussy squeeze the head of my cock. A squeeze that would have meant death to a regular man, since it marked the entrance to the most sacred part of a Succubus's anatomy, her womb. For an Incubi like me, it just felt fucking awesome.

Once we had finished tasting each other, we did actually just dance for a few minutes, both of us running hands over her body, pushing drops of sweat around like it was mercury. I gently pinched her nipples and felt her sigh. Her hands reached behind us to knead my ass and I dutifully played with her clit until she climaxed again, breathing in lungfuls of air as her midnight body shook in my arms.

"Enough dancing," I hissed, and grabbed her hair, bending her forward. 

Gasping, still in the throes of her last orgasm, she tried to fight back, but she was still too weak. Her tiny hands dug into my forearm, feebly trying to loosen my grip on her locks. I withdrew my cock from her and watched her calves and thighs tremble as she dealt with my unexpected absence. My member was slick with the Succubi's pussy juices.

"Let me show you how much I missed you," I whispered.

She whimpered and gasped, "Pllleeassee, be gentle."

"Never," I replied.

The mushroom head of my phallus pressed against the perfectly formed opening of her asshole. Two exquisitely shaped globes parted for me and Nattie's whole body shook as I slowly began to push my length into her.

She began to scream when the head was fully inside her. I let go of her hair and grabbed her arms just below the elbows so she couldn't hit or scratch me. I growled my lust for her. Nattie's ass was a furnace. Pressure, heat, and pain assaulted my senses, strengthening my resolve to see it through. Several inches slipped inside her when I felt her body rising on the crest of another massive orgasm. I tensed the muscles of my body and thrust every remaining inch of me into her asshole.

She screamed curses at me in several different languages as she came. My teeth were grinding together, I couldn't say anything, I just started fucking her. No mercy this time, I was within sight of the finish line. The tingle in my balls was noticeable. I had waited three days for this; I would not be denied my release.

"I LOVE YOU MICAH! I LOVE YOU WHEN YOU FUCK ME LIKE THIS!" she screamed. 

I just howled without words and buried myself even deeper on my next thrust. For a moment I let the glamour slip, and several hundred people saw the exquisite contrast of a muscled caucasian man paired with an ebony woman. Two beautiful and elegant specimens of 'humanity' rutting like beasts. Then I snapped it back over us and came.

My orgasm was massive. A torrent of semen poured into Natasha's asshole and I struggled to keep conscious. She cooed in delight as the furnace that was her butt was further warmed by the gift of an Incubi's semen, her insides lapping it up and sucking it up into her body. I kissed her neck softly as my cock softened and slid out of her.

She turned to face me and stood on tiptoe to kiss my lips. We whispered sweet nothings to each other amidst the dancers and held each other until the sun came up.