 Long ago when the world was a smaller and more magical, there lived a young girl named Ruth. She lived in a small village within the kingdom of King Aden. Ten years earlier when she was eight, her family had traveled to the capital where she witnessed the wealth and power of King Aden. She had always dreamed of ruling the kingdom one day, but alas, it was only a dream. 

One day after completing her morning chores, Ruth strolled down to a small secluded pond to bathe. She placed her dress on the branch of a very old tree and commenced bathing. When she finished she reached for her dress only to find it was caught on the branch. She tugged lightly on her dress but it remained snagged. She did not want to risk tearing her dress as she had very little clothes to her name. Ruth decided to break off the branch and then free her dress. She pulled on the twelve times but the branch would not break. She decided to climb onto a nearby log and grab the branch again, this time she launched her naked body into the air and pulled the branch down with all her weight and strength.

The limb broke off the tree and fell to the ground. She looked at the old tree and noticed the large hole left in the trunk where the limb had been. She heard laughter coming from the trunk as a strange mist appeared from the cavity where the branch had been. The mist spoke to her.

"Thank you my child for freeing me from my prison. I have been trapped there for a long time."

The frightened young nude girl asked "What are you?"

"I am a Marid, a free spirit no longer entombed in that wretched tree." Replied the mist

"What do you want with me?" Asked the girl

"I want to offer you my gratitude for giving me my freedom once again." Said the Marid

As fear left the young girl, it was replaced curiosity and cunning.

"Marid?... that is a type of Jinn is it not?" She inquired

"You are correct child. Now clothe yourself, accept my gratitude and be on your way." The Marid commanded.

The naked young girl did not do as she was commanded. She stepped toward the mist without shame and asked.

"As a Jinn you may grant wishes, is this true?" She asked.

"We may. Let me guess, you would you like to make a wish?" Asked the displeased Jinn

"Oh yes I would!" the girl answered.

"What is it that you desire?" The Jinn asked.

The poor young girl's heart was suddenly filled with greed and desire for power.

"I want to be the wealthy ruler of this kingdom" The girl wished.

"I see that my gratitude was not enough for you. You free me from my prison and greet me unclothed like a whore. You do not attempt to cover your nakedness and shame but expect me to serve you. You do not wish for happiness or love, which are noble desires, but instead you lust for wealth and power. I will, however, grant you what you ask for and also what you deserve." Stated the Marid

The marid disappeared and left the young girl standing there neither richer nor powerful. She recovered her dress and returned to her village confused and angry that her wish had apparently not been granted.

When Ruth entered her village she noticed that the Kings' soldiers were there watering their horses. The highest ranking soldier turned and saw Ruth. She was a beautiful young maiden, with long dark hair, brown eyes, and small perfectly shaped breasts. One of the other soldiers also turned and saw her; he remarked to this commander "look what we have here. I think we should accept her as a reward for our service to the king. She could please all of us." 

"Quiet! We will take her but not for us, she will be our gift to the king. King Aden will reward us well for bringing him this little beauty." Ordered the commander.

The soldiers quickly grabbed Ruth. She tried to fight and protest but she was no match for the soldiers. Upon arriving into the palace she was immediately taken to King Aden. He was very pleased with the soldiers and rewarded them with food, wine, coin, and women. Ruth was taken to the king's bed chamber and ordered to wait. She was crying when King Aden entered.

"Please your Majesty, I just want to go home." Begged Ruth.

"If you please me, I will let you go. Now take off that dress and kneel before your king." He ordered

She took off her dress and stood there naked. "Please your Majesty, I have never been with a man before." She begged again

The king smiled as he looked at her virgin pussy covered with a thin brown bush and commanded "Kneel!" 

Ruth did as she was told and the king opened his robe to reveal his royal cock. It was a long thick cock worthy of a king. He walked toward the kneeling Ruth.

"You will do all your king commands you to do! Now open your mouth and suck the royal cock." He ordered

She opened her mouth and he shoved his cock inside. She began to gag as the king shoved his cock in further but she dared not stop him. Soon her nose was pressed into his pubic hair and his cock was down her throat. She held her breath as the king began to pound his cock in and out of her mouth. Suddenly the king withdrew his cock from the Ruth's mouth and ordered her to "Now lie upon the bed on your back, grab your knees and spread your legs wide. I want to see the fruit I will be harvesting."

She did as King Aden had ordered, spread her legs and tried to suppress a sob in her sore throat. The King placed his fingers on the young maidens' labia and spread her open to inspect her virginity. 

"You have told your king the truth; you have not been with a man. Let me reward you for your honesty." The pleased King said

King Aden placed his face closer to Ruth's innocence and began lightly licking her labia. His tongue gently darted in and out of her pink opening. Ruth had never felt anything like this before, she was scared but this also felt good to her. The king's tongue soon found the young virgin's clit which he began to orally massage. Ruth could feel an intensity building within her, one she had never known before. Her hands gently rested on the back of the king's head as she cooed "Oh your majesty, that is wonderful, please don't stop."

The king continued his gentle assault on Ruth's clit. Ruth slid one hand up to her firm breast and began to knead her nipple in rhythm with the king's tongue. An incredible wave of pleasure began to pour through her body as she found it difficult to lie still and she shouted "Oh! Oh! Yes! Thank you your majesty! Yes! Yes! Thank you!"

King Aden lifted his talented tongue from Ruth's well lubricated pussy and said "Now I give you the honor of being deflowered by the King."

He climbed onto the bed and placed the head of his cock at the entrance to her undisturbed treasure. He pushed into her slowly and steadily, when he felt a slight resistance he thrust harder, burying his cock into the young girl for the first time.

Ruth wanted to scream, but was afraid she might anger the king, so she bit her lip as tears ran down her cheeks.

Soon the pain was mixed with a strange pleasure she had never known. The king continued to thrust in and out of her burning pussy. As her opening became more accommodating to his cock, the king began to thrust even harder. "How does that feel? You are my whore now, how does it feel to be the King's whore?" He asked.

Ruth began to fee the pleasure building inside of her and answered "It feels good you're Majesty."

"Tell me you're the King's whore now, tell me!" He demanded.

"I am your whore, sire, I love being your whore" She responded.

Unexpectedly King Aden stopped fucking Ruth, climbed off and stood at the foot of the bed. "Come here whore! Turn over onto your knees and put your head down on the bed so your pretty arse is in the air."

Ruth complied with his wishes. She was confused and disappointed that the King had halted his thrusting just as she was about to experience that great wave of pleasure again. King Aden looked at down upon his conquest. He had only one more uncharted area to invade. He spat on her arse, rubbed the head of his cock on her virginal brown button and thrust forward until he was passed the sphincter.

Ruth screamed in pain and began to cry. This only seemed to please the King more.

He continued to push into her anus a little deeper with each thrust until at last he was fully inside her.

Ruth felt as though she had been split in half. The assault on her forbidden hole only seemed to intensify. She now feared King Aden more than ever but she resigned herself to accept whatever he would do to her with the hope that he would be pleased and let her go. She felt herself began to relax, and strangely this unnatural invasion of her body although still painful began to give her pleasure. She responded by rocking back to meet the kings thrusts. 

King Aden continued his pace when he began to feel the familiar stirring in his loins. He would be planting the royal seed soon. He pulled out of her arse and ordered her "Turn around now and suck my cock." 

As disgusting at this act seemed, it could not match her fear of what might happen if she refused. Ruth turned around looked into King Aden's eyes and answered "Yes you're majesty." 

Ruth sucked his foul cock into her mouth, bobbing her head so she could control how far he went into her throat. He withdrew his cock and shouted "Open your mouth!"

The first stream of cum hit her in the eye and trailed down across her upper lip. The next several streams of cum all landed in her awaiting mouth.

Ruth's eyes were now closed due to the cum and she could taste the sweet salty seed of the King on her tongue. She did not know what to do next. Fortunately King Aden told her exactly what to do.

"You may now swallow my entire gift to you."

Ruth swallowed the mouthful of cum. King Aden ordered her to "Milk my cock for the rest of your treat and swallow that too. Let us not forget that which in your eye, must also be swallowed."

Ruth did as she was commanded.

The King began to feel unusually tired. He climbed onto the bed, rest his head on his pillow and fell asleep. Ruth was sore, dirty, and in a strange place. She wanted to leave but she too felt unusually tired. She climbed onto the bed beside King Aden and soon fell into a deep sleep.

The young girl awoke at sunrise alone in the kings' bed. She felt different somehow. As she gazed over at a mirror large mirror on the wall she saw a reflection. The reflection however was not hers, it was that of the king. She had somehow transformed into the king himself. She noticed that she not only had the kings' body but also had access to his memories as well as her own. Her wish had come true she was now ruler of the kingdom. The Marid had fulfilled her wish. The excited young maiden embraced her first day as king, eating the finest food, drinking the best wine, having dominion over all her subjects. That evening a strong lust for sex began to build within her new body. She, or now it would be He ordered the palace guards to bring another young peasant woman, as she had been, for his pleasure. He had yet to use his new male body for sex but knew he must obey the lust he was feeling. A young woman was brought before him and he treated this woman as she had been treated the night before. When he was done, he ordered her back to her village as he did not feel she was worthy enough to sleep in the kings' bed. He awoke at sunrise. He was no longer in his palace bedroom but instead he found himself in a shabby little dwelling, wearing women's clothing again. He feared he had turned back into his former self so he ran to a nearby barrel of water and gazed at his reflection. He did not see the king nor his former self. The face staring back at him was that of the peasant girl from the night before. Angry and feeling cheated she returned to the tree where she had encountered the Marid and screamed "Where are you? You cheated me you jackal!" She then heard laughing as a mist appeared once more."

"Why do you laugh? I was supposed to the ruler of this kingdom. You have cheated me! Cried the girl

"You wished to be a wealthy ruler you whore, and you were, for one day. You got what you wished for and now you will get what you deserve." Said the Marid

"Why are you doing this? I do not understand." She said

"You did not appreciate my gratitude, nor were you happy with the person you were born to be. Therefore you will not be the young girl you were before, your spirit will inhabit the body someone else. You have become the young girl you raped last night, and so it will be that whomever you whore yourself with, into that person's body will you temporarily reside." Cursed the Marid

"I have learned from my mistake, I apologize for my greed. Won't you please give me back my old body?" The girl pleaded

"You will only return to your true form when another of my brethren grants a wish to another greedy soul." Said the Marid

The young girl sobbed and asked "How will my spirit flow into someone else?"

"You will have many lovers as your urge to lay with others will be great. All your lovers will be cursed by having you temporarily occupy their bodies. The depraved acts you commit during your temporary occupation will remain in their memory and yours. The last lover you have before returning to your true form will assume this curse. By choosing to lay with you, this poor lover will begin the cycle anew. This curse will only be broken when greed and lust no longer rule mankind."

**********

It had been so easy, almost too easy. Casey had graduated from the university last Thursday, moved to the city on Wednesday and was supposed to start his new job on Monday making six figures. It was now just after midnight Saturday and here he was lying in his bed getting his cock sucked by a beautiful redhead. Hell, he had only been in the club for about fifteen minutes when she approached him and started flirting. After one drink and one dance they left for his apartment and here he was now. 

"I can tell I am going to like life in the city." He said to himself.

The next morning Casey awoke in his bed, he could feel a smooth leg pressing against his own. He turned to greet his beautiful one night stand, and saw not the beautiful red head from the night before, but instead a thin black woman with short hair. Casey jumped out of bed and yelled "Who are you and how did you get in my bed?"

The black woman got up looked at Casey, ran to look in the bathroom mirror and began to laugh hysterically. The laughter turned to tears.

"It's over! It's finally over!" She cried as she walked back into the bedroom.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Shouted Casey

"Oh honey, you better go look in the mirror." Laughed the black woman

Casey walked into the bathroom, while carefully keeping an eye on the crazy lady behind him. He turned to look into the full length mirror on the bathroom wall. He did not see his own reflection, he saw the beautiful redhead from the night before looking back at him. He raised his hand to his face as did his reflection. He looked down and saw beautiful C-cup breasts where his chest hair used to be. He instinctively reached for his cock but it was not there, instead he only felt the cum stained pussy that he fucked the night before. Casey felt queasy.

"You had better sit down. Let me help you back to the bed." Suggested the black woman.

"I know you are in shock right now but I need to explain a few things to you." Said the now very serious young black woman.

"I don't understand. Why am I the slut from last night? Wait my name is Candace, I mean her name is Candace and she is a college student. What is happening?" said a panicked Casey.

"I have a story to tell you, it will sound unbelievable but we both now know it is true." Began the black woman.

She related the story of the young maiden and the marid (or as she called him "genie"). Casey sat quietly and listened to the story. When she was done, Casey asked "so this is temporary, I will get my old body back? I am supposed to start a new job on Monday."

"Oh dear, I am afraid you don't understand. I assumed the curse in 1946 from a white marine back from the war in Europe. He said he had the curse since 1925. I have inhabited thousands of bodies waiting for the curse to be lifted. Today I have finally regained my old body. I am Josephine once again, and I am still as young as I was in 1946. Halleluiah." Said Josephine

"That is over sixty years, I can't wait sixty years!" exclaimed Casey

"That is why they call it a curse; it ain't supposed to be easy." Josephine said.

"What am I supposed to do now? What are you going to do now? you don't have a place to live, a job, money. What going to happen to you?" Asked Casey

"Well first, you are going to go back to Candace's home and life. She is still inside you and you know all of her memories so you can live her life for a few days until the urge to screw become too great. Then after you fuck you will get sleepy and wake up as someone else." Said Josephine.

"So I have to fuck another person? Can I only fuck women because I don't think I could handle being with another dude?" Asked Casey

"You had better get over that fear right now. In case you haven't noticed that is a pussy between your legs, you're not a man anymore. You will fuck and suck everybody, besides it does not work with someone of the same sex, I already tried that." Stated Josephine.

"What about Candace, the chick whose body I'm in right now. Where is she?" asked Casey

"Candace will remember everything from these two days but who is going to believe her. Some people I inhabited were fine, some became sluts, and some couldn't handle the shame and committed suicide. You can't worry about them. Remember they get their body back, you are still cursed until you find yourself again." Said Josephine

"What about you?" Asked Casey

"I will be fine. I followed the advice that marine gave me in 1946 and I suggest you do the same. Take some money from every person you inhabit and buy gold, silver, stocks, something that will last many generations, and hide it in a very safe place that will not be discovered. Banks are useless because your ID keeps changing. After sixty years I have over 4 million dollars stashed away. I intend on getting an official ID and living the rest of my life in comfort as myself. I suggest you prepare for the future as well." Josephine advised.

Josephine continued " I am going to take some of your man clothes since you won't need them anymore, and I am going to start my life again except this time I am going to remain celibate. I am not going to get caught by that curse again!" Exclaimed Josephine

Josephine got dressed, wished Casey good luck, and left.

Casey, still feeling as though this was a dream wandered into the bathroom. He pissed for the first time as a woman.