 This is my first foray into erotic fiction and I do enjoy constructive feedback on my stories. The Visitor is an old character of mine and I'm sure he'll keep on popping up. As for some of the other characters, I know the classic fantasy grouping of a fighter, mage, thief and cleric is somewhat cliché, but it works for this story and I still like the combo. Anyhow I hope you enjoy the first part of my tale. 

PROLOGUE - The Visitor

In the middle of a clearing in the primeval forest, the moonlight rained down—illuminating it with an eerie light. The sounds of the night creatures quickly cut off as a charge built up in the air. In the silence, the very air seem to twist and bend—protesting at this unnatural disturbance. A figure formed slowly in the distorted space. After which, the charge in the air faded and the forest sounds slowly returned. The man who appeared looked around to see where he materialized. He appeared to be somewhere in his twenties—young, strong, and handsome. The stranger was not overly muscled, but he looked well-toned with very little to no fat on his frame. His head was topped with short blond hair and a matching goatee. His eyes could not be seen since he wore a pair of dark sunglasses—strangely these did not seem to hinder him in the least even though it was in the middle of the night.

The Visitor took a moment to take in the forest around him. He had no idea of when or where he could be. He had wandered time and space often seeing alternate Earths and other more exotic locales. While he didn't look for trouble, it always seemed to find him. With a sigh he started for the forest. He had no idea where he was, but he knew that if he started walking, he would eventually find some civilization. If he didn't, he would just wait for one to form or for the strange agency behind his exile to send him to yet another world. After many hours of walking, he came upon a forest path. He carefully looked up and down the trail before deciding to flip a coin to determine what direction to go. With his direction chosen, he continued on his way.

ONE

Gavin and his party was not having a good time. First, their rogue Alan had "found" a map with a journal that promised untold riches and powerful artifacts. Priest Smythe was interested since some of the entries suggested that there were valuable religious artifacts in this trove. Zenn, their wizard was drooling over some of the listed arcane artifacts. Even Gavin was itching to discover some of the rumored magical arms and armor. Unfortunately, it was all a trap set by the Dark One's followers in retaliation for the destruction and looting of several temples by the adventurers. All of Gavin's group nearly died as hordes of monsters poured out of the ruins the map had taken them to. If Zenn had not been hording the last remaining charges of his teleport ring, they would have been lost. As it was, Gavin and his friends needed a place to rest, heal, and plan their next move.

As they limped down the forest path they came upon a sign. "The Loving Lady Inn?" Smythe read. "That sounds like a good place to meditate." By meditate, he of course meant doing a lot of drinking and fucking. Smythe followed the Goddess Veradia—goddess of nature, love and sex—and she encouraged that behavior. Gavin could see the attraction to the church and why its attendance was so high.

"It is odd that a place like that would be out this far. Zenn, are you sure you know where that 'port took us?" asked Gavin.

"Well...at least we didn't teleport inside a mountain." replied the wizard after recalling that they had to do an extremely dangerous blind teleport. "If I hadn't did that, we'd be dead anyway. Besides, this looks like a good place to get ourselves together since we did loot some coin beforehand."

Alan was keeping quiet since he felt a certain responsibility for their near-death experience, but he nodded his agreement with the current plan. Perhaps after some serious drinking and wenching would lighten everyone's mood and even let them laugh as they recalled surviving their misadventure. Yes, he thought, some ale and pussy would be just the thing to soothe their woes.

The wind carried a provocative scent from the direction of the inn. It was inviting, drawing the men into paradise. The adventurer's aches were muted and their pace picked up as they made their way to the inn. After a slight bend, The Loving Lady came into view. It looked out of place in the middle of nowhere, but perhaps this road was more travelled than the adventurers had initially thought. The building was elegantly built, it looked elven in design, but the ornamentation showed the influence of many races and cultures. The suggested that this was a trading road that saw heaver traffic. The sign that hung over the door had a picture of a naked tart—arms and legs spread wide—inviting travelers to come in. There were several merchant wagons at the side of the building that were being guarded by men that looked like half-ogres. This seemed to confirm that this road saw regular traffic.

The door swung open and a scantily-clad beauty stepped out and looked their way. "Come in! Come in! You poor guys look like you tried to wrestle an minotaur! We have all that you need to get you back into top shape again!" With the door open, the inviting scent was even stronger. It caressed the noses of the four men as they moved even faster to the door. They were too besotted to catch the predatory look in the tavern wench's eyes. Inside, there were a few men sitting at the tables drinking and playing with the harlots of the inn. The scent was intoxicating as his party went up to the bar to rent rooms while they recovered. As a stunning, top-heavy redhead took their coin, a different beauty took each man by the arm and led them to their rooms.

A sexy blond lead Gavin into his room. "My name is Crystal. I'm here to serve your needs. You look all bloody and grimy from the road. Let me bathe you." Gavin did not see any problem with that suggestion as he took in Crystal's body. She was not one of the near-skeletal women favored in some lands. She had a delightfully curvy body what was topped off by some of the most perfect breasts he ever saw. They stood out of her chest full and proud. Gavin wondered if there was some sort of enchantment that did that for her. Some of Smythe's special spells could do that sort of thing. 

He was lost in her beauty as her flimsy dress fell to the floor. Her tits were even more magnificent uncovered, her dark areola surrounding perfect nipples standing erect from the soft flesh. Her nicely rounded legs lead up to a perfect curvy ass while her pussy was bare. Gavin could see the dampness at her cleft and he knew he was going to enjoy his time here. Perhaps he could move in and forget all the adventuring.

He was lead to the tub. "Don't get in yet, let me wash some of this grime off of you." The warrior watched as she slowly soaped up herself up with an aromatic soap, running her hands sensually over her curves—teasing him mercilessly before starting on him. She used her body to help soap him up, rubbing against his body and using her hands to assist. The warrior took in his breath as the beauty wrapped her hand around his straining cock and started to stroke. Their mouths met in a hungry kiss, intertwining tongues wrestled for supremacy with neither caring who won. Her smell was almost overpowering, full of promise of sex and even greater pleasures. His mind was growing foggy, but he was too lost in her embrace to care. The beauty took a bucket engraved with runes and depictions of a man and a woman coupling in a verity of positions while bathing. The hot and lightly scented water was poured over him, soothing the aches and pains of his previous misadventure. Refilling from a large basin, she slowly rinsed him off, leaving no spot untouched. 

After the sensual rinse the two embraced and kissed again before he was lead to the bath. Unsurprisingly it could easily fit the both of them as their foreplay was resumed in the water. Gavin slowly kissed his way to her neck, where he lightly sucked and nibbled her, eliciting a soft moan from the girl. He then continued his way down to her silky tits, kissing around her areola and teasing her nipples. When she couldn't take anymore, she pressed his head against her beautiful bosom. The warrior took the hint and preceded to suck and nibble on her erect nipples. He felt her lift up her body, only to impale herself on his painfully hard cock. How she kept so slick even in the water did not cross his mind as she slowly rode him. The muscles of her pussy stroked his cock, squeezed it, and brought him to new heights of pleasure. Yet as good as he felt, he was kept on the edge of cumming. Somehow, she seemed to sense when he was about to pop and would change her rhythm until he cooled down. The beauty on the other hand experienced orgasm after orgasm. After what felt like ages, she let him cum, exploding into her the biggest nut he had ever felt. He came so hard that swore that he could feel a tugging at his very soul. The last thing he saw was a look of triumph as everything went black.

---

The visitor looked at the sign for a minute to let his translation facility to decipher the runes. He wondered if this ability was some sort of specialized combination of telepathy and psychometery since it didn't matter if the language was spoken or written. As the runes started to make sense, he chuckled. At an inn he could find out more about this world he appeared in and this particular one sounded interesting. 

By now he had acquired money, clothes, and a horse from some bandits that tried to rob him. At the end of the fight, with the survivors fleeing for their lives, he was able to salvage enough from their hastily evacuated camp to allow him to travel and buy any necessities he might need on the road. He gently dug in his heels to get the horse moving towards the inn. He noted a pleasant scent in the air coming from the direction that the sign pointed.