 I simply could not wait until I received more feedback since this story is "demanding" to be told. Sometimes you have to let it out so you can get to your next story. This part is a bit longer and to be honest, I never know how big a piece will be until it's "on paper". Here's the part 2 of "The Inn"

TWO

Valdissa looked over her prisoner locked in the ornate cage at the center of the chamber. The succubus stood well over six feet tall with a nicely curvy body that just begged to be fucked. Her skin, eyes, and hair were all a jet-black. Her devilish heritage expressed itself with her wings that currently looked like a black cloak that opened enough to show her large, gravity-defying tits. Her head was crowned with a pair of delicate-looking horns and from her rear whipped a long tail with a stinger at the end. The darkness of her skin drank in the light, giving her an erotic, shadowy appearance. The cage that imprisoned her victim was surrounded by a complicated series of circles and runes all glowing a sickly red. Succubi circled the cage licking, rubbing, and fucking each other within smaller circles placed at each cardinal direction—filling the chamber with their beguiling scent, the smell of sex, and their moans of lust. Just under the sounds of the orgy, a soft chanting was heard as the devilish whores' ritual continued to chip away at Smythe's divine protections. Valdissa knew that as a cleric of a goddess who counted sex as one of her spheres of influence, this poor fool who wandered into her trap had some specialized protections versus the succubi's usual tricks. It was not impossible, but it did take time to break them down. The she-devil smiled at the thought of how delicious his soul would taste once he was broken and the connection to his goddess was severed. Yes, he'll be delicious indeed.

Smythe knew he was pretty fucked. Between the enchanted cage and the ritual around him, he couldn't make the direct connection to his goddess and bring some of his stronger magic to bear. The silvery glow of his tattoo's counter-magic was still shining bright, but he didn't know how much he could keep it up now that his main connection was blocked. He sat in the middle of the cage naked, with his raging erection showing that he was not completely immune to the scene around him. The problem for the succubi was that his protections spelled doom for any who tried to suck out his soul with sex.

"Keep fighting priest. It will only make our victory all the more delicious as that bitch of a goddess loses one of her servants. Now...how shall I break you?" Valdissa looked thoughtful as she went through some of the ways that her kind used to break the servants of the accursed deities.

"I can hold out longer than you think she-bitch!" Smythe replied with far more confidence than he felt. He had heard the stories of what happened when he was studying at the temple. Those that escaped were often changed after the experience, but not many did escape.

"Resist as long as you wish, I am patient and you will break eventually. Ahh! I know the perfect plan to break you now! We'll keep this up until you get so worked up that will not even care what it is that you'll fuck. Once you reach that point, we'll toss in a small child we have locked up. Just the thought of her screams as you rape her makes me feel all quivery inside."

Smythe looked in horror at the succubus. If he gave in to the evil magic trying to sap his will, he would be committing a monstrous crime that Veradia would never forgive. The priest knew that while the succubi were not able to touch him with his tattooed wards, an innocent would be able to bypass those protections. The thought of harming a child in such a horrific way turned his stomach. Another issue was that he would permently lose his connection to the goddess and be cursed for the rest of his soon to be short life. He redoubled his efforts to try to hold off the dark magics trying to corrupt him. Valdissa just laughed at his discomfort. "Yes, yes...your struggles only make your submission only sweeter. I think we'll keep you around for a while just to savor your pain. You can join your friends in the larder once you are good and broken.

Smythe looked at the rows of fleshy pods that lined the walls of the room. Some of them held victims to be consumed later while others waited for more "fresh meat". Earlier, he was forced to watch as each one of his friends were wrapped up by the tentacles that emerged from each pod and drew their struggling bodies inside. Inside the poor victim was kept in a semi-conscious state at the verge of orgasm. Those that were imprisoned for too long that had been rescued from other succubi nests were almost mindless from the sexual torture. It was a kindness to end their lives at that point.

"Humm...I think there's another morsel who has wandered into our trap. This is turning out to be a good week for us." Valdissa smiled at the thought of adding to her pantry. She had this group of adventurers, a couple of merchant trains, and some bandits that were running from some sort of monster they couldn't handle. Those that were too weak to save were already consumed and the rest lay in the pods. "I hope this one is stronger than some of the other trash that stumbled in."

THREE

The visitor looked up at the beauty that walked out to greet him. "Hello there! You look like you've been on a long journey. Come on in and take a rest from the road. We have what you need to refresh yourself. You can leave your horse at the stables around the inn." The succubus looked at the man who blithely walked into his death. He was handsome, well-built and had an aura around him that made her slit start to moisten. Unconsciously, she began to pump out more of her beguiling scent. One odd thing that did stand out was the dark lenses in a wire frame that he wore on his face.

"Thank you" the man answered. "You can call me Dorian." It was a name he just chose for the occasion. In his time he had used many names as his original one was long forgotten. He looked up at the young beauty—estimating that she had to be around eighteen or nineteen. She had an attractive and somewhat slender build. Her petite tits looked perfect on her frame and her long black hair framed an exquisite porcelain face. 

"I am Anne, come on in when you're done and perhaps we can get to know each other better." At that, Dorian nodded and led his horse to the stables. He didn't really need the horse or gear, but he had learned long ago that taking the slower way around allowed him to learn more about where he appeared. The clothes he had scavenged from the bandits replaced the older ones that had seen too much wear even though he could make them look like whatever he wanted. He had never got the knack to actually doing more than cosmetic changes to his outfit. The scent that still tickled his nose was even stronger at the inn—if he actually breathed it would have been overwhelming and that did make him a little wary.

When he stepped into the inn, he saw a few merchants and other travelers from the road eating, drinking, and enjoying the feminine company. Again, something about the scene bothered Dorian, perhaps it was his natural paranoia of being in a world where he didn't know the rules very well. "Come on! Let's get you a room so we can wash the grime and sweat off of you. You'll feel so much better." As he headed up to his room, all of the succubi sniffed at the air and wondered when they'd get their turn feeding off of the new victim.

"Lead on then. I could use a good bath." While he didn't sweat, he still picked up a lot of dust off of the trail. The invitation in the girl's eyes was also enticing. How long had it been since he held someone in his arms? That thought overrode his usual caution—his children had the potential to be extremely dangerous, but he still felt the need for companionship. He allowed Anne to lead him to a room, where she drew a key out of her pocket and unlocked the door. Dorian let himself be let in, and his hostess followed right behind and closed the door.

"Let's get those filthy clothes off of you now" Anne said as her dress dropped to the floor. Dorian took in the sight of the naked girl in front of him. He liked all sorts of women and this one was gorgeous. Out of her dress, her trim body looked even better. Her petite and firm tits invited him to suckle on those perky nipples. Her hair down below was shaved clean inviting him to bury his face and then his cock into her sex. He started to strip down with the assistance of the beauty in his room, but when she reached for his glasses, he held her hand and shook his head. She didn't understand why, but she moved to the next article of clothing. Once he was naked, she let him hold her in a strong embrace and turned her head to accept the hungry kiss he planted on her mouth. Their tongues fought for supremacy in a contest where there was no losers, just bliss. She felt a strange tingle and heat from that kiss—suddenly she felt stronger than she ever had before. Flushed with her pussy now a flood, she allowed the stranger to lay her down onto the bed without breaking the kiss. She swooned as he moved down to suck on her firm nipple. His hands seemed to know where every sensitive spot was on her body as his hands travelled all over. Her head was spinning too much from lust and the charge from the kiss.

He moved down farther, laying soft kisses down her belly to her wet cunt. Once there, he proceeded to worship it with the experience he gained from countless lovers over countless worlds. Anne began to scream in pleasure as that experienced mouth and tongue did things to her that she didn't think was possible. Even when she wrapped her legs around his head he still kept going and the succubus was too far gone to notice that he never came back up for air. She lost track of how many times she came when he pulled away in order for her to return the favor. Anne's eye's widened when she finally got a good look at his hard cock, it had to be ten inches and was proportionally thick. A normal woman would have been truly frightened, but to a succubus it was irresistible. She took hold of his fat member and breathed on it gently. The stimulation caused his cock to jump a bit before she began to lick his pole from the head down to his root. She progressed down to his sack, where she first took one and then the other large nut into her mouth. She then worked her way back up to his helmet before taking his cock, oozing copious amounts of pre-cum, into her mouth. His juices seemed unnaturally hot and again she began to tingle all over. "Fuck me! Fuck me now!" she shouted. Pulling and laying back, she spread her legs in anticipation. 

Dorian moved in between her legs and began to tease her slit with his dick which only drove the succubus even crazier. Next he started to inch in and slowly pull out—mercilessly teasing her and bringing her to yet another orgasm. "Please...fuck me now...please...please...please..." The visitor finally relented and began to give her the pounding of her life. She was wracked by an unending orgasm as he pistoned in and out of her tight pussy. He picked her up into his arms without pulling out to continue his assault on her snatch. For Dorian, he felt one of the most amazing pussies he had ever fucked. It undulated around his cock in its attempt to milk out his juices. Even with his control, he knew he would cum soon; it had been so long and this girl was exceptional. With a roar, he shot his seed into the succubus' hungry snatch. Instinctively, she sucked in his life force. Where a typical man's energy could be likened to a bottle or even a keg of fine ale, she found herself trying to drink down and endless ocean of star fire. Dorian's eyes opened wide behind his lenses as the succubus made the terminal mistake of trying to drain his immortal life-force. In a split second, a good section of the inn and the succubus was vaporized in the plasma explosion. Dorian was blown away, smashing through several trees before everything went black.