 Anastasia glanced upward towards the sky and saw that it was almost a perfect blue without a cloud in sight. 'Damn', she thought as she wiped sweat from her forehead. Even under the shade of the hard plastic canopy which hung from the small building their organization operated out of she was beginning to roast under the midday sun. But she wasn't about to complain, especially not as the faces of those far less fortunate than herself passed by. Some of them had stood in the single file line for half an hour protected from the sun by only the occasional tree just to receive a bowl of soup, a small piece of meat, and a hunk of bread to eat. She smiled warmly at two little boys who presented their white ceramic bowls to her and she poured a cup of vegetable soup into them and watched their little arms sag from the added weight. They both politely thanked her.

"Are you guys going to be playing soccer later?"

The older of the two appeared to be 7 or 8 years old. He looked to his father who stared almost expressionless off into the distance. She could tell by the relative health of his sons compared to his sunken cheeks and bony arms that he must have been sharing his portions with his kids. Sadly, it wasn't unusual for a parent to need to decide between feeding themselves and their kids these days.

"Sir," she prompted him to bring his bowl to her. Breaking from his trance he gave her an apologetic look and moved down the row. Though there wasn't a lot of extra food available Anastasia added a little extra to his bowl. "Have a blessed day sir."

She looked down the line and saw that it extended passed where she could see. The pot in front of her was growing empty and she knew that there wasn't much more left after this. It had been a rough year for donations. Most of their primary donors came from wealthier countries like the US and Mexico but the recent worldwide economic downturn had substantially reduced aid from them. The burden was made worse when the local economy began to suffer as well causing the number of those in need to increase. They just had to do their best with what they had which included her parents donating a greater portion of their own money to keep things running.

While her family was not excessively rich they were fortunate enough to have more than they needed. Her parents operated a large coffee farm in her home country of Colombia and recently purchased a tobacco farm in the Dominican Republic where they'd also opened Dominica Relief Foundation. They'd been able to afford to send her to University where she received a Bachelor's of Computer Engineering just over a month ago. Now that she had graduated she was looking for real work but in the meantime she was happy to spend her time volunteering here just as she had the previous two of summers along with her sister who had started attending University the previous year. Both of them knew how important this work was to their parents who had been dependent on the goodwill of an organization like this one many years ago when they had been down on their luck. It was their policy to try and repay debts tenfold when they could.

Wiping away more sweat, she caught a glimpse of a reflection coming down the dirt road into the village. Being that almost nobody traveled that road it wouldn't be hard to identify who it might be once the vehicle came into view. She filled a couple more bowls before looking up again and could now make out that it was a black sedan with tinted windows and an impeccable shine to it. Only someone of remarkable affluence could afford such a car and this is the third time it had driven through here this month. Her thoughts were interrupted as an elderly couple took their place before her in line.

When his car had slowed to a halt, Karl swept his eyes over the mass of humanity gathered in this small, dusty area. Almost half of the village must have been either waiting in line or congregating in any patch of grass or dirt covered in shade. If he'd taken the time to notice, he might have wondered how incongruous it seemed that so many could be fed by an organization that was run out of a building that was nothing more than a tin hut. But of course, he wasn't concerned with that. What did concern him was the distance he had to cover to reach the woman he could only scarcely see in the distance. Though the narrow dirt road extended much further in the direction he needed to travel, the savages had built shanties and lean-tos that obstructed access to it. He sneered his disapproval at the obstacles and steeled himself to walk through the wrenches responsible for them.

For a moment, he saw her glance his way. He'd seen her before and though they'd never spoken he'd been sufficiently distracted by her beauty during both of his previous visits. She was a couple inches shorter than him standing about 5'6. Her light brown skin tone gave away the fact that she wasn't native to this island almost as much as her accent did. Her wavy and tangled black hair was a few inches longer than shoulder length and while it showed signs of damage from frequent exposure to the sun and wind, the natural way that it settled around her face only added to her beauty. If she had a flaw then it was that she never wore any makeup and always dressed in a conservative and unalluring clothing which failed to show off her breasts or midriff which he could tell were quite appealing. Today she was wearing dark blue t-shirt that had some red letters on it that he couldn't make out. He figured that she'd also likely be wearing blue jeans and sandals.

Taking a deep breath, he pushed open the car door and stepped out into the sun and blazing heat. The scent of the vegetable soup hit him even from the distance he stood from where they were cooking.

Anastasia would have attempted to be polite and not gawk at the approaching man but that was difficult to do when everyone around her turned to stare at him. Nearly half of the people in line began walking in his direction, clearly remembering that he had handing out American dollars to several people during his last visit just for speaking with him about some project. She couldn't blame them for their excitement. A couple of dollars was almost a full days pay to many of them and they knew he'd paid far more if he decided to hire them to perform a job. She could hardly imagine why such an obviously wealthy man would need to hire laborers from an aid station unless he was either very charitable or very immoral. She tried not to judge him, but something about him suggested that it was the latter.

Karl pushed his way through the throngs of people with their hands out. He had expected some sort of reception after foolishly taking pity on a small handful of people the last time he had come here but this was much worse than he had anticipated. There had to be at least a hundred emaciated arms reaching out in a way that reminded him of what the zombie apocalypse would look like. They clearly thought that he was a saint or Santa Clause, but he was ready to kill that perception.

"I'm sorry, sorry, not today," he said pushing a young teen aside but two more took his place. "I need to talk to someone over there. No, not you. Hey!" he called out as he felt someone reach into his pocket and then begin to run away with something in his hand.

Anastasia couldn't see what had happened through the crowd but based on the man's reaction and the boy running, it wasn't hard to put two and two together. "Dimitri!" she attempted to shout over the din of the crowd. "Dimitri!" she shouted again as the fleeing teen continued to run but looked back in her direction. In Spanish she yelled out, "God's watching you right now and so is your mother! Is this what you want them to see?" She stepped around the side of the table and in the direction of the boy who was close to disappearing into an alley but he had slowed to a trot and seemed uncertain what he should do. After a moment he lowered his head and began walking back towards the man before returning his wallet.

"Thanks," Karl said ungratefully to the dirty faced kid as he snatched this wallet out of his hand. He warily eyed a handful of others who seemed a bit too focused on his wallet.

"I'm so sorry," she said apologetically. With a reproachful glance back at Dimitri she professed, "He's a good kid, usually."

She took a moment to size up the man whose expression softened as he turned his attention to her. He wore black pants and shoes along with a charcoal gray jacket, white shirt, and black and blue tie. He'd worn similar business attire during his two previous visits. The hair that he still had was gray and cut short which matched his well-manicured goatee. He had a slick yet flighty look about him that reminded her of the science professor she'd had. He wasn't particularly attractive due in part to his sunken eyes and soft body, but she thought that lost a few pounds it could do wonders for him. There was something about the way he looked at her that made her uneasy but she'd felt this way about any number of people in the past who proved to be wonderful individuals, so as she was accustomed to doing, she gave him the benefit of the doubt.

Karl did his best to appear casual as she walked up to him but his body betrayed him when a nervous shiver caused him to become unsteady. He was no stranger to gorgeous women and wasn't intimidated when he paid for their company, but when it came to talking to them on an equal footing he often became a stuttering buffoon. The way that the crowd seemed to separate for her in show of their reverence for the woman made her seem all the more unapproachable. Yet, her disarming smile and the way she carried herself in such a welcoming way made him feel at ease.

"I actually came here to see you," Karl said as he opened his wallet and handed out some small denomination bills to the people near him. He hoped this act would help put him in her good graces. The benevolent expression that crossed her face suggested that he was correct.

"I'm Anastasia," she said reaching forward a hand in greeting which she retracted when she saw a pained expression cross his face.

"No names, please", he winced already attempting to forget what she'd said. "My company wanted to make a small donation to your cause and I wanted to propose to you...", he stopped and fumbled to rephrase his request. "I have a proposal that you might be interested in."

Without delay he handed her a check in the name of their organization for $5,000. He saw her jaw drop when she looked at the number.

"Sir, this is incredibly gracious of you!" Any notion that she previously held about this man was forgotten as she turned her thoughts to just how many people this was going to help. The thought nearly brought a tear to her eye. "This is going to feed thousands. I can't..."

Before another word could be spoken Karl felt his arm being urgently tugged on and quickly recognized the cause of this unsolicited disruption to be F002.

'Fucking perfect,' he thought and tried to reclaim his arm but was not obliged.

"Ms. Anastasia, this is a great man. He has..."

"Now, now," Karl nervously said trying to quiet the excited woman who still held an iron grip on his arm. "Remember what I said about the confidentiality of our test. I'm here to ask her," he said gesturing to the woman he already internally referred to as F004, "if she'd like to partake as well. Let's not ruin this." His heart raced as F002's eyes reflected a wild expression that he couldn't read.

"She is coming with you?! Oh Ms. Anastasia," is as much of the conversation as he caught as F002 reverted into her native tongue and spoke so rapidly that he couldn't decipher but a few words. The two went back and forth several times before F002 took his hand and shook it forcefully. "I am so jealous of Ms. Anastasia. You will need my help again soon, right?"

"Of course," he lied and placed a $10 bill in her hand to distract her from any further questions. Her gaping mouth expressed boundless appreciation for her former lover's gift. "Please, could you give us a moment to talk?"

When she finally left, Karl motioned Anastasia over to an area away from the crowd. He dabbed at his forehead with a handkerchief and walked until they were under the shade of a tree and out of hearing range of anyone else.

"I'm afraid my previous subject may have already said too much but I still want to offer you the opportunity to trial our latest invention. Before you ask," he held up a hand fending off the question that was already on her lips, "this test is fully government sanctioned and has been proven both safe and even enjoyable as you can tell by my previous subject's reaction. The check I've already given you is yours no matter what you decide but I'm willing to double it if you would be willing to offer me your time and critiques."

Anastasia felt almost floored by the offer he was putting forth. $10,000, an almost unheard amount coming from a single donor and all on its own it would cover the costs for their small organization for almost a month. Trying to remain calm as well as skeptical she started to ask, "What sort of test..." but hesitated as a more pressing question popped into her head. "I'm flattered by your offer, but why me?"

Karl nodded having expected the question. "Because we need to collect a variety of opinions and I believe yours will be unique. Also, I'd like to be able to say that my company has made a significant difference in the local community. What better way than by supporting you and your organization?"

She thought about correcting him by stating this is her parent's organization, but instead she nodded and her mind drifted back to the money he was offering. She looked back towards the rickety stands and cramped building that they operated from and the few people who were still in line hoping for food. Nearly every day they ran out of food before the last person could be fed and it always pained her to see anyone turned away. Though she felt some misgivings about this man, the way Jazmin had spoken about her experience working with him, he couldn't be all that bad.

"Alright," she agreed and extended her hand again which this time he briefly, almost hesitantly shook. "When and where would you like to meet?"

Karl cleared his throat and looked over at her compatriots who were working the line as well as cleaning up the pots, bowls, and utensils.

"If you think your crew can manage without you, I'd appreciate it if you would come with me today. Even right now, if you could." He saw her hesitate but had also noticed her interest in his financial offer from earlier so he decided to play a gambit. "We're in a bit of a time crunch. If now doesn't work for you then I'm unfortunately going to need to find someone else."

"No," she said too quickly and took a breath. She glanced over at her sister Larissa and saw that she was already looking her way. After thinking it through one last time she replied, "Now is fine. I'll need to let my sister know so she can take over for me. How long are you going to need me for?"

"No more than a day."

"A day?!" she asked in exasperation. "What kind of trial is this?"

"That needs to remain confidential until we arrive at the test facility," he stated unapologetically. He had a good feel for business deals and he knew that he wouldn't need to offer any addition concessions to wrap this one up.

Thoughts of her duties and responsibilities rifled through her head, but she could see a growing impatience in the man's expression. She put a hand to her forehead. "Sorry, I just didn't expect... Give me a few minutes." She started to turn away but quickly turned back. "Would you be alright driving me? We don't have enough vehicles to spare one for an entire day."

"Of course," he replied cordially knowing that he would have required her to come with him even if she hadn't offered. He watched as she spoke with her obviously younger sister. He hadn't noticed her before but she was quite striking as well though he got the sense that she wasn't as agreeable as her sister.

A few minutes later she met him at his car and slid into the passenger seat. She was instantly hit by the refreshing chill of air conditioning. The last time she had experienced this luxury was when she was at University.

"Whew," she said, rubbing her hands along her arms more to indicate the source of her wonder than because she was cold. She watched him put the keys in the ignition and reached under the seat for something.

Karl looked over at her and handed her a dark sack. He saw the expected look of worry cross her face.

"The work my company does is highly sensitive, so much so that even the location of the testing facility must remain unknown. I assure you, there is nothing to be concerned about. The work is entirely legal and safe but our government sponsors require strict adherence to their rules. If it were up to me I wouldn't ask you to wear this."

"It's alright," she said trying to clamp down on the cautious thoughts going through her head. Though she thought that this seemed unusual she was familiar with how government projects went and knew that they could have some strict security guidelines. She took one last look into the older man's gray, green eyes before placing the hood over her head. Something about how he watched her made her feel uncomfortable but she told herself that she was being paranoid.

"I appreciate that. It's about a 20-minute drive. I'm required to leave the radio on to prevent you from hearing external noise which could give away our location. Sorry but I'm a bit of a classical music snob. I hope that's alright."

She gave a forced laugh and quipped, "Anything but country." When the soothing piano keys began to play she tried to let it calm her. "Greensleeves, I like this piece."

He looked at her with some surprise. It wasn't often that he found himself in the company of someone who had any culture. "It's one of my favorites," he said trying to hide some of the excitement he felt. He nearly found himself feeling sorry for her. Lying to lesser people was one thing, but she wasn't like them. She was special. Doing his best to clear his mind of such thoughts, he shifted into drive.

An unknowable number of minutes into the ride she began to relax and at one point almost let herself doze off to Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata. The man hadn't tried to communicate with her and she would have felt silly trying to have a conversation with the hood on, so they just rode on in silence. It actually felt good being able to relax in the exquisitely comfortable seat while feeling the soothing rocking motion of the car. She had spent so many consecutive days working herself to the bone that she scarcely remembered what it was like to have nothing to do for even a few minutes.

After what seemed like an hour or longer, she felt the car begin to slow and take a gentle left turn.

"I'm going to pull up alongside the entrance," he stated as he unbuckled his seat belt. "Stay seated and I'll come around and walk you in."

Anastasia nodded and started feeling excited. She wondered what sort of installation this was and looked forward to seeing the kinds of test she was going to take part in.

When the door opened she felt a gust of hot air before he placed his hand in hers and helped her out of the car. Placing her blind trust in him they walked together as she listened to chirping birds and leaves rustling in the wind. She didn't hear any people or machinery which gave her the sense that they were in a pretty remote area which made sense for a secret facility. Tones of an electronic keypad preceded the opening of what sounded like a heavy door and they walked inside the climate-controlled building. She heard the hard-soles of his shoes clap against the floor while her sandals barely made a sound. When the entryway doors closed, all of the sounds from the outside world vanished and the room became unexpectedly silent for an occupied building. She made a motion to remove her hood but he lowered her hand.
