 She was shouting yes, yes, yes with ever stroke as I rammed my cock into her sweet pussy as she started to orgasm. I too was on the brink of coming. I started ramming harder and deeper. Her legs were up on my chest and I had a full view as my cock continued to come out and disappear into her shaven pussy. Her lip of her pussy wrapped around my cock as I no longer could hold out any longer. 

I started to unload cum with every stroke. These new pills the doctor have put me on to increase my semen output are incredible. I just kept Cumming and Cumming. Cum start to squirt out around my cock as a rammed into her. It was running down my balls, and running down her ass. I give one more deep thrust and held it there as I unloaded the last life giving juice deep into her cunt. 

As I pulled out of her, her pussy was still gapping open and I could see cum pooled inside of her and ooze out and run down the crack of her ass and puddle on the sheets. My glistening wet cock continued to ooze come out the tip. Just than my personal technician Susan, took my still hard cock into her mouth and engulfed it as she sucked and licked me clean. She licked my balls clean and than gave me another deep throat to make sure she got it all. Than Sue took a waiting warm wash cloth and washed and dried my slowly shrinking member. 

As Susan was cleaning me up the assistant tech, Barb Gently closed the clients' pussy and clipped her pussy lips shut with this clip that slid down over her Clint and held her pussy shut so the valuable life giving cum would not leak out anymore. After all that is what these ladies are paying me the big money for. 

I looked at Susan and said "second one down only four to go today".

"No Mr. Steel, you have an extra long day with 8 clients today. We had a report this morning that two other women in the waiting rooms were at peek ovulations ahead of schedule. And will need to be inseminated today to assure pregnancy".

"Dam! I hate these extras thrown in at the last moment."

I pull a robe on as we walk out of the insemination room and into my office next door. Barb takes the client back to her room and a team of maids come in and change the sheets and clean up for the next client. I now have an hour to rest. Sue gets me a glass of orange juice and an energy bar. "I'll let you rest while I get the report on the next client."

As I look out my 38th floor penthouse office/ apartment. I reflect back to how this all got started. 

5 years ago the earth past through the tail of a comet. There was so much excitement in the event because it was going to provide a great meteor shower. It was built up big on the news. People planed late night parties to stay up and watch the millions of shooting stars that the meteor shower was guaranteed to produce. It was great. 

Than a few months later doctors began to see a reduction on women getting pregnant.  The number of couples that wanted to start families went way up. After testing it was found these men were sterile. There had been something in the comet partials that caused this, but before anyone could figure it out it was already in the air we breathe, the water and food chain. The damage was done and could not be reversed. A mandatory testing was started to see just how wide spread this was. 10 months after the great meteor shower, hospital maternity wards around the world stood empty. There were only a few pregnant women in the world, one of which was a girl I dated. We didn't think she could get pregnant because no one else was. I was immediately tested and found that I was not sterile. In fact I was one of only a few men world wide that was not. 

So a team of doctors tested me to see why I was not affected. There was no reason. So now it was explained to me that I was one of only a few men left in the world that could save mankind from extinction. 

A semen donor site was set up and I whacked off all day. To produce a stockpile of semen. The problem with that was that there was still a problem with getting women pregnant. The semen could not be exposing to the air or it was not good. Also only about 2 percent of the women artificially inseminated got pregnant. Not good enough. So a test was done on old fashion intercourse. The rate skyrocketed to over 90%. So this clinic was set up for women and couples that wanted children and I was the lucky guy that got to screw them all the old fashion way. When the word got out. I was a valueable commodity the government set up security. They call me "The Inseminator". I was put here, and am, almost a prisnor. Although I am treating very well. I can't complain. I do get to go out or the building, but not without bodyguards and escorts. People joke I am more protected more than the president. 

I am also paid well even though I don't have to spend a penny for anything I want. This is my retirement fund I tell everyone. I get $1,000. For each woman I fuck. If she gets pregnant I get another $5,000. Isn't America great! 

The door opens and Susan walks back in. I love that fact that I get to set the dress code for all who are in this floor. Susan is 22 years old with brunet hair just over the shoulders. 5'4", short, weights 115 lbs with 36C tits. They look huge on her short petite body. She is wearing a sheer white teddy that doesn't even cover her ass. A sheer thong with a matching garter belt and stockings. Her Tits bounced and swayed as she crossed the room. I could see her dark hard nipples through the teddy.

"Mr. Steel, I have the....."

"Don't call me that. I hate that name and I want it changed. The only reason I have it is because the Company didn't think May real name was very sexy. Kowolaski, Well maybe their right, but Steel? Yuck! Please call me Mike." 

"Yes Sir. You know is for your own privacy so the women don't know who you really are. And that is why we call every one clients and not use their real name for there privacy."

"And none of the sir crap either." 

"Well... Mike, here is the next client. She is 24, blonde, Shaved, I know you like that so more and more of the women are shaving their pussies for you. 5'10" with 36D, 22, 36. Here is her picture"

"Wow, she has a great set on her. I am so glad that they are starting to weed out the ugly dogs. She looks great. Who is prepping her?"

"Let me See Barbra prepped the last one, so I think Candy is prepping this one." 

"I really should set in on her prep next time. I think she is the best prep tech we have. I love to watch her work."

"Well if you want she should be prepping another this afternoon. I'll take you over there to watch."

"Great! I'm getting a hard on just thinking about it"

"Well you better be getting a hard on because your next client we be ready in about 10 minutes. Why don't we go into the insemination room and I will get you ready for her"

I sat down in a big over stuffed chair and opened my robe. The room is quite large with windows all along one side giving lot of light. There is a king size bed in the middle of the room. Than spread all over in like different stations is differing shaped foam furniture. Some are wedge shaped, curves, cubes, all different sizes and shapes to fuck in any way you can think of. On the other side of the room are an all mirrors some set at angles so I can watch, and the client can watch as well from all different angles, as I screw them. Some of the mirrors are one way mirrors so the husband can watch if he so chooses. Most don't, but the ones that Do I sometimes wish I could see their faces as I fuck their wives and brides. I'm told some really enjoy it and stand there whacking off as they watch. There are even mirrors on the ceilings and are some areas on the floor. What I know and the client doesn't know it that some of those mirrors are one way mirrors with tech watching and some even have cameras. In front of the mirrors is an array of things. A sex chair, a swing, even stocks that I can put my client in and fuck them while restrained. And my favorite, I call the baby maker. I designed this one my self and I am going to use it on this client. She will be perfect for it with her big tits and great looking ass. I can't wait! 

Susan is my tech this week, she switches off with two others so I have her every third week. She starts off by standing in front of me and rubs my neck. Her tits are right three in front of my face. I pull the string that hold the front of her teddy shut and her tits swing free. I kiss and suck each nipple. Susan's hands are now working their way down to my cock. I pull her panties to one side and slip a finger into her wet pussy. She moans and I pull it out and lick it clean. Oh she tastes good. Just than she goes down on my cock sucking it in and ramming it down her throat. I have never had anyone give head as good as her. I thought I was at full size and she some how makes me grow even bigger and harder. I start bucking she pulls back. I want to fuck her so bad. I have to get my rocks off. 

She stands up and wiggles out of her skimpy panties and tosses them aside. She climbs on the chair kneeling over me straddling me with her stocking covered legs on each side of me. She put her pussy over my cock and just plays with it there and gently rubs her pussy back and forth on the tip of my cock. I sucked on her tits as she continues to drive me crazy. Than she just lets the tip slid in and I want her so bad. I try to ram it up in her wet warm cunt but can't with her on top. She is in full control. "No, no, no. You have to save it for the client."

Just than Candy brings the next client in and Susan get off me. A small drop of precum appears at the tip of my cock. I am ready. All I can think of is ramming my cock into a juicy cunt. The client was better looking than her picture. Huge tits that swayed as she walked in. She wore a simple sheer bra to help keep her mammoth melons from bouncing around uncomfortable for her. Normally the clients didn't wear a bra unless I special order something. I had not ordered anything special for this client so she also had on the standard issue thin sheer white panties. Sometimes there thongs and sometimes a skimpy panty that comes way down in the front to just above their pussy. This one was wearing the later mention panties. I could see from here that the crotch of the panties was soaking wet making the material transparent. I could see her pussy lips and shaved pubic mound clearly as if she had nothing on. 

"Looks like Candy did her job well with this client. It looks like she has already had several orgasms." 

"I think she really get into her job if you know what I mean."

"Yea and I want to watch her next session."

I walk over to the client and cup her bra incased breast in my hands admiring them. Gently hefting them and running my thumbs over her hard nipples that almost pop right though the thin material. She lets out a moan. I than Pull the straps of the bra down and she slides her arm out of the straps. I reach around and on hook the claps and her melons bounce free. Cupping one in my hand I bend down and suck its nipple into my mouth. She is so turned on she is panting now. I slid my other hand down inside the front waistband of the panties. Wow was she wet. She was just flowing. I slipped a finger into her cunt and she went crazy. She lets out a moan and wraps her arms around me. Standing on one leg she wraps the other leg around me yelling "Fuck me, fuck me now! I have to have you in me I need your hard cock in me. I can't wait any longer!"

Susan and Candy pull her off of me. "Take her over to the 'baby maker'. This one is perfect for it." 

The baby maker. I invented this one myself and didn't know what else to call it. It was a fantasy piece of equipment that I had dreamed about for a long time. I have been using it a lot lately because it has a 100% pregnancy rate. That too is why I call it the "Baby Maker". Susan and Candy take her over and with each one on either side. With her back to me they pull the strings on each of the panty at the same time. The panty fall to the floor. What a beautiful ass! My cock was just jumping for joy it was ready to explode. I want to enjoy this longer. I think to myself to slow down. 

The baby maker has kneeling pads the client kneels on with soft Velcro straps that secure her legs in place. There are pads that run from the knee up her inter thighs almost to her crotch. She is than bent over on a padded support that runs from her stomach up her body. The support is on an angle downward forcing her ass high in the air and her head lower than her ass. The support is shaped narrow at the tits and flare back out to support her shoulders. This leaves her huge tits to hang free below. Her arms are stretched out to a bar for her to hold onto in front of her spacing them about 3 feet apart. Her hands are than Velcro to that so she can't move. With her in place Candy and Susan now take the kneeling pad and slide them out to the sides as far as they would go. That is the reason for the pads on the inter thighs, to help support her. She is now splayed out in front of me ass in the air and legs spread. I had a beautiful view of her now gapping wide cunt. Her love juices were dripping from her pussy lips. I bent down and ran my tong up her spread lips and slipped it into her open pussy. She bucked and screamed again for me to do her now. I wanted to savor it as long as I could. 

Standing there behind her I looked around at all the different angles that the mirrors provided. I could see about a dozen views of her and every inch. There is a mirror on the floor angled up se I can see her huge tits hanging there. Her nipples looked like their were going to explode. A camera was also under her between her legs pointing up at her pussy displaying what it saw on a large screen monitor on the wall in front of me. You could see every drop of her juices as they dripped off her swollen lips to the floor next to the camera. I ran my cock over her ass. It was so tempting to ram it in her tight little ass hole. I put tip of my cock up to her ass hole and hear Susan behind me "No, no, no. there is no money in there." I ran the tip of my cock than up and down her wide spread swollen pussy lips. 

The client is now starting to cry and whimper, "Please fuck me! I need it now!" I watch the monitor as I slowly slide my cock in inch by inch. Than slowly pulled it all the way out. My cock was now dripping with her juice. I watched my cock disappear again to those soft folds of flesh. This time I just held it there deep inside of her. I lay over her ass onto her back and wrapped my hands around her. Taking a tit in each hand I watched in the mirrors as I rubbed and toyed with the hard long nipples. The client was going nuts trying to buck back to make me move inside of her. But with me on top and her arm and legs she couldn't move much. So is crying out "Fuck me, fuck me" over and over. Than I felt her work her cunt mussels milking my cock. I started to again move slowly in and out of her while rolling her nard nipples between my thumb and fore finger, pulling them as I went. Now she was happy yelling "Yes, Yes, Yes" with every stroke. I could feel the body as she orgasm over and over. 

I couldn't take it anymore. Standing back up a gripped her thighs at her waist and rammed her hard pulling her back as I rammed my cock in deeper. Her huge Tits swayed like giant pendulums with each stroke. I was starting to gush. Loads of cum on every stoke now. After about the third stroke cum was squirting out around my cock like a piston with bad oil rings. The cum was just running out on the floor and down her legs. I wasn't done I kept ramming and squirting over and over. Till I gave ones last drive and unloaded the rest. 

The client was screaming with joy on every stroke. I stood there a minute and than slowly pulled out of her. Cum was pouring out of her and Candy was right there to seal up her pussy and slip the clip on to hold the rest of the cum in there. At the same time Susan was right there. She slipped my still cum oozing cock into her mouth and sucked me dry. She had a very talented tong. As she suck and licks me clean. While Susan is cleaning me off I watch as Candy unstrapped the client and get her off the equipment. She is weak and Candy and two of the maids help the client into a waiting wheel chair. Susan finishes with me at as they wheel her back to her room. 

"Very impressive"! I hear from behind me in a soft sexy voice. 

I knew who it was before I even turned around. It was Dr. Sara standing there with a clip board in one hand. Dr. Sara was a tall woman about 6 feet maybe 6'1". Deep blue eyes that almost pierced through you. Long blond hair that cascaded down over her shoulders and around her breast. Slim waist I would guess to be about 22" with hip that flared to about 34". Her very long sexy shaped legs looked even longer in the high heal she wore. These heals even made her look even taller. 

She wore a white silk dress blouse that had tails that came down about 2inches below her ass in back and in front cover her pussy. Its sides came way up to her slim waist showing her white creamy thighs and the string waist band of her panties. The blouse had only three buttons starting just above her navel down. So it showed off the curve on the inside of her firm breast. It looked to me, even it there were buttons all the way up that it would not close like as if the blouse was too small. Not that she had large tits, she was about a 36c, it was just the way the blouse way made to show off her tits. Of course she wore no bra under it. Although it was not see through, you could see where her nipples were because they poked out bumps in the thin silk causing darts, or creases in the blouse like arrows pointing to her nipples. Now I can't see her tits and nipples right now, but I have several times and let me tell you they are the best tits I have ever seen. Like I said they are not huge, but a nice size 36c and as firm as a melon. They do not sag but stick out from her body firmly. Her areola around the nipple is a little larger that the size of a silver dollar and is a nice dark pink. This areola area is large and puffy standing out about another inch from breast and look like big pink soft marshmallows. Toping off these marshmallows are thick nipples that stuck out another half inch pointing up at about a 45 degree angle. A swear you could hang a winter coat on those babies.

"Dr. Sara, How nice to see you. And I do mean nice to see you." What brings you up here today?"

"Just wanted to check up on you and see how you were performing".

"Well, what do you think"? 

"For a moment I was wishing that was me strapped to that apparatus being rammed liked she was. I must admit it got me a little excited."

"Well I'm sure we can arrange that." As I walked over to her ran my hand up the side of her silk blouse and cupped one of her tits and rubbed my thumb over that large hard nipple through the silk. "I see you are a little excited".

She let out a sigh and took a hold of had hand and said, "Maybe I'll take you up on that later. Right now we have business to take care of."

"That is all everyone thinks about anymore, Business, money, and the clients. What happen to the good old day when we started this to save the human race?

"We still are, we are just trying to do it better."

"Ok, come to my office and we can talk." Susan got my robe for me and put it on and got me and Dr. Sara a soda.

"I see the medication is working well. Any side effect that you have noticed?"

"The medication you have me on for performance is great! Just a site or even a thought of a pretty woman makes me hard as a rock and ready to go". "See" as I point to the tent in my robe in my lap. "This stuff make that old Viagra crap look like aspirin. When I start to get aroused I can think of nothing else but sinking my cock into the nearest cunt. I think I could fuck anything with a pussy at that point." 
