 "Phew, finally done!" Sam exclaimed. She worked on her homework all morning and now, as the sun was setting she was free to seek her favorite Sunday past time: exploring the internet. Sam closed her books and went to the window, she pulled the curtains close, the room was lit with the crimson sunset, but she had her privacy. She sat back at her desk, turned on the PC and waited for Windows to load. Sam might come off as the geeky girl, but she was anything but.

The 18 years old bombshell had a slim figure which contrasted with her ample breasts. Last she checked they were a G cup, but Sam read somewhere on the net that puberty can last until 21 or even 22, so growing wasn't out of the question. If she wanted she could have been the queen of the class in a jiffy, yet she was shy beyond belief. 

Sunday was her day, her parents went out and will come back only tomorrow night. It was almost a regular ritual for Sam, she opened the browser, put on her song and the music filled the room. "The internet is really, really great. FOR PORN!" She pulled her long, jet black hair back into a ponytail. Her hazel eyes glistened, and her ruby lips curled into a smile as she shifted around in her chair for a comfortable position.

Sam opened her inbox and took care of a few emails as the song went on, "The internet is for porn! Why do you think the net was born? Porn! Porn! Porn!" That was the code-name, "Browsing the internet" meant masturbating, and a girl like Sam... Well... She needed serious relief...

As if she was synchronized with the ritual Sam closed her inbox just as the song ended. She never saw Avenue Q, nor cared about it, but that one bit, it was hilarious, she couldn't help but giggle when hearing it, she thought it was funny because she knew how true it was. "Okay, time to start," Sam grabbed her shirt with both hands and slowly pulled it up, revealing her pale, smooth skin, and her black lace bra. This was her sexy bra, the one she wore when she thought she had a chance getting intimate with someone, which was almost never, but now she was going to get intimate... with herself.

She reached back and unclipped her bra, immediately her boobs fell down a few inches, free from their restraints, she peeled the bra and tossed it to the laundry basket. Her boobs were perfect, round, smooth, not saggy, pure perfection. She couldn't resist the temptation and pinched her left nipple, it was sensitive, and a slight moan escaped her lips. She then cupped her right breast, she needed two hands to contain the overflowing flash and brought it to her mouth. Kissing the nipple gently sent a jolt down her spine, it was so inviting she had no chance to resist, a barrage of kisses followed.

Suddenly, Sam gasped in surprise and dropped her breast back to her lap. "Bad boy! You wait your turn!" she demanded as if someone was in the room with her. Sam picked up her left boob and repeated the process with her other nipple, licking and kissing and gently biting it.

Finally, Sam sighed and lowered her breast. "Okay, I get it dear, you don't like being locked up." She reached down to her pants and undid the button, another gasp escaped her lips, "Fuck girl! I swear if you that again I won't let you out for a month!" The room was silent for a moment as Sam pulled on her zipper and opened her pants. Sam reached down with her right hand and felt around inside, "oh, poor girl... You had it really rough, didn't you?" she closed her hand and pulled it out, with it came Sam's secret, a huge, semi-erect cock. "There you go girl, better?" She made her penis flex in agreement. "Gosh, I love puberty," Sam said as she surveyed her asset, "you've grown girl."

This was the root of Sam's shyness, as a child it bothered her but now, as she became an adolescent and learned of the sexual delight her cock bestowed onto her she didn't mind, it was more than worth it. "I have a treat for you tonight dear, you'll be satisfied for sure." Sam took off her pants and sat back into the inviting chair.

'Let's start with an old time favorite,' she thought to herself and searched for massive cock videos, in mere seconds she was looking at a list, she found Mandingo, Lexington Steele, and Danny D, all at her fingertip. She chose a video named "Biggest Cock Compilation 2019" and before her eyes, big cocks fucked board girls. Sam positioned one hand on her cock and started playing along the length, getting harder and harder.

Before long she was at full length and was using two hands, her cock sending jolts of pleasure down her back. It was then that she realized the video was over and she didn't even look at it, her cock pulsed in her hand. A realization dawned on her, she masturbated to her own image. "no wonder, I think I'm already bigger than them," and with that, she moved on to another search, this time she looked for excessive cum. Another compilation filled the screen, this time it was more to her liking, she never fucked a girl but knew most of the cumshots she watched were totally within her reach. She pulled the skin of her cock down, reaching her ballsack, "Wow girl, you are ready to make a mess ha?" She flexed, the tip gently pressed against her left breast. She started another compilation video and checked her sack, it was swollen with cum, Sam knew her body well and just by feeling her sack knew she'll make a mess tonight.

Sam opened a drawer in her desk and pulled out her secret weapon, a vibrator she bought and snuck home yesterday. Sam was looking to find an elusive, rare beauty only she and a few select others ever found, a double orgasm, both female and male at the same time. It would seem like an easy job for Sam, she had two hands, one for her pussy and the other for the cock, but theory is far from practice and Sam just couldn't get it right most of the time, her sack got in the way, or her cock demanded two hands to even start thinking of coming. But this time she had a plan, she had her little helper. She felt her way to the entrance and noticed how soaking wet she was. Slowly she slipped the little toy in, it was about the size of her finger, a walk in the park for a girl who played with 4 fingers when she was really at it.

"Time to turn things up," Sam declared and opened up a new window on her screen, this vibrator was controlled from her computer, she set the configuration to a gentle vibration and fired the toy up, her body contracted as her mind was filled with pleasure. Her hands rushed to her cock, massaging its great length and pressing all the right buttons. On the screen was her favorite video, Biggest Female Orgasms Ever. Just like the girls in the video Sam moved around with no purpose, her mind overwhelmed by the feeling of an oncoming double orgasm, Sam was at the edge and was ready to jump.

"Wow amazi, wow amazi, wow amazi, wow amazi, wow amazi," Sam was ripped from the edge of orgasm, the vibrator's force was suddenly unpleasant, and Sam ripped it out of her. She noticed the computer was stuck, "Fuck, stupid machine, why can't you break down when I do my homework?" she tried to reset it but to no avail, it ignored her commends. She reached down and unplugged the power cord before turning her PC back on, the computer showed a black screen with a message, "An unexpected power outage occurred, running system recovery" a timer counted down from 25 minutes.

Sam looked at herself, her cock shrunk down to its regular size and left a trail of precum in its wake. She got up and wiped the trail with a tissue, Sam knew she was going to have a massive orgasm once the computer came back, possibly even the biggest orgasm of her young life. She rarely made precum, last time she did was when she had her biggest O. Sam took comfort in knowing what's ahead and decided to set up a goal for the next 25 minutes, she will prepare for an attempt to break her current record.

Sam went down to the kitchen and got a 2-liter bottle full of water, "Well body, this is for you, I expect you to turn this whole thing into cum" Of course she knew it wasn't going to happen, most of the water will come out as pee but she believed thoughts morph our reality. She took the bottle and started drinking slowly.

25 minutes, 3 bottles of water and 4 visits to the bathroom later Sam sat in front of her computer again, still naked. A strange notification flashed at the bottom right corner of the screen. she clicked it and her email popped up, a new message line was marked bold. Sam had no idea who the sender was, she didn't recognize the username, but the subject caught her eye, "It's your best friend, I need your help," Sam found it strange...

She moved the mouse and opened the email. The screen showed four pictures, it was her, it was Sam, no one could mistake it, somehow, she was looking at pictures of her recent masturbation attempt holding her monster cock and smiling. A text below the pictures read, "I hacked your computer, I know everything. instructions will arrive soon, do as I say, or the world will know." Sam was too shocked to think, she just sat there, her mind a blank slate. Eventually, a single thought popped up, "Where can I hide?" She mumbled. Sam knew there was no hiding, once something is on the internet it will stay there forever. She had only one choice, to do as she is told until the pictures are back with her. Sam looked at the photos again, maybe it was a lucky photoshop? Not, they were real, she could even see the vibrator in some.

The screen flashed again, a new message. Her heart pounded with fear as it opened. "Do not panic, Do as instructed and no harm will come to you," it read, "I have been watching you for a long time... I need to be sure you are a true futanari and not a phony. Open Skype and start a video conversation with FSex1, you have five minutes." A timer appeared at the bottom of the screen, counting down from 5:00. Sam had no time to think, she opened Skype. A message appeared, "Updating client... Please hold," A bar was slowly filling up. 

"Fuck, are you for real?" Sam yelled at the screen, But the bar ignored her. A minute passed, and Sam dressed up again, "no need to give him more ammo," she thought. At two minutes, the bar was half full. "Listen," Sam called out to the room, hoping the hacker could hear her, "can... Can I get an extension?" no answer came, as time passed Sam became more and more desperate.

Just as the timer showed 1 minute and 2 seconds remaining the bar finished and the screen Sam knew popped up. Sam was about to open a conversation with FSex1 a thought crossed her mind, "Am I doing the right thing?" She thought about it, the hacker had her pictures, she needed the upper hand to win this game. A plan formed in Sam's mind, she'll play along until she sees a way out... With 5 seconds left, Sam opened a video call to FSex1. The screen was split, one half showed a sexy, blond anime girl while the other half showed a blurry image of a person, the hacker.

"Hello Sam," The hacker spook, its voice scrambled.

"Amm... Hi?" was the best Sam could produce as fear took over her.

"No need for fear," the voice said, "I am here to help you, if you'll do as I say I'll delete all your photos when we're done, you have my word."

"Do you really expect me to believe that? At least have the decency not to lie while you blackmail me..." Sam objected, she wanted to act along but once the hacker gave her his word she felt furious, she lost it. The hacker was silent for a moment, Sam thought she crossed the line there. To her surprise, the hacker's camera shifted a little and she came into focus. Now, Sam could see the hacker was a woman, no older than 20, she had blond hair and blue eyes.

"A gesture of goodwill Sam," the hacker said, "I am Anna, hope my word is worth something now."

"You're... You're a girl..." Sam was a bit dazzled by this hacker but was quick on her feet, "you're not a very good hacker, are you? Just took a screenshot of you." Sam half shouted in triumph.

To Sam's dismay, Anna started to giggle, "What's so funny, Anna?"

"Do you think you have any control over this PC?" Anna's voice became dominant, "I have control here. Look, just to prove the point, I have sent you a new email, open it." Sam did as asked, and before her was a scan of Anna's ID, all the details were there.

"Aren't you afraid Anna Neva?" Sam wondered, "I can report you to the police now..."

"No, not really, I have control over your PC remember?" the message disappeared and a box with text appeared in its place, "File deleted."

Sam understood her position and thought it a good idea to just get it over with, "So... how much money? Or is it more specific pictures you want?"

"Actually, I don't want neither. I am here to help you, Sam." Anna said.

Her voice sounded honest to Sam, but she still held the pictures, "Help me by deleting the pictures Anna, please."

"Very soon Sam, I need you to first get a measuring tape please, do you have any at home?" Anna wondered.

Sam frowned, "Guess I don't have a choice," and with that, she was off, it took her a minute, but she came back with a blue tailoring tape, "Is this good?"

"Yea, great," Anna approved, "now measure your erect penis please..."

"But... I'm soft," Sam protested.

"I can help you with that Sam," Anna said, "please undress."

"Ahmm... No was Anna... I am not giving you any more ammo..." Sam objected.

Anna's face slowly filled with color, it turned an angry red, "I've had it with you, Sam! Time to put the cards down!" her voice dominating Sam's persona.

Sam couldn't help noticing the change in Anna, "You're scaring me Anna..." she mumbled in fear, thinking she had pushed her luck too far.

"I am not the one you should be scared of Sam," Anna changed her tone, "It's the government you should fear..."

"Come on, not another conspiracy theory please." Sam always hated those.

"Wish it was Sam, but it's not... Let me show you." The half of the screen with the anime girl changed to a map with a red dot, "Arycon, Texas, never heard of it, have you?" Sam nodded, she never heard of most of the towns in Texas, "Please look it up in Wikipedia."

Sam did as asked, she found Arycon on Wikipedia, "It says the town no longer exists, people left on May 1981 because the water was contaminated."

"Right, that's half the story, Sam," Anna took control of the computer again, "Arycon was founded in the '70s and had a steady population of 25 men and 30 women."

"Doesn't sound like anything special Anna," Sam admitted.

"Right, it was nothing special until 1972," the map on the screen changed to a picture of a woman, it was too blurry, and all Sam could make out was a female figure, she had black hair. "Meet Kate Neva, age 30, as of the 28th of September 1972 Arycon's newest resident." The screen changed into a graph Sam couldn't quite figure out, "By 1980, eight years, the population of Arycon was comprised of 182 women and zero men, what's more interesting is that over half of the population was under the age of 10."

"Okay," Sam tried to process the information, "so, they had a baby boom, happened before."

"No Sam, it was not just any baby boom, Kate was a futanari like yourself, she was responsible for all the pregnancies that occurred in that period, she drove the men out of town with her hypersexuality and took all the women to herself," Anna explained.

"Again, ok, but what does it have to do with me?" Sam wondered.

"The day the government found out about Arycon they started to act. On May 1921 they raided Arycon and executed Kate. The town was disbanded, and a crucial decision was made, they started adding chemicals to the drinking water all over the world to stop cases like Kate from happening again."

"Well Anna, thank you, been nice talking with you, I had my share of conspiracies for one day." Sam objected.

Anna did not answer immediately, she pondered her answer silently for a moment. "You're sterile Sam, aren't you?"

Sam's eye flung open, "How did you know that?" she was shocked, she never told anyone.

"And when you get a hardon, it always looks like you can get a lot bigger but never do, am I right?" Anna kept going.

"How do you know all that?" Sam marveled.

"Because I am Anna Neva, the daughter of Kate Neva." Anna's eyes burned with a passion, "I am doing this to give you a fighting chance Sam, a fighting chance to fulfill your true potential."

Anna paused for a moment, "Blackmailing only gets you so far, Sam, I have revealed all my card to you. You know who I am, and you know my story, I can't force you anymore, will you cooperate with me? or would you like us to part ways?"

Sam needed a moment to think. If Anna was telling the truth it would be wise to cooperate, but then again, if she is a fraud Sam would be giving her ammunition. Sam looked around her room, then she looked at her young, foxy body. Her eyes wondered to her crouch where her cock rested. "I am SO going to regret this..." Sam looked at Anna, "Okay, let's do it, I'll do as you say."

"You will? Great!" Anna exulted, "first thing first, you need to undress please..."

In a split-second, Sam was in her birthday suit. Her boobs wobbled, and her cock shook around her grapefruit sized sack from the quick movement. Obviously, not unloading for such a long time had its effect on the taunt sack, Sam was full to the brim.

"Nice body Sam, now we need to get you hard..." Anna went on. As soon as the words reached Sam's ears her hand jumped down to her rod. "NO! Sam stop" Anna demanded, "We don't have time for this. Please sit down and look at the screen."

"Hope you have a better way..." Sam protested as she sat down. The screen filled with a blinding white light, Sam wanted to look away but couldn't for some reason. Suddenly, the screen showed an image, it was a bottle of soda resting on a bench. Next was a pack of cards, a toy soldier and a bolder.

The whole thing probably lasted no more than 5 minutes before Anna came back, "Please measure Sam" she instructed.

Sam noticed her cock was rock solid, pushing against the bottom of her left breast, "H... How did this happen?" She mumbled.

"Subliminal messages Sam, they are perfectly safe and can help you. This message made you hard, now please measure the length..." Anna explained.

Sam slowly unfolded the tape and pressed in against the base of her cock, slowly she started laying it along the pulsating length.

"I am 12 and a half inches long," Sam declared.

"Nice, now please tell me measure for thickness please," Anna asked.

Sam fiddled around with her pole for a moment, noticing that while it was ridged it still had a lot of excess skin, as if it can grow more, "I am 7 inches around."

"Wow," Anna ogled over the numbers, "You are a rare find, Sam. Reaching this size with all the chemicals holding you back is no simple feat. Now, I need to know how much you cum?"

"Well, that's an easy one, I cum A LOT, I can fill a can with ease." Sam started as her gaze slowly traveled to her stretched sack, "But being as pent up as I am now I can probably do double that."

"Good Sam, could you please fetch a big bottle, so we can try it out?" Anna asked. Sam surprised her and pulled an empty soda bottle from below her desk.

"I keep one here for emergencies," Sam explained the presence of a bottle in her room.

Anna giggled, "Okay, place the bottle over your tip. Once the set starts you'll be coming, make sure it all goes in the bottle, ready?"

Sam positioned the bottle and pressed down firmly, "Go!" Again, the blinding screen took over, followed by a picture of a candy cane, a coffee pot resting on a stove and a neon-lit lighter.

Sam was immediately transported to orgasm-land, her teen body rocking with electrifying pleasure. Her cock fired a stream of white, hot cum against the bottom of the bottle as the container filled with the thick fluid as Sam moaned and groaned.
