 This story is classified in the science fiction section so, yes, it is not at all realistic. If a story that is pure science fiction is unappealing to you, you should not read this story as you will be very disappointed. Invisibility is, of course, not feasible (the rationale and mechanisms for the invisibility in the current story was obtained through The Invisible Man and subsequently related publications). All of the persons depicted in this story, each of the men and women, are at least eighteen years old. I again thank StoryPal for his very, very helpful editing and suggestions.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Griffin was an undergraduate student at Livingston College. He worked for Dr. Kemp, a physics professor who studied optical densities. Optical density is an expression of the transmittance of an optical element for a given wavelength. The higher the optical density, the lower the transmittance. There were many interesting things you could do with the manipulation of optical densities. Dr. Kemp was experimenting with a transfiguration that would alter the refractive index of light reflecting from organic matter, thus ensuring that light would not bend when passing through, thereby making the cloaked organism effectively invisible.

It was quite the discovery, to say the least. Dr. Kemp, however, could not, of course, claim full credit. Drs. Graeme Milton at Utah University and Nicolae Alexandru Nicorovici at Sydney University of Technology had conducted the most significant preliminary studies. They developed a cloaking device that relied on recently discovered materials used to make super lenses that make light behave in a highly unusual way. Instead of having a positive refractive index, the property which makes light bend as it passes through a prism or water, the materials have a negative refractive index, which effectively makes light travel backwards. When objects are placed behind these super lenses, the light bouncing off them is essentially erased by light reflecting off the lenses, making the object invisible.

Sir John Pendry, a theoretical physicist at Imperial College of London who invented super lenses, said, "Effectively, they are making a piece of space seem to disappear, at least as far as light is concerned."

The key contribution of Dr. Kemp was to produce the lens in a liquid form that adhered and affected only organic matter, thus being able to effectively cloak an organism. He began with the cloaking of small organisms, including the proverbial laboratory mouse, a rhesus monkey, a dog, and even a bird. The cloaking of a parakeet had been a little problematic, as it escaped the cage. He and his assistants were a little concerned about being able to catch the canary, until droppings began to fall out of thin air. Any fluids released by the organism would not themselves be invisible, as they were no longer within the boundaries of the cloak.

There was one limitation though with its application to organisms. As the Russian physicist Dr. Yakov I. Perelman had demonstrated, a person made invisible by Dr. Kemp's method would also be blind, since a human eye works by absorbing incoming light. If the light was refracted, no information would reach the retina.

It was not, however, in insurmountable problem. One would just not coat the corneas, a procedure that had never actually worked that well anyway. The lab animals really didn't seem to like the ointment on their eyes. So, one could just coat the eyelids. If one's eyes were closed, one was invisible. If one opened one's eyes, all that could be seen were two eyes, seeming to float in the air.

Of course, two floating eyes would attract a bit of attention. However, this wasn't a serious problem. The simplest solution was to just place your fingers before your eyes and peek out in between the very small slits of mostly closed fingers. The cloaking would then wrap around the entire body, revealing the refracted light that was behind the body, rather than just behind the fingers. Children often play peek-a-boo this way, feeling like you can't see them when they're covering their eyes with their hands. Well, in this case it was really true. Another person could only barely detect your eyes through your slightly spread fingers, but you could still see quite a bit. It was like having a mobile peep hole, allowing you to peek into (or actually within) any room one wanted. And, if one found that to be too cumbersome or restrictive, one could also hide behind hanging curtains, garments, towels, blankets, or anything else that was sufficiently diaphanous, the only risk being if one's eyes were evident behind the material.

Another difficulty was that the ointment, when wet, was readily removed by rubbing against an object, exposing part of the body and in turn turning that which one was bumping or rubbing against invisible (as long as it was organic material).

However, this was eventually resolved by revising the formula so that it would maintain its effectiveness upon drying, effectively then sealing the body in a resilient invisible cloak. Not surprisingly, however, it would not last forever. In fact, it would wear off in a couple of hours, which did limit its potential. Dr. Kemp was working on a more sustained version.

It was a tremendous relief to Griffin though that it did last only a relatively short period of time when he volunteered to be the first human to be cloaked. Dr. Kemp did not want to go through the Livingston's ethics board to recruit undergraduates as guinea pigs or, as they would be described in the protocol, experimental subjects. For very obvious reasons he wanted to keep the device secret as long as possible. He could not risk the chance of revealing its existence too soon. In addition, and perhaps more honestly, Dr. Kemp wasn't too sure that he could even get the board's approval to conduct a study with humans. He wouldn't be able to assure them that there were absolutely no risks, and it wouldn't be too surprising to discover that they felt that coating the entire body in a cloaking cream must have some potential negative consequences.

So, Dr. Kemp was going to try it on himself, but Griffin convinced him that it was best for it to be somebody else, in case something did go wrong.

Griffin was both thrilled and nervous the first time. He was thrilled in part because he realized that he would now go down in history as the first invisible man. But, of course, he was rather nervous as well. Being invisible was exciting, but the thought of being permanently so was rather disconcerting, if not frightening. Imagine having nobody ever to be able to see you again. How could a doctor treat you? You could be felt, but you couldn't be seen. Who would ever want to marry him? What would his friends say? It would be like you were no longer there, as if nobody ever recognized your presence. No, he was very, very nervous when he first received the treatment, even though he had seen the laboratory animals return into view after only a couple of hours.

It was also a bit tricky putting on the ointment, or at least it was the first few times. Every inch of the body had to be covered. Hair was particularly tricky, and so Griffin eventually just shaved his head. He even shaved off all the rest of his hair, including his pubic hair. He felt a little weird doing that. Getting the entire back done was also difficult, if there was nobody around to help apply the ointment. Getting it all down his butt crack and under his balls wasn't really difficult, but he insisted on taking care of that himself.

But, Dr. Kemp did eventually solve these additional problems by developing a more liquid form of the lens. Griffin would then just immerse himself in a tub, being sure to keep his eyes closed. Once he got out, the entire body was effectively coated. There still might be a few missed spots (e.g., the soles of the feet, which were at times cleaned of the cloaking once he stepped out of the tub and before it dried) but not nearly so many as when they had used the ointment. Plus, the liquid soaked well into the skin, and remained comprehensive in its coverage even when there was bending, flexing, or expanding.

Dr. Kemp realized that he had developed the material for a perfect magic trick. He could make a lot of money with this, and he was quite excited about it. Ever since he was a little boy he wanted to be a magician. But he had always been rather clumsy with his hands. He marveled at the feats of Doug Henning, a bit later Penn and Teller, Lance Burton, and Siegfried and Roy. He enjoyed the tricks of David Blaine and Criss Angel, although he became rather discouraged when he discovered that much of their tricks were due to simple camera work, editing, and actors, rather than true sleight of hand.

There were some other applications for a cloaking device. Intelligence agencies, law enforcement, and private detectives would all be quite interested, for rather obvious reasons. Dr. Kemp though was more excited about the magic tricks.

Griffin, though, had other ideas. He felt that there might also be additional clientele that could be interested in this new product. He considered sharing this revelation with Dr. Kemp, but he thought it best to first conduct his own experiments, his own field studies. That way he could report his proposal to Dr. Kemp with supportive empirical data.

He had his own key to the lab and, one afternoon, a nice spring day, when Dr. Kemp was out of town, he fully immersed himself in the vessel of cloaking fluid, being careful to keep his eyes tightly closed while he worked the liquid into every nook and cranny of his body. He then carefully stepped out and stood before the drying and sealant fan. Once he was thoroughly dry he inspected himself in the mirror for any parts or bits that were not fully covered. There were a few, a couple of spots beneath the crown of his penis, beneath his fingernails, the palm of his hand, the soles of his feet, and down inside the crack of his butt. These were coated and dried. He then initiated the first experiment.

Where would you first go if you were invisible? The homes of your friends to hear what they are saying about you? The homes of your enemies to discover their flaws, failings, and fallibilities? A bank to get money? The toughest, most dangerous part of town to catch thieves, rapists, and murderers? Yes, these were all very attractive options. They all had their good points. But, Griffin was a young man, and there was really no question what would, and should, be on the top of the list. He headed to the university gym for the girls' locker room.

Because it only worked well on organic matter, he could not wear any clothes. Well, he could, but his presence would then be revealed. That would be fine for walking to the gym, but he would then have to hide the clothes. He would also have to somehow cover his face and hands. One possibility would be to wear gloves and to bandage his entire face, as if he had been in some sort of accident. However, this would attract a considerable amount of problematic attention.

Griffin opted to just remain naked, which was not so bad as it was a warm, spring day. Plus, it actually added an additional spice to his experiment. He remembered as a freshman, when he first arrived on campus, having recurrent anxiety dreams of suddenly finding himself naked in a class, or walking to class, not having any idea how he got there. It was as if he had simply forgotten to put on clothes that morning, or somehow they all just disappeared from his body. He would typically wake up soon after the dream began, or more accurately the nightmare, and then breathe a deep sigh of relief realizing that it was only just a dream.

His walk across campus brought back memories of such nightmares. He was at first a bit anxious. What if the cloaking suddenly failed? He would then be within his nightmare, and this time for real. For awhile he had to continually reassure himself that he was indeed invisible, not only by repeatedly saying it to himself, but also by physically checking, repeatedly checking his hands, torso, legs, and feet, for any signs of his actual presence. It was funny. It seemed to make him feel even more naked now that he was entirely shaved, but that was hardly what did in fact make him naked.

He also overdid the hiding of his eyes, just to be doubly sure, by keeping his face, his eyes, turned down toward the ground. When it eventually became apparent that nobody was in fact noticing him, he relaxed, and grew to appreciate how much fun this really was. This was so cool! He grinned broadly but then quickly shut his mouth, realizing that his teeth briefly came into view.

He also learned to keep off the main sidewalks. He couldn't be seen, but he could be felt. A couple of persons bumped into him when he was on the sidewalk, much to their surprise and confusion. By traversing the lawns he avoided crowds. In addition, the grass was much easier on his bare feet, although he could see the indentations of his feet in the grass as he walked along.

In any case, being naked in public was rather invigorating. It was like he was committing repeated, multiple, and sustained acts of indecent exposure, with virtually no cost or penalty whatsoever. His dick swelled with pride and delight in being so brazenly displayed in the open air (he only wished that he could see it!). Of course, this experience lacked the shock and outrage of the other person but there was still something to be said for exposing your penis in public unbeknownst to the other person.

He was reminded of the times when he was young and would surreptitiously play with himself in a class, or while he was at a movie. There was something that was really quite fun and exciting about having an erection in a public place, in a very inappropriate place, and yet nobody was the wiser. Mrs. Jenkins, his teacher, would be lecturing to him about paying more attention, while unbeknownst to her he was sporting a big hard-on within his pants.

Well, this was pretty much like those experiences, but ten times better. He took hold of his cock and squeezed it. He couldn't see it, but he could feel it sticking it with pride, standing up tall in front of all of these girls walking around in their pretty blouses and short skirts. There were, of course, boys walking around as well, but his attention was on the girls. He walked with a quickened pace to the gymnasium, his stiff dick bobbing and weaving before him, a big closed-mouth grin on his face. This was so real, real cool!

Getting into the gymnasium was a bit tricky. There was no way he would be able to go through one of the front doors: too many people to collide with. He did, however, find an unlocked side door. It was then just a matter of carefully maneuvering down the hallways and stairs, but these were not particularly crowded in between classes. He hurried to the girls' locker room to avoid getting caught in a crowd.

Upon his arrival, he hesitated to enter, for two reasons. One reason was simply to provide himself one last chance to back out. If this experiment somehow went wrong, it could go wrong very, very badly. Getting caught within the girls' locker room, naked, with a hard-on, would not look too well on his academic record, to say the least. He would be suspended, if not expelled, and he could kiss his career goodbye. He was risking a great deal, just for the sake of science, for Dr. Kemp's research.

And, for what? It was Dr. Kemp who would benefit most from this experiment, with respect to both fame and fortune. He wondered if Dr. Kemp would truly appreciate how much he was sacrificing.

But, the second reason for his hesitation was simply to pause to enjoy the moment, the moment before a childhood fantasy would become a reality. He was about to enter a place where many girls would undress before him, exposing to him their naked, nude, bare bodies. Perhaps he really wasn't doing this entirely for the sake of Dr. Kemp's research. Or, at least, it wouldn't hurt to actually enjoy doing scientific research.

His hesitation ended when he saw two pretty girls push open the door, their short skirts swinging with their steps, the whiteness of their thighs briefly coming into view, and soon to be open entirely to his personal, private, confidential view. He quickly followed them inside.

He was in.

He felt like he had entered some inner sanctorum, a very special, secret, sheltered snuggery for sweet shower stuff, and none of the members of this private girls' party were the wiser.

Before him stood a bevy of pretty girls, whispering, giggling, chattering, and snickering, and all in various states of undress. Most of them appeared to have recently come out of the shower and were getting dried off and dressed. He didn't know where to look first, or second, or third, or how long to stay in any one spot. There were all sorts and shades of panties: cotton, sheer, lacy, and satin; bikini, boy short, hipsters, briefs, high cut, and thong; and all sorts of girlish brassieres: half-cup, balconette, full support, push-up, sports, minimizer, open-cup, and he even spotted a padded bra sitting on a bench. It belonged to Jenny Andrews, who was sitting right next to it, naked from the waist up!

Jenny was such a cute little thing. He had sat next to her in Dr. Brown's Introductory Algebra class, almost as close as her brassiere was sitting now. He had thought of asking her out, but he heard that she was dating someone. He smiled as he thought about Jenny Andrews apparently wearing a padded bra.

Griffin didn't really understand why she did it. He thought Jenny's little naked titties were really very cute, endearing, and sexy. He gentled fondled his hard cock as he admired how they jiggled and wiggled while she dried her hair. He made a note to himself to be sure someday to compliment Jenny on her figure. She really didn't need any extra size. These titties were a pure delight. In fact, their petiteness added to their appeal, as they looked so cute, so darling, so sweet.

Of course, there was virtually a panoply of breasts, bottoms, and pussies, in all sorts of delectable sizes and shapes. The breasts ranged from the tiniest titties to voluptuous jugs, from the round and firm to jiggly, bulbous, oblong, water balloons.

It was really quite impressive how much they jiggled and shook, like mounds, bags and bowls of sweet, lovely, luscious jello. And, they were all so white, so pure, so private and personal, capped by all sorts of different sizes of nipples. Some were very tiny, some covered lots of area, and some stood out a long ways. He recalled Farrah Fawcett's Playboy layout. He really liked her nipples a lot. They stuck out a long way but covered only a small area. One girl in the shower room particular had really big nips. He really, really liked big nipples. He liked how they would stick way out through a blouse, as if the girl was always aroused and excited, begging to be fondled and suckled. He wondered if he could get away with at least just touching one of them, if not quickly licking it. If he briefly put it between his lips, it would actually disappear. How very strange that would be. But, that would probably be too risky, getting so close and everything. The pussies varied from the hairless to furry bushes, from delicate slits to thick fleshy folds. He marveled at how evolution seemed to make pussies be in so many different shapes and sizes. What was that about, he wondered. It wasn't like guys picked mates on the basis of their pussies. They couldn't even see them, at least in the initial process of mating. But, perhaps in the hunter-gatherer days, or perhaps earlier, in caveman days, women were pretty much naked a lot, and perhaps it was a big basis for mate selection back then.
