 The next morning, Anastasia heard the electronic beeps coming from the opposite side of the door before hearing it click unlocked. She sat kneeling on the concrete floor just in front of the door eagerly awaiting him. For the past twenty minutes the helmet had been flooding her with what she had begun think of as manipulative love. With the devil man not in the room she had tried to revert this feeling to God like she had done the first time, but that no longer seemed to work. She had also tried satisfying her own needs but was shocked to realize that she could hardly feel anything no matter what she did. That opened a whole new terrifying side to the control this helmet had over her.

Karl placed a tray of food near the door. The scent of it hit her nostrils and she immediately began to salivate. She saw eggs, potatoes, steak and actual bacon on the tray. She hadn't had bacon in years!

"Clothes off, I'm in a hurry."

As she removed her pants she looked up at him hesitantly. "Are we..." was as far as she got.

"I'm not in the mood to talk!" his scornful voice boomed through the small room. "One more word and I'll leave you here like this for the rest of the day, got it?"

She recoiled at the force of his fury. She knew that she would have cried if not for the intense lust she was still feeling for him. It was beginning to drive her crazy how badly she wanted to feel his skin against hers.

With all of her clothes off she laid stretched out on the bed with her arms above her head, just as he liked. Wordlessly he looked her over before a dark expression crossed his face.

"Roll over and get on your knees," he instructed.

In the instant it took for her to process the request she watched his face begin to redden in anger. Not wishing to provoke him, she swiftly positioned herself and started to shake from the knowledge of what was about to happen. She'd never had anal sex before and despite her intense desire for him she didn't want to do this.

A cold gel was applied around her anus and moments later she felt him force his way inside of her. A raspy cry escaped her lips as he unceremoniously pressed deep into her and began thrusting rapidly. She tried to contain her cries but his brutal penetrations were more than she could bare.

"This is how you do it," he explained forcefully, still frustrated by F004's timid show of dominance over him the previous evening. He was on a mission to show her exactly how to impose one's sexual will on a partner. Maybe next time she'd get it right. 

"Stop!" she begged as she put out a hand meant to push him off. He slapped it away and became even more aggressive leaving her in terrible pain. She bit down on her hand, praying that he would have his release soon before he really hurt her, if he hadn't already. Her mind struggled to understand where all of this had come from. What had she done to deserve this?

Mercifully, she felt his pace change and heard him grunting as he climaxed in her. A few seconds later he pulled out and she collapsed onto the bed, unable to move as waves of agony pulsed through her.

Karl looked down on her as she groaned agony and immediately began to regret doing this to her. He found it hard to believe he was even capable of hurting another person like this, much less her.

Not knowing what to say, he started backing away, picking up his clothing as he retreated out of the room.

With her head still buried in her hands, she heard the door open and close and then all that was left was the sound of her wretched whimpers.

----------------------

A long time seemed to pass without any sign of the devil man. 'Devil man,' she thought. She had never stopped thinking of him by that moniker even during the brief period when things appeared to be going well with him. Her instincts hadn't been fooled by the monstrosity that had invaded her mind. She only wished that she had trusted those instincts in the first place. Because of her mistakes her own sister could be in danger.

She wallowed in self-pity for a while but eventually her hunger started to creep into her thoughts. To get to the food he had left, she gingerly slid across the floor from the mattress to the door. Based on how sore she felt she was pretty sure that it would be a long time before she'd be able to stand and walk again. But she didn't need to walk to pray. She spent the majority of her time alone asking God to protect Larissa and to help her find her way free of this place. She knew that God helped those who helped themselves so any time that she was not praying she spent trying to remove the helmet. Since she wasn't under his watchful eye she tried slamming it against the wall a few times but that only resulted in giving her a headache.

When the clock on the wall flipped to 2pm she started to worry that something had happened and he wasn't coming back. He'd been gone for more than six hours and she was already starting to become hungry again. Given the nature of her sister it was possible that he had his hands full. The more she thought about it, the more confident she became that Larissa wouldn't take him up on his offer no matter what he tried to offer her. She was probably grilling him right now trying to figure out where she was.

It was nearly 3pm before she heard a small clack from outside the door which was followed up by the muffled sound of what sounded like the devil man's talking to someone else. Anastasia sat dead still as she strained to hear for another person's voice. Then there was the sound of commotion and she heard a woman scream. Her heart began to thump in her chest wondering if that could have been from her sister. The struggle went on for several long seconds before taking a brief break and then she heard more yelling and tussling.

Finally, the door swung open and she saw her sister pushed through the door with the devil man firmly holding her restrained arms. She was already wearing a black helmet that was tightly secured to her head. Larissa's dark brown eyes locked with hers for a moment and showed a flash of surprise before she was shoved forward onto the floor. Anastasia's focus turned to the devil man who had a small cut along his cheek and looked furious. She thought he was going to kick Larissa but he held back and instead turned his towards the wall and drove his foot into it several times. The concrete didn't seem to mind.

"She bit me," he accused revealing the red impression of teeth marks running along his forearm to F004.

"You choked me!" Larissa challenged back before standing to her feet. "What the hell is this thing?" she demanded with a flip of her head.

Karl had already put his red helmet back on and instructed for synchronization to begin. He was eagerly awaiting the moment when Temptress could answer F005's question herself.

Larissa turned away from the man she had earlier learned was named Karl and focused on Anastasia. She was concerned by the fact that she hadn't moved from her spot or even spoken during the whole altercation.

"Are you alright?" she asked her older sister who had tears forming in her eyes.

Anastasia shook her head and wrapped her arms around Larissa as she sat near her. "I'm so sorry that I got you into this."

Larissa felt her sister tense up and heard her take in a sharp breath before separating from her. When she did, Larissa saw a painful expression on her face.

"You're hurt," she said with concern. She felt a sense of helplessness consume her as her big sister eyes appeared to be begging her for help. "What did he do to you?"

Unable to admit what had happened, Anastasia looked away and closed her eyes sending a couple tears streaming down her warm cheeks.

Larissa turned a vicious gaze on Karl. "What did you do to her?!"

Jumping to her feet she made a motion towards Karl who retreated back a step and warned, "Stay back! I can hurt you with this," he said tapping his helmet. "I don't want to, but I will."

"You fucking coward! What a big man you are hurting my sister and threatening me while I'm handcuffed!"

"Synchronization complete," came the angelic voice from above.

Larissa was distracted enough by her own rage and thoughts for her sister that she didn't immediately notice the sensations that were just beginning to swim within her. It felt humiliating to stand before him with her arms restrained especially as his eyes appeared to be taking in the sight of her upper body. She was pretty sure he'd done plenty of that during their drive while her face was covered but he seemed to be taking a lot of pleasure in watching her now.

She suddenly started to notice an unusual feeling in her nether regions. Though she maintained her steely gaze on him, she took a few steps back and sat back down next to her sister. Within a few minutes the sensations became apparent enough that she could no longer ignore them. She could tell that Ana understood what she was feeling as she leaned over and hugged her.

"$25,000 in cash," came Karl's words soaked in disdain. "$10,000 wasn't enough and you wouldn't take a check so I had to drive two hours to my bank to withdrawal that much cash." Karl began a menacing approach towards F005 and could see that while she had been a little spitfire a few minutes ago, Temptress was already beginning to wear down her resolve. "I'm going to get my money's worth out of you, believe me." He walked the last few steps over to the mattress before grabbing her by the arm and jerking her away from F004.

Larissa nearly managed to shove her helmet directly into his face but he narrowly avoided her attack before seizing her by the shoulder and heaving her away.

"Go over there," he directed her with a forceful throw. She was just barely able to maintain her balance long enough to press herself up against the wall on the opposite side of the room. Karl took a seat next to Anastasia and after letting out a few frustrated breaths his demeanor turned apologetic. Anastasia was tense and unsure of what to expect given what he'd done to her earlier that day.

"I, ummm," he started and placed a hand on her leg. "I'm sorry for how I treated you this morning. I wasn't thinking straight."

She turned her eyes up to his and for the first time felt righteously angry for what he had done to her. He must have sensed this turning of her emotions as she almost immediately felt the manipulated love sensation hit her with full force. The anger that had been boiling in her swiftly vanished and she found herself wanting to fall into his arms.

"That's not fair," she protested. "You can't apologize and then..."

Karl placed an arm around her shoulders and moved into kiss her. Her resistance melted and she gratefully accepted his embrace and pressed her lips into his. She wished that she wasn't in so much pain or she would have leapt on top of him.

"Ana," Larissa spoke in disbelief from across the room.

Anastasia had completely forgotten that her sister was even there. Embarrassed, she pulled away from the devil man and lowered her eyes, unable to meet Larissa's. Her arms still clung to him though and she watched as he gave her sister a taunting grin.

"Don't be jealous F005, your time is coming."

"I told you not to call me that Karl!" she stomped towards him menacingly. Karl didn't seem impressed.

"No names," he said in a restrained voice. "How are you feeling?"

Larissa huffed but didn't answer his question. Instead, she turned her gaze to Ana who already didn't appear to even notice that she was there anymore. Her lips were caressing his neckline and her hand rubbed across his chest. She could hardly believe what she was witnessing. She knew better than most that her sister wasn't prone to foolishly falling for anyone, much less this malevolent asshole. If the helmet turned her into this after just a day then it was a truly terrifying device.

Keeping his eyes on F005, Karl began to undo F004's pants and pushed her back onto the mattress. With her pants around her knees he looked down at his victim as he started rubbing her through her underwear. The woman winced as she made an uncomfortable movement but quickly settled back in and felt the pleasure from his touch envelope her.

Larissa wanted to say something, but she was beginning to feel just what kind of control he must have over her sister. Her own sexual desires were climbing exponentially as the minutes passed and she even found herself feeling excited by what was happening before her. She turned away in disgust as she walked towards the keypad and started pressing her elbow against it. She hadn't seen what code Karl had used but knew that it was four numbers followed by the pound key. Even with the use of her fingers her odds of guessing it were obviously horrible but her action had the desired effect.

"Hey!" screamed Karl who jumped to his feet. He grabbed her arm and pulled it away from the keypad. "You'll lock us out! Do you really want to be stuck in here with me any longer than you need to be?"

Larissa stood half a foot shorter than him but didn't feel the least bit intimidated. She rose up on her feet, pressed her helmet against his, and bared her teeth. "Let us go!"

Karl managed to remain calm and brushed her aside. He knew that he'd have his way with her soon enough. "Touch it again and there will be consequences." He proudly pointed to her helmet. "Temptress isn't someone to mess with."

"Temptress?!" she mocked. "What kind of bitch ass name is that?"

Faster than she thought he could move, Karl swung around and pressed his forearm into her throat until she was pinned against the wall.

"Don't you talk about her that way, ever! Get me?!"

Unable to breathe, Larissa held his hard gaze for a couple seconds before nodding in submission.

Karl released her and watched as she doubled over gasping for air. He let out another deep breath and ran a hand over his scalp. The clock showed that it had been about 15 minutes since he had enabled arousal on her. It shouldn't be long before she would start to give. He looked over at F004 who was obviously conflicted as to whether she should pull up her pants or drop her underwear. He was trying to decide that himself. She had become a pawn in his game to break F005 and he was thinking about how best to use her to that end.

"Strip," he instructed her and saw her unquestioningly follow the command. He watched Larissa turn away from both of them and start moving back and forth between two nearby walls in the corner.

For the next few minutes he used his fingers and kisses to tease F004. He did whatever he could to cause her to exhale or moan loud enough for F005 to hear while he kept a close eye on her. He was just waiting for any eye contact so he could give her a taste of the pleasure that only he could offer. As F004's panting became more pronounced the moment finally came when F005 tentatively turned to him and he used Temptress to cause her to gasp in surprise. Her eyes locked on his again and another shot of pleasure rocked her. It pleased him when he saw that F005 was just as stubborn at F004. She turned away from him rather than submitting to what she had to know was inevitable. Despite the two of them being so different in nature they were also very similar.

He decided to begin applying desire to F005 for the first time. It would take a while for Temptress to learn her mind well enough to effectively impose this but he had nothing but time. He was also quite confident that this method was going to prove as successful on F005 as it had been on F004 whose naked body he looked down at now. Her eyes told him everything. She was desperate beyond any capacity to hide it and he was quite certain there wasn't anything she wouldn't do right now, so he decided to test that theory.

"Call for F005 to join us."

She looked up at him in surprise for a moment but that turned to shock when he removed his hand from her as punishment for her hesitation. Even though he'd only been giving her a fraction of the pleasure her body so badly desired it had at least been something. Now she felt like the ball of energy that had just barely been contained was ready to burst free and she needed satisfaction at any cost.

"Larissa," she squealed.

"No names!" he reprimanded her.

"F005. Can you come over here, please!"

Larissa was shaking in the corner. The confidence she had come here with was rapidly dissipating. Even if her naked sister hadn't been shamelessly calling her over she would have felt at a remarkable disadvantage to Karl and his helmet. The sensations she was feeling were undeniable and more recently she felt herself actually wanting to go to him just to feel his embrace. She heard her sister call to her again and sensed a growing worry in her voice. For Ana to be doing this she must have been experiencing something more excruciating than she could imagine. Yet she knew that she couldn't go to her. That wasn't an option for any number of reasons. But she wondered how long it would be before she would give in. Though she didn't turn to the Lord often, in this moment she began to pray and tried to block out all the evils that were happening around her.

All of them turned their attention to the door as a sound from outside the room echoed down the hall. At first it sounded like the beating of a drum but was then followed up by the crashing of metal and glass.

Karl leapt to his feet and moved towards the door before halting and looking around, seeming unsure of what to do.

"Did I tell you that I spoke with Jazmin before you came by," Larissa asked still staring into the corner. "She told me what had happened to her here and why she was so excited for Ana." Larissa managed to reach into her back pocket and pulled out what looked a lot like a thick quarter with a small blue LED and tossed it into the air. Not wanting to miss his expression she turned to him as the small disk clattered to the floor.

The blood sank from Karl's face turning him a paler white than he already was.

"GPS tracker. Not sure how well it works inside of this building but I figured they'd be able to see where you drove me. Sounds like they were able to anyways."

Karl's focus switched to the sharp voices of men and beat of footsteps rushing around his building. There was a moment where he looked at F005 and considered taking out his revenge on her while he could, but then he was startled by a harsh banging sound on the door to the test chamber. He looked around the room frantically.

"Put on your clothes!" he demanded of F004 and he rushed over to F005. He began removing her cuffs with nervous hands and followed that up by pressing a slender key into the pin hole buttons that released the straps of her helmet. His shaking hands as well as F005's lack of cooperation made this exceedingly difficult. Tearing the black helmet off her head, he rushed over to F004 and did the same with her scuffed up blue helmet and then removed his own.

Larissa watched with some amusement as he tried to stash the helmets and cuffs behind the toilet which was about the only place to hide anything in the nearly empty room.

"I'll pay you," he offered to both of them in a fear filled voice. "Anything you want, I'll pay. You have my..."

The door finally gave way and swung open, crashing against the wall. Officers with guns drawn rapidly moved into the room taking aim at Karl and barking orders. Following their directions he dropped to his knees and was brutally thrown to the ground and cuffed before being yanked to his feet and shuttled out the door. It all happened so fast that Larissa and Ana never even saw the tears running down his face as he was taken away.

----------------------

The two of them were both escorted out of the building while the officers cleared the remainder of it. It took a couple officers to help Anastasia limp gingerly outside before placing her in a grassy area. Medical personnel showed up some time later and checked both of them over. She reluctantly allowed them to treat her injuries but found that nothing serious had occurred.
