 Story Summary: Taking place near the modern day, Karl designs a functioning prototype for a sexual control device that will one day evolve into the Domina chip which was used in my previous story I, Blackmail. He carries out unethical human trials of his new device as he attempts to work out the bugs and add new features. This culminates with his tests on Anastasia and her sister Larissa.

NOTE: I just want to say upfront that my stories are geared towards character and world building first and erotica second though I try to blend all of it together to make the best story I can.

*****

Anyone who believes that necessity is the mother of invention is only half right, at least in the digital age. Back in the days of the hunter gatherer true necessity existed. If you were going to take down a woolly mammoth you were going to need weapons and if you were going to cook the mammoth you needed fire. People needed clothing, shelter, food, transportation, education, and ways to pass on their knowledge and culture in the form of writing. These kinds of necessity driven inventions were a mainstay all the way through to the industrial era. However, once humanity entered into an age of plenty, desire also became a key driver of invention. We didn't need a car that could exceed a hundred miles per hour, but we certainly desired it. We desired other things too like a 70-inch television that is an inch deep, a CPU that has a dozen cores running at 3 GHz each, virtual reality devices that we could stick on our faces whenever we were fed up with the real world, and though many wouldn't openly admit it, we desired new ways of experiencing sexual pleasure. It just so happened that a man name Karl would become the harbinger of the much-anticipated digital sexual revolution.

Karl could have done almost anything with his life as long as it didn't require charm or athletic ability. He was born an only child to a wealthy family in the most technologically advanced nation on earth. Gifted with remarkable intellect as well as supportive parents who nurtured his abilities, he made vast strides that put him ahead of his peers in nearly every aspect. After skipping multiple grades, he earned a Bachelor's of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Berkeley in 1986. Following in the footsteps of other alumni of the time he started his own company in the bustling computing sector in the heart of Silicon Valley. After several decades of experiencing the dizzying highs and woeful lows of running such an enterprise, he sold his business during the dot-com boom making himself an overnight multi-millionaire. He attempted several other ventures after that which met with relative success but fell far short of his original venture. After years of trial and strife he fell into a mental malaise and his personal life began to suffer. It felt like something was missing. The passion and aspiration he had in his youth was now gone and it seemed like he had already accomplished everything he had ever set out to do. So in 2015 at the age of 48 he retired.

Being socially awkward and having spent his youth focused on his career, Karl missed out on having any meaningful relationships with women. He spent much of the next several years alone despite rarely being without the company of a young woman. Or several young women at times. Money had a way of making the exotic girls of the tropical paradise he'd retired to flock to him. While they provided him with some distraction and satisfaction he was ultimately left feeling discontented. He feared that it would always be this was until he read a study on a Brain Computer Interface (BCI) which detailed the promise this technology held not just in reading minds, but also in altering thoughts and feelings.

For the next several months he delved into learning everything he could about this cutting-edge technology and made use of his old business contacts to get in touch with some of the greatest minds in the field. Soon he was on the same level as those great minds and began to surpass them in many ways even if the direction he was looking to take the technology was far from what the learned community would consider useful science. He started mapping out the areas of his brain that controlled desire, sexual arousal, and especially focused on everything related to his orgasm. Using this data and his burgeoning understanding of the technology he began attempting to trick his mind into feeling different sensations using electromagnetic frequencies.

At first he met with varying degrees of success in all areas and was able to complete the proof of concept stage of the project, but after months of tinkering his research hit a plateau and he decided that he needed to leverage another tool to help him break through this impasse. He started programming a simple Machine Learner (ML) that would analyze his brain output, attempt to modify it in a specific way, and he'd tell it whether it's attempts were successful or not. Initially the process was just random guess and check but as the ML began to accumulate data and decipher complex patterns, it wasn't long before major advances began to occur.

The area that the program cracked first was the ability to make him feel strong desire. His original goal had been for the desire to be purely sexual but what he and the ML stumbled upon instead was a more personal and meaningful desire akin to love. It was a sensation that made him crave attachment to something or someone. He wasn't sure if it was the excitement of this achievement or a result of the level of desire the ML was able to impose on him, but he became addicted to the feeling. For nearly a week he focused exclusively on this and often got close to driving himself mad with unfulfilled desire. To his surprise he found that this naturally led him to ascribing his desires to the ML which resulted in him to thinking of it as his sexual partner. Wanting to give his partner a name, he settled on Temptress.

Other successes soon followed until Temptress was capable of every facet of sexual manipulation he had initially set out to achieve. Most nights he would follow the same pattern when spending time with his bride. She would seduce him with desire before teasing him to a level of arousal beyond what he could tolerate and then culminating with an explosion of pleasure more powerful than any regular woman could inflict upon him.

With Temptress becoming more effective and their trysts more rambunctious, Karl began to have trouble with electrodes falling out of place especially during those more intense moments. He commenced with designing a skull cap or helmet to house the electrodes which could be secure to his head. At the same time he started programming rudimentary speech recognition into Temptress. Finally, after more than a year of research and development his project was starting to take the form of a marketable product.

As much as he enjoyed keeping Temptress to himself, the businessman and technology enthusiast in him couldn't help but wonder whether there was a niche for a device like this. He feared exposing the design to the world knowing that it could result in him becoming a laughing stock, but part of him also wondered if this invention could rekindle his professional career. If he were going to find answers to these questions he first needed to experiment with others while keeping it as secretive as possible. To this end he purchased a building deep in the Dominican Republic jungle where he setup a secure test facility.

Finally the day came when he knew that he needed to find his first batch of test subjects. The thought of doing this haunted him just as much as he imagined it would if he were considering sharing his own wife with another person. Temptress was his loyal companion and bride and he couldn't take this decision lightly. But he knew that she was meant for so much more than just being his personal sexual play thing. She was going to change the world and it would be selfish for him to try and stop her from doing so.

Human medical experimentation was technically frowned upon by the law but Karl knew that he had more than enough money to pay off any government official who came sniffing around if it ever came down to that. His real concern was finding good subjects. Rampant poverty among the citizenry would make it easy to find people willing to do nearly anything for a small wage so he set out to investigate different sources for subjects. There were several large cities nearby which were rife with vagrants who lived in abandoned buildings and under any structure that would protect them from the heat and frequent storms. In the more sparsely populated villages the less well-off lived like hunter-gatherers. They could be found scavenging for food in the vast wooded areas or near prime fishing spots. There were also a handful of poorly funded aid stations where people would congregate whenever food was available.

Wanting to get a variety of subjects who wouldn't know each other, Karl decide to pick up one person from each location he visited. For only a couple hundred dollars he found four people willing to be blindfolded and taken to his test facility no questions asked.

As he picked up the different subjects he gave them aliases which started with a gender identifier followed by a three-digit code. M001, M002, F001, and F002 would be his first batch. Karl tried to be selective when he picked each of them so they had a wide variety of characteristics. M001 was younger, bore a few tattoos, and wore a string necklace with metal cross. M002 was middle aged, underweight, was missing a few teeth, and barely ever spoke. The award for the most attractive subject went to F001 despite the fact that she'd obviously had a few children. Her hips were wide and her breasts appeared to sag but her face was attractive and reflected a good nature. F002 he considered to be homely in appearance and looked to be slightly older than M002 but she was quite chatty and energetic. Her best trait was that she spoke good English. While Karl spoke the local Spanish language pretty well, it still helped having someone who could act as a translator in some situations.

In order for Temptress to adapt to new users, Karl created a synchronization process where she would analyze a person's brain patterns to determine if she already had a profile for them or if a new one needed to be built. New profiles required going through a lengthy learning procedure to map the different areas of the brain. Though this hadn't been tested on anyone but him, Karl predicated that the effectiveness of Temptress would start out quite low for each subject and increase over a period of time before reaching its peak after a few hours or a day.

It took Temptress nearly 30 minutes to perform the basic synchronization process with the two male subjects which was well above the one or two minutes it took for her to map to Karl's existing profile. Once that process was complete and the different tests began, she increased in effectiveness at a fairly good rate. During the arousal test for M001, it took just under an hour of testing along with Karl's persistent demands that the subject not give in before he tore the device from his head and nearly threw it to the ground. While the near destruction of his helmet nearly gave him a heart attack, he couldn't have been more pleased with how fast Temptress adapted to the new subject. To prevent another helmet throwing incident, Karl insisted upon using ropes for arm and leg restrains during the remainder of all tests. This proved to be a wise choice as M002, despite his previously quiet demeanor, showed even greater tendencies for violence especially after Karl refused his pleas to stop the arousal test. After his session was over and he was released, both M001 and M002 attempted to break out of the locked test chamber. When they failed to get through the metal door they turned on Karl and forced the keys from him. This event made him realize how foolish he had been to be in the same room as his test subjects. Fortunately the main door to the facility was key coded so after they left the test room he just locked the door behind them leaving them trapped in waiting area while he continued his testing with the two females.

F001 was the first female subject and unfortunately even after an hour Temptress failed to properly synchronize with her mind. Regardless, Karl pushed forward with the desire, arousal, and pleasure tests but they all proved far less effective than they had been on either of the males. The same results occurred for F002 which led to the conclusion that the female mind operated so differently that Temptress would need to develop a whole new method for them.

With the experimentation complete Karl made a deal with F002. For one week of her time he would pay her $200 but she wouldn't be allowed to leave the building. Upon her agreement, they commenced working on acquainting Temptress with the female mind.

Within just two days Temptress was so well synchronized with F002's mind that half an hour of arousal was enough to leave her begging to be released from the chair. Her effectiveness was still short of where it was on the male mind but this was a remarkable improvement. As she became more and more reluctant to volunteering accurate information about the affect Temptress was having on her, Karl granting his bride more freedom to determine for herself what was an improvement and what wasn't. Based on the amount of time it took for the subject to break and the urgency of her screams, Karl knew that Temptress was becoming far more capable than he could have ever hoped.

The excitement he felt from seeing this success and watching the delightful struggles of his subject brought him to significant heights of arousal as well. These became so intoxicating that for the first time in nearly six months he betrayed his digital companion and gave into his lust for F002. She tugged at her restraints as he crept nearer to her and began begging for and even demanding his touch. When that touch finally came in the form of him simply placing a hand on the bare skin of her arm she cried out in relief and pleasure even at this most insignificant of events. He gave her far more reasons to cry out soon afterwards.

By the time the week ended, F002 was extremely reluctant to leave. Part of this was because she knew she would never again reach the level of sexual depravity that she had experienced which was a shame all on its own. But the worst pain part was that she had fallen in love with Karl and Temptress. She begged Karl to tell her that she would be able to return and be used by the two of them again but Karl already had his fill of this woman and was ready for the next batch. Placing a blindfold over her eyes, he directed her back to his vehicle and dropped her off in the village where he had found her before driving off.

Taking the lessons he learned from his first test subjects, he worked on improving the security of the test chamber by adding an interior key pad, a one-way mirror that would allow him to work from outside the room, and he added a sink and toilet inside so he would no longer need to let his subjects out. Several speakers and mics were mounted around his test chamber so that he could communicate with Temptress from within the room or talk with subjects while outside the room. He continued evolving the helmet which was now starting to look more like a football helmet without the faceguard. The outer shell of the helmet was upgraded from plastic to machined aluminum and the original fabric strap was replaced by three adjustable metal straps. One strap connected to the base of the helmet and wrapped around the neck and another was a chin strap. A third shorter strap clipped both of the others together locking them in place. He also added a battery and wireless receiver to the helmet which allowed it to be mobile rather than tethered to a computer.

For his next experiment Karl decided to put his new changes to the test. He felt that the helmets were sturdy enough that he could leave his subjects alone and they wouldn't be able to remove or damage them. Driving out to two separate locations, Karl managed to find a couple subjects which he labeled M003 and F003. Part of his reason for selecting both of them was due to how dissimilar they appeared to be. The man was a young city dweller who was drunk at the time of his hiring. He was on the north side of obese indicating he likely wasn't poor though smelled like he hadn't showered in some time. The woman appeared to be in her late 40s and had a short, diminutive frame but looked to be quite fit. Her face had a savage and cruel look to it even before taking the scar that ran across her right eye into account.

When they were both in the test chamber and had the helmets strapped to their heads, Karl flipped Temptress into action while waiting near the door to see what their reactions would be. Both of their synchronization periods took about 30 minutes with M003's finishing just slightly before F003's. When the two subjects began to feel Temptress's effects they looked at Karl in disbelief and started firing off questions. Feeling confident that the experiment was humming along as expected, Karl typed his code into the keypad and walked out of the room. He watched on from behind the one-way mirror and listened to their protests and concerns which were picked up by the microphones inside the room.

After about 20 minutes M003 began making serious attempts at removing the helmet which mostly ended in him choking himself while F003 clawed at the door and bashed her fists against the mirror. Karl was sweating a bit hoping that he hadn't overestimated the strength of all his designs, but after another ten minutes of watching them both fail to damage anything or escape he started to feel more confident.

M003 was the first one to reach a hand into his pants in an attempt to pleasure himself but Karl had enabled Temptress's latest feature which counteracted such sensations. It wasn't long before M003 had his pants around his ankles and was desperately jerking off with a look of utter terror at the lack of feeling in his favorite body part. F003 became more frantic and soon began crying due to what Karl estimated to be the combination of an obese naked man masturbating a short distance away and her own insatiable desires building up. It brought Karl a great deal of pleasure seeing Temptress take this previously stern and fearsome looking woman down to tears so quickly.

When M003 suddenly snapped and attacked F003 Karl nearly decided to end the experiment before either of them could get hurt, but his curiosity told him to wait. F003 showed amazing reaction time and speed as she fended off his initial advances but after a hard slap to the face left her disoriented, M003 unbuttoned and dropped her pants to just passed her knees. When she recovered she dug her index finger into M003's left eye causing him to release her and fall back with a shout of pain. Now free of him, she appeared as though she were going to pull her pants back up but stopped short as she began desperately rubbing the visible wet spot on her underwear. Despite her new obsession, the look on her face never changed as she continued to bare her chipped and browning teeth and kept her fury-filled eyes focused on M003.

M003 recovered to his feet and decided to try a new tact. He thoughtfully explained in his intoxicated and slurred speech that between his erect penis and her wet underwear that maybe they could help each other. F003 let out a ferocious yell at this suggestion and might have attacked him again if she hadn't been so busy fruitlessly rubbing herself.

After several more minutes passed M003 was now on the cold concrete floor jerking himself off at such a pace that Karl was expecting him to have a heart attack and F003 was aggressively hopping up and down in place trying anything to get satisfaction while occasionally crying out in frustration. When F003 finally succumbed, her panties came flying off and she jumped on top of M003 so fast that Karl could barely track her half naked form crossing the room. As soon as the two of them managed to get him inside of her, Karl immediately turned off Temptress's pleasure prevention and they both moaned in ecstasy. F003 rode M003's fat form up and down at a pace that made Karl think of an angry rabbit.
