 Lux shifted uncomfortably, and eyed the metal walls. She hadn't had a wealth of experience with enclosed spaces, and this metal box attached to some pulley system didn't reassure her in the least. It made her stomach feel odd, like it was somewhere near the ceiling, unable to keep up.

She knew it was attached to some mechanical system because she had flatly refused to get into the elevator until Ethan explained what the hell it was to her in some detail.

He glanced sideways and grinned. 

"You'll get used to them. They're pretty reliable, and without them, it's almost impossible to get to some floors – so unless you want to live a fairly restricted life here...." 

Lux gave him one of her best withering glares, which was interrupted by an electronic chime as the lift slowed to a halt. 

They emerged into another roughly cut, glimmering corridor similar to Lux's current quarters, but with no side doors. Their footsteps reverberated off the walls as she paced alongside him.

"Remind me again where we're going?" Lux asked, swallowing her discomfort. 

After leaving her to enjoy a warm bath and her first experience of shampoo in a decade the night before, Ethan had ominously informed her he would be back to collect her today. Lux wasn't about to trust anyone readily, but she had little choice, which was how she came to be dressed in a long pale blue shift dress, that left her arms bare but fell to her ankles. It had been so long since she had been out of the leather suit that she felt horribly underdressed, despite the loose cut and length.

"A bit of a tour, that's all. It's traditional to show newcomers a bit of the city before they are tested and allocated to a tier." Ethan spoke conversationally, as he strode purposefully on.

*** 

Felis ran his hands through his tousled hair and leant back in his leather desk chair. It had been a good morning's work, and he was pleased, albeit exhausted. Still, he mused, it was worth it to see the evidence of Pantheon thriving. The oil reserves were productive and had never been more valuable. This year's harvest was proving fruitful, so with any luck, they may even have surplus to sell on the mainland. 

He shut his eyes and took a moment to enjoy the warm breeze flowing through the open glass doors into his study, bringing with it the smell of heady wild flowers and sun. 

Gradually he became aware of a different smell, a musky, exotic perfume that immediately evoked the promise of trouble. Trouble and sex. 

"Lana." He said flatly, eyes still closed. He heard the slither of silk as she moved a few steps into the doorway.

"Your Highness." 

Her voice dripped honey, full of deliberate promise. 

Felis opened his eyes, but made no move towards her. He watched her slink sinuously and confidently towards the desk. 

"Strange, I don't remember requesting your presence." He didn't bother to hide the cold irritation in his voice. 

Lana pouted insincerely, sliding around the desk before sweeping the papers aside and lifting herself in one fluid movement to sit on its surface, legs crossed seductively. 

"Oh Felis," she sighed in mock reproach, "What am I to do? With the King away, and yourself so otherwise engaged, the girls grow ever so frustrated..."

Felis raised an eyebrow, and decided to get to the point. 

He ran his eye over her, from the tip of her polished toe, up her long legs to the slit in the dark red shift, through which an expanse of caramel toned thigh was very deliberately on show. He took his time as his eyes rose up the slim curve of her waist to her chest, invitingly angled towards him. Finally, he met her brown almond eyes. 

Lana smirked. 

Felis leaned in closer until their faces were inches apart. It was always a twisted little game with Lana, one to which he knew the rules only too well.

"Want to know what I think?" He said, slowly and softly.

"Enlighten me...." She purred.

"I think you couldn't care less if the rest of the circle tore each other apart..." He drew himself a little closer in the chair, cheek almost to cheek, to whisper in her ear; "I think... you just want a good fuck."

Lana closed her eyes and shuddered gently, instinctively turning her face towards his, but Felis leaned abruptly back in his chair again.

"Of course," he said conversationally with a sudden change of tone, "It's not really my problem. I have every right to tell you to piss off and go and amuse yourself until the King returns in a few days time...." He stood up.

Lana's eyes flashed dangerously.

"...However, today I'm feeling generous," Felis finished. Swiftly enough to surprise her he grasped her arm and pulled her up to meet his hard chest.

Felis lowered his face to her neck, gently biting the soft skin there while inhaling her perfume deeply. His cock twitched in response to its familiar promise.

Lana wasted no time, and wrestled his black t-shirt over his head before she began to lick her way down his chest. Her hands unbuckled his belt with practised ease. 

It had been over a week since Felis had allowed himself release, and he wasn't in the mood for foreplay. He also knew very well that Lana liked to play rough. 

With not a coherent thought in his head, he undid the button fly on his jeans. Gripping Lana around the waist, he spun her around non-too-gently and grasped her hair, pushing her head down until she was bent invitingly over his wooden desk. 

She purred in approval as he grasped her shift and pulled it up to gather above her waist. Lana arched her back invitingly, and Felis ran his hands down each side of her waist before reaching up with one hand to trace the outline of one hard nipple. His right hand traced the line of her hip around to her front, fingers sliding slowly over her smooth mound.

He lightly ran a finger between her already moist and swollen folds and she moaned lightly. 

Pressing himself tightly to her back, he forced her flat to the desk as his erect cock pressed against her wetness. 

"mmmmmm, yesss..." Lana hissed, writhing against his hardness as much as her pinned position would allow.

Felis drew back just enough to line the head of his cock up with her dripping hole, and then in one violent thrust he drove his full length into her with a guttural snarl.

Lana cried out in pleasure as he began to piston in and out of her rapidly, one hand grasping her hair painfully tight, still pushing her head to the desk, the other twisting one nipple brutally.

Lana's cries steadily escalated in intensity. Felis felt her start to tense beneath him, and pulled fimly on her thick golden hair, forcing her to arch further and driving deeper into her. 

With a deep groan of ecstasy, she climaxed, shuddering. Her walls spasmed tightly around his shaft, and Felis growled as he came quickly and intensely, releasing his load deep within her.

They stayed still and panting for a moment, as they recovered. Then Felis drew away. 

Lana stood, still regaining her breath, and smoothed down her shift before turning smoothly. Felis was re-buckling his belt.

She reached a hand out and ran a finger lazily down his muscled torso, looking up at him heatedly.

"I could stay, and keep you company..." she suggested, huskily.

Felis barely glanced at her as he stepped away around the desk and moved to pour himself a drink.

"No need, you are dismissed." He stated with finality.

Lana glared with fury at his ambivalent back, but smoothed the rage from her face as he turned. 

"Yes, your Highness." She replied smoothly, before dropping a graceful curtsey and gliding from the room.

As she walked down the hall to her quarters, she smiled smugly to herself as his cooling cum trailed down her thigh beneath the silk.

*** 

Lux thought that the great hall had been impressive enough. 

An enormous rock cavern, the space was overwhelming. Minerals glimmered in the walls and ceiling, lit by warm electric uplighters set into the floor around the rough curved walls. 

The entire city could meet here to dine in the evening, Ethan had said. On one side of the room, a raised platform was flanked by dark red velvet curtains tied back to the walls. This, she was told, was for the King, Prince and Higher circle. A level down, and the second circle sat. Each level down was larger than the last, spreading in a crescent; and each had a huge curved table of polished wood, with benches either side.

Despite the enormous tables, each level had ample space left around them, and this was covered in thick rugs and cushions. Lux had spent enough time talking to Luca to understand that once dinner was over, the residents could relax with whoever they wished here, and do whatever they wanted. Not everyone stayed in the hall, and it was custom for Royalty and the higher circle to retire to the Royal lounge to have their fun.

The hall was overwhelming. However, at this moment, Lux and Ethan stood on a balcony in the sun, overlooking the part of Pantheon Lux could never have dreamt of.

The indoor city of Pantheon, with its central great hall and many levels – each smaller than the last as one ascended in the lifts, made sense when viewed from outside.

Lux was standing on a natural balcony on the side of the mountain, but she could see now that the tall conical peak itself formed the city. Ethan explained that the peaks on the island had once been volcanoes, now largely extinct. 

"Pantheon is entirely self-sufficient," He explained. " We have geothermal energy from further dormant peaks on the island. We have all this fertile land..." He gestured at the view.

It was spectacular. 

The ring of peaks hid an expansive area, which was rigidly divided into different areas of agriculture. Enough to feed Pantheon and more, he explained.

Lux could see how it started as a military base, back before the Final War. She imagined the ring of peaks shielded the island's secrets well from the sea. 

The hidden face of the mountain was carved out into channels and ledges, on one of which they stood, some deep enough to house extensive decorative gardens, many with sliding glass doors into the levels and corridors behind. 

It was a hidden oasis of sorts, added to over generations, initially protecting the regiment it housed when war broke out. Now their descendants had gradually made it into a living breathing hidden city, but the technology and military efficiency that allowed it to be self-sufficient and defensive was at its core. 

"The gardens towards the higher tier are the most beautiful," Ethan spoke gently, breaking Lux out of her awed silence. "Shall we?"

She nodded mutely and followed him up the zig-zag network of terraces towards the mountain top. Every so often, nearer the peak, their path was barred by a tall fence, usually covered with creepers and fragrant climbing plants. Ethan pressed his finger to a sensor at each barrier, and a gate latch slid open. Just as the security increased when rising up the levels inside Pantheon, it increased outside.

Finally they emerged into a flat sheltered area.

"Where are we?" Lux asked, looking around.

"The crater at the top, basically," Ethan explained, "It contains the royal gardens. This is just a small area."

It was beautiful; lush and green with blossoms curling around little seated follies. Ethan sat on a stone bench below an arch of greenery, and Lux sat down beside him.

"So, there you go. You've seen some of the city now. Not all of it, of course, but some." He smiled and looked around him.

"Jeeeesus," Lux breathed, "It's a lot to take in."

Ethan glanced sideways and gave her a hard look.

"You know," He said with edge, "You really should be careful, cursing in the names of pre-war religious icons like that. Anyone might think you got an education somewhere..." He raised his eyebrows questioningly.

Lux maintained a blank face and met his gaze.

"I have learnt a lot from the varied people I've met, besides, I have spoken to many who still use old words; even if they've no idea of their original meaning." She replied calmly, "But I've no desire to look into my past. I was under the impression that the point now was the direction of my future." She turned back to admiring the garden.

"Believe me; I don't want to force a life history from you." Ethan replied, relentlessly. "Many women come here traumatised by their past. It has taken some years to trust anyone, especially men. But I need to be clear with you...."

Lux turned to him and nodded to show she was listening. 

"I like you, Lux, for some reason. There are few who fit the requirements for Higher Circle, and even fewer who are strong enough to be seriously considered. Should you pass the test, I think you would cope. I also think it could be a good thing to have a new consort up there. But, I serve the King and Prince. The wellbeing of everyone in the city depends on them."

Ethan's face, which usually wore a hint of humour, was deadly serious. Lux knew he meant every word, and respected him all the more for it. He turned and looked directly at her.

"We have no reason to trust you. I can only hope to hell that I am right, and let you know loud and clear that if you do anything stupid, I will personally make sure you are shot." The humour was back in Ethan's eyes, but Lux knew better than to think he didn't mean every word.

She liked to know where she stood. 

"I hear you... and I'm ready to be tested." She stated, calmly.

Ethan raised his eyebrows.

"It may be the most coveted role, but it's not easy, Lux. You've got to be able to submit to authority, utterly, for a start.....You know you can have more time, if you'd like it..." 

Lux smiled at him, but shook her head.

"Thanks, Ethan. I've seen a great deal today, and there is a lot to take in, but I know enough now to know I'd be a fool not to do this."

That's the damn truth...she thought. Lux was well aware that she didn't have many options, anyway. She had seen too much by far now to leave. She could be timid, and wait, but she would be stuck on the sidelines, with no access to the King or Prince. No, it was time to take the plunge, so to speak.

Ethan nodded. 

"In that case, name your time, and I'll come and visit you."

"Tomorrow night," Lux replied.

***