 Well here's the next installment, guys! I know this chapter and the one before aren't so long, but I've been working on the assumption that little and often is better than big chunks months apart – I shall try to keep it up! Remember, I write faster with the incentive of comments – It really helps to know what you all think! Don't forget to vote and get in touch,

Roses xx

4.

She alternated between pacing like a caged tiger, and sitting and staring at herself in the mirror. 

Both were unsettling.

She laughed at herself, slightly hysterically. The girl in the mirror laughed back, all glossy, bouncing black hair, falling in newly cut and brushed waves about her shoulders. 

'I'm clearly going mad..' Lux thought. Then she thought again. 'Actually, no. I am sane. This entire situation is what's insane.' 

She sighed.

The girl in the mirror sighed alongside her; her face settling back into what Lux realised must be her standard expression. Impenetrable, wild green eyes in a serious pale face; wary and over-alert.

So many things still to learn, to become acclimatised to, if she wanted to make this work.

It had been just over a week since she entered Pantheon, but to Lux, it felt like an age. Outside, wild on the islands, her concept of time had blurred and she knew years only by the seasons. She had carved a mark for every winter into a tree, determined not to lose them. 

In the past week, she had learnt the sheer scale of the Panthera tribe. She had learnt yet more history, pre Final War and post, and suddenly all of her fathers early teaching – in one ear and out the other in her pre-teen years, was coming back to her, hard.

She had re-learnt the little things. 

It had been at least five years since Lux spoke to someone who was not a threat – in fact, in the last decade, every new person she met she had potentially had to kill to defend herself – and generally she had. Out on the islands, the only visitors were rogue hunters, passing through – and they usually saw woman as two things; sex, and re-sale value.

So, the sheer quantity of human contact in the last week – both good and bad – had been exhausting, and exhilarating. 

She had become more familiar with her own reflection – no longer the wild, tangled mess glimpsed distorted in the sea on calm days, but the crisp, feminine reflection that had emerged. She had yet to get used to being waited on – since the eve of the test with Ethan, a woman from the fourth tier had been helping her to wash, dress, do her hair and apply make-up. It was all utterly alien to Lux, and initially she had objected, until Ethan was called in, and pointed out (with evident amusement and exasperation) that this was 'part of the job description', and Lux 'had better get used to it' as it was the least of challenges of being higher tier.

Hell, she had re-learnt how to use a knife and fork.

So she was trying...and she had to admit, the sleek woman in the mirror looked alien but rather wonderful. The dark red silk clung lightly to her althletic frame, softening it and bringing out alabaster skin and the emerald of her eyes. Her thick black hair, although now glossy and tangle-free, would never quite be tamed – it would always add a feral edge. 

Right now, though, Lux was full of pent up energy, most of it nervousness. One problem was that she simply wasn't used to being indoors and sitting – usually, she was always active; training, climbing, running – but mostly, she was just nervous. Tonight was to be her first dinner in the Great Hall

Maybe Ethan had been right, she wondered, and she should have asked for more time...She never had been one to take things slowly once she made up her mind. Like taking the test...

Lux smiled to herself as she re-lived it in her head.

*** 

She hadn't been remotely nervous, which was odd. She had bathed at leisure, before Luca came to help her dress, and teach her how to perform the odd ritual that was the art of hair dressing and makeup application. 

Luca had smiled the whole time, a knowing, mysterious smile.

Lux hadn't understood it at all, and spent half the evening eyeing the woman with suspicion. When she was ready, stood before the mirror as this elegant being she had yet to become acquainted with, she had turned to Luca.

"Luca..." She began, "I don't..."

Luca had put a finger to Lux's painted lips.

"Let me guess," she asked, smiling even more. "You don't understand why I seem so chilled about this. How I can happily prepare you to seduce Ethan."

Lux raised her eyebrows questioningly.

" I guess it is kinda complicated...." Luca began, searching for the explanation. "Well... there's the simple fact of course that I never doubt what Ethan and I have. We are very true to each other, no secrets, just trust."

Lux nodded. She supposed that made sense.

"Its different here, and you'll come to understand that. Sex, seduction, it's a way of life... by no means meaningless, but it's something to be freely enjoyed and shared. Ethan gave up much to be with me alone. To be honoured with the task of testing the royal consorts, that's a big deal, and he deserves it."

Luca stepped towards Lux and laid her hands on the woman's shoulders, smiling. 

Lux tentatively smiled back. 

She had almost forgotten what the meaning of 'friend' was, and female company itself was so alien to her. Over the past week, however, Luca had been her main human contact – bringing her food, and sometimes just dropping by to talk. Lux was surprised to find herself warming to the woman.

Luca was looking at her appraisingly.

"But damn girl," she grinned, "If I were remotely concerned about Ethan's fidelity, I wouldn't let him near you – that's for sure!" She let out her signature throaty chuckle.

Lux grinned back.

"You're gonna shake up the higher tier all right...about time too I reckon." Luca winked. "Seriously, enjoy yourself. Ethan's good, in every sense of the word.." Luca chuckled to herself again "...and I think you'll go far."

She grasped Lux in a brief hug that took the girl completely by surprise, before turning about and exiting the room, still grinning.

Lux had sat and thought to herself in the dimly lit room. 

Of course this didn't bother her, seduction, that she could do. She had learnt hard and fast, in the early years when she became alone – well, almost alone – that seduction was a currency she could use. Had to use. 

Her mind wandered back to those days. 

First, she had used it to escape. 

Hunters used to pass through the islands quite often. A stop off, she supposed, en route to bigger islands, or around the coast. Or perhaps just looking for small tribes to raid and resources to claim. Occasionally, at first, they would take her by surprise. 

Lux had learnt fast, the hard way, that they would take what they wanted eventually whatever she did. It was then that she began to use it to her advantage. Most men, she discovered, would play into her hands all too easily if they thought they would get a willing partner. 

There had been times when she was caught unawares, by those who didn't care for terms at all, of course. Lux didn't want to relive those. She had been lucky, so far, they had always ended up dead in the end, at her hands or at the hands of Gus.

He had always saved her when all else failed and she couldn't save herself. By the end of five years together, it had become a routine. They hunted the hunters. Lux would 'accidentally' stumble into their midst, and when they were well and truly distracted, Gus would enter the scene and their would be a few less bastards in the world, a few women safe from capture down the line , tribes safe from torture. 

Lux shook her head. Better to forget the past...all of it, even Gus.

A soft knock at the door.

With one last glance in the mirror, Lux smiled. It was the smile of a woman who knew what she wanted, and was going to get it.

*** 

So here she sat. 

She had thought that her last accommodation was luxurious. Now, she knew better. This was how the higher tier lived, and it was lavish to say the least.

In contrast to the dark, glistening corridors of the floors below, Lux's room was entirely finished in gleaming white marble; with the exception of the ceiling, which was an expanse of mirrored glass. When you combined that with one wall of glass exiting to the gardens outside, the room was like a box filled with light.

'Makes for a bit of a change from my last cave dwelling...' Lux mused, gazing around contemplatively.

The furnishings were entirely tactile. An enormous four poster bed was decked in cream and claret cushions, with cream muslin inner and claret velvet outer curtains. Adjoining the room was the bathroom, all white marble and gold fittings. There were steps down into a reasonably sized sunken bath, above which was a golden shower head; which if required could emulate the kind of tropical downpour the islands sometimes experienced. 

The point, she supposed, was that should either of their Royal Highnesses actually grace you with a visit outside of their own chambers, it would be fit to receive them.

Right now, Lux wasn't sure she cared what the point was. She was having an uncharacteristic and unfamiliar moment of smugness.

After all, she had done it. She had infiltrated the nest of the enemy, right to the top level. She wondered how many walls were between her and the Prince at that very moment.

The really strange thing was, it had been so easy. 

'Oh come on...' it seemed the little grim voice of reality in her head hadn't left her, whatever her new status... 'Let's be honest, you enjoyed it.'

"Fine," Lux replied, aloud to her own reflection, "it was fun. No shame in that. About time too...better get used to it."

Oh Jesus, she was talking to herself again. That had to stop.

It was only bothering her a little, but it was true. There was no reason for her not to enjoy herself. She called the shots that evening, and Luca had been right. Ethan was good. He had not an ounce of malice or aggression in him that Lux could uncover, and he had seemed genuinely intent on making Lux comfortable, and ensuring she enjoyed herself...

Lux snapped out of it. It had been a long, long time since anyone and spent any effort on her pleasure. Even though she had no connection to Ethan, it was soothing. That it was referred to as a 'test' amused her with hindsight...

Her eyes flicked to the clock set into the wall. Not long to go now.

She stood and nervously smoothed down the long red dress.

*** 

Ethan moved silently. 

Steadily, stealthily, he crept up behind her, watching her like a hawk. She sat on the corner of the bed, brushing her long dark hair, apparently deep in thought as she stared out of the window into the garden beyond.

He was mere inches from touching her now. He reached out....

"So, how did last night go then?" Luca spoke calmly, breaking the silence.

Ethan groaned. "Damn woman, I can never catch you!" 

She turned to him, grinning evilly, as he pulled her in an kissed her on the forehead tenderly. She laughed throatily as he fell back onto the bed covers dragging her down above him.

"So tell me," he said seriously, looking up into her amused face as she propped herself up on her elbows above him; "Are you that desperate to get rid of me? Who do you have your eye on?"

Luca raised an eyebrow in query, then rolled her eyes with an exasperated sigh. 

"Ethan, what are you on about?"

"...Its just," He continued unperturbed, "I've never seen someone transform a wildcat into a princess before. If I were you, I'd have thought twice before unleashing that one on a mission to seduce your one and on- " Luca clamped a hand down over his mouth.

"Hey, I know I haven't got anything to worry about...." She wiggled her hips on top of his suggestively "You're mine mister." She removed her hand and planted a kiss on his lips with a laugh.

Ethan grasped the back of her head and held her there, intensifying it. When he released her mouth, he smiled up at her.

"You've got that right. I wouldn't swap you for every woman in Pantheon."

"Even Lana?" Luca replied with a shit eating grin.

"Uch, especially Lana." Ethan pulled a face. "That cow is much more trouble than she's worth..."

"Enough chat E, tell me how last night went," Luca interrupted, failing to keep the eagerness out of her voice. "Did she pass?"

"Ha! Did she pass...." Ethan snorted, with a look on his face that could only be described as dreamy. 

Luca hit him square in the face with a pillow. "Hey, save me the replay. Get to the point."

"Yes, yes she passed. Definitely, um, skilled enough in the art of seduction. Enough to give 'them upstairs' a run for their money...." He grinned. His face fell a little.

"I knew it!" Luca chuckled, then fell quiet when she saw Ethan's face. "What, you don't trust her?"

Ethan shook his head and sighed.

"I don't know. I thought it would do Felis some good, you know. Get him out of the eternal power struggle, give him something else but work to think about, distract him. She's certainly distracting. But..."

"But you think we may have just released the wildcat among the pigeons" Luca finished, smiling grimly.

Ethan chuckled despite his worry. 

"Don't let Lana catch you referring to her as a pigeon, for goodness' sake..." He sighed again "Do you think maybe I pushed it a bit, putting her nearest to Felis in the consort quarters? Oh God, Lana's going to want her head on a platter...." Ethan bit his lip as he thought ahead...

Luca grinned briefly, then smiled at him tenderly.

"Look, E..." She said softly, stroking his cheek. "I have good feelings about her. I don't know why, and I could be wrong – though that's rare..."

Ethan rolled his eyes jokingly. 

"...but if anyone can deal with the unhappy trio that is King Leon, Lana and Prince Felis, it's this one. Don't forget, she's a survivor." Luca finished, resolutely.

Ethan grimaced.

"Yes. And there's the other problem. A survivor – but of what exactly....I mean, what if my initial fears are true, and she's got some dark ulterior motive hidden in that pretty little head?"

Luca nudged him gently.

"Hey, give her a chance. Let Felis look after himself, its his forte. As for the King, it's Lux I feel more concerned about there..."

Ethan's frown softened a little.

"Well if there's something I learnt during last night's test, it's that you can take the girl out of the wild..." He grinned and wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.

Luca mock slapped him.

"Sheesh, she certainly won you over! Am I going to compete here? Is it my turn to be tested now?" She drawled sarcastically.

Ethan grinned seductively up at her.

" Well, actually, now you mention it I think we should review your skills..." He murmured, sliding his hand gradually up her exposed leg, "...after all, we do have an hour before dinner..."

***