 Jake wanted to cry as he slowly walked across the ramp to his airplane. He ignored the people around him telling him to walk faster, they didn't matter anyways, it was just him and his thoughts. Pretty soon the people pushed him to the side and cursed at him as they passed but he didn't care, why should he? Jake entered the plane, put his baggage in the cargo area and then sat down on the seat closest to the aisle. He had never felt this way before, it wasn't nice, in fact he had never felt this shitty in his entire life. 

 It wasn't a sickness, no, it was something much, much worse. He had just broken up with his fiancé, a woman he thought to be the one that would live with him for his entire life. He was going to invite her on a week long trip to Hawaii, but a day before the big surprise she said he was too complicated of a man to fall in love with. Sure, he knew what she meant, he was never in town because of his job but he didn't think he deserved this. Jake dug his face in his hands as a tear ran down his cheek, how could he live without her?

 "Excuse me, hello, I'm sorry sir, this woman is sitting next to you, would you mind letting her sit," a flight attendant said tapping him on the shoulder. 

 "Oh, yes, yes of course," he said wiping the tear from his face. 

 "Thanks a lot sir," the flight attendant said as he stood up to let the woman sit next to him. As she walked to her seat he realized that this woman was a goddess. Her flowing pitch black hair looked absolutely beautiful and her fit, voluptuous body was to die for. He froze as he looked straight into her beautiful hazel eyes and it took all his strength to avoid looking at her massive cleavage. Her breasts brushed against his chest as she squeezed by him to get to her seat and her perfume smelled like the freshest of roses. What did he do to deserve this?

 Jake sat down again and thought of starting a conversation but he couldn't, he was engaged. Then the thoughts rushed back to him, the breakup, the fight, her moving out, it was too much for him to handle. He turned his head away from the woman sitting next to him and he laid back on his seat. After a while of awkward silence and him almost falling asleep, the woman spoke. 

 "I'm Kylie," the woman said. Any other day he'd be ecstatic but he just wasn't in the mood at the moment. 

 "Hi," he said making an effort to not show any emotion at all. 

 "Look, I just noticed your not looking too good, anything I can do?" She said smiling. 

 "Well, your right, I just, had a bad day I guess," he said smiling back, probably the only time he'd smiled in the past few days. 

 "Well everyone has those, so, have you ever been to Hawaii," she said. 

 "Never, I'm actually kind of excited," he said, for the first time realizing that despite his breakup, he was still going to Hawaii. 

 "Well if you are excited, you do a good job of hiding it, come on be happy, smile for a bit," she said gleefully. 

 "Hah, maybe I should, so, you live in Hawaii or?" He asked. 

 "Yeah I'm studying medicine in the University of Hawaii," she said. 

 "Oh that's great! I'll have to visit you on my trip then!" He quipped, somehow regaining his charm. 

 "Hah, Sure, because the university of Hawaii is better than the Nā Pali coast," she giggled. 

 "If your there then it is," he said resulting in a blush from Kylie.

 They talked for a long while until the conversation began to fade and she put on her headphones. She had really brightened up his day and for the first time in almost a week he relaxed and slept in peace.

 *********************

 This is the captain speaking, we're flying through some unexpected turbulence, kindly put on your seat belts. 

 The captains voice didn't fully wake him but the violent shaking and bouncing of the airplane did. Jake looked at Kylie, who was obviously nervous and he grabbed her hand. She smiled and gripped his hand as hard as she could, she was truly scared. Jake on the other hand was quite calm, he had been on hundreds of flights, this would all turn out fine in the end. As the cabin began creaking and shaking Jake began to feel a bit bothered, were they really in danger? 

 We're flying in extreme turbulence, and...

 The captain stopped talking for a while. 

 We're landing in the water, the emergency exits are...

 More silence, and this time the captain never resumed speaking. The plane was obviously losing altitude, people were screaming and complaining but all he was focusing on was Kylie. She was squeezing his hand so hard that it almost became painful. 

 "Kylie, just hold on ok, everything is going to be fine," he said with what he thought was a reassuring smile. 

 "How do you know?" She screamed. 

 "I don't, but I needed to say something right?" 

 "Jake, Jake I'm scared, really scared," she said obviously nervous.

 "Me too Ky...," Jake said interrupted by a loud crash and a huge explosion. The next thing he felt was water surrounding him and a sharp pain in his head, then everything went black. 

 *****************

 Jake felt wet and sandy, he heard the distinct sound of waves breaking on the shore and wind rustling through the trees. He opened his eyes but immediately squinted as the bright sun shone directly at his face. He slowly stood up and as his eyes adjusted he realized that he was on a huge pacific island. It resembled Hawaii but it certainly wasn't. As the sandy shore ended, a lush jungle began and as he looked higher into the sky he saw a huge volcano at the center of the island. This couldn't be Hawaii, none of the Hawaiian volcanoes were this active and this one certainly was. 

 As he finished looking around his focus shifted to himself, he was completely naked! His shaved cock and the rest of his body was completely exposed and full of sand. What the hell? Why was he naked? After he washed the sand off himself he began walking toward the jungle. He sat on a log right before the jungle began and he thought about the flight. What the hell happened! How did he get here? Why was he naked!? 

 Everything came back to him, the plane, the crash, the water, the blackout, Kylie! He panicked for a second, Kylie was probably gone. She must've either died in the car crash or saved by someone, he hoped she was saved. Jake was too confused to look for food or shelter, he just sat on a log and pondered how in the hell he got here. While he still was deep in his thoughts he heard a small twig break behind him. He thought it was nothing until he heard a woman's voice behind him too. 

 "Jake! Oh my god Jake," the voice said. 

 Jake spun around and to his surprise he saw Kylie, completely naked and and carrying a bundle of sticks. His eyes widened as he took in the sight in front of him, she wasn't wearing a strip of clothes. Her massive, natural boobs sagged just a little to give them an ultra soft appearance and her cleanly shaven pussy was completely exposed. She had beautiful melons and a wet, pink snatch but her long slender legs and flat stomach showed that she was also fit . 

 "Oh Jake, I-I'm so sorry, I didn't know you were here," she said dropping the sticks and trying to cover her huge tits and wet slit. She was extremely embarrassed but after a moment of trying to cover herself up, her eyes focused on his huge dangling member. 

 "Oh my god, Kylie, I...how... How did we get here?" Jake said trying to cover up his own privates. 

 "Im thinking the same thing you are, I just washed up here naked," she said approaching the log where he was sitting,"can, can I sit here?" She said pointing at the log. 

 "Yeah, of course, you know, I think we're the only ones here," he said looking around. 

 "I hope we're not stranded alone here," she said gently lowering her cute bare ass onto the rough log. 

 "Yeah, umm, me too, you know, umm first thing we should do is get some clothes," he said as his cock twitched from her being so close to him. It's not every day you get to see a naked girl as hot as Kylie. 

 "I agree, I think it would make things a bit easier for us both," she said smiling and looking at his erect cock that was barely covered by his hand. Her pussy drooled as she began fantasizing about how it would feel buried deep inside her slit but she quickly shook off the thought. She had to keep herself under control, this was serious. 

 "Ok so we should find clothes for both of us and, look it's not like I want to stare it's just..." Jake started. 

 "Yes," Kylie said, urging him to continue speaking. 

 "Well it's just your a beautiful woman but I think if we stop covering ourselves we would, you know, save time," he said, a bit awkwardly. 

 "Umm, yeah, yeah, of course. I'm getting a bit turned on too and my body has that affect on guys, I know," she said looking at his hard member,"but I agree that we should stop covering ourselves, but we need to stay focused,"

 "Ok, sounds good, at the count of three we stop covering, 1...2....3!" He said as they both took their hands off their private areas. Kylie's soft breasts jiggled freely and Jakes hard cock was visible again. 

 "Umm ok, let's get some clothes in the jungle before it gets dark," Kylie said walking into the dense jungle with Jake. They walked for a bit before Kylie found two thin, long leaves. She used them to cover her huge breasts but they only managed to cover her nipples, leaving part of her aureolas and her huge boobs completely exposed. Jake didn't know how these two thin leaves could hold the weight of her two huge boobs but they did. She then put on another leaf to cover her pussy, but the leaf was so thin, it dug into her wet slit, leaving her two outer lips exposed. When she finished she looked around for a leaf for Jake but she couldn't find any. 

 "Umm Jake, these leaves can barely cover me but there's no way any of them can cover...umm that," she said not sure what to call his large manhood. 

 "It's ok, you can call it a dick" he said laughing,"if we're going to be on this island alone we need to be completely comfortable with each other,"

 "Right, right of course, but we need something to cover your...umm...dick," she said smiling a bit.

 "You know what, don't worry about it, your covered up and that's all that matters. Let's focus on shelter," he said. 

 "Well, there's barely anything left to your imagination but I guess you could say I'm covered up," she, looking down at her nearly nude body. 

 "Yeah, my imagination is working really hard right now," he said, blurting out his first flirt. He immediately stopped himself after he said this,"I-I'm so sorry, I didn't mean..." 

 "Yeah you did, and it's ok, I'm glad you like what you see, I kind of like what I see too" she said blushing,"now let's go build a mansion," she said walking back towards the shore with Jake.

 ***************** 

 The small hut was finished just in time. All it was was fours sticks holding up a roof made up of palm leaves but it would do the job. It was a little bit of a tight space, not that either of them cared, but it was a bit awkward seeing as Jake didn't have any clothes and Kylie was nearly naked. The thin leaf barely held her breasts back and the leaf thong she made was still digging deep inside her pussy. The thin leaf rubbing against the inside of her slit was a bit of a turn on and the sand she was sitting on soon became wet with her own juices. 

 Jake also had a raging boner and there was really nothing he could do about it. He couldn't jack off, and the sight and smell of Kylie's obviously wet pussy was keeping him rock hard. They both were quite thirsty and the sun was about to set so Jake, in an attempt to try and jerk off in secret, went to go find water.

 "Hey, Jake wait for me! You don't expect me to be here all by myself right," she said, her boobs bouncing as she ran to him.

 "No, of course not," he said a bit bummed. 

 As they looked for water, Kylie and Jake grew even hornier. Kylie's leaf thong kept rubbing against her sensitive pussy and just the sight of Jakes monster cock made her want to throw herself on top of him. When they finally reached a natural spring Kylie bent down and drank from the spring first, giving Jake an extremely sexy view. Her cute ass was completely exposed and his cocked jumped as the scent of her wet pussy reached his nose. By the time Jake drank from the spring Kylie couldn't take it anymore. As he bent down his cock dangled, almost touching the floor. This took her way over the edge, her primal urges took control and she grabbed his erect cock. 

 "Ahh, K-Kylie, what are you doing," he said. 

 "What we both want," she whispered in his ear as she began jerking him off. After a while of this Kylie pushed him in the natural spring and jumped in herself. Kylie stood in front of Jake, the water reaching up to her waist and she ripped off her thong. 

 "Do the honors," she said wading closer to Jake and putting his hand on her huge soft tits that were still restrained by the thin leaf. 

 He somehow knew what she wanted and he ripped off her leaf top, revealing her massive fleshy orbs and hard, pink nipples. Without thinking he took one of her tits in his mouth. He lightly bit the ultra sensitive flesh and began massaging her huge boobs. While he savored the taste of her sweet, womanly flesh she aggressively rubbed her own quivering snatch. Jake sensed this and reached under water, he slid his finger into her warm, moist clit, a stark contrast to the chilly water they were wading in. Jake spread her legs a bit underwater and let Jake aggressively finger her. He kept pleasuring her until her pussy clenched around his fingers and she let out a loud moan. 

 "That was, ughh, really good, but I'm not done yet," she said guiding the tip of his dick into her hungry snatch. He moaned as his cold manhood slipped deep inside her warm hole. While he thrusted, Jake looked into Kylie's hazel eyes and leaned toward her. They locked lips and began passionately kissing each other. While still kissing she rapped her legs around his waist and began sliding her pussy up and down his huge shaft. She felt Jake's huge cock deep inside her, punishing her most sensitive of places. She had never taken that big of a dick and although she tried to hold on she was coming dangerously close to orgasm.

 "Ky-Kylie I'm coming," he screamed.

 "M-Me, me too, c-cum inside me, I need it," she said. 

 Jake didn't want to, the last thing he needed was for her to get pregnant but he wasn't thinking straight. As Kylie came, her warm pussy clenched around his cock and he couldn't take it anymore. She screamed in pleasure as he sent waves of hot spunk deep inside her hungry snatch. Jake walked out of the spring carrying Kylie. Her legs stayed rapped around his waist and Jakes cock was still deep inside her pussy as he collapsed on the floor right next to the spring. They didn't even get up to go to the hut, they just spooned, looking each other straight in the eyes.

 "This is awkward, you know I've never spooned before," she said smiling.

 "I see why, your breath smells horrible," he said. 

 "Hah, shut up asshole," she said giggling.

 The day turned to night and they both grew tired. In just ten minutes they fell asleep right there next to the spring. 

 ********************

 Jake felt a sharp pain in his leg and he quickly woke up. He pulled his cock out of Kylie's warm hole and looked at his leg. To his horror he found a sharp red dart piercing his thigh. He looked to his right and he found that Kylie had the same exact dart in her leg too. He looked at where it came from and found a group of completely naked people, men and women. Most were young and all were mostly naked with long, sharp swords and bows and arrows. He pulled out the dart but he quickly began feeling drowsy. He tried to stay awake but it was no use, and he passed out next to Kylie. 

 Suggestions?