 5.

She gazed absently around the Hall, her chin resting in one hand, elbow on the heavy table linen. The cavernous walls sparkled in the light still, but the space was quite transformed from the empty echoing cavern she had glimpsed on her tour with Ethan when she first arrived in Pantheon. If anything, it was more magnificent.

Laughter and chatter filled the hall with a contented murmur that she found quite soothing, although several days ago when she attended her first meal here, Lux had been almost overwhelmed. She had never seen so many people in one space...

She glanced around her table. 

Lux sat at the far end of the semi-circular expanse. The higher tier table perched on most raised level of the hall, the curved wall rising behind it in an arc. The table had a crescent cut out of the front, to create a smaller semi-circular recess. The privileged higher tier sat round this grand half-circle, surveying the tiers below, and it was immediately obvious that they sat in order of rank.

'So here I am, on the high table...if only at the edge. The newcomer, yet to be fully initiated, status still undecided...' Lux mused, as her eyes tracked round the table. 

On her first evening in the hall, Ethan had sat next to her. Lux got the impression that this was an accepted formality, to accompany the newcomer to the table. He had talked quietly to her throughout the meal, pointing people out, subtly indicating the appropriate cutlery for each course.

Lux had been extremely grateful. Etiquette was never a key feature in her childhood, and the years afterwards were utterly devoid of social graces. She thanked her luck that she was a fast learner. Ethan had informed her after that first meal that he would not be sitting with her from then on. Though second in command to the Prince, he was not a bodyguard -- thus not essential to the company at the table. As such, he sat near the top of the second tier table on the platform below, which also meant he may sit next to Luca.

This was Lux's third meal at high table, and so far, conversation had been limited. On observation, however, she found the body language and behaviour at the table spoke volumes...

She cast her eye discreetly over the man who sat next to her. He was silently clearing his plate, after which, if the past two nights were anything to go by, he would cradle his wine in his hands and stare intently into the middle distance as if in complex thought. He was tall, wiry, with ash blonde hair and steely eyes. They had spoken an entire sentence each to the other over the past two evenings.

At first, as they took their seats the night before, he had acted as though Lux didn't exist. Frankly, she was quite happy with that -- she was quite used to comfortable silence and her own thoughts. As they were standing to leave at the end of the meal, however, he had turned abruptly to her. 

"You are the new girl?" He asked her, although it seemed more a statement than a question.

Lux was startled into response.

"Yes....I'm Lux" She added, suddenly unsure of what the protocol was here with regards to introductions and manners.

He seemed satisfied enough. He had nodded brusquely, swiftly eyeing her intensely, before adding:

"I am Atler, one of the royal guards." With that, he turned and left. A man of few words, clearly.

Still, Lux knew a good fighter when she saw one, and skinny or not, Lux imagined little got past Atler...which explained why he was one of very few men at the table, if only on the edge of it. 

The women at the table, who made up the majority of the company, were all clothed in the tell-tale claret silk of the higher tier. Ethan had mentioned some names, but Lux could not recall them all.

Having met Atler, it was now easy to identify the handful of other men at the table as guards also; all in sleek black jeans and black T-shirts. Several, Lux noted keenly, including Atler, had a compact black gun firmly fixed into a hip holster. 

The guns made Lux apprehensive. Yet more evidence of the wealth of the Panthera tribe....guns were a luxury post-war that few could afford, few of the hunters Lux had encountered had been armed -- usually, in a group, one man alone had a gun. When Lux and Gus had obtained a weapon, it proved useful for a while -- both for defence from future hunters, and ease of hunting deer when food got scarce... but a gun was a useless lump of metal once the ammo ran out.

Lux heard giggling from higher up the table, and felt eyes upon her. She resisted looking; she already knew who was observing her so closely.

The higher circle women were all extraordinarily beautiful, each in their own way. They were mainly blond or light brunette -- Lux suspected the King had a type. 

Ethan had explained that it was the king who had the final say in who was accepted into the circle. When a new woman arrived in the city, or when a city raised girl reached the age of eighteen, they were brought briefly before the King. 

The first purpose of this was that they might show their respects and be welcomed to Pantheon. However the King would also decide initially on looks and demeanour alone, the highest circle for which they were appropriate. Each tier had an individual, elected by the King, responsible for testing the woman's abilities in pleasing a man. If she passed the test, she was initiated into that circle. If not, she was tested for the tier below...and so on.

"So...what if I'm not the King's type...?" Lux had asked him, tilting her head in the direction of the fair-haired harem. 

"I very much doubt you will have a problem.."Ethan laughed, "But you may need to win him over a little with your, erm, feminine charms." He grinned evilly. 

"Technically in the King's absence, the Prince is now in charge of selection. As the circle serves him also, you would have to utterly un-impress both of them to now be moved down. Lucky timing for you!" He winked.

Lux rolled her eyes. "Well, impressing two men that at this rate it seems I shall never meet...doesn't strike me as much of a challenge."

Ethan's mouth tightened a little. 

"If I were you, I would enjoy it while it lasts. Things get a little....less relaxed, when the King returns. He is expected here in the next few days."

Two days had passed since Lux had sat next to Ethan that evening, and she was trying to imagine the atmosphere with the King and Prince occupying the two empty seats at the head of the table. Suddenly, she felt eyes upon her. She already knew the source.

Right now, the privileged ladies of the higher tier were casting furtive curious glances her way. They were not malicious looks, only curious -- with the exception of one.

Sitting to the side of the two empty centre chairs; was one female who radiated 'queen bee'. The other ladies of the circle leaned in to hear what she said when she spoke, and when Lux had glanced casually round the table to take in the company, her gaze had been met by a pair of cold, scornful almond eyes. 

The woman had raised her eyes away from Lux's, and tossed her head in a way that instantly conveyed where she felt Lux stood -- below her. It didn't take a genius, Lux thought; to work out that this must be the infamous Lana.

Lux had never been happier to be outside someone's company. she never had understood girls, even as a child. Lux had been the kind of seven year old to be found mud fighting by a creek with the best of the boys her age and older.

Plates were being cleared, and steadily those seated at high table rose and trickled out of the great hall. 

She waited quietly until the gaggle of women were safely gone, having no particular desire to meet them up close. Then, she slid quietly out of the hall, and meandered via a long route back to her room.

***

She was running through the shrubbery, past calm pools and empty arbours; all shaded and mysterious with only moonlight glinting off waxy leaves.

This was good. This was right...

Lux jumped up and caught an overhanging branch, using her own weight to fling herself up over it and alight again on the ground, still running. She stopped a moment, and closed her eyes.

She inhaled deeply.

Yes. It was a warm night; it was mid summer when she had been captured -- hot, moist nights, and though some days were cooler now, tonight was heady with the smell of honeysuckle, softened by the sound of cicadas. 

Ah, this was what she had needed.

She had returned to her room after dinner that night intending to sleep..but she was so agitated, so restless.

Swinging up onto a low lying branch with practised ease, Lux sat cradled against the tree's trunk. 

The problem, she mused, was that she was not the patient type. So unaccustomed to being indoors, to formality... and the whole point of all her efforts still yet to show up.

Lux sighed. 

She had to play the game. She had to remember the point of it all....

...it was going to take time, she reminded herself. To infiltrate Panthera was an accomplishment she would never have attempted had fate not landed her in the city to start with. To get into the higher circle...luck indeed.

Now to meet the King...and the Prince. She had to gain their approval -- their trust, even, if it were possible.

Patience, that's all.

Of course she was going stir crazy in there... before coming to Pantheon, every night was an endurance test. Alone in the forest.. combat training in case she should stray into the path of a hunter. Night was the best time for her, a time when she could go about under cover of darkness -- swim in the sea.

'The sea! God, I miss it...' Lux thought.

Of course, Pantheon was on an island, surrounded by the sea. Just a few walls to get past...

She didn't really stop to consider whether it was a good idea; she was off, running on adrenaline and instinct.

Lux scaled the first wall with it's security enforced gate. 'should have made them higher, chaps...' She thought. 

Ah, shit.

She wasn't used to climbing in a silk shift dress -- thigh-high revealing slits up the side or no. She landed softly on the other side of the wall, and pulled the offending item over her head. Carefully, she folded it and hung it over a vine concealed by leaves, one of many surrounding the door. She'd have to remember the path back...not a problem. Living in a forest and network of caves for years requires good navigation skills.

Lux was about to turn around when she heard the footfall behind her. Instinct kicked in.

She whirled and ducked simultaneously, avoiding the silhouette of an arm reaching towards her. 

Shifting her weight to her back leg, she kicked out at the shadow man's torso. He cursed, but he didn't fall. The bastard had blocked her.

She aimed a quick upper cut, and a strong hand closed around her fist. Before she knew it, he had swung her around, using her own mass against her, and pinned her to his chest.

He was too good. Her instincts were screaming at her to run at the first opportunity.

She kicked in desperation backward and upwards and was greeted with a satisfying grunt, and the arm loosened enough for her to twist free...

A click.

Lux froze. 

She knew what it was before she turned slowly and saw the moonlight glinting off the barrel.

Lux hissed softly.

"Is there a single one of you bastards who fights fair? Should have guessed..." She muttered bitterly.

The silhouette held out it's other hand in a pacifying gesture, gun still steady. He stepped towards Lux.

Lux flinched, she couldn't stop herself.

The man stopped and cursed quietly.

"Please," he spoke softly and carefully, as though soothing a scared animal, "I'm not going to hurt you. I'm sorry, you surprised me..."

"I'm sorry if I fail to believe that," Lux drawled coldly, "when someone clearly trained in combat creeps up on me and attacks me in the dark." 

There was a surprised pause, then the shadow man laughed.

Lux went from startled to pissed in seconds. She took a deep breath.

"Who the fuck are you, what the fuck do you want, and why the hell are you out here in the dark if then?" She spat in one indignant breath.

The shadown man raised the gun skywards as he stepped back. Clear of the overhanging branches, the moonlight illuminated his features.

Lux suppressed a slight gasp. Damn, he was handsome.

That this was the first thing to enter her mind, and that she was temporarily left speech and thoughtless as a result, made her angrier still when she recovered herself. She flung her hands up and tilted her head sarcastically, in a gesture that clearly said 'Well?! I still don't know who the hell you are...'

The man looked like he was trying hard not to laugh again.

"Let me introduce myself. I'm Felis, and I'm sor-" 

The man began calmly, but Lux's head snapped up and he broke off.

"Felis..?" She whispered aghast, "As in...Prince Felis?" 

Amused as he was, Felis stopped smiling as she began to look acutely uncomfortable. He took a step toward her, carefully.

"Yes..." He said gently, then continued "..but I am truly sorry about the introduction, you really did take me by surprise. This..." He gestured at the gun as he returned it to his holster, "..this was instinctive; I couldn't think how to make you stop . You put up quite a fight." The corner of his mouth twitched.

Lux just stood. For the first time in a very long time, she was completely at a loss as to what to say or do.

"I think, that you must be the new higher circle girl... Though why exactly you are in the Second Tier gardens at midnight, in your..." Felis paused and ran his eyes down Lux's scantily clad form "...underwear, now that I'm afraid you may have to explain for yourself."

Lux blushed. Then cursed herself for blushing. 

Resisting the urge to fold her arms across her chest and cover a little skin up, she defiantly placed her hands on her hips, trying to forget she was wearing only minimal claret lace. 

" I-" She began...then she realised she really didn't have an explanation. She faltered.

Remembering her shift was concealed only a few feet away. She reached out and retrieved it, pulling it swiftly over her head.

When she turned around again, Felis was still observing her, although his face had hardened a little.

Lux realised that it probably looked like she had been trying to run away -- although anyone in their right mind would realise there was nowhere to run to. Before she could say anything, the Prince stepped up to the wall and swiped his finger over the gate sensor.

He stepped back and indicated that she should go ahead as the gate swished aside.

For a moment, Lux wasn't sure he intended to come through with her. She felt like a child being sent to her room...but she heard him step through behind her.

Felis strode ahead and she fell behind him. She supposed he was taking her back to the quarters. Lux tried to pull herself together.

"Your highness..." Lux called out, though the words felt strange and foreign. Felis Paused.

"I...I'm sorry. I didn't realise..." This was ridiculous.

Felis turned and looked down at her expectantly. Feeling even more childish, Lux sighed, the shrugged and looked up at him.

"I wanted to see the sea", She said simply, her face hardened in defense.

Felis blinked.

Lux decided she might as well continue.

"I've been to the dinners, in the hall. I've spent evenings in my room. It's just been a little overwhelming. I just needed some air, to see something familiar...." Lux tailed off. She was studying a hibiscus flower rather hard. She was probably talking far too much. 

Warm fingers brushed her arm lightly, causing her to look up. 

"Well now, I can't argue with that." She thought he smiled, though he was back in shadow again.

To her own surprise, she felt herself smile a little in return.

*** 

Lux lay in her bed, staring at her own reflection in the ceiling mirror. Black hair spread in a fan across an expanse of white linen. Hard green eyes.

She was thinking.

Maybe, just maybe, this would be easier than she had earlier thought. 

He was not what she had expected. 

She smiled secretly to herself, and herself smiled secretly back.