 She awoke suddenly, confusion following pure, unadulterated rage. She tried to move and found her wrists and ankles bound to a large table with chains and manacles, which promptly sent a wave of panic through her. She looked side to side and found herself within a darkened room, with a solitary brazier hanging over her, the flames cascading a soft light about. The light weak enough, she felt her infravision roll over and she found two body signatures across from her; one male and one female. She tried to remember what had happened and then it came to her.

The raiding party...

The tower in the cliff face...

The assault and miscalculation...

She hissed in desperation but no sound came out, further confusing her and she realized; magic. Her eyes narrowed and focused on the two in the darkness. She tried to scream and still with rising frustration, she found her voice taken, along with her clothes as well. A spell of Silence possibly and an attempt shame her by the removal of her garments.

They whispered in the darkness watching her as she struggled and Jhanthrae Do'ndar, Drow second daughter of House Do'ndar of Menzoberranzan frustration further swelled as she heard the tittering laughter of the female.

The taller female slinked forward and climbed onto the table slowly, her body moving over Jhanthrae's like a stretching cat. Dressed only in a sheer cloth wrap, barely covering her nether region and a small top composed of many gold and platinum coins, delicately strung together on a soft chain, forming a short chemise top. She bore a green tattoo on her left from under her eye to her cheek, resembling a falling star, the head of which seemed to burst as it approached her mouth. Her golden hair cascaded down over her shoulders, running across Jhanthrae's body as she moved up, her face meeting the Drows. She was a little taller than Jhanthrae, her body more voluptuous, her face not as finely structured but pretty enough to catch most mens eyes; it also held a hardness to it, uncharacteristic for what Jhanthrae now realized was a half-elf surface dweller.

The girl looked down and met the Drow's eyes and she smirked, "This one is very different Vechron..." The girls eyes darted down her ebony body as her hand ran gently from Jhanthrae's cheek to her neck and down over her left nipple, slipping softly to her taunt onyx toned stomach and coming to a stop over the sparse, hair between her long legs. "This one could be fun," the half-elf mused, leaning her face down near Jhanthrae and running her tongue over her own pink lips in expectation. Jhanthrae's mouth curled into a snarl as she lay splayed open and nude before the presumptuous woman.

Give me my free hands for but a minute, the Drow elf though, her anger all consuming, I would show you fun surface dweller...

"Your forces are all dead priestess of Lolth," the male said from the shadows, sounding bored, "They feed my minions in the basement. We could still hear them scream if you wish. I advise next time you choose to attack the home of a wielder of my powers you bring something larger than a patrol...".

The female above the drow settled back onto Jhanthrae gently resting her sex against her own, her hands sliding back to trace along Jhanthrae's taunt stomach and resting her fingertips on her pubis bone. She looked down at Jhanthrae and smiled, rocking gently.

"I want the information Amilyn," the shadow said, bored again and Jhanthrae prepared to steel herself; she wouldn't give these disgusting above world animals any information. Amilyn lifted her hands, still rocking gently and reached for the ebony drow's face. Jhanthrae snapped forward suddenly, trying to bite Amilyn's hand but found the human a lot faster than she thought. The pale female snatched her hand back and came forward with the other, grabbing a handful of Jhanthrae's black hair and slamming her head back against the tabletop, while the other suddenly slapped the Drows face hard enough to turn her head to the side. There she was held hard as Amilyn breathed heavily, leaning into the lith drow's frame, clearly excited by what was to come.

She felt a pressure on her neck suddenly and heard a light click and suddenly Amilyn was leaning back again, rocking gently, enjoying the pressure and feeling the energy pass between the two of them as their very private places melded. Jhanthrae realized a collar was around her neck and she'd been connected to the table by it; the chain was no doubt the mystical metal mithral and by the tingle she felt in it, probably enchanted. Jhanthrae's violet eyes burned holes in the blue eyed female above her.

"Now Amilyn," the shadow asked again, sounding perturbed but a little less bored.

She looked over her shoulder and gave a quick nod; turning back, she leaned down into Jhanthrae's ear and whispered, "I will know everything about you. I shall open your mind...," she said softly, her breath hot in her ear. She felt Amilyn move down, her body melding against Jhanthrae's, her voluptuous breasts slipping from beneath the small chain top to rub against her own naked breasts. A hand slid up to Jhanthrae's throat, the fingers tracing the taunt muscle in her neck and further on to the side of her head, clasping tight, while the other hand slid down to gently rest upon Jhanthrae's slit. "Perhaps I open something else, to loosen your tongue," she said, her voice shakey; she wanted this clearly. 

That was no surprise and Jhanthrae knew this; she was stunning to look at. She carried a beauty and grace that few of those in Menzobarrenzan could match. Her company was often sought, sometimes even by her own brothers and she was able to pick and choose from just about any house in the underworld kingdom. She took some mild pride in her captors innate weakness for her and wondered how she could use it.

The females finger parted her delicately and slid in gently; the two of them shuddering in unison. The tattooed female uttered words of an arcane nature and traced a series of complicated movements along the side of Jhanthrae's face and suddenly leaned forward, her mouth meeting hers. The drow was taken aback and before she could twist away, her mouth was invaded by the females tongue, swirling and darting hungrily. Jhanthrae felt an unnatural and sudden twinge in her loins and a light-headedness swept over her for a moment and her tongue joined the dance as Amilyn slid another finger into her, increasing the sensation.

"Really Amilyn...," murmured Venchron as he moved from the shadows to the table, resting a hand on the blond's undulating rear, gently cupping it, "... is this necessary?"

Jhanthrae looked past Amilyn to the man as he entered the light. He was maybe six feet in height but from her position, he appeared massive and clearly bearing some elf blood. He wore a simple white linen shirt, his brown hair long and to the shoulder, his ears barely jutting past the wavy lengths. Tanned, with a thin and regal posture, his blue eyes met hers and they sparkled as he watched the two females in unison. Similar to the female, this man bore tattoos as well and in fact, many along his arms and under his shirt, clearly in an ancient and arcane script. Jhanthrae realized they were spells; He was a living spellbook.

Amilyn broke the kiss for a minute, her mouth sliding down to the Drow's neck, kissing it every so slightly, her hands again tracing additional symbols onto her ebony skin and murmuring words. Jhanthrae felt her skin burn where she'd traced those symbols but not in pain... only in need. Amilyn arched her back and pressed her sex against Jhanthrae, whispering as her hand continued to work between the two of them, "My lord, my powers move beyond that of mere magic. While my cantrip's prepare and weaken her will, my mind sets to the task of slowly working the information from her. This is no mere farmer or mercenary I work against, but a Drow...". Jhanthrae heard her words but the increasing command of her body was making her cast away the meaning, the need for order and command and she felt herself tumbling into pure lust.

Amilyn sat up again, her hand still working on the young Drow priestess while the other hand led back to Venchron and grasped his shirt, tugging him to her; she kissed him deeply as his hand slid to the front of her, running up under her chemise and down again to loosen the sheer material knotted at her waist. She looked back to her prisoner and with a smirk spoke quietly, "Your name priestess?"

An orgasm rolled over Jhanthrae suddenly and she kicked against the chains, the wave of pleasure slamming into her body like a pounding surf. She managed a guttural moan as the pleasure passed and she collapsed back, her chains going slack and her eyes rolling down again to view her captors. Suddenly, she felt the tracing fingers again and felt the rise once more in her body and realized their game. "I can do this all night to you priestess," Amilyn said gently, Vechron watching and his hands roaming as the young Drow started to quiver again, "All I ask is your name."

She resisted, her eyes rolling up into her eyesocket's as she felt the rush again, this time stronger; she knew this was magic at work and was livid. She was a priestess of Lolth and of the Drow... now being treated like little more than a common concubine to a mage. The final thought and shame put her over the edge and she screamed, the intensity of the orgasm more than the last time. Tears streamed down her face and she groaned deeply, her chains rattling against the table.

And then she felt it; a burrowing in her brain. Not physical but mental. Her will and defenses broken at the moment of ecstasy, she was somehow taking the information from her.

She looked up and found Amilyn's eyes white, her fingers of her free hand locked against Jhanthrae's forehead and she was...

...digging. 

Vechron moved behind the blue eyed woman and wrapped his arms around her gently, watching the Drow over her shoulder with a cruel smile. He provided support for her and she came out of her psionic assault with a sigh and leaned back.

"Her name is Jhanthrae Do'ndar of Menzoberranzan. She is twenty summers. Cruel, lonely, jealous and willful. She wants me dead and she isn't sure about you... she thinks to either put us against each other or maybe use you...," Amilyn said as Venchron gently lifted the chain and coin chemise over the woman's head; she let it go thoughtlessly. He placed it on the table and reached up, cupping Amilyn's breasts equally and rested his chin gently on the blond's shoulder, eyeing the Drow with amusement. Amilyn shifted her hand from Jhanthrae to herself, her eyes still locked on the Drow as she worked herself slowly.

"He might like her," Venchron said, his chin lifting as his mouth delivered a kiss to Amilyn's neck; the female purred.

Amilyn chuckled, "Me thinks she might not manage him," she said, a husky tone in her voice, his fingers now working gently on her nipples, his kisses continuing. Amilyn looked down at the Drow's ebony skin and ran her other hand up and around Venchron's head, trapping it against her neck and she murmured, "Perhaps we try her out and see about her abilities?"

Jhanthrae tried to scream, her chains rattling; she would not be a toy for these two. She would resist and she would kill them for their impudence. Vechron ran his hand down her body again and then turned, letting her go, "I want her washed and prepared for tonight. She will join us." 

Amilyn must have picked up on Jhanthrae's thoughts, as her hands slipped free and ran lewdly over the Drow's body.

"You will be ours until we reach the Isles Drow bitch," she said, further confusing the Drow priestess, "And you will never see your twilight kingdom again if you do not learn a little...,". Amilyn pulled back suddenly and slapped the Drow as hard as she could across the face; the dark elf stopped moving, stunned.

"...respect," murmured Amilyn huskily...