 (Fair Warning ~ This gender swapped, action/adventure, sci-fi hentai litRPG features elements of non-consensual sex, sex with aliens, monsters and other non-humans, tentacle stuff, seduction, coercion, dominance and submission, male/female sex -well kinda, maybe however you want to classify the gender-swapped sex...on top of the violence, fantasy elements, and plot stuff... Or it may not...every chapter's a little different. If you're still in...please enjoy, and thanks for reading! ~Karin Mac)

Stage 1-1

Shapes and colors began to show through the white void of the portal. As things solidified around me, I found myself standing on a platform overlooking a jungle planet. Behind me was a wrecked space ship, still smoldering. It was hot and humid, just like you would expect a jungle planet to be. All around, I could hear wild animals screeching and howling. In the distance was a giant satellite dish that had all the earmarks of BOSS STAGE. 

All in all, it was pretty cool looking, if somewhat standard fare for such a, supposedly, "fucking unbelievable" game. Too bad I wouldn't be staying. I had completed the tutorial and now I was going to log out, go home and tear my so-called buddy a new one for getting into this sex crazed HVRG, which I had to play through far too much of in a female avatar...although come to think of it, I probably wasn't going to mention that last part.

I opened my HUD and went to hit the logout command...but there was nothing there! What the actual fuck?

I closed my HUD, then pulled it up again. Still nothing. I must have repeated that cycle thirty-seven times before I accepted that the command prompt just wasn't going to appear. 

"HOW THE HELL DO YOU LOG OUT OF THIS STUPID GAME!?" I shouted up to the heavens.

As if in answer, huge flashing words appeared in the sky that read: STAGE ONE: JUNGLES OF CIRKON...then...BEGIN!!

"No!" I shouted back, trying to ignore the high register of my feminine voice. "No! I will not begin!" A sudden rush of emotion swept through me; anger, frustration, confusion, fear. It hit me all at once, and I felt tears welling up. "Let me out of this stupid game!" I wailed, starting to cry. "Shit, knock that off!" I admonished myself, wiping my cheeks. "I'm not a crier!" The harder I fought it, the more it came, until I was practically bawling. 

I really wasn't a crier normally. I wouldn't call myself a tough guy, but I had a pretty tight rein on my emotions. Apparently, that was gone in this body. Any quality VRG had simulated bio-feedback and psyc-parameters to ensure an authentic experience. That meant it wasn't just me steering a digital doll around, my brain was receiving a flood of hormones and emotions calibrated for the female body I was in. It was unfamiliar and overwhelming...but come on, really? Wasn't I supposed to be a tough intergalactic bounty hunter? I suppose you could make the argument that "Lex" would have had her whole life as a woman to learn how to deal with her emotions. This was all brand new to my male psyche.

My little pity party was swiftly interrupted by the sound of static in my ear once more, followed by the familiar gravelly voice of Lt. Cdr. Dreg:  "Godamit Lex, are you there? Come in, Lex?"

"My name's not Lex," I whined.

"Damn it's good to hear your voice! Should've known one little planetary defense system wasn't enough to kill you!" I glanced back at the wreckage behind me, guess I'd been shot down?  "But that means the enemy knows your there, so you're going to have to be doubly careful! And you don't have much time! Our intelligence says that Gnash One-eye, high chieftain of the Space ORKS of planet CIRKON, and right hand to Captain Korvas, has already recovered one of the components and is holding it in his fortress there! You've got to recover that component before Captain Korvas arrives! Good luck, Lex!"

Dreg's voice faded out, and I was once again left alone with the sounds of the jungle. I sniffled out a last few tears, and then wiped my face regaining some composure. I actually felt a little better overall. Maybe there was something to that "good cry" my girl friends had always talked about.

I searched that little platform thoroughly, hoping I'd find some kind of EXIT or MENU access point but of course there was nothing. I did find a spare MED KIT that I was able to store in my inventory, and two more BLAST PACKs pumping up the charges for my PLASMA PISTOL (CHG 16).

Finally, I turned back towards the distant fortress, surveying the jungle in between. I glanced down at myself. It was still a completely surreal feeling, looking down at a big pair of breasts, curvy hips and the long slender legs of a sexy woman and realizing that was MY body. 

Although at the moment, I was also appraising the outfit I was wearing; a purple half jacket over a blue tube top which barely contained those big breasts, purple booty shorts clinging to those curvy hips and those legs disappearing into a high heeled, knee high boots. Hardly an appropriate combo for a jungle safari. 

Feeling those breasts bob as I heaved a sigh, I decided I had no choice. I'd go crazy sitting here waiting for the VMS to kick me out, could be hours yet too, since I'd eaten just before logging in. So I'd play the game. Who knows, maybe I'd find an upgrade or a stage or something that would clear the bug and reboot my logout command. Or MAYBE I'd find Tommy and kill him in the game, so he can go log me out and then I could kill him IRL!

Smiling at that thought, I climbed down off the starting platform and struck out into the Jungles of Cirkon.

"I guess my name IS Lex...for now," I murmured to myself.

I pushed through the underbrush for a ways, feeling every branch and leaf brushing against my bare skin, of which my outfit left copious amounts. However, I was pleasantly surprised at how good my high heeled boots seemed to be for hiking. Apparently, some of the realism of the game had been dialed back in service of style. 

Eventually, I pushed out into a small clearing where two ZAUKNOIDS jumped out! 

"Nice tits!" one of them growled.

"Oh Great," I sighed. "You guys talk now?"

I quickly pulled my PLASMA PISTOL and popped them both (CHG 14). Then I heard rustling in the brush behind me, so I dashed forward. Another ZAUK appeared in front of me, at first I leveled my gun at him, but then noticed a platform hanging above him. I leapt for it, finding a surprisingly powerful spring in my jump and easily reached the ledge. 

Below me, I heard the frustrated snarl of the ZAUK. "Hey! Get those tits back here!"

My heels clicked against the metal of the platform as I crossed it. There were two more platforms on the far side, another hanging and one embedded in the tree. I jumped to the embedded platform.

"Great view, sweet cheeks!" I heard the ZAUK below me.

I bet he did have a great view, these booty shorts didn't even cover my whole butt. Trying to ignore him, I hurried across the platform. Suddenly another of the little bastards swung down from one of the branches above me. I didn't see him in time, and he kicked me in the face with both feet knocking me back on my big round ass! (HP: 47)

"Nice tits!" he grumbled starting forward...great, that wouldn't get annoying.

I scrambled to my feet and kicked him, doing no damage but knocking him back a step. I blasted him with my PLASMA PISTOL and he burst into a shower of pixels (CHG 13). I leapt over to the next platform, careful to watch the branches for ambush this time. Which meant I missed the ZAUK hanging from the side of the dais. As soon as I landed he popped up onto the platform and slugged me in the stomach! (HP: 45)

Groaning in pain, I stumbled back and felt my heels slip over the edge. I struggled to regain my balance, I had a high agility score after all. As I teetered the ZAUK walked right up to me.

"Nice tits!" he said, and punched me again! (HP: 43)

I squealed in pain and fell off the platform, landing hard on the overgrown ground. (HP: 42) Taking two hits in a row left me STUNNED, and right at the feet of that first ZAUK. I felt his hands on my shoulders even as a yellow ring of stars began to swirl around my head. He yanked me against his chest and grabbed my breasts!

"No! Get off!" I cried.

I thrashed trying to escape, but I was powerless in his grip! His big green hands closed around my plump melons and began to squeeze them. Instantly, I felt a tingly rush in my chest. I could do nothing but squirm as he continued to molest me, mashing my tits in his grubby paws. (HP: 36, SP: 8) Finally, he let go and I stumbled backwards, hearing him make a guttural sort of laugh. 

"Laugh at this, you little perv!" I snarled, aiming my PLASMA PISTOL.

Before I could fire, my arms were pinned down to my sides as two more green arms encircled me! Immediately the attached hands were groping my boobs, sending another rush of tingles through my chest. I gasped, withering in those clutches, feeling my nipples harden as my boobs were mauled once more. (HP: 30, SP: 16)

When he let me go, I was breathing heavy and realizing I was surrounded, and close quarters combat was my main weakness! The first ZAUK was beginning to advance again. I had a split second to act, so I turned and blasted the ZAUK who had just molested me. I ran straight threw the little shower pixels left behind, knowing I needed to create some space. 

Before I could get far enough, the ZAUK who'd knocked me off the platform swung down off the edge and kicked me in the face again! (HP: 27) I cried out again falling back on my ass, watching the MOB drop to the ground in front of me.

"Nice tits!" he said.

I immediately lifted my gun, only to have it slapped out of my hand by the ZAUK behind me. Then he grabbed me again.

"No!" I cried out.

This time he pinned me down on the ground, holding both wrists with one hand. I squirmed desperately, but my strength rating was too low to be effective. His free hand reached for my chest, but this time he grabbed the hem of my tube top and ripped it right off! I squealed in protest as my big round breasts sprang free.

"Nice tits!" - "Nice tits!" The ZAUKNOIDS said, not quite in unison.

As the other approached, I felt his hands on my squirming hips. His fingers wormed their way into the waistband of my skin-tight shorts and yanked them down. 

"Stop it!" I whined, shocked by this double team tactic. 

I had never felt so helpless. Lacking the strength to fight back and having my clothes ripped off was utterly humiliating! Adding to that were the sensations of my now female body; Feeling my boobs jiggle and bounce, the humid air on my naked pussy, and the rough hands beginning to crawl over my soft skin, filled me with a sense of vulnerability like I'd never experienced before.

The ZAUK's went to work at the same time. They each grabbed one of my breasts, squeezing so tightly I couldn't help but gasp. There was another hand groping between my legs, his long rough fingers kneading my hairless labia. Unwanted arousal spread through my hips and torso quickly, making me moan and whimper as the ZAUK's had their out-and-out way with me. (HP: 19, SP: 26)

I bucked and thrashed, trying to get free, even though I knew it was pointless. I felt the hand between my legs reach a little deeper, two fingers spread my pussy lips while another penetrated me! I cried out, more of a lusty moan really, feeling the pressure inside as a wave of heat rolled through my curvy hips. My long legs kicked and squirmed feebly as he finger-banged me. I couldn't do anything but squirm and whimper, feeling the hard thrust between my legs, over and over, until my entire body was quivering with arousal. I watched helplessly as my Stim counter jumped up (SP: 30).

Finally, I felt that finger pull out of my vagina and they released me. I pushed up on all fours, gasping for breath and feeling weak and shaky. I looked down at my heaving breasts, hanging between my skinny arms, and noticed my booty shorts bunched around my knees. This was so humiliating! 

I pushed that aside, knowing I had to get up and fight back before the ZAUK's began another attack cycle. I knew if they got my HP low enough, or my Stim Points high enough they could take me PRISONER... "for breeding"... I didn't know what that meant, and I did not want to find out! But what could I do? They had me cornered, and I was basically useless in close quarters combat. I forced myself to stand, feeling helpless and scared...and so turned on...I was totally screwed.

Suddenly I heard a new voice, a male voice, shout from the trees above us. "Get away from her, you little green pervs!"

All three of us looked up to see another human character dropping from the branches above. He was wearing a bright red trench coat, and holding some kind of glowing weapon. I squeaked in surprise and fell back onto the padding of my naked butt, as he landed right front of me. He immediately slashed the nearest ZAUK with his weapon, which I could now tell was an energy sword. The MOB screamed and popped. Then my rescuer whirled back towards the second, whipping out his free hand and throwing three small glittery blades at once. Two of them hit the ZAUK and he burst. 

"You okay?" he asked turning to me and extending a hand.

Getting a better look now, I could see his face. He had sharp, handsome features, and was wearing a pair of sunglasses, or maybe it was some type of visor. His hair was glossy black, short and slicked straight back from his face. His crimson duster was draped over a tall, muscular frame. Underneath he was wearing a black vest, and dingy, red and black camo fatigues.

I felt a weird sort of flutter in my chest, and my cheeks got suddenly warm. Oh geez, was I attracted to him? I had NEVER been attracted to a guy before...this was so awkward. I'm sure it didn't help my Stim bar was more than half full too, my female body was still brimming with lust.

I took his hand, glancing at the character ID over his head: CLAY - ISN AGENT (lvl 10).

"You...y-you're a player," I said as he helped me up.

"Yup," he replied. "Just like y-"

"How the hell do you log out of this damn game?" I cut him off.

He gave me a little half smirk, and I saw his shoulders slump. "You too, huh?"

"Me too," I felt a sinking feeling in my stomach. "That means..."

"Yup," he said. "So far I haven't met any players with a working logout command."

"You've met other players? Where are they?"

"Slow down," he said. "I think we're the only ones on this level right now."

"Oh," I sighed, noticing his eyes scanning over me...and realizing I was still mostly naked! "Oh my gosh!" I squeaked wrapping one arm around my tits, and covering my mound with the other hand. "Erm...could you turn around for a second?"

"Really?" Clay laughed. "I just saved that sexy ass, now I can't even look at it?"

I blushed so hard it felt like my cheeks were on fire. "P-please? Just for a second?"

"Fine," he said turning. "I'm just joshin' ya anyway!"

Glancing around, I found the tattered remnants of my tube top and picked it up. Then I pulled up my HUD and used the MED KIT in my inventory. (HP: 50) Just as I suspected the tube top also mended and I quickly tucked my boobs back into it. Then I pulled up the booty shorts, adjusting them back into place on my pert, round bottom.

"Okay," I said. "Thank you."

When he turned back to look at me, I felt a little shiver crawl up my spine and felt suddenly nervous. I checked and saw that the MED KIT hadn't affected my Stim points, I was still sitting at 30.

"Look we should get off this path," he said. "We're on the main game course here, and those little green bastards are going to respawn any moment."

Before I could reply he grabbed me by the wrist and dragged me deeper into the jungle. He moved quick, and I was just able to keep up, even with a bit of wobble still in my legs. However, it wasn't long before I maxed my STAMINA and had to stop.

"Wait, wait!" I was gasping for breath, cursing the little red STA icon flashing before my eyes.

Clay skid to a halt and walked calmly back to me. "Maxed your stamina?"

"Yeah..."

"Probably cuz your Stim points are too high," he said. "Anything over halfway and you start to get negative stat effects."

"Great," I grumbled, leaning against a tree. "So do you have any idea what's going on? Why are we still stuck in this game?"

Clay crossed his arms and looked around cautiously. "I'm not really sure. No one seems to be. Most people assume it's just a bug no one's caught yet."

"But what about the VMS?" I asked. "Surely by now someone's vitals have dropped low enough to get a forced logout...I mean how long have you been playing?"

Clay looked at me expressionless. "Two...maybe, three weeks, it's kind of tough to keep exact track in here."

My jaw dropped. "Weeks? No way...the VMS..."

"You got in one of those pods to log in right?" Clay cut in, I nodded. "Those aren't just some fancy beds, they're some kind of suspended animation chamber!"

I almost could not comprehend that. Suspended animation? Really? Sure, some people never wanted to leave a game, but that seemed excessive.

"That sounds like science fiction," I said. "How do you even know, the operator told me it was just a luxury experience."

"Yeah, the luxury of never having to logout!" Clay said. "When you get to the stage select hub, you can access a read out of your IRL bios...I think last time I was there my heart was pumping at like 1 beat per minute or something."

"This is isane!" I gasped. "How could this be happening, what about The Grid? Surely they want us logged out daily just to repay admission?"

"The Grid? What's that?"

I cocked my head. "The VRcade where the game's at?"

"Mine's called Digital Underground," Clay said. "Where are you from."

"Middle states," I replied.

"East coast," Clay pointed to himself and laughed. "I hadn't even considered before that there might be multiple log-in points. Fuck..."

"Bug my ass!" I spat. "What the hell is going on here?"

"Lemme ask you this," he said. "How'd you hear about this game?"

"Email from a friend," I replied. "Said it was-"

"Fucking unbelievable?"

I took a breath. "Exactly. You?"

"Yeah, same thing."

I could feel my chest tightening, and an ice-cold pit formed in my stomach. A swell of emotion flooded my head and I could feel tears well up once more. Dammit, I did not want to cry in front of this guy! I took another deep breath, trying to calm my nerves.

"This is getting scary," I said, a bit more whimpery than intended.

"Look we're not far from my camp," he said, taking my hands in his. Was he treating me like a frightened little girl, how embarrassing! "We need to get there before we get hit with a random encounter." The warmth of his hands sent a little charge racing up my arms, and I felt my nipples getting hard again (SP: 31). "Your stamina should be recovered by now."

"Yes," I swallowed and pulled my hands away, wrapping my arms around my chest before he noticed the hard little nubs sticking up under my tube top. 

"Great, this way!" He dashed off through the jungle once more.

I was somewhat surprised to find Clay had a pretty legit camp site set up. There were three empty LOOT BOXES set around a fire pit. A makeshift bench, with some of his gear scattered across it. And a big green tent with a bed roll.

"This is impressive," I said as we arrived. I was breathing heavily, my STA icon pulsing yellow.

As I stepped into the encampment the words: SAFE ZONE REACHED flashed before my eyes.

"Thanks, but I can't take credit," Clay chuckled. "It's a built in SAFE ZONE I found."

"I guess I just still don't know much about this game," I admitted.
