 (Fair Warning ~ This gender swapped, action/adventure, sci-fi hentai litRPG features elements of non-consensual sex, sex with aliens, monsters and other non-humans, tentacle stuff, seduction, coercion, dominance and submission, male/female sex -well kinda, maybe however you want to classify the gender-swapped sex...on top of the violence, fantasy elements, and plot stuff... Or it may not...every chapter's a little different. If you're still in...please enjoy, and thanks for reading! ~Karin Mac)

*****

Stage 1-2: Not So Safe Zone

YOU ARE NOW CLAY'S PRISONER!! Flashed before my eyes as he clamped two metallic manacles around my slender wrists.

As I stared down at my new jewelry, a glowing strand of energy appeared between them. As I struggled to comprehend what was happening, a skimpy red bikini appeared on my body. The color just happened to match Clay's trench coat perfectly. I stared at my wrists a moment longer, then tested them. Sure enough, I couldn't move any more than the energy beam allowed. 

I looked up to see Clay regarding me with a supremely smug expression, he shrugged. "Sorry babe, what else can I tell ya, it's just that kind of game!"

I scrambled to my feet, and looked down at myself in disbelief. My big round breasts were now spilling out the sides of two scant strips of crimson fabric, which were being held in place by delicate gold chains. My new bottoms, although not quite a thong, left most of my ample backside on full display. They too consisted of crimson fabric, connected by glittering chains that looped around my hips, riding so low I swear it wasn't even covering my entire mound. I also realized my vibrant green hair had been put up and pulled to one side. I felt more like a slave girl than a PRISONER...and I wasn't even supposed to be any kind of girl! What the hell was happening to me?

"You bastard!" I snarled. "What did you do to me?" At that moment I was too mad to care how shrill my voice was becoming.

"I fucked your brains out and took you prisoner," he responded matter-of-factly.

"And what the fuck does that mean?" I fumed.

He sighed. "You really are clueless."

"I just started the game asshole!" I spat. "And I've been a little more preoccupied with trying to get out of it than figuring out all the fuck you mechanics of this goddam game! Now what the hell?"

"Fine. Calm down and I'll tell you."

I crossed my arms and glared at him, barely able to refrain from stamping my feet.

"Obviously this is a Player Vs. Player game in addition to the main Space Pirate mission," he began. "We can fight each other, we can do damage, we can even kill each other...OR we can fuck, and if another player maxes your Stim first, then they have the option to take you PRISONER."

"And what the fuck does being a PRISONER mean?" Now I did stamp one bare foot. My feminine voice seemed to be raising in pitch, sounding stranger and stranger in my throat, but I didn't care at that point.

"It means you can't attack me or do any damage to me," he explained. "You're confined within a certain distance of me, you can only fight or use weapons when I let you, oh and you get a brand new sexy fucking wardrobe, color coded to your CAPTOR...in this case me."

"Fine, how long does this last?" I snapped cutting him off.

He grinned. "There's only a few ways to escape being another player's PRISONER. Either they release you. Or if you can max out their Stim points it'll break the status."

"So I'd have to fuck you again?" I sneered. I hated the idea of fucking this creep again, especially now, but I needed to break the status ASAP! "Fine, it wasn't fair before anyway, I was already half maxed, let's go again!"

"Oh, I'm afraid it's not that simple," he was trying not to laugh, I could tell. "See as long as you're a player's PRISONER, that player affects your Stim at double points." He shrugged and began putting his clothes back on.

Fuck! If he doubles my Stim points now how would I ever be able to max him out before he maxed me? What an unfair game mechanic! Still fuming, I fussed with the manacles, looking for some way to disconnect them. Of course, there was none so I flopped down on the bedroll and pouted, while Clay finished getting dressed.

I felt so stupid. What was I doing? Never mind the fact I'd just let myself be seduced by another man, but it hadn't even occurred to me he could have ulterior motives. Now here I sat, not just in a girl's body, not just in a skimpy red bikini, but stuck with a STATUS that essentially left me completely helpless.

"You know, you're trapped in this game too!" I pointed out. "Don't you have better things to do than duping new players and taking them PRISONER?"

"Look, there're a lot of much smarter people than me hard at work on shutting this game down already, real gamers, hardcore hackers, hell you name it, all running around like chickens with their heads cut off," Clay was pulling on his red duster and glancing towards the horizon. "Why would I even waste the effort? Not when I could be camped out, adventuring through a tropical jungle...and now with a sexy PRISONER to keep me company?"

"We'll see about that you sonovabitch!"

"Oh come on look at that sunset," he pointed out past the edge of the campsite. 

I didn't want to give him the satisfaction, but something in me couldn't resist looking. Ribbons of orange, purple and turquoise shredded the skyline, it was a beautiful sunset. Rather, it was some designer's idea of a beautiful sunset. As the sun went down, a crackling fire automatically sprang up in the fire pit of this so-called SAFE ZONE.

"Look, to be perfectly honest with you," Clay came and squatted next to me. "I think we both know we aren't getting out of here until the people who put us here let us out."

I looked at him, chewing my bottom lip. Of course, I'd been thinking something similar. "It is a little weird that the VRcades don't pull us out at least to repay."

"Totally fuckin' weird," Clay asserted. "Someone wants to keep us in! Suspended animation pods, everyone getting suckered in by the same damn email and then the game just happens to have a buggy logout system? No, this is something else and I want no part of it. I'm just going to try and enjoy my time here." He straightened and went to sit by the fire to finish watching the sunset.

I stayed on the bedroll, long legs crossed with my manacled wrists dropped dejectedly between them. Clay was a total fucking asshole but he had a point. Several actually, and all things I had considered but wasn't ready to really think about, since it seemed as long as I was stuck in this game I would be stuck in this female body.

It was a hell of a body though. As I looked down at my boobs straining the skimpy top, and felt the unfamiliar fullness of my new ass beneath me, even I had to admit that. I just wasn't sure I could ever get used to it, I'd been a guy too long. I was still a little unsettled by how quickly I'd given in to letting another man fuck me, no matter how good it felt at the time. 

Shit...now that I was CLAY'S PRISONER, was I just going to be his little sex toy? OR...was this body my ticket out? How many guys had I seen taken off their game by a set of tits and ass not half as nice as mine? I almost grinned as an idea came to mind.  

I stood up and took a deep breath, then crossed to where Clay was leaning against one of the empty LOOT BOXES. I walked right through his line of sight, practically feeling his eyes snap from the violet and amber streaked horizon to the peach-like curves of my ass. I sat on the box next to him, suppressing a smile and making sure my thigh brushed his shoulder. He very unsubtly checked out every inch of my mile-long stems before returning his gaze to the last moments of sundown.

"So, who do you think is doing this?" I asked meekly. Hearing that soft, feminine voice coming from my throat was another thing I just couldn't get used to.

Clay glanced at me, no doubt appraising my intent. "Fuck, who knows, the CIA, the NSA, the Japanese government, Elon Musk...Sony..." We both chuckled. "Could be anyone for any reason these days."

"That's pretty cynical," I said.

"I'm not complaining," he said, turning towards me. "I just know exactly what size fish I am, and how big the pond is." It was getting dark by then and the campsite was now fully bathed in the orange glow of the fire. "I ain't trying to save the world, I just wanna live in it...and right now this VR world seems as good as any." He put his hand on my thigh, and its warmth made me flinch (SP: 2).

Reflections of the fire danced in his eyes, and I had to consciously resist falling into his gaze again. Just his touch had jumped my Stim points, was I in over my head? 

"I hate to admit this," I said, slipping down to his lap, straddling his legs. "You might have a point."

"I might?"

"Mm Hm..." I purred, looping my manacled wrists behind his head and subtly thrusting my breasts forward, right in his face. 

Clay's eyes devoured me, taking in my ample bust. His hands found their way to the curves of my hips, making me realize just how little covering the chains of my bikini bottoms provided. The feel of his palms on my bare skin made me squirm just a little (SP: 4). His grip tightened, and he pulled me forward until his chin was almost in my cleavage.

"Guess you're over that whole taking-you-PRISONER thing?" he asked, sliding his hands around to squeeze my butt.

The feel of his palms on my mostly-bare ass cheeks, and the firmness of his grip sent a shiver crawling up my spine (SP: 8). I moaned softly, unable to hold it back and realizing I needed to get control of the situation quickly.

"What's that you told me?" I moved my lips within kissing distance but held back, just. "We have to make the best of things?" I rolled my hips against his pelvis, and clearly felt the bulge of an erection through his pants...felt it grind into my pussy through the flimsy red fabric of my bikini bottoms (SP: 16). I let out another soft moan, just as his lips captured mine.

Clay kissed me hungrily, his hot wide tongue squirming insistently into my mouth (SP: 22). Fuck, he wasn't kidding about the double Stim thing! Struggling to break the kiss, I tried to very subtly to check his counter: CLAY SP: 8. Fuck.

I leaned forward, kissing him again and quickly unbuckled the front of his pants. His hands were still fondling my firm, round booty, sending little shocks of arousal shooting up my spine (SP: 26). I reached into his pants and grabbed his throbbing hardon. Hearing him groan, I put my other hand on his chest and pushed him back against the LOOT BOX as I began to stroke. I was already breathing heavy, my plump breasts surging, hard achy nipples poking against the scant bikini top, I had to gain some ground! 

His cock began to swell in my grip, the heat of it seeming to radiate through my soft palm, and up my slender arm. I locked his gaze with my own, careful not to look directly at his Stim counter: CLAY SP: 11-13-15. Seeing it begin to climb in my periphery, I squeezed a little tighter and thrust my chest forward. His eyes dropped immediately and his hands left my butt almost as quickly. Before I knew it, they were closing around my sensitive tits so firmly I gasped (SP: 34). His firm grip caused an explosion of warmth in my chest that rushed downward making me wet.

Quickly I pushed his hands away and pulled his cock out of his pants. Looking him in the eyes, I licked my lips and practically dove on his throbbing manhood. I sucked him into my mouth, savoring the heat as I dragged my tongue along the shaft. I bobbed my head almost frantically, pressing my plump lips tightly around his rod (SP: 38). 

Finally, he groaned again, and I sensed his body melting in relaxation. Yes! I licked and sucked, coating his rock-hard member in my sweet saliva until I began to taste the salty spurts of precum. I began to feel little spasms jumping through his legs. Resisting the urge to check his Stim counter, I closed my eyes and pushed down on his cock until it touched the back of my throat. I gagged...just a little. Pulling back, I gasped a quick breath then deepthroated him again, gagging a little more. I went down one more time, pushing my face against his pelvis and feeling the head of his cock slide into my throat. I held it there, letting my whole body tremble as I gagged, savoring the deep rumbling moan Clay let out. 

When I pulled up, saliva and precum dripping from my full lips, I chanced a look up at his counter: CLAY SP: 40.

I couldn't suppress the smile but quickly leaned back down. Suddenly he had me by the hair, yanking my head back up to face him. I gasped sharply (SP: 39).

"Think I don't know what you're doing?" he rumbled, smiling wide. "It was pretty slick I'll give you that, almost made me want to let you get away with it...almost!"

"I don't kn-AH!" Another harsh yank shut me up (SP: 40).

Keeping hold of my hair, his other hand grabbed my hips and pulled them forward again. He tugged my bikini to one side, exposing my tight, wet slit and wasted no time shoving his cock inside me! (SP: 48!) I cried out as the sudden rush of heat made me shake with pre-orgasmic energy. He pumped once and I MAXED (SP: 50!) whimpering and moaning as the climax blew through me, making my head spin dizzyingly. There was another surge as Clay unleashed a jet of hot cum inside me, the sensation making me wilt. I melted over him, gasping for breath (SP: 0).

CLAY HAS MAXED OUT YOUR STIM!! Flashed before my eyes once more, again followed by YOU LOSE!! It stung a little more this time, since I'd actually been trying to win. 

"Oh fuck yeah," Clay groaned. "Best thing about these sex mechanics, when I MAX you I still get to cum!"

I made no response, just buried my face in his chest so I wouldn't have to look at his stupid smug face! 

I realized Clay still had hold of my hair when he yanked my head back up (SP: 1). He definitely had that smug goddam look on his face again.

"It was a good try," he said. "But..."

"Screw off!"

"But!" he went on, silencing me with another yank (SP: 2). "I think there's a lesson still to be taught."

"Let me go," I demanded, trying to pull away.

Keeping tight hold of my hair, his free hand grabbed me by the pussy. He squeezed tightly, making my legs quiver then pushed two thick fingers inside me. I couldn't help but moan as he began to slide them in and out of my already well lubricated vagina (SP: 2-6-10).

"What are you doing?" I whimpered. "Stop!"

He ignored me, slamming his fingers deeper. His thumb pushed into my hairless slit, parting my soft pussy lips and...well, to be honest it hadn't even occurred to me that I now had a clitoris until Clay found it. I felt his thumb press against the warm little nub and I moaned immediately (SP: 18). My curvy hips began to convulse, overwhelmed by the combo of his still-thrusting fingers and that thumb working over my clit. (SP:18-26-32). Swallowing another moan, I watched helplessly as my Stim counter spun upwards.

Suddenly, Clay surged toward me. I gasped as he stood up, lifting me to my feet right along with him. He pulled his fingers out so quickly, my knees knocked together, and I nearly collapsed. My legs felt like jelly. Before I could regain my bearings though, I was being shoved forward! Clay forced me down onto the LOOT BOX, chest first with my ass in the air.

"Hey, stop it!" I squealed.

My bikini bottoms were still twisted, leaving my pussy exposed and giving me that open, vulnerable feeling. Immediately I felt his fingers sliding back into my vagina. My head was already spinning but the thrust of his digits made me dizzy with lust. My nipples ached, hardening until I thought they might shred the flimsy material of my top. Clay pumped hard, spreading sensual electricity all through my curvaceous body (SP: 32-36-40).

I was griping the edge of the LOOT BOX so tightly my knuckles went white. A long, shuddery moan crawled from my throat, as I felt his thumb pushing between my dripping petals once more. The instant he touched my clit my body shook, electrified (SP: 48). 

Clay drew his hand back, and I braced for what might be next. My eyes were shut tight, arms and chest trembling. My ass was still thrust up in the air waiting, while my legs threatened to turn to jello and collapse at any moment. I knew the instant he touched me I'd cum again, no sense in resisting now.

I waited...

Finally, I turned back to look at Clay. He was standing perfectly still, bathed in that orange glow, arms crossed. That infuriating smug smile cut through the night making me feel small and stupid.

"What are you doing?" I asked through trembling lips.

"Teaching," he said.

"You...you didn't MAX me."

"No, and I don't think I'm going to," he replied. "You are my PRISONER. That means you'll do as I say until I release you...maybe spending a night two points from MAX will make you more cooperative."

My mouth dropped open but I had no words. He was just going to leave me like this!? Every curve of my feminine body surged with erotic energy.

"I'll just do it myself then!" I snapped grabbing my pussy right in front of him. Nothing. My delicate fingers kneaded and prodded, it felt nice but my Stim counter didn't budge.

Then I heard Clay chuckling. "You don't get it, as long as you're my PRISONER you can't use any weapons or skills unless I unlock them for you...even your MASTURBATION skill!"

Snarling, I yanked my bottoms over, wiggling my hips as I adjusted them back into their barely-concealing place. 

"Welp...I'm going to get some sleep," Clay said, stretching. "You're welcome to join me...but I won't make you." Here, he looked me right in the eye and hit a wink. "I'd recommend getting some sleep though, if you go too long without it some of your stats start to take negative hits."

I just glared at him. He shrugged and climbed into the tent, snuggling into the bedroll. I stamped over to the far side of the fire, sinking down beside one of the empty LOOT BOXES. My body was still absolutely electrified. I'd never been so horny...and I had spent seven years as a teenage boy! 

I shut my eyes as tight as I could, trying to will my nerves to calm. In the real world, in a real body, you could do that. My current female body was ruled by status affects and game mechanics. Meaning I was stuck this way until my Stim bar was cleared...apparently by my CAPTOR.

I popped my HUD to see if there was anything I could do, anything at all. Just like he'd said, all my commands were locked. My Stim bar pulsed bright yellow, sitting two points from MAX. There was still no LOGOUT command and next to my name, where it used to say BOUNTY HUNTER (lvl 1), it now said CLAY'S PRISONER in big red letters.

I shut my HUD and hugged my legs into my chest, staring into the darkness. I could still see that smug smile beaming at me. The anger and lust swirling around my head eventually coalesced into a helpless frustration. My body continued to shake and tremble, perpetually on the edge of orgasm. I didn't sleep.

Hours passed, but eventually the sun came up. I heard Clay groan and start to move around. I hugged my legs a little tighter, resting my forehead on my knees. Part of me wanted to rush over and throttle him, but of course, I couldn't. Another part was ready to crawl over and beg him to fuck me. I settled for silent denial, trying my best to ignore him and pretending to sleep.

"I know you didn't sleep," I heard him say after several minutes. I didn't move or respond. "No way you could with your Stim that high, didn't occur to me until I was already in bed, so..."

"So why stop your bastard-streak there?" I spat. "Good call..."

"Doesn't sound like you learned your lesson very well," he chuckled.
