 Completely Fictional

Everyone is Eighteen or over

Written in fun, please read in fun.

Should there be a third Episode?

*****

Episode Two

Judy walked down the corridor with determination, she was angry that Major West could be so heartless and cruel, Doctor Smith was a person too and to be callously cruel was undignified. She was doubly angry because she like Don, he was generally a very nice person, but this whole thing with Doctor Smith and Penny was over the top. In Judy's mind, Penny had been asking for it for a while with the doctor, she always went to his office dressed as sexy as she could, then laid in bed and fantasied about him while masturbating, it wasn't her fault he raped her, but she didn't help matters either. The doctor on the other hand was just as infuriating as Don, why'd he have to be so spineless and cowardly, he could have had Penny months ago and she'd been overjoyed to fuck his brains out. The whole situation was impossible, and now the doctor was locked in an offline escape pod that was getting colder and colder by the minute, Don said he could freeze in there as far as he was concerned, and the doctor just sits there naked moaning and crying instead of standing up for himself. Judy yelled at Don to let him out, Penny yelled too, but Will stayed quiet, and Don wouldn't let him out. Mom and Dad were in their cabin, so she was headed there because she knew Mom would fix this.

She stormed up to their cabin door, it was the largest cabin on the ship, it was also isolated from the other cabins and had full control over the bridge if needed. Judy paused and listened, she couldn't hear anything from inside, not sure if it was possible to hear anything inside the cabins on this ship, but she tried out of habit. She brushed back her blond hair and tried to breath and calm down a bit, her silver jumper felt twisted and she straightened it before hitting the button to open the door. She strolled purposely half way across the living room section to where Mom was sitting on Dad's lap. It took a second for her mind to register as she looked at the two of them, both naked sitting in a single chair facing each other. Dad had turned to look at her, Mom just rocked back and forth on his lap with her eyes closed. As she stepped up beside them she looked down between them, she could clearly see her Dad's hard cock buried in her mother's pussy, it was wet and shiny and as her Mom rocked back and forth it went in and out of her pussy. Judy's Mom opened her eyes and looked at Judy and moaned, but she didn't stop fucking him, she just moaned at her daughter's presence. 

"Did you just come for the view?" John spoke up as she watched her Mom put her hand between them and start rubbing her own clit. "Or did you need something Judy?"

"I . . ." Judy opened her mouth to speak, but didn't seem to know what to say as her mother moaned loudly and began to shake. She looked at her mother who was now full into her orgasm, she was almost jumping up and down on John's lap. She closed her eyes and pushed down hard as she finished cumming, then she collapsed against John's shoulder, he wrapped an arm around her holding her as she calmed down.

"What is it?" her mother finally came to her senses and looked at Judy as she laid against her husband's shoulder.

"It's Doctor Smith." Judy finally spoke, "He's in that escape pod and it's offline, so it's getting colder and colder in there, he's gonna freeze and Don just laughs about it." She finally said in an irritated tone that made her Mother's eyebrows lift.  

"We put him in there to keep everyone safe." John said firmly. "Is there no way to turn the heat on? I'd rather not let him out."

"No." Judy said. "It was fifty degrees in there when I left, and it's like down to forty now. He's in there naked and freezing, it's cruel to leave him in there like that."

"You're right." Maureen said as she stood up letting John's hard cock slip from her. "Sorry honey, I'll have to take care of that later if you leave it alone." Judy stared down at her father's hard cock, she'd seen him naked before, but never with a hard-wet cock like that, she wanted to grab it, but resisted even though she thought to herself, that's what I need. When he stood up it stuck straight out at her, almost touching, now she was more than just horny, she was getting desperate looking at her father's cock.

Maureen picked up a towel and wiped her pussy dry and threw it to John. John caught the towel and wiped his cock dry only inches from Judy, she licked her lips as she watched.

"You gonna leave him like that?" Judy grinned at her father's spoiled orgasm and hard cock, he was her father, but damn his cock looked good.

"Like I said, I'll take care of that later." she smiled at John, "can't let the good doctor freeze." Maureen turned and headed for the door naked. Judy looked at her father's cock, she couldn't help herself, she reached out and wrapped her hand around it and gave it a squeeze, he moaned as she did. "You coming?" Maureen said at the door smiling at her daughter's boldness.

"Yeah." Judy said in a husky voice. "See you later." she said to her father as she released his hard cock and turned towards her mother who was just leaving the cabin still naked.

Judy had to jog to catch up to her mother who was walking towards the bridge. Once beside her she fell in pace with her and they walked together. "You know," Maureen said as they turned a corner. "I'd share, even though he is your father, you could have stayed back there with him, I'm sure he'd fuck your brains out." She continued to walk and glanced at Judy.

"If I want to fuck," Judy responded, "There is always Don, no reason to fuck Dad and deprive you of his attentions, plus that would be a little weird."

"No weirder than you grabbing your father's cock and squeezing it, I'm sure you'd get over the weirdness once he was pounding you senseless, I think he'd like that too. Have you fucked Don?" Maureen asked as they neared the bridge.

"No." She said, "I'd have to be desperate to fuck either one of them." 

"Well," Maureen smiled as they entered the bridge, "we won't have many choices for a while I think, and squeezing your father's cock seems pretty desperate to me." She walked across the bridge, Will, Penny, and Don were all present and watching her as she peered through the glass into the escape pod. They'd all seen each other naked, but since cryosleep everyone assumed they would not be going naked and here was Maureen on the bridge naked. Don felt his cock getting hard, she was a little older than him, but she was a beautiful woman, he would fuck her if he got the chance, and if she was going to prance around naked, he just might get that chance.

"Doctor Smith." Maureen said as she held down the button to open the communications.

"Woe is me." came the sad voice of Dr. Smith over the speakers. "I'll freeze to death in this infernal pod."

"Doctor," Maureen said again. "Can you hear me?"

"Yes, my dear lady," the doctors voice came over the speakers. "Have you come to taunt me as I die from the cold."

"No one's here to taunt you, Doctor." Maureen answered him. "I have to know that if I let you out you'll behave yourself."

"Oh my," the doctor's voice changed to a hopeful tone. "Surely, I would be on my best behavior, at your command, whatever you desire will be my mission."

"Well," Maureen said. "There is no need for that, just keep to yourself and don't bother anyone, especially Penny. Do you understand me?"

"Yes, Yes, my dear lady." Doctor Smith said. "I'll stay in my own corner and won't bother a soul, quite as a mouse."

"I hate that pleading tone." she said after she released the comm button. "Don, you leave him alone, do you hear me."

"If he gets out of line I'll personally jettison his ass." Don said angrily. "Otherwise, I'll leave him alone."

"Fine." Maureen said as she hit the button to open the pod. The door slid open and the doctor came walking into the bridge, still naked with blood dried on his face from Don hitting him. "Get cleaned up Doctor and we'll see about some place for you to sleep."

"Will," Maureen called to him, "Get your stuff out of your room and move in with Penny." she instructed.

"What?" Will objected, "Why me, and why in her room."

"For one." Maureen smiled at him, "I know you haven't unpacked as I told you to, so all you got to do is grab your bag and take it to Penny's room. And Penny's room is the only one with two beds, I'm not going to move Doctor Smith in there, in fact, you're the best choice to protect her in case Doctor Smith tries to come in there."

"Whatever." Will said as he disappeared into the room and came out with his bag.

"Judy could protect her just as well," Will muttered as he disappeared into Penny's room and came back out a second later.

"Am I going to have trouble out of you, young man?" Maureen said when he rejoined them having heard his muttering and wanting to put his discontent away.

"I won't have a bit of privacy," Will said dejectedly. "Why can't the girls stay together."

"Because that's what your mother decided." John's firm voice filled the bridge as he joined them dressed in his silver jumpsuit. He looked over at Maureen who smiled in thanks for his support, she was standing in the middle of the bridge still naked and it didn't seem to concern her at tall. "If she thinks you'll be the best protection for Penny, then accept it and let's get on to more important things." He added.

"Being that we're all here," John looked around at the bridge, everyone was present except Dr. Smith who had left to clean up and hadn't returned. "We're having a meeting in the lounge in thirty minutes, I want everyone there including that robot, we're going to have to make some tough decisions with our limited resources. If you have any ideas, bring them with you." With that he turned and left the bridge just as quickly as he had entered it.

"Oh dear," moaned Dr. Smith as he came back on the bridge, he was cleaned up and was showing a somewhat deep bruise on his face. "I've looked everywhere and can't find my clothes." he said to everyone present as he stood before them naked like Maureen. Maureen smiled at him, the memories of his cock in her was still fresh, then her smile faded as she thought about his rape of Penny. Why'd he have to be such a jerk, she thought.

"Oh." the Major spoke up. "Were those you're things in the cryosleep chamber?" he smiled at the doctor in a mischievous way. "I think I put those in the waste receptacle." He turned back to the instruments before him.

"Why would you do that?" Dr. Smith spoke up indignant. "Those were my only clothes, oh my, I'll still freeze to death without clothes."

"Nonsense Doctor." Maureen replied, "the temperature in here is a constant seventy-two degrees. Major, you really shouldn't have disposed of them."

"I didn't." Major West smiled, "but I should have. They're in the supply closet with the rags and detergents, I didn't even cut them up yet."

"Really Major." the doctor said. "Have you no respect for a man's belongings."

"Listen here doctor." the Major turned around to face him. "If I had my way you'd be floating in space, so shut up before that becomes a reality."

"Yes Doctor," Maureen said. "Please go get you're clothing if you want, you will be using Will's cabin," she pointed to a door at the end of the back wall. "And we have a meeting in 20 minutes in the lounge, everyone is to attend."

"I don't think John meant that scumbag." the Major said.

"He meant everyone." Maureen countered the Major's objection. "Go Doctor." she said as she pushed him towards the rear of the ship. "Major, I want you to afford him every respect you'd give anyone else on this ship. We have to all get along and help each other to survive."

"I'll give him the respect he deserves." the Major said in a hard voice. "He is most likely the cause of all our problems, not to mention what he did to Penny."

"Penny?" Maureen asked for her attention. "How do you feel about the doctor?"

"I don't know." Penny said slowly. "At first, I was really mad at him, still am. But I don't think we should kill him. I think deep down he's an alright guy, maybe. What concerns me more right now is sharing my room with Will, I like my privacy too." 

"Well, for now we'll make the best of it." Maureen smiled at her. "We might change things up later, we'll see."

Twenty minutes later, John sat at the head of the table in the lounge, Major West sat and the opposite end of the table facing him, Maureen sat next to John still naked and seeming not to care. Penny was sitting next to her mother with Judy on the other side of Penny next to the Major, Will sat next to his father across from his mother who he constantly kept avoiding looking at. All of them wore silver jumpsuits except for Maureen and Doctor Smith, Doctor Smith who wore civilian clothing sat next to Will leaving an empty chair between him and the Major, he didn't stare at Maureen, but didn't avoid looking at her either, he did avoid looking at Major West who always seemed angry, particularly with him.

"I wanted us to meet in an official compacity to discuss the many problems we are facing, I wanted the robot here to provide technical data." he said pointing at the robot that stood at the back of the room in what could only be considered a sleep state. The robot was the highest technology available, almost artificial intelligence, and very human looking except for his silver skin and black eyes.

"Our first problem," Major West spoke up, "is the extra baggage we carry. We wouldn't have any of these problems if he could have kept it in his pants."

"Don," Maureen interjected, "Dr. Smith is now part of the crew, we need to get along and work together if we are going to survive."

"The fact is," John reclaimed the leadership role, "the doctor is here now and we have to deal with it. I'd like to discuss our problems more specifically. We have a shortage of food, water, and fuel, so we are going to have to ration in order to survive."

"Fuel is the most important." Major West stated staring at John. "If we run out of fuel we will be drifting and unable to resupply water or food. So how are we going to handle that problem?"

"I agree," John said. "Fuel is our primary concern and fortunately should be able to be replenished from most asteroids and planets, we have a fuel plant on board to refine common ores for fuel, we locate those ores on a planet before we land, then with the extensive equipment onboard we can mine all we need."

"What you're calling common ores," Will injected, "are common ores on earth. Out here they may well be as rare as diamonds, we don't know."

"If we orbit a planet can we tell if those ores are present?" Judy asked.

"Yes." Will replied, "but there is one small problem, without the navigational sensors we will not be able to enter orbit or maintain orbit."

"Will, are the navigational sensors able to be repaired or replaced." John asked him in a concerned voice.

"It would require one of us go out there most likely." Will answered. "I have a signal that tells me the sensors are there, just no longer working correctly."

"What about the communications array?" Maureen asked.

"We don't have a communications array anymore." Will answered, "And where it was might be the beginning of a hull breech, it needs reinforcement before any stress is put on the hull, so we can't even land till something is done."

"With the help of the robot I might be able to perform those repairs." John said to everyone there.

"Why should you go?" Don spoke up in a heated voice. "We need you on board, if something happened to you we lose a valuable member of the crew."

"I'm not sending Will or any of the ladies," John answered, "And you are the only qualified pilot, we need you, nope, this one falls in my lap.'

"What about our dear Doctor Smith." Don said glaring at the doctor. "He's expendable and he caused these problems to begin with. Let him go out there and make the repairs."

"What? Me?" the doctor spoke, "I'm hardly qualified as you well know, oh my, how could you suggest such a crazy thing. I'm sure you'd cut my lines if I was out there, gives you plenty of opportunity to be your evil self."

"Doctor!" Maureen yelled. "Shut up. The Major has no intention to send you out there."

"No wait." John said. "Don is right. The doctor is responsible for this mess and if we send the robot with him then the robot will know what to do and instruct the doctor. It perfect, we need everyone else in here to monitor the equipment and the area as this is done. Once we drop out of light speed, we can send the two of them out."

"Oh my," the doctor said, "You can't be serious, I've never even been in space and certainly not space walking. You guys are trained, must you really send me out there to my doom?"

"Stop your whining doctor." John ordered. "It's been decided, everyone has to pull their weight, and well otherwise you are just dead weight."

"Okay," Maureen said, "that's settled. Now I have another thought to consider. I know everyone here is modest," she paused while a few giggles were heard being that they were all looking at her as she sat there naked. "well, I want you to consider this. We don't have water to wash clothing and the air washer might clean our bodies but doesn't work so well on clothing. So, as you have all seen I have opted to go nude onboard unless clothing is required. Everyone has two jumpsuits, after they are soiled, there is nothing else to wear, so I'm suggesting you save them for when they are needed and just go nude like I am. We've all seen each other already, we're all adults, and once we do find ourselves at a colony or back on earth we can do as society demands, but for now, we have no use for clothing besides modesty."

"Mom," Will said smiling, "that could be awkward."

"Newsflash Will," Maureen smiled back at him. "That jumpsuit doesn't cover up you're over active libido one bit. But if anyone feels the need to be clothed, feel free. This is for your own benefit and by no means mandatory."

"Works for me." Judy smiled at her mother. Everyone else was quiet and didn't say if they'd be joining Maureen or not. 

"Okay." John said. "First order of business is repairs as soon as we drop out of light speed, everyone be thinking about what we can do for food and water as well. For now, we are rationing both, so you might go hungry for a bit. The second order of business once we have navigational sensors operational is to turn this ship a hundred and eight degrees, hit light speed for 17 hours and go back to earth, they can refit us for the journey to Alpha Centauri."

"Can't we triangulate our position and continue our journey to Alpha Centauri?" Major West asked John in a serious voice.

"We have the fuel to jump to light speed one time more, and after that we will not be able to jump to light speed again. If we jump to Alpha Centauri and don't make it, we cannot return to earth then, plus. . ." John paused looking at Major West. "We are short one crib, and there's not enough supplies for one person to stay awake on the Jupiter for a year, they'd run out of water and food and die long before we arrived." John glanced at the doctor purposely not mentioning him being the cause of their problems. "Robot, what are our chances of making it to earth by turning around, or to Alpha Centauri?" John asked to deflect the tirade he knew Don West wanted to throw about the doctor being onboard. 

"Chances of reaching earth. 0.74 percent. Chance of reaching Alpha Centauri. 0.028 percent." The robot said in a flat mechanical voice.

"0.74 percent?" John asked. "You mean there is a ninety-nine percent chance we won't make it?" 

