 This is the story of the spaceship 'Starflyer', its journey to another star, and the effects of the interstellar jump on both crew and passengers. The story contains promiscuous sex, both vaginal and oral, and our protagonist has sex with women of different race, age and body size. There are also elements of group sex and of some fetish aspects including a case of foot sucking and an incident with pee. If these things repel you, please read another story.

*

I look out the window, into space. I must admit that the shuttle launch was stressful, although Space-X has never lost one of their new shuttles. But the noise, the acceleration, and the knowledge that we were riding a semi-controlled explosion up through the atmosphere all contributed to my tension. Now I finally relax, strapped into my seat, looking into space and at the Earth passing rapidly below us. I lose track of how long I have been sitting here, but it must have been hours, for now the pilot interrupts my thoughts.

"We are approaching our destination. In a few minutes, I will burn the main engine for a short moment, to match velocity with the Starflyer. Then there will be some maneuvering to dock with the Starflyer. During our approach, the Starflyer will become visible through the windows on both sides, starting with the left side. Enjoy the view."

A few moments later, the engine roars and we regain weight for a short while. Then there it is! The Starflyer, which will bring me to Kappa Cygnis. It is perfectly spherical, as required by the physics of the Jump, a part from a ring of eight retractable fusion engines.

As I look at it, I cannot help thinking of the Jump. It scares me. My engineering background gives me a decent knowledge of Jump Physics, although I do not grasp the details. But I understand enough to be scared. I guess everybody are worrying about the Jump, but the rest are probably mainly worried about the social aspects of it. That worries me too, of course. But the Jump itself, dropping out of space-time, that scares me. Which is silly, I know. Jumping is even safer than flying.

I push these unpleasant thoughts away, and focus on the view. Soon we are so close that I can clearly see a dark belt around the "equator" of the ship. I must be the windows in the observation lounge encircling the ship. Soon after, we are docking with the Starflyer.

We are all led into the spaceship through a connection pipe, and then proceed to the passenger cabins under the guidance of a few crew members. Zero-gravity handles are mounted in what becomes the ceiling once we are under way, and we all reach our cabins without incidents. I try a zero-g somersault, but there is hardly space for it in my cabin. So I lie on the bed, and fasten the two straps that will prevent me from flying away. All passengers are confined to the cabins until departure, for safety reasons. Fortunately, the last shuttle will dock in less than an hour, and soon after we will depart.

I must have dozed off, and am woken up by an announcement.

"This is first officer Simon Hague. On behalf of captain Susan Corwin and all the crew, welcome on board the Starflyer. If you are not already strapped in on your bunk, please do so now. In five minutes we will depart, the computer will not let me turn on the engines if there are people floating in the cabins. Thank you!"

Five minutes later, we depart. The engine of the shuttle had roared deafeningly. In contrast, the eight fusion engines of the Starflyer emit a hardly audible hum as they power up. But during a half minute or so, I can feel my normal weight return gradually. Then the first officer speaks again.

"Our engines are now operating at an acceleration of one standard gravity. You are free to leave your cabins and move around on the ship. I recommend section three of the Observation Lounge, if you are quick you can get a last view of the Earth as we break orbit.

---

During the first few days, we settle into a daily routine. Most passengers spend their time in the spacious observation lounge, playing games, reading, or just looking into the emptiness of space. The mess hall is also popular, even between meals. Sometimes a few off-duty crew members join us. They are easily recognizable by their Star Trek-like yellowish uniforms. Their rank and area of responsibility is indicated by the colored armbands that they wear on their upper arms. The captain wears red, the first officer orange. Pilots have yellow armbands, engineers blue, etc.

Then on the third day, the mood is getting tense. We all know that we are approaching the first Jump, but it is as if the topic is taboo, no-one talks about it, and all conversation becomes a bit strained. I sit in the lounge, staring into the blackness of space, thinking about nothing in particular.

My lack of thoughts are interrupted by an announcement.

"This is the captain. The jump prognosis is still unaltered, we are approaching a stable jump point, and expect to jump in approximately two hours. Final jump decision will be made approximately one hour before jumping."

Silence falls, it is as if all conversations stop. When people resume talking their voices are low and subdued. I resume staring into space. An hour later, capt. Corwin speaks again.

"This is the formal jump announcement. The decision to jump is now final, and we will jump in one hour and two minutes. All passengers and crew members, please proceed immediately to your cabins and prepare for jump. I repeat, all passengers ..."

We all rise in silence, and walk to our cabins, avoiding eye contact.

In the cabin, I remove my clothes. Shirt and trousers are folded, and placed on the bed, as they are synthetics. But my underwear is cotton, and I place it in the mini-pod with my other cotton clothes, to protect them from the Jump. My thoughts unavoidably turn to the Jump.

We are still within the orbit of Mars, but in less than an hour the Starflyer will vanish and instantly reappear a few light years away. Seen from the outside, no time will pass between when we vanish and reappear. Inside the ship, it is more complicated. For a moment, we will pass outside both space and time (if "a moment" makes any sense when time does not exist). Unfortunately, life cannot exist outside time, so when this happens all bacteria, virus and half-dead skin cells in my underwear will be destroyed. The mini-pod will protect the organic fibers from being damaged by the jump (cotton is particularly vulnerable), but only a full pod can preserve life.

I walk into the shower, and wash thoroughly. Then I dry myself, and sit down on my bed, watching the countdown and pod assignment on the screen. I am assigned to pod 27 (bottom). After a few minutes, I gather my courage, get up, and go to the door. I hesitate at the door, my subconscious shouting that I forgot something important: my clothes. Then I open the cabin door, and walk naked into the corridor. Naked men and women appear from other cabins, and we walk towards the Pod Hall keeping our eyes to ourselves. 

I proceed to pod 27. My jump partner has not yet arrived, but the hall is filling up with naked people. Most people try to be natural, but a few cover their private parts with their hands, although this only makes them look even more naked. Then my partner arrives, covering her pussy and breasts with her hands. She is about my own age, perhaps thirty, and I cannot help noticing that she looks quite good. 

I smile at her. "Hi, I am Peter."

She looks at me. "Caroline," she says, and then falls silent. She looks unhappy. I can't say I blame her.

None of us feel like talking, and I look at the pod. It will make it possible to survive when we drop out of time. The Jump Pod creates a sort of pseudo-time inside it, which will let life continue. But it only works if there is at least 127 kilo of living material inside, and at most 287 kilo, which is why we need to share pods. If you ask a Jump Physicist why these numbers, he will talk about eigenvalues and resonances, and about the roots of the Ngong-McBrien-Hassan equations, but after a long talk you will be left with the impression that the real answer is that nobody really knows. And if you ask him why pseudo-time has the effect it has on the human mind, he will not even pretend to have an answer.

Something happens at the end of the hall. It is the crew that get up on a bridge raised two meters above the floor. They, too, are naked, apart from the colored armbands, but do not seem to be bothered by it. The captain speaks.

"We are now going to jump, and for most of you it will be your first jump. As you all know, the jump is instantaneous, but brings us outside of time itself, which would be lethal to all life were it not for the Jump Pods. Inside the pod, you will live in pseudo-time for a while. The amount of time you experience will vary from pod to pod. It depends of course on the Jump parameters, but there is a strong random component which cannot be controlled, and which varies from pod to pod. Today's jump conditions are good, and the forecast is that most of you will experience between three and four hours in the pod. About one in ten will experience a time that is either shorter or longer than this, but none will be more than five hours in the pod. Please enter the pods. Good luck!"

My pod designation was 27 (bottom). The bottom part means that I am heavier than my jump partner, and therefore has to go in first. I get into the pod, and lie down on my back. Then Caroline climbs in, and lies face down on top of me. The pod closes, and the internal light comes on. Caroline's face is just in front of mine, and I can see tears in her eyes.

She looks at me, "I forgive you."

"Sorry?"

"I forgive you." When I look confused, she explains, "When we jump, you will turn into a sex monster and rape me. That is unavoidable, it would be unfair to blame you for it."

I try to smile at her. "As I understand it, the same thing will happen to you."

"I doubt it. I have always hated sex. I endured it with my ex-husband, and I am sure that having sex with you will be no worse than with him. It is the price I have to pay if I want to go to Kappa Cygnis, but I don't have to pretend that I will like it."

"I will try to control myself, then. I don't know if it is possible, but I will try."

She forced a smile. "Thanks."

As soon as I have said this, our weight vanishes. The computer has turned off the engines. It will take 40 seconds to retract them, and a few seconds later we will jump. We both wait in silence.

Then we jump. Without warning I no longer have a nervous Caroline facing me. Now I am sharing the pod with the most perfect specimen of womanhood, with a goddess of love, with Aphrodite herself!

I am overwhelmed by love and lust. I embrace her, and pull her closer to myself. Then I remember my promise, and try to control myself. It feels like the hardest thing I have ever done, but I manage not to rape her, although my dick has now become very erect and very hard. I control myself for perhaps 12 seconds. I am not a rapist! Then 15 seconds. I begin to doubt that I can last much more, three hours seems like forever.

Caroline looks at me. She has desperation in her face. Then she speaks, almost shouts at me. "I have changed my mind! Fuck me! Now!!!" She kisses me urgently.

I enter her, and can feel her press against me. We fuck like two animals, and soon I can feel her coming. I ejaculate into her, but my dick remains hard. I know that often happens in a pod, the stimulation of pseudo-time overwhelms the normal biological mechanisms that would end the erection. If it continues during the whole jump it will become painful, but I do not worry. I am just happy that I can continue to fuck her, and soon we come again. I loose track of time. Orgasm follows orgasm, my balls are empty, and still my cock tries to ejaculate into her, in vain. It does not matter, the pleasure is the same.

Eventually, my dick is exhausted and my erection disappears. We kiss intensely instead, deep tongue kisses, and my hand reaches between her legs, massaging her clit. For a while we enjoy each others body like this, then my dick rises again, and we resume fucking, less energetically, slower, but more intensely and with the same pleasure.

Suddenly, something changes. She is no longer a goddess of love, she is just a sweating, smiling woman. "Wow! I had never expected sex to be good. And certainly not this good."

We hug, and gradually gravity returns. Then the pod opens, and we leave it. The display next to it shows that we have had slightly more than three pseudo-hours inside the pod.

Gradually, the smile disappears from Caroline's face. "Did we really fuck like that? Like animals? And everybody else did so, too. It is kind of gross, don't you think so? It is kind of shameful to have behaved like that."

"I don't know. I think it just proves that you are a human being, like the rest of us.'

We are interrupted by the captain. "Congratulations with a successful first jump. This calls for a celebration. We will meet in the mess hall in fifteen minutes for the after-jump party. That gives you time enough to return to your cabin and don some clothes, if you so desire. But after the experience we just shared, I guess many of you will not bother. It is entirely up to you."

Caroline and I walk out of the hall, still hand in hand. We walk through the spray-shower in the corridor, cleaning our bodies from sweat, cum and whatever. Then we walk through the drying zone, and enter the main corridor. Caroline goes left, towards the cabins. I look at what the others do, and when I see about half going naked towards the mess hall, I join them.

In the mess hall people are gathering, but quickly segregating into dressed tables and naked tables. I find a seat with five other people who look like they are a guy short. They look like two jump-couples and an extra woman, who like me has lost her jump partner. Soon, I discover that one of the couples are not just a jump couple, but are actually married. That begs a host of obvious questions that I am initially too polite to ask, but after a few glasses of wine and getting to know them a bit better, I gather my courage.

"So how do you handle the jumps, when you are married?"

The woman, Alexandra, smiles at me. "With some difficulties, I expect."

She elaborates, "We shared a pod today, that was fantastic." She reaches out and touches her husband. "But of course we cannot do that again, due to the risk of JIDA."

"Jump Induced DNA Allergy," her husband John explains helpfully, as if any of us did not know about JIDA, the reason we can never jump twice with the same person.

"So we will have to control our jealousy," she continues. "We have agreed that we will enjoy it, and talk openly about it. After all, it is not as if one of us is cheating on the other, we are on equal footing."

"We clearly expect still to be married when we reach Kappa Cygnis," John adds, "But of course only time will show."

Music starts, and dancing begins. Our table form three couples, I get the first dance with Alexandra. Dancing naked with a woman you hardly know is a first for me, I certainly enjoy looking at her, but am a bit careful with my hands. Then the dance is over, and I look for Caroline. I saw her earlier at the buffet; she smiled at me, the kind of forced smile saying "I try not to blame you for sharing an embarrassing experience." Now there is no trace of her, she must have left once the dancing started.

I dance once more with a naked woman I have never met before. Then I find myself standing next to a stunningly beautiful black woman in a striking red dress. She looks a bit lost too, and says yes when I invite her for a dance. I discover that dancing with a dressed woman if you are naked yourself is awkward, which is probably why almost all couples on the floor are either both naked or both dressed. After the dance, I ask her if she wants a drink, but she is not interested.

The captain dances close by. Every time she is done with a dance, naked men are swarming around her. Her first officer has a similar attraction for the women, and clearly no member of the crew lacks dance partners. I consider if I should join the competition, or just try to score a woman for the night. With a bit of persistence it should be possible in this crowd. But I am tired, and have already had three hours of intense sex today. Now if Caroline was still here... I head back to my cabin, alone.

Next morning I dress, and go for breakfast. In the mess hall, everybody is now dressed except for the crew, who seem to maintain the naked look (a part from the colored armbands). After breakfast, I go to the observation lounge, and play a few rounds of poker. Soon, Caroline join us, she seems much more at ease today. Suddenly, she looks up.

"That was about time!" she exclaims. I look up, the jump engineer and the first officer are walking through the lounge. They are both wearing their uniforms again.

The next few days pass uneventfully. Then just after breakfast the jump engineer announces over the loudspeakers, "A new jump point is forming. Tentative jump prognosis is in four to six hours, but we should know more soon."

This time the prospect of jumping does not dampen the mood. People talk openly about who they might get as jump partners, and speculate on the chances of getting a crew member. I am clearly not the only one who would like to jump with the captain.

Soon the jump prognosis is stable, and in early afternoon we are sent to our cabins to prepare for jump. I shower, and halfway through the shower I notice that my fear of the jump has vanished. I find myself hoping for Aisha, the stunning black woman in the red dress.

After the shower, I see my pod assignment on the screen. Pod 33 top. I leave my cabin for the Pod Hall.

Again, I arrive before my partner, but soon she comes. It is a very big woman, I think her name is Christie. She is definitely at least 50 kilo overweight, and normally I do not find women of that size attractive. But Christie manages to look great in spite of her size, and being naked does not hurt her.

"You look great," I say, and mean it. I hug her warmly. Then the captain announces the jump parameters, this time ninety percent of us will experience four to six quasi-hours in the pod, and none more than eight.

We enter the pod. Christie goes in first, and lie on her back. Then I climb down, and try to be careful as I get down on top of her. She pushes me around until I lie comfortably with my entire weight on her, apparently she enjoys that. The pod close around us, and we do not wait for the jump before we begin kissing passionately.

Then we jump. Again, the effect is dramatic. I am no longer floating weightless in a pod with a very large but attractive woman. I am with the Goddess. I now know why the ice age people carved icons of women with huge tits and huge asses: that is how the Goddess looks. "My Adonis", she says as I enter her. She grabs my ass with her hands, and press me against her. I grope her huge tits, and come in her wet pussy. Again, my dick remains erect, and we continue our lovemaking for hours, interrupted by brief periods where I remove my hands from her gorgeous, huge tits and try to pleasure her with both hands, while my dick recovers.

We are tired and covered in sweat when the jump ends, way too soon we both agree. Once the pod open we see that we have not had more than three and a half hour. We hug and kiss in front of the pod, and walk hand in hand through the showers and into the mess hall.

This time the vast majority are naked, only perhaps one in ten is dressed, unsurprisingly Caroline is one of those. But my attention during the dinner is on Christie, who cannot keep her hand to herself but seems to be constantly stroking my dick as we eat. As soon as dinner is done, we dance closely. But Christie is not comfortable on a dance floor, and we retire to her cabin.
