 *My first fantasy story. I hope you like it, please leave a vote and a comment and let me know what you like and dislike. More will follow.*

The beast thundered through the forest, leaving massive footprints with each bound. Kiba was right behind it the entire time. It wasn't everyday that he was able to save a damsel in distress, and he wasn't about to miss his chance. The beast was called a Furlin, a huge monster composed of fur, scales, muscle, and teeth. There was probably more to it, but Kiba was no scholar. The physical attributes were all that mattered to him. For the last few days this particular Furlin had been stealing women from the village of Ashantar. Kiba was lucky enough to witness one of the abductions and chased the monster in hopes of a reward for his troubles. The woman had looked rather rich to him.

Kiba was an adventurer, though some called him a mercenary. He had no real home, instead he traveled the lands looking for work. A job, a damsel, anything that could pay him a handsome reward. Now, he was chasing one of the most feared monsters in this land just so he could pay his way for another week or so. This was not the life that most sought, but Kiba loved it. He was a bit apprehensive about tackling this particular rescue mission because the Furlin was more than likely initiating in a mating ritual, and they were known to be particularly nasty when protecting their "mates."

The Furlins had a particularly peculiar mating ritual, unlike most monsters, they were a single gender race. Only men. This meant that they have to find suitable mates in their surroundings. Their favorite: Humanoids. This new girl was reportedly the third abduction, which meant Kiba may already be too late for the others, even though Furlin usually collected a number of mates before actually mating. The thundering footsteps stopped.

Kiba slowed down to a jog, and unsheathed his broadsword. As he crept forward his tail wagged in anticipation, and his furry ears perked up to listen more intently. He could hear the monster rummaging around, and then a muffled scream. Kiba made his move, circling the huge oak tree and entering the clearing where he spotted the two-legged monster holding his newest mate against a tree, one finger covering her mouth, as he tied her to a tree. Another woman was tied to the tree next to her, but the third was nowhere to be seen.

The problem with fighting Furlins was that they were incredibly smart for monsters, and if you didn't take their intelligence into account, you stood no chance. Thankfully, Kiba had encountered a few before now, and knew what he was doing. The monster finished tying the girl up, though he already knew Kiba was there. Kiba shifted his bare feet, his claws digging into the ground a bit. When the Furlin finished tying the girl up, he took his hand away and turned to face his adversary. The girl cried for help instantly, and the beast let out a roar. Kiba just waited.

Once the Furlin made the first move, the fight was over. The beast charged forward, bearing his teeth and took a swipe at Kiba, who instinctively jumped onto its arm, and then jumped nimbly onto its furry back. With broadsword in hand, he pushed it down into the monster's spine and that was that. The Furlin collapsed into a heap, twitching slightly. Kiba was thrilled at how simple the fight had been. He shoved his sword into the soft ground and then pulled it out again, most of the blood was now gone from it.

He freed the second victim first, cutting the vines she was tied with. Amazingly she seemed rather calm about the whole incident, and she eyed Kiba rather fiercely. She was tall and raven-haired, but Kiba stood a bit taller. As he began freeing the louder girl whom had just been abducted, the raven-haired woman stretched the marvelous black wings on her back.

"What's taking you so long furball!? Get me down!" The girl was younger than the winged woman, and louder. She had blonde hair and cat ears upon her head, and the tip of a matching tail stuck out of her bondages.

"Furball!?" Kiba's ears perked. "Look lady, I'm saving you here, at least be gracious. And by the way, I expect some payment!"

Kiba cut the ropes and the girl feel ungracefully from the tree. "Oof!" As she stood up, brushing herself off and straightening her hair, she hissed, "Well don't expect any payment from me! I don't have any money to speak of anyway!"

"No payment!? Do you realize what I just saved you from lady!?" Kiba was livid.

"I don't have anything to pay you with either Wolfman." The sultry voice from behind him was that of the gorgeous black-haired woman.

"Are you kidding!? What's wrong with you people?" Kiba sheathed his sword as he yelled at the two of them, but then he became silent. "Hey... Where's the other girl I heard about?" His question was answered by a finger from the Birdwoman. She pointed to a pile of leave next to the Furlin's makeshift bed.

Kiba approached the leaves slowly, somewhat worried about what he may find. Laying in the pile was a young girl, no older than 16, completely nude. Her body was bloody and bruised, he was obviously too late to stop the ritual with this young girl. She twitched. A momentary feeling of relief washed over Kiba because she lived, however, he knew what this meant. The young girl's bald pussy was smeared with blood, and as she twitched, it did also.

The blonde haired girl had followed him and was on the verge of tears when the more mature victim strutted past them and left the clearing. After a moment, Kiba followed her trail.

"Hey! You two! Wait! What about this girl!? We need to help her! HEY! WAIT! Don't leave me here!"

Kiba didn't listen, the young girl was as good as dead, and the blonde one had no form of payment, her life was her worry now. He pushed through the forest at a brisk walk, sniffing the air with his sensitive nose to follow the winged woman's scent. As he felt he was gaining on her he was interrupted by the cat girl who grabbed his arm and spun him around.

"Look here Mister! I'm sorry that I have no payment for you, and it's one thing to leave me back there, but that poor girl was seriously hurt why didn't you help her!?" The girl's eyes were fierce and her ears twitched as she yelled at him.

"The cold hard truth is that that girl is good as dead,. Within 24 hours she'll be giving birth and she has no chance of making it through the delivery. It probably would have been better for me to have just killed her, but I didn't feel comfortable striking down someone that young. Besides, her nerves are already pretty shot by the looks of it, she won't feel much." The girl's eyes had softened and tears were welling up in them. "Look, I wish I could have helped that girl, but there's nothing I could have done. Now, if you're going to be following me around, at least tell me your name. I'm Kiba."

"I... I'm Sasha..." Her voice was feeble and her tail and ears now drooped pathetically.

"Alright Sasha, we should get going. We don't want to be anywhere near that corpse when the other monsters in this forest get a whiff of his blood." With that Kiba turned and took up his walking pace in order to catch up with the mysterious victim from earlier. He felt Sasha fall in behind him but she didn't say much.

As they approached a clearing where Kiba thought he smelt a hot spring, he slowed his pace to a creeping motion and parted some leaves carefully. In the clearing stood the dark-winged angelic woman. She stood there in the water up to her ankles, fully naked, getting ready to wash her body with the water from the hot spring. As he gazed through the leaves he felt Sasha squat next to him and peer through the leaves as well. He then heard an audible gasp escape her lips.

She was tall, with a wonderfully slender body, a vision of pure lust embodied. Styled beautifully, her midnight black hair hung down to the middle of her back. Her face was dominated by a pair of large, stunning green eyes that shined in the sunlight. Kiba could see each lash perfectly curled up adding such a sultry touch to her already sexy look. Below her perfect nose sat a pair of full, naturally pink lips glistening with moisture. From any angle, you can see her wings, which match the color of her hair, they seemed powerful; almost the height of her body. There was one part of her body that stood out more than the rest; literally. Huge, heavy breasts jutted out from her chest, almost unnaturally firm and round. Though the way she squashed them together as she brought her hands up to wash them displayed her cleavage so well that Kiba knew they weren't enchanted in any way. Her skin was lightly tanned without a single line to suggest she wears anything while sunbathing. Capping each breast was a huge, dark pink nipple at close to two and a half inches across, and to Kiba they looked perfect for sucking on. Each nipple wore a metallic hoop nearly the size of a door knockers, but obviously not as heavy. As her fingers drifted to her nipples, she tweaked them, obviously turning herself on because they began growing to their full length: at least an inch long, and very stiff. Not a single pubic hair tarnished the perfectly smooth mound at the top of her long, sexy legs. Each puffy outer lip pouts wetly, a metal stud through each, slick with arousal already. As Kiba watched her, she spread her legs slightly and with his keen eyes he could see juices already dribbling down her inner thighs. As she spread her legs a bit further her pussy opened wider to reveal a tight velvety entrance which looked to like just the right thing for Kiba to force his now rigid cock into. With a giggle she closed her legs and turned around. It was then that Kiba knew that she knew he was looking. Her ass facing him, she bent forward and wiggled it at him. Him watching her was obviously turning her on. Still bent over, she reached her hands back and grabbed each firm ass cheek, pulling them apart to reveal her puckered asshole that practically begged Kiba to rape it.

Kiba didn't need anymore enticing. Without a word to Sasha he strut forward into the clearing and began stripping as he walked. When he came up behind the angelic woman she was still bent over and he did what he knew she wanted: he thrust his twelve inch cock straight into that tight puckered asshole. She let out a scream as the pucker ripped a bit, but the scream soon turned into a delicious moan as her anus provided some natural lube to Kiba's cock. Twelve inches was probably a lot to her, the winged people weren't as naturally large as Kiba's people. Kiba was actually only an average size among the wolf men. He'd seen many sixteen to seventeen inch cocks in his day; even tasted a few. The wolf men and women were almost completely bisexual. Though they all preferred the opposite sex, it was not unheard of to lend your company to a friend.

As he found a good rhythm, he moved his thick cock slowly in and out of her bloody asshole as it clung to his veined cock. The woman was now going wild, she'd grown used to the stinging pain and the pleasure seemed immeasurable. Moans and groans escaped her lips as she reared back, and managed to grab Kiba's ass cheeks, pulling him farther into her. Kiba grinned and pushed his cock into her farther until his bush of pubic hair was nearly touching her ass.

"You like a little pain don't you baby?" He grunted as he leaned forward a bit. Kiba stroked her wings as he fucked her, "What's your name sweetie?"

The woman cried out in pleasure as Kiba plucked one of her feathers. "My name's Akhaani baby! Oh! Keep fucking my ass! Just like that!"

Kiba did as he was told, picking up the pace slightly, his cock was now making a slurping sound with each thrust. After a few more moments he felt a sensation in his balls and pulled all twelve inches out of Akhaani's asshole hastily. An audible pop escaped her asshole as Kiba's head left it. Her asshole was now gaping, and a small gurgling could be heard as it gasped at the air, as it begged to be filled once more.

For now, her ass would be disappointed because Kiba had other ideas.

"Turn around, you're going to clean my dick off now bitch. Your asshole got blood all over it after all." Without seeming offended in the slightest, the winged beauty, Akhaani, spun around and squatted down before Kiba's cock. As she took it into her mouth and began twirling her delicate tongue around the tip, paying special attention to his pee hole, Kiba looked to his right and noticed that they had company.

A nude Sasha sat propped against a large rock nude, her back was arched and two fingers were zipping in and out of the sopping wet mop that covered her pussy. As Kiba directed one ear to her he could hear adorable little grunts escaping her lips and the erotic sloshing of her furious fingers. Her breasts were hardly as large as Akhaani's, but the small patch of blonde fur between them was incredibly sexy to Kiba. Her black nipples, which was normal for the cat women, stood tall at nearly two inches or so and looked simply delicious as they swayed with her pumping.

Kiba growled with pleasure as Akhaani swirl her tongue around his shaft, focusing on his cock's underbelly, and then deepthroating him the next second. "It looks like we have an admirer." Kiba managed to sputter between throws of ecstasy. 

Akhaani's eyes twitched to the side for a moment, though she didn't lose her pace. Seeing the cat woman rabidly fucking herself to an orgasm as she watched them sent Akhaani into overdrive. Her efforts on Kiba's cock doubled, she paid attention to every well sculpted vein while massaging the head with her throat, making sure to lick every trickle of blood from the shaft. She also began fucking herself as well, Kiba watched as her free hand moved toward her inner thighs and began pinching and pulling her engorged clit which was sticking out noticeably from her smooth, swollen lips.

As she continued bobbing her head up and down on his shaft, Kiba reached down and took hold of both firm, meaty breasts. They felt wonderful as he massaged and groped them, the rock hard nipples poking his palms. Playfully, he poked his claws into the sides of Akhaani's breasts, causing her to gasp and choke on his cock. She recovered gracefully, however, when he began pinching and twisting her nipples which caused her to return to moaning softly on his cock as she bobbed.

Kiba looked to his side at Sasha once more, relishing the feelings Akhaani was giving him with the best head he'd ever experienced. Sasha was moaning and groaning, her hips in the air. To Kiba's surprise she now had her entire fist buried in the forest of blond pubic hair between her legs. Her arm was moving back and forth quickly, and her face looked completed concentrated as she bit her lip and furrowed her brow. Then Kiba noticed that her tail was getting in on the action too, helping her by tickling her black puckered asshole.

It was all too much for Kiba: the wonderful head from Akhaani, her perfect nipples between his fingers, the sight of Sasha satisfying her hungry cunt with her whole fist, and the lustful purrs now escaping her throat. He felt it coming and warned Akhaani, "I'm going to cum soon, I want you to cup those wonderful titties like you did earlier." As Kiba pulled completely out of her mouth, she did as she was told once more and pressed her breasts together firmly, her swollen nipples poking out seductively. Kiba now took hold of his own slick cock, and began pumping it with his fist furiously, aiming it at the gorgeous cleavage before him.

The first load erupted from his head like a volcano, white, hot cum splashed across Akhaani's chest. The next load shot forth but hit lower, piling in her cleavage and covering the tops of her breasts. The third load splashed across her nipples and dribbled down her stomach, and finally Kiba stepped forward and smeared what was left across her lips, provoking her to take his head into her mouth and clean it for him.

As Akhaani cleaned the rest of the cum from Kiba's dick, he looked to his right to see Sasha making her way toward them on all fours. When she arrived, she instantly began lapping at Akhaani's chest, making sure to get every drop of Kiba's white spunk. Apparently, the sensation of Sasha's silky tongue cleaning off her nipples was just enough to push Akhaani over the edge, because she suddenly released Kiba's dick and fell backward into the shallow water, her wings catching her. Sasha wasn't about to let the cum wash off of Akhaani's body, so she straddled her in hopes to get a better angle at her chest. While Sasha was straddling Akhaani's belly, Akhaani's hand was furiously working her bald pussy, which was now spewing juices from its velvety folds. Kiba was instantly drawn to her hot cunt, as he began lapping up as much of the wonderfully flavored liquid as he could, his mouth suctioning itself in between her thighs.

As he lapped at her cunt, Akhaani bucked her hips, but he stayed with her, riding out each orgasm and taking in as much juice as he could. As she came to a stop, so did Sasha, who had also cum somewhere along the way. By now Kiba was fully erect again and in need of salvation.

"Alright bitches, you got your jollies, now give some more attention to my friend here." This time both of them went to work on his cock. Two lovely tongues swirled around his shaft, never staying in one spot for long. Eventually they worked out a mutual system, Akhaani began taking him into her mouth methodically once more, and Sasha began sucking on one nut at a time while slipping a finger into his asshole. The combined effort was more than enough after a few more seconds. "Here it comes!" He groaned, forcefully pushing Akhaani off his dick. Soon the purple head of his cock spasmed and a load shot forth, hitting her eye and nose, the next shot covered her mouth, which she opened in time to catch the last shot.

Sasha beat her to Kiba's dick this time and began sucking it for all it was worth to get a little more cum out. Akhaani didn't seem to mind though, she simply smiled, her lips covered in cum, and a bit dripping off of her chin and landing on one heavy breast. She then stood, her lustful body glowing in all its glory. She looked Kiba in the eyes, purred a, "Thank you," and turned to leave, not even worrying about her clothes.

It wasn't until she was out of vision did Sasha take her lips off of Kiba's cock, "How come you didn't cover me with any cum?"

"Sorry sweetie, maybe later," Kiba said as he watched the spot Akhaani had exited from.

Sasha looked around confused, licking her lips hungrily, "Hey, where'd she go?"

"I don't know..." Kiba trailed off. It had begun getting dark. "Come on, lets make camp here for tonight. Don't bother getting dressed, as long as you're my slave you won't be needing clothes."

"SLAVE!?" Sasha shouted angrily, but her lustful eyes betrayed her anger.

"Yeah, I saved your life, you owe it to me. Now go collect some wood." Kiba watched as she stormed off, walking a bit awkwardly, her tail swaying above her tight ass cheeks.