 Cruel, harsh, ethnocentric, petty and vile are all words easily capable of describing Drow society. Two others must always be included though for without them, nothing would differentiate the dark elves from the orc, goblin or any of the other humanoid races. These words are cunning and patience.

As a traditionally matriarchal society, the Drow are withdraw and quiet, the pitfalls silent social precipice just waiting for those unsure of their footing but foolhardy enough to march blind to tumble down its very treacherous walls. It is as unforgiving as death and sometimes just that simple in the resolution. 

Evil is in the motivation and not always the result though.

Jhanthrae knew the two words as good as any Drow would, they being the mantra her kind learn from birth. They ran through her physically weakened body now as she waited for her time to strike, in whatever form it took.

She was being carried now in massive arms, rippling with muscle and parallel to the ground. Amilyn walked in front of her still nude, her shapely bottom swaying side to side with each step. The half-elf had worked on the Drow for several hours more wearing her down, orgasm after orgasm, leaving her a quivering, bowlegged pile, her screams of ecstatic joy remaining silent due to the enchantments placed upon her Mithral collar.

She tried to struggle, weak and powerless to resist the massive arms. She needed to get away, back to the darkness of the earth. She would not be sacrificed to their weak gods or used for spell components for their twisted rituals. Her vision blurred again as she felt unconsciousness taking her once more; the last thing she heard was the tittering laughter as the darkness consumed her.

She awoke slowly in a strange form of comfort, so very different from before. She smelled that smell again and in her head she heard the word "lilac" drift through but it was still a mystery; she'd never heard the word before. Her eyes flickered slightly as she felt something hard and gentle running through her hair and a small breeze run across her face. She opened her eyes to find the half-elf Amilyn above her, smiling with bright blue eyes and holding a delicate brush of ivory and gold. The Drow shifted and found herself on a bed covered in silken sheets, herself under one; she felt the soft fabric tingle across her bare breasts and knew she was nude underneath the sheet.

Amilyn wore a sheer robe that sparkled in the firelight, her toned body visible underneath the material. Her breasts were generous and heavy with ever so slight a droop, almost calling to Jhanthrae to partake of the small nipples poking out at her. They hung over a taunt abdomen, unmarred by signs of child birth. Her arms were not thin but sleeked and muscled ever so slightly, while her legs though not long, were powerful, ending in small and delicate feet. The half-elf flexed her legs under her and Jhanthrae relaxed; She would wait for her opportunity, weighing all her the options and then choose her path.

Amilyn knew all of this and shook her head with a tender smile, "You are a foolish one my spider princess."

Jhanthrae's fury shown in her eyes but she refused to struggle against her binds.

"You are not bound my black princess," said Amilyn with a titter, sitting against the headboard behind Jhanthrae. The Drow was sure it was trickery but couldn't resist trying to move; she felt her head and arms move freely. Sitting up slowly with Amilyn behind her, Jhanthrae moved slowly to her knees, the sheet tumbling free as she turned to face Amilyn.

And then she struck.

Drow females are as good if not better in combat than their male counterparts, having received nonstop training from the age of ten to twenty; Jhanthrae was no exception. The Drow whipped her hand out to backhand Amilyn but the half-elf was there, diverting it... just as Jhanthrae expected. Her other hand shot forward and under the deflected arm, slamming Amilyn's head back against the headboard by her throat and leaning on the half-elf, her hand shifting off and the pressure applied again by her elbow. Amilyn's legs thrashed out but Jhanthrae's knees were well placed between the blond's legs; she cried out but the sound died away as the Drow leaned forward, a cruel smile parting her lips. The psionicists heels dug into the bed for purchase but the silk caused her to slip as she gagged out a few desperate words, "Don't. He intends to make you free but to kill me would change his mind." 

The dark elfs eyes met hers and she pondered the statement; should she kill the mongrel she might anger the male and she knew nothing about him. She eased back and let the female draw in air, still holding her forearm against her throat. As the girl drew in gasps of air, she took note of her surroundings and hooked her finger inside Amilyn's robe. Tugging on it, the robe tumbled off her shoulders and to the bed. Grasping the taller woman by the hair, she turned her on her knees and pushed her to the bed, quickly sliding onto the chest of the pale skinned half-elf. She reached down and picked up the robe, sliding it over her own shoulders, her eyes still scanning the room. Amilyn, realizing her position, relaxed and spoke with a wry smile, "It suits you my princess."

Jhanthrae's eyes flashed again and Amilyn noticed, "You don't like me calling you that, do you?"

The Drow didn't answer and Amilyn cocked her head to the side, looking up at her captor now, "You are a find Jhanthrae. Mystara has never seen your ilk before." Amilyn's legs had bent up behind Jhanthrae and the half-elf now rocked them back and forth to a slow rhythm and she continued, "An extra-dimensional spell has brought you here from your world and you are in trouble now."

Still seated, her knee's locking down the nude half-elf at the arms as she watched her eyes, listening for details.

"You might view us as a problem but I can promise you," the psionicist continued softly, "We are the closest thing you have to a way home." The half-elf started to try and sit up and Jhanthrae's hand held her down, her eyes still meeting hers; she lay back again with a resigned sigh.

"Vechrons mystical resources extend to Glantri and much farther to the south; I have seen him move mountains quite literally. We can find you a way home but...," her hand reached out to gently hold the Drows hand against her chest, "...you need to be willing to bend for he is the wind." She pulled the ebony hand up and over her pale shoulder to the back of her blond head and spoke quietly, "You need to show appreciation."

Jhanthrae's eyes flared in rage; this mongrel expected her to grovel! Her hand snarled in Amilyn's hair and yanked her head painfully back, their eyes still meeting.

"No," hissed the psionicist, "Not grovel... merely adapt. Use him for what he can offer and bend to his needs. They are so simple. Just show me you can... bend."

Jhanthrae wanted nothing more than to snap her neck at that moment but controlled her rage; if she spoke the truth, which Jhanthrae thought she was, she would need them. Her breathing relaxed and she realized she would have to bend. A sudden spiteful smile came to her face and she realized she would bend indeed... but not before this trollop bent first.

She leaned back on her heels, her taunt and lean legs releasing Amilyn from her pinned position; as the half-elf sat up, she felt the painful tug on her hair as Jhanthrae slid onto her back, pulling the blond up and onto her. The Drow parted her legs wide and guided Amilyn' s blond head between her warm thighs. You will please me, she thought, her violet eyes meeting the blue ones starring down at her.

"Of course," said Amilyn huskily, her tongue snaking out and lashing Jhanthrae's rapidly moistening slit. She tittered her tinkling laughter and added, "My princess...".

She guided the larger woman and placed her eager tongue firmly upon the hood of her clitoris, hissing a silent prayer as the womans tongue went to work. Her pale arms slid under the Drows ebony legs, gently scooping one to each side of her head, her tongue and lips working diligently on her task. Jhanthrae held fast to the womans head, her teeth clenched in a primal snarl of ecstasy as her legs wrapped tight around the blond's head. She let go of her hair and reached out to either side of the bed, her hands grasping handfuls of sheets, her head lolling back as the soft and warm wave started to roll over her. Amilyn's tongue began to flutter faster, feeling that innate connection and the offset breathing of the Drow maiden.

Jhanthrae started to rotate her hips slowly, in small circles, in rhythm with the flutter of the tongue her breath now coming in small gasps still silent due to the necklace she wore. She wanted to scream at this woman, make her feel her rage and want, to have her grovel before her as she would in her own lands, a slave to her demands. Amilyn's hands slid up over the Drows onyx abdomen and farther to the elfs pert breasts; her eyes closed and concentrating on her tongues fevered pace, she pinched the priestess's nipples, causing her victims back to arch, grinding her wet quim to Amilyns's eager mouth.

Dropping a hand between her own legs, the half-elf felt her fluids running down her fingers and she promptly pushed two fingers into herself with a shudder. She began to work them in and out slowly, enjoying the pull and at the same time wishing she had something bigger, made of flesh and desire. Something to pound into her and enjoy the depraved act she took part in right now, spilling it's seed into her eager pussy and mouth. Her hand sped up as her rapidly tiring tongue continued it's fevered pace, changing often it's tempo and causing another shudder to roll through Jhanthrae as she attempted to match the beat to her rotating hips. She felt the tingle between her legs as she ran her free hand up and down the lightly muscled thigh of her prisoner.

The half-elf attempted to part the Drows thighs to insert a finger into her and felt resistance; looking up she met the dark elfs firm eyes and shaking head.

Your tongue only, thought Jhanthrae, arching her back again and Amilyn understood. Her hand now working fast between her own legs, she let her other join it; two fingers inside her while one feverishly rubbed her clitoris. 

Their bodies aligned in a steady rhythm as they moved towards the final moment of pleasure; Amilyns hands working furiously between her own legs and her tongue driving the elf to her own churning ecstasy. The half-elf started to let out a soft groan that sent shockwaves of pleasure through Jhanthrae's tender and delicate cunt and she gasped at the new feeling; the girl continued. 

The moan turned to a soft hum which built to a steady pace amongst the tongue lashing she delivered now as the Drow's hips had committed to a rocking motion against the half-elfs mouth. Jhanthrae's eyes closed hard as her eyes rolled up in the back of her head, her hand shooting to Amilyn's trapped head, a single though leaving the dark elfs brain, loud and clear.

I could snap your neck when I cum... like so many others...

They came together suddenly, Amilyn crying out almost in pain as she doubled over and Jhanthrae's orgasm only evident by her staccato breathing and arching back as her legs parted, freeing the half-elf. They lay panting, moments passing by as they caught their breath, Amilyn's head still resting between Jhanthrae's lewdly parted legs. Their eyes met and Amilyn took the cue, slowly climbing up with small kissed to the Drow's thigh, stomach and nipples until her mouth met hers and they entwined. 

The half-elf cupped the Drow's ass in one hand and her other under the dark elfs chin softly, their eyes meeting again. "Me thinks in your land," said the blond quietly, "that a death between your thighs be a fine treasure." They kissed slowly, their hands continuing to explore as early morning shifted to late afternoon...