 (Fair Warning ~ This gender swapped, action/adventure, sci-fi hentai litRPG features elements of non-consensual sex, sex with aliens, monsters and other non-humans, tentacle stuff, seduction, coercion, dominance and submission, male/female sex -well kinda, maybe however you want to classify the gender-swapped sex...on top of the violence, fantasy elements, and plot stuff... Or it may not...every chapter's a little different. If you're still in...please enjoy, and thanks for reading! ~Karin Mac)

Stage 1-4: Boss Battle

I was standing in front of Clay looking up at him expectantly. I had defeated the dungeon BOSS Birtle Toothless, he had gotten his precious extra life, it was time for his part of the deal.

"And now you want me to release your PRISONER status," he sighed heavily. "I'm sorry, Lex, I'm not going to do that."

I wish I could say I was surprised, I wasn't. Glancing back at the bed chamber where I'd just thoroughly debased myself, I felt a keen sense of humiliation. I felt stupid for trusting Clay, ashamed of the things I'd done with Birtle the ORK (things I could still taste btw), and worst of all I was still completely powerless in my situation. A rush of emotion flooded through me, further reminding me that I was trapped in this female body, as I felt my eyes brimming with tears once more.

I dropped my head and took a step away from him, fighting back the tears. I crossed my arms under my ample breasts and felt the cold air beginning to seep in. I was still wearing the red and gold bikini forced upon me by my status as CLAY'S PRISONER. It was scant and flimsy, and I wasn't sure it was any more substantial than wearing nothing at all. My boobs bulged around the meager strips of fabric making up the top, the bottoms rode extremely low on my hips and were cut to leave most of my firm, round ass cheeks on full display. I was constantly adjusting both pieces, as much because I simply could not get used to being so exposed, as because of the way every sway of my curvaceous body seemed to cause them to shift one way or another.

I felt a few frustrated tears escape to roll down my cheeks, but I refused to acknowledge them. I couldn't bring myself to look at Clay either, so I dropped my eyes to the floor and kicked absently as the loose dirt with my dainty toes.

"So, fine, what's the plan now," I asked, unable to keep the quaver out of my voice.

"It'll be dark by now," I could feel his eyes on me as he spoke. "And there are really dangerous random encounters in the jungle at night, so I think we should wait here till morning."

"Fine."

"In the morning we'll head back to the SAFE ZONE," he went on. "And discuss how we're going make our run at Gnash One-eye's fortress."

"If you say so," I replied with as little emotion as possible.

"Look, I know you're angry," he had that not-quite-apologetic tone again. "It's just, we don't really trust each other and this way you can't hurt me...I promise once we get you to the end of this stage I'll release you."

"Yeah, great," I murmured and walked over to the ramshackle throne. 

I flopped down, it was way too big for my rounded backside, designed for a Space ORK's butt. I turned sideways and hugged my legs into my chest, resting my chin on my knees. Clay made some joke about "queen of the something or other" but I ignored him. I could feel myself on edge too. My Stim points were too high, not close to MAX but high. I was keenly aware of my body, and every inch of exposed skin. Checking to make sure Clay wasn't looking, I slipped one hand between my legs to touch myself. A pleasant sensation swept through the curves of my hips, but my Stim counter didn't move.

"Fuck," I whispered to myself, realizing Clay hadn't unlocked my MASTURBATION skill yet! Which meant I was going to have sit here half horned-up until god-knows-when, or go ask my CAPTOR to let me MASTURBATE. ...Or ask him for something else.

The prospect of that small humiliation brought all my emotions flooding back. As a man I'd never felt too susceptible to my emotions, course we weren't supposed to be; "big boys don't cry" and "man up" were common sentiments. In my new female body the emotions seemed so much stronger, even overwhelming at times. The more I tried to hold them back the more powerless I felt. Before I knew it, I was bawling again. I did all I could to do to keep as quiet as possible, not wanting to add the humiliation of letting Clay see or hear me blubbering. 

I was still crying my eyes out, when I felt something lay across my shoulders. Looking up, I found Clay draping one of the blankets from Birtle's bedchamber over me. 

"What are you doing," I sniveled, wiping my cheeks even as new tears spilled down them.

"I know you must hate me right now," he said, sitting in the dirt next to the throne. "But I really am going to live up to my end of the bargain, as soon as we get you through the STAGE MISSION."

"And why do I need to be your PRISONER for that?" I whined. Hearing my voice in that high female register was strange enough, without my emotional state making me shrill and uneven. 

"Just... I don't...I guess cuz I'm just an asshole," he stammered.

"Got that right," I whimpered. The tears continued to flow, deepening my embarrassment.

The truth was, I didn't exactly blame him. Blame him for duping me, and taking me PRISONER in the first place, rather than asking for my help? Yes! Blame him for keeping me PRISONER until I had no reason to hurt him? Well, that kind of made sense. Not that I'd tell him that.

"I'm not just crying because you're a bastard, you know," I whined after a few moments of silence. 

He turned towards me. "No?"

The tears were slowing now, I was starting to compose myself a bit. I started to pull the blanket around me, then thought about Birtle wrapping himself in it, and shrugged it off onto the ground.

"I mean you are being a bastard," I said, sniffling. "But it's everything else too, being trapped in a game where everything wants to rape or molest me, not knowing if I'll ever be able to log out, and I haven't even had a great chance to learn the game, so it's all extra nerve wracking...I don't know what's going to happen to me?"

"I know what you mean," he said, sliding his arm around my shoulder. I guess I hadn't noticed him move into the throne beside me. "It's definitely freaky but it can be just as freaky IRL, don't you think? Not like you can just get an extra life out there."

"Yeah, but..."

"IRL there are no rules, anything can happen," he went on. "In here, everything is set by game mechanics, you just have to learn what they are and you can exploit them."

"Like you exploited me," I pointed out.

"Right, sorry," he started to stand.

"Wait," I sighed grabbing his arm.

He looked at me curiously, and I snatched my hand back. "You want me to stay?" he asked.

I swallowed, did I? "Yes," I replied reluctantly. "Look I'm wearing the skimpiest bikini I've ever seen, in an underground ORK lair, I'm freezing."

"I brought you the blanket."

"Sorry, if I don't want to wrap myself in a filthy ORK fuck rag," I said with a little more ire than intended. "Will you just sit here and keep me warm?"

"Of course," he sank back into the seat, and put his arm back around me.

Despite myself I leaned against his side. Once again, I became hyperaware of how delicate my feminine body felt against his rigid frame. My skin seemed to absorb the warmth of his body, and I felt myself relax a bit. There was a sensitive tingle between my thighs. Damn Stim points!

"You know," I said, wanting to change the subject. "You almost sound like you like it better in here than out there."

"Why not?" he responded quickly. "Out there I'm just some schlubby tax analyst! In here..." He swept his free arm over his perfect body. "I'm Clay the ISN AGENT, a combat specialist with a laser sword!"

"I guess you have a point," I said. "It's a tiny and miniscule point, but still..."

He laughed and said something I missed. My mind turned over his words. Would I be less freaked out by this if I wasn't trapped in a female avatar? If it all just felt like any of the games I've enjoyed playing before? I pushed the thoughts from my mind, I didn't want to be stuck in a VRG forever, no matter what avatar I was in! The uncomfortable thoughts made me squirm slightly, and when I did he hugged me a little tighter. An arousing warmth snaked lazily around my spine (StimP: 23). Fuck.

"Uhm, Clay," I began so meekly I'm surprised he heard me. 

"Yes?"

"I n-need you to..." I swallowed, feeling my cheeks flush crimson. "...unlock my skills." I couldn't look him in the face just then, but I swear I heard his smile.

"Oh," he said. "Which skill is that?"

"Nevermind!" I snapped.

He knew damn well what skill! I only had the two, and he didn't even know about the new one: TEASE. I stood up and walked to the edge of the earthen dais, hugging my chest self-consciously. I knew he'd be looking at my butt, barely covered and shaped like an upside-down heart, how could he not? The thought made me embarrassed all over again, but now in that slightly peculiar, almost fun way.

What was going on with me? Did I hate him? Was I attracted to him? Was I just horny because of my Stim points, or was there some part of me getting very comfortable in this feminine body? Distracted with my own thoughts, I jumped when I felt Clays's hands on my shoulders (StimP: 25).

"Oh did you mean your MASTURBATION skill?" I felt his warm breath blow over my neck and shoulders, and the sensation made my knees wobble (StimP: 27). "You know I could just help you with that pesky little Stim bar."

"No thank you, just unlock the skill and give me about five minutes alone." Is what I really wanted to say, however I suddenly couldn't form words as his hands moved from my shoulders to my chest. I did make some incoherent breathy murmurs, that I thought sounded protestive, but the instant his firm grip seized my plump, nubile breasts I felt myself getting wet (StimP: 30). 

I leaned back against his solid chest, as he kneaded my sensitive orbs, flooding my chest with heat (StimP: 34). Hearing myself moaning at the feel of a man's hands still felt off, confusing. Feeling the fullness of my heavy breasts in his gasp, rolling my hips to press my round, protruding backside against the growing bulge in his pants, I gave in so quickly. That's what confused me more than anything.

Kneading my boobs aggressively Clay groaned, and the vibration seemed to reverberate straight through me (StimP: 38). He scooped me up with ease, cradling me in his arms just long enough to dump me back on the throne.

"Wait, no!" I finally protested as he whisked off my bikini bottoms. There was no conviction in my objection and Clay ignored it altogether. He pushed my knees apart, and leaned down licking my smooth, hairless slit, peeling a deep moan from my plump lips (StimP: 45). 

My pussy was gushing already as he devoured it. His lips clamped around my mound, sucking me in. I felt his fine teeth nipping at the edges of my pussy lips, making me jump and quiver. Then his velvety tongue pushed through my sensitive petals, squirming around and sending shockwaves through my hips and down my legs! When that hot tongue hit my clit I orgasmed, squealing and writhing in the throne (StimP: 50). 

I was shaking as Clay dragged that tongue through my slit, over my pelvis, along my tummy, between my quivering breasts, up my throat, and then kissed me deeply. Tasting myself on his lips made my head spin. I threw my arms around his neck and returned the kiss ravenously. I moaned into his mouth as his cock slid into my pussy. I hadn't even realized he'd whipped it out. He pumped once and I MAXED (StimP: 55!). 

I cried out again, mid-kiss, climaxing and clutching him as tightly as my meager strength could manage. He moaned against my throat, as I felt a jet of hot semen flooding me. He pulled out, crumpling to a seated position at the foot of the throne. I continued to writhe on the throne, my head swimming, feeling like I was still having the orgasm. When the sensation finally subsided, I collapsed, draped limp across the throne. My toes, fingers and head were numb, and I couldn't think straight for several long minutes (StimP: 0).

I saw the now familiar CLAY HAS MAXED OUT YOUR STIM!! And YOU LOSE! Appear before me. For the first time, I didn't feel like a loser.

"Congratulations," Clay said from his seat on the floor. "You have acquired multiple orgasms!"

He chuckled. I would have laughed too but my brain still wasn't working. A male body just could not cum like that! There was definitely a part of me getting used to being a woman. Despite the skimpy clothes, the overwhelming emotions and unfamiliarity of my feminine body, somethings about it all just felt too good. Maybe that was just the post-coital bliss.

According to Clay, once you cleared a dungeon, none of the enemies respawned until you left. Still, we each took turns sleeping while the other kept watch, just in case. When morning came we left without incident. 

It was still miserable trekking back through the jungle in my skimpy bikini. I had expected to be a little tougher, after dealing with the giant bugs in the dungeon, but found that had actually made me more squeamish to every little thing I thought was crawling across my copious amounts of exposed skin. By the time we got back to the SAFE ZONE campsite, I was flustered, embarrassed and keenly aware of how often Clay was rolling his eyes at me.

I flopped onto one of the empty LOOT BOXES arranged around the dormant fire pit, grumbling to no one in particular. My feelings on the bikini were beginning to shift from embarrassed resentment, to outright hatred...and I still had the actual STAGE MISSION to get through in it.

After letting me get settled down, Clay sat opposite me and we went over the plan. He knew a way to by-pass the jungle section of the mission, another secret entrance that would get us into Gnash One-eye's fortress. However, we would still have to fight our way up three levels to Gnash's chamber for the BOSS BATTLE. The fortress was apparently crawling with ZAUKs and the more dangerous TORNOIDS as well. Information that gave me more than a little anxiety, recalling all too well their big groping hands and slimy, violating tentacles. Clay assured me it wasn't as hard as it sounded, just had to stay focused and keep our eyes peeled for BLAST PACKS because I wouldn't be able to skimp on plasma blasts this go-round.

He wanted to wait and go first thing in the morning, it was already midafternoon by the time we were ready to leave. I insisted we get moving. I had no desire to spend another night anticipating this ordeal. He accepted my decision, and we set back out into the jungle. I steeled my nerves and was much less fussy by the time we reached Gnash's fortress.

It was a huge cylindrical tower, with thick green vines crawling up the sides. The top was a massive satellite dish, which Clay assured me served no actual purpose, except that it looked cool. We circled around the facility, carefully avoiding the lookout ZAUKS positioned here and there. Luckily, Clay had committed their routes to memory.

My heart sank yet again, when we reached Clay's secret entrance. It was a garbage chute. Not only that but we would have to climb an enormous pile of garbage, then climb up that disgusting tube, to get into the tower. I looked down at my bikini clad body, chewed my bottom lip for a moment, then looked back up at Clay.

"Oh...hell...no," I said, flatly.

He sighed. "Don't be such a girl, this is the easiest, safest way in."

"I AM A GIRL, dick!" I was momentarily shocked how quickly and easily that had come out of mouth. "Look at what I'm wearing! Thanks to you no less, and you want me to go crawling through a garbage heap, then climb up that disgusting chute? No way!"

"So, you want to traipse back through the jungle, charge up about a mile of hanging platforms crawling with rapey little aliens, just because your grossed out by a little trash?"

I'm a little embarrassed at how long I fought this. Disgusting as it was, it was also obviously the better plan. So, after far too long of an argument, I gave in and crawled my scantly clad booty through the garbage pile. It was stinky, and buggy, and gross, and I got stuff on me that I didn't know what it was, and stepping my bare feet in things I didn't want to know what it was. At the top Clay boosted me into the chute and I scrambled up through a narrow, stinky, slimy disposal tube and into the fortress. I crawled out of there feeling like I was covered head-to-toe in garbage, longing for the creepy crawly underbrush of the jungle.

"See, wasn't so bad," Clay said, exiting the chute in his pants, and boots, and giant red trench coat.

I didn't bother making a reply, just shot him the most scathing glare I could manufacture. 

He shrugged and drew his LAZER BLADE. "This way."

We ran into a pair of ZAUKS rounding the very first bend in the hall. Clay cut them down and we kept moving. We didn't make it far before running into another pair. We pulled up short, and I leveled my PLASMA PISTOL blasting one (CHG: 7) as Clay charged the other. Suddenly a door opened on either side of the hallway, each releasing a ZAUK. They barked their usual greeting at me ("Nice tits!"). I lifted my gun and blasted the one on the left (CHG: 6). Unfortunately, that left me completely open to the one on the right. He grabbed me, and immediately began groping my breasts with those oversized hands (HP: 49, StimP: 8). The instant he let me go, Clay was back, cutting him in half. 

The hallway ended at an elevator, and when we hit the button the doors hissed open unleashing two snarling ZAUKS and a tentacle-armed TORNOID! My stomach lurched seeing the mutant emerge. Before we could attack two more doors opened behind us again, releasing two more ZAUKS. This time Clay rushed the closer two, and I took aim at the advancing three. I blasted the TORNOID and it recoiled, squealing in pain (CHG: 5). I was able to pop one of the ZAUKS too (CHG: 4). By then the third was close enough to clock me right in the face (HP: 47). I turned him into a shower of pixels (CHG: 3), only to feel the TORNOIDS tentacles coiling around my ribs. Repulsed, I cried out as the tip of each tentacle snaked under my bikini top, wrapping around my boobs! They squeezed, squirming over my nipples, spreading unwelcome tingles throughout my chest (HP: 43, StimP: 18). I dropped to my knees when he released me, just as Clay rushed past, making short work of the MOB. When the TORNOID popped it dropped a BLAST PACK.

Clay kicked it over to me and we got on the elevator. I recharged my PLASMA PISTOL (CHG:7). We shared a look, each knowing that that level hadn't gone very well. I readjusted my top, feeling tentacle residue still covering my chest.

There were two TORNOIDS waiting when the doors opened. One immediately whacked Clay and he was STUNNED! I dodged a whipping tentacle, blasted one and it staggered backwards (CHG: 6). I spun towards the other, just as it whacked me (HP: 36)! I staggered as a ring of stars appeared around my head, I was STUNNED! Before the TORNOID could get to me though, Clay recovered, hitting it with his throwing knives and splitting it in half with his LAZER BLADE. Almost immediately, Clay was hard pressed dodging the attacks of the other. Fortunately, I recovered, blasting the MOB and destroying it (CHG: 5). It dropped another BLAST PACK too (CHG: 9).

We continued up the hallway killing another group of four ZAUKS with no incident (CHG: 7). At the end of the hall was another elevator and two more TORNOIDS. I was STUNNED by another hard hit during the fight (HP: 29). Clay kept them off me until I recovered, and we put them both down (CHG: 5). 
