 ~3~

"Greetings your Majesty, I have brought you the visitors." announced Ceshca in Keneenean as the gaurds allowed she and the newcomers entrance into the thrown room. 

"Good, well done." replied the King, motioning for her to take a seat next to him. Neo and Cookie showed much respect towards the King and his daughter, while the others could have cared less.

"You all must leave Keneena at once!" came Father sternly. It had been many many years since he had had the misfortune of seeing a surface dweller find Keneena. The last visitor had tried to steal the Orange crystal from the city. 

"But sir, might we stay just one week? To uh rest, resupply, be ready to travel again. It has taken us many months to find this place. We are low on many things." Stone requested softly. Father rubbed his beard thoughtfully, his eyes looking into this stranger's trying to find something, puzzled by this man's sudden persistance. 

"One week... that is all." decreed Father with a wave of his hand.

"Why thank you so much your Majesty, thank you so very much." smirked Stone as he and his crew backed out of the thrown room. Ceshca followed them silently. She assigned each of the guests to a room. She even allowed Neo, after much pleading and coaxing on his part, to accompany her while she went about her palace tasks. He was so fascinated by this woman that he couldn't resist a chance to simply talk with her, learn from her.

"So do you have a nickname?" he asked.

"Yes. It is Ceshca." the girl answered simply.

"And, where are we going?" inquired the man as he trailed behind the princess.

"We are going to the historical rooms." Ceshca replied pushing open one of the big double doors in the hall that they were walking in. The sun was just setting so Ceshca began to light the many torches that lined the walls as they walked threw the numerous corridors and pillared hallways, some were on the stone walls while others were standing on tables.

"What are you talking about this entire palace is covered in history!" Neo said suddenly as he realized that there were certain walls that were covered in Keneenean script, the light revealing them as they went. While they walked Neo noticed that one of the brightest lights was that of the crystal that rested deliciously at the crest of her breasts, he felt himself grow hard. Pushing his body's instincts asside he asked, "What is that?" pointing the the necklace.

"It is the orange crystal of life and love." she gave him a smile that made him think that she was laughing at him, as if he should have known this piece of information already. She stopped lighting the torches and let the light of the crystal be their guide. It glowed a bright almost neon color without the assistance of other light.

"Ah, here we are." said Ceshca cheerfully as she led him threw a massie door, the inner room was made of uninterrupted limestone, in the center of the floor there was a rectangular pool cut into it. The orange light bounced off of the white walls as they approached the pool. Ceshca casually removed her skirt, revealing tone thick thighs, lovely legs and small feet, she merely wore a g-string thong nearly bringing Neo to his knees right then and there; wading into the pool she turned to him.

"You do swim, right?" she asked softly. Neo managed to nod his response as he removed his shirt and pants, his cheeks flushed a bright red as he hoped that she had not noticed his erection, quickly he got into the water with her. The cool water helped to bring his body tempature down a bit, making him less nervous. Ceshca smiled at him, eyeing his lean but toned body.

"Take a deep breathe then." she instructed.

Inhaling they both dove beneath the surface of the still water, they swam for a short distance, she led him to a small pocket of air so that they could catch their breathe. Then diving she led him to a small square pool similar to the first one that they had entered, again the room that surround the pool of massive and made entirely of limestone. Ceshca's crystal lit the black hall.

"Where are we?" he asked as they climbed out of the pool.

"We are in the Temple of Light. One of the oldest temples ever built by my people." answered Ceshca as they gazed up at the high walls. Neo realized that the Keneenean script had been etced with pure gold!

"How many rooms are there?" he asked.

"There are two, this room that we are in is the first..."Ceshca explained, "this room speaks about my great great great great grandfather and how he founded Keneena." she continued as they walked into the next room. "And, these walls speak of his queen and how she started our religious beliefs." finished Ceshca.

"What else does it say?" asked Neo. The girl studied the stone for a moment, she was walking slowly along when she discovered a small hole in the wall.

"What's that?" exclaimed Neo as he spotted it.

"I don't know Neo." Ceshca moved towards it and upon an sudden pang of instinct fitted her crystal into the slot, it slipped perfectly. Instantly the walls script burst into the same orange color.

"Oh wow!" came Neo as the color extended from her crystal outwards across the entire south wall. The princess gave a yip in surprise and jumped backwards, Neo caught her before she had a chance of falling.

"It speaks of a crystal that is the source of Keneena's life, it protects us in times of danger and great need." she read part of the wall.

"What is this great crystal called?"

"It says, the Soul of Keneena."

~4~

All was well for the first few days while the strangers visited Keneena, until Father began questioning Stone further about his intentions and plans, reminding the commander that he could stay so long as he and his crew remained peaceful and willing to abide by the laws. Cookie and Neo took great care at respecting the King's wishes so that they could study the ancient city to their hearts content. Ceshca was in the temple of Ishka (God) saying her morning prayers when she sensed that someone was stalking her.

"What do you want?" she asked sharply into the empty air.

"Tell me where the Soul is?" Stone's deep menacing voice whispered threw the early morning air. A chill ran threw the princess as she felt his slow approach from behind her. She turned her big green eyes up towards his face.

"You know I will never give you what you want, the Soul is our's, my people depend upon it to live." she bit out, "If I ever did I would then be forced to kill you." 

"Tell me! You little bitch!" he burst, grabbing her by the forearm.

"You dare to touch me!" growled the princess. Stone yanked her up and against his chest, his eyes gleamed with an unatural glee.

"Why don't you cry out for help?" his voice was soft, gentle in a taunting sexual manner.

"Because I am not afraid of you. If you choose to defile me at least take me out of the Holy Temple of Ishka, do not shame me in this place." she stared back at him with an icely glare of defiance.

"Fine let's take you outside slut." Stone nearly groaned with sexual impatience as he towed her towards the massive double door entrance.

"But Stone, you have forgotten something." Ceshca said cooly.

"Oh have I?" he snapped.

"I have not finished my morning prayers." she returned easily.

Stone thrust her away from his trembling heated body, cursing her silently as she tumbled to the floor, she caught herself with her palms braced against the marble floor. Stone towered above her, his eyes blazing with eager lust and fascination, leaning down to her he pressed his lips to her ear while cupping her breast in his big palm; kneading it roughly.

"Then I will be seeing you later, now won't I." he hissed into her ear, plucking her bejeweled nipples, his breath hitched once he realized that they were pierced. Ceshca whimpered in disgrace and pain at his pinching invasion. She pried herself away from his grasp in time to hear a blood curtling screaming hiss blast them from behind, Stone whipped about his eyes coming face to face with Kela, the big cat was crouched and ready to slauter him, it's eyes aglow with hate her teeth bared. 

The man's face went white with fear as he sidestepped the beast and ran from the temple in his escape. Kela relaxed once he and gone, giving a sorrowful meow she went to Ceshca, rubbing and pawing lovingly at her, curling her face and tail about the princess in a comforting embrace. Ceshca began to cry as she threw her arms about her feline's powerful neck, hugging tightly, holding on for dear life.

"Oh, Kela I love you! Thank you girl." she managed between sniffs and sobs. The leopard began to purr trying to comfort and console her master as she trembled against the creature, bathing her neck and face with her big soft tongue.

Later that night Ceshca awoke suddenly to a figure standing over her bed, gripping the dagger that she ahd stashed beneath her pillow.

"Who's there?" she asked deadly.

"Relax Ceshca. It's me, Neo."

"Neo, is it really?" she lit a small oil lamp that hung beside her bed. When Neo's face came to view in the soft light she wanted to weep with joy and relief.

"Yes, it is me. I heard rumors today of Stone hurting you, Jones was stupid enough to almost brag about it in front of the other men." said Neo gently, his voice went steely at mention of Stone. He came around to sit on the side of the bed with the princess. Ceshca immediately nearly climbed right into his lap in her desperate need for comfort and trust, to feel another human being against her, holding her, sheltering her, protecting her.

"What's this for?" Neo whispered as he instinctively wrapped his arms about her nearly nude form, the lace slip that she was wearing as pajamas barely covered her lovely body. She was nuzzling her face into the hair of his chest, making tiny noises of sighs and mews as if she longed to be comforted and touched in a gentle way.

"How did you find out?" Ceshca asked softly.

"Well Jones was being the bitch that she is, wanting to prove how tough she was by mouthing off about herself and Stone, then she started bad mouthing you, calling you all sorts of names and hurtful things. I left at once to find out the truth, I was on my way here when I ran into Veshna, she was with Meadasha in the Temple of Ishka. I asked if she knew anything and she spilled the entire story; just as you had admitted to her." answered Neo honestly, his arms tightened as he thought of anyone wanting to harm the princess... his princess.

"Neo, Stone said that he would come for me tonight." Ceshca said, her entire body trembled with fear and he could feel it as if it were a living thing, her eyes were wide, her breathing was quick and short.

"I won't let him hurt you Ceshcaclameshcama, I swear it. I will protect you. Does your father know? How can I help?" Neo stroked her long locks lovingly, his heart and chest swelled with desire but also the need to take care of her, to keep her safe.

"Come, let's go to the temple of light." she said, taking his hand in her's. Snatching the dagger from beneath her pillow, they were ready to sneak out when Veshna came running into her room.

"Veshna what is it dear child?" exclaimed Ceshca as she picked up on her little sister's distress immediately.

"Ishka gave me a dream!" she panted, Meadasha came bounding after the young girl.

"Speak child." coaxed the princess.

"He told me that Stone was going to kill father!" Veshna nearly shouted,"that he was going to take Keneena and then do the same to Atlantis!"

"Shhhhhhh little one." Ceshca quieted the girl.

"What the hell? How can Atlantis and Keneena have anything in common? They aren't even in the same ocean." blurted Neo, his boggled mind was having trouble putting things together, facts verses history books and ancient scrolls. 

"Atlantians are our ancient cousins, we are at least 600 years older then Atlantis." Ceshca replied distractedly.

"How far is Atlantis from Keneena? Families rarely live too far from one another." Neo couldn't believe his ears! Atlantis and Keneena!

"Mmmm roughly 100 miles from the other side of the northern mountains."

"Veshna, what else was in your vision?"

"Stone wants to steal the crystals, the Soul and the Heart, to use for his own greed and profit." answered the young princess.

"The cities won't last more then a few years if the crystals are taken from us!" realised Ceshca, her fear being reawakened anew.

"What do we do?" asked Neo.

"We must warn Atlantis and father. Before Stone discovers where the crystal is hidden." answered Ceshca hurriedly, she left them in a rush, the two followed to keep up. Ceshca ran to the royal stables, her orange pendent lit the darkened stalls with it's soft glow.

"Why are we here? Shouldn't we be going to your father?" asked Neo uncertainty in his voice.

"I'll take my filly, Riamacike (Ria-make-ich) to Atlantis." replied Ceshca.

"Ria hello beautiful." spoke Ceshca softly, not wanting to scare the animal awake. A black Arabian horse poked it's lovely small head out of it's stall window. Ceshca opened the door and led the young filly out into the isle.

The orange light revealed a jet black Arabian/Apoloosa mix, her small form was her Arab blood, but a white cap covering her rump, sparatic splotches of gray/white patterned the inside of the white cap. 

"That's a strange color of Arabian." commented Neo.

"Her father was an Apoloosa and her mother was an Arabian." expained Ceshca quickly. She slipped a silver bridle over her horse's face.

~5~

"I have sent messangers to Atlantis to fetch princess Leilaamenata (Lay-lah-me-not-ah). Leila is my best friend." Ceshca said as she helped Veshna mount Ria, "Kela, Ria, and Veshna will take the long way to the Temple of Light, but you and I will swim."

Veshna took up the reins and coaxed Ria into a trot with Kela on her heels. Ceshca took Neo by the hand and ran all the way to the first pool, with only the crystal to light their way. The pair jumped in and swam to the temple of light with all haste.

"Quick, help me find that notch in the wall." instructed the princess as the dark room was filled with the crystal light. Neo began feeling along the wall nearest to him. It took a few moments but suddenly he cried out, "Here, here it is!" his voice echoed off of the walls. Ceshca slipped her crystal into the hole, watching the script light up, she then withdrew the crystal to place it around her neck once more. As she did so, there suddenly was a loud noise that sounded beneath their feet, as a staircase opened up near the smaller pool. Veshna walked into the room a few minutes later, Kela at her side. 

Ceshca and Veshna went to the stairs and began to descend, Neo at their backs. 

"How soon will Leila be here?" asked Ceshca.

"Anytime now." answered the younger girl.

"How is that possible?" asked Neo.

"Atlantians have the power of flying machines Neo, small aircraft that uses that power of the crystal." Ceshca answered his puzzled face.

The three friends came to the bottom of the spiral stairs, awestruck at their discovery. A pool of unknown depth sat in the middle of the encloser, and above it nearly one thousand feet hung the largest orange crystal Ceshca had ever seen! It was encircled by several slabs of limestone, etched into the outer surface of each was the face of men and women. Ceshca and Veshna approached a few steps before entering the water, dropping to their knees the girls bowed and began murmuring praises and prayers of respect and honor. Neo merely gazed upwards in utter shock and amazement, he couldn't believe what his eyes were seeing. The Soul of Keneena hung right over his head, with twenty limestone etchings of the former kings and queens of Keneena's past; just like the ancient tablets had foretold.

"Ceshca! Ceshca where are you?" a young female vice called from the upper room.

"We are down here." answered Neo.

A young woman about Ceshca's age came down the stairs. Neo hitched in a breathe, she was every bit as attractive as Ceshca. Leila was taller by seveal inches, her form was slimmer and more muscled, deep blue eyes met his as she approached. Her blonde hair was straight and wispy as she stopped near Neo.

"And you are?" her eyebrow raised in curious suspicion.

"I am Neo Livingston, I am a historian and explorer, I'm a friend of Ceshca's."

"Ah. Damn explorers." cursed the Atlantian. She stepped forward and gave the Keneenean salute of willing obediance in respectful homage to the Soul of Keneena, whispering in a complex dialect which Neo assumed was Atlantian. Leila wore a long tapered sky blue skirt and a matching crop tank top bra. Orange and red detailed the outfit.

"Leila!" exclaimed Ceshca and Veshna once they had finished their prayers, rushing to their friend the three woman embraced, kissing each other on the cheek.

"What is wrong? The messangers told me it was urgant." asked Leila.

"His leader is wanting to destroy our two cities and take them to do his geedy biding." Veshna pointed a finger at Neo.

"I knew it." muttered Leila in Atlantian, Neo picked up on the phrase, Atlantian had a very different flavor, it was textured, rougher then Keneenean.

"My great great great grand mother prophecied about this happening again. She spoke of two princesses saving thier homes from a evil wonderer." supplied Leila quickly. 

"Come we must warn my father!" Ceshca said.

"No wait. I think you should wait to see what this Stone is really up to." suggested Leila.

"Why, we know he is going to do harm." Neo jumped in the conversation eagerly.

"But do you have any proof? You know Keneenean law. A ruler can not acurately accuse and exile a criminal unless there is substantial evidence of trechery. As much suspician as his Majesty Montinmma has for your group of explorers, he has granded them safety here until they leave. If we can show that Stone is a slimey bastard then Montinmma will be forced to banish or even execute him." the Atlantian said.

"It's true Neo, there must be proof." sighed Ceshca sadly.

"Would you be willing to go through it again Ceshca?" asked Neo, he came closer and wrapped his arms protectively around her. Leila's eyes widened with surprise.

"What has happened to Ceshca?"

"Stone wants to uh.... defile her." Neo tried to think of a word other then rape, because he couldn't bear to say it outloud himself.

"No! Never! Such a crime has never happened in either city!" exclaimed Leila.

"But if we are to show clear undeniable evidence." whispered Ceshca.

"No Ceshca!" shouted Leila in Atlantian, her fear and pain for her friend leaping to the forefront.

"Come let's get Ceshca back to the palace. There we will be safe with the guards, and we can rest and think on what should be done." suggested Neo.

Veshna nodded and helped her sister and friends back up the staircase.

~6~

The next morning Ceshca woke to the fragrances of cinnimon, sage, mint, pine, and bark. Wiggling slightly she turned over.

"Wait! Hold very still princess, just one more minute." a familiar voice directed. Ceshca smiled, it was her friend and royal artist, Zilatamatikma (Zil-ah-tao-may).

"What are you doing here this early?" murmured Ceshca sleepily.

"Painting you sleeping highness." replied the painter. 

"Oh let me see!" cried the girl enthusiastically as she sprang out of her bed and scurried over to where the painter had his esile on the balcony. Her orange lace nightie left nothing to the imagination as she gazed at the painting admiring his work. Zila merely looked at his friend, this was typical morning behavior for her, bursting with energy and rested. He ran his eyes wistfully up and down her lushes curves but remained silent, she was out of his reach, plus he was already married to another going on 15 years now; but he admired her with an artist fanciful imagination even still.
