 ~7~

The Keneenean princess made her way to the Temple of Ishka early the next morning, just as the horizons were beginning to fade from night to pastel pinks, yellows, and oranges. Her heart was thrumming as she recalled yesterday's impulsive wanton events, her skin grew warm even though the early air was yet cool. Ceshca knew that she had been reckless and stupid to do such a thing, letting her libido drive her emotions and her body, but then again she had not expected to discover a true partner out of the ordeal, a mate. Neo had been the gentler of the two men and the young woman had been drawn to his carefully thoughtful ways; her needs before his own.

"Leila, oh good morning Leila!" Ceshca geeted her Atlantian friend rather cheerfully, her cheeks were flushed and her eyes sparkled. Leila was praying her morning prayers to Ishka as well, and a few of the Atlantian gods.

"Good morning Ceshca, why are you especially happy this beautiful morning?" asked Leila as she rose from her kneeling position.

"I found a way to keep Stone away from me." answered Ceshca.

"Oh?"

"I gave up my virginity the other day."

"You what!"

"Yes, and it was magnificent."

Leila shook her head sadly, "Ceshca that won't deter the Commander. Maybe now he will persue you even more readily then before. And what of his right-hand, Jones?"

"What do you mean Leila, he wanted me because I was an untouched virgin, right?"

"Yes he did, but now you literally just made his raping you easier then you can imagine, if he ever get's ahold of you that is. Who was it?"

"It was Pita." returned Ceshca softly.

"Pita, your father's bodygaurd, Pita."

Ceshca nodded, "And Neo."

"And Neo!" blanched Leila, "You had them both. Ceshca." groaned Leila in a pained tone, she might have expected one or the other, but both!

"Well then I guess you will have two dogs trailing your six now huh." the Atlantian muttered, her voice was sarcasm amix with uncertainty.

"Mmmm." agreed Ceshca as she silently bowed her head and said a prayer to Ishka.

Leila waited for her friend to finish, then the tow women walked to Veshna's room in the southern archway.

"Veshna, come child we must go to breakfast." knocked Leila. It was the only time at breakfast that the two sister's had a chance to spend time with their father, unless he called them because he was always busy running the affairs of the kingdom.

Veshna opened her door, revealing a bright eyed young girl, she wore a skirt and a sleeved top.

"I'm ready." she said with a smile. Meadasha trailed behind them as they made thir way to the dining hall. Again Stone and some of the crew were seated at the table, Ceshca assumed Father was just being nice the last few days of the visitor's stay.

Everyone was enjoying the warm meal of oats, bread and juice. When a server stopped by Father's side, whispering into hs ear. Father grimaced, a look at tension crossed his eyes as he sat is goblet of milk down.

"Guests... daughters', I'm so sorry to have to leave you, but there is a dispute that I must help settle." he announced to the table as he stood up. He glanced lovingly at his two girls' then moved swiftly towards his thrown room. Everyone looked at each other, knowing that it had all been just for Father's sake that no one killed each other, in his presence.

Ceshca felt Stone's fingers reaching to pet her thigh, just as everyone had resummed munching. Her steely eyes looked up, without warning she launched herelf at him in a oncomming attack; knocking him back into the marble hard floors. On her first try she nearly cracked his skull on the merciless floors, stunned it took the audience a entire thirty seconds to move or make a sound.

"Ceshca no!" cried Leila.

"Pita!" Neo yelled, whipping his head around to where the guard stood motionless at the entry way. Stone had caught the girl's dagger filled hand seconds before he had struck the ground, it was apparent that he had all of the brute strength, yet still no one moved to assist her.

"Someone do something!" Neo nearly screamed.

"She started it." Leila said in a low monotoned voice. Humor was no where to be found in her words as she watched her friend's wrestling match. The knife made a horrible clanking noise as it hit the floor, Stone had nearly broken the princess's wrist in order to get the dagger away from his throat. Pita wanted to help, but Ceshca was his commanding officer and the princess, she only wanted assistance when she wanted it; she was a warrior at heart.

Her cry of pain echoed but Stone clasped her mouth closed with his massive paw. She twisted and writhed, attempting to dislodge the big man, Jones was trying to get in on the fight but couldn't with all of the flailing arms and legs. Ceshca managed to elbow Stone in the side, but he refused to let her go. His grunt of discomfort told her that she had buised him. 

"Listen you little wench! I want you. I'll get you to tell me where the crystals are, even if I have to fuck it out of you." he muttered darkly into her ear, just loud enough for her to hear.

Snarling she thrust her head back and knocked him square in the face, a loud snap proceeded it as his nose broke.

"Ahhhhhhfuck!" he cried out, instantly releasing Ceshca in order to cup at his damaged face. He lashed out at her as she was making her escape, slicing her face with her own dagger.

A squeak of pain came from the princess as she rushed out of the way, her fingers instantly drawn to the sight of the pain, her palm came away covered in blood.

~8~

"Gaurds take them!" she ordered as she found freedom, her voice was thick with the Keneenean language. Just before the princess collapsed to the floor. Gaurds surrounded the visitors and herded them to the palace prison. Neo's eyes never left Ceshca as he went with the crew, Ceshca hardly acknowledged him.

Leila was at her side instantly, hands raised up as she scolded her friend yet her voice barely carried over the shocked and surprised crew members as they left.

Veshna had a look of utter fear and uncertainty on her young face as she approached her sister. 

"I know I know!" Ceshca growled at her friend, as Leila snapped her displeasure at her. 

"Take Veshna and watch her." commanded Ceshca, her voice was strong and defiant.

Leila raised her lip in curious frustrartion, but she listened to her friend. Taking Veshna by the hand the Atlantian princess took her to her room. Ceshca turned to Pita as she watched her baby sister leave threw the main entrance.

"Princess, you must have a Cleaplata." he whispered to her.

"What, why?" she looked at him, eyebrows drawn together in frustration.

"It is the only way to settle the disgrace that Stone has brought on you. Your Father will finally know the truth for what it really is, he'll banish the strangers and the crystal will be safe once more." explained the bodygaurd.

Ceshca frowned at him as if his suggestion held no weight, he watched her, hoping that she would take his advice. Deep in thought the princess murmured,

"Maybe Pita, maybe. But to hold it with Stone, never." she left him, following in the direction that Leila had gone. Pushing the heavy double doors open she found Leila and Veshna sitting on her round bed, Meadasha being petted as they chatted.

"Cehsca you are the stupidest princess there ever was in Keneena." came Leila.

"What was that Ceshca?" Veshna's voice sounded small and timid for the first time since she was a younger child.

"I'm not sure why I attacked Stone, impulsive anger and fear, maybe. But now Pita has suggested that I hold a Cleaplata with him." the princess informed her friends.

"What! No." hitched Leila, her eyes widened with disbelief, "Me, do it with me Ceshca, don't disgrace your Father in front of the kingdom by challenging a total stranger to these lands."

"True. But there will need to be a third player." mused Ceshca.

"Me." Veshna said excitedly.

"Hush, you know you are not of age yet Veshna!" Ceshca's tone was firm but understanding; the age required that players be at least 18 years of age. Ceshca came over to the bed and sat down with her companions.

"What of Rilana?" suggested Veshna.

"The Middledon princess. Oh Veshna, you know she would have to best her brother first." returned Leila, she got up from the bed and went to soak a cloth in some warm water.

"That may be, but she is the only other one that can do the Cleaplata, Leila. Our parents certainly would not do it, not now. They are too aged." Veshna insisted. Leila returned holding a small cup of clean water as she casually began to dabe at Ceshca's injured cheek.

"Ahh, she's right Leila. Rilana would agree to it, having known the crystal legends herself. Her people are just as important as our two larger cities are, her mother bonded with the Middle crystal before she was born." winced Ceshca as fresh bloos seeped from the wound while Leila pressed against it with the damp clothe. The three girls were silent for a moment allowing the Atlantian to clean and press a gooey pultice into the wound making the Keneenean fidget in pain and discomfort.

"Will you and Veshna fetch Rilana?" asked Ceshca as Leila returned from cleansing her hands.

"Of course, we could be back by tonight, if we left now." replied Leila. Veshna ran to her dressing closet, returning soon with two heavy dark cloaks. Leila accepted her's with a smile, then threw it about her shoulders.

"What will you do?"

"I need to speak with Neo. I'll do it while you are gone." Ceshca said as she escorted them out onto the main limestone floored courtyard circle of Keneena. It was a large slab of limestone etched with Keneenean script and paintings, it was the first thing people saw before entering the palace. Leila's flying machine sat in the center of it where she had landed earlier. The craft was no bigger then a medium sized boulder, it had Atlantian etchings and words on it's haul and fin shaped wings. 

As they came to the manual seat, Leila assisted Veshna with climbing in, then she placed her glowing blue crystal into the slot that was near the front of the seat, instantly the craft lit up the etchings in icy blue, the same as her crystal color and the aircraft began to hover about 3 feet off of the limestone surface.

"Oh!" exclaimed Veshna in surprise, it was her first time in an Atlantian aircraft.

"Be safe, both of you." Ceshca hugged Leila tightly.

"Ceshca, what if Father doesn't see that there is more going on then just the Cleaplata?" Veshna asked, her face full of worry as she looked down at her sister.

"Then we will just have to find another way to stop Stone." answered Leila darkly, as she climbed into the pilot's seat.

Ceshca took a step back, safely away from them.

"Travel swiftly, return in peace." Ceshca waved to them as she watched Leila steer the craft a few feet higher before engaging the forward momentum drive. Veshna's squeals of delight and joy made Ceshca smile as she watched them depart across the city.

~9~

"What is a-a Clea... plata?" Neo asked as he and Ceshca sat in her balcony, later that day. The princess had gone to the prison after Leila and Veshna had left, taking Neo to her room to explain what was going on.

"Cleaplata (Clee-ah-plah-tah) is a game of stategy and skill. It is preformed by the royals for the entertainment and approval of the people." replied Ceshca gently.

"So its festival of sorts?" Neo searched desperately for a way to identify and compare this culture with some that he already knew.

Ceshca nodded.

"So how does Stone tie into all of this? I fail to see how your Father will learn of anything by watching you and your girlfriends get in the ring together." Neo mused.

"I will tell Father that I attacked Stone and threw him in prison because I saw in him a threat, and I will suggest that Stone be allowed to watch the Cleaplata. That way if he says or tries anything Father will be there to witness the man's intentions for himself." Ceshca answered confidently.

"And what if Stone remains silent, he's not dumb." Neo pointed out. 

"Don't worry Neo." smiled the princess.

Leila and Veshna did return later that evening with Rilana. Now all four girls were in a big rush to get ready for the Cleaplata that Father had arranged for them after hearing Ceshca's reasoning for the festival game. Ceshca's room was in controled chaos as the four ran around getting dressed and painted. Leila and Rilana had on blue outfits, Leila's was a blue bikkini top with a mini-skirt, the front of open ebing only tied together by the belt that made up the top portion of the skirt, her lace panties flashed whenever she took at step. Rilana's was identical except it held green spirals and leaf patterns as the design. Ceshca wore her orange bikkini, her top was firm and supported while her skirt was more of a belt then a skirt, brightly braided tassels made up the skirted portion of it. Each girl wore light-weight sectional body armor, designed to allow maximum movement but still protect the vital parts of the body.

They wore eyeliner and mascara, blue for Atlantis, orange for Keneena, and a blue-purple for Middledon. Footwear was not allowed in the actual Cleaplata, the girls' crystals glowed brightly as they made their way towards the dining hall. They were announced as they entered, a roaring cheer arose from the table as they appeared. Father sat at the head of the table while dozens of court offcials and advisors sat at the table with there wives and children, Stone sat stunned by the beautiful trio. Outside a near defening cry rang forth as the Keneenean people heard the three women had entered the dining hall. It was tradition for the combatants to finish getting ready in front of their main audience, so the girls braided their long hair while the dining table went back to eating, talking, laughing, gesting, and drinking. Zila held the paint bowls for the princesses as they drew their symbols and scripts on the portions of skin that were exposed, this took time because then the paint had to dry and set. Ceshca noticed that Stone would glance her way often, eyes heated with lust and passion, but she knew it wasn't enough to alarm her Father.

Once the grand meal was over, the crowds follow the three princesses into the small corridor that then opened up into a small arena. The arena could hold all of the people of the city and then some. Ceshca, Leila, and Rilana went to the center of the circle. Ceshca loved the feel of the soft white sands beneath her feel, as it squeezed between her toes like a cushion. This would be her fourth Cleaplata in her life, and she hadn't lost yet. The competitors waited patiently while the guests seated themselves, Zila came from another small entranceway on the north side of the arena, carrying something on a long silver tray. Leila's father, the King of Atlantis had showed up at the last minute for the game.

Over 300 eyes were glued on the three women as the walked over to the grand stand where the elder rulers sat, each giving her traditonal show of respect and honor to the two kings. They then turned and walked across the soft cool sands to where Zila stood. Upon the long silver tray that he held out to them, there were three daggers. A Keniile (Kè-neel-è) a Zyeilth(Zee-lth) and a Veincht(Vin-cht). All were native to their kingdoms, crafted for just this game. Ceshca took up the Keniile, Leila the Zyeith, and Rilana the Veincht. The three fighters returned to the center of the field, then removed their skirts, revealing their beauty and grace. Stone's mouth dropped to the floor as he watch the girls, he didn't know this was a nearly nude contest. But no one else around him seemed to be bothered one way or another by this display.

"Am I the only one getting a boner over this?" he whispered to Neo. 

"I think so." Neo lied, Ceshca was stunning and frightening to see, and he couldn't take his gaze off of her as the three began to circle one another.

"Let the Cleaplata begin!" Father shouted loud and clear. A thunderous roar of approval replied to him.

Ceshca used the butt of her dagger to bruise Leila's wrist as the other girl attempted to break the circle with a frontal swipe of her weapon.

"Ahhh" she cried in surprise at Ceshca's speed and acuracey. As Leila stumbled Ceshca was wrapped around her in an instant narrowly missing Rilana's own blade as the third girl leapt to take advantage of Ceshca's distraction. Leila attempted to thrust the Keneenean over her right shoulder but Ceshca clung to her back and neck like a leech.

"So what are the rules to this love affair?" Stone asked Neo sarcastically, his eyes never leaving the small form of the Keneenean princess.

"Any one can play that thinks they have a chance at winning. The way you win is if you can corner or disarm your opponent, hence they will have no other move left to them except to admit defeat." explained Neo, just as Ceshca had Leila pinned, Rilana knocked Ceshca aside and began to attack viciously.

"Sounds kind of kinky, actually." murmured the Commander. Sounds of metal striking metal echoed and then quickly died as the audience screamed and cried their delight. Rilana and Ceshca were locked in a wrestling match on the ground, but trying to dislodge the each other's daggers. Leila regained her feet and rushed them, a cry on her lips as she pounced at the two. Ceshca hissed horribly so, she lurched backwards so that Leila would land on Rilana instead of sandwiching her between them. Leila slammed into Rilana, rolling several feet across the sands, the impact knocked their daggers free of their hands. Ceshca crouched low, her eyes steady and dangerous as she saw what had happened, she smiled and remained still as the other two climbed to their feet.

"So easy. Do you give up?" Ceshca smirked as her opponents realized that their weapons were closer to the Keneenean then they had hoped.

Leila and Rilana glanced at each other, then rushed Ceshca as one.

"Ah!" Ceshca cried as the two body slammed her straight back, knocking her to the floor they pinned her arms to the floor. Ceshca flailed for a few moments in protest as Leila asked her if she would surrender. A spark of fire lit Ceshca's eyes as defeat was suggested to her so quickly.

"Never." she growled, rocking her hips, she brought her knees nearly back to her head and wrapped them around the girls' neck as fast as she could. Throwing them down merely with the strength of her knees and thighs. Ceshca coughed and sputtered as she tried to regain her own air, standing she saw that she had knocked the wind out of Leila and Rilana too. Clasping her stomach painfully, Ceshca made herself limp over to where the other two daggers lay in the sand. 

The crowd was wild, frenzied with excitement as she picked up the daggers. She slammed Rilana's dagger to the hilt deep in the sand so it could not be moved, then as she turned to go back to her opponents Rilanna lept onto her back from behind.

Ceshca managed to get her arm about the girl's neck and wield her high over her own shoulder, throwing her down onto the hard ground. Rilana's scream of pain wrenched from her as her body almost bounced from the force of the impact. Leila was still trying desperately to shake the dizziness from her clouded mind as she watched Ceshca thrust Rilana to the sands, her attempts meant her crawling to try and reach the Keliine that the Keneenean had dropped.

"Ha!" Ceshca said with pure victory on her lips as she snatched up her own dagger and the Zyeilth, poising them at the girls necks.

"Do you admit defeat?" she asked, her eyes darting from Leila then to Rilana.

"Yes." Leila panted with exhaustion.

Rilana frowned her displeasure but still she nodded as Ceshca's eyes met her's. Ceshca snatched all three weapons up, standing she faced the crowd and raised her arms high above her head in triumph; her smile spoke volumes as the audience cheered and screamed her name. Father and the Atlantian king nodded in approval as she came closer to the thrown stands.
