 ~2~

Ceshca and her scouts followed the visitors for three days once they found their location- she learned all of the strangers ranks, positions, and occupations. They called themselves explorers of the deep. The commanding officer, Mark Stone was a strict and rough man with the men that were under him. His first officer was a young girl about Ceshca's age, Kelly Jones was what she was called; pretty but annoyingly snappy with the men, being that she was the only female in this group of nearly twenty people. Ceshca could understand what Jones was going through, being that she herself was the Captain of her father's personal guard, showing no fear or female emotion was the only way to keep orderly respect amongst a group of highly trained men. There were two men that captured the princess's interest greatly so, as she and the scouts trailed the group day by day. A father and son, duo, the older gentleman was in his midfifties and his son appeared to be in his midtwenties. The father was called Cookie, for some strange reason, while his son's name was Neo. Ceshca and her scouts thought that these strangers had such short meaningless names, yet they had to be called something. Both men kept to themselves, apart from the large group, to study and make charts and notes; Ceshca assumed they were the guides of the expedition.

One night Ceshca's curiosity got the better of her as three of her guards and herself snuck down into the visitors campsite. She was searching threw Neo's belongs that were outside of his tent when suddenly the young man appeared; he had been awoken by the soft glow of their orange crystal pendents and came out to investigate.

"Hey! What the hell!" a very startled Neo said almost too loudly at the sight of the nomadic newcomers. Faster then Neo could blink the nomads had vanished into the night, Kela had stayed behind to make sure he didn't attempt to follow, the big cat was warning Neo with a very low, nearly inaudible hiss from deep within her throat. The leopard was always by Ceshca's side no matter where she went, even into battle.

Neo stood there in the middle of the campsite, momentarily stunned by his sleepy groggy mind, then suddenly his mind reminded him of what he had just seen and the young man dashed off to try and find the nomads. Kela growled but merely followed him, Neo ran and ran tripping over rocks and snagging his toes of moss and slippery surfaces.

Gasping for breathe as he ran, hands braced out in front of himself to bat away the branches and leaves that smacked into him in his own haste, he slid to a sudden stop as he found himself in a small clearing; face to face with four of the most curious and beautiful beings that he had ever laid eyes upon. Kela lept in front of him, hissing viciously, guarding her master and friends.

"Kela, leave him be." commanded Cesha in Keneenean. The leopard circled, coming to sit next to the female that had spoken. Neo assumed she was the leader of this small party, he dug his fingernails into his palms to keep his eyes from bugging out of his skull as he took her all in. She was small in stature, maybe only 5 feet, she wore a very short bright orange skirt and a bra, she had piercing intelligent green eyes that seemed to look right threw him and see everything. Her right hand was wrapped about a menacing looking spear, her hair was long brunette curls that was bunched high atop her head; and a strange crystal necklace that glowed the same bright orange what her outfit was, perhaps it was even brighter still. As Neo stared, suddenly his intelligent, highly versed mind snapped to attention, instantly recognizing the dead ancient language that had come from the woman's mouth. Had she just spoken Keneenean? His mind raced to try and find the right syllibles and pronuciation.

"Who are you?" Neo attempted to ask, struggling to form the words that he did know, as a linguist he could sometimes understand ancient languages better then he himself could speak it, especially if it is a dead language; or so he had previously thought.

"We are the people that dwell in this land stranger." replied one of her companions.

"Do you speak English?" he inquired, studying their dress and tattoos intensely.

"We do." answered Ceshca, her transition was flawless, her enunciation was perfect as if she had been born in America.

Dumbfounded for a split second Neo forgot that it was his turn to say something, his instant attraction to this short woman didn't help the matter either. But eventually his brain did engage.

"Oh, oh excuse my manners. My name is Neo Livingston, I uh, am a explorer and a liguist for this group of men, I work at a museum in New York." gushed the man as he attempted to take a step forward to shake her hand. Only to have a spear shoved in his face, halting his advance.

Ceshca stepped closer to him, pushing the spear of her companion away.

"I am Ceshcaclamechcama, daughter of Montinmma and princess of Keneena." she announced herself with gusto and pride, her smiled made Neo's knees weak.

Suddenly she withdrew, her eyes sharp and wary.

"Why are you here in Keneena?" Ceshca asked sharply, her earlier excitement and curiosity gone, replaced by mistrust and protectiveness.

"You mean you are Keneeneans? How is that possible? I mean. I am here to study and recover the remains of Keneena. I think." Neo's utter amazement wared with his knowledge of his numerous studies and research.

Suddenly from the direction of the campsite there came a horrible rumbling noise, Ceshca and her party rushed away at the sound of the noise. 

"Hey wait a minute! Come back here!" cried Neo, he scrambled to follow the nomads as they melted into the landscape, he knew that his fellow comerads had been awoken by his sudden disappearence and had started the vehicles and were on their way to find him. The numerous cars, trucks, and machinery that the group had brought with them was what had made the terrible rumbling sound, it was a sound that the natives had no clue about. Neo clammered over boulders and sharp edges, scraping and buising himself as he tried to follow his newly discovered friends. Heaving himself threw a long crooked gap in a pair of seemless boulders, as his face came to the fresh open air on the other side of the gap he paused in pure shock, his eyes wide in again; utter amazement and disbelief. He was frozen as his eyes told him that he was looking at the impossible... a giant waterfall cascaded downwards, it was seperated into two halves half way down by a large arching rock, the arch had the appearence of being hand carved because it was hallow in the middle like an entrance.

Neo's eyes adjusted slightly as the filtering sunlight came from high above, he looked past the raging waterfall, no, he looked into the falls and saw a city! Neo then remembered his limbs were attached to his body as he wiggled threw the gap, it was just big enough for his lean phisyque. 

"Umph!" he grunted as he tumbled down the remains of the boulder onto a jutting cliff edge. The edge was covered in moss and was somewhat slippery, but it jutted outwards as if it were pointing to the falls, then his eyes spotted a long handmade bridge that was most likely 6 miles across. His eyes strained to see to the other side, it looked as if the bridge connected on the other side to a wall of sheer rock, smoothed out by time and water. Neo regained his feet, finding that his shoes felt like slippery rubber beneath him.

"A! Livingston! What did you find?" bellowed Stone from the other side of the gap. Neo hadn't heard the group approach he had been so caught up in the rush of the falls.

"I- uh I'm not sure." stammered the man at first.

"Come on Neo speak up!" grumbled Stone impatiently.

"Keneena..." Neo said in a hushed reverant tone, "I think I found Keneena." he spoke again with better conviction. 

"What the!" another voice said, as he pushed threw the group,"Let me see!" he growled fiercely as he began to climb threw the gap. Neo whipped about in time to help his father get himself threw.

"Great Scotts!" Cookie cried out as he steadied himself on his son's shoulders long enough to see what his offspring had discovered. Neo glanced at his dad.

"You found it son. It looks just like in the ancient texts." his thick voice hummed approvingly, awe dripped from his every word.

"Ah hell that's impossible!" came Stone as he began to work his muscled body threw. Sooner then Neo would have liked, the entire crew was standing beside him gazing in stupified expressions at the sight before them.

"What is this?" said Jones, her voice wavered with uncertainty for the first time, an unsteady hint of fear and wonderment.

Suddenly the group was surrounded by nomads, people wearing orange lingerie and wielding spears and daggers. 

"Fuck who are these bastards?" Stone muttered drawing his sidearm.

"No don't!" Neo advised, his voice and body reacted out of pure emotion as he grabbed the soldier's gun from him.

"You little prick." seethed Stone as he attempted to retake his weapon.

"The question to you is.... who are you?" Ceshca spoke clear pure english, her voice was like listening to a gentle brook on a warm summer day, but it held power and authority as her gaze bore into Stone's stunned face, she relaxed from her fighting pose displaying grace and restraint.

Stone licked his dry lips as his eyes ran up and down this sexy little vixen, she was fit and strong but a fucking turn on all at the same time, her three companions were just as appealing but not like her.

"They have to be natives, Keneeneans!" exclaimed Neo as he shoved the gun into Stone's chest and marched threw the group to get to the front.

"Yea, really." Jones snorted with disgust, her nose flared as she witnessed the fierce female warriors, she hated them instantly, their beauty, their looks.

"Who are you? and Why have you come here?" Ceshca said determined.

"We ar-" Neo began.

"We are explorers from the surface world! We come in peace." Stone thrust himself forward, shoveling Neo's slim form out of the way. Kela snarled at his invasion of space. The man halted at the big cat's command.

"Who are you?" Stone's voice barely carried those surround them but his eyes never left the girl's tight trim form. Neo merely watched in respect and awe. 

"I am Ceshcaclameshcama, Princess of Keneena City!" she proclaimed, placing a hand on her hip and leaning into it. Stone just about had a orgasm that very second, his dick was so rigid for this little wench he could barely contain himself, the way she moved and spoke. Her big tits and curvy small body. But the leopard scared the shit out of him.

"Now if you will all follow me. I will take you to my father, the King." Ceshca directed as she took the lead towards the long bridge, Kela at her side.