 This story is about a city that sank beneath the fresh clear seas a thousand years before Atlantis was ever marked down in the myths of history. The Keneena City was and still is the second cousins in relation to the Atlantians, the Atlantians held the power/lifesouce of a blue gem/crystal that prolonged their lives and was as a living entity to the survival the Atlantian culture. The Keneeneans held a power source similar, in the form of an rare orange crystal. In this story you will be following the adventures of a princess of Keneena and discover what Keneenean life might have been like; Princess Ceshcaclameshcama (Ceesh-ca-cla-mish-ca-mae) is a young woman in the royal palace about the age of 17 in our ageline, but by Keneenean culture she would be 150 years of age with the body and mind of a teenager. 

This is a legend of fiction...

~1~

Ceshcaclameshcama also called Ceshca for convenience, walked into the royal library. Her hair was long dark brown with natural orange highlights in it, deep green eyes and soft facial features made one think of a young forest nymph, but this wasn't a forest tale nor was the princess a nymph. The young woman wore a decorated bra top to support her ample C cups, the color of orange with light blue leaf patterns made of beads and small pebbles to give the bra a tougher exterior and padding that protected and supported rather than flaunted her breasts. A toned stomach ran the length of her with a navel ring, her hips were curvy and her thighs thick, a softer more breathable fabric made up her skirt which matched the color and design of her top. This was typical for Keneenean women attire, although personal preference varied among them.
Ceshca wore little jewelry, a gold 1 inch band was on her left upper arm and a few gold ankle bracelets adorned her right ankle, and simple gold hoops hung from her earlobes. Though the most valued piece wasn't merely a necklace, nor was it as simple as a gem drop pendant. Resting in the curve of her cleavage was a 1 inch orange crystal, it was supported by an intricate metal vine that clasped the crystal in it's entirety, curving and curling around the rock which was shaped like a rough teardrop. A 14 inch stainless steel chain attatched to the top end of the metal vine which then wrapped around Ceshca's neck. All Keneeneans wore this same crystal, though the cut of each rock was vasty different for each individual. 

Keneeneans were sea going people, the capital was were the royal palace was placed at the heart of the city, they had been on the surface for many generations until a meteor struck nearby sinking the culture into the depths of the ocean, only to have them survive because of an underwater cavern that served as a large pocket of rock and air. Keneena's surface location is speculated to be somewhere in the facinity of Cuba or near it anyway, but truthfully none know the true location of the former Keneenean city. All surface dwellers believed the city to be drowned, lost to the sea, but there were those few who go against popular beliefs and accepted speculations. A team of scientist and specialist were organized by some of the richest indepedent men in the world to research the history of Keneena and it's culture.

Ceshca had been only a child when the meteor had struck, sinking her home and laying waste to those sections of it that failed to sink with the capital and it's surrounding areas, the ruins lay elsewhere at the bottom of the ocean unknown and untouched by surface dwellers. Keneena had to rebuild and relearn a new way of life once the city came to rest in a strange pocket of air, a massive underwater cavern miles beneath the crushing waters but held up by the mighty rock like dome that saved them while the meteors destructive powers settled and churned the world around them.

Ceshca was the princess of Keneena while her father, King Montimma (Mon-tin-may) was the ruler of the city- her mother, Queen Acsicease (Ac-se-cea-see) had perished while giving birth to Ceshca's younger sister Veshna (Vi-sh-nah). Veshna would follow Ceshca everywhere, naturally the older woman didn't mind in the least bit. Veshna was only nine years old by Keneena standards but to our ageline she was already eleven or twelve. The Keneenean culture was fluent in every language known to the surface world, they had to be because while they were still on the surface they would barter and trade with every culture that happened to have trade routes at sea, this knowledge had not been lost to them when they sank beneath the waves, lost to even time itself.

Ceshca picked out her favorite book and sat down to begin reading it in the high arching window seat. Veshna merely sat in front of her older sister, staring intently.
"Well child go pick out a book and read if you so wish." said Ceshca once she glanced up to find herself being watched. While Veshna was looking for a book the two palace leopards came bounding into the library, one black the other orange. The orange one was Veshna's, Meadasha (Me-dash-ah) and the black one was Ceshca's, Kela (Key-lah).
Kela merely joined her owner, laying down next to Ceshca while she read; purring a deep love song to her. Suddenly a royal messanger burst into the room.
"Princess, your father wishes to speak with you!" he said quickly. Ceshca rose and placed her book back on the self, saying "I will be right there."
The messanger took off ahead of her to relay the response to King Montinmma. 
"Veshna take Meadasha and go play in the hanging gardens for a while alright." directed the elder princess as they entered the thrown room without permission from the standing gaurds. Veshna did as she was told, while Kela followed Ceshca closely. 
"Greetings father, what might I do for you?" Ceshca asked as she approached her father as he sat in his massive seashell thrown. His long grey beard stretched below his chest, his eyes grave with worry as he looked up at his daughter's entrance, his long face with his sharp green eyes watched her carefully with awe, respect, and fatherly love.
"Ceshca, there has been disturbances in the northern moutain range, my scouts have not been back more then an hour with worrisome reports..." his voice rasped with age and stress, though it still held his deep tone of authority in it..." surface dwellers have been sighted weaving their way threw the moutains, and there are many of them." Father shook his head in disbelief at his own words.
"People from the surface!" Ceshca couldn't believe her ears, she had never thought they would make it this far.
"Mmmm." hummed Father, his forehead wrinkled with concentration, the lines etched into his face spoke of his true age, but unless he were harmed the King would continue to reign another fifty years or more if he so chose to, yet Ceshca was more then ready to take his place and rule the people of Keneena. At her young age she would mark the passing of the Keneenean thrown for the first time in 340 years, as heir to the thrown it was her birth right as the eldest of the King. Keneenean law did not seperate men and women, they were equals in everyway, even when it came to their rulers.
Ceshca's heart pounded in her chest, her thoughts were racing a mile a minute, yet above all else one thought screamed, 'this means we can resurface, there will be a way to bring Keneena back from the depths!'
In the dim light of the thrown room, her tattoos glowed a fierce orange. Orange tattoos were a common thing among the Keneeneans but among the royals it marked them as such, every king or queen was marked with the royal sign, to be placed anywhere on their body so long as it remained visible at all times to the people. Ceshca had placed her's on her right cheek, just under her eye, the ruler's mark was a spiral with the beginning and end points dotted. She had had her mother's name tattooed on her inner left wrist in the Keneenean glyphs script when she had passed into the other void. The orange tattoo ink was made of a special substance that came from the sea, that is why it glows in the dim light or in the dark.

"What do you wish of me? my father." Ceshca knelt on one knee and tilted her face down in a display of respect and willingness. Her curiosity was fierce but so was her fear of the unknown and the fear for her people.
"I need you to go with this new scouting party I am sending out now, to investigate these strangers, see what they want, see what they are searching for... but never make your presence known to them unless they are in danger." instructed the King. Ceshca stood, the warrior within her sprang forth as her eyes met her father's, she smiled at him, honoured that he would entrust this mission to her.
"Yes, I will go and bring them to you." she replied, she flattened her right palm across her heart then stretched it outward towards the King, palm facing upwards in the Keneenean salute of willing obedience. The princess then turned on her bare heel and left to prepare for the journey.