 The stars were burning in the night sky, burning like the wreck of my car, which was now wrapped around the trunk of a large oak tree. Flames danced in the grass near the wreckage and although I had been thrown well clear of the wreck, I felt an urgency to move. Despite my will, I was unable to gather the strength. My head throbbed, and my body was cold, as if the life was being drained from me. I struggled to keep my eyes open, but I could make out the blurred figure of someone approaching, and I soon felt arms underneath mine, pulling me farther from the wreck, and losing the battle with unconsciousness, darkness overtook me. 

When I awoke, I was laying on a bed, shirtless, on my back, and staring up at the ceiling of a cabin. Wondering who had pulled me from the wreck, I was quickly answered as a woman approached the bed and placed her hand on my forehead. She was slender, and young, with deep black hair that curled around her neck. Her eyes glittered like green gems as she looked down carefully at me, inspecting my wounds, and I wondered what someone so young was doing out here on her own. 

I wondered what condition I was in, having been thrown from a wreck such as that, but I was surprised to find that I could move all my appendages and digits without much pain. Astonishingly, nothing felt broken, but I could tell I was cut and bruised all over my body. I recalled the violence of the wreck, the adrenaline rush as I swerved off the road, the terror of being thrown through the windshield and the impact in the dirt and grass. It amazed me that I had survived, let alone be alert and moving so shortly afterward. 

I felt like I could get up, and I wanted answers from this girl that had pulled me from what in my mind would have been certain death, but before I could let a word out she was on the bed with me. 

I started to say something but she muffled my words with her lips, pressing against me, her eyes closed. I felt her breathing, and suddenly I felt weak and my surprise subsided and I just went with her kiss, laying back slightly, my hand sliding up her arm. Her tongue slipped past my lips and I felt myself becoming weaker still, and then her hand moved between my legs.

It only took a light touch of her hand and I instantly felt the blood rush to my cock. My heart pumped hard in my chest, and I could feel the adrenaline start to flow, at this moment I wanted nothing more than sex with this woman, however her kisses made me weak. I unbuttoned her shirt slowly, her small, pert breasts exposed to me with their pink nipples at the tips, and I could see she was wearing a necklace with a peculiar medallion. It was round, with a perfectly spherical stone in the center, so black that it didn't reflect light. There was writing around the edges, very small and not in any written language I have encountered before. 

She tossed her shirt away and pulled off her skirt, straddling me, grinning down at me with just a hint of malice, but staring into her eyes reassured me. She laid down on top of me, licking my face and my neck, down my chest, her hair falling over me. I couldn't move anymore; I attempted to move my arms but I was unable to, and I could feel her pulling my pants down my legs, my hard cock coming free and her lips wrapping around it tight. 

She clutched the medallion she wore around her neck as her head bobbed up and down between my legs. Her hair occluded my view of her face, but she was groaning as much as I was as she proceeded to pleasure me with her mouth. I could feel her sucking hard, and it was nothing like I had ever received before from any other woman. Her mouth went all the way up to the head of my cock and her tongue swirled around it rapidly, then all the way back down and my cock went deep into her throat. She was somehow able to do this so rapidly, I couldn't explain how if I tried. Each time her head came up to the top of my cock, she expertly licked the spot right under my head, driving me mad as she played with the sensitivity there.

My heart was slamming in my chest and I was sweating. Suddenly I was able to move my limbs again, and her head came up off my cock and she quickly snapped her head up to look at me, and then I realized her eyes had become completely silver. Her hair was wild and the look on her face was purely animalistic.

What happened next is almost a blur. The longer she looked at me, the harder my heart beat. She commanded me with her eyes, and I grabbed her nude body, pulled her to the edge of the bed and spread her legs open wide, pushing them back toward her chest before sinking my cock into her. Her head went back in pleasure as she brought her hand up to grip the medallion, and at that point my vision went fuzzy. I could do nothing else but slam my cock into her harder, feeling my thick shaft penetrate her, stretching her tight hole open. The feeling of her gripping my cock drove me wild as I lost control, wildly fucking her on the bed, my fingers digging into her thighs, her breasts bouncing as I rocked her body. 

My balls were becoming sore from slapping against her ass but soon even that wasn't a concern of mine. She sprang up with great force and knocked me back on the floor, gripping my wrists and holding me down. I was completely immobile once more. She placed her hands on mine, and as she did, I felt a brief, stinging pain on my hands, and she rode me, hard. She rocked her hips back and forth on me, gyrating, moaning the entire time. 

She started moving her entire body up and down on mine, and that's when my vision started going dark. I could feel my orgasm nearing, and her body trembled around me. I could feel her orgasm clenching my cock, riding me wildly, and as I poured my hot seed inside her, I felt my body going colder, and I went limp on the floor.

At that point I blacked out. I had apparently laid there all night because when I woke, the sun was coming through the window. I sat up slowly, my body was sore, and at that point I realized why my hands stung so bad. There were strange characters carved into both my hands, easily visible thanks to the dried blood. And then I realized where I was laying. There were two concentric circles drawn on the floor, and in between the two were drawn more of the same characters. The woman from the night before, whose name I didn't even know, was nowhere to be found.