 Chapter 1: The Island

The Innus Kingdom lies on the remote island Innuis, that is some ten day's journey by ship to Gid, the nearest port on the mainland. Gid is a trading post controlled by the Innus Kingdom. It is the gateway to the rest of the world for the Innus. It is where mercenaries, traders, emissaries from distant countries and warriors from barbaric tribes trade their goods with the Innus, who call their foreign neighbours the Outsiders.

Very little is known by outsiders about the Innus Kingdom. The only thing they take to be fact is that the Innus Kingdom is the Kingdom of Carnality. The Island of Sex. Rumours about Innus love-making flit across countries and continents: stories about delicate maidens and amazonian heroines who spend their days in orgies with men built like gods. Sex is a religion, they say. Orgasms are their nourishment, others claim. 

Outsiders who visit the trading post Gid return to their homes with stories about handsome Innus men and breathtakingly beautiful Innus women. They all looked different! The visitors would cry. There are skin colours of all shades. Some are tall, pale and blonde; some are dark and chiseled and others do not look dissimilar to the Orientals from the Far East. If an Innus isn't physically attractive, they are witty, charming and cunning. If one is not well spoken, they are either remarkably handsome or can sing like an angel. 

The Innus, say the Outsiders, are just like the gods we pray to.

Chapter 2: The Kingdom

It should be confirmed here that the Innus Kingdom is not dissimilar to the wildest fancies of the Outsiders. The lives of the Innus revolve around sex. Each descendent of the Innus carries an instinctive need to satisfy a raging carnal hunger. This does not mean that they were barbaric in sating their lust. Quite the opposite, is the case. 

No outsider has seen the Innus Kingdom in centuries. The island is not large, but sizeable with four cities and many villages that are speckled across the countryside. The city that lies to the north is the most mystical of all. The North City is where the Universities are. Most Innus would journey to the North City when they come of age to learn how to make love and leave with their virginity taken. 

The West City is the closest city to Gid. The West City is a place of manufacturing. Goods are produced for export in its factories and craft-houses. There are herbalists and apothecaries that package hundreds of medicines to treat unknown to the Outsiders. Factories produce furniture and tools with woods that are twice the strength of those found on the mainland. Dressmakers sew clothes of astonishing beauty with fabrics smoother than silk and softer than cotton. Kings and Queens of faraway lands demand these goods from the West City of Innus and foreign tradesmen and artisans are puzzled and in awe of them. 

Yet, from all the attention, the Innus remained secret and safe as only Innus ships manage to sail the perilous sea that separate the island from the mainland.

The East City is the city of religion. Not much can be said about the Innus priests and priestesses who reside there as they have only been seen having sex more frequently and more ferociously than everyone else. It is thought that the priests and priestesses were there to discover the meaning to their way of life: why their people felt the need for so much sex, why they have sex the way they do, how can they have better sex and what made the best sex? Most of the island preferred to ignore these existential questions and get on with enjoying their evident fortune. And sex.

The South City is the home of the royal family and therefore the capital of the Innus Kingdom. Towering marble towers grow from the city's centre like white tree trunks into the heavens. The streets are lined with old trees and bright flowers. The finest artists and craftsmen work along them in grand shops and houses. Endless gardens sprawl across the city, interspersed with brothels that take the form of gazebos and houses. These brothels are not staffed by prostitutes. Rather, they are merely a place for lovemaking to take place. Strolling along on any given day, the cries of sex can be heard faintly in the air.

Something should be mentioned here about the Innus. Contraception is as staple and important to the Innus as food is. As long as they the Innus have recorded their history, contraception has been a part of it, whether in the form of a herbs and medication or a condom. After coming of age in the North City, the Innus engage in intercourse with whomever they choose to (and however often they decide to). Typically, they will only bear children with one partner (but there are occasional exceptions). Throughout their lives, an Innus man or woman engages in intercourse with whomever he or she chooses.

The Royal Family are regarded as the most talented love-makers of the land. They are certainly some of the most attractive people on the island and many citizens spend many years of their lives courting the affection of the prince and princesses in the hope of bedding one of them. Every new year's eve, the public are invited to the palace gardens where a member of the royal family display his or her carnal skills with a citizen (or sometimes another member of the royal family) to welcome the new year. Last new year's eve, the eldest Princess, Princess Freya wearing nothing but lace stockings, slowly licked a lady from the crowd to a screaming climax before inviting a broad young man to lay her on her back and plundered her until they both came.

Princess Freya is the second of five children. Her older brother, Prince Magnus, is a Captain in the Navy. He is tall, chiseled and proud. He was like a soldier in any sense. The third child, Princess Alice is pale and freckled with black hair. She is lithe and petite. Her lovers are rumoured to have said that she seems to be able to orgasm almost at will. Her twin sister, whom she is older than mere minutes, Princess Ingrid, has tanned, smooth skin like coffee. Her eyes are bewitching and smile enchanting. The youngest of them all, Prince Paul, has only just come of age and resembles Freya.

Freya herself is the most beloved of all the royals by her people. She is sweet - and if her lovers are to be believed, in every sense of the word. 

Chapter 3: Princess Freya

Lily, clad in her maid's uniform, hurries down the corridor. She's late. It is just past dawn, and the rising sun warms the air for a fresh day. 

She feels her cheeks blush with embarrassment as she knocks on her mistress, Princess Freya's door. 

"Come in," says a soft voice.

Inside, Lily finds Princess Freya sitting daintily at her dresser. She is wearing translucent white stockings that ends halfway up her thighs that are secured by ribbons; a white bra with a red floral pattern that cups her pale breasts; and a small rose in her plaited dark brown hair. 

She's wearing no underwear, and conceals her feminine treasure by crossing her legs. 

"Sorry I'm late, Miss Freya." says Lily, looking down. 

"Oh not at all, Lily. Don't be silly. I thought James had held you up." replies Freya, focusing on the mirror. 

"Well..." Lily replies, blushing furiously.

"So he did!" exclaimes Freya, with a smile. "Never, ever, apologise for that. Tell me everything."

"Well, he's getting better all the time." Lily begins. "I still couldn't climax with him in me, but his fingers got me there in the end!"

Freya giggles approvingly. "I'm very glad! And as long as you're having fun, he can take all the time he needs to learn." She choses some pearl earrings from a box and inspects her appearance once more. Her countless admirers describe her large brown eyes and soft smile as sweet, demure and regal. Of the men who wish to bed her, they find her soft, ivory skin almost irresistible and would like nothing more than to plunder deep into her. Women who lusts after her want to see her petite, tight body spread across a bed so they can lick her until she came, whimpering.

"A boy or a girl, this morning, Miss Freya?' asks Lily. "I have Michael, Robert and Yasmin this morning." 

"Who's Michael?" inquires Freya. She has never heard of him.

"He was with you a couple of weeks ago. Tall, black skinned and with quite a large member, if you recall."

"Ah, of course! My goodness, how can I forget? He's new isn't he?" says Freya. The Royal Family have a long roster of servants, some of whom are tasked with alleviating their insatiable lust.

"Straight from the academy, top grades."

"Hmmm. I'll have him for tonight, thank you very much. Robert's oriental, isn't he?" 

"Yes - short with a very pretty face, if I should say so myself." says Lily. "He's not large down there, but perfect for you."

"Are you saying I can't handle large penises, Lily?" says Freya, feigning offence. The Royal women are famed for their tight vaginas and the men for their immensely dextrous organs. It is said that their penises swell to exactly the right length and girth depending on their lover (or lovers)

"Of course not, my lady!" laughs Lily. "I'll bring Robert in?"

"Please do! We're already late!" Freya stands, temporarily revealing herself and notices that Lily shot a quick glance at her pink, moist lips between her legs.

Lily rang a bell in code, down the corridor, and within the minute a young man arrived at the door, naked. He was short and well built with a fair face and a broad smile. 

"How do you do, Miss Freya." Robert bows. 

"Very well, Robert. A little bit itchy, mind you." 

"We best hurry then, Miss Freya." 

They proceed to Freya's four poster bed, whereupon she sits gracefully on the edge. Lily sits by her side, and begins to run her hand down the Princess's back. Robert kneels down, looks into Freya's green eyes and says ceremonially "if I may tend to you, Miss Freya..."

"You most certainly may!" laughs Freya. Robert proceeds to spread her legs, revealing swollen, puffy lips. He runs a finger over them, and leans up to kiss Freya. She sighs softly. Lily continus to massage the Princess, unclipping her bra in the process so that her pale, soft breasts are revealed for Robert's tongue. 

He is soon onto them. Gently nuzzling, and tracing circles on them with his lips. His erection touches and glides over the Princess's labia, causing her to arch her back. 

"It's..ah..It's the morning service, rem..remember!" cries the impatient Princess. "Make it, make it qui-ah! Quick!" Lily and Robert have her writhing under them - she thrusts out her hips whilst Robert runs his hands up and down her nubile body. He positions his erection carefully, and begins to seek Freya's opening The pressure of his hard erection causes Freya to gasp. 

"Ahh...Robert..." she whispers. He begin to penetrate deeper and deeper into her; his penis and her vagina are both sopping wet and make slick noises. The friction between his rock hard erection and her soft vagina has each thrust causing Robert to grunt and Freya to cry out in ecstasy. Freya wraps her stockinged legs around his back, and Lily turns her oral attentions to her swollen clitoris, eliciting cries of joy from the gentle Princess. 

"Oh! Yes! Yes, Lily!" she pants ecstatically. 

Robert's hard cock begins to twinge. He varies his pace and angle; taking her slowly, then quickly, in circles, then straight and hard. Freya's hands curls around his hair as she cries out: "Oh! Yes! Mmmm!"

Lily then places her finger on the Princess's clitoris, and massages it - bringing her ever closer to finishing. Robert soon feel the strain of Freya's tight cunt, the cries of Freya urging him on, "harder! Oh God, yes! Oh! I'm coming! Ah! Ah! Ahh!" Her hair is messy and her eyes wild as she bucks along to his thrusts.

As she climaxes, her eyes went wide and her mouth formed an O. She takes Robert with her as she clenches and comes. He grunts and ejaculates - shooting spurt after spurt into her as her vaginal walls spasm against his hard cock. 

Their orgasm subsiding, he pulls out of her and rolls next to her on the bed. Lily licks up the juices from between Freya's legs, between delighted squeals and was soon on holding Robert's member and running her tongue along it. His muscled chest peaks and crests, as he recoveres. 

"Oh my..." sighs Freya, a grin etched on her porcelain face. "Oh my..." 

Robert lays contented as Lily cleans him. She herself looked radiant as she alternated her attentions between the Princess and him. "It's a lovely day today, Miss Freya." she announces.

Chapter 4: The Royal Family

Later that morning at breakfast in the sunny courtyard, Freya arrives late. Her family look, to her, ravishing. Her father and mother are seated together at the round table. The Queen, Cate, has flaming red hair and large, ample breasts that narrows into a slender waist. She is wearing a white bridal corset and lacy panties - it is their wedding anniversary today. The corset holds her large breasts up like a tantalising treat for everyone's mouth to water at. Freya's father, King Vers, like most of the men of Innus, is naked. He skin was tanned and dark, like Ingrid. He is shorter compared to his eldest sun, who sits eating with a raging hard erection. 

Paul, the youngest, was less at ease, having just come of age and returned from the North City. He was still an uncertain lover. His penis lay limp and half-erect. His twin sisters, Alice and Ingrid, are wearing push up bras and boyskorts. Alice is in a dark blue lacy bra that is cut so that it reveals her nipples but still cups her breasts up. Ingrid was wearing a silky smooth light green set. 

"Good morning, everyone!" greets Freya cheerily. 

"Morning Freya" her family mumbles in reply, focusing on their breakfast. 

Freya stands by her seat but doesn't sit down. She is wearing nothing but a pair of high stockings with cherries printed on them. This is unusual for Freya, who relies on the art of anticipation and sweet innocence. She often plays the wilting flower and reveals her treasures slowly. But she was feeling very, very horny this morning for some inexplicable reason.

"Won't you sit, Freya?" asks her mother. 

"I'm starving." replies Freya, with a slight smile.

"Then sit - and eat!" says her mother. The rest of the family look at Freya strangely. "Is everything ok, dear?" asks her father. 

"No, no it isn't." says Freya. "I'm very, very...um..." With that, Freya walks over to her father Vers, bends over, and begins sucking on his member. Vers groans: "Oh Freya...We...We haven't finished breakfast-aaa."

Freya giggles, gives her father a cheeky smile and begins strokes his penis with her fingertips. "You can't deny you're enjoying this"

Her brother Magnus, was already up, grinning, and directing his erection over to his sister's bottom, tracing it over her soft flesh causing her to coo gently. "That's it, Magnus...Mmm...Oh! I feel so bad."

The twins have already leapt up and Alice attacked Ingrid's breasts with her lips and they were giggling like maniacs. 

Cate, meanwhile, laughs - the same light, musical laugh as her daughters - at Freya's urgency and is now working on Paul who is nervously putting his hands through Cate's red locks. "Unghh...Oh...Yes..." he moans.

Cate giggles at the inexperience on display to her. Soon, he would become a man able to handle making love to three women at once. "Isn't that nice, Paul?" whispers Cate softly. She licks the underside of his erection and it stiffens like a rod. "What would you like to do to me, Paul?" Cate asks, looking slyly at Paul. He reaches out for her breasts and cups them in their corset. They look round, plump and he imagines them bouncing with every thrust as he fucks her. 

"Do you want to play with them? Fuck them?" asks Cate. She deep throats his erection a few more times, and moves to remove her corset but he stops her. "No." He says. "I want to...I want to fuck you with it on."

On the other side of the table, Freya lies spreadeagled with her legs resting on Magnus's shoulders. She puts her arms up above her head in anticipation, her skin lightly coated in sweat. Magnus looks down at her white, soft, tight body beneath him: her breasts are pert, her back is arched wantonly and her legs are spread wide. "Please Magnus..." she whimpers as he traces the tip his cock against her wet opening. 

"Please, what, Freya?" he teases. His erection twitches against her clitoris.

"Fuck me..." Freya cries, embarrassed. 

Then, she felt her sister Alice's hands link with hers as she is laid opposite Freya, bucking along to Vers who was fucking her slowly and languorously. Taking his time to fill Ingrid, he would rub against her clitoris, before withdrawing. Then filling her slowly again. "Oh..OH!" cries Alice. Vers hard cock strains against Alice's tight, clenching vagina. Each thrust feels like he is splitting her. Ingrid sits above her sister's face, as Alice's tongue licks her. Ingrid looks around, admiring the scene before placing a fingertip on her own clitoris and rubs it watching Vers fuck the tight body of her sister. 

Alice hears another slopping sound, and turns to see her mother sitting on the table, her legs wrapped around Paul as he fucks her deeply. Paul is eager and fucks Cate hard and fast. Cate soon lies back, linking hands with her two daughters as Paul fucks her like Magnus is pummelling soft Freya, and Vers is fucking Alice, his dark cock plunges into her pink cunt with increasing pace. Ingrid, moves about the three ladies - crying out in pleasure as they are filled and emptied - offering them to lick her sweet cunt.

Freya looks up at Magnus, his jaw clenched, his hard body fucking her - she clenches and thrusts back at him, slowly getting closer. 'I'm coming! Oh!'