 Jun'ai walked the peaks. Beside her walked Sudara. Both carried bows. His, a massive longbow, hers recently crafted, sized for her draw. Both were armed. Him with a short shafted battle axe, her with a slender dueling sword.

Behind them were two warriors from Sudara's tribe. They were massive and stoic, perfect examples of their kind.

The group navigated the crest of a ridge, following it deeper into the range of mountains. Ahead of them lay a pass. It was the only break for miles and the minotaur tribes used it for trade with the humans living deeper south.

The last minotaur travelers to have passed through the ravine had been attacked by a giant creature. One injured. One fatality.

"What kind of monster are we after?" Jun'ai asked.

"Toran described it as reptilian. Massive wings. It dropped down from the peaks suddenly without warning. Its tail knocked Toran flat on his back. Then it got Boris. Took him off. Presumably back to its lair."

"A dragon?" She wondered aloud.

"If it's a dragon, then we are all dead."

Great. Then she asked, "What's the plan?"

"We find it and we kill it."

Jun'ai rolled her eyes. How perfectly taciturn of him.

They walked for some time through the tall thistle and sage. It was knee high and sharp and dry. There were few trees at this altitude and those that grew were scraggly little things bristling with thorns. For Jun'ai all that meant was: no cover.

By following the crest, they hoped to come in above the beast's lair and descend on it.

But all their planning was dead leaves in the wind.

When they reached the final peak in the chain, just above the pass, the creature found them.

There was a blast of wind and the ground shuddered as it landed behind them.

Sudara turned, yelled out orders.

Jun'ai didn't hear them, instead knocked an arrow.

The creature was indeed massive. Charcoal gray scales, black keratin claws, an ivory horn from it snout.

It had two legs. Stood atop the broken body of one of the minotaurs. Its claws were at the leading edge of its wings. Half bat, half crocodile, the size of an elephant.

The dragon's tail flicked back and forth, its head darting from side to side. It looked ready to take flight again at any moment.

Jun'ai fired. Her shot took the creature in the wing. Cutting through the membrane of skin. Sudara fired. His arrow took the same wing.

The dragon recoiled. A sting only, but possibly enough to ground it.

Then the tribal chief and the surviving warrior charged. Axe and halberd.

The dragon recovered quickly. Pained, it was itching for a fight. It slashed down with its right claw, the uninjured one, raking the chest of the warrior. His halberd slashed at the wing. Both wings were damaged. Grounded for sure now.

Still no core damage though, and its central mass was well protected by the folded wings and long claws and snapping jaws.

The two minotaurs were outside the arc of the wings. They weren't getting hit, but could do little damage. The dragon would wear them out. And then it wouldn't matter if the beast could fly or not.

The two minotaurs spread out. Defensive stance. Both daring the head to attack them. Eventually the beast chose. It lunged at the warrior. The halberd clipped its horns. The dragon didn't care. It clamped down on his shoulder, amputated the arm. The warrior lay bleeding and screaming. Lost in the sea of tall grass.

Sudara saw his opening. Charged. Biceps bulging. His axe bounced off the shoulder scales.

Shit.

Jun'ai knocked another arrow. Waited until the massive head turned toward Sudara. She let loose. The arrow pierced a black eye.

The dragon howled. Head jerked back. One wing scratched at the shaft embedded in the soft tissue.

Sudara took the opening. He charged beneath the wing and hacked the chest with heavy blades. It was more like felling a tree than regular combat. Eventually the axe found a gap in the scales, embedded itself under the plates of armor and hit vulnerable flesh.

The dragon pulled back now. It ripped the axe from Sudara's hands.

The chieftain picked up his fallen comrade's halberd and thrust toward the neck. The spear tip found a gap between two scales.

Blood poured down Sudara's arms.

After that it was quick work hacking at the twitching body until there was no more movement.

It was only then that Jun'ai screamed. Adrenaline rush, the thrill of the kill.

"Your shot was well timed, human." Sudara came to stand beside her. His arms drenched with black blood.

Jun'ai shook her head in wonder. "I've never seen a dragon before."

"And you haven't now."

She turned to him.

"Two legs," he said. "We killed a wyvern. If it had been a true dragon, we would all be dead."

They stood on the peak some time among the bloody bodies savoring each breath of cool air. They felt truly alive in that moment.

*

Days later she returned to the village of Spring Wind.

Jun'ai walked the narrow trail that led to the lodge she shared with Hakkon. Her legs were sore from the forced march and her arms were sore from the fighting. Still her spirits soared.

She passed the oak at the edge of the common grounds, and she heard commotion from her house. Muffled and low. Stifled words.

Her pace quickened.

She passed a cart beside the trail piled high with vegetables, stacks of dried firewood and she neared her home. The sound grew. She still couldn't make out the words. But it sounded like Hakkon. Her heart slammed in her chest. Something was wrong.

At the door, she stopped. Hand on the iron handle. She was anxious, her high spirits evaporated, she needed to see what was going on, had briefly considered calling out his name, but instead paused at the door and listened.

Grunts. Heavy breathing.

She pushed the door and stepped inside.

Immediately she went to the baby. Hyun slept in her crib. Her tiny chest rising and falling with shallow breathing. Coiled tension inside her chest melted. Hyun was safe.

Then she set her quiver of arrows on the table, leaned her longbow against it. Shut her eyes against the mental image of what she would find in the back room.

And she approached the bedroom.

The sound of heavy grunts. Fists pounding the floor.

She pushed open the door. Just a crack.

Hakkon was on his knees. In front on him was Rasya. Ass presented for his pleasure. Both were naked. Both covered in a sheen of sweat.

His hands gripped her waist, intimately ran the length of her back, caressed her shoulders, squeezed her waist.

Jun'ai froze. Watched in fascination (in shame) for some time.

When Hakkon finished, she gingerly shut the door and stepped outside and only then let the tears flow.

*

Jun'ai sat atop a crust of rock. She had no idea how long she sat there. Over an hour for sure, when Rasya stepped outside.

The two women looked at one another. Said nothing. Made no show that anything was amiss, and then the minotaur walked along the trail away from the lodge.

It was another few minutes before the human climbed to her feet and went inside.

"How was the mission, my chrysanthemum?"

"Don't you dare call me that," she hissed. "You betrayed me. You don't have the right to call me that. Not after what you did."

Hakkon stood still, studied her face and her stance. It was combative, but also vulnerable. Arms crossed across her chest. Face lowered. He was surprised by her reaction.

He spoke slowly. "You know about me and Rasya."

"Everyone in the village knows. I could hear you at the common grounds."

"There is no shame to be had. All of us have acted civilized."

"Civilized! You call that civilized. You betrayed me, Hakkon."

"You lay with Sudara."

That hit her like a slap in the face. "That's different. That's political. I lay with him to gain his trust. To make life more bearable."

Hakkon was nonplussed. "Don't deceive yourself, human. That is not your only reason."

"Of course it is!"

"Then why not lay with Guarinn? He is the more powerful ally, is he not?"

Jun'ai froze.

Hakkon continued. "You chose to ally yourself to a powerful man, yes, but also one that you were attracted too, is that not correct? And if you were to be impregnated by him, then what? There would be no way of determining which of us was the father until the child was born and we could see the color of his fur." He let those words sink in before he continued. "And if the child turned out to be Sudara's then what? Kill it? I doubt it. You would raise the child. Expect me to play the role of the father."

Jun'ai seethed. She spoke real quietly. "What I did was for political reasons. If I happened to enjoy it, there is no harm in that. But it was politically motivated. What you did was for pleasure and pleasure alone." Then it was her turn to pause and let her words sink in. "As for a child, yes. I would cherish that child as much as I do Hyun. And yes, I would expect support from you. But only because it is in your best interest as well as mine to have powerful allies."

Hakkon took a step toward her. "I am truly sorry my -"

"Don't." And Jun'ai stormed from the house.

*

She stood beneath the great Guarinn. She was completely topless now, a sign of respect to their ways, and she was on lower ground, another sign of respect.

The minotaur chieftain stood atop a knuckle of granite punching up through the thin soil. He looked down at her with those unreadable bull's eyes. "You have failed me, woman."

If he thought that would get under her skin, he was right, especially in her present state of mind, but she didn't let it show. Inside she seethed over her battle with Hakkon. Yet she spoke in an even tone. "Why would you say that?"

"I spoke with Sudara the other day. He told me an audacious thing. I would never have thought him capable of something so -" he broke off, "so human."

"What did he say?" Feign innocence. It was yet early in the encounter.

"He told me he would support my claim to the khanate if I were to name him as my successor." A great blast of warm air from his flaring nostrils. "An outrageous request. I have a son. It would shame him beyond pall to be passed over."

Jun'ai was silent. A mental image of Hakkon slamming into Rasya came to mind. She shook it away.

"It is not our way to think in those terms. I image he received that idea from another. Now, who among us would have the gall to propose such a plan? Do you have a guess, woman?"

"Yes. I told him to request to be named your successor." No sense in lying about it.

He snorted again. This time his massive head was much nearer hers.

She continued, "Obviously I never intended for you to agree."

"Then why plant the thought?"

An image: Rasya's ample breasts crushed in Hakkon's powerful grip. She shook the thought away. Get a grip on yourself!

A deep breath. Steady frayed nerves. "So that you would have the option to counter his proposal with one of your own," she said smoothly. "He wants power, but he lacks the wisdom to achieve true excellence. Therefore, I counsel you to name him your Hand." 

The minotaur's face was blank.

"Maybe you don't have an equivalent in your culture. Human kings will often name a chief advisor, a second in command, in you will. That person can speak in the King's name, represent the King, work on the King's behalf. This person can have great autonomy but will work under the King's rule." She let her words sink in. "You can propose this to him. And he will be more receptive after first acclimating to the idea of being your successor."

There was a long pause. Both minotaur and human weighing the other.

"You are a dangerous woman," Guarinn said at last. "And I know the game you are playing. You are playing both branches against the trunk. You are allying yourself with both of us and will see which one prevails." His lips pulled back in a minotaur smile. "Your ideas are but wind to me. Pleasing when cooling my brow, but quickly gone." Then. "I tolerate your presence only because I can see your true colors, while Sudara cannot. If that should change, your place in this community would become very precarious indeed."

Jun'ai hid her smile behind a mollified frown. "I understand."

"Good." He held his head high, looking every inch the chieftain. "You are dismissed."

She nodded and left.

Now if I can just control Hakkon the same way.

*

She stalked the village like a caged tiger, muscles taunt, every sense focused on her prey. There was going to be a battle between them, that much was obvious, and it was one she intended to win.

The door was cracked. An invitation for battle? A gesture of peace? She didn't care.

Inside, Hakkon sat at the table, he was writing something. At the time she didn't really notice. She should have.

"Look at me, Hakkon."

He stood, a mountain of muscle, and looked at her.

In that moment she hated him, was furious at him. Her words evaporated like dew. She could control herself no longer. The tension snapped. She threw herself at him. Pressed her body against his. Crushed her mouth against his.

"Bastard," she breathed. "No man can treat me like that."

Hakkon's hands gripped her slim waist. "I'm not like other men."

Her hands rubbed his massive muscles. She hungered for his body. Wasn't sure where this sudden passion came from. Her lips and teeth devoured him. Her body ached for him.

Rolling her head back she felt Hakkon nibbling her neck. Her grip tightened around his shoulders. Bodies pressed together, limbs entwined, kissing.

Jun'ai had arrived topless. Now Hakkon fondle her breasts. She enjoyed every touch he gave her, every caress excited her. All the pent up emotions (tension of a fight, thrill of victory, sudden betrayal) it all burst out of her.

He pushed her to the floor. She went willingly. Legs spread, he climbed between them. He spent a moment rubbing his member against the outside of her womanhood. Jun'ai trembled. She clawed his back, raking her nails against his furry hide.

This was not the time for foreplay. This was two animals in heat.

She moaned Hakko's name, cried out with each thrust. She told him how much she hated him, how he had ruined her life by bringing her here, instead of giving her a son and sending her back to Tyre.

She cried out profanities, but in the privacy of her thoughts this was an act of pure sexuality, shockingly intimate. A blend of emotions she would never have mentioned in any other setting. Emotions she dared not examine.

Jun'ai lost herself in that act of lovemaking, the pent up anger evaporated. All Jun'ai felt by the end was an ecstasy, euphoric high.

It was fast. It was brutal. And it was over very quickly.

Afterwards they lay side by side, gasping for breath. Her leg was tossed casually over his. Calf against calf. Thigh against thigh. Her smooth skin pressed against his fur.

Hours later, after a shallow sleep, they finally spoke.

"Was she good?" Jun'ai asked.

A pause, unsure how to respond. Then, "Yes."

She looked at him. "You didn't have to be so blunt."

He turned and met her gaze. "You wouldn't respect me if I hadn't."

She nodded. "Why her?"

"Rasya had always had a special place in my heart. She was my first lover. That competition I told you about when I was a young bull. Well, she was my mate afterwards."

Jun'ai didn't know how to feel about that.

"She has been a friend and a lover ever since."

"And you didn't think to tell me that."

"No."

Jun'ai shook her head and sighed. Pressed the point, "Why not marry her?"

"Because I could never confide in her my marital problem if I was married to her."

Okay, that was oddly logical.

"Anything else I should know?" She asked, needed to clear the air now while still sore from the lovemaking.

"Rasya was never able to conceive. No one in the village knows the reason, but it shames her all the same. She has few friends and no public allies."

"Is that why she was made Hyun's wet nurse?"

"She volunteered."

*

That evening Rasya came.

Jun'ai had sent Hyun to stay with Sudara's sister. The other woman agreed readily. It had been a long time since there had been a baby in the house, and it was a pleasure for her.

When Rasya arrived, they sat in front of the fire and palavered.

"You have been a wonderful help to us," Jun'ai said. "Hakkon and I value your effort and your friendship."

"As do I." The reply was guarded.

"And I want you to know you have a special place in our family."

Rasya looked to Hakkon who nodded his agreement. He knew where this was going. Jun'ai had discussed it with him in advance.

"And I want to show you how much we've come to love you." She paused. Let her words sink in. "You have never been with another woman before, have you?" Jun'ai scooted closer to the hulking woman.

"No." Rasya breathed the word. She shook her head. "It's not common among my people."

"Nor among mine," Jun'ai said delicately. "But that doesn't mean it's unsatisfying."

Jun'ai admired the other woman. A thick coat of red fur covered her arms and legs and neck. The bare skin across her shoulders and chest was ruddy and smooth with a dusting of freckles.

Jun'ai wrapped her arms around the other woman, pulled her close. Their bodies came together. Rasya's hand involuntarily went to the braid of hair on the back of Jun'ai's head. Her calloused fingers played with the lock of hair.

Hakkon crossed his arms in front of his chest and enjoyed the show.

Jun'ai pushed Rasya on her back. The minotaur woman was strong, could have easily resisted, but she went willingly. A sign of trust for this human woman.

Jun'ai smiled. She pulled her pants off. Straddled the other woman. Put her crotch in the other woman's face. She wanted the other woman to see what she was getting.

She felt a tongue on her pubic hair. Then on the wet fold of flesh between her legs. The tongue was rough.

A moment Jun'ai lowered herself down onto her knees. She kissed Rasya on the mouth. Worked her tongue between leathery lips.

Then she grabbed Rasya's hand. She gently extended two of the young woman's fingers and wrapped the others into a fist. "I'll show you how to please another woman."

And she brought the hand to her crotch. Let the fingers trace a path around the rim. Then she pushed the fingers inside her.

Her head rolled back. She trembled under the pressure.

Her grip tightened on the other woman's wrist. She guided the hand up and down, fingers in and out. Juice ran down the inside of her legs. Dripped down Rasya's hand. Coated it in a pleasing warmth.

It went on for some time. She controlled the action. The speed. The depth. She flexed her hips. Savagely thrusting her pelvis against the other woman's hand.

Rasya eventually relaxed. She gripped Jun'ai's waist with her free hand. Her face found the other woman's breasts. She nibbled on the nipples. Licked the tender flesh.

Jun'ai felt a tingling in her feet and hands. She knew an orgasm was coming. She worked the other woman's fingers faster now. Pushing deeper than she had before. Giving herself a steady rhythmic fuck.

Then the orgasm crashed down on her. It washed over her. Thrilled her.

Her legs went limp. She sank down atop the other woman. The two kissed furiously. Jun'ai moaned, begging to be devoured by that powerful mouth.

Then she got up. Pushed Rasya's legs apart. The other woman hesitated. Jun'ai insisted.

She buried her head between the large woman's legs. Her lips licked the tender fold of flesh, so like a human's yet distinctly animal.

She sucked on the sensitive bundle of silk.

She heard a moan. It filled the room.

Then she pushed her tongue inside the box. The minotaur's head rolled back against the floor. Massive hands smacked her butt. Fingers dug deep into the smooth flesh.

Jun'ai licked and kissed and worked her over. Then pulled away and inserted her fingers. Three. More than she would have given a human lover.
