 This is the first in a series of stories that will serve as a continuation of The Princest Series. The events will follow the lives of the three siblings. If you're interested in how these events came about, you can read Princest, which is a series of 6 stories that took place in the day of Princess Victoria's 18th birthday celebration. 



 The sounds of the castle maids cleaning her room brought Princess Victoria out of a deep sleep. She reluctantly sat up and stretched her arms up. It took her a moment to realize she was completely nude. She quickly covered herself with a blanket before either maid spotted her. Once they exited her room, she dragged herself to her bathroom.

 She looked herself over in the mirror. She was a mess. It was a long night with her step-brother that took her to the early morning hours. All she wanted to do was sleep the whole day. But that's the price for staying up all night. 

 She washed up and got dressed. Her birthday celebration was over and now it was back to her regular routine.

 She left her room and headed down the hall. She reached the steps at the same time as her step-brother, Prince Desmond, whom just a few short hours ago, she had finished going against everything she knew to be wrong. The two avoided eye contact as they made their way downstairs and to the grand dining room. 

 The King and Queen, along with their sister, Princess Demona, were seated. Desmond took his usual spot next to his twin while Victoria sat at her usual spot opposite them. 

 Princess Demona was surprisingly happy, which was completely opposite of her demeanor the day and night prior. Victoria was curious of this as she lost track of her sister as the night came to an end and she took Demona's place in their brother's bedroom. 

 "I have an announcement everyone." Demona spoke up gleefully. "This evening, I will be escorted to dinner by Prince Frederick of Lucin."

 "That's fantastic news sweetheart." The Queen praised.

 Desmond remained silent as he slowly and uninterestedly consumed his breakfast. Victoria, on the other hand, stared at her sister with a confused look. 

Frederick? she thought to herself. 

 Victoria was clearly mistaken when she assumed there was connection between herself and Frederick during their dance last night.

 "Where are you going?" The King asked, sternly but jokingly.

 "I'm not sure. He said one of the outer villages." she responded excitedly.

 "Good. Prince Frederick is a fine young man." The King answered while glancing to the Queen and nodding in agreement. 

 "Don't forget everyone. Your father and I will be leaving shortly for the Kingdom of Bilham to meet with King Alfred and Queen Marilyn about the new bridge. We won't be back until tomorrow evening. We'll make sure Bayard will oversee things and you'll have everything you need." The Queen added.

 The family finished their breakfast. The conversation was mostly dominated by Demona and The Queen. Desmond and Victoria were relatively silent before being excused. 

 They ascended the stairs together. Without sharing so much as a glance, they broke off to go down their separate hallways once they reached the top.

 ------------

 The excitement was almost too much to bear. Princess Demona had finished her bath and was frantically trying to choose the right dress. 

 "Grrr. He's going to be here soon. What am I gonna wear?" She spoke aloud to herself.

 She giggled to herself as she finally picked out a wonderful red dress with silver and white trim. She loved this dress because it was shorter than normal and hugged her body tighter than most of her others. She pulled the dress over her otherwise nude body. She added matching shoes and gave her hair golden blonde hair a few more brushes before hurrying out of the room, a beautiful, nervous wreck.

 The Princess was a vision of pure radiance as she stood out front of her castle's main entrance. Beams from the setting sun seemed to shine directly on her. She looked on as an elegant coach, drawn by 2 shiny black stallions, came to a halt. 

 The coachman hurried down and opened the door. Prince Frederick stepped out. He was dressed to perfection in a white princely suit trimmed in gold. He stood properly while she approached him. 

 "You look devine, Princess." he praised.

 "Thank you, Frederick" Demona responded.

 He bowed to her and assisted her into the coach. He entered after her and the coachman closed the door and quickly took the reigns of the horses and they departed.

 Demona couldn't believe what was waiting for her inside the coach. Frederick had gotten her a bouquet of her favorite flower, the magestic white tulip, a rare flower that Demona only had paintings of, in the hopes of one day owning one she could plant in her own enclosed garden near the castle. 

 "Where did you find these?" she asked in awe. "How did you know this was my favorite flower?"

 "You had paintings of them in your room. Several, actually." he replied.

 Satisfied, the Princess held the bouquet and inhaled the sweet aroma they offered. 

 "They're beautiful. This is the most wonderful gift I've ever received. Thank you."

 "You're welcome, Princess." he responded cooly.

 The two shared a smile. Frederick didn't take his eyes off her as she admired the flowers. 

 "So, where are we going for dinner?" she asked. 

 "To the east village of Angler." he answered.

 "Angler? That's quite a long way." she exclaimed.

 "I know." Frederick replied. 

 With that, he reached over and lowered the satin shades of the two windows of the coach, dimming the interior so that just the glow of sunset creeped through some small openings at the top. 

 He took the flowers from her and placed them on a fixture behind their seat. 

 Placing a finger on her chin, he turned her to face him and moved his lips to hers. She returned the gesture and their lips parted shortly after meeting and they engaged in a deep kiss. 

 Reaching down, he took her hands in his and pulled her to him. She went with the guidance and slid over onto his lap, facing him. 

 The Prince released her hands and slid his down along her hips and over her ass. Demona grasped his shoulder as they kept the slow, smooth kiss going. 

 Frederick moved his hands down and up under her dress, sliding them back up to her ass and bringing the dress with it. He continued bringing his hands up until the dress was pulled up past her waist. 

 The Princess broke the kisss. She looked into the Prince's eyes as she raised up on her knees and brought her hands down along his chest and to his pants. She loosened the ties of his silk suit bottoms. He raised up and she tugged his pants down, freeing his already full erection. 

 Bracing herself with one hand back up on his shoulder, she grabbed his manhood and guided it into her, the arousal allowing him to slide smoothly into her. Replacing her hand to his other shoulder, she lowered herself onto him, her eyes going wide as she took all of him inside her.

 "Uhhhhh." she moaned aloud. 

 Frederick leaned forward and took her into another kiss to supress the sounds of her impending moans. He replaced his hands on her ass and gripped her cheeks firmly. 

 "Mmmmm." she moaned into the kiss.

 Slowly, she raised and lowered onto his firm erection. He squeezed and kneaded her ass tightly, pulling her cheeks apart. The tips of his fingers grazed against her exposed anus. 

 Demona tried desperately to keep her moans to a minimum. She breathed heavily and let out low moans. Their opened mouths not even engaged in kissing anymore but just rested into each other. Their foreheads were pressed together and they gazed deeply into each other's eyes.

 The Prince, still gripping the Princess' ass tightly, began guiding her up and down, quickening the pace. Demona's body tensed as an orgasm began to build deep within. 

 Frederick's finger tips grazed her anus with more purpose now, lightly pressing on her and making small, circular motions. He continued rasing her and lowering her smoothly onto his hardened shaft. 

 "Oohhhhhh." she moaned out loud again. 

 She caught herself and tried to stop but found it difficult. Her breath quickened and her body stiffened as the rush of her orgasm built up and finally released. 

 The Prince kissed her deeply as he knew her moans would be loud. She moaned over and over into his kiss as the release seemed to take forever to subside. 

 Frederick did not relent as he continued to raise and lower her onto him. Her body went slack and she rested against him. With one final motion, he lowered her onto him and held himself into her. 

 He held her ass tight as he slid forward and turned around. Keeping himself inside her, he lay her on the seat of the coach. He released her ass and brought them up, pushing her legs apart, spreading her wide. He leaned forward and began to pushing himself into her with strong, pounding thrusts. 

 "Uhnnnnn" she let out another loud moan.

 He reached a hand up and slid his fore finger and middle finger into her mouth. She reached up and gripped his hand tight and sucked hard on his fingers. 

 Demona gazed at him through weary eyes. He looked back at her with intent as he continued to pound into.

 "Unnnnnn. Mmmmmmm" she let out as she sucked on his fingers to try and keep from screaming her moans.

 "Uhhhh. Uhhhhh." The Prince groaned. 

 He slowed his pace and eased up considerably, but continued gliding in and out of her. 

 "I don't want to make a mess of your dress, Princess." he spoke in a breathless voice.

 He slid out of her and he brought her to an upright sitting position. He removed his fingers from her mouth and guided his pulsating erection into her mouth.

 Demona had never done anything like this before so she was hesitant but willing. She took him into her mouth and almost immediately, he released his orgasm, firing streams of his semen into her mouth. The Princess slowly stroked him as she instinctively swallowed his orgasm. 

 Frederick pulled back and she let his erection fall from her mouth. He looked down at her with a satisfied smile. 

 "Your dress looks perfect." he announced. 

 Demona smiled as she watched the Prince struggle to get his suit pants up over his still full erection. He managed to get them up and tied but his hard on was still very visible. He helped the Princess to her feet and pulled her dress down, assisting her with getting herself composed.

 They sat down and she snuggled into him. He held her close and nuzzled into her golden hair.

 "That was so wonderful, Frederick." she admitted.

 "You were incredible, my Princess." he responded.

My Princess. I could get used to that. she thought to herself.

 The snuggled the rest of the ride to Angler. Once they arrived, they enjoyed a wonderful meal at a quaint eatery. They walked the streets of the village, laughing and enjoying each other's company. They found a spot on a cliff and enjoyed the picturesque scene of a bright moon and a sky full of twinkling stars.

 They returned to the coach just as most of the village merchants were closing. They didn't even make it out of the village limits when they eagerly relieved each other of their clothing and engaged in another ride of passion. 

 Demona couldn't help but notice that, while she was mostly the aggressor in her bedroom the night before at Victoria's celebration, Frederick was certainly the one in control tonight. They arrived at Frederick's Kingdom of Lucin. 

 "I have a cottage down at the river bank where I occasionally spend the night. You're more than welcome to stay with me." he said.

 "That sounds wonderful." the Princess agreed.

 The exited the coach and wandered down a path that led to the cottage. It was right on the river bank that connected Lucin with her own neighboring Kingdom of Magestica. They entered the small but comfortable cottage. 

 Demona looked out the window and saw the reflection of the moon off the still water of the river. She looked off to the right and she could see her own castle that wasn't far away at all. 

 She felt the hands of Prince Frederick wrap around her waist. She lay her head back against his strong chest as he leaned down and ran his lips along her neck. 

 He helped her out of her dress and scooped her up in his arms. He carried her to a large bed located on the far side of the room and lay her down. He removed his Princely silk suit for the last time that night.

 The two made love over and over for throughout the night before finally falling asleep in each other's arms, just before sunrise. 

 The End.