 Author's note:

Thank you all for the support you have shown with the first installment of 'The Kineticist'. As I posted in the comments on the previous chapter, I welcome any and all feedback on my work. If you feel there is something major you would like to discuss, be it stylistic choice or artistic vision, please feel free to message me directly. I read all comments and I would like to reply to them individually, but that doesn't seem to be the case unless I'm missing something.

I will be trying to keep a consistent publication schedule, as it stands hopefully every 7-10 days (4-7 days of writing, 3 for pending publication). If anything changes on my end, I will be communicating through the most recent chapter's comment section.

_________________________________________

Kara settled back in her chair, her fingers drumming erratically into her desk. She kept her face schooled into an impassive mask as Dessorosa's dark eyes bored into her from halfway across the system.

"So, to sum up this whole escapade, you succeeded in capturing the Imperial ship," Dessorosa started lamely.

"Correct," Kara replied tightly.

"But the entire crew is dead," He continued, his voice even and unhurried.

She nodded. She hated these drawn out impromptu debriefs. It was one thing to be lectured, another to have the whole event combed over in excruciatingly fine detail. It was like nails on a chalkboard for Kara, and Dessorosa knew that all too well. Maybe this was his way of putting a damper on her willful behavior.

"But not by your team," He folded his bridged fingers, pressing his thumbs against the bridge of his nose. His eyes closed as he took a deep breath before continuing, "You freed an Imperial slave, who just happens to be a Kineticist, and you let him rampage through the ship."

"I told you—" Kara began to protest before Dessorosa's raised his hand to stop her.

"Not only did he repaint the interior of the ship, but also destroyed six shuttles, wrecked the entire portside hydraulics, and fried the entire internal electrical system," His voice was strained, the irritation seeping through the mask.

"The electrical system was already fried before we got there," She replied hotly.

"Well, that just wipes away the rest! The ship was already fried, so fuck it right?" Dessorosa exploded. "Why the fuck didn't you stop him from eviscerating up my new ship?!"

Kara's fingers froze mid-beat, her temper flaring dangerously, "I did! What in God's name was I supposed to do? He wrecked a warship! I'm a pretty decent Kineticist in my own right, but he was in a whole new league. I had Mercy pull up the schematics for the ship, he didn't just fry the systems, he was the system."

The call went quiet as Dessororsa sat back in his chair. While his face was in shadow, Kara knew him well enough to see the working of his jaw as he struggled with this new piece of information. Minutes passed in strained silence before he collected himself, "Whatever you do keep the ship secured and the Kineticist under control. It looks as if the Imperium has changed the rules of the game, this could have ended badly."

"What are you going to do?" Kara asked quietly, her body sitting rigidly on the edge of her seat.

"I need to report this to the brass. This just got way too hot for our hands. How long until you return to Elysium?" Dessorosa's face looked drawn. His chaotic beard did little to hid the deep lines etched into his face, or the dark circles weighing down his eyes. He didn't like involving Coalition brass nearly as much as she, but he was right. This new development now concerned the Coalition as a whole, not just a single system.

"We'll be back in a month. The Imperial Kineticist is in surgery now, hopefully we can get something out of him before we arrive," Kara's fingers resumed their endless battering of her work surface; she wanted to go check in on the golden eyed man. There was something lurking deep beneath the surface that had kept calling to her.

"I'll contact you if anything develops on our end. Report to me immediately once you arrive. We'll figure out what to do with your guest once you arrive," Dessorosa fixed her with a pointed stare that brokered no arguments before closing out the call.

Kara forced her fingers to still, fresh waves of agitation rolling over her. Ever since the golden eyed man had clashed with her hours before, her heart hadn't stopped hammering inside her chest. She chalked it up to fear, to the vast powers at his command, but there was something more. Her whole being vibrated as their wills met, wild instinct lashing out before a much more profound set of emotions that seemed to be lurking just behind that wall.

The buzz of the intercom on her desk drew her from her thoughts, "Kara, is everything alright?"

"Yes. Come in, Mercy," Kara smiled as the meadow skinned Komodous slipped quietly through the door as it slid open.

"How pissed was Dessorosa?" Mercy inquired, moving to perch on the edge of her desk.

Kara sat back and let out an exhausted sigh, "Pissed. He is pushing this up the chain. Our guest appears to be making ripples, and we aren't even back home yet."

Mercy rested a slender four digit hand on her thigh, "Things are changing. I can feel it."

Kara couldn't help but feel a sense of foreboding, "Is that good or bad?"

The Komodous spun Kara in her chair, the deceptively strong hands moved to massage the stiff muscles around Kara's neck. She leaned in close to her ear, a long forked tongue gently caressing the sensitive curvature as she breathed, "Change is change. Good and bad are subjective to the individual. Embrace it before you are trampled as it passes."

Kara shivered at the delicate tongue's ministrations, an involuntary groan escaping from between her lips. The tension eased from her shoulders as Mercy's expert fingers kneaded her flesh. Her fingers moved up Kara's neck, stroking the delicate angles of her face and throat. Soft lips trailed cool relief down her sensitive skin reverently, before fitting smoothly into her own.

"How can you be so blasé about this?" Kara murmured when their lips parted.

"Your duty is to run the ship and watch out for its crew, mine is to watch out for you," Mercy smiled warmly.

"And the ship," Kara reminded her, reaching up to cup the Komodous' face in her hands.

"Yes, and the ship," Mercy agreed distractedly, as her hands drifted lower to running over the grey strike suit that still encapsulated Kara's body. Her dexterous fingers deftly undoing the fastenings down the center seam before slipping under to explore the heated skin beneath.

Warmth blossomed between Kara's thighs, dewy wetness soaking into the suit as her thighs ground together. She moaned into Mercy's lips as her sensitive breasts were teased and toyed with. Kara pulled Mercy astride her in a smooth and practiced motion, pulling her head forward to crush her lips back against her own. With her free hand she desperately pulled open the rest of the constricting fabric to grant unhindered access to the questing fingers. Her hips twitched as Mercy pinched her sensitive pink peaks, sending jolts of pleasure ricocheting between her head and thighs.

Kara's tongue darted out to taste soft reptilian lips, the surprisingly soft skin tasting of blackberries and the warm gusting winds of spring. The scent of Mercy's own arousal reached her nose, the spicy musk flooding her mind. Their tongues dueled against each other, soft mewling noises emanated from Mercy's throat as Kara's teeth sank into the leathery scale-like flesh of her neck.

Kara's own hands found new hunting grounds on the Komodous' fleshy mounds, the taut skin coalescing into dark brown nipples that grew stiff under her thorough attentions. The mammalian reptile squirmed as the wetness from her own sex skated across the hard planes of Kara's stomach. Taking one of Mercy's nipples in her mouth, her tongue languidly licking over the stiffened skin, she let one hand drift down to stroke inquisitively against the slick lips of her lover.

"Please, Mistress," Mercy whispered, her hips grinding insistently onto her fingers.

Kara slowly pressed her index finger deep into Mercy's core, the tight walls undulating around the invading digit, trying to suck it deeper into its heat. The Komodous' hips jerked as Kara's finger found the delightful bundle of nerves that elicited a breathy cry of passion. She flexed her finger over the nodule, pressing and stroking relentlessly against Mercy's channel as it constricted and convulsed around her dancing finger.

"Mistress, don't s-stop," Mercy groaned into her ear, her body beginning to tremble as she rapidly rose to a thunderous release. Kara felt Mercy's fleshy tail dig energetically against her own arousal, rubbing the fabric over her heated lips.

"You clever girl," Kara giggled, her teeth nipping lightly at a one of those delicious brown delicacies. She spread her thighs to give more access to the nimble appendage as it snaked under her suit and began to grind itself on her swollen lips.

Kara eased in another finger into the girls quivering flesh, her thumb tracing tantalizing circles around her rigid nub, and was rewarded by a scream of pleasure that tore out of Mercy's chest. She went limp under the vigorous attentions of Kara's fingers and tongue. She began to convulse, her eyes rolling as determined digits pushed the insensate girl to new heights.

"Mist—" Mercy gasped, clutching at the blonde sending electricity through her thrashing body. Her tail writhing against her heat, spreading wildfire through Kara's body, "Can't--"

Mercy gripped Kara's wrists, desperately trying to pull her hands away from her overstimulated sex, but struggled as new waves of painfully sharp pleasure tore through her.

Mercy desperately gulped for air, "Please!"

Kara slowed her fingers, but didn't stop. She smiled sweetly up at the trembling girl that clung to her, "You can't what, Mercy?"

"I can't—" Mercy convulsed violently once more, splashing Kara's toned stomach in hot juices. "Please, no more. I can't cum anymore!" She pleaded.

"Alright, put that tongue and tail of yours to work. I'm positively aching!" Kara helped the girl down to her knees, before rising and stripping off the soaked fabric that hung around her hips.

Mercy's eyes were glazed as she flicked her tongue across the soaked lips of Kara's sex, a small intake of breath the prefect invitation. Mercy spread Kara's thighs wide, forcing her to sit on the edge of her chair. A devilish tongue teased her clitoris while a thicker, fleshy appendage pushed into her slippery depths.

Kara squeezed her eyes closed, the muscles of her core roiling as her lover speared her straight to the core, stretching to accommodate the writhing tail. Mercy's ravenous consumption of her nectar, coupled with the satisfying fullness between her hips rocketed her towards her own intense climax. Her fingers clawed at the arms of her chair as she bucked against her lover's face, fire and lightning ripping her apart as she coated that jubilant woman with her approval.

"Holy shit," Kara gasped, her body shuddering in the aftershock of her heavenly release. A soft wet popping sound made her core twitch once more as Mercy slowly withdrew her talented tail from between her legs, "That was intense!"

"It was deeply satisfying as always, Mistress," Mercy smiled, her tongue darting forward to lick her own sweet residue off Kara's stomach.

Kara looked down at her little love lizard, a content smile playing across her lips. Once Mercy had finished her tongue bath, she dragged Kara into the bathroom for a proper shower. They took turns washing each other, the hot water washing away the days tension from their bodies. Mercy's cooler skin was always a delightful contrast that allowed her to melt against her lover, content to stand under the shower head until the bite of frigid water chased them out.

They both kept a set of spare clothes in the bathroom closet, as their usual meetings tended to end in much of the same way. Kara tied her hair in a loose ponytail as she threw on a black crop top and baggy combat fatigues that hung low on her hips. She had stolen them from Celtic a few years back and the black and green material had to be belted to stay on her hips and folded back on itself to be secured in her boots.

Mercy looked at her with appraising eyes as she pulled on her own light gray body suit, her anatomy not quite suited for human clothing. Her face and torso were very similar to humans, but instead of hair, Mercy had thin semi-translucent frills that cascaded from her head in a continuous wave of amethyst and sapphire ridges down her back to the base of her tail. The top of her head was dominated by two smooth horns, a slightly darker meadow green than her skin that began at the crest of her head and flowed backwards in a smooth shallow arc before flaring out behind her delicate pointed ears.

The Komodous also didn't usually wear pants or any sort, mainly due to her reptilian haunches. Much like the prehistorical carnivorous lizards that inhabited Earth hundreds of millions of years in the past, Mercy's legs were heavily muscled and supported by switch back knee structures that ended with her weight balanced on three wide toes terminating in three inch talons, a forth larger talon supported on the inside of the foot.

Kara met Mercy's stare with a sparkling smile, moving to help the Komodous adjust her attire, "Thank you. I really needed this," Kara wrapped her arms tightly around the woman.

"I am here for you always, until the eternal suns vanish from the sky and the darkness comes to return us to whence we came," Mercy said softly, leaning in to kiss Kara's cheek.

Kara breathed in Mercy's scent, filling her lungs with the unique and comforting fragrance. They had been together for six years, ever since their fathers had brought them both to a trade summit between the nomadic Komodous and the Coalition. They had taken to each other almost instantaneously, much to their father's delight. They hadn't planned on their daughters to become so amorous.

"Shall we go check on our resident meat heads in the med bay?" Mercy intertwined their fingers. Kara smiled and nodded as they departed Kara's office with a lightness of foot indicative of their new found sense of ease.

The doors to the med bay hissed open to reveal the banged up duo of Hunter and Buck. They both had their heads bandaged, and Hunter had his arm in a sling. They both brightened once they saw Kara, grinning with knowing smiles as they keenly observed the slight flush of her skin..

"Cap'n, good to see you!" Hunter grinned.

"You are a sight for sore eyes," Buck didn't try to hide his roaming gaze.

Kara cocked an eyebrow as she flicked Buck hard on the nose, "You seem to be no worse for wear."

"Oi! I'm injured here," Buck protested, rubbing his nose gingerly.

Kara was about to respond when their resident doctor, Nico, stepped out of the decontamination chamber. She stripped of her surgical gown and pulled a bandana from her hair, letting her chestnut locks tumble down around her shoulders. Her keen gaze swept over the two injured boots, then gave a pointed look at Kara, "It's always a pleasure to see you Captain. I would hate to have to remind you that assaulting the medically infirmed is frowned upon by Coalition regulations."

"Just testing his reflexes, I just couldn't find your little hammer thing," Kara said innocuously.

"Right, how could I have missed that? Buck why didn't you remind the Captain that the 'little hammer thing' is in the top drawer on the left next to the medical cabinet?" Nico rolled her eyes.

"The what in the where?" Buck's look of confusion brought out giggles from the three women.

"It's a good thing higher brain functions aren't your strong suit," Nico gave him a somber look.

"His concussion might actually be a god send," Kara eyed him speculatively; "He might actually become smarter than the average bear!"

"Hey! I'm plenty smart," Buck grumbled.

"I know dear," Nico pinched his cheek affectionately. "You're just too fun to tease."

Kara smiled at the tender look between the doctor and the marine, a sense of pride that her crew was not only a well-oiled machine, but also as extremely tightknit unit. Almost all Coalition military had a strict policy against internal fraternization in crews, for good reason too. Love and friendships got in the way of making the hard decisions when the time came. It was one of the main reasons she and Mercy had become private sector.

Intimate relationships between officers and subordinates led to deadly lapses of judgement when things turned sour. In Kara's experience, while those things turned out to be true, the bonds between her crew became an exception. Friends fought harder to protect friends, Lovers defying normal limitations to save and protect each other. Families protect each other no matter the cost, and those values truly transferred over into the crew of The Cerberus. When things inevitably turn south, as they have an extreme tendency to do, everyone trusted Kara to make the right choice. It was a weight that rested heavily on her shoulders, just as it did for the rest of her officers.

Mercy squeezed her hand gently, "It's a wonderful thing we have here."

Kara's stomach grew warm as she watched her crew, but her eyes drifted towards the surgical suite, "Embrace change, huh?"

Nico caught Kara's ponderous stare, her expression turning serious, "Captain, if I may have a moment in private?"

Kara nodded, following after the doctor into the decontamination chamber. The doors sealed behind them, the light on the door turning red. She pulled a small respirator from the wall and secured it over her face, once secure the chamber filled with a thick opaque gas the left a slight tingling sensation over her skin. The light on the opposite door flashed green once the process was completed.

She followed Nico into the suite and the pair stopped beside the table in the center of the room. The Golden Eyed man lay still, his breathing smooth and rhythmic. Several IV's were attached to him, flooding his system with revitalizing fluids containing vitamins and Medi-cell compounds. She noticed two emptied blood bags in the biomaterials waste basket, reinforcing just how much blood he had lost in his struggle.

"As you can see he is stable now, but is extremely weak," Nico walked over to her console next to the table tapped out a few commands, before nodding in satisfaction. "I had to give him two separate blood transfusions and we are keeping him sedated currently. From Buck and Hunter's report, it seemed to be prudent."

"Did you get an update on that machine he was hooked into?" Kara had received an initial report from Mercy and her team, outlining the warship and its tech repository. Most of it had been heavily encrypted and they were still working on it, but they had managed to dig something up about something called a 'Kinetic Driver'.

"Yes, I received an update from the team Mercy put on it. This 'Kinetic Driver' is a nasty piece of work. You can get the technobabble from them, but it seems like the power source is definitely a human Kineticist," Nico pulled up a holographic rendition of the design, highlighting the spokes of the gyroscopic looking machine, "The 'Power Source' as it is dictated, is suspended in this engine, and is heavily medicated. The drugs used stimulate the mind to dangerous levels while causing extreme dissociation in the subject."

Nico signed at Kara's blank expression, "They trap the Kineticist inside their own mind. They keep the body just healthy enough to keep the brain alive while they continuously inject it with stimulants and anti-inflammatories to maximize energy outputs and reduce cerebral strain."
