 Author's note: Some parts of this Lovecraftian tale will contain dark elements and non-consent. I'm eager for feedback, so please leave a comment.

*****

Abigail's mind and body gradually settled into a new rhythm as she drifted through the Fall semester at Miskatonic University. The foliage around campus was peaking later than usual, and the crisp, clear weather lured Abigail outdoors and seemed to help suppress the influence of the Knife that was her constant companion. She had even taken up Maria's invitation to attend a Halloween party the week before... it was almost like being a normal freshman.

But Abigail knew she living beneath a thin veil of normalcy. Regardless of the fresh New England air, Professor Ward's thrice-weekly elixir was the essence her sanity depended on -- today was Monday morning, and all she could think about was getting his cock into her mouth. Anthropology was her last class of the day, and then she'd race to his office and wait for the other students to finish with their inane questions....

She sat down in English and checked her phone. RaptorChick had sent her a few messages since their Skype chat, but Abigail hadn't responded until this morning. From the corner of her eye she saw a boy sit down a few seats away and check her out -- not unusual, but where did she know him from? Maybe the Halloween party?

Before he could approach, the professor started class and began lecturing about the structure of short stories -- what could be more useless? Abigail fidgeted in her seat and played with her phone to distract herself from the longing between her legs. Mondays were the worst... two days since her last elixir, and she felt like a dog in heat. Maybe the boys could sense it or something....

Her phone pulsed -- finally, a response from RaptorChick.

RaptorChick: "There's a lot I can tell you, but only in person. I can send you money to fly. When can you come to London?"

Abigail snorted. Free candy van? Seems legit.

Abigail: "Why only in person?"

The boy was definitely checking her out, and when she met his eyes he didn't turn away but merely nodded to her without a smile, as if they shared some secret. She turned away and tried to focus on the lecture. Something something Doyle, Lovecraft, Poe, Salinger, Bradbury, something something. She took some notes she knew she'd never read again.

RaptorChick: "The internet is not secure. Some topics can attract the wrong kind of attention. I do not trust it."

Abigail: "I don't trust you."

Who did she trust? Professor Ward seemed to be sincerely trying to help her, but he's the one who got her into this mess with the Knife in the first place. And now -- purely by coincidence, of course -- she was giving him blow jobs on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. Just thinking about his smell made her wet. She wanted him to fuck her hard and fill her with his come... but that was the Knife, right? Mondays were the worst.

As for Victoria... well, the woman obviously didn't like her. Was she jealous of Abigail's "relationship" with the Professor? Or the Knife? Or was she worried about something else? She frequently brought up a girl from the past named Emma who had died because of the Knife, but she wouldn't give Abigail any more details. Maybe she was just a jerk.

RaptorChick: "I don't trust you either, but I think we are facing similar situations. We should work together."

Abigail stashed her phone when the professor dismissed class. Homework: read some anthologies. Easy-peasy. She gathered her stuff and made for her favorite tree in the Quad to eat lunch. A couple of her friends met her there and seemed happy to see that Abigail was acting normal again, despite the huge Knife on her hip that they never noticed. She did her best to engage.

"Halloween was awesome, right?" Erin asked.

Faith agreed, her usual bubbly self. "Isaac already texted me three times! It's like, ok buddy, I get it!"

Abigail smiled and said, "But did he get it yet?"

The girls broke into giggles and Faith hotly denied it. "What about you, Abby? Isn't that Joseph over there staring at you?"

Abigail turned and saw the boy from class sitting about twenty feet away, still fixated on her without an ounce of shame. Faith waved at him playfully and called him over, but he ignored her completely.

Abigail shrugged. "He's kinda creeping me out. Do you guys know him?"

"My brother graduated high school with him two years ago, but otherwise not really. He's cute though," Erin said.

Abigail bid her friends farewell and headed towards math class, keeping an eye out for Joseph. If he was a junior, why was he in her freshman English lit class? She normally sat in the front for math, but today she sat in the back; the professor began reviewing the homework and there was no sign of Joseph... but maybe Abigail was getting paranoid, because she caught two other boys giving her the same odd look.

Abigail snarked to RaptorChick : "I'm doing great. What situation are you in?"

No response. Maybe she shouldn't piss off her one lead? Ward, Victoria... what about Professor Armitage at the Orne Library? He claimed that Punchau's memory was all he had about the Knife, but he offered her access to his esoteric collection in exchange for "interesting" memories -- of which she apparently had none. But should she trust him with any memories related to the Knife? He said he'd be more helpful if he knew more, that he could weave together the threads of history for her if he just had a few more threads to start with. Professor Ward seemed to trust Armitage, whatever that was worth.

The class wound down and Abigail noted the problem set. More derivatives, yay. Anthropology was next, and it was hard not to run to Jermyn Hall. She didn't see Joseph again but would have sat in the front row even if she had. She took deep breaths and tried to calm her pounding heart as Professor Ward strode into the room and began writing on the chalkboard. Her pussy was wet already, and she found herself fingering the hilt of the Knife when she should have been taking notes. The analytic part of her brain knew that her physiological response to Professor Ward was simply due to her dependence on his elixir... but it sure felt like horny desperation anyway.

"The Huaca del Sol was built in several stages over the course of centuries, and was the largest man-made structure in the Americas for over a thousand years," Professor Ward said, laying out the temple's footprint in chalk and then sketching an elevation beside it. "Can anyone tell me the temple's primary purpose?"

Abigail's phone pulsed with a message from RaptorChick: "Just tell me where to send the money, Punchau."

Professor Ward swung his pointer down, snapping it against the barrier in front of Abigail's front-row seat. "How about you, Miss Carter?"

Abigail was startled up from her phone and trembled under the Professor's gaze. Huaca del Sol? "Human sacrifice," she said. How could she forget?

"Very good, Miss Carter. Intact iconography in the lower chambers -- along with many thousands of decapitated human skeletons -- make it obvious that the Temple of the Sun was used for centuries as a site for ritual human sacrifice. These sacrifices were made to ensure victory in battle, good weather for the crops, and general well-being for society. In contrast, the nearby Huaca de la Luna gives no indication of being used in this way. Can anyone tell us the leading theory for the purpose of the Temple of the Moon?"

"Keggers?" came a voice from the back and the class laughed, including Professor Ward.

"You're not far off, Mr. Lund," Ward said, and glanced at his pocket watch. "Let's leave that for Wednesday, and I'll bring in some artifacts I recovered from the Temple of the Moon on my last expedition. Class dismissed. Office hours in the East Tower until five. Give your term papers proposals to Victoria on your way out."

Abigail fiddled with her phone while the other students filed out. A few lingered to talk with Professor Ward or Victoria, but she was quickly left alone in the auditorium. Her legs twitched with anticipation, but there was no hurry... Ward would be occupied with other students for a while. Why had he called on her, of all people? Just because she wasn't paying attention? And what would she tell RaptorChick?

After several minutes of indecision she put her phone away and slid her fingers under her dress between her legs. Anthropology was the last class of the day, and she was unlikely to be disturbed. Mondays were the worst, and she was hot and bothered to the point of agony. She pushed her panties aside and purred to herself as her finger caressed her wet pussy lips, imagining it was Professor Ward's tongue. Was he ever going to fuck her? She wanted to feel his hard warmth slide into her....

"Ahem, Miss Carter?"

Abigail just about had a heart attack when the voice interrupted her daydream. She closed her legs and buried her hands in her lap before turning around -- flushed and sweating in humiliation. Victoria was standing at the back of the room holding a stack of papers. "What? Yes? Victoria?" she stammered.

The slender brunette arched an eyebrow and clutched the papers against her chest with both arms. "Despite your extra credit work, you still need to turn in your proposal."

Abigail turned crimson and dug around in her backpack until she found it. Unable to say a word she dashed up the stairs of the auditorium, eyes on the floor, and handed the paper to Victoria before running out the door. She could feel the grad student's smirk burning across her back as she zigzagged through the twisted corridors at random, just trying to disappear. She couldn't really escape... Victoria would be in Ward's office later. Observing. Recording. Abigail shrank into the corner of a deserted hallway and cried for several minutes, cursing the Knife even as she cradled it against her skin.

When the distant church bell tolled five she wiped her eyes and stood up. Office hours were over. She took a deep breath and made her way to the East Tower stairs that spiraled up into the gloom. The lights never seemed to work properly here, and Ward seemed to take a perverse pleasure in his antiquated surroundings. As Abigail ascended the exertion warmed her blood and quickened her breathing, and lust blossomed in her tummy as she approached the top floor of the tower.

The outer office was empty, and when she knocked softly on the inner door Professor Ward beckoned her to enter. The office was in its usual state of casual disarray, and a fire roared in the fireplace to offset the chill in the Autumn air. Victoria was already there, of course, and it looked like they had already begun reviewing the students' proposals. Ward removed his glasses and laid them down on the stack of papers, near a vial that held a swirling golden liquid -- her elixir. The desk was otherwise clear, with little indication of modern technology anywhere.

"Remove your clothes, Miss Carter," Professor Ward said as the door clicked shut. He looked angry, and Abigail froze in her tracks.

"What?"

Ward came around and leaned back on the front of his desk, replacing his glasses on his nose. Victoria watched silently with a barely suppressed grin. The Professor pointed at the rug by his feet and Abigail stepped forward hesitantly. "Remove. Your. Clothes," he repeated.

Abigail didn't know how to respond. Usually she sucked him off and that was that. Was he going to fuck her now? That thought made her heart palpitate and her legs tremble. But... he sounded pretty upset. "Professor Ward, what's going on?"

He crossed his arms. "Get out."

Abigail stared at him, and then at the elixir. "Professor... I can't. I mean, you know what will happen if I don't get the elixir...." She couldn't fall back into that pathetic lunacy again, barely able to leave her dorm, pussy raw from endless, unsatisfying masturbation....

His eyes softened somewhat at her pleading tone, but his voice was still hard. "Then remove your clothes, Miss Carter."

She bit her lip and looked around the room. The Elixir. Ward. Victoria, with her arched eyebrow and her camera phone -- documenting everything for research. Taking a deep breath, Abigail unbuttoned her cardigan and dropped it to the floor. Then she reached around her back to untie her sundress and pulled it up over her head. An unbidden thought: at least her bra and panties matched. She clutched the thin cloth of her dress against her stomach. "Everything?" Professor Ward nodded. She dropped the dress to the floor and then out of her sandals, kicking them aside. Staring out the tower windows at the sunset, she unhooked her bra and slid it down her arms onto her rumpled dress. Her nipples were achingly hard despite the warmth from the fire. With a final grimace she pushed her panties down over her hips and kicked them into the pile with the rest of her clothes. She gripped the knife in white knuckles like a shield across her pussy.

Professor Ward stared at Abigail's naked body, drinking her in with his eyes. After a few seconds of silence he said, "Don't be such a slob, Miss Carter. Fold your clothes and set them by the door. The Knife, too."

Abigail blushed even harder if that were possible and quickly gathered up her clothes from the floor. With shaking hands she folded each piece and then placed them all in a neat pile by the office door, laying the Knife on top with a twinge of anxiety -- but at least she could let it go without a total mental breakdown... the elixir worked. When Abigail turned around she was looking straight into Victoria's phone and her arms scrambled to cover her nakedness. Professor Ward had pulled his chair around the desk and was sitting down.

"Kneel here in front of me, Miss Carter," he said, pointing again at the floor. Abigail obeyed, but he still didn't look happy. "Straighten up. Cross your arms behind your back. Grab your elbows." 

Abigail darted a quick look at Victoria but then did as she was told, trying to keep his instructions straight. "Professor Ward, why are you doing this? The elixir is working --"

He cut her off. "When were you going to tell me about RaptorChick?" he asked, staring straight into her.

She hesitated. "How do you know about her?"

Ward sighed. "Miss Carter, I told you I've been keeping an eye on you. How am I supposed to protect you if you don't trust me?"

Abigail looked up at him. "I need you, but why should I trust you?" It was hard to be forceful while she was kneeling naked at his feet, but she spoke as firmly as possible. "You got me into this mess with the Knife, and your way of protecting me is... well... blow jobs three times a week?"

Professor Ward laughed. "You think I'm taking advantage of you, Miss Carter? I'm accustomed to a lot more than three blow jobs a week from the same girl. Crafting this elixir consumes a great deal of my potency, both mystical and physical. I've got dozens of women who'd love to suck me off -- among other things -- and I have to turn them all away because of you. However, as you have correctly pointed out, your condition is my responsibility. Believe it or not, I'm doing what I can to help."

Abigail didn't know what to say to that, but she believed him about the other women. Several of her friends had crushes on Professor Ward, and they'd probably be quick to spread their legs for him. So would Abigail, for that matter, if he'd just take her. Her pussy was throbbing, aching to be touched.

Ward grunted at her silence. "Now I'm going to punish you because you hid RaptorChick from me. Get up and bend over my lap, Miss Carter."

Abigail's eyes widened. "You're going to spank me?"

"That's right. Now, Miss Carter. I don't enjoy waiting." 

This was weird, but what choice did she have? Abigail stood up and approached Professor Ward in his chair, and then awkwardly crouched to bend over his lap. His hands grabbed her naked hips and firmly pulled her into position with her butt cheeks under his right hand and her head dangling down to his left. His left hand pulled her arms together high behind her back and held them by the wrists. And then he began spanking her.

Abigail yelped. "That hurts!" she gasped, surprised at the force of his blows.

"Did you think I was playing around?" Professor Ward asked, in between strikes to her bottom.

Abigail struggled against his grip, trying to shield her butt with her hands, but his fingers were like iron and easily held her arms away. Her head swung back and forth and her feet kicked wildly as he hit her butt over and over, eventually bringing tears to her eyes and drawing out deep sobs.

He paused the spanking without releasing her and gave her a few seconds to collect herself. "Now I want you to apologize, Miss Carter."

She sniffled loudly and wiggled on his lap. "I'm sorry," she forced out.

He spanked her again several more time and Abigail cried out in pain. "You're sorry for what?" he asked.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you about RaptorChick," she groaned.

He spanked her again on each cheek and then abruptly pressed his right thumb into her dripping wet pussy. Abigail's groan turned into a squeal and her hips pushed back to impale her pussy deeper onto his thumb. "Apology accepted, but I hope you've learned a lesson today," he said, flexing his thumb inside her and making her pussy spasm.

"Yes, sir," she gasped.

When he pulled his thumb out of her and released her arms, Abigail slid off his lap and collapsed to the rug at his feet, bawling in pain and rubbing her butt with her fingers to try and soothe her burning skin. Professor Ward stuck his thumb forward and she stared at it, soaked with her juices.

"Suck on it," Ward said, and Abigail leaned forward and took it into her mouth. His thumb was a lot smaller than his cock, but it still tasted good as she sucked her own wetness from it. With his other hand Ward downed the vial of golden liquid in a single draught and then undid his pants. His cock was already extremely hard, and he popped his thumb from Abigail's mouth and grabbed her hair. Pulling her face to his cock he said, "Get what you need, Miss Carter."

With tears still pouring down her face Abigail sniffled and opened to receive Ward's cock. It was hot in her mouth, and despite her pain it was a sweet relief to feel his meat sliding against her tongue. Her butt was too tender to rest down against her heels in a kneeling position, so she perched up over the Professor's lap and lowered her mouth slowly onto him. How she longed for it to be her pussy instead of her mouth, but she couldn't risk getting pregnant, not with the Knife in her possession. Still... "Can I... Professor, can I touch myself?"

"Go ahead, child," Professor Ward said, twisting his fingers into her curls and drawing her mouth deeper onto his cock. Abigail reached between her legs and found that her pussy was electrified from the spanking, and dripping wet. She swirled her juices around her clit and moaned, muffled by Ward's cock pressing against the back of her throat. It didn't take long for her to reach the precipice, and Ward groaned as her mouth tightened on him and her body exploded in ecstasy. She panted on his cock as waves of pleasure rolled through her body and she tried to imagine how amazing it would feel to come with him in her pussy.

The Knife was thick and heavy in Abigail's hands as she sucked the Professor's cock, and the ridges on its handle slid rapturously over her pussy lips. She'd been waiting for just the right time to slide it into her body, and she moaned loudly as she pressed pommel against her opening. Her pussy seemed to reach for the Knife, pulling at it... and then suddenly it was gone and Abigail felt a weight against her back.
