 This is my first story ever on Lit! I've been reading for awhile lol, but I am very excited to upload this and hope you all enjoy it! It's a bit of a slow boil at first, but work with me! Please tell me if you like it, suggest anything you think I should work on. Please and thanks! 

Hugs and Kisses~ 

Aven 

***** 

I clambered into my bed shaking the rest of the water from my curls and pulling off my glasses. I tossed them onto the bedside table and pulled my covers up to my chin. 

"No weird dreams Laura." I chided myself quietly and closed my eyes. I had made a bad habit of dreaming about having sex with people who I didn't know, nor would the gender particularly matter-- I just needed sex. 

I opened my eyes and waited for them to adjust to the dim room. My apartment was small, but it was all mine in the middle of nowhere Arizona, where the winter air was dry and stifling. I had made the decision to move from Georgia to Arizona to establish basic independence from my otherwise traditional African American family. 

"You don't need to go to Arizona." My sister told me. Two years younger, but all the more bossy. 

"We've got the best here, you have no excuse to go to Arizona." 

"Well I want to go. It's not really your decision if I want to go or not." 

"So you want to leave me?!" was what my mother had exclaimed in her bonnet and nightgown the evening I told my parents. "Mom, I'm nineteen. I've got to get out of your house some time..." My father stayed silent as my mother and sister went back and forth chiding me over my decision. When they had finally exhausted themselves and found that my stubbornness had won, they puffed out their exasperation at me and then marched up stairs with a cool glare in my direction. My father stayed seated on the dining room couch. 

"Well Pops, say what you gotta say..." 

When he finally looked up, I saw the tears in his eyes first, but behind those tears was a huge smile and a twinkle. "Well now, lookie here. My first baby is grown." I smiled and fought back the tears threatening to spill out of my eyes. "Pops, you know I don't want to hurt you guys, this is just me wanting to be independent." He nodded slowly and motioned for me to sit next to him. "Baby, I know you're just staking out your independence, but why do you gotta go so far? What'll you do if you get in to trouble? You're gonna leave your old man to rot away in this house alone?". 

My father and I were always very close. He taught me about sports and I would watch baseball with him on his lap. The memories were still flashing through my mind when I answered him, "Pops, I love you. I always will be here when you need me. If you ever need help, you know I'll always be the first one there for you." He smiled and I winked at him. His nickname for me was "First Responder", after working as a firefighter for 45 years he retired. Naturally, I had his personality and I would always be the first one to answer the door, get the phone, or run to help someone who had fallen. 

I looked at his face as he looked down again. "I know Baby. I want you to do what you gotta do and I love you." He patted my hand as he started to get up and I with him. "You know I love you, and if you ever are in trouble, you just come right on back to home base and you'll be safe." 

The next two days, I packed, bought my ticket, finalized my lease, and said good bye to my family and left for Arizona. 

I pulled my thoughts back to the present. It had been almost five months. School was going fine. I had a part-time job at a grocery store a couple blocks from my house and had a couple associates to hang out with, but I was still missing something. I rolled over in my bed and stared at the wall I had filled with pictures of my family. I knew I would miss them, but I just didn't know how much. I made a silent prayer in my heart for their health and prosperity then I finally went to sleep. 

Crack. 

The lightening bolt slammed down to Earth and jolted me awake. The thundered boomed and there were more flashes outside my bedroom window. I grabbed for my glasses and put them on. "I don't remember them saying we'd get a thunder storm..." I slid upright in bed. How odd. The lightening cracked again, but it sounded much closer to my house this time. I got up and walked through the bedroom down the short hall to the kitchen and dining area to get a better look from the balcony. 

"Beautiful isn't it?", a calm voice spoke from the corner of my kitchen. I jumped around and my eyes searched for the mysterious voice. The figure leaned back against the refrigerator and lifted it's head. "Who the hell are you?!" I shrieked. My hand slammed into the light switch, but it didn't turn on. I flicked it a couple more times and the figure laughed. "The storm took out the power. It tends to do that when went it goes unfed." I got the sense the individual was smiling, but I wasn't about to ask why. I grabbed the cutting board, which happened to be closest to me and held in up in self-defense. "If you think I'm going down that easy, you got another thing coming." Again the figure laughed and I got the sense I was speaking to a male. A genderless voice, but all the same still pleasing to listen to. 

The remembrance of the voice sent chills down my spine and made my pussy ache with a heavy need. I hardly noticed when the figure began to move away from the refrigerator towards me. "I see my voice has taken effect finally. I must say, I've never encountered someone who took so long to respond to my voice, but you don't seem like the average woman." I scowled. "Damn straight, you pig!" I hefted my cutting board and moved to swing when his fingers brushed my ribcage. 

It was an almost innocent touch, but my fingers lost their grasp on the cutting board. Instead of clattering to the floor, he caught it and laid in gently on the counter. 

My mind was reeling. 

That feeling. Oh, that feeling. When was the last time you felt that Laura? I pulled my mind remorsefully back to reality and got ready to fight, but the figure was so close. Too close. I backed up right into his waiting arm and he pulled me into his chest. "You shouldn't be afraid. What will take place tonight is not something that should hurt in the slightest. I do apologize, but I may have to be rougher with you since my time is short." His words floated to my ears like feathers on the wind and I lost all ability to move. My arms were like lead weights and my legs were rooted to the floor. "Please don't." I whispered, the fear sinking in slowly. The figure was so close I could finally see his smile. "Why beg to not have something you will love? After all, kisses have always been free." His smile broadened and my mind tried to register what he had said. 

I was barely beginning to comprehend when his lips met mine. At first it was soft. A little too soft I thought and as if he read my mind, he held my face and began to kiss me deeper. His lips coaxed mine open. His tongue slid into my mouth slowly and teased my tongue to life. He tasted like an aged rum and I sank my tongue into his mouth savoring the taste. 

It was like a dance I knew all the steps to, but never learned. His tongue guided mine around his and as he moved to pull away my mouth closed around his tongue, sucking the flavor away as he withdrew it from my mouth. I could feel the saliva trickling down my chin, but I didn't care. My eyes finally fluttered open and caught a glimpse of his half smile. He sighed, content and seemed to be waiting for something. 

I opened my mouth to speak, but instead a moan escaped. Then it finally hit me. My body felt like raw nerve endings; bordering on painful, but exquisitely sensitive. He dragged his fingers down my spine and it felt like he was drawing a trail of flames down my back. The heat resonating from his finger tips pooled in my sex. 

"So responsive, yet so delayed..." he muttered quietly, "I wonder if I'll have enough time...". His words fluttered against my neck and his lips immediately followed kissing a lava trail to my collar bones. I was wearing a thin baggy shirt for the heat and it came down to almost my knee length, but it left my neck and shoulder wide open, awaiting his lips arrival. 

"mmphhffhhaaa", I could feel his smile and his tongue flicked out to taste my skin. Everything began to pulse with it's own heart. My nipples, my vagina. My skin felt like it was vibrating to the bass of a loud sound. "YES!" I whispered hoarsely. My fingers finally moved. They grabbed for his body like it was water in the desert. His shirt was thicker than mine, but did nothing to hide the toned body underneath. He paused his affair on my neck to let me explore him and revel in it. As my fingers slipped under his shirt I finally heard his breath hitch. A deep inhale, a sharp exhale. His body was beautiful. He was disgustingly hot, but delectably electric. The muscles rippled and folded smoothly into each other and his skin seemed like a smooth canvas to cover the artwork. 

My fingers left his abdomen to explore the muscles on his chest. He inhaled sharply again and his body closer to mine. I gasped when I felt him and as he chuckled lightly. " You like to tease, but my love I don't have time... I need you and if you keep going, I'll just be forced to take what I need and leave you unsatisfied. I would hate to do that to you..." he breathed out harshly into my ears. His words stirred an urgency, but before my body could respond, his fingers intertwined in my hair and he shattered my thoughts with a kiss that made my legs wobble and finally give out. 

We sank to the floor and he pulled my top off and tossed it away from us. Then he pulled his shirt over his head, but left it strapped around his armpits on the back of his neck, so I could feel his chest against mine. I listened to him unbuckle his belt in the darkness, and realized my nipples felt like they were going to squeeze themselves if they weren't touched. The hard nubs threatened to explode if their electricity was not checked. My fingers slid up to my breasts and were about to graze the flesh when he grabbed my wrists. 

"No!" He said sternly. "Those are mine to molest and torture." I made a whining sound like a child and he laughed heartedly, but otherwise did not release my hands. "Pleaseeeeee!" I begged. I saw a glint of white and knew I had made him smile again. "Never have I encounter someone as riveting as you dear. Fine. You get your wish. You'll be sorry you begged me for this and not something else in a moment, but I suppose you'll find out about that soon enough." and with that his mouth clamped around one nipple and he sucked it ferociously into his mouth. "Aaaargh, fuck yes!" I growled. He released my hands but they immediately clamped to his body. One to the back of his head and the other to hips, which were painfully close to mine, but not quite. I tried to lower my hips to meet his but it wasn't enough. His violent sucking was making me gyrate against his lower abdomen, not exactly reaching the place I wanted. 

His tongue flicked against the nipple hard and fast, violently perfect in speed and texture until he finally released it and began the process on the other nipple. "Uuuhhhaha! God you're so good at this!" My hips rolled into him again and he finally moved his waste up to let me rub my frustrations against him. I knew I was dripping wet, but his boxers gave me even more friction than my underwear and I knew I was on the verge of breaking when I soaked through his boxers. "Come on Baby, rolls those hips for me.", he growled from my breast and continued to assault my nipples. He switched between the nipples quickly and I rubbed myself against him and he began to roll his hips into me as well. 

I was dangerously close to an edge. I was so ready to fall, but I wanted to savor every moment. His fist closed over my breast painfully as he left off my nipples to hump my pussy. "Come on Baby, give it to me.", his voice commanded and my body rolled harder into him. He responded in kind and our hips gyrated to an almost painful rhythm. It still wasn't enough though. I needed something to push me over the edge and so did he. His arm slide under my backside as my arms hoisted my hips off the floor to have more mobility, his hand clamped to my ass and he helped me roll into him harder. He slid his hand beneath my underwear between my ass cheeks while our hips were still moving, a finger grazed my rectum. 

The simple touch sent electricity to my pelves and it slammed up into him harder. "FFfuck!" His hand slammed to my throat closing around it tightly and another involuntary violent roll sprung free. "Yes, yes, fuck Baby like that." he muttered. I made a guttural noise, but he was squeezing the sides of my neck. I could breath, but the blood flow was making my head feel exquisitely tense. His finger slid into my ass and he began to pump his finger in and out while thrusting my harder into him. "Oh fuck Baby! You like that don't you?! I should've known all along, you nasty fucking whore!" His thrusting got more violent as he pumped his finger in my ass and my legs curled around his hips. "Don't stop! Please, don't stop! Fuck me! FUCK ME!" I screamed as loudly as I could. All I could see was stars, but I could feel my climax coming. Our humping had become shorter and shorter until it was just us fucking with underwear when our orgasms hit. I inhaled all the air I could get then screamed as a rush of fluids spilled out of my vagina threw my underwear and through his boxer's onto his hard cock. He kept rubbing through my orgasm and his hand tightened on my throat when his orgasm finally hit. He growled slammed into me while his cum mixed with all my fluids and spread over the two of our bodies. He rubbed slowly until the last drop of cum was out. I breathed deeply and collapsed onto my back and he crawled up to all fours. The sweat dripped off of him and slid onto my body. 

"Dear God..." he began to laugh and I started to laugh too and then cough. "I'm sorry. You'll probably have bruises. That was the most intense one of gotten with half my clothes still on." He said chuckling. He slid a hand against my raw pussy and I moaned in agony. I still wanted more. He hadn't really fucked me yet. He laughed and I was instantly furious. "Well come on! Is that really it, you're just gonna leave me here and not finish the job?!", I said incredulously. "I told you I only had so much time. The storm has nearly passed. I must go.", he said. I hadn't even noticed the storm. It had stopped registering to my mind. I tried to listen and I still heard the patter of the rain and a softer roll of thunder, but it wasn't nearly as hard as when I first woke up. 

He pulled up his pants and buckled his jeans. "Please stay!", I begged. That was the second or third time tonight...when did I become so needy? "I gotta go Baby, I'm sorry.". He held my face in his hand, kissed me one more time deeply and slid past me to the balcony-sliding-glass door. He opened and stepped onto the balcony and for the first time I saw him. Red hair and a black base ball cap. Grey T-shirt and dark blue jeans. I pulled myself together. 

"Will I see you again?!". 

"Unlikely I'll see you, but you might see me." 

He had turned half of his face toward me in the light of the moon and lightening. It was enough to see under the baseball cap. His smile was beautiful, but where his eyes should've been was nothing, but smooth skin and with a flash of blinding light, he disappeared from my balcony. 

I ran out to try and make sense of what my eyes had seen, but he was truly gone. It was as if he never came. 

And the storm was gone. Only a little water remained of the worst storm that woke me to a man who filled the night with passion. Who also has no eyes. Cause you saw no eyes. YOU SAW NO EYES! My hands clamped around my head and I released it. I was getting a headache. 

"Let's just take an aspirin and go to bed Laura." I shut and locked the kitchen balcony, although the night before I was sure I had done that any way and went to sleep, hoping in the morning I would be able to make sense of all that had happened.  

I got to class a couple minutes before the professor with enough time to ask the other students if they woke up to a thunder storm in the middle of the night. 

"No, there wasn't any storm last night. I was awake until about 2:50am, cause I was pulling an all nighter for another class." Vicky answered. "Yea, I was awake too and I didn't hear anything, maybe it was just near where you live." Michael suggested. I blinked like I had just unfrozen time. No storm last night. Guy with no eyes. Virtually no proof he was even in my house. Was I fucking dream?! What the hell?! 

I took my seat and attempted to process this new information, when the professor walked in. I started to pull out my notebook, but then I realized that the individual that walked in wasn't the professor. The man walked to the front of the class and started setting up his things. "Good morning class," he said, "your professor isn't feeling well and asked me to cover for him today. He told me where you guys supposedly left off and just in case you forget, we're starting the on the science behind thunder storms." 

I stared at him. I kept staring until I could figure out why I was staring. His voice. His hair, that mouth. Um, that's not possible... "You must be Miss Brown." He looked straight at me. Aside from the change of shirt and jeans this could be the same guy that was in my house last night. Except this one has eyes. Beautiful light green eyes that seem to sparkle. He harrumphed and I pulled myself together from gaping. "Um, yes sir. Sorry. Yes, I am Miss Brown. Can I help you?" I answered. "Your professor told me you'd be rather helpful and inquisitive during this lesson. Can I count on you to help me make the time pass?". He smiled, and my brain reeled. IT'S THE SAME FUCKING GUY! HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?! "Yes, sir. I've got home base covered." I tried to reply casually. I looked away, but felt his smile and eyes on me still. "Awesome! Then let's get the game started." 

Two guys. One with eyes, one without. The same features and build on both bodies. No storm. No proof last night ever happened. Are you losing it Laura? 

I looked back up again. His back was toward me. I need to know if it's the same guy. I laughed to myself and how I would be able to find out. Guess you'll just have to seduce him and see." I smiled as another student asked him a question. 

"Excuse me, but what's your name?" Colin asked from the back left hand corner. 

"Oh, I apologize. It's Nicholas. Nicholas Allen."