 Co written with AverageJoe for your pleasure – one wild night, two views!

The Knight and his Wench

You are a lonely stranger when you walk into my bar, there's an aura of command about you, hooded and in a long cloak you conceal yourself from the prying eyes of the regulars. You glance around the bar with weary apathy sizing up the atmosphere before you order one drink and sit alone at a table in the tavern's darkest corner. I imagine I can feel you watching me with intense eyes. I can't help but glance over at you as I go about my duties. There's something about you that makes me nervous but I am drawn to you.

I can almost feel your eyes on me as I sway around the pub but I never see them. Your entire face is hidden within the depths of your cloak. Soon the bar is too busy for me to think further about it. I flirt with the customers as I serve food and drinks and collect my tips. I glance over at your table often wondering if there is anything I can do for you but you nurse your drink never giving me the opportunity to go over. 

The top of my dress is low enough to show off my cleavage, the buttons straining slightly over my bust, and the skirt is short enough to draw a man's eye. I am no whore but men tip 'eye candy' a little better than the 'old maid' and I needed the money. I had no plans to be here for the rest of my life serving food and drinks. The innkeeper was already snoring in a corner and I snorted. He drank most of his profits and left all the work to the barmaids. He would probably retire to his rooms soon and leave me alone to close the bar down. That was fine with me though I had no desire to share my tips with him at the end of the night. I was good at my job and I moved about the bar with ease, ignoring the occasional 'accidental' grope and pat on my arse. I didn't encourage it and I didn't like it but making a fuss would do no good! The night seemed to last forever, the patrons leaving slowly for their own beds reluctant to brave the cold of the night.

At last I am alone. I check the bar one last time before popping the top two buttons of my dress allowing the air to cool the upper curves of my breasts, I sigh and rest for a moment appreciating the peace. I roll my shoulders feeling my breasts strain against the confines of my dress. I stretch, and sigh again reaching high into the air and arching my back then I bend to the floor trying to ease my tense muscles. Finally I pull the pins from my hair and let it fall about my shoulders. I run my fingers through it, with my eyes closed. Enjoying the relief of having my hair down, I shake my head rousing my hair to float about my shoulders in an auburn halo.

--------------------------*----------------------

My eyes hide behind the veil of my cloak, as I sit in the corner I have claimed, surveying the room. My eyes constantly scan the room alert for danger. As I relax a little in the hubbub of the bar my eyes begin to follow you. I wonder how such a beautiful woman hides in such a place. You are a tempting morsel, curvy and strong. I have come here to find a woman to satisfy my urges having been in the wild for too long. I am not driven by compassion, just lust, yet I bide my time, gently nursing my drink, watching you imagining you naked under me, and I fight to keep my bulge under control. I shift adjusting the fit of my trousers so I can sit in relative comfort as I wait patiently and watch carefully to see if another claims you.

I wait for the moment you are alone and there is no escape form my hungers. Slowly the night begins to draw to a close and still I wait content to watch as people trickle away. I have plenty of practice watching, anticipation of the chase, of the struggle makes the final submission all the sweeter! I sit back into the shadows around my table so that I am hidden from casual view

Slowly the bar empties. I hear a few offers thrown in your direction and I have to clench my hands and council myself to patience to stop myself from striding across the room and claiming you then and there. I see the disappointment in their faces as they are rejected. I smile to myself; I have no intention of giving you the opportunity to reject me!

I watch from my corner as you relax enjoying the uninhibited natural sensuality of your actions. Your back is to me and I can tell you don't know I am here watching you. Your guard is down and you have dropped all your pretenses. I wish I could see your face as I hear you sigh but for the moment I must be content to watch; I don't want to alert you to my presence yet. I imagine your full breasts straining you shirt as you stretch you arms above you. 

My cock nearly explodes from my trousers when you bend over displaying your delectable arse to me. The hem of your dress rides up till I can see the curves of you ass at the top of long lean thighs. I decide then that I want you like that; bent over your ass pressed against me as I fuck you.

I finally allow myself to move silently up to you when you release your hair so that it falls in silken waves around your shoulders I have been waiting to see what you would look like with your hair down all night. As I draw near you I feel your scent in the air, making my lust boil. I move closer still, you are unaware of my presence until I slide my hands around your waist, and turn you so I can look into your eyes. You tense and I feel you draw in a deep breath. I don't know if you are going to scream or not as you struggle instinctively against my hold. I tighten my hands around your waist in warning and your struggles subside.

----------------------*-------------------------

I feel hands slide around my waist and I panic. I spin, I want to scream but there is no one to hear me. My eyes widen as I realize who has captured me it is you, my mysterious stranger I gasp and try to pull away. Your hand grips firmly around my waist your fingers stroking against the upper curves of my arse, you thumbs pressing into my stomach. I feel the threat of your strength as your fingers tighten momentarily in warning. I stop struggling and watch you as a rabbit watches the wolf.

"Sir you have to leave, the bar is closed!" I beg in a small voice. I try to pull away again but you hold me close, pulling my body against yours, your arm slipping around my back like a band of steel. I tense as I feel your arousal hot and hard against my stomach

"Please Sir let me go!" I beg desperately even though I know you wont. My eyes widen as you tell me you want me and I start to struggle again, pushing against your chest trying to break away from you. I want to submit, to give myself to you but it scares me. Desire curls tightly in my belly but I fight it, knowing somehow that it will change my life forever. 

"No," I cry fighting myself. "Please Sir you have to let me go!" I twist my hips against you trying to escape but you hold my hips tightly against yours and I only succeed in rubbing myself against your cock. You let me struggle within your arms allowing me to arouse myself as I rub against your body.

"Please," I beg again, but even I am not sure what I am begging for! You push back your hood and I gasp as I see your face, your eyes spear into me seeming to pin me in place. Your face is handsome and rugged but your eyes are intense drawing me to you. Your eyes drop to my chest and before I can guess your intention you rend the front of my dress spilling my breasts out, your eyes heat as you stare at me for a moment then your mouth descends. I swallow unable to move even if I wanted to. I open my mouth to beg you to desist but the sound turns into a moan as you mouth closes over my nipple.

I bend backwards over your arm involuntarily, arching my back and offering my breasts as a feast for you. My breathing begins to come hard and heavy panting through my mouth as you tease my breasts

I press my hips against yours and with each nip of you teeth, each lick of your tongue my hips shift restlessly rubbing over you caressing your cock, and I feel it grow against me. I can feel the heat of it through our clothes, as it lies throbbing against your thigh, pressing eagerly against the front of your trousers.

I can do little more than submit to your caress as my body betrays me - I am yours to do with as you wish, and your wish is to see me, you tear my dress away and I am left naked before you, vulnerable and aroused. Wanting to give you back the pleasure you are giving me I reach for you cock stroking it through your trousers measuring it with my hands. I rub it through he rough fabric of your trousers. 

I want more; I want to touch you, hesitantly I reach for your fly pulling open the buttons one by one until you surge through the opening into my hand. I swallow suddenly nervous again at the size of your cock. I run my fingers over it stroking it, exploring, watching my hands and feeling it throb under my fingers as you continue to tease my breasts, the skin is smooth and hot under my hands.

------------------------*---------------------

"I have been alone for so long, and I crave the touch of a woman, and not just any woman from the local house, I want you, and you will submit to me." My voice is low and confident as I state my wishes. I watch you intensely judging your reaction to my words. I stare deeply into your widening eyes, as you start to feebly struggle against me, I can see the fear in your eyes but I can see desire smoldering in the depths of your gaze. 

All that time in the woods, the time with nature has enhanced my senses, I can smell your growing lust; can smell that you want me. Your attempts to escape only make me harder and more determined to have you. I shake back my hood to allow my head to be free, before tearing at your dress; I rip the buttons open, exposing your perfect breasts to me, so pure and untainted. I lick my lips at the sight suddenly starving for a taste of you. I hear your shocked gasp but I pay it no heed. I lower my head till I can nibble and lick the nipples, biting at your breast hearing your cries subside to only breathing as you give your self to me.

I feel your body begin to submit to me and I realize that now you are mine, that your body belongs to me. You arch your back pressing the smooth flesh of your breasts against my mouth. While you enjoy the heaven of my mouth over your perfect breasts, I grasp at the seems of your dress, and completely tear it away from you, leaving you naked in my arms, yet all you do, is wrap your arms around me submitting to my desires. I feel your hand descend to pleasure my growing cock and I suck harder on your breasts leaving my mark all over them nipping at them with my teeth and sucking the sensitive skin into my mouth so that your breath sighs out with every mark.

You reach for me and I feel almost as if I am ready to explode from your touch alone. Your hands are so soft and smooth as they touch my cock, and it feels so big against your small hands. I can feel the hesitation in your touch and it drives me wild, but I won't let you pleasure me that way. I want to ensure you are thinking of nothing but me before I take my pleasure in your body. I push you away from me and you take two steps back one hand seeking the bar for support. You look hurt and afraid, worried that you have displeased me. I walk forward purposefully, the corners of my mouth turning up in anticipation and you cower away afraid I may hurt you. I wonder how could I ever hurt you look like and innocent goddess standing before me. 

I lift your chin up and kiss you forcefully. I press my lips against yours and lick over them nibbling and sucking them into my mouth. I lick along the seam of your lips and they part for me on a gasp. I thrust my tongue between your lips and caress your mouth urging you to kiss me back. I murmur my pleasure into your mouth as you tentatively return my kiss your body leaning into mine. Just when I never want to leave the kiss I move from your lips and start my kisses down, over you breasts kissing the small bite marks that litter them, then past them skimming kisses over your beautiful stomach to your groomed pussy glistening with cum, ready for me. I lean forward to kiss your clit before letting my tongue envelop it. One hand wraps around your thigh holding it up spreading you open for me so I can drink deep of your heaven, the other hand probes your sweet pussy, giving you uncontrolled pleasure 

--------------------------*------------

You push me back and I look up at you, worried I have done something wrong. I step backwards and you follow I flinch worried what you are going to do. I relax again as your lips take mine and my knees go week as you devour my mouth dominating the kiss, your mouth feasting upon mine. You kiss me as if you would devour me from the mouth down. I kiss you back diffidently stroking my tongue over yours as you thrust into my mouth.

I moan in disappointment as your lips leave mine, but it soon turns to anticipation as you leave a trail of kisses over my chest and around my breasts. My eyes are fixed on you as you slowly tortuously go to your knees in front of me but your position knows nothing of submission. You control my body entirely and we both know it

I am Breathless with anticipation as one of your large hands wraps around my thigh holding me open so your mouth can feast upon my glistening pussy, sucking on my clit. Your other hand strokes my slick petals caressing them, separating them before pressing your fingers into me; first one stroking deeply into me testing me, then two. My pussy grips your fingers as you thrust them into me. I press my pussy against your face my body unashamedly begging for more. My hips buck against your fingers driving them deeper into my body and you respond by driving them faster into my body. My eyes are transfixed at the sight of your dark head between my thighs your tongue tortures my clit your fingers stretching my sheath preparing me for your ultimate position. You press a third finger into me and i have to bite my lip at the feeling of being streached for you. 

"More please... more" I beg needing you trying to draw you up my body. You draw away from me and slowly remove your fingers making me think you will heed my plea. You just grin up at me before burying your face and driving your fingers back into me giving me no mercy as you play my body higher and higher

------------------------------*------------------

I hear your plea but it just spurs me on. I am determined to taste you as I force you to cum from the pleasure of my touch.

I draw even deeper into you, my tougue tastes your body, as you submit to my will, you start to move you hips to my finger thrusts, I want to put more than three fingers to pleasure your pussy, but you are so tight, I don't want to take away from the pleasure when I stretch you with my cock, which now feels like it is ready to explode in my trousers.

I never want the pleasure of your scent to leave me, I devour deeper tasting you with my tongue as I thrust my fingers in and out of your quivering pussy. I feel your body start to convuse under me, as you reach the point of no return, you have to steady your self on the bar, instead of letting up I increase my assault holding your hips tighter against my face. I keep you on the edge of pleasure your every breath comes out as a cry until you finally moan out, "Oh Goddess" and slump against the bar weak and shaky, you want to cry out my name but you don't know it. I can see the question in your eyes as you look down at me. Even as your body begins to feel normal again, I still sip from you, lapping at the sweet taste of your cum. My tongue plays over you gathering your desire; you quiver with each slow stroke.

I can't hold back my lust any longer; I want you. I stand up and see the look of joy on your face, you want to ask me something but I just your head between my hands and kiss you letting you taste the sweetness of your cum. I can't hold the kiss for long, my cock screams at me. Touching you is sweet torture, your bare skin scalding my senses through my clothes as I hold you close. I draw away and lick my lips tasting your desire. I can feel the heat from your pussy, it drives me wild and I lose control finally giving in to the demands of my instincts. I need you, and I will take you as my own. Make your body mine, the sweet place of your pussy, will now be a home only for my cock. I press you down my hands on your shoulders.

"You are mine now," I whisper in your ear. "I want you, and I want you to pleasure my body, now get on your knees and please me, and if you spill any drops when I explode I wont fuck that sweet pussy of yours." My words are crude but I can see the heat they bring to your eyes as you allow me to push you to the floor. I test you with my words seeing how far I can push you in your desire.

--------------------*----------------------

My knees are still shakey from cumming and I dont resist as your hands push me to my knees. Your words fill me with heat and call to a part of me long buried. I stare at your cock of a second marveling at it. Impatiently you press on my head and I open my mouth tentatively obeying your unspoken command. My hands rest on your thighs I press my lips to the tip of your cock kissing it before parting my lips and taking it reverently into the heat of my mouth I close my lips behind the head and bathe it with my tongue exploring it. It is heavy as it rests on my tongue and I can taste the salt of your skin tempting me to take more as I brush my tongue over the tip. I alternate between short wet flicks and long slow lapping motions as I caress the head. 

Sucking deeply, I roll my lips down your shaft. Taking as much as I can into my mouth run my tongue along the underside laving it until I am forced to retreat. I pull back retreating until I can caress the tip again. I worship your cock with my mouth. Using one hand to support myself I wrap my hand around the base of your cock. You are too big to take all the way into my mouth and I want to touch all of you. 

Slowly I work you back into my mouth bobbing back and forth as I gradually take more and more of your throbbing cock until the tip is resting against the entrance to your throat. I feel your hands slide into my hair and I and I moan around your cock your hips buck and your cock presses against the back of my throat making me swallow. The muscles of my throat caress the head and I try to back away. Your hands in my hair hold me still for a monument enjoying the sensation but you release me and I back away. I look up at you through my lashes. 

You are staring down at me your eyes are heavy with lust as you watch me and I realize I've done that to you. I eagerly lean forward again taking as much of your cock as I can, I suckle on it caressing it with my tongue. Using my lips to stroke you I bob up and down on the shaft, my hand following my lips so I caress every inch of you. I watch you through my lashes as I move learning what you like to better please you.

Your hands tense in my hair and your hips begin to thrust against my mouth I suck deeply as I submit to your cock taking as much of you as I can. I wrap my lips closely around your shaft using my tongue to caress you as you stroke your cock in and out of my mouth. I move to meet your thrusts until I get what I am looking for. Your cock jerks on my tongue and I taste you salty and potent as I willingly swallow your seed.

-----------------------------*---------------------

You have the most heavenly mouth; all those months alone without touch had made me forget how to enjoy such pleasure. My shaft is too big for you to take me all you seem to glide your mouth around me. The muscles of at the entrance to your throat caress me every time my cock plunges to the back of your mouth and you moan making your mouth vibrate around me. I can't take so much of this pleasure, I regret it not lasting longer but I can't hold myself longer. I thrust once more holding still as my cock jerks, errupting in your mouth you continue to suckle me drawing out my pleasure as you swallow my cum.
