 A strange little box arrived in the mail today. Keri looked for the return address, but what there was of it was not anyone or any company she recognized. The real problem with the return address was that it apparently was not printed with waterproof ink and was badly smeared. None the less, it was addressed to her and that part was perfectly legible. An innocuous little box, about six inches square, all brown cardboard with brown paper sealing tape holding it shut. Keri set the little box on the kitchen table and sorted through the rest of her mail, with most of it being junk mail and going straight into the trash unopened.

Finally, she turned her attention to the little mystery box. She got a small knife out of the kitchen drawer and cut the tape. Inside was a mass of bubble wrap. She pulled the mass of bubble wrap out and opened it. There, finally, was a bright fuzzy yellow ball that almost looked like a tennis ball, except that the lines of a tennis ball weren’t on this one. A set of plastic lips appeared to be stuck to this odd little ball. Red lips, not unlike the wax ones sold in novelty stores. Under the ball was a folded up piece of paper. Keri set the odd little ball down and unfolded the piece of paper. Maybe this would give her a clue about what it was and who sent it. There were just four printed lines in the middle of the page. They read:

You must be completely naked and sitting down to use this Kissing Ball.

To turn it on, say “Kiss me, kiss me, do.”

To turn it off, say “Kiss me, kiss me, not.”

This Kissing Ball only works three times.

Ha! Yea, right, she thought. Like this thing is actually going to do something? What was it supposed to do anyway, jump up in the air and plant one on her lips? She wondered who sent this and if it was some sort of practical joke. One thing was sure, she wasn’t going to get naked right here in the kitchen and try it. She glanced at the windows. Nope, not open. She had the blinds down as it was a hot day and she had been trying to keep the sun out while she was at work. No, no one could know her habits and think they could send her this little thing and get her to strip in her kitchen so they could see her naked. None the less, she wasn’t about to get undressed and try it. 

She left the Kissing Ball and it’s directions on the table and went off to her bedroom to get out of her work clothes and into something more comfortable. Having never gotten completely nude, she never thought to try the Kissing Ball. Keri paid scant attention to the Kissing Ball the rest of that evening, making a quick dinner for herself and watching some television. 

Finally, much later that evening, Keri took a shower before otherwise getting ready for bed. After the shower, now clad only in a terry robe, she went back to the kitchen for some ice water. She noticed the Kissing Ball on the table. She smiled, and finally said, kiss me, kiss me, do. Nothing happened. She read the instructions one more time to see if she had it right. She did. Then she read the first line again. Oh, she had to be nude and sitting down. She carried the little Kissing Ball into her living room and over to the couch. Keri noticed that the clock now read eleven o’clock. She set the ball and page of directions on the couch, dropped her robe to the floor, and sat on the edge of the couch nude. This is silly, she thought. I’m an idiot for even trying this. She rolled her eyes and slumped back against the back of the couch. “I’m really way too tired for this nonsense, she muttered.” But, now that she was following the instructions to the letter, she said the turn-on phrase one more time: “Kiss me, kiss me, do.”

The little ball slowly arose in the air about a foot, the lips now looking very real, and it quickly moved around in front over her above her crotch and slowly lowered itself between her slightly parted legs. In wide-eyed complete disbelief, Keri moved her legs apart as the Kissing Ball descended to crotch level with the lips aimed directly at her pussy. She stared at it in complete disbelief. There was no noise and it was floating in mid air! It paused there for a few seconds without doing anything. Then the lips parted and a very real looking and very long tongue came out and licked over the lips. It appeared to be waiting.

While Keri thought this was all very strange, there was nothing threatening about the little fuzzy yellow ball with lips, and the way that tongue had licked the lips, it even looked erotic. Okay, it looked very erotic. There was nothing about sex she liked better than being eaten by a guy with a talented tongue. She moved her legs a little further apart.

The Kissing Ball, still floating in the air, now moved in toward her until the lips touched her sex lips. The lips on the ball were warm and soft. It kissed her pussy. Then it kissed her again. Soft gentle kisses. Finally, the tongue slipped out and parted her sex lips and gave her whole pussy a slow sensual licking, starting down by her sex opening and culminating with a firm pass over her now aroused clit.

“Oh God!” she groaned, “I love this kind of kissing. I hope it makes me come.”

The little ball seemed to understand and now went to work. It licked her again, then sucked in the inner lips of her sex and tugged on them. The tongue slid into her sex a surprising distance, deeper than any lover had been able to get his tongue, and began to massage her G-spot. Soon it withdrew and began to lick slowly and sensuously over her engorged clit. It wasn’t in a rush. It took its time, making her state of arousal grow and grow. When she was getting close to coming, the fuzzy yellow little ball moved down her slippery sex slit and began to probe her opening again. It was teasing her!

“This is heaven,” she whispered. “I could stand this for hours.”

The Kissing Ball and its tongue never seemed to tire. It certainly never uttered a word much less a complaint in any way. It was like it knew when to do something, what to do, and where to do it.

After what seemed like half an hour, Keri couldn’t stand it any longer. The Kissing ball had her nearly coming a countless number of times. Finally, she wanted to get off – no more teasing. “I wanna come,” she pleaded. “Oh please make me come. No more teasing. Please make me come.”

It seemed to understand that too. The Kissing Ball went to work on her in earnest now, probing deep into her sex, and then treated her aching, wanting clit to a merciless onslaught of licks and kisses. 

“Oh God YES!” she screamed as a powerful orgasm started. She sat there holding onto the couch cushions for dear life, her head firmly plastered back against the back of the couch, as her body bucked and thrashed with her orgasm. It lasted longer and was stronger than any she ever had. Keri nearly passed out from the pleasure. It lasted and lasted – wave after wave of pure pleasure passed over her – orgasm after orgasm. She lost track of the number of orgasms and the time. When she couldn’t stand it any longer, she finally muttered the phrase, “kiss me, kiss me, not.”

The Kissing Ball stopped what it was doing, gave her one final gentle lick, then a soft kiss, and moved back from her. It paused for a second then dropped to the floor, rolled a little, and came to rest between her feet.

Keri was weak from pleasure. She sat there gasping, catching her breath. Her crotch was soaking with her own sex juices. She had just come like never before in her life – and in spite of the number of orgasms and the length of time this all had gone on, no part of her pussy was sore! What was that thing? she wondered. 

Finally having recovered from the experience, she leaned forward and picked up the Kissing Ball from between her feet where it had stopped. She held the fuzzy yellow ball in one hand and looked it over. The lips were back to a plastic appearance. The ball seemed like it was incapable of doing anything on its own. She glanced at the clock again. How long had all of this taken? Now the clock read one minute after eleven. All of this had taken place in one minute or less? With her other hand, she snatched up the set of instructions and read the last line: This Kissing Ball only works three times. “Wow,” she whispered, “I’d better be very careful with this.”

Copyright by Art, July, 2003, all rights reserved.