 There is a creature deep in the southern forests known as the Spider King. According to legend, this evil being has four arms with fingers tipped in claws, the strength of a dozen men, inhuman speed, and the ability to spit a sticky, strong substance similar to spider silk. Oh, and treasure. Lots and lots of treasure.

It is my duty, as a paladin of the realm, to seek out evil and eliminate it, in the name of my king, my country, and my God. The Spider King is a being of great evil, left over from the dawn of civilization, when he bartered with false gods to become unaging. Therefore, I have journeyed deep into the southern forests with the goal of slaying him. Many of my order have undertaken this quest. None have succeeded, and few have returned. I am the first woman to begin this journey. I will, by the grace of God, be the one to finally triumph.

It took me many days, many battles, and a great deal of searching to find The Spider King's lair, but I have finally done it. The local fairy folk, beings of less than a foot in height, pointed the way, with the usual riddles and requests for bribes. And much giggling. Unusual, that. They are seldom merry in this day and age, as the Church's policy towards them grows less lenient. They are neutral beings, not evil, but the current clergy find that just as abhorrent. In the night, I wonder whether they are right. But it is blasphemy, of course, to doubt the priests, who speak with the voice of the one true God.

I shake my head to clear it of such distracting thoughts, and survey the forest warily. The trees here are large and old, with little underbrush on the ground between them. Nothing moves. No animals. No birds. No insects. Not even a slight breeze. The forest is watching. Waiting.

Just under the place where a partially fallen, rotting tree meets its healthy neighbor is a hole, just as the fairy folk said. It is large, but mostly lost in the shadow of the long dead behemoth and the surrounding giants. I sit at the edge of the hole, and then slide down into darkness, ducking my head to avoid cracking it on the trunk above.

The light from the entrance fades quickly as I continue down the earthen tunnels. Fortunately, I have a stone imbued by a priest with the light of my God. It is one of my most precious possessions, second only to my sword in utility, as I must often travel in darkness. When I activate it, it sheds a bright, slightly blueish glow which passes through the skin of my hand, outlining my bones. With my other hand, I draw my sword.

The tunnels are gradually transitioning from soil to stone. I slow my pace, and soften my footsteps, but I can still hear the sound my boots make against the surprisingly smooth stone floor. The passage opens up into a room. I lift my holy light stone high above my head to push away the shadows around the edges, and see the glint of gold.

I take a step forward to get a better look, and I am immediately struck from behind. My light stone clatters away. I stumble forward, never losing my grip on my sword, and whirl.

The Spider King is sitting, crouched, on a protrusion of stone above the chamber's entrance. He is magnificent to behold. His four arms are thick and muscular, with smaller claws than I expected, and his chest is equally muscular, bare of clothing, and very broad. He will make a fine trophy. I find myself having difficulty believing him capable of speed or grace until he leaps from his perch, landing behind me and striking me yet another blow to the back of my head. I whirl again and sway, dizzy from the abuse, but keep my sword in the guard position, as I have been taught.

He is smiling. "You will regret having found my cave, paladin," he tells me. Then his eyes widen in surprise. I abruptly realize my helmet has been knocked off.

"A woman," he breathes. I take advantage of his distraction to strike. He jerks back in time to prevent me from skewering him, but I draw a line of blood across his chest. First blood. Victory shall be mine.

I press the attack, shouting, "Die, foul beast!"

He avoids my strikes handily, backing away. "Do you really find me foul, my lady?" he asks, peering with bright green eyes from under black bangs and long lashes.

I don't, not really. He is actually quite attractive, especially in only a loincloth. But I can't tell him that. "Evil is always foul in my sight!" I proclaim, dodging an almost lazy flash of silver claws.

"Really?" he asks, relaxed and curious, almost as if we were meeting at a party, not fighting in a dank cave.

"Yes!" I answer in almost a grunt as I strike, yet again, and again draw a thin line of blood as he dodges.

"Why are you here to see me, then, if I am so foul?" He takes another swipe at me, and I again dodge it easily.

"Because, by the will of the Lord, evil must be slain!" Is he even trying to hit me, I wonder as I dart away from his claws.

"How do you know I'm evil?" he asks. "It has been, oh, hundreds of your years since I have done anything you might consider bad. What if I've changed my ways?"

"You murdered my fellow paladins!" I retort, as I aim for his neck. "That's evil!"

He dodges. "I defended myself when they invaded my home. Surely that is acceptable, non evil, conduct?"

I frown. I never thought of it that way. "They were doing their duty! They were sworn, as I am, to defend the land from threats!"

"As I said, it has been a long time since I have done anything evil. How am I a threat?" he responds. "How is sitting alone in my cave threatening anyone?"

I can think of no reply to this question, so I stay silent, concentrating on the fight.

"So why are you here, if not to dispose of a threat?" he asks, eyes glinting from the shadows. He is now between me and my light stone. It makes him difficult to hit.

"You're still evil!" I grunt. I am starting to get out of breath.

"Just by being?" he asks. "Is evil really something you just are?"

I don't answer. The current leadership of the Church would have responded to his question with a definitive yes. But, alone in my bed at night, or on the ground beneath the stars, I wonder.

"So, if you aren't here because I am evil, or because I'm a threat, why have you come, lady?" He smiles. "Is it because of my treasure?"

"No!" I grunt. "I've never even..." Gasp... "considered it." But we both know it is a lie.

"Hmmm... Killing someone for treasure... That kind of sounds... Evil. If it wasn't a paladin doing it, of course. But that brings us back to out earlier question. Is evil something you are? Or is it something you do?"

I step away as he advances, and feel the cold of stone against my back. The bastard. He was distracting me with his serpent tongue, and has maneuvered me against a wall. I will need to finish this quickly now. I lunge, aiming for his heart.

He catches my blade between his hands, and snaps it off effortlessly near the hilt. Throwing the broken blade aside, he grabs the wrist of my sword hand and forces it up against the wall. He leans his head back, and jerks it forward, letting loose a glob of what can only be his webbing. In an instant I, now weaponless, am stuck to the wall.

"You evil bastard!" I cry as I try to free my hand.

"There's that word again," he says, mockingly. "Do you truly know what it means? Perhaps I'll show you."

He spits again, and again. My legs are now stuck as well. He snatches my final free limb. I fight him with all my strength, but he slowly forces it against the wall by my side. "There's no escape now, paladin. You may as well stop fighting," he tells me, sounding almost kind.

"Go to hell!" I shout as his spit traps my free hand. "Go to hell and burn!"

"Maybe. Someday," he says, absently, looking me up and down. His eyes linger where I'd rather they wouldn't. My breasts are small, but still noticeable beneath my leather armor. My checks burn.

His claws flash. I close my eyes. This is it. The end. But, strangely, there is no pain. And a cold breeze hardening my nipples. I look down.

The Spider King has, with great precision, sliced open my armor.

Shit.

My leather leggings and thigh length modesty skirt are next. I curse at the Spider King, calling him every vile name I can think of, and struggle to free myself. It is to no avail. His loincloth is bulging now in a rather alarming way, but he takes his time in stripping me, until all I am wearing is my boots. I can feel the cold stone against my ass. The cold stone, and the Spider King's surprisingly warm hand. He squeezes slightly. I expect to feel the sting of claws, but I don't. Two of his other hands are stroking my breasts, and playing with my nipples. The fourth hand slowly undoes the clasp on his loincloth. It falls to the floor, revealing something the legends did not mention.

"Fuck," I whisper.

He smiles. "Precisely."

He has not one, but two, huge, curved cocks, each larger than any I've seen before. Not that I've seen many. The oath of a paladin is not one of chastity, but pleasures of the flesh are discouraged. His balls are large as well, dangling in a way I would normally find lovely below his erect members. He also has something very odd wiggling above his cocks. It looks a bit like a third phallus, but shorter, a bit thinner, and tapered in the end to a thin tip. It is moving in a very alarming manner, darting about as if searching for something, and vibrating as it does so.

"What the fuck is that?" I ask, alarmed. Is he really going to cram all three of his... appendages into me?

"They are called penises. They are used for sex. I understand that, as a paladin, you may not be familiar with this." He pauses, and then adds, "Also, I seem to remember that human males normally don't have two. Do you require further explanation?"

"No! I mean, yes. What the fuck is that wiggly thing?" I ask.

He frowns, puzzled. "Do human men not have a tickler? Strange. My kind considered it very important, back before there was only one of us left. Females would often choose their mates based on the tickler's size and shape, and how hard it vibrated."

I am reeling from shock. A tickler? What the fuck? Also, his kind? There use to be more than one of him? "What happened? To your kind?"

I only realize I have asked my last questions aloud when he answers. "Did you not learn your history? Or have we been forgotten?" He sighs, and tells me, "Your order happened, and your god. They decided we were immoral monsters, worshiping evil gods, and slaughtered us, destroying our entire civilization. Our homes. Our libraries. Our temples. I managed to survive, through the strength of my magic, and our gods gave me immortality, strength, and power, that I might live to serve them."

Genocide. Or near genocide. I can't wrap my head around it. My order cannot have been capable of this... This evil! We are sworn to uphold the law and the light! "You fucking liar! We would never-" Suddenly one of his hands is over my mouth, and his green eyes are full of fire. Literally full of fire. They burn.

"I think I have heard quite enough from you, lady paladin." He smiles. "But I can't just keep my hand over your mouth the entire time. I'm going to need my hands. Now, what can I gag you with?" His smile widens. "Ah, of course."

He pries my fingers, one by one, from the hilt of my broken sword. Then, after pulling his hand away, he swiftly jams it, lengthwise, into my mouth. I try to spit it out, but he holds it there, and secures it with his spider silk. I shake my head, but am about as successful in dislodging it as I have been in freeing my limbs. "Mmmnnph!" I protest. He only laughs.

His claws retract, leaving only short nails at the end of his fingers. He reaches into his mouth, and pulls out a strand of silk. He presses the tip of it against one of my nipples, where it sticks. The other end is then stuck to my other nipple, so that my small breasts are pulled closer together. He tugs on the line experimentally, and them laughs at my swift blush and muffled protest.

How could the fight have ended like this? I am stuck to the wall, naked but for my boots, and gagged with my own broken sword, helpless even to curse as my foe does what he wishes with my body. And it's not over yet. I pray he will be quick about it, and then end my inevitable pain and humiliation.

He doesn't, though. He must enjoy toying with me, because he slips, not one of his cocks, but his finger, into my womanhood. Another finger enters my ass. "Try to relax," he tells me. "We've got to loosen you up. Don't want to tear anything." I struggle to force his fingers out, and he sighs. "Must you make this difficult?"

He hisses something, and his eyes briefly glow. "There, that should do the trick." I find my muscles, against my will, relaxing as he slides his fingers further in. "Mmmph!"

He grins, and leans closer to lick my ear. "Did I not mention that, when my people were alive, I was a powerful priest? I did not lose my power when the cities fell. Quite the opposite, in fact."

As I fight harder against my bonds, the Spider King laughs. "Don't worry, this is the only magic I'll use on you. My order had rules about forcing magic on people, and I find myself not wanting to break them, even after all these centuries."

He tugs on my nipples again as he begins to move his fingers in and out. It feels surprisingly good. Then he thrusts his hips toward mine. His tickler brushes my clit.

I scream, the sound muffled by my sword. He immediately jerks back. "Did I hurt you?" he asks, frowning as he examines my womanhood. I shudder, face reddening. He smiles. "Ah. I forget, you aren't use to the tickler's vibration."

He presses his hips toward mine, more gently this time. I try to stop the tickler from finding my clit, but I can barely move, and the tickler is soon pressed against it once more. To my shame, I whimper. Please, God, forgive me for enjoying this violation.

He tugs again on the line between my nipples, and the fire in my belly increases. When one finger thrusting into each hole becomes two, the pleasure is almost unbearable. I close my eyes, but I can still see his muscular physique and his two enormous cocks in my mind's eye. The vision excites me. How could it not? I am only mortal, after all, for all my saintly aspirations.

There are now three fingers buried deep inside each of my holes. I have never been stretched this much in either hole, let alone both at once, but it doesn't hurt. I feel full in a comfortable, erotic sort of way. I feel good. Lord, forgive me. I can feel an orgasm building. I fight it, pushing the fire back, but it only grows stronger.

I cum, against my will, harder than I ever have before. I am screaming around my broken sword, arching against my restraints, and pressing my body, the best I can, against the Spider King. I feel his hard muscles. Strength. Size. Power.

He pulls away a bit, and it is a relief. His fingers are still inside me, but his tickler is no longer setting my clit on fire, and he has released the cord tugging on my nipples. I come down from the high slowly, panting. I open my eyes.

The Spider King is smiling at me, and his twin cocks have swelled to an even larger size and are covered in slick, shiny precum. He kisses me gently on the forehead. "It has been far, far too long," he tells me, "Since I have heard the sounds of a woman's passion."

I try to tell him to go fuck himself. The words are unclear, but he understands the tone. He laughs. "The spirit of a warrior," he tells me, "I like it. It arouses me, makes me hard."

The Spider King pulls his fingers free, and I know what is coming next. When his cocks enter my ass and pussy, ever so slowly, they stretch me even more than his fingers did, and the curved shape presses them against my insides in a way makes me shiver. I never knew I could feel this good. Or this helpless. Or this full.

The tickler finds my clit again, and I moan, my eyelids fluttering. I hate this, that I am enjoying this so much. He is evil, an enemy of my faith. This violation proves it. But my hatred turns swiftly into a different kind of fire.

He unsheathes his claws, and, before I can wonder why, he is cutting my legs free. He grips my calves, wrapping my legs around himself and pulling my ass away from the wall. I try to kick, to lash out at him, but he is too strong. He thrusts into me, and I fight to stop myself from responding. He thrusts again, and slips one hand behind my ass, forcing me against his hips. I don't fight this as hard as I should. If I were to give in, to let him have his way with me, who would know but us? Who would care but me?

The rhythm of his thrusts picks up speed. His one free hand caresses my breasts, and then grips the line between them. He begins to tug on it to the tempo of our movement. I feel the heat beginning to build again.

I can no longer fight my body. I am using my legs to pull myself toward his thrusts like some back ally whore, instead of a paladin of the Lord. If I try to stop myself, his hands keep me moving until I find myself moving with them again. I can't stop this. I can't fight it. I am lost in the passion.

His members swell further inside of me as another orgasm builds. I am panting, gasping, whimpering as he fills both my holes, stretching them to their limit. The Spider King is moving faster now, almost faster than I can take. He stops. Shudders. Thrusts deep into me one last time.

The vibration against my clit intensifies as he shoots his load, hot and heavy, deep inside of me. It pushes me over the edge, and I cum. I cum so hard I can't even scream.

He doesn't pull away this time to allow me time to recover. I don't think he can. When my orgasm finally ends, he is still pumping his seed into me. My belly is visibly swollen. The sight and the continuing vibration push me over the edge again. I cum, screaming.

The vibration ends abruptly, but it takes me a bit of time to come down. With one final whimper, my orgasm ends.

He sighs in contentment. "Far, far too long," he murmurs as he pulls his now limp cocks out of my holes. A gush of semen follows them, puddling on the floor. He releases my nipples, and runs his hand through my hair. "Sounds like you had fun, too."

I am too tired for bravado. Also, telling him no would be a lie neither of us would believe. I have never cum so hard during sex before, and never, ever more than once like that. I didn't even think that was possible.

When he releases my legs, he doesn't bother tethering them to the wall again, and I don't bother trying to kick him. What would be the point? Besides, I feel so good. I just blink up at him sleepily.

"If I were as evil as you think I am," he tells me, "This is where I would kill you, after having my wicked way with you. That's what your order did to my wife."

I look up at him, suddenly wary. Although, if he did decide to kill me, what could I do?

He smiles. "But I am not evil, and I am no paladin, either. I'm going to let you go."

He spits blue liquid onto the gunk keeping my sword in my mouth and my hands fixed to the wall, as well as the line between my nipples. It starts to dissolve. "In a few minutes, you will be able to pull free. I will be long gone by them, with my treasure. I hope you will not try to find me again. Next time we meet, things might end very differently."

Suddenly he smiles. "But what if you forget me? Perhaps," his smile widens, "Perhaps I'll give you a memento of our... Encounter. Or two. Perhaps some of that treasure you came for."

He turns and walks over to the pile of gold I still cannot see clearly. There is a clinking, as if he is searching for something. As he returns, I can see he is holding a thick golden necklace shaped like a series of snakes biting their tails, each one a sideways figure eight. The work is very detailed, with emerald eyes and lots of tiny golden scales glittering in the light. As he gets closer, I realize many of the scales are, in fact, tiny, lifelike spiders. He is also holding a simple wooden bowl. The Spider King clasps the golden chain around my neck. "This should help you pay for new armor, and another sword. At the very least. If," he pauses to spit silk on the clasp and grin, "You can manage to get it off. Good luck with that."
