 1.

Somewhere deep in the arctic a great beast lies on the floor of an ice cavern held by three chains still striped with bruises from the shaft of a fireplace poker. 

2.

Lord Hugh Stephen, sat in his chambers by the fire. The sun had just set on Christmas Day and he had a brandy, a fire, and a book. The staff, or most of them, was off for Boxing Day after receiving their Christmas bonus from the Lord of McMurray Manor. 

Eighteen hundred and eighty-seven had been a good year. Queen Victoria was on the throne. The Empire was strong. And this year he had make unseemly amounts of money from his investments. Not having any family -- other than a sister and nephew -- Stephens had no issues with sharing his good fortune with those around him who made his life more leisurely. By all accounts of employee, peer, and even rival Stephen's was an honorable man seemingly blessed by Heaven itself. He did not look his 60 years -- trim and fit, his health was superb, and as a fair number of ladies could attest to his never failing sex drive and a yule log of a John Thomas that outdid their husband's.

It was midnight when he awoke with a start. The fire had died to embers, which had substantially dimmed the room. For a reason he could not say, perhaps an old big game hunter's instinct, he was ill at ease. A clicking on the roof caused his hand to move to the drawer of the table beside him where his brandy glass sat and he produce a Colt Army Revolver and a set of handcuffs. "If I can get through the day without shoot someone that would be for the best. And blood plays hell coming out of the Persian rugs." He thought. 

He scanned the room sliding the cuffs into his robe pocket. "Something is here."

"You mean me?"

Bolt quick his lordship spun around with the weapon knocking over a pedestal table. The room was empty.

"Behind you."

Again he twisted only to have his hand caught by something many times stronger than he. Standing near seven feet tall the creature was smoke black with large silver eyes and a flowing, silver-gray mane framed with oryx-like horns. It shook his arm like a doll's and the gun flung into shadows. He reached into the creature hair a slid his hand down to it cheek along its neck across a very full bosom. His eyes never left the monster's. In its own way it was strangely -- "Beautiful."

The creature released his hand and laughed. Maybe it blushed -- if that was possible. "Oh, you are a naughty boy." It pushed him "lightly" sending him to the floor. "I am so sorry I forget my own strength."

"You are a devil?"

"Of a sort."

"Which sort?"

"Christmas."

"Krampus? You do not look like the Old Germanic drawings. Not at all."

"You are adorable. And a flatterer." The Krampus was upon him. She lifted his head kissing him hard and deep. Her tongue seemed to have a mind of its own his mouth and down his throat. Her hand groped at his crotch. "Let me see it."

He pushed her back breaking this kiss and revealing her tongue's demonic length. "Madame. control yourself. I require some answers. First, as I am to understand it you are a devil that punishes small children for being naughty around Christmas. As I am neither small, nor a child, or naughty -- why are you here?"

"That is a lie." The creature cooed.

"You a self-professed devil, have the audacity to doubt my veracity."

"How many women? Wives included."

"But it is Christmas I give you that. Eighty-ish -- damn I do seem to be slowing on the pace." He laughed. "Although, naughty I'll have you know when I fuck a women I fuck her right. I am not naughty by anyone's definition I am a much better lay than merely naughty."

"And that is why I am here." She positioned herself by the bed's foot board. Her arms spread wide to each bed poster. "You have you own legend" She stared at his pants. Swaying seductively she spread her legs wide. She could feel himself stiffen as he marveled at her. Her face, her huge near supernaturally supported breasts each capped with a padlock size piercing a heavy chain between them, a loin cloth that covered nothing, and long legs that ended in a furred high-heeled hoof. Hugh suddenly felt very hungry. Their connection had begun to take hold and the beast knew it.

"Is that so? And what is my legend?" He smiled knowing that throughout the Empire men refused to leave their daughters, fiancés, or wives alone with him.

"They say you manhood is the standard of Britain. That you have banged half of Europe's princesses and almost every Duchess or Lady-In-Waiting in all Europe's courts. The counts in Asia, Africa, and the Americas are similarly staggering. Frankly, I just don't believe such tall tales and I have to experience it to lend it any credence. You human boast way too..."

He opened his robe revealing a muscular body of a man half his years. The monster looked at his thick furred chest, thick arms, taut stomach, and erect cock. His hands on his waist he had no shame, nor cause to."

"...oh my. That is..."

"Ma'am that is eleven and one half inches balls deep depending on the temperature and my mood. Roughly three in diameter according to one lady that asked to measure it. She was worried it would ruin her. And it did." Taking the initiative he quickly grabbed the chain that linked her nipples and spun her around. It was the monster's turn to be impressed by speed and strengthen. Tearing the meager covering away Hugh unceremoniously plunged every inch of himself into the beast. With her legs spread wide she could do nothing but take it.

She had him now.

"Oh, fuck me." She roared. He obliged, as his hands clawed at her breasts. There was no subtly about it he fully intended to work her over. "Goddamn, human. I had hoped for this type of fucking but dare not dream that you would..." Hugh changed his pace slowly pulling out of her cunt almost all the way only to then to jarringly reclaim her. The troll started to purr. 

"Did I say talk?" He could feel his heart pounding and an animal aggression buzzing in his head.

"No sir." The demon drew blood from its own lip. "Had the change started so soon?" 

"Then shut up and enjoy the ride." Hugh reached up and pulled on the creature's horns for more leverage. Her juices were as sticky as honey and inhumanly warm. Inside her it felt as if dozens of suction cups were running up and down his length. It was exquisite and normally even he could not have lasted for long but something was at work inside him. "Is this you cumming? Did I say you had permission?"

"No sir, you did not give permission..."

"Then why are you cumming?"

"Because it feels so good to have you take me." She was not lying. How she wanted him to take this Krampus.

"Whose bit of Krumpette are you?"

"Yours, my Lord." That was embarrassing. But she could already feel the shift he was pulling from her strength. 

With that Hugh threw her to the floor knocking the wind from her. Before she could recover her hands were manacled behind her. Her new master apparently planned to use all of her for his pleasure. She felt herself being drug across the floor. By the time she regained her composure she realized she was facing a dressing mirror yet still only able to view herself sideways, as her head functioned as the third leg for the tripod she had become. Hugh was standing behind her with his massive cock beet red blood pulsing through it. It seemed bigger and more imposing. Startled by his strength and dominance, she lifted her ass to meet him, as a sign of her submission, as he began to press against her devil's wedding ring. "Say it," he commanded her.

"Fuck my ass. Please."

He wrapped his hands around her surprising narrow waist. Her sudden surrender pulled his animal nature to the surface. A thunderous growl built in his chest. The angry head of Hugh's cock begin to spread the she-beast wide. "Three inches, my ass." She cried as tears rolled down her checks with her mouth hung agape. Occasionally, he would pull out just long enough to abuse her slit with the same ferocity. "Did you have your whole arm in there?"

"Should I feel sorry for you."

"No."

"Why?"

"Because it hurts so good."

"You do not get to cum until I say you can." She could tell where this was going as he slid a leather belt around her neck and started to play with her. Denying and allowing her breath. "When was the last time that was an option for play?" She did not remember. 

"I know you can take it. I like that." As he sunk his teeth deep into her back near the spine. He felt her power continue to shift to him. Her ass seemed to become tighter as he continued to use her. The lack of circulation out of his member had made her ass its own cock ring, its own device of torture, she was in agony and he had not intention of releasing her.

"I can take it but can you?" She thought cumming again. Hugh pulled the lead tight as he pulled out of her, forcing her to try rise from her supplicant position without using her hands or lose consciousness. After managing to lift her upper body from the floor, she tried to stand only to be pinned to her knees by the man stepping on the back of her leg. She had to looked in the mirror to see Hugh -- physically larger and thicker than he had previously been -- even his already impressive prick had grown, perhaps as much as 3 inches. Her venom racing through him every vein pulsing. With his normal physical prowess and sexual aggression enhanced by his contact with the tides of this she-devil that coated his member and soaked into his blood and brain. He was nearly perfect for her need. His skin was even turning slightly red. And bone ridges were beginning to raise beneath the skin on his forehead. In his hand rested the fire place poker. "Oh no, there is more." she whispered. The rage was on him and it seemed he might be able to ride it out.

"What did you say? Did you tell me -- no?" Hugh hissed. "Again you do not get to cum unless I tell you to." He spat the words in her face.

"If he can stand it." Her mind raced. He wrapped the leash around his hand and again wrapped his fist around one of her horns anchoring her head in place. The cold iron of the poker's shaft cut into her lower back and ass. As she wailed, begging him to stop, "I may not be so lucky." She thought. The caning was nearly intolerable as she attempted to plead her way out of it with God because Hugh was not in a mood to deal. Apparently, neither was the Almighty. Finally, her punishment ceased and she was allowed to fall to the floor. "Damn, that is just what I needed. But did it have to be a cold iron poker?" These marks would welt up and no matter the outcome they would not fade soon, even on demon hide.

"How many?" Hugh prodded her softer bits with the tip poker and its hook.

"Fifty-three stokes sir."

"And?"

"Thank you for seeing to my correction." She smiled, he was so wicked.

"Up bitch. You will do the work this time seeing your education is wearing." He laid back in his bed. The idea of being impaled on his now nearly impossible tool brought her to her feet and to too the bed. She was now far too weak to break her chains or resist. She straddled him but awaited his command. "Use it to fuck yourself. Cum without permission again," his hand seized the chain attached to her nipple rings, "and you will lose these and expense lesson to be sure." He stared at her. The creature did not look near as formidable as it had at their meeting. But he dismissed this with the thought, "But what well used woman looked the same in the morning."

She thrust her down grunting her sex barely managing to consume the entirety of his. Lord Spenser smiled at his monster's determination. "That is right every thrust all the way up and down." He smiled noting how every thrust seemed to push her closer to the edge of her endurance, while he had never felt as strong. He heart beat in his chest like a beast waiting to be freed. Tugging on the ring, he sucked her nipple into his mouth and started to use his teeth to play with it. Soon, she felt her need begging to be unleashed.

"What in all Hell? Was this what it was like to be fucked by her for most?" She could feel her toes curl as they pushed into the mattress as she fought to impale her on the monster's near 18 inch member. Through her matted golden hair she caught glimpse of his scaled skin and horns. Its size dwarfing the bed. The sweat poured off her -- "Soon, I am free." Hugh's claws tormented her soft, pale skin ruthlessly. 

The great creature started to cum spraying its seed deep within within her. The bed slats gave way as she used all her remaining strength to please him and herself. The bed lurched and that with the monster's final spasms threw her out of the bed. "Done." She thought laying on the floor. The thing in the bed made an unusual sound. She stood up in horror. "No."

In the bed lie Lord Hugh Stephens in all his naked glory with his priapistic 11-1/2 John Thomas. He was spent and giggling vacantly -- the victim of a massive stroke.

"Almost." The Krampus sobbed. Still too weak from its exertion and transforms to break free from its bond. "So close," it collapsed in exhaustion to the floor. 

3.

The sun was about to rise as a gloved hand reached out of the semi-darkness and shook the Krampus awake. It rolled over and raised its pelvis in offer it to the one that awoke it. "Santa Baby." It smiled. "So do you care to cum down this chimney tonight?"

"You do realize, I know who you are. And why you are the way you are." Father Christmas rubbed his temples. "And the last one you were with is still lying over there."

A sputtering sound came from the mattress. 

"He is still alive?" she asked.

"Barely. He'll be dead by tonight. I don't know what is broke in him."

"Come on lover. Fuck me. Right here. Right now. Let's give the ol' boy one last thrill. I know you could handle it."

"You are a piece of work. Just because you can do something does mean you should. And in this case... I don't think so." He reached for her chain. 

The Krampus flung itself forward and strained to snap its cuffs. She was not being caged again. However, the bounds did not yield. "What in the Hell?"

"I have already switched the manacles out for your bonds -- Fenris' bonds. Or did you forget who I am and what I do?" With his hand he covers his left eye. For a moment the creature saw the old Nordic wandering All-Father and stopped. He snatched the chain trapping her. 

"Then how about a Christmas gift?" You own me at least one of those."

"What?"

"Fix John Bull here and let him have another go at it. For the title. Come'on. If he could have made it another 30 seconds. I will suck your Father Christmas staff better than Mrs. Claus ever thought of. I remember a much younger you. You were so hard , so primal -- don't you want that again. You don't want to be this old fat man. Even if you do, I will deep throat the whole thing."

"Stop it. If Lord Stephens could have stood it a moment more you'd be free and I have a brain damaged Krampus. What could I do with counterpart that could not tie shoes, if he had them? I am amazed a human lasted that long." He stared at her with his "you been naughty" Santa stare. "If I could I would fix him but you broke him too well. And I would not do it for you in any case. He was supposed to be around for 20 more years. Do you have any idea how bad you have screwed up?!"

"A man like that did want to grow to become a weak old man. Fix him and ask."

"I can't! Jesus, woman you try me."

The Krampus sneered. "You know what Mrs. Claus does while your away don't you?" 

"What are you on about nowt?" Santa asked.

"She goes into town and blows a few bucks." She smiled and licked her lips. "I have seen her. Dozens of young boys -- you cuckold."

"You are disgusting."

"Your wife is a whore. Ask the elves. I know she has bedded more than one of them. Hell, more than me."

"Yeah, I get it. Speaking of elves -- who helped you? Never mind, we'll find them shortly somewhere having seizures. And no, I can't fix them either."

The Krampus laughed. "As long as there is an elf willing to have his pixie sized candy cane dick sucked until his head collapses I will find a way out."

"You cannot leave me like this forever!" 

The old man touched his nose and the couple is on the roof. 

"Sorry, that is just another thing I can't or won't fix." He turned to her. "However, you are right I owe you something, a gift I guess."

Santa hands ran down the creature's body. His fingers come to rest between her legs. He began to rub her clit. "Mmmm... Santa. You always had the most nimble fingers and knew just how to use them." Suddenly, a white hot fire built up in her sex. She squats in the roof tops snow in a futile effort to find relief. "What did you do?"

Santa stepped back as the Krampus whimpers another piercing freshly forged now adorns her clit along with a chain that Santa holds in his hand. "Merry Christmas, dear, and this time I plan to take you where there are no people or elves. Or bucks."

4.

Later in the evening of December 26th Lord Hugh Stephens passes. Britain mourns the beginning of the end of an era.

And somewhere deep in the arctic the first Mrs. Claus lies on the floor of an ice cavern held by three chains still striped with bruises from the shaft of a fireplace poker. 

Waiting.