 The day had been hot and sticky, Overton Tory swung his personal land vehicle onto the street of his destination. Ominous looking clouds were coming in off of the large body of water that bordered the city. Overton eyed them apprehensively. Not that he cared anything about storms, but somehow this one seemed like foreshadowing. He had an agreement with Echo Gilchrest, yet Overton had a feeling that the storm was not going to be the only thing raging.

He parked outside a native ten story apartment building and crossed the steaming street. It occurred to him that the orbit of this planet (Aleana) was at its closest point to its star. No wonder it was so uncomfortably hot.

Overton showed his credentials to the security robot guarding the building. He informed the unit that he was going to visit Echo, and waited for the door to unlock. He entered and the door shut silently behind him. His footsteps sounded loud as he walked across the uncarpeted lobby, towards the elevator.

Echo was waiting for him in the doorway of her place on the tenth floor. She was wearing a thin, semi-transparent, short negligee. It ran from her mid-chest to mid-thigh. It was held up with tiny straps over her shoulders and was open at the bottom. The sunlight was behind her, Overton could see that was all she was wearing. Which was going to make it worse.

"Hello, Echo," Overton said.

"Hello. Hot enough for you?" 

Overton did not answer and just walked in. Echo followed him into the sun drenched apartment and closed the door.

"How about a widow's fang?"

Overton smiled. "Sounds excellent." He removed his armor lined, leather trench coat and hung it by the door. Next he took off his weapons belt and placed it on the small desk he always did. Finally, with a bit of a grunt he kicked off his boots. "You're not wearing very much, are you?" 

Echo glanced down at herself. Her full, purple lips parted in a wicked little smile. "I never wear much when it's this hot."

She came to him, draped her soft, lavender colored arms around his neck and held him close. Overton felt his pulse quickening. His hands moved to rub the small of her back and squeeze her ass. The perfume she was wearing was in his nostrils, and he could feel her large, lush tits flattening against his chest.

"Kiss me," Echo whispered. Her eyes fluttered shut in the diagonal direction common for her species. Overton pressed his lips to hers. His hands started running over her sexy body. Echo was close against him and reciprocated by rubbing his six-three, 225 pound, muscle covered frame.

After a minute, she twisted out of his arms. She tilted her head to one side, bit down on her lower lip and said, "How's about that widow's fang?"

"I could get drunk on you alone." Overton said.

"Sure but then what's in it for me."

Overton watched while she mixed the drinks in a tiny kitchenette. It was one part indigenous rum, one part Mequon brandy and three parts frozen juice from a locally grown fruit. 

Through the thin light grey material, he could see the outline of her large, full breasts. The negligee clung tight to her hips, accentuating their width and showing off her sexy legs. Echo was five-eleven and weighed about 125 pounds. The females of her species were all tall and curvy. They also had an efficient metabolism and a dense muscle structure that made them fit and strong.

Both sat down on the couch in front of the open panoramic window. It was an incredible view of the lake churning from the storm that was almost upon them. The sky was a sickly dark green, and the wind blew the curtains around.

Overton sighed and breathed in the cooler air. "Going to be a hard storm," he said. "The miners have started making a mess of this planet, and it is trying to compensate." 

"It'll clear the air of all the soot" Echo commented. She said it in a strange tone, Overton glanced at her. Her golden eyes were fixed with an unusual serious tone. Did she know what was coming?

Overton took a long, slow swallow of widow's fang. Echo continued to stare at him. Huge drops of rain splattered on the window sill. Over the lake now was visible lighting, followed by loud claps of thunder. This was the perfect lead in for the next conversation.

Overton said, "Remember, Echo, when we first teamed up, we agreed that when the end time came there was to be no strings, it would be a clean cut?" 

"I remember," Echo said slowly. "Has that time come?"

"I'm afraid so." Overton said.

Torrential rain swept in. A massive crack of lightning shot across the sky, and the building shook from the impact of the thunder. Echo sipped her drink.

"Details?" she asked coolly.

"My unit's job here is done. We have over a ninety percent collection rate. We have eliminated all of the local resistance. The planet is being turned over to the miners and harvesters. There is a new target, which means we have a new assignment and we are mobilizing out."

"How soon?"

"Very soon." Overton said simply.

Echo sneered openly and theatrically twisted her lip over tiny rounded teeth. "And you have to go?" 

Overton finished his drink before replying. Outside the storm raged with increased violence. He shut the window. "This is who I am," he said. "I am a professional. I do the job that is assigned to me and move on." 

Echo had to agree with that. In the year she spent with him she was impressed with his work ethic, dedication and loyalty. He was intelligent and skilled, very good at everything he did. This was not limited to his profession but his downtime activities and his ability to give her physical pleasure.

Overton furthered his comments. "When we met we both agreed on a simple plan. I would put you up here and we would be together for as long as the assignment lasted. You could live without responsibly. I would provide for everything and you were welcome to whatever plunder you wanted. That plunder could have set you up for life. I don't know why you did nothing, but that's on you. I have always said I would only be here for the length of the mission. Once the mission is over and a new one begins, then I move on." 

"Yes I remember all of those things. You've got the guts to stick to the plan." Echo conceded. "And you don't want to make a new plan?" she was surprisingly calm.

"It doesn't work like that. Look, the place is paid up till the end of the month. Stay if you want to. You can keep, sell or throw out any of my stuff." Overton told her frankly.

"What an eek you turned out to be," Echo said scornfully.

"No. Not at all. I don't love you Echo, and you don't love me. This has been a relationship of convenience. We both know it."

Echo said nothing. She stood, picked up the empty glasses and walked into the kitchenette. Overton watched her. Whether or not she had done it deliberately, he did not know, but her negligee had ridden up showing bottom of her perfect ass and just a glimpse of her womanhood. With refilled drinks, she returned to the couch.

"Okay," she said calmly. "I'll be a sport about it. I'll stick to the agreement. You have been good to me. I am the only woman you have kept during the assignment. You have treated me right. And you have a big dick that you know how to use." 

Overton grinned with a combination of relief and humor.

Echo nestled close against him. "We've had fun, haven't we?" she asked.

Overton dropped a heavy arm to her naked shoulders. "We sure have." he answered enthusiastically. Her head rested to his chest. Overton savored the smell of her perfume and the great view of her incredible body.

After a while, she asked, "So how long until you leave?"

He smiled as she snuggled closer against him. "I've got to be on a transport bound for the Probec system in six hours." he answered.

Overton's arms tightened around her. Their eyes met. Then her moist lips closed against his. He picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. Outside the storm intensified. Like he foreshadowed, the same thing was going to happen inside.

Overton set her down on the edge of the bed and sat next to her. They kissed deeply for about a minute before he broke away and started kissing down her neck. When he got to the base, where her neck met her collar bone, he brought his hands to her breasts. He squeezed them gently before applying pressure to her nipples. The simultaneous sensation of his lips on her neck and fingers pinching her nipples triggered her instinctual reproductive response.

Echo's species was famous for their instinctual reproductive response. This was a pre-sex, orgasm like, pleasure response that biologically put their bodies where it needed to be to ensure reproduction. When triggered, their brains flood with neurotransmitters that evoke feelings of trust and wellbeing. Their bodies release hormones, endorphins and adrenaline. These chemicals work as a cocktail to block sexual inhibitions, as well as, boost energy levels to ensure the procreation process is completed.

She quickly started removing his clothing. She pulled his shirt over his head revealing his muscular physique. Her hands ran through the thick patch of black, gray and white hair on his chest. His shoulders were wide and connected to scar covered arms. Overton was not quite middle aged but had a body that was a mix of old and young. 

Echo slid to the floor, unbuttoned his pants, and pulled them down and off his ankles. She had seen him naked regularly for over a year and the sight still amazed her. Overton was of a near human species. Identical in every way, only they were bigger than average humans. Even taking that into consideration his big dick had traits that set it apart. It was long, thick and veiny. It seemed to have magical qualities that always gave her physical pleasure. 

His cock was already erect. She took this as a compliment. They had barely touched each other yet their bodies were at full stimulation. Echo took the first two inches of his cock into her mouth and then wrapped one hand around his shaft. "Rrrr that feels good." Overton said in a low growl. He had made comments before about how her two wide fingers and thumb felt better than any five fingered hand. 

Sucking on his tip generated a lot of saliva and made the inside of her mouth extremely wet. While holding his dick steady she started making a slow circular motion with her tongue around the thick head. She alternated direction and speed to add some unpredictability to the sensations. Once he was moaning she started moving her hand up and down.

The half blow job, half hand job literally made him weak in the knees. Both buckled a bit and his hands went to her head shell. Where hair was on a human, her species had a plumb colored shell. This acted as second skull, providing extra protection for the brain. Right now Overton was using it to steady himself. 

She continued for just a few minutes before he told her to stop. Overton grabbed the top of the negligee and pulled it up over her head. He gently took each arm and guided her up and on to the bed. He laid her flat on her back, her breasts fell to her sides. The storm blew cool air and mist through an open window onto her naked flesh.

Echo lay still, not knowing what he was going to do next. He climbed on the bed then straddled her toned waist. His brown eyes connected with her golden ones as he placed his still wet erection in the valley of her chest. What he was looking for was obvious now. She placed her palms on the sides of her tits and squeezed them together around his cock. He began moving it back and forth.

This position left Echo not much to do, but she knew it turned him on. To add to his enjoyment, as the head of his cock came to its closest point to her face, she would give it a lick. Overton grunted as he said; "Your tits are so soft, they feel so good." 

The slit of Overton's manhood had a steady stream of fluid leaking out of it. She wondered if he would keep going and finish. As soon as that thought passed he stopped. He leaned down and kissed her lips. He then made a trail of kisses to her purple nipples. He sucked each one for just a few seconds before running his tongue on continuous trail to her pussy. 

He placed some soft kisses on the area above her clitoris, then he put his mouth on her womanhood. He relaxed his tongue and dropped it down to his chin. Keeping it wide and flat he pressed the base to the bottom of her hairless vulva. His tongue slipped up and through her lips as he moved his head upwards. His mouth muscle went from the bottom of her pussy up to its tip and passed over her clit. He then pulled his head away and made another pass.

Overton repeated this stoke again and again. He did not make movements with his tongue. By keeping his tongue relaxed, wide and flat, he covered as much of her pussy area as possible. While this was a very simple oral sex technique, it still gave Echo maximum stimulation. Her breathing got faster, her moans got louder and she started clutching at the sheets. Not wanting to end things too soon he pulled his head away.

She gasped and let out; "Why did you stop?"

With a gravelly voice he said; "I want to be inside you baby!"

Overton rolled Echo onto her side and lay down behind her, facing the same direction. He lifted her top leg and entered her from behind. There were few men that had the strength for this position. There were fewer that had the length. Rare was the male, like Overton, that could do both. This position added friction inside by moving the base of her leg muscles into the wall of her reproductive canal. This narrowed the path and intensified the feeling for both. He started slowly thrusting back and forth.

Overton created a nice rhythm while moving his cock in and out of her. This was a sensual sex position that he knew would be ruined by moving too fast. His big dick had a way of massaging her insides like no other. He used that to his advantage pumping with a steady pace. Echo's breasts were swaying with the motion. From time to time he would fondle them. 

Echo relaxed and let him take control. She could be totally passive in this position. All she had to do is just lie there and let him penetrate her. Despite this, waves of pleasure ran from her pussy up her spine to crash on to her brain. Between waves she leaned her head back to face him. Her lips were always met with a kiss. 

She was slowly moving to orgasm. If left like this, within a few minutes she would get there. Overton knew this by the quiet moans and soft whimpers she was making. But he was not content to become predictable. He also didn't want their last night to go without finishing it off right. He knew just what to do. 

After a few more strokes he pulled out, grabbed her hips, and pulled them up. She instinctively pushed up onto her hands. He quickly and firmly put one of his hands between her shoulder blades and pushed her torso back down. 

She was now leaning forward as far as she could, while resting on her knees. Her butt was above the back of her ankles, also as high as it would go. Overton stood on his feet, crouched over her and sank his entire length into her with a single steady stroke. He wrapped her waist with his strong hands to steady his position. Echo found that she could barely move and knew what she was about to receive. 

Overton unleashed. He started slamming hard into her, then pulling almost all the way out and slamming back in. He did so with uncanny speed. The flesh of their hips made loud slapping sounds when they made contact. His testicles swayed back and forth with each thrust. A split second after his shaft bottomed out inside her, his swinging balls would smack into her clit. This added to an already overwhelming flood of sensations. 

With the females of Echo's species this was an extremely enjoyable sex position. Insemination almost always occurred when a male of the species ejaculated with the female in this position. It also generated the most intense pleasure response in the female. It was like biology's way of thanking the woman for procreating. The fact that Overton was taller and stronger than the males of her species intensified the feeling. The fact that his cock was way bigger and he knew how to batter her insides with it, made her loud and vocal.

"Fuck me, oh fuck me," She kept shouting. "You are fucking me so good. Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop fucking me." Then she howled with pleasure as a massive orgasm swept through her body. She was louder than the rain and thunder outside. She spasmed and shook. He stopped his thrusting as the intensity of the orgasm overcame her. 

As her climax past, Echo fell forward. She slid off of Overton's cock and lay on her belly. His cock made a 'plop' like noise as it exited her saturated pussy. She lay there breathing heavy as all the pleasure sensations faded away. He was knelling over her, his cock still hard and glistening with her moisture.

When her wits returned she looked up and back at him. She said with a smile; "You better put that thing back in me and finish before it breaks itself off."

He smiled at her as she rose up on all fours. She then brought both of her legs together. Overton entered her from behind in a slight squatting position. He placed his feet outside of her legs, and he put his hands on her shoulders. 

This time he engaged in a very different rhythm. He moved in and out very slowly and mixed up the length of the strokes. He grunted with pleasure. Echo started pushing herself back onto him to make each thrust feel more powerful. She kept her legs tightly together, she could feel every bit of him against her walls. He could feel how her pussy muscles gripped his cock. 

The room was much quieter now. Overton was just breathing heavy while Echo made little whimpers. The rain and thunder were the prominent sounds in the room. 

His breathing became deeper and deeper as his engorged erection slid into and out of her sex canal. He settled onto his knees, then moved his hands to her large, swinging tits. He squeezed them and pulled her torso up towards him. Both Overton and Echo were upright, on their knees, Echo's back pressed against his chest. Overton continued pumping his cock and pulling her close. His head leaned into hers, with his mouth close to her ear. With a grunting sound he growled; "Echo!" as the entire contents of his testicles emptied into her.

Her ass cheeks met his spasming hips. She could feel his cock pulsating inside of her. His hands never left her tits for the entire length of his orgasm.

They collapsed onto the bed and lay quietly until they drifted off to sleep.

Echo woke up as Overton was almost completely dressed. She did not let him know, and pretended to stay sleeping. When he was done he simply walked out the door. He did not wake her up to say good bye. He did not leave a note. He just left.

She got up and walked to the living area. From a window and through the street lights she could see him get into his vehicle and drive away.

Echo walked over to the small desk and opened the drawer. She removed a compu-unit and entertainment pad. She sat down, connected the two pieces and powered them up.

She entered commands to set up a communication connection. She was prompted for an encryption code that she entered easily. A few seconds later a voice came over the unit; "Security Code?"

Echo responded; "L 0 1 C"

"Status?" the voice questioned.

"Agent one-nine-seven-seven ready for immediate extraction. My mission is complete. I have a full data dossier. Tell the captain we need to move fast. I know their next target."