 Thank you for all the on-going feedback from the previous stories in this series. Hope you enjoy this next chapter. 5s and positive feedback are always appreciated. I also like the feedback that helps me improve my writing. Thank you those that have helped in that regard. Apologies for the delay in getting this out... Writer's block can be a real bitch.

This is a story driven episode and contains no sex.

*****

The rest of the night was spent talking. She showed me a video her parents had made for her before they launched the ship. They were in their original form so they were speaking in their language but Rachel was good enough to translate. They wanted her to blend in, settle down and at all costs, avoid attracting the attention of the Etraxis.

She fell asleep in my arms in the early hours of the morning, her head against my chest, her arms draped across me. I knew I had to be at work soon but didn't want to disturb her. If it hadn't been my first day I'd have phoned in sick and spent all day in bed with her but needs must.

I very carefully cradled her head as I slipped out from under her. I slipped out my bedroom as quietly as I could, grabbing a towel from the rack as I passed. I brushed my teeth and shaved before climbing into the shower's warm wet embrace. I stood under the shower from what felt like an age, the steam soaking the disbelief at what had happened in the last 24 hours. I mean, how many people can say they've not only met an alien but also slept with one? I was pretty sure I was the only one.

I heard the door to the bathroom creak open and there she stood in the doorway, all grace and beauty, stood there like she didn't possess the body of a lingerie model and professional sports woman wrapped into one.

"Sorry Rachel, did I wake you? I did try to let you sleep."

"No. I woke and you were gone. I thought you might like some company."

"Well only one of us has work to go to. Thought it'd be just cruel waking you up."

"No I also have a job." I should have figured really, she had been on the planet a year. "How come you didn't mention that?"

"You didn't ask." She replied, shrugging.

I was a bit taken aback but thinking about it, it would explain why she was in the bar when I met her. "The other night when we met, you were out with friends?"

"Yes. Of course. Even I know it would have been weird to go out alone."

I chuckled. "Yes I suppose it would. Well given you're up, how about I take you up on your offer and you can share my shower?"

She sauntered over to the shower, stepping into the shower and my embrace in one fluid motion. My hands slid down her back as we kissed, the water sliding down our bodies as they pressed against each other, her skin prickling slightly and her nipples hardening from the change in temperature. We kissed for what felt like hours, our hands exploring each other eagerly. We stayed there for a few more minutes, just holding each other and enjoying the feeling of pressing against each other. We then broke apart and finished up our respective shower routines. 

By the time I'd finished drying off she was already dressed and calling a taxi, somehow drying her hair (very successfully) with a towel at the same time. We kissed and said our goodbyes and she headed out to get the taxi back to hers so she could change and get herself to work. I sat down on the bed and tried to reflect on the previous 24 hours of my life, amazed at how quickly I'd absorbed it all... It was then, as I went to the wardrobe to retrieve a shirt for the day that I caught my reflection in the mirror and my jaw hit the floor.

Now, I've never been what anyone would call athletic. I've always thought of myself as average build but in truth, I've always been a bit on the chubby side. However, the reflection staring back at me wouldn't have looked out of place in an Olympic swimming competition. My torso was lean, muscled and had somehow developed a six pack overnight. My legs, protruding as they were from my boxers looked like they could snap a tree in half.

"You're welcome" Came a voice in my head which nearly caused me to jump out of my skin.

"Jesus Christ." I exclaimed loudly. "What range have you got on that telepathy of yours?" I dreaded the answer slightly if I'm honest.

"Our minds are now linked. You need only think of something and I'll hear you."

"Uh-huh. So you're responsible for my new look then?"

"Yes. It's part of the joining process. A colony of my nanites have passed into you during our first copulation. They're responsible for the changes you see. They're just the aesthetic ones though."

"Nanites? You mean little machines are in my blood stream screwing with my genetic makeup?" I remembered nanites from an old Stargate SG-1 one episode.

"Yes. Although I can control them manually, they will only really seek to improve the host in whatever way they can." She replied. Like it was normal to have thousands of machines messing with your organic makeup.

"What else are they going to do?" Another question I was dreading having answered.

"Your senses will sharpen over 400%, your heart and lungs will increase in capacity allowing you hold your breath 800% longer, your liver and stomach will also become around 200% more effective at processing and digesting food meaning you can survive on 20% of your current calorie intake. Your bones and teeth will increase in density making them virtually unbreakable and your muscles will become denser and stronger. Your brain will develop thousands of new synapses, improving memory and intelligence..."

"I get it I get it. I'm going to be improved. How long will all that take."

"Around a week or so for most of it but all those processes will continue on over time."

"How much time?"

"The improvements that are being made will extend your expected life span by around 200 years."

"I'm going to live over two centuries?" I fell back onto the bed at that. Just the sheer enormity of living that long.

"That's short by the standards of my people. I'm only 70 of your years old."

My head felt like it was about to explode. I could feel it throbbing with my heart beat as the edges of my vision began to blur. My heart beat began to rise and breathing started to become ragged, every in take of air was an effort.

"Listen to my voice James. You need to calm down. You're having a panic attack. Take big deep breaths."

I did as instructed. My heart rate began to drop and my vision went back to normal.

"Thanks beautiful. I owe you."

It's hard to explain but without her saying anything, I knew she was blushing and I think she knew that I knew.

I shook myself out of it and checked the time, cursing myself because I was now running very late. I finished dressing (thankfully my clothes all still fit minus a bit of bagginess) and headed for the door.

Being late meant I'd avoided the morning so I somehow managed to get to work on time which was a relief. Nothing worse than starting a new job with a late mark against your name.

I pulled into the car park and reflected once more on the changes I'd just gone through. I'd bagged a stunning girlfriend who also happened to be an alien and I'd also been transformed into Chris Pratt's body double overnight. Not a bad way to spend a weekend all in all. I climbed out of the car in the sunshine and headed into work. My life was never going to be the same.