 She was breathing hard by now, the sound of her footsteps on the crisp leaves and twigs methodical and measured. How long had she been running? She wasn't sure but there was a certainty that she must keep going. Trees blurred as she fled past , half-full of the fire autumn, although the air still held the warmth of summer sun. Thirst came to her with a strength that almost made her stop. As it was, it pulsed with a voice inside her head. Stop. Rest. But she couldn't. Not yet.

He was chasing her, she knew, and yet the thought of stopping frightened her. She shook her head. No not frightened, she was a fighter, bred for this life. She made herself feel the burning of her lungs, the weight of her strong, lean legs as they pumped back and forth along the ground. She was in excellent shape, long and powerful. Even if they did catch her, what could they hope to do? She felt a small bit better.

The forest broke then into a clearing and the young woman slowed without even realizing it. The scene before her seemed to be catered just to her. A large, shallow pool led the way to the base of an enormous black tree. A Galion tree, she thought with a start. They were extremely rare and the old folks swore that to find one and drink from its waters was to grant one's deepest desires. She came to a quick stop, although her chest continued to heave in and out from her exertions. Willing herself to slow her breaths, she listened intently to the forest around her. With the exception of the sound of falling leaves, there was no other noise. Proof, she supposed, that her pursuer was far away, if he had been able to keep up with her at all.

She cast her eyes around the opening before returning to the pool before her. The water was clear and still, miraculously absent of leaves. Her eyes remaining on the pool, she reached around her back and grabbed her canteen. It was fortunate she had found this water, as she had been without for nearly a day now. Kneeling, the woman first took a hand and dipped it almost mechanically into the water before raising the palm to her lips. Noiselessly she drank. It was sweet and fresh. She felt its crisp edge filter down to her stomach and she paused, relishing the moment. Her canteen was next, gurgling as the air trapped inside bubbled out.

As she gazed at the reflection of the tree above her, she marveled at the strange dichotomy of the coal-black base and the leaves that clung to its thin, wisp-like branches. They were pale, only slightly tinted, reminding her of the color of a blush. There was a ripple across the surface of the pool and the tree vanished for a moment, replaced instead by a disjointed version of itself. The woman stood then and took a long draw from her canteen. There was a calmness in this place and her very bones felt refreshed by the water that flowed down her throat, cold as it was.

Her instincts spoke first, and she rolled away, letting the canteen drop and spill its precious contents over the leaves on the ground. As she came up she noticed a naked figure coming from around the base of the tree, wading through the pool. Had she somehow interrupted someone's bath? Her cheeks colored slightly as she tried to remain still. The figure, she noticed was a tall man, well muscled, although lanky in his limbs. He brushed his dark hair back quickly from his eyes, eyes, she noticed that were pale like the leaves of the Galion. His sex was covered by the waters that moved around him, although she could still make out its essence. Controlled, quiet, she continued to watch, perhaps he had not seen her and she could slip away unnoticed.

The man seemed confident in his state of undress, as if it was natural to him, and he waded further into the water before sinking lower and lower. Finally, his head disappeared under the mirrored liquid and the woman began to breathe once more. She turned to leave, but the man's face burned in her mind and she felt as if she couldn't move. Why wasn't she running? Now was the time to leave the poor man to his bath and continue on her way. And yet she couldn't. She waited to see him rise up from the water so she could once again take in his form. And yet, as the moments passed and then turned into minutes, the man did not rise. The woman took a halting step forward, her foot hitting the forgotten canteen further into the leaf litter, and then the other stepping into the water. The chill of it brought her back to her senses and she turned to leave, to run away from this strange scene that had entranced her, but before she could, something burst out and grabbed her firmly by the ankle.

With a fierce kick, she dislodged whatever it was and sprang out from the edge of the pool. At least, she thought she had. The height of her jump was stagnated and she fell back down to earth. Knees, then elbows and face crashed down into the thick layer of leaves at the shore, although not as she harshly as she would have imagined. What had happened, had all her training deserted her? With a growl she flipped herself over to face what had assaulted her.

But the anger and fear fled away as she saw it was the naked man holding her to ground. His face was sharp, but his eyes were not unkind. And it was rather, as if she knew him.

You drank from my waters. Said those light, warm eyes. I know what you are looking for. What you desire the most.

She wasn't sure how she knew that was what the man said, but it was. Her heart beat within her. Thirst had been what had driven her to the waters edge, and the will to live before that. But somehow, she knew that wasn't the desire the man was speaking to.

There was a slight tingling coursing through her body, and she felt light-headed. She watched as the man's form pulled itself from the edge of the water and he knelt down before her. His manliness was a bit larger than average perhaps, but not disproportionate, and she noticed that no hair covered its form. Come with me.

He grabbed hold of her shirt and hefted her above him before settling her atop his broad shoulder. The woman wasn't sure where she was being taken, but couldn't help noticing the man's toned backside as he walked. They waded back into the pool and for a few moments only the gentle lapping of the water could be heard.

The black trunk of the Galion passed on their left and the man walked around its girth until they were fully on the other side. He gently laid the woman on her side and came to face her, his eyes, unblinking speaking again. The time has come for you to give yourself in offering to me.

The woman squirmed once, her body refusing to obey her. No man had ever had such power over her. She shot a look of anger his way, but the man just smiled, white teeth showing and dimples forming on his cheeks.

You sealed the pact with your own lips as you drank from my waters.

There was a moment where the two just looked at each other and then, the woman felt something moving. She was able to look down and watched as her clothes came to life. They wiggled and wrinkled themselves, fighting against their own placement, tight on her hips, strapped across her chest. Buckles unclasped and buttons sprang loose as if stretching after a long nap. Each article of clothing moved off of her. With a wet pop, her boots came off, followed in serpentine fashion by her socks. Next her pants wriggled, one inch at a time, one leg at a time, to move themselves away. Her breath was coming faster now, but there was no way to stop the dance that had begun. The straps of her leather jacket swung open and slid out of their buckles before her sleeves lifted her up on her arms and then slithered away. She watched morosely as they joined her white blouse and disappeared from view. With naked flesh outweighing the clothed, the woman groaned, embarrassed as the final articles began to shiver and break free. The panties, angry at having been kept away for so long ripped along their sides and slipped underneath and away. The woman couldn't move and a cool breeze tickled her now exposed parts. Her bra sprang open with an immodesty that frustrated the woman. As it jumped away from her, the last vestige of her dignity, her breasts bounced up before coming to rest, gravity holding them in its sway, although not in an uncaring way.

You are a beautiful sight came the voice of the man's eyes. Now that you are clothed as I, we may begin.

His hands were soft as they traced up the woman's leg and yet she didn't welcome this alien touch. She was a warrior, not some woman of the night, bent to whatever pleasure a lecherous man might conceive. But again, she was unable to fight back.

Removing his hands, the man sat back and looked deep in thought. Your body is mine to command, but I promise it will feel like nothing you have experienced before.

As he stared, her legs spread apart. She was aware of how her own sex had begun to throb hotly, and each pump of her heart seemed to make the pleasure grow. She looked down and watched as she was opened up, her body's conditioning from years of combat practice making it easy to stretch and contort. When her legs were splayed completely, the man spoke once more. Your sex is covered in hair.

This simple fact had never bothered the woman. She was used to it and it was safer to keep it from view.

Watch he commanded. And as she did the leaves near her crotch parted and the mud began to grow. Up and over her sex the mud crept, warm and yet full of texture. It tugged on her and she cried out in sudden, unexpected pleasure. The mud was grinding up on the surface of her mound and with a regularity that she hated to admit had begun to feel good. Her hips were trying to drive her further into the rhythmic mud and she was feeling the effects of a heightened arousal. But then, the sensation eased away until it was gone. The mud had melted away, and she saw it had taken her hair with it. She had never seen her self naked in such a way before, partly because military recruits were kept on a strict regimen and any dissenters were punished cruelly. She and her fellow conscripts had learned at a young age to keep their hands to themselves, and also off of themselves. Sexually curiosity had thus come and gone. And yet, now, staring at her unadorned lips, the woman felt a deep tingling in her stomach.

Now you are like me said the man.

Her eyes traced up from her own body to that of the man and she saw something else that was new to her. His sex had become bigger and it was now straight and proud as he sat cross-legged before her. She knew of the stories of what happened, but for a grown woman, she was woefully ignorant of the real world.

Fluid came out in a gush from her vagina and she looked down at it. Clear and shiny it dribbled out from within her.

Nectar said the man and she felt herself being lifted. Her legs were coming back together and she was now above the man, almost in a sitting position, feet tucked under, her bottom sticking out. Her smooth lips hovered right above the man's mouth and then, he attacked. He pushed himself into her, his nose rubbing against something that made her tingle, while his tongue explored her deeply. Somehow she felt as if she was going to pee and she tried to keep it in. But as before, her body was not her own and she felt a release and warmth shot from her crease. The man did not seem put off though and instead pushed his tongue deeper into her. Stars shot before her eyes as waves of pleasure overtook her. And then she opened her eyes and the two were back where they had been at the beginning, facing one another.

She felt as if she should lay down then and her head tilted forward, her shoulders following, but her backside remained high. The man was behind her and without speaking he began to explore every part of her. She felt him pressing on her anus, but was worried about what he might do. Your body belongs to me, you are clean.

There was an indignity to it at first, but the man seemed content just to touch all around, his large fingers remaining on the outside, caressing and massaging the folds of the woman's vagina. With a quick movement he placed two fingers inside and began to roughly tug back and forth. But the woman felt no pain, only a mounting pleasure. Again a torrent of liquid poured from her and the man's hand was quickly covered by it. The presence inside her was gone and for a moment she thought the man had gone. But then there was a pressure at her anus again, and she realized he meant to enter her. She put her head down and was able to see her well-formed vagina lips spreading open as if on their own accord, more of the clear juice pulsing from within. And she also saw the man's sex, wet and slick sitting on her, waiting to be pressed in. There was no pain as he did so, perhaps because he was controlling her muscles, and she felt an odd sensation of fullness. But then, as the rhythm built, there was a deep pleasure as well. It was as if her sex was being rubbed from the inside and it excited her more than the mud or his hand had earlier. She continued to watch, panting as the man pulsed in and out. Then she noticed the leaves part and the textured mud cautiously emerged. It climbed slowly, thick and ringed with weight, until it had reached the open cleft of her vagina. With a slow movement it began to circle around her lips, stopped each time at the spot where she was the most sensitive. With this and the movement of the man, the woman felt as if she was watching her body roll and tumble on mounting waves of ecstasy.

Surprise came next as she felt the mud enter her. It was the exact size of the man's sex and it moved now opposite his own movements. The woman bit her lip and rode the combined motions. Each time the man pulled out, the mud instrument slipped in, and vice versa. The upper wall of her vagina was squeezed between the two as they briefly crossed paths. Being stimulated from both sides the woman thought she might go insane from the feeling. Just as she could take no more, the scene ended, and once again she was sitting, her legs apart in front of the man.

Beautiful. came the voice of the man.

She came to her knees and her mouth opened. The man was now in front of her and his sex rested on her lips, willing them to part. In a smooth motion, her mouth opened and he pushed in, only to the front of her tongue. He continued like this for a minute and then taking her throat and the back of her head gently, he eased himself all the way down her throat. The woman did not gag and for some reason had no trouble breathing either and for this she supposed she was grateful. The man pushed harder until the very hilt of his groin was on her nose. Her tongue came out and began to lick his testicles then until he again came out. They were still in this pattern when the woman felt something slip into her vagina again and she was sure it was the mud. This felt to good to be resentful and the woman began to find a pattern with which she could both use the mud tool and allow the man's penis to slide in and out of her mouth. Again and again she lifted up, then down, he went in, then out. There was a slight moan from the man and then her throat filled with something hot and thick. She was surprised she did not gag, but rather felt the warm liquid pour down her throat and she swallowed deeply, closing her eyes and feeling the hardened mud instrument fall from inside her. A sweet aftertaste lingered on her tongue as the man pulled out from her mouth.

It is done he said and she opened her eyes. She was in front of the pool, her hand still pressing the water to her lips as the dark shape of the tree took over most of her vision. As she looked to her side, she almost screamed, for there, a dagger in his hand, lay the body of the man who had chased her into the forest not two hours before, his unseeing eyes as pale as the leaves of the Galion.