 Thank you for all the on-going feedback from the previous story in this series. Hope you enjoy this next chapter. 5s and positive feedback are always appreciated. I also like the feedback that helps me improve my writing. Thank you those that have helped in that regard.

*****

I came to in a world of pain, face down on the carpet of my new bedroom. At least, the carpet seemed familiar. I struggled to my knees and looked down to realize I was naked. I didn't remember stripping naked and lying down on the floor. Something was definitely amiss.

I shook my head to clear the fuzziness I was experiencing and managed to stand up. I had a flash of memory, brunette hair and a white shirt... The feel of a woman's thighs in my hands as I parted them... The scent of the woman herself... Another flash and I lost my balance, my feet collapsing under me. I assumed I'd dreamt it but then she appeared out of nowhere, flowing brunette hair helping me to my feet and supporting me onto the bed where I sat, dazed and confused. I could tell she was talking to me but I couldn't make out the words. I felt her hands over my ears and there was silence. Her hands moved away and I felt normal again.

"...didn't know what effect the joining would have on your species' anatomy." I heard her say. I looked at her confused.

"I said that we didn't know what effect the joining would have on your species' anatomy." She repeated.

"Joining?" I felt like I was reading a book and I'd just turned over four pages by mistake and missed a key part of information. "What the hell do you mean by joining?"

"I'm sorry. Your memory must still be missing chunks." She placed her hand on my head and I felt a presence in the back of my mind, re-ordering my thoughts, making connections. It felt weird and wonderful at the same time and then it all came flooding back, not just the events of the morning but the full night before as well. How I approached her at the bar, figuring she'd blow me off but we got to talking. She was passionate and funny and I remember physically pinching myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming. We danced and laughed the night away before getting in a cab together and she asked if I wanted dropping off first as she lived out of town but when we got to mine and I'd paid the cab she got out with me. Then I remember making a half ass job of getting undressed and lying on the bed and that's where I woke up...

One question sprang to mind once I'd remembered all that. "Who exactly are you?" I asked with a fair amount of trepidation.

"I am yours, if that is enough?" She replied, sitting herself down on the bed.

"Not even close." I replied, shaking my head. "You're going to have to do a lot better than that."

"Well I wasn't born on Earth for one, thing." She stated, as if she were listing groceries to buy.

"You're an alien?!?" I exclaimed. "You can't just say that like it's nothing."

"My apologies. To answer your question, yes I'm an alien. I was born on Faidus, a stage 3 colony world 12.3 million lightyears from here." She removed a palm sized device from a pocket on the shirt she was wearing and held it out on her hand. Light erupted from the centre and formed what looked like a blue green planet, more blue than green. "It was a world that was only about 30% land but it was my home. My people had dozens of world just like it, all in the same galaxy." She explained. "It may be better if I just link with your mind. If I were to explain everything verbally we could be here a long time."

"What would that involve?" I asked a little worried that it might involve invasive surgery or some kind of probe insertion.

"I would place my hands on each side of your head as I did before but the sensations would be more... unpleasant."

"What do you mean unpleasant?"

"You will almost certainly lose consciousness as it induces a sleep state so your brain can process the information my palm device is sending to it. You may also feel a little nauseous."

"Okay. If that's all, let's do it." I turned to face her, slyly sneaking a peek at the valley between her breasts as the shirt she was wearing opened slightly as she turned to me. She placed her hands on either side of my head as before and again, I had the sensation of a presence in the back of mind. It felt more intense just as she said it would. Everything was fine to begin with but then there was a sudden flash of pain, followed by another and then another, the last felt like someone was drilling into my brain from the back of my skull. The fourth one caused me to blackout.

I opened my eyes to find myself orbiting Earth, the black abyss of space all around me. Oddly, I was still naked. "If I wasn't dreaming before I definitely am now" I said out loud.

"Sort of yes." Rachel replied in an ethereal voice.

I jumped, not really expecting a response. "Where are you exactly?"

"In the back of your mind. I assumed you'd want a narrator?"

"Any chance the narrator can have a form? Talking to thin air kind of freaks us humans out a bit."

"Certainly." All of a sudden she was floating beside me wearing a skin tight suit, unzipped to flash her cleavage, the suit showing off every curve of her body. I could feel myself drooling.

"What are you staring at?" She asked modestly. She knew.

"You can't wear something like that in front of me and expect me to be able to think straight." I replied without really meaning it. I had no problem with what she was wearing.

The image of us screwing in zero-G popped into my head. She looked right at me and smiled and closed the distance between us, her lithe form pressing against me as her suit unzipped itself and began folding itself off her shoulders. My left hand slid to the back of her head, bringing her face close to mine as we kissed, her scent inflaming my libido causing a predictable swelling. Her suit was now tugging itself off her legs, revealing more of her gorgeous body. Her hand slid down my body, grasping my now rock hard member. My right hand found her ass which I used to press her body tight against mine, pressing my rigid cock against her crotch. 

I rolled her onto her side and she instinctively opened her legs. I thrust up into her and she bit down on my shoulder to stifle a scream. She arched her back as I began thrusting, putting her tits on display. I leaned in, taking the nipple of the right in my mouth, nibbling and sucking it, making it hard. She purred her approval as my thrusting continued, her fingers clawing at my back, her back arching further. I looked up and realized we were in motion, the sight of the planets of our solar system sliding past in the background only added to the overwhelming sight of the stunning woman sliding inevitably towards a climax. She called out, syllables extending in rapturous pleasure as her voice echoing into the dark void of space.

We lost ourselves in the contact of each other for what felt like hours, kissing and caressing, both of us vibrating from the come down.

I looked up after some time and realized we weren't in our solar system anymore. We were orbiting a planet that looked mostly water.

"Is that your home planet?" I asked.

"Yes it was. It doesn't look like that anymore." She broke eye contact, her eyes leaking tears. 

I decoupled us, suddenly aware of how inappropriate our current embrace was given the context of what I was seeing.

She wiped her tears away with the garment she had been wearing.

"You used the word had earlier? You said your people had many worlds like this one? What happened?"

"The Etraxis happened. We were a peaceful culture, we'd not known the war and violence that other civilizations suffer early on in our development so when we encountered The Etraxis we met them as friends. They were a war-like race that had no word in their language for peace. Unfortunately for us they didn't see technological advancement as valid superiority. 


"So they tried to wipe you out?" I asked, engrossed.

"Yes. One by one our colonies were destroyed, their populaces slaughtered or enslaved. We tried to fight back but they had the experience in warfare and the numbers. The outcome was inevitable. My parents were part of a freighter crew that ran supplies from our world to the other worlds in our system so they had access to a ship. We left our world on the ship before the Etraxis arrived." I could tell the telling of this story was affecting her. Her eyes were becoming moist again.

"So there are more of you?" I placed my hand on hers and squeezed, hoping to come across comforting.

"No-one else survived the journey. There were six cryopods on the ship. I was in one, obviously, two of the others were occupied by my parents, plus the other two crew and their child."

"Oh Rachel... I am so sorry. I can't imagine what it must be like to have lost your parents like that." I hugged her once more, her shoulder nestling against my chest.

"These aren't recent events. I've been on your planet now for more than a year." 

"More than a year? What have you been doing in the meantime?" 

"I was on board our ship using its systems to change my biological make up to adapt to your world. I also had to change the way I looked to blend in."

"Your people, they don't look like us?" 

"No my original form was very different. I chose this form based on icons from your popular culture."

"So how did you change your form? Was there some kind of machine on your ship?"

"No need. My kind have the ability to change our form ourselves. It just takes some time."

"Which is why you stayed in the ship for so long." I said, somewhat redundantly.

It was at that point I spotted a large flare of light on one of the small land masses on the planet. I watched closely as the light left the atmosphere and turned towards us.

"That's your ship isn't it?" She turned around while still in my arms, my arms tightening the embrace as her body molded itself to mine.

"Yes that is us leaving the planet. Once out of the atmosphere we entered cryosleep and then the ship jumped to hyperspace." As she said that, the ship broke orbit shortly before it developed a purplish halo, the halo projecting out in front of the ship before forming a perfect circle. The ship then slid into the circle and disappeared completely.

"How are we able to watch past this point if you've just left the system?" I asked, more than a little surprised at my observation.

"Our ship continued to receive telemetry and information till the last settlement was destroyed." It was at that point I started to feel a bit weird about floating naked in space while we discussed the genocide of a whole race.

"Can you put some clothes on us? Us being naked at this point feels a little weird."

"Of course." And just like that we were clothed, both of us wearing suits like the one she'd been wearing earlier.

Then I saw it. The ship that destroyed her home. It slid out of the black void of space like a predator would, all restrained power, coiled like a spring. The fact that this thing destroyed a planet didn't surprise me. It was easily a mile long, looking much a ship from any sci-fi series you could name. But it was black, so black it almost blended in with the empty vacuum behind it. It shimmered slightly, encircled by a ball of what must have been it's shield.

"You're right."

Her words startled me, shook me from where I'd drifted off to in my mind which was weird, because that's where we were.

"About what?" 

"Their ships are shielded. In the war we managed to destroy many of their ships but their civilization was setup for war, everytime a ship was destroyed they built three more."

The ship approached the planet, a small glowing circle on it's front increase in size. A beat of light discharged from the circle, arrowing into the planet. From our perspective it hit in silence but the impact was clearly anything but quiet. A huge shock wave was already emanating out from the point of impact, a cloud of dust polluting the atmostphere. This wasn't about taking the planet from Rachel's race. It was about exterminating them.

I saw she was crying again and opened my arms which she fell into, her head finding my shoulder as the tears began really pouring. "We've... I've seen enough Rachel. You can stop this."

I felt her nod and then I woke yet again on my bed, Rachel hunched over still crying. I instinctively reached for her shoulder and she leaned into me. "It okay Rachel, you're safe now. Your people's enemy will never find you here."

"Does that mean I can stay with you? I'll make you so happy."

"You had me at hello."