 Thank you for all the on-going feedback from the previous stories in this series. Hope you enjoy this next chapter. 5s and positive feedback are always appreciated. I also like the feedback that helps me improve my writing. Thank you those that have helped in that regard. 

Apologies for the overly long chatty bit at the end - dialogue is one of the main things I have trouble with. If anyone has any tips for that I'd appreciate it.

*****

I arrived home from my first day at work exhausted. I'd spent most of the morning getting "Inducted" and the rest of the day in training and meetings. In truth, I'd nearly forgot about Rachel entirely. Stepping through the door when I got home corrected that pretty efficiently.

I stepped inside and noticed something different immediately. Someone had unpacked my stuff and put it away exactly as I was planning to when I got home. Not only that, but there was stuff mingled in with mine that wasn't mine. Some of it was decidedly girly. 

The smell of cooking wafted at me from the kitchen and my mouth began watering immediately. I hung my jacket up and shucked my shoes off, dropping them on the shoe rack which I guessed was Rachel's. 

"Honey I'm home." I called through and a Rachel shaped blur practically tackled me at the door to the kitchen, partially winding me. "Nice to see you too." I jested once I caught my breath.

"What's for dinner?" I asked, not really wanting her to end this hug.

She raised her head so her eyes could meet mine. "Shepherd's pie. Wanna know what's for desert?" She added, a twinkle in her eye.

"Erm... Chocolate cake?" I replied hopefully.

"Nope. Me." She pulled my head down to hers for a long, sensual kiss, my hands travelling down her back to her ass where I discovered she only had a short skirt on. A very short skirt. My hands slid under it and began groping her ass. I broke the kiss, my breath coming in ragged gasps, my pulse racing.

"How long till the pie's done?" 

"We've got... About... 30 minutes. Why?" She replied, trying to catch her own breath.


"Because I want the desert now." I pulled her lips back onto mine re-engaging the kiss and re-enflaming our passions. My hands went for the hem of her panties to remove them and found she wasn't wearing any. I lifted her easily and was about to pin her against the wall but realized we'd not actually had sex in a bed yet. I dropped her to the floor and grabbed her hand, leading her towards the stairs before she questioned what was wrong. 

We crossed the threshold to the bedroom and I turned to find she'd removed her clothes climbing the stairs. She strode toward me, dropping to her knees as she reached me, her hands quickly unbuckling my belt and undoing my trousers, wrenching them and my boxers down to my ankles, my semi hard prick springing free.

She grasped the base and started to jack me off, her hand pumping my meat rhythmically as it started to swell to full hardness. I unbuttoned my shirt and threw it in the direction of the laundry basket. Now satisfied that my cock was near full hardness she opened her mouth and enveloped all 9 inches, (the enlargement of which I'd noticed when I'd gone to the toilet at work) and she held it there, seemingly without breathing. I groaned aloud as I felt her tongue swirling round my cock, apparently able to tickle my sensitive spots without losing suction. I groaned and my knees nearly buckled. Sensing I was approaching climax, she removed my cock from her mouth with a popping sound, a frustrated groan slipping from my throat.

She stood, pushing me backwards onto the bed in one swift motion. She climbed onto the bed, straddling me just above my hips, her right hand deftly lining up my cock with her pussy. I gasped as her hot wet snatch enveloped my rod and she began riding me. Her hips rocked back and forth, her hands fondling her tits. I laid back and enjoyed the show for the first couple of minutes, counting my lucky stars that this beauty chose me above every other man in that bar to bond herself to.

Her pace quickened, catching me in my reverie and suddenly I felt a stirring in my crotch, I gasped and felt her presence in the back of my mind, tickling and probing where no person had touched me before, accelerating my impending climax. She looked down on me and smiled and time itself seemed to freeze, I was trapped in that one moment of time, teetering on the precipice of climax. She leaned in, the movement slowed to a crawl. She kissed me on the lips and I tipped over the point of no return, I fell into my release, the pleasure of it setting off New Year's Eve worthy fireworks in my brain.

She collapsed on top of me, her body slick with sweat, mingling with mine. Her head found a nice spot on my chest. We lay there enjoying the blissful come down of our latest lovemaking session when I realized something.

"Didn't you have dinner in the oven?" I asked.

She sprang off me uttering curse words and flew for the door. I rose a little more gracefully and grabbed my dressing gown from the closet and another one which was apparently hers. I slipped into mine and sauntered downstairs.

Rachel was just retrieving the pie from the oven when I walked into the kitchen. There is something to be said for the sight of a beautiful woman wearing only a pair of oven gloves.

"Forgot something beautiful?" I asked, offering her the dressing gown. "Much as I like you undressed if one of the neighbors looks in the window while you're in your current state, you're likely to give someone a coronary." I added, indicating the kitchen window looking out onto the front yard, curtains drawn.

She put the pie down and slipped the oven gloves off before retrieving her gown from me. I took the opportunity to grab a kiss as she slipped it on, my hands sliding under the material and round her back, the material sliding away and exposing her taut flesh once more to my ravenous gaze.

"Down boy." She said demurely, patting my crotch for emphasis.

"Can you blame me? You have seen yourself in a mirror, I take it?" I replied, adjusting my dressing gown to hide my now swollen cock.

She blushed, clearly not sure how to take the compliment. Instead she turned and went back to plating up dinner. I busied myself with setting the table with cutlery and pouring a nice white wine that had appeared on the kitchen side, presumably from a grocery run.

"How was your day?" I asked, suddenly realising I'd barely spoke to her since I got home.

"It was okay. Another day without a breakthrough." She added. She'd told me the night before that she worked in a research lab for a drug company. The project team she was working with was trying to cure cancer. I asked her at the time why she didn't know the cure but she told me that cancer wasn't anything her race had seen before. She did believe she could speed up the research with the knowledge she had of biology in general however.

"Sorry to hear that. Did that Steve guy ask you out again?" He was one of the project team whose persistent advances were something Rachel had had to learn to live with. She'd rebutted him countless times. I couldn't really blame him but I could tell it made her uncomfortable.

"No not today. He wasn't in the lab. He's down in London for the week at a conference."

"At least you get a week away from him. Do you want me to speak to him? Explain that you've got a boyfriend now. I'll meet him at your work do next week won't I?" She'd sort of sprung that one on me to be honest. It was a black tie as well. 

"I'll tell him that first next time I see him. That may just put him off to be honest." She replied, handing me my dinner, still steaming from the oven. 

"This looks delicious." I wasn't exaggerating. The first forkful went in and I doubted a professional chef could have done any better.

"It's a little overdone thanks to a certain someone." She replied, the hint of a twinkle in her eye as she forked up another mouthful.

"You started it." I replied. One corner of my mouth lifting in a grin.

"How was your first day at your new job?" She asked, smirking slightly.

"Oh it was great. Spent the morning being inducted and then spent the afternoon in boring meetings." I replied.

"Sounds fascinating." She replied sarcastically.

We finished the meal and we washed the dishes and I realized I hadn't asked her something from our first morning together.

"That device you used to display your planet on, what was it?" I asked.

"It was my personal AI." She replied, as having a personal AI was entirely normal.

"AI... As in artificial intelligence?" I replied, a little shocked.

"Yes. It's entirely safe though. It's not genocidal like the ones from your movies. Its neural pathways were partially modelled on my father's."

"Wait... Your father's? So that was his voice I heard the first time we... we..." I stuttered, trying to find a delicate way of phrasing it.

"The first time we joined?" She prompted.

"Yes. That."

"What voice? What did it say?"

"That you were the last of them and that I should take care of you." I replied, starting to believe I imagined it as I did. "It sounded a bit... Mournful." I added.

"My father must have left a message for the person who joined with me." She replied, a tear rolling down her cheek. Then the tears began to flow and she was in my arms, sobbing her eyes out. "I'm sorry, I don't know why I get like this sometimes."

"I do." I replied, my hand lifting her chin to I could look her in the eyes. "You're human."

She nodded and began wiping the tears away. "Thank you James."

"No problem and I promise you that I will never let anyone or anything hurt you. Truth is, I know we've only known each other a couple of days, but I'm already pretty crazy about you."

"Me too." She replied, grinning.

"So tell me about this work do we're going to next week. I don't have to buy a new suit do I?"