 "Well, that was easy," Mike mused as they arrived back at their quarters. 

"Uh huh," Melody agreed. "Almost... too easy. I wouldn't expect all of our assignments to be that simple." 

"Agreed." 

As the pair embraced, happy at their first successful negotiation with a genie servant and her master, there came a knock at their door. Mike crossed the small bridge of their quarters, opening the door slowly. 

"Congratulations my friends!" King Farzan said exuberantly. 

"Farzan! Thank you, sir. Please, come in," Mike replied. 

"Thank you. Ah, Melody, there you are," he said, greeting her with a warm hug. "Selena has been raving about you ever since she arrived back from your training yesterday!" 

Giggling, Melody answered, "Well, I owe it all to her. She's an excellent teacher." 

"What can we do for you?" Mike asked. 

Waving his hand, Farzan replied, "Of course, of course, to business. The next genie servant is a member of the Water Tribe, and I have come to assist you in finding their location, as well as to provide you some information on that genie's master." 

"Awesome! What've you got for us?" Melody said. 

With a wave of his hand, Farzan conjured up a large, ethereal globe of Earth, spinning it around momentarily before zooming in on an area. He checked several locations before saying, "Ah, there she is. Your next target is here, in Los Angeles, California in the United States." 

"That doesn't exactly narrow it down," Mike said. "LA is literally one of the biggest cities on the planet." 

With a warm laugh, Farzan replied, "Of course, but I know specifically who the genie's master is. Meet Shane Walker, aged twenty-two and student at the University of Southern California." The globe disappeared and became a cloud showing Shane's picture, as well as some of his demographic information. "He found his genie his freshman year, four years ago, and has used her powers to become one of the most popular students at his school, being a football star and the president of his fraternity." 

Flipping through Shane's information with his hands, Mike mused, "This guy's list of conquests... it's ridiculously long! Holy crap, who on campus hasn't he had sex with?" 

"How many of those were due to his genie's intervention?" Melody asked. 

"Directly? Not quite as many as you might think," Farzan answered. "Only about a quarter were ones he slept with thanks to a direct wish." 

"All the girls fall for the stupid jock," Mike sighed. 

"Quite true. However, of the ones that he did use a wish to have sex with, I believe this one," Farzan pulled up one girl's profile, "is of particular note." 

Studying the information momentarily, Mike replied, "Farzan my friend, you are a genius..." 

***** 

"SHANE!!" the brothers of Zeta Beta Tau cheered. 

"What up, my bros?!" Shane replied. 

"Helluva party last night, man," one of the brothers said, shaking his hand. 

"Please, that was nothin'. Just wait 'til ya see what I got cookin' for tonight! No spoilers, but let's just say it's gonna be a... target rich environment for all my dear brothers." 

As the living room of frat boys cheered, Shane excused himself to his room upstairs, saying he had to confirm the band for that night. He smirked to himself in anticipation as he climbed the stairs, slowly walking down the hallway until he arrived at Zeta Beta Tau's Presidential Quarters. Entering his room, he locked the door behind him, calling out for Kendra. 

"Babe? You here?" 

"Right heeeeere!" she said, relaxing on the bed with a fashion magazine. 

"Kendra, this is unacceptable! Where is your uniform?" Shane said harshly. 

"My apologies, Master," she replied. With a snap of her fingers, she was instantly clad in bikini bottoms and a wet t-shirt, flaunting her DD breasts proudly. With long, bleach blonde hair and richly tanned skin, Kendra blended into the USC campus brilliantly, appearing to be a perfectly normal twenty-one year-old student. Even so, Shane rarely let her leave the frat house, only bringing her out in public for instances where he wanted to show off with her powers. 

"Much better," Shane said, inspecting her form. "Now then, is everything ready for tonight's party?" 

"Yep," she replied in her valley girl accent. "Band's gonna be bitchin', all the hottest girls on campus will be here, and of course, a keg of Coors is in route." 

"Perfect," Shane said, running his fingers through his short, brown hair. "I wish my last class was canceled for the day so that I can fuck your brains out, babe." 

"I don't know if I'd make that wish... something else might come up," a strange voice came from behind him, interrupting Kendra's granting of his wish. 

Turning around on his foot, Shane found himself face-to-face with a man, perhaps a couple of years older than him, with short, blonde hair and a look of confidence in his eye. "How'd you fuckin' get in here?" 

"Hello, to you too. My name's Mike." 

"I don't care who the fuck you are, get outta my room!" Shane ordered. 

Placing a hand on his shoulder, Kendra quietly said, "I have not yet done what you asked... do you want me to-" 

"Shut up and sit down, Kendra. I'll handle this fucker," Shane interrupted, standing his imposing figure up tall and flexing his muscles in an attempt to intimidate Mike. 

"Well, well, aren't you a charmer, Shane?" Mike mused with a chuckle. He already disliked this guy immensely. The way he spoke to and about women, carrying himself like the arrogant asshole he was, all of it disgusted Mike. He's worse than Stifler, Mike thought to himself, remembering the American Pie series. 

Getting up in Mike's face, Shane threatened, "You've got exactly three seconds to get out of my room, or I'll turn your face inside out!" 

Mike just smiled right back at him, letting the three seconds pass silently. 

"Ok then, you asked for it," Shane said, drawing his fist back. Before he could lunge forward to punch Mike, however, he felt something latch solidly onto his arm, holding it in place. Looking behind him, he saw that a gorgeous redhead had her hand on his wrist. "What the fuck?! Lemmie go!" he said as he struggled. 

"Release him!" Kendra commanded, stepping forward. As she approached, she was suddenly blown back onto the bed by an unseen force. 

"Gladly," the redhead replied, effortlessly tossing Shane onto the bed with her. 

Standing, Mike said, "Alright, now that we've got your attention, how about you actually listen to what we have to say?" 

"Just who the fuck are you?!" Shane said defiantly. 

"As I previously said back when you weren't interested in who I am, my name is Mike. This," he motioned to the redhead, "is Melody, my wife." 

"Yeah, right," Shane snorted. "Like you could ever get a girl that hot to marry a loser like you!" 

"Watch your mouth," Melody said firmly, causing Shane to lean back slightly in apprehension. 

"Let's get down to business, Shane," Mike said. "We know all about you, and especially all about Kendra here." 

Glancing back and forth between Mike and Melody rapidly, Shane smirked and replied, "What exactly do you think you know about her?" 

"That she's a genie," Melody answered with a smile. 

Shane's smirk instantly disappeared from his face as he realized that he was not dealing with ordinary individuals. "What do you want with her?" he asked, shifting slightly to sit between Kendra and them. 

"Just to talk," Mike said. "Are you willing to hear us out completely?" 

As he was about to reply with his usual profanity-laced tirade, Kendra gently placed her hand on his shoulder, saying, "I think we should at least hear what they have to say. Did you see how easily she threw us down?" He nodded affirmative. "My only conclusion can be that... Melody is a genie as well, one far more powerful than even me," she finished. 

"You're right about that," Melody said. 

Exasperated, Shane sighed, "Fine. What do you have to say?" 

Mike and Melody explained to Shane about the laws governing genie servants, which he was aware of, as well as the existence of the Council of Four. They described the recent changes that had been made by the Council, and that the two of them had come at their request, explaining that the changes can only apply to Kendra if Shane agreed to them. 

Laughing, Shane replied, "I get it... you need me!" 

"If you wish to put things into the simplest terms, yes," Melody answered. 

"Well, I mean, if that's the case... fuck off," he said with a grin. 

Mike began, "Shane listen-" 

"No, YOU listen shithead!" he interrupted. "I don't know what this 'Council of Four' is tryin' to do here, but don't I want no part of it. I can have any woman I want, and I ain't givin' that up so easily. You want me to go along with this, you gotta make it worth my while." 

Mike had been afraid of this. He knew that they had little actual compensation to offer in this situation, but he decided to play along for the time being. "What did you have in mind?" Mike asked. 

Looking at Melody, Shane replied, "A hundred blowjobs from her, whenever and wherever I choose, each more mind-blowing than the last. You promise me that, including a good faith blowjob right here, right now, and I'll agree to it." 

Eyeing him warily, Melody slowly walked up to him, a mischievous grin spreading across her face. Bending her knees slightly to put herself on eye level with Shane as he sat on his bed, she winked, and then slapped him across the face full force. "I wouldn't touch you if my life depended on it. You disgust me." 

Shane just smirked and turned his head towards Mike. "Congrats man," he sneered. "Your bitch just blew the only chance you had." 

Mike shook his head in annoyance at his thick-headedness. "Shane, this is exactly why the Council decided to enact these changes: because of people like you. You're stupid, selfish, thoughtless, and have no regard for the effects of your decisions on the world around you." 

"Oh, shut up! I have plenty of regard for the world around me. Every babe that I fucked using magic had their memory erased if that's what they woulda wanted." 

"You still forced them to have sex with you, you bastard! You RAPED them!" Mike fired back, his anger rising. He and Shane now stood face-to-face in the middle of the room, each refusing to back down from the other. 

"It's not rape if they don't even know it happened at all!" Shane countered. 

"Really?" Mike asked incredulously. "I wonder if Stacy would feel that way?" 

Standing in stunned silence for several seconds, Shane at first didn't know how to respond. Melody and Kendra said nothing; they could tell that this conflict was one that only their masters could resolve on their own. After a full minute of tense silence, Shane finally answered, "How... the fuck... do you know about Stacy?" 

"I told you Shane... I know everything about you," Mike said quietly. "I know that you loved her, that you've loved her since the two of you grew up together as next-door neighbors." 

"Yeah, so what? She didn't feel the same way, no biggie," he said nonchalantly. 

"But that's not true, is it, Shane?" Mike asked with a grin. "She did love you, didn't she?" 

"Shut up," Shane growled, his anger rising. 

"She did love you, but she refused to have sex with you. Stacy had made a choice for herself to wait until she was married to have sex at all, isn't that right?" Mike continued, "But that wasn't good enough for you. You may have loved her, but you allowed genuine love to be replaced with lust. You wished to have sex with her. You took her virginity, knowing full well that you were forcing her to go against the decision she made for herself." 

"I told you, she doesn't remember ANYTHING!" Shane screamed. "As far as she knows, she's still just as much a virgin as the day she was born." 

"Irrelevant," Mike said simply. "You still took away her free will. She made a decision for herself, a decision that she had every right to make, and you forcibly shattered her freedom." 

"I didn't break ANY rules! Even your Council will tell you that!" Shane replied. 

"Just because you have the power to do what you did does NOT give you the RIGHT!" Mike said angrily. 

Shane stood openmouthed, seething and stammering, trying to come up with a strong comeback, but his words failed him. "What... what am I supposed to do? Wish for her to be a virgin all over again? Wish that it never happened? Is that what you want?" 

"It's not about what I want, it's about what Stacy would want," Mike said calmly. "Do you really think that's what she would want? To have her life magically interfered with again?" 

Sighing, Shane hung his head, shaking it in the negative. 

Mike slowly approached him, placing a hand on his shoulder, saying, "You are now realizing what you have done to someone else. I can tell that you are starting to feel remorse for it. I'm going to be honest with you, Shane. There's nothing you can do to make things better between you and Stacy; what's done is done. However, you can begin to make amends by agreeing to the new laws, for the sake of all the women you have yet to use Kendra's powers on. That, I believe, is what Stacy would want. It's your choice; I can't force you into it. But I think, deep down, you know the right thing to do." 

Choking back a catch in his throat, Shane finally replied, "I'll do it." 

Not a word was spoken from that moment, save for Melody's declaration of the new laws being active for Kendra. Shane remained quiet and contemplative, but Melody could have sworn she saw a glimmer of maturity in his eyes. Kendra was silent, but beamed at Shane as Melody finished her duties; despite his character flaws, she still genuinely loved him. As Melody finished, Shane and Mike shook hands, wishing each other good luck in the future. 

"I know this was impossibly hard for you, Shane, but you did the right thing," Mike reassured him. 

"I guess... I've just got a lot to think about," he said quietly. 

"You'll be alright. If today is any indication, the man you can become one day will put to shame the man you are right now. You'll get there." 

Shane nodded in understanding, shaking Mike's hand once more. As Mike turned to leave, Melody slowly approached Shane, cupping his cheeks in her soft, delicate hands. Bending him down slightly, she surprisingly kissed him on the cheek. "Shane, don't ever forget," she said, "you have the greatest woman you will ever know in your life right now. She will always be with you, no matter what. Love her. Cherish her. I began life as nothing more than a servant genie, and I know I would not have become the woman I grew to be without Mike. He loves me, not for what I am, but for who I am. That's what Kendra deserves. If you can give her that, then you will have become more of a man than you ever imagined you would be." 

Turning, she rejoined Mike, taking his hand. "Shane, Kendra, take care of each other," Melody said with a smile. With a flash of blue light, they were gone. 

Now alone with Kendra, Shane paced around the room for several minutes, deep in thought. Eventually, he plopped down to sit on his queen-sized bed, burying his face in his hands. Kendra joined him, sitting next to him quietly while gently rubbing his back with her hand. Kissing him lightly on the cheek, she racked her brain to think of a way to bring him out of his apparent depression. 

"Are you alright, Master?" 

"No... I'm not," he replied quietly. 

"It's Stacy, isn't it?" she asked. After he nodded in confirmation, she said, "It will do you no good to continue to dwell on her. What Mike said is right: what's done is done." 

"That doesn't change what I did to her," he muttered through his hands. 

"I know," Kendra replied. "Still... I can't tell you how proud of you I am. What you did today is the sweetest, most mature thing I've ever seen you do. I know we have a long way to go, but... I believe that, one day, you will look back on today as the turning point of your life." Kissing his forehead sweetly, she continued, "I'm sorry for being so forward in my thoughts, but I felt it might help soothe your mind. If I have spoken out of turn-" 

Shane suddenly pulled Kendra close, silencing her with a long, deep kiss. As they parted, he said, "Thanks, Kendra. I... I needed that." 

Flashing a smile with her pearly white teeth, Kendra drew close to kiss him once more, gently pushing Shane onto his back. Straddling him, they continued their passionate make out session, though she could tell he seemed more tentative than usual. Sensing that he might have become afraid of having sex with anyone, even her, Kendra stared at him with a mischievous grin and began unbuttoning his shirt. 

"Kendra, you don't have to-" 

"I want to," she said simply. "Master, I can sense your apprehension; it's perfectly normal after everything that's happened today. I hope that you can become a better man from all of this, but that doesn't mean that you have to stop loving altogether. If making mistakes in love and relationships prevented someone from loving again in the future, the whole world is screwed." 

Shane chuckled at her joke. "Guess that's true," he mused. 

Running her hands over his now bare chest, Kendra said, "You're still my perfect man. You always have been, and always will be." Now slipping her hands inside the waistband of his gym shorts, she continued, "Even if you doubt yourself, please don't ever doubt me. You still deserve me, and I'm not going anywhere." 

Kendra slid his shorts and boxers down, revealing his cock as it slowly hardened to its fully erect nine inches. Giggling playfully, she slipped her t-shirt off, jiggling her huge tits as she did so. Shane, finally starting to feel better, untied the knots of her neon green bikini bottoms, yanking them out from under her as she squealed in delight. 

"There's a good boy," Kendra purred, running the lips of her sopping wet pussy along the underside of Shane's member. Reaching his tip, she teased him momentarily, rocking her hips back and forth to coat his head in her slick juices. 

"Oh fuck," Shane whispered as she slid herself onto his length. Kendra's pussy was exceptionally tight today; he felt as if an irresistible force was sucking him in, refusing to let him go. As she reached the base of his cock, she ground her hips against him, gasping as she felt him stretch her tunnel. Slowly increasing her tempo, she took Shane's hands, holding them up to steady herself on them as she began to bounce on his cock. 

"Oh... oh yes!" Kendra cooed, biting her lower lip in pleasure. 

Shane was in absolute bliss. He and Kendra had done some amazingly nasty things over the last four years, things that would make anyone short of a seasoned pornstar queasy. Still, this was the first time that he actually felt like he and Kendra were making love, rather than just fucking. In spite of all of his idiotic choices, she loved him all the same. He was her greatest pleasure, as was evident in her face as she rode him. 

"Oh... oh yes! Oh Master!" Kendra continued to moan. 

"Shane." 

"W-what?" Kendra said as she opened her eyes, unsure of what she had heard. 

"From now on... call me Shane, please." 

Not slowing her pace one bit, she replied, "If... you're sure..." 

Sitting up straight, he wrapped her in his arms and kissed his way up her chest. Upon reaching her neck, he nibbled her earlobe slightly, whispering, "Positive." 

"Of course... Shane," Kendra whispered back with a smile. Placing her hands firmly on his shoulders, she fucked him at a feverish pace, feeling her climax coming on strong. 

"Please tell me you're about to cum," Shane said, almost reading her mind. 

"You bet your ass... so you'd better cum too," she replied. 
