 Chapter 1

     Silk, the Disgruntled Vampire

          1

Her eyelids slid slowly open, revealing eyes of the purest white. She took a moment to stretch, working out the kinks that invariably set in during sleep. Waking up had always been the hardest thing for her, for she enjoyed her sleep very much. Her sleep was dreamless, and her thoughts were quiet. It was much better to sleep than be awake.

A moment later, the black irises appeared as her eyes rolled down from the back of her head. Her stomach growled with hunger, and she licked her lips in quiet anticipation. She counted down the seconds until the time would be safe and she could hunt once more. She felt the darkness overcome her soul again, and she relished in the intense feeling.

When the time was right, she pushed open the lid of the intricately carved and gold-inlaid coffin. In the distance outside her tomb, the sun began to set behind the mountains, shrouding the world in darkness. She sat up and looked around the quiet crypt to make sure she was truly alone. Her eyes turned red as she gazed at the darkness with the blood-sight of her kind, seeing the blackness as mortals saw daylight. Everything was as it should have been, she realized with a small amount of relief. No one knew about last night's dalliance or had followed her here to wait.

She was safe.

The woman turned to the decaying corpse lying next to her within the coffin. It was laid out in a pale, white dress, the once slim, beautiful hands crossed over the deceased woman's chest. She wore a gold wedding band on her left hand, and the vampire had to smile.

"Thank you for your hospitality this day," she told the deceased, stroking the almost skeletal hand. "You were a most gracious hostess. By the way, you may call me Silk next time I call upon you."

She pulled herself out of the coffin and stood up. Around her, the spirits of the dead watched silently, jealously, as this intruder in their domain returned to life. The air in the tomb was frigid, but it did not affect Silk, for she no longer felt the extremes of heat and cold. She shivered, however, as she contemplated the coming night and what all it might hold. The hunt thrilled her, as did the aspect of a romp with some prospective food.

She looked down at her clothes and sighed despondently. Her sleep had completely wrinkled the outfit, and dirt from last night's chase had spotted the material. Silk turned to look at the corpse she had slept with.

"This life is hell on clothes," she murmured. "I'll have to change before I get started tonight. The whores won't exactly welcome me if I'm too dirty. I do have an image to maintain, after all. A lady of society cannot be seen in such shambles."

Silk stepped over the drained corpse she had fed off last night and placed her hands against the solid door leading outside from the crypt. With a gentle push, the door gave way to her strength, letting her out into the night to hunt once more. The cool air kissed her cheek, sending a flash of warmth between her legs. She allowed her fangs to drop as she released the vampire. The scent of prey on the wind made the blood boil in her veins. The intoxicating flavor of young, tender flesh alerted her to food in the vicinity. She could smell their raging hormones from here—young, tender, untouched flesh, she could tell.

"Oooh..." she purred delightedly, her red eyes sparkling. "I can just imagine the conversation he's giving her now."

Silk shook her head and clicked her tongue pityingly. "I should kill them both just for being young and stupid."

She raised her arms to begin her transformation but paused for a moment. Her lips curled into a small smile. "Maybe I'll just kill him for being a jerk. The girl might not deserve to die, and she might be a great lover," she added as an afterthought.

A cloud of mist enveloped her, and she formed the image of a bat in her mind. Using her will, she poured herself into the image, feeling her muscles constrict, her arms expand, and her weight diminish until she was flapping in the air, smaller than she had been before. She found a freedom in flying that she did not feel in even her wolf form. She could cover greater distances and did not have to fear a hunter trying to kill her for her pelt.

She found the two soon-to-be-lovers nearby and had to wonder how he convinced her to come to a cemetery to lose her virginity—the possibility of creating life in a place of death actually made Silk's skin crawl. But she decided to perch in a tree and observe to see how stupid the girl actually was. Silk sighed in her mind and transformed back into her human form, sitting on a branch of the ancient oak tree. A smile split her dark red lips, and she misted, moving unseen behind the grave marker the two were laying beneath under the moonlight.

The scent of their arousal was thick, and Silk felt wetness soak her panties. The girl was going to be tasty, and the thought of introducing her to the pleasures of a woman's body made Silk's knees weak. She had to bide her time, though, so as to not scare the girl off. The boy she did not care about more and more as she heard him speaking to the girl.

"I'm still not sure about this, Jeremy," the young, stupid virgin said hesitantly as she looked around the graveyard. "Why don't we just find an inn or someplace else?"

"There's nothing to worry about, baby," the young boy, Jeremy, said comfortingly as he stroked the girl's blonde hair. Silk almost laughed at his desperation. She could sense the rapid beating of his heart and knew that he would explode if he could not take this girl soon. Silk hoped the girl would hold off for just a few more seconds so her "lover" would completely humiliate himself.

"Are you sure it won't hurt?" she asked, chewing lightly on her fingernail. "Cathy had sex with Darren and said it really, really hurt at first."

"No, baby, it's supposed to feel really, really good," he said, his hand lightly stroking her hip as they lay side by side. "But it has to be done right, that's all."

Don't give it up to this weasel, girl, Silk pleaded silently.

"O-Okay...but go slow," she said, and Silk cursed the girl's stupidity.

Silk phased away to another tombstone where she could watch them unobserved. The boy, Jeremy, kissed the girl's lips, and their complete inexperience set Silk's nerves on edge. She watched him paw at the girl's young breasts, and Silk could only imagine what it must have felt like to the girl. The gentle caress of an experienced lover was so different than that of someone who had never stroked a breast before. Silk watched as his eagerness took over, and he started pulling the girl's clothes off hurriedly, almost ripping them in his haste.

Silk let him open the girl's bodice, exposing her small, firm breasts and hardened nipples, sensing his heart rate increasing, before she loudly cleared her throat. Silk had to admit that she wanted to see the girl's breasts, as well, and she was not disappointed in them.

Seeing how far they both jumped at her intrusion was almost worth interrupting them by itself. The girl screamed and pulled her blouse closed while the boy cowered behind her, not daring to show his face in shame. The girl threw her head back and stared at Silk.

"Who are you?" the girl demanded bravely, though her voice quivered uncontrollably.

She looked at the woman kneeling atop the tombstone like a dark angel of mercy in a heavenly gold dress. Her beauty seemed almost ethereal—almost god-like. The woman kept her lion's mane of red hair tousled and piled atop her head alluringly, the long bangs falling to the side to partially cover her large, long Elven ears. She wore a very, very short dress that would probably be considered indecent in most civilized societies, but she pulled it off to excellent effect. The front of the golden dress had a plunging neckline that revealed more of her stunning breasts than even a street prostitute showed, but her body and the way she carried herself gave the dress far more class than it deserved. The dress stopped near the top of her thighs, and the way Silk was perched above the tombstone gave the two an excellent view of her matching string bikini underwear. A golden medallion lay on her chest, held up by a thin gold wire around her neck. She looked like she was heading to a party, other than her dress being dirty.

Silk watched the two of them, her arousal growing at the memory of the girl's breasts. The vampire could imagine their weight in her hands, the proud, red nipples pressing into her palms. She wanted to undress the girl completely and see her totally naked as the Lords of Light wanted her to be. Silk could imagine the girl's legs over her shoulders as the vampire lathed her young opening with her hot tongue, bringing her to heights of pleasure that no man could ever hope to match.

Her loins burned with the images she created in her mind.

She smiled at the girl, hiding the two long incisors within her small mouth. "Let's just say I'm a guardian hoping to prevent you from making a mistake you'll regret forever," the vampire answered the girl's question. "How old are you, youngling?"

"I'm seventeen," the girl said proudly, throwing out her young breasts as testament to her age. Silk had to cover her mouth to keep from laughing. While Silk had firm, supple breasts, they were still larger than the girl's while not comparatively larger to other women the vampire knew—yet the girl was acting like she was a woman. The girl frowned when she saw Silk's mirth. "I'm almost eighteen," she amended when she saw the vampire trying to hide her laughter.

"Ooh, a big girl," Silk said mockingly, unable to keep out the dig. "And as a big girl, do you love this dog who cowers so proudly behind you?" She pointed to the boy with a long, blood red fingernail.

The girl looked at the boy, who had stopped hiding at the vampire's scathing remarks. She smiled at him, and he smiled at her, though his eyes did not leave Silk's body. "With all my heart," she said with dreamy eyes.

Silk had to choke down the feeling of vomit that rose in her throat—a feeling foreign to her because of her vampiric nature. She shook her head sadly.

"If you're only seventeen—forgive me, almost eighteen—then how the hell do you know what love is? I'm...well, I won't reveal how old I am, but I'm much older than you—and I still don't know what love is. And please don't confuse attention for love—that is a huge mistake most girls make." She pointed to Jeremy again. "Is he the first boy to show any interest in you?"

The girl looked down at her hands. "He's the first boy I've seriously seen," she admitted.

Silk narrowed her red eyes. "And how long have you seen him?"

The girl looked at him. "Three months—but I've known him much longer!" she said defensively.

Silk slapped her forehead and let out an oath. "You're letting this jerk paw at you when you've only know him seriously for three months! My dear, that is beyond stupid!"

The girl's blue eyes narrowed. "But...I know I love him, just as he loves me," she said defiantly, sticking up for their decision. She looked at him and saw that his eyes had moved from Silk's breasts to her long, lean legs and the high-heeled shoes she wore. The girl did want to strangle him.

"No offense against men—the Lords of Darkness know I love them—but they don't know what love is until they're at least twenty five—most of them much later! I'll bet his one goal right now is to get inside your underwear so he doesn't have to beat himself off when he gets home tonight."

"That's not true!" Jeremy objected, speaking for the first time. "She's the only girl for me! I love her!"

Silk sighed. "Try saying that without looking at my crotch," she told him scathingly. "Or without your voice cracking." Silk approached the girl and put her hands on the girl's shoulders. "Look, I gave myself to a jerk that I thought I was in love with—whom I thought loved me in return. He turned me into what I am as thanks for giving him everything that made me who I am."

The girl's voice shook as she asked, "And what are you?"

Silk released the vampire fully, the ethereal glow surround her increasing and setting her hair of end. The girl and her boyfriend screamed and jumped back further from her. He groaned as Silk released the vampiric pheromones that allowed her to hold sway over her prey, and she was pleased to see a wet spot stain the front of his pants. He turned and ran from her in fear and embarrassment.

"Jeremy!" the girl shrieked.

Silk took the girl into her arms and held her close, staring into her pretty blue eyes, putting the girl under the sway of her hypnotic powers. Even though she knew she had no right to do so, Silk cupped the girl's breast and sighed.

"You possess a special gift, young one," Silk told her, the vampire's voice echoing hollowly. "Give it only to he who is most worthy of you, and you will never regret the decision. Now go—I am sure your parents are worried. Forget tonight ever happened." She paused and smiled wickedly. "But remember the feel of my hand—and my hand only—on your breast."

Silk released her, and the girl turned and ran in the same direction as Jeremy. But before she disappeared, she stopped and gave the vampire one last look.

Silk sank against a tombstone and watched them run off, her heart saddened by what she had just given up.

          2

"You know, Silk—if you wanted to scare them, you could have just pulled a sword on them or something."

The vampire turned and hissed, her inner being now fully awake, distorting her beautiful face until she saw the woman standing behind her. Silk stood up quickly and hid her fangs, taking on an air of disdain.

"What are you doing here, Satin?" the vampire asked the chocolate-skinned woman, who slowly approached with the three-quarters moon at her back.

"Looking for you, unfortunately," the black woman with shoulder-length black hair that fell over one eye said. "The Master sent me for you. Come home, Silk—we're all worried about you."

Silk snarled in disgust, her pert nose wrinkling. "Oh, I'm just sure you're worried about me," she spat angrily. The vampire turned away from her and started walking toward the nearby town. "I can see right through you, Satin. You'd like it better if I just stayed away forever—but being a loyal lapdog, you're going to do whatever the Master wishes, even if it just kills you inside!"

Satin chased after her. "I'm loyal to the Master's wishes," the dark-skinned girl said, jumping to catch up to the retreating vampire. "That's something you once were, before you go this spur in your saddle!"

"Ha!" the vampire scoffed, not looking at her. She knew if she looked, she would forget her anger, forget her frustration, and fall deeply in love with this woman again. Satin's skin wasn't just the color of chocolate—it tasted so sweet that nothing could compare to it in Silk's mind. But she knew looking at her would be a mistake and she had to prevent it from happening at all costs.

But by the Lords of Darkness, she did love Satin.

"I've always had this spur in my saddle, Satin—your coming to live with the Master and I just started digging it into my side!"

Satin grabbed Silk's arm and turned the vampire around. Their eyes met, Silk's green and Satin's brown, and Silk wanted to do nothing more than rip Satin's clothes off and take her right there in the cemetery, much like Jeremy wanted to do with the girl. Silk's eyes followed the sharp angles of Satin's face and down her neck to the swell of her breasts—breasts that Silk knew every inch of by memory, from the hard, dark nipples to the weight of the undersides. Silk wanted to suckle her. Silk wanted to fuck her.

Silk wanted to taste her blood again.

But she could not turn her back on what she had accomplished by leaving their Master forever.

Even though the wetness coating her panties spoke volumes otherwise.

Satin clutched at Silk's cool wrist, forgetting how nice her cold body temperature felt compared to her own, heated one. Satin's body ran forever hot due to her other nature, and she longed to feel Silk's cool nakedness again. Satin sighed, knowing it would take a lot of convincing to bring her lover back to the fold.

"We need you, Silk," Satin said, deciding not to pussyfoot around. "The time is approaching. The Master wants you back."

Silk jerked her arm away, unnerved by the feelings that Satin's above-average temperature gave her. She wanted to ravage her right here, right now. Silk wanted to rip her clothes off and bury Satin's face between her legs until she came harder than she had in months. She wanted to bite Satin's neck, feast on her blood....

"Yeah, he wants me back," she said, forcing her thoughts aside before they betrayed her. "Only because I give better head than you! He doesn't need me Satin—he can find someone else! I'm out of that situation forever. I'm never going back to him. You can tell the Master that I hope he goes to hell!"

Satin grabbed Silk's arm again before the vampire could turn around. She held tight to the vampire while in her mind she undressed Silk—played with her hard nipples while her fingers sought the warmth of the vampire's loins. Silk bared her fangs threateningly, but Satin did not release her.

"He needs you, Silk. You were his First, and he cannot replace you!"

Silk jerked her arm away violently. "He can. You can become his First and someone else can become his Third. We're all replaceable Satin—don't you get that?

Satin jerked back like Silk had slapped her. "Is that what all this is about?" the black girl asked. "Do you feel Lace and I have replaced you? We haven't, Silk! The Master loves you just as much as he loves the two of us! We all pleasure him differently, but we are the same in his eyes!"

Silk sighed and turned away. "You just keep telling yourself that, Satin. I won't take it up the ass for him anymore—literally or figuratively. He never bound me to his side, so I was free to go whenever I wished. So, I left."

"The time for the Ride has come!" Satin said in desperation, not wanting her to go, longing for just one more second to view her face, to feel her presence, to enjoy the sight of her. The wind blew Silk's short skirt, which plastered to the vampire's firm behind moving up and down as she walked away. Satin's loins ached with the need to bury her face between Silk's legs again, to make the vampire cum as only Satin could. With each step, Satin knew the chances of Silk returning diminished. She was desperate. "He needs you, Silk! He wants you back!"

I want you back.

"I'm not going back," Silk said over her shoulder, not looking at Satin because she knew she would see the desperation in her dark brown eyes, and she knew her heart would melt and she would run back to her, kiss her, fondle her until she lost all resolve. She had to keep her heart strong if she were to survive as she had for so long. "You can return to your Master and tell him that I never want to hear from him again. I'm living my life now—it may not be a great life, but it's better than being his lackey for eternity. The Wild Hunt is death, Satin—and if you're smart, you'll get away from him, too." She paused and took a deep breath that she did not really need. Then Silk turned and looked at her.

Satin was one of the most glorious women Silk had ever had the pleasure of knowing and making love to. She was slim with heavy breasts and a nice, firm behind that Silk loved to caress and cup. She was tall, her body perfectly proportioned within the corset and leather pants the black woman wore. She saw the pleading in Satin's brown eyes; saw the desire in their depths even at this range. Silk wanted to run to her but knew she could not. Then she found herself saying, "I never really liked you, Satin—the sex was fantastic, but I always despised you outside of the bedroom. However, I'll let you travel with me if you'll just renounce him as I have. Just leave him, and I'll let you be with me again."
