 As the summer breeze blew gently through the window, Lara thought how wonderful this time of year was. Late summer was always best for hunting new men. And tonight would be perfect. She listened to the news and weather report as she dried from her shower and prepared for the evening.

It was hard not to admire how beautiful she was as she stood in front of the mirror. The goddess had blessed her with a body to die, which was good considering her task in life. All those in the sisterhood had been equally blessed.

Five years and she still could not resist reaching up and cupping her breasts causing a tingle that warmed over her entire body and making her pussy light on fire. Lara pinched her nipples before sliding her hands down her smooth stomach to her waiting pussy that would have her fingers sliding in and out of it. The aroma of her sex was intoxicating as it filled the air with her manipulations. It was no wonder that the men could not resist her, when she couldn't resist herself.

She lay down on her bed with her ass pointed toward the window so that the breeze could enhance the experience. It still amazed her to think that women ever got anything done with the shear volume of ecstasy they could give themselves. It was only moments before she went from massaging her vulva to fucking her self with one hand and; pinching, rubbing and tugging on her clit with her other.

Five years ago her neighbors might have been curious about all the noise coming from her window but by now they've grown accustomed to the monthly sounds of sex wafting from her windows. It was her first orgasm of the month and as usual would be the strongest. As she feverishly worked her sex she could feel it building in her tummy. It would only be moments before it exploded throughout her body leaving her writhing in ecstasy driven convulsions and she would blackout for a few moments.

Lara came too still feeling the waves of pleasure warming her body. She dreamily realized that in her excitement she'd forgotten to put down a towel and had a bloody mess all over her sheets. That would take some premium stain lifter to get out. Getting up she quickly removed her sheets and took them to the bathroom to rinse the mess with cold water in hopes it would not ruin them.

Still naked she went to the kitchen to make a bite to eat. She was greeted by the mess that her counterpart had left for her. Every month was the same. She knew one day she would become used to this behavior but it still upset her. Each month when she left, she would leave the house spotless and each time she returned it was a mess. It did appear that shopping had been done this time so she would not have to do that. Maybe there was hope after all.

As the day went on she prepared for her evening out. She set out to put together the slutiest outfit possible to increase her chances. Today was a Thursday which meant that the clubs would not be as full and would, by the law of averages, decrease her chances of finding the kind of man she was seeking. She picked out her pink and black halter dress that covered almost nothing. The back was open to the crack of her ass and the front cut so low there was little holding her breasts in it. The hem of her dress had clips to attach stockings, which was a good thing, without them holding her dress down it would surely ride up over her ass exposing her matching pink thong. She slid the sheer back seamed stockings up her long perfect legs and slipped on her five inch stilettos with pink accents and she was ready except for make up. She was young and beautiful and didn't need makeup but loved the slutty look of smoky eyes and deep red lipstick.

The cab dropped her off outside the club in the middle of a working neighborhood where she was sure to get some attention. The bouncer didn't even ask for ID as her let her in while staring at her breasts and her nipples poking through the thin material.  

She surveyed the patrons as she strutted across the room to the bar. As she presumed it was slim pickings but there were a few candidates. She ordered a "Cosmo" and reached in her tiny clutch for a ten to pay for the drink. It was the only drink she would buy as there would be a never ending stream of free drinks throughout the evening from guys hoping to get lucky. But she was the lucky one, because the man she finally decided to go home with would find out that he would be not so lucky. At least not in the common understanding of the term. Eventually he would see things differently after finding himself the unwitting prey of Lara. Luck, after all was perceptive.

She found an empty bar height table and sat down. It wasn't long before the drinks started showing up she and was asked to dance several times. This was the fun part of her life. All the free drinks she could want, her pick of men and more attention than she could stand all for ten dollars and the hope that one of them could get into her panties. 

There were plenty men in the club but the type she was looking for was special and not too difficult to pick out of the crowd. In fact it was almost like shooting fish in a barrel. It didn't take long to find the guy she wanted. He was sitting in the back corner booth with a pretty but mousy woman trying her best to look like she was enjoying herself. He sat across the table from her with several empty beers in front of him with a smug grin on his face until his eyes found Lara and locked in on her sexy body. She smiled back with a confident wink that silently sealed his fate. She would be going home with him tonight liberating his unsuspecting date from his oppression. Of course she would spend the next couple of hours enjoying the attention of all the men and teasing her prey into a frenzy of desperation to win Lara's attention. 

Lara felt bad for the girl, as she did not know that tonight she would be liberated. All she knew was that her pig of a boyfriend was busy trying to get close to this beautiful stranger and only taking her on the dance floor to have an opportunity to be close her. He even grabbed at her incredible ass a few times not caring if his girlfriend saw it or not. He was trapped by her spell and each whiff of her sent only served to tighten the snare. 

She could feel this girls blood boiling each time her man looked at Lara. It was time to end this poor girls suffering and deliver her from this evil man. As she strolled over to their table, her body screamed out, "I want you to fuck me right now" with each sway of her hips. with each step she could see the anger and pain rise in the woman's eyes and the glee in his. He wasn't much to look at, rather plain actually, but he was definitely the right man tonight. As she approached their table she held out her hand and said "Dance with me." Without hesitation he stood up, her sent was overpowering and intoxicating. 

He gave a cross glance at his girlfriend and curtly said "Don't wait up for me bitch." for which he was rewarded with a quick slap to his face as she got up and stormed out of the club. It didn't even faze him; he was hopelessly trapped under Lara's unique spell.

"Don't worry about her baby, one night with me and you will forget all about her." Lara said in a sultry tone.

"Already have," he said "why don't we skip the dance and get out here for some real fun." 

With a wicked smile on her face she reached for his crotch where she found his cock was already solid as a rock and said "I thought you'd never ask." The thought of his thick cock inside of her only served to make her hornier than she already was. It was only a short cab ride to her house during which the made out exploring each other with their hands and giving the cabby quite a show. She was careful not to let him get too far in the cab as she reveled in bringing the men to the edge and then pushing them away. It was all part of the fun.

Moments after reaching her bedroom he was naked and patting the bed next to himself, "I can't with to get my mouth on that hot pussy of yours baby. You won't want another man after I get finished with you."

She giggled a coy little laugh and said with a sexy grin "Well I don't know about that, but I am sure after tonight you will look at sex a whole lot differently." she turned around and undid her dress sliding it down her long legs as she bent at the waist to be sure he could get full look at round pretty ass and the strip of her thong that barely covered her aching pussy. The material was already soaked with fluid which caused him to coax her more on to the bed.

She said nothing as she began to stroll around the room lighting candles she had placed earlier that afternoon. He must have thought it romantic but she just loved seeing their faces as they discovered how fucking her would change their lives. 

After turning out the lights she strutted over to the bed where her prey was already stroking his cock waiting patiently for her to get there. "let me take care of that for you." she said as she crawled over the end of the bed and between his legs. He laid his head back on the soft pillow and closed his eyes as she lowered her face and engulfed his cock with her red lips. He moaned loudly as she worked up and down his shaft licking the underside and circling the head with her tongue each time she withdrew it from her hot wet mouth. Each time he begged her to let him stick his cock into her hot pussy and fuck her like she's never been fucked before. She would fuck him too, but not yet and not until she was ready.

"Oh m'gawd I'm gonna cum soon..." the prey moaned and she knew he would as his cock began to twitch. She bit down hard on his shaft as she slid down one last time. A move that would not only stop him from cumming in her mouth but would draw blood and set the stage for the trap to snap shut, ensnaring her prey forever.

The pain shot through his body like an orgasm but without the same result. As was his nature he swung at her face as she lifted her head off his penis. He screamed at her as his hand connected with her face in a resounding smack "You fucking cunt, you fucking bit my dick, what the hell is wrong with you?" 

She looked back at him with a wicked look on her face and quickly pinned down his arms. he struggled but couldn't free himself from her grip. She slid up his body dragging her hard nipples across his belly and chest. "Stop struggling, you can't break my grip...not that you really want to anyway." she whispered seductively, "Besides I had to do that. I wanted to make sure you didn't cum yet. I want you to fill my cunt with every once of cum you have."

"What makes you think I still want fuck you after you bit my dick like that you fucking whore!" he said angrily as he struggled against her grip.

She bent down and kissed him on the lips leaving the mingled taste of his blood and precum, "Of course you still want to fuck me. I know your kind, hell I used to be your kind. I can feel your rock hard cock trying to find its way into my dripping wet cunt as we speak and you can't wait till you have buried that thing as far as it can go inside of me. Not because you find me so sexy anymore but because now you are gonna show me who's the boss." she loosened her grip just a little.

In less than a second he sensed that she loosened her grip and bucked himself flipping her off him onto her back and just as quickly landed on top of her. "That's right you little bitch, I am the boss and now I'm gonna fuck you like the little slut you are." he spat out as he licked the blood from his lips. He reached down ripped her thong to the side and positioned his throbbing cock at the entrance to her soaking wet box. The romance was gone, he didn't care that she was on her period, she had bit his dick and now she was gonna pay for it while he abused her pussy with the roughest fuck she had ever gotten, or so he thought. But they were all that way. If only he knew how many times this little scene had been played out in her bed. She laid her head back as he forced his thick cock past the entrance to her pussy and slammed it all the way to the top.

She groaned with the rush of pleasure that shot through her body. "O gawd..." she called out. "that's right; yeah fuck me harder, oh that feels sooooooooooo good." He pounded her pussy relentlessly fueled by his anger and the incredible ecstasy that moved through his body as he slid in and out of her and his blood mixed with hers. He exploded inside of Lara filling her cunt with more cum than he ever thought he could and an orgasm that shattered his mind and stung every part of his body. he collapsed on top of her covered in sweat.

He rolled off her totally spent and bragging about how good he was and what an amazingly hot fuck she was.

"Magical in many ways, wasn't it" she cooed as she recovered from her own massive orgasm. She always loved how the madder she got at the prey, the better the orgasm.

"Yeah, magical," he chuckled. "but it was pretty fucking hot, and wild the way your pussy got hotter and hotter the longer I fucked you. I thought it was going to burn my dick off for a minute there."

"hmmmmph," she chuckled "oh it was magical alright. That burning you felt was our blood mingling and you being infected. You see I am a warewoman and tonight you were my prey."

"Sha...what ever bitch. you're a fucking whack job but you are a hot fuck." getting up to leave.

"Oh leaving already...don't you want to hear the rest of the story of how your life is changed forever?"

Getting dressed he ordered "shut up bitch or I'll smack you again, you freaking weird cunt. I'm outta here you weirdo."

"Don't worry honey, you'll never hit another woman again." And be sure to make note of the address on your way out...you'll want to find your way back here the first time you wake up looking like this." she grinned as she pointed to her body with a swooping hand gesture and slight giggle. He muttered something under his breath as he turned and ran out the door. She laughed and sighed thinking how she would see him or rather her soon enough and drifted off to sleep. As she slept her dreams were filled with memories of her years of abusing women and being changed from that horrible man to live forever as a warewoman as her penance.