 Some time later ... about twenty minutes to be more precise, the buzzer to my unit rang. Ah that must be her. Carefully getting up from the couch so as not to wake Amanda, I answered the intercom and whispered, "Hello? Who is it?"

"It's me, you idiot. Let me in," came the sweet reply.

"Oh yeah," I answered feigning ignorance or perhaps stupidity. I pressed the front door unlock button on the intercom and buzzed her in. Seconds later, a knock came from my front door. After a peek through the peephole to confirm that it was indeed Valerie, I opened the door to let her in.

She stood there in her skin-tight jeans, according to popular fashion, and a pink striped top with a low neckline, her purse dangling on her left. She was just as I remembered from New Year's. Her long straight black hair framed a petite face. A cute nose between large dark almond-shaped eyes. There were hints of Asian descent in her appearance which I myself also had, something we both inherited from our Korean mother. Her stature was small, her body naturally supermodel thin. The top of her head only came up to my chin. This also lent to her having a small chest, which she, nonetheless, did her best to show off with the plunging neckline that exposed the flawless alabaster skin above her breasts. Damn, she was hot.

She stepped through the door and opened her mouth, which I immediately shushed. "She's still asleep," I explained in a whisper, though in truth I think she already woke up.

Giving me a glare, she continued. "I was about to say that it freaking stinks in here."

"Well, I'm pretty sure that I fucked her last night."

"Ew! I did NOT need to know that."

"Wh- I was just ... whatever just take a look at her and see if you can wake her up." This conversation was already starting to make my head hurt. But if everything worked according to plan, I won't have to talk to her much. Instead, I'll just be fucking her brains out.

After another glare from that beautiful face, she stepped around me and headed to the couch and Amanda. In passing, she turned her head and noted the pile of Amanda's clothing and the wet carpet. Carefully avoiding both, she knelt down next to the couch. Of course I followed. It was time to put on the last finishing touches.

Valerie began gently shaking Amanda in an attempt to wake her as I stopped behind her. To cover up the attempt should it not work, I whispered, "Hey, is she alright?" But she didn't have time to respond as I gently brushed the back of her neck with my hand.

Just as I expected, electricity arched through my fingertips, accompanied by numbness, though there was less firework than I had expected. Nonetheless, she collapsed from the shock onto Amanda's sleeping form, half on and half off the couch. She looked as if she was dead and in a hurry I checked her pulse to make sure that she was still alive. At first, I could feel nothing and I panicked, sweat breaking out as I thought I had killed my sister. But moments later, I felt her pulse returning. Weak at first but it grew stronger with every passing second. Satisfied, I stepped back.

With her head turned to the side, I caught a flutter of eyelashes as Valerie woke up.

Putting my hand on her back, no shock this time, I gently shook her, again feigning ignorance. "Hey, Val, are you alright?"

Her voice was weak as she replied. "Huh? Yeah ... I feel ... kinda weird."

"Really?" Time to test it out. "Maybe you've got heatstroke or something."

"Yeah, maybe."

"Here, take off your shirt. That should cool you down a bit." ... and let me see her tits.

"That ... sounds good." It does? Weird. She reacting in a completely different way than Amanda. I think her mind was just making up excuses to justify obeying me. I think. Or maybe I was just over-analyzing it. Either way, she obeyed and pulled the shirt over her head, tossing it aside and exposing her red bra with just a little bit of lace. Just like I thought. Her tits were small. Barely a B cup. But that did nothing to diminish the sexiness of her petite and tight little body. Uh oh, I felt another tent forming in my pants. A slight nudge with a hand in my pocket was all it took to correct the discomfort.

Well, now that I was sure that thing, whatever it was, was working, there was no need for pretenses. "Take off your bra now," I commanded her.

And like an obedient little slave, my sister obeyed, without a verbal justification this time. As she tossed her bra aside, I saw that it was padded. Huh.

And now Valerie, my eighteen year-old sister stood before me, topless, her dark nipples hard and pointed in the cool air of my apartment. After so much wishing and fantasizing, she was finally within my grasp. I could hardly believe my eyes as my every desire was about to be fulfilled, a thought that almost had me jizzing my pants.

A stray thought floated through my head and I couldn't help but wonder if this could be considered rape. Ah well. It wasn't like Amanda and Valerie would ever press charges though. At least I hoped they wouldn't. That thought almost killed my boner. Fortunately, the sight of Val's small perky tits brought it back to attention.

Well, might as well go all the way. "Uh, take off your jeans."

And off came her tight jeans, flying aside to join her shirt and bra on the floor, exposing her matching red panties. Huh. The front of it was actually transparent showing off her thin patch of trimmed pubic hair, with a small scrap of opaque fabric that hid her pussy. I couldn't help but wonder if my little sister was more of a freak than she made herself out to be.

"Val, do you have a boyfriend?" I had to ask.

"No." No hesitation. No pauses. She had to be telling the truth. Well, it wasn't like she could lie to me anyway.

"You ever had sex?"

"No."

"Really?" That surprised me a bit. Eighteen and still a virgin. I really hadn't expected that of someone as desirable as Val. Weird.

She sighed, obviously exasperated though a blush colored her cheeks. "Yes. Really." Hm. Guess whatever that lightning thing was that gave me control of her didn't affect her personality. For which I was grateful. Val was cuter this way. Wait, did this mean that Amanda had always submissive and obedient?

"What about those panties? Who are you wearing those for?"

Wow, she flushed even harder, which I hadn't thought possible. " ... I like wearing sexy clothing. You got a problem with that?"

"No, no." Really, I could only appreciate her desire to be attractive. But as nice as those panties were, they were still in the way. "Well, whatever. Take 'em off."

And off they went, joining the rest of the clothing. I stared, transfixed on Val's pussy. It was perfect. A small strip of pubic hair guided my gaze to the valley between her legs, to a unadorned slit, devoid of any sign of her labia. Flawless and delectable. I had waited so long and now here she was, completely naked in front of me. I couldn't help myself. I stepped forward and wrapped my arms around her, pressing her naked body against me, my rock-hard erection sandwiched between us. I bent my head down and kissed her. It was tentative at first, but when she moaned softly beneath me, I pressed forward. My tongue explored the inside of her mouth until I could no longer hold my breath and finally pulled back. Her face was flushed, her eyes closed and mouth still slightly open as if expecting another kiss. And I obliged.

As again I explored my sister's sweet lips, I ran my fingers down the side of her body, feeling her smooth flawless skin shivering in anticipation. I carefully approached her pussy while I reveled in the heat of her body. When I finally touched her clit, she let out a gasp of pleasure. Val's pussy was practically dripping, my hand already covered in her juices.

I slowly pushed inside her, feeling the smooth velvet walls pulse around my fingers. It was amazingly tight. I began moving, in and out, in and out, increasing the speed of my hand until Val was having trouble standing. Holding her up in my arms and against my body, I continued moving my hand while she gasped with each thrust. Finally, she came, the orgasm racking her body with shivers and shakes.

Half a minute later, Val finally settled down. Her small body rested against mine, the fluids of her pussy running down both our legs and soaking my pants.

Goddammit, I was so horny. My cock was begging for relief and I couldn't ignore it anymore.

I bent my little sister over the coffee table and pulled down my pants, exposing my erection to the cool air. Val's ass sticking upwards at me was an irresistible sight and I rubbed the tip of my cock against her pussy, wetting it with the juices of her arousal. It was an amazing sensation. Her slippery folds just barely kissing me.

Then I stopped.

I was ready to plunge my dick in my little sister's tight virgin cunt when a thought occurred to me. She was a virgin. Does that mean she wasn't on birth control? I had to be sure so that I didn't accidentally get my sister pregnant and beget some sort of monster.

"Hey, Val. You on birth control?"

Her mind muddled, it took a second for her to respond. "Mmmh ... huh? No I'm not."

Shit. And here I was ready to fuck her and not a condom in sight.

It took a supreme amount of determination on my part to pull back my dick from the the verge of penetration. Well, at least I can still get oral.

I sighed as I sat down on the couch after gently pushing away Amanda's legs. "Val, get over here on your knees."

She turned around and obeyed. Her heart-shaped face was now strategically placed near my crotch.

"Now suck on my dick." Huh. Saying this out loud as a command rather than an insult almost felt weird. Nonetheless, Val obeyed and took my hard cock between her soft cherry lips and into her mouth. I leaned back on the couch, reveling in the sensation of my dick wrapped in slippery warmth.

She flicked the head and I nearly came. I was so close to the precipice that it was almost painful. But she had stopped moving. Damn. Since I was too preoccupied to give further instructions, I opted to simply show her what I wanted. With my free hand, I reached behind her head and gripped her hair. A muffled moan of protested issued from Val's lips but I ignored it.

A tug pulled her face away from my crotch until my dick was almost out of her mouth. Then I pushed down hard and fast, pressing her face forward until her forehead pressed against my stomach and my dick was entrenched firmly in the back of her throat. It was an even more amazing sensation. The pulsing of my sister's tight throat as she began to choke on my cock was heaven. And with a rush, I tilted my head back, eyes closing and came, shooting my cum down her esophagus.

I leaned back, bathing in the relaxation of post-orgasmic bliss while Val's throat continued to pulse against my slowly diminishing erection. After what seemed like ages, I finally gathered enough strength to sit up, raising my head. And what I saw was surprising.

My little sister's face was still pressed against my crotch, her nose in my pubes, her face a little blue from my cock and cum in her throat, and down her cheeks glistened twin trails of tears.

She was crying.

I had made her cry. Then something unexpected happened. A sensation I never thought I would feel. A twinge in my chest at the thought of my sister crying because of me. My little sister that had always been dismissive of me each time we had gathered. My little sister that had always seemed so strong, so unflappable, so certain of herself. And now she was crying, naked, my hand pressing her face against my crotch, my dick and seed down her throat.

That sight brought out a sadistic side of me that I never knew existed and my boner came raging back.

Val's throat clenched and a momentary strangled gasp issued from her lips while her eyes bulged as she again stared up at me, tears welling.

I couldn't stop myself. I needed to cum. So I gripped her hair once again and pulled her head away from me only to slam her face back into my pubes again and again, each time a small gasp issuing from her lips. And again I came, shooting my seed down her throat.

There. I was spent, done, satisfied.

Once again, leaning back into the couch, I pulled Val's hair one last time, extricating my dick from between her lips and loosened my grip.

Freed from my fingers, she nearly collapsed. Holding herself up with her hands, she coughed, retched, hacking again and again, until a foul-smelling mixture of my cum and her spit and stomach acid poured from her lips and gathered into a thick puddle on the carpet.

Shit. My carpet was ruined. Well, it was pretty much already ruined from this morning when I was fucking Amanda but that was only her cunt juices, nothing too hard to clean. But this, this would destroy my carpet.

I was a bit a bit peeved with Val. I wanted to punish her and an idea popped into my head.

"Val, drink it." She turned her head to look at me with her tear stained cheeks, her messed up hair, and just a little of that foul mixture dribbling from her mouth. Her confusion was evident. "Drink that puddle you made on the floor like the bitch you are." I couldn't believe what came out of my mouth. I was never this sadistic. I had always been slow to anger and rarely insulted anyone, but something about seeing my little sister, naked and messed up just made me want to torture her. And I couldn't resist it. "Do it, you bitch."

She had no choice. She had to obey. I leaned forward, eagerly watching her debasement, my cock hard again.

Her face approached the foul puddle slowly and reluctantly, until she was just a mere inch away. And she stuck out her tongue and lapped at it ever so slowly. Too slowly.

"No. I want you to suck it up like you're drinking ambrosia." I felt like a god and it was amazing.

She did as I said and pressed her lips against that disgusting mixture and sucked it up into her mouth until the carpet was again relatively clean ... or as clean as possible without an industrial cleaner. Val turned to face me, her cheeks bulging, her eyes pleading.

Of course I showed no mercy. "Swallow it all."

And with tears streaming down her porcelain cheeks, she again obeyed, taking that crap down her throat. It was a pitiful sight. My once proud little sister debased and humiliated. I thought ... Yes. I felt a bit bad now. And my erection diminished. I've had enough.

I sighed. "Okay that's enough. Take your clothes to the bathroom. Fix yourself up and get dressed."

Once Val was out of my sight. I turned to Amanda and was a little shocked to see her awake, though her eyes were closed, her nakedness uncovered, her back arched, one hand on her breast and the other between her legs, moaning with lust.

Again I sighed. I really wasn't in the mood for this, though my dick was ever vigilant. Of course I ignored it. "Amanda. Stop that."

Her hands stopped and she opened her eyes and look at me. "Huh? Oh, yes, Master. Sorry about that. I just got so hot watching her go down on you like that. I couldn't help myself."

Huh, she was more perverted than I thought. Well, I'll keep that in mind for later. "Whatever. Just get dressed and go in there and help Val clean up."

"Right, okay. As you say." And she got up gathered her clothing and headed to the bathroom.

I looked around at the mess that we had made. There was bodily fluids pooling on the carpet, wet spots on the couch and the smell of sex permeated the air. Shit. I was going to have to shell out quite a bit for the cleaning. I sighed ... harder this time and sat back on the couch, still naked, avoiding the wet spots, turned on the TV and turned off my brain.

About half an hour, Val and Amanda came out of the bathroom looking much more presentable and with ... possibly shame written across their faces. Well, their opinions didn't really matter anyway. "Amanda take Val out and get some birth control pills or something."

"Yes, Master. Come on Valerie, I'll take you to that clinic that I use."

My sister said nothing, instead briefly glaring at me as they walked past and out the door. Whatever. She's in my power now and she can glare as much as she wants, she still has to do what I tell her to do.

As I sat there, trying to watch TV, not knowing how long the girls were going to take, the state of my apartment was starting to bug me. It was like an elephant in the room. As much as I wanted to ignore it, I knew that cleaning up now would be much easier than doing it later when all that shit has had time to soak into the carpet and dry. Eventually, it would turn into a layer of white crust that crunched each time I stepped on it.

Oh God.

That thought did it. I got up and pulled out all the detergents and cleaners I could find underneath the sink and began spraying and scrubbing.