 Joe stepped through the door of Sean's apartment in his forty thousand dollar designer suit, fashionably late, as always. He walked through the grand living room and found his friend precisely where he expected him to be; monkeying around with that huge contraption he'd built in the apartment's second bedroom. Contraption was an adequate description as it was more than just a powerful computer. Sean was lying down on the floor, his head inside the legspace of the desk that had become part of the massive machine's structure. He was balancing a laptop on his belly and had a digital multimeter resting beside him. Both devices were attached to the large machine by multiple wires.

"Any luck?" Joe asked, in a caring tone. Sean huffed in frustration.

"I... I found an anomaly in the memory bus feeds. It has structure, like a subroutine... I don't know where it came from... It shouldn't be there," Sean answered. Joe nodded solemnly, remaining polite despite his disdain for technical babble, even if he understood it, which in this case he did not.

"Jeez, Sean, you're not even dressed!" Joe sighed.

"What?" Sean asked in a slightly offended tone. He ran his eye briefly over his track pants and rumpled t-shirt sporting a clever joke about binary math on the front, before turning his attention back to the line of circuit boards he was examining.  

"We're going to check out Trovila? That new exclusive bar?" Joe reminded his absent-minded friend. "There's no way in hell they're gonna let you in like that! Where's that new suit we got you last month?"

"That was tonight?" Sean inquired in a disbelieving tone.

"Yes, Sean," Joe replied.

"I thought we were going Friday?" Sean argued.

"It IS Friday," Joe responded with a chuckle, as Sean crossed the boundary between frustrating and absurd. "Come on, get dressed, man, Constance is waiting down in the car..."

"Y'know, I wrote a new program to do a diagnostic on the motive processors this afternoon. I was kind of hoping to run through it tonight, so why don't you guys just go ahead without me?" Sean asked, sheepishly admitting he'd forgotten all about his promise to his old friend.

"No way in hell are you backing out of this, man," Joe asserted without missing a beat. "You swore you were coming out with us tonight. Besides, you've been working on that thing..."

"Her name is Casey," Sean insisted, defensively.

"Fine," Joe acknowledged indignantly. "You've been working on Casey non-stop for four days! Face it, man, you need a break! Maybe a little recreation will clear your head, or something," he offered, trying to sound wise. "Come on, get dressed and we'll hit the town," Joe walked over to Sean, physically lifted the laptop off of his belly and offered him a hand up. He knew that a pro-active approach was the only way he would actually get Sean to abandon his work for a few hours. Sean eyed Joe's hand sceptically for a second, before taking it with a conceding sigh. After Joe helped him up, Sean turned towards the large, humming machine.

"Me and Joe are going out for a few hours, Cas... oh," he said by force of habit, before remembering that the large machine had mysteriously become dormant four days ago. Joe put his arm comfortingly around his friend's shoulder as he escorted him off to his bedroom to change for their night out.

 --------------------------------------------------------