 Chapter 1

This was a normal day for me. I had just finished my shift at the local Blockbuster. It was close by my apartment so there was no need for me to take my car. I had walked there and now I'm walking back. The work wasn't tiring, so a little walk didn't hurt.

The sun had already set since it was well past eight, casting the world around me into darkness. A few streetlights here and there illuminated the streets but they were hardly enough to lift the gloom. As I walked on the sidewalks, a few cars sped past me every once in a while their headlights flashing.

It wasn't exactly cold outside but it wasn't warm either. So all I had on was a small jacket to guard against the wind. Just the kind of weather to be expected from a Michigan April. A normal day in all respects.

Until the streetlights started flashing. Was a power outage coming? I thought to myself. If the lights went out, I'd be left completely in the dark. No lights at all with which to guide my path. The cloudy skies blocked out hopes for moonlight. I was worried. Not for my life since the city I lived in barely had any crime, but rather that I would become lost or trip and hurt myself.

But the lights didn't go out. All they did was pulse at steady beat. Like a massive electrical heartbeat. Strange. Soon though it stopped and the streetlights returned to normal. Nothing to worry about. And just like that it was out of my mind. I was almost home. Just one more block until food. Just one more street crossing until my hunger was satiated. The thoughts of a warm TV dinner occupying my mind, I set out to cross the street.

The roar of a car sounded to my left. I turned my head to look and saw headlights rushing towards me. FUCK! Time slowed. A thump and I was airborne. I must've been hit. There was no pain. Only a sense of vertigo as I flew through the air. The sound of wind in my ears accompanied by the distant screech of a car braking hard.

There were no thoughts in my mind, only mild regret that I didn't really do anything with my life and already it was over. I had graduated from college but getting into post-grad was much more difficult than I had anticipated. I was rejected again and again. Now I was just doing minimum wage work to pay for my living expenses until I could figure out what to do with my life. I couldn't decide ... and now there was no need to. It was almost a relief. No more worries, no more stresses, no more disappointments. It was the end. And my slate was being wiped clean. But fuck, was it going to hurt!

Too quickly, I was falling. The concrete filled my vision and rushed up to meet me. Another thump and I was back on the ground. Still no pain. Maybe it wouldn't hurt that much. Truly a godsend.

As I lay there on the ground, my vision blurring and my senses dulling, footsteps sounded in the distance. Even though I could barely see, I still noticed the feet coming at me from the car. They wore heels. Great. I was killed by a woman driver. I never believed those kinds of statistics ... until now. Well, no matter. It was getting darker. Everything was fading. Was there an afterlife? A final thought and nothing else ...

... Suddenly, a blinding light filled my vision. Oh cool, there really is a heaven. An unbearable pain followed. SHIT! I didn't know heaven hurt this much. Then I heard bones snapping accompanied by even more pain. Then a gentle shaking and someone yelling at me.

"Oh God, oh God, oh God. Please wake up! You can't be dead!" Who the hell was screaming at me? It sounded like a woman. Maybe an angel came to pick me up. But wait ... an angel wouldn't be saying things like that.

I realized that I could move again. So I opened my eyes and my vision slowly returned. It was a woman crouching over me. Not an angel though. Still she was an attractive brunette, bordering almost on supermodel looks, at least from what I could tell in the headlights of her car. Large brown almond-shaped eyes set in a heart-shaped face and slightly pouty lips. Her short hair was straight, flowing downwards and straight into my eyes. Ouch.

"Ah what the hell!" I shouted. I sat up in a rush ... and almost smashed my forehead into her face. Fortunately, she was fast enough to avoid injury.

She recoiled in shock. "OH MY GOD! You're alive! Oh thank God. I'm not going to go to jail." So that's what she was worried about. Understandable, I suppose.

"Dammit! You fucking hit me with your car!" Oh yeah, I was angry alright.

"Sorry, but you walked into the middle of the street. And I had a green light. I guess I just didn't see you," she responded. I looked up as she was dusting herself off and noticed that her eyes shone wet with unshed tears. That took the heat from my fire. I could just imagine the fear and stress going through her mind. Dammit. I knew it was unintentional and well, I guess I wasn't paying attention so it was kind of my fault. "Are you hurt? I mean, you flew really far," she continued as she reached out to lend me a hand.

"Huh ... uhhh ..." I paused a second to look over myself. "Apparently not. Weird." That really was weird. I remembered the intense pain I had felt and the sounds of my bones snapping. But to find myself free of even scrapes and cuts much less broken bones was almost a shock. Perhaps I was just really lucky.

I reached out for her hand to pull myself off the ground. I gripped her hand and an intense shock ran through my arm. My hand convulsed and I fell back onto the concrete. "What the ...?" I exclaimed. But before I could finish, the woman collapsed on top of me. Oh shit, what the fuck just happened?

I turned her over and for the first time was able to get a good look at the woman that had almost killed me. She looked like Sleeping Beauty with her eyes closed, her skin pale in the dim light. She was thin, physically fit but not skinny. She might've been a cheerleader. Her attire was fairly average. Tight jeans with heeled boots, a small red coat barely reaching her waist and zipped tight in this cold weather. But this was no time to admire how pretty she was.

Touching my fingers to her neck, I checked her pulse. It was there. It was weak but it was there. So at the very least she's still alive.

I looked at my own hands. What the fuck had happened? All I did was grip her hand, and she collapsed. There was that strange shock that I felt but what could it have been an indication of? Unless I accidentally electrocuted her ... yeah right.

She had collapsed on top of me. The sensation of her warm body was making me hard. It's been a while since my last girlfriend and I broke up. And all I've had to satisfy my libido was porn ... a lot of porn. Now though, I had this attractive chick in my arms, unconscious she might be. I could just imagine myself stripping her naked. Her soft body pressed against me. Slick with sweat. Burning with lust. Her perky tits soft and malleable in my hands. Me sucking on her hard nipples and fucking the shit out of her. Unfortunately, if I did that while she was unconscious ... I think that would be rape. Dammit, this kind of sucks. My dick was straining hard against the insides of pants. It was very uncomfortable.

She moaned. Her eyelids fluttered as she regained consciousness. "Hey, are you alright?" I asked.

It was a few seconds before she could respond. "Huh? Yeah ... I guess ... uhhh ... what's going on?" So she was just as confused as I was. No surprise there.

"You collapsed on top of me," I replied while we got off the ground. I discreetly adjusted my groin to hide the tent. Think unsexy thoughts. Think unsexy thoughts. Think unsexy thoughts. I think it was working. "Are you feeling okay?" It was my turn to worry about her.

"Y- yeah. I- I think so." So she had said but she was swaying on her feet. I rushed over to help steady her. After all, I wouldn't want her to fall and mess up that pretty face of hers.

"Here let me take your car." Supporting her, we headed to her vehicle, which looked to be a Hummer H2. Damn. It didn't even look like I had made a dent in that monstrosity. "So what's your name?"

"Huh? My name? Ah ..." She paused and clutched her head.

"You sure you're okay?" Had she suffered a head injury from that shock? I hadn't even had a scratch on me. Was she trying to fake an injury to garner sympathy? ... Oh what a bitch.

"Ugh ... yeah. My name is ... ah ... Amanda Numen." She had hesitated.

This definitely seemed to be some sort of head injury. Better make sure. "Is something the matter?"

"No ... it's just ... that ..." she stuttered, still hesitating. This is really starting to get serious.

"What?"

"I- I didn't want ... to tell you ... my name." Huh? Did I hear that right? If she didn't want to tell me her name, she sure as hell didn't have to. I didn't force her or anything. And now that she has, why was she telling me this? Something strange was going on. If it wasn't a head injury, what else could it be?

"Er ... o-kay ... so ... why did you then?"

"I felt ... that ... I ... had to," she replied with her hands still clutching her head. What? None of this made any sense. What the fuck was going on?

"You had to? You know, I'm not forcing you right?"

"Yes, I know. I just feel that ... I have to ... obey you." Her voice was becoming more steady. As if something was being resolved inside of her mind and she had come to a decision.

"Huh? R- Really? You have to obey me?" I think I was bugging out. This can't be happening, can it? This hot chick saying that she has to obey me? I've got to be dreaming.

"Yes. I do. I must. Please. Tell me your name so that I know how to address you."

Yes, that's it. It's a dream. I must've smashed my head hard against the pavement and now I was hallucinating. That would definitely explain this chick's weird as hell behavior. Well, I might as well go along with it.

Hmmm ... Ah, I know. "You can call me Master." Heh, I can't believe I'm doing this. Even if it was a dream, this was just too awesome. Like some sort of ultra-realistic coma fantasy.

"Yes, Master." Oh shit man. She did it. She really called me Master. This was making me hard again. My dick strained against my pants. Well, it's just a dream. Why not go even farther?

"I need you to do something."

"Yes, Master?"

"Take off your pants and show me your pussy." If this wasn't a dream. I'd be arrested for sexual harassment.

"As ... you command Master." She hesitated. Her face was flushed. A break in her obedient attitude. But nonetheless, she obeyed and began to unbuckle the sequined belt that hung low on her hips. I could not believe this was happening. Adrenaline rushed through my body. My heart pounding within my chest. My dick straining so much that it was painful.

Within seconds, Amanda had wiggled her skin-tight jeans to her knees. She had on plain white panties. Too bad they weren't thongs. Huh? Why wasn't she wearing thongs? This was my dream right? But I had no time to think further. With one swift movement, her panties joined her jeans. Her hands returned to her side and she waited shivering in the cold spring night.

She was completely smooth down there. Not a shadow of a hair to be seen. Or as much as can be seen in the headlights of her Hummer. Cleaving her mound in two was her slit, flawless with not a hint of her labia showing. Her clit peaked out from between her lips, shining pink in the light. It was perfect. With her pussy in my sights, my dick hardened even more. I wanted to throw her to the ground and have my way with her right then and there. But something was strange. She was shivering. Oh right. We were in the middle of the street. If this was a dream, it was a really detailed dream.

I couldn't restrain myself any longer. I had to touch her pussy. So I reached my hand towards her groin. "What are you doing?" she asked. I froze. Was this charade over? Was she finally coming to her senses? Was this dream coming to an end?

"I'm going to touch you. Don't move," I commanded.

"Yes, Master," she replied. So she was still obedient even as I moved to assault her.

I tentatively cupped my hand around her mound. She shivered in response. I felt her heat burning. Her pussy soft and yielding as I squeezed. I stuck two fingers inside her, feeling her warmth. It was difficult. She wasn't wet so there was no lubrication. My fingers scraped against the insides of her vagina. And she moaned ... whether in pleasure or pain I had no idea.

Then suddenly, something crossed my mind. This felt all too real. Was it possible that this wasn't a dream or some concussion induced coma? The thought shocked me so much that I quickly withdrew my hand. There was only one way to find out.

"Amanda, slap me."

"What?" She was confused. Understandable I suppose.

"Just slap me as hard as you can." If this was dream, it wouldn't hurt.

"Uh ... o-kay, as you wish, Master." Her hand came up and she swung.

Pain exploded in my cheek and my head flew to the side, ringing from the force of the slap. My vision dimmed and stars danced around me. FUCKING SHIT! THAT HURT LIKE HELL! ... oooh crap. I was shocked, frozen, unable to move from the realization of my fears more than the pain.

"Master! Are you okay? I didn't hit you too hard did I?" Was she concerned for me? It sounded like her reaction when she first came to check on me after I was hit by her car. But more importantly ...

... This wasn't a fucking dream. Holy shit. I was a deer caught in the headlights. My body was frozen but my mind spun trying to figure out what the hell was happening. The only explanation I had was that shock when I first touched her. She had collapsed immediately and when she awoke, she became my obedient slave. At that realization, my mind blanked.

Then a host of questions popped up. Was this a one time thing? How long did it last? Would it work on anyone else? Did it have any side effects? Did it work only when I touched someone with my hands? Does this mean I can't touch anyone with my hands without it doing that? Of course I had none of the answers. But I would do my best to figure them out. Though I had to take care of something first.

Amanda was still standing there with me in the middle of the street with her pants down. Apparently, my order for her to pull down her pants was still in effect. "Amanda, pull up your pants."

She looked down in shock, gasped and pulled up her pants, rebuckling her belt. "Oh God! That's embarrassing." Well, it seemed that she wasn't a mindless slave at least. A bit of her personality was still there though I wasn't sure if that really was her personality. Now that everything was back to looking normal, I wasn't quite sure what to do. I'll have to sleep on it.

I searched in my pocket looking for my cell, hoping that it survived that crash like I had. I pulled it out and lucky me. It seemed to be fine. "Amanda, take my cell and put in your phone number."

"Alright, Master." She took my cell and a minute later returned it. "All done."

A question surfaced in my mind. "How old are you?" I asked.

"I'm twenty." Huh, a few years younger than me. Excellent.

"Okay. So Amanda, go wherever it was you were headed before you hit me and continue as if this never happened. Tell no one of what occurred here. Keep your cell on you at all times and wait for my call. I'll have more things for you to do then. Okay? You got that?"

"As you wish Master. Anything else?"

"Nope, that's it. Go."

"'Kay, bye," she cheerfully replied and turned around going for her Hummer. I stepped off the street, the sound of her car dwindled as she left. I headed back to my apartment with my head spinning with the possibilities of what I could do with Amanda.