 The next morning I woke up with a slight headache. Did last night really happen? I wondered. Was everything that occurred last night a simple dream? It couldn't have been real right? After washing up, I checked my cell. And there it was, the phone number for Amanda Numen. So it wasn't a dream after all. I felt like I had to confirm it. I had to call her to make sure.

I dialed her number and the cell began to ring. On the third ring, she picked up. "Hello, who is this?" she answered. She sounded groggy and tired as if she was still asleep and the call had woken her up.

"Hi. It's me." I didn't give her my name last night and I wasn't about to now. If what happened last night really did happen, she should be able to recognize my voice. And if it didn't really happen, then she wouldn't be able identify me to anyone.

"Oh hi Master. What's up?" There it was. She replied exactly as I had hoped she would. "Do you have something for me to do?" She sounded eager to please me. Excellent.

"Are you alone right now?

"Yup. I got a single room in my dorm so it's just me." So she was in college and living in a dorm, which meant that she wasn't with her family. That would make things much easier.

"Good good ... Tell me, do you have any plans for today?"

"Well ... it's a Saturday so I was planning on going shopping and barhopping with my friends in the evening but that's it."

"Huh, alright. Come to the intersection where you hit me last night in half an hour, alone. I'll meet you there."

"Yes, Master," she answered and I hung up.

Oh I couldn't wait. There were so many things I wanted to try out on her. Most of which were perverted in nature and things I had wanted to try with my previous girlfriends but they never consented. Now that I thought about it, that might've been one of the reason we had always broken up. Well, no matter. I had Amanda to try out these on now. I cackled to myself in glee. It was a good thing I was off from work today.

My next step was to test out this shock-thing or whatever it was on someone else. Someone close to me. Someone that I was intimately familiar with so that I could make sure no one noticed anything was strange. The fact that my first subject was Amanda, a complete stranger, meant that I had to be careful how I used her and her time. So I needed another subject that I was more familiar with.

Living nearby was my little sister. She had just turned eighteen over Thanksgiving break and was now a freshman attending college, perhaps the same one as Amanda. She was born when I first began elementary school. And shortly after, about two or three years later, our parents divorced and she left our household with my mother while I stayed with my father. Ever since then, we've been estranged, rarely seeing each other except during Christmas and New Years. As year after year passed, she grew more and more beautiful every time I saw her. The last time, she had grown into a young woman, petite, almost a head shorter than me, with a small chest. But her face was adorably cute, large eyes, small nub of a nose, and soft lips. All in all, she was what I had always wanted in a girlfriend. And indeed all the ones that I've had were in some ways quite similar to her.

What I was planning on doing to her, I knew it was wrong. She was my little sister after all, but I couldn't help myself.

If this thing worked like it did on Amanda, I was going to be very happy. The thought of my litte sister obeying my every whim, her soft lips wrapped around my cock and swallowing every drop as I cummed in her mouth. Holy crap. My dick was starting to hurt. I've got to stop having these daydreams.

Time to put my plan into action. But the question was how would I get my sister to come over to my apartment. The last time I had seen her was at the family gathering during Christmas so it's been over four months now since I had last spoken to her. Like I said, we weren't close so there had been no reason to maintain in contact. Now I had to figure out a reason to have her come over. Perhaps, I could use Amanda in some way to lure her here. Ah I know. First I'll have to get Amanda to my apartment and then I'll call my sister over.

I put on a jacket, got my cellphone, keys, and wallet and set out. The idea was to get there ahead of Amanda and hide to ensure that she didn't bring anyone else with her. I wasn't quite sure what I'd do if she did bring someone along but I figured I'll get to that when it happens.

I arrived at the intersection within minutes of leaving my apartment since it was only a block away. There was no place to effectively hide myself from oncoming traffic so I had to make do with the doorway of another apartment building. Hiding in the shadow, like a creepy stalker, I noted to myself, I waited for Amanda's Hummer to show up. Minutes pass and I continued waiting checking the time on my cell every once in a while. Eventually, after about twenty minutes, the distinctive yellow Hummer finally showed up. Right on time.

Before running up to greet her, I looked to make sure that she was indeed alone and that she wasn't being followed. Assured of the situation, I extracted myself from the doorway and headed to her Hummer parked on the side of the street.

Upon seeing me approach, Amanda rolled down the window waved to me. "Hey Master, how's it going?" she cheerily yelled out to me. I grimaced in response and rushed to her side.

"Dammit, Amanda. Don't do that. From now on, when there's other people around, don't ever call me Master in front of them. In fact, don't ever mention me to anyone that you know. If anyone asks about me, tell them ... uhhhh ..." Crap, I hadn't thought that far yet. "Just tell them I'm in one of your classes and we're doing a study session or something."

"O-kay, but what do I call you in front of other people if I can't call you Master?" Dammit, that's a good question. I still didn't know if I trusted the situation enough to give her my real name, but maybe just a first name wouldn't hurt.

"Fine, you can call me John when there's other people around but stick to Master when we're alone, okay?"

"Sure thing."

"Anyways, open the door so I can get in." The doors to the Hummer unlocked and I pulled myself in, literally since the car was over a foot off the ground. The inside of the massive SUV was spacious, trimmed with leather, and very comfortable. As was expected from such a costly vehicle. It made me aware of the enormous difference in our financial situations ... not to mention just how easy it was to follow a yellow Hummer. Well, there was nothing to be done about that. I could always take my old Honda Civic but its patchwork paint job made it just as easy to track. "Alright, turn left into the apartment complex over there and park."

She obeyed and we pulled up next to my apartment. "Follow me inside and then we'll get started."

Once we were seated comfortably in my second-hand sofa, I turned on the TV just for some background noise. "Alright then, first take off all of your clothes," I commanded. I was horny as hell and having a naked chick around to look at and grope was too tempting.

"All of them, Master? Even my underwear?" she asked with her face flushing.

She was hesitating as if hoping that I didn't ask her to remove her underwear. Was my control of her slipping or was this just another sign that her core personality was still there? I hoped that it was the latter since I'd hate to lose such a prime piece of ass as Amanda and more importantly I'd hate for her to tell anyone else of what I had done to her. I shuddered at the thought of the consequences if someone found out about all this.

I schooled myself to stillness hoping that she didn't notice ... which wouldn't make a lick of difference even if she did, and responded. "Yes, Amanda. Everything. I want you completely naked."

"As you wish, Master," she replied, her face still flushed and began to strip off her light red jacket. Apparently she still obeyed despite her unwillingness.

"Wait, do it slowly and dance while you do it. I want to enjoy it."

"Uhhh ... okay though I've never actually done this before."

"Really? Never?"

"Nope."

"Huh, just do it like you would do it for your boyfriend."

"If you say so Master." She obliged and began dancing while stripping off her clothing. After the jacket, came the t-shirt underneath exposing her red lace bra. She spun it over her head while her body shook and her hips gyrated, her short hair flowing around her. I could only stare, hardly believing my eyes that such a beautiful girl was here, stripping and dancing just for me ... and for free. My previous girlfriends never did this for me, I ruefully recalled.

Pausing for a second, Amanda unbuckled her sequined belt and pushed down her jeans and removed them. Underneath she wore a matching red lace thong. As she turned, dancing once again to sound of the TV, her body flushed red as her ass cheeks were exposed to the cool apartment air. They were round and smooth, jiggling slightly with her every move. With her back to me, she opened the clasp to her bra and removed them, coyly hiding her tits. She tossed them to the ground and turned around with her arms across her chest, building suspense. With a flare, she moved her arms exposing her breasts.

They were as beautiful as I thought they would be. At least D-cups, they were round and perky even without the bra to give them support. Her nipples were a deliciously light shade of pink, hard now in the cool air. And with her every movement, her tits shook, entrancing me as a lava lamp. I stared, my pulse racing, knowing that a tent was forming in my pants but doing nothing to hide it. I was simply too engrossed in those amazing mammaries, so much so that I almost sighed with disappointment as she bent over to remove her thong. Then she straightened, one hand holding red lace and the other covering her crotch. She dropped her thong first and then dropped her hand. Now she was fully naked, her tits and pussy filling my eyes.

It was over and Amanda had finally stopped dancing. She simply stood there, panting and flushed from the exertion and the embarrassment, waiting for my next command. Yeah, just like she had said, that wasn't good at all. In fact, her dancing was fucking horrible. It'd almost killed my boner. But the sight before me resuscitated it. I was just content to sit there, my eyes flowing over full tits, smooth stomach, thin waist, round hips, and clean-shaven pussy. But I could see that she was cold from the goosebumps that pebbled her skin.

"Come over here and sit down," I said as I patted at the space next to me. She gingerly walked over, still panting, and plopped down on the couch. "That was pretty good. Are you sure you've never done this before?" It wasn't but I was trying to be nice to make her feel better. I had no idea why I was doing that since I really doubt that it'd affect her opinion me.

She flushed even more at the compliment and turned her eyes downward, briefly glancing at the tent in my pants. "No, never." My own eyes drifted lower and lower settling on her hard nipples. I wanted to touch them, to massage them, and suck on them. Time to make a move. Not like she could refuse anyway. A fleeting thought popped up. Would this be considered rape? Ah, well.

I stretched my arm around her shoulder, pulling her naked body close to me and pressing her against me. She almost tried to shy away but relented. It seemed as if I would share my warmth with her since I, at least, was still dressed. But my motivations were more sinister than that.

With my arm around her shoulder, I reached down and placed my hand upon her breast and she shivered in reaction to my cold hands. I lightly squeezed, feeling the warmth of her tit in my palm, malleable and soft. Well, it was time to get down to business, so to speak. "So I got a few questions to ask you, Amanda. I want you to answer truthfully," I began.

"Of course, Master." There was no question that she wouldn't.

"First, you have any STDs?"

"Uh, not that I know of."

"Okay good. Are you a virgin?"

"Nope." She flushed a little at that though it was hard to tell.

"How many guys have you had sex with then?" I was going down a list in my head that I had prepared last night.

"Let's see ... only with the four boyfriends."

"Huh, you have a boyfriend now?"

"No, I broke up with my last one about two months ago. He was being an ass and I just couldn't take it anymore. Which was too bad since he was pretty cute." Well, that was more information than I needed. It almost felt as if she was starting to treat me more and more as a friend instead of someone to be obeyed. I had no idea why this was happening but it was something to be filed away for later.

"You on birth control?" This was an important piece of information.

"Yes."

"Good. Well, I guess that's pretty much everything." Time to do some stress relief. I removed my hand from her breast and extricated myself from the couch. "Alrighty, lie down on the couch." I wasn't exactly sure how to go about fucking a girl that obeyed me like this but I figured this was good way to start.

She obeyed and laid herself upon the couch with her head on the armrest. Her eyes looked at me when I started.

My hands moved to her tits, massaging and molding her soft flesh with my fingers while I bent down to suck on her left nipple then her right one. With every squeeze of my hands and lick of my tongue, a moan of pleasure emanated from Amanda's lips. But her hands remained at her side. After a few minutes of kneading the soft flesh and sucking on her hardened nipples, I worked my way down her down her body, leaving a trail of glistening saliva over her toned stomach. Soon I arrived at her smooth mound.

My fingers dived in first, tracing lightly back and forth along her slit, I teased her. Already they were wet and sticky with her arousal. I gently pushed my fingers inward as I moved them and another moan came from her lips as her back arched with pleasure. She was sensitive alright ... or maybe just really horny. Either way suited me just fine.

As I pushed my fingers deeper into Amanda and rubbed against the slick velvet walls of her insides, I brought my mouth to her mound. I started out with gentle kisses then proceeded to spreading her nether lips with my tongue to play with her clit. I could taste her arousal, which wasn't quite what I expected. It had a rather sweet flavor. She must eat a lot of fruits.

Even as I licked and fingered her pussy, Amanda pushed her hips upwards as she tried to grind harder against my hand and tongue, moaning with pleasure. My hands moved faster and faster and her the volume of her voice rose with the arch of her back as she finally climaxed. Her body shook and a stream of fluid squirted from her pussy, soaking my hand, my sofa and almost got my face. So she was a squirter ... I should've asked. It might have saved my sofa.

I stopped and waited for her tremors to subside and when they finally did, I asked smiling to myself, "So how was it?"

It was a few breaths before Amanda could answer me. "It ... it was ... amazing, Master."

"Heh, well it's my turn. Get up and turn around," I commanded.

"Yes Master," she replied as she shakily pushed herself up off the couch and turned around.

With her rump in the air, I had a clear view of her ass. The juices of her climax still flowed from her pussy down her legs and I couldn't help but bend down and lick her nether lips and taste her nectar. She moaned as her body was racked with another shiver.

Straightening, I pulled down my khakis and boxers, exposing my hard cock to the cool apartment air. I placed the head gently against her slit, rubbing it back and forth a few times to moist it and make entry into her easier. Once my dick was thoroughly soaked in her juices, I pushed into her body in a single smooth stroke. She gasped in response and again her body was racked with shivers.

For a few seconds, I just stood there, unmoving. The sensation of her velvet folds wrapped around my shaft and head was something I had almost forgotten. The warmth of her body surrounding me, gently pulsing and squeezing, her soft buttocks pressed against my hips. It was akin to nirvana. Masturbation was simply no comparison to what I felt now. I've missed this feeling.

A few second later, once I've had my fill of that sensation, I began thrusting. Back and forth. Each motion punctuated by a muffled grunt from me and a gasp from Amanda. Sweat flowed down our bodies as rivers and each slam of my hips against her ass sent minute splashes flying out from between us. With every withdrawal, my cock pulled out of her sheath that still clung to it, unwilling to let go. Our union covered in pussy juice and precum. With every thrust forward, her mound dented inward as if unwilling to allow another intrusion until it finally gave in. My hands gripping her hips, I slammed myself into her until eventually her moans became muffled as her face was pressed into the cushions of the couch and I had to brace myself to keep up the pounding.

This went on for near twenty minutes, much longer than normal when I could not have lasted half as long before. Strangely, my strength never flagged. My thrusting never wavering, until finally I pushed my dick in to the hilt and convulsed, sending burst upon burst of my semen into Amanda's welcoming womb causing her to shake and climax and scream in response. When I had finally finished, I collapsed on top of her, our sweat-covered bodies sticking and sliding against each other as we panted, exhausted trying to catch our breath.

A few minutes later, when I had finally recovered enough strength to pull myself off and out of her, I rolled over onto the couch, my cock sliding out of her pussy though it was still hard, standing at attention as I lay on my back.

I turned my head and looked at my devoted slave, who was still pressed into the cushions of the couch. She turned her face towards me when she felt my gaze on her, her sweat-soaked hair flopping aside. She still breathed hard so the only response she could give me was a tired and satisfied smile even as she closed her eyes and fell into an exhausted sleep.

I followed soon after.

Some time later, I woke up with a chill, my lips dry and cracked from a lack of water. Blinking away the graininess in my eyes, I looked around. Nothing had changed since the end of our tryst. Amanda still laid beside me, unaware of my gaze in her sleep as her round breasts rose and fell in measured rhythms. The sweat from our lovemaking had dried long since and even the juice that had flowed freely between us had become a crusted layer between her legs. Ah crap, cleaning this up was going to be hell. But I wasn't in the mood to waste energy thinking about how to go about it.

I stretched my arms, luxuriating in the laziness of a well-rested nap then instinctively huddled in the cold air of the apartment. Shivering, I quickly stood up and wrapped a bathrobe around myself.

As I stood there, looking down on Amanda's naked form, her smooth and tanned body, her legs slightly spread open, unheeding of the way her pussy and ass hung off the edge of the couch, my dick began to harden again. No. I turned my gaze away. There was no time for this. It was already too late. A quick glance at the clock on the wall confirmed this. It was already one in the afternoon. I sighed. Half a day wasted.

It was time to put my plan in action.

I picked up Amanda and rolled her onto the couch. Unable to restrain myself, I squeezed one of her tits with a hand, causing her to moan and her eyes to flutter open as she woke up.

"I see you're awake," I said as I walked to my room to look for a blanket. "Stay on the couch. I have something planned in a bit."
