 Note: In the world in my head gods do not have DNA, and Desiree's sister is not related on the human side. On the god side is essence and power only. I liken it in the story to adopted siblings, who have never met before and are both above the age of consent. 

I will tell you if I posted this in Incest the people into that would laugh, flame and yell at me. If you are supersensitive to the subject however you are forewarned. I don't see it as incest, but there is an inevitable suggestion in that direction just because of the use of the word sister.

Hope you enjoy it!

Chapter 2 – Meeting little sister.

Desiree, demi-goddess and daughter of Aphrodite was taking a long bubble bath, relaxing from her last assignment.

She snorted at her own thought, like sex was a chore or anything, tiring maybe, but being a servant of Aphrodite was very pleasant, with few exceptions.

She felt her mother's power and looked up to see her in the mirror surrounded by naked men and woman some of whom were having sex at her feet. There was one slightly older woman breastfeeding a baby off to the side.

Desiree jumped out of the tub and knelt, "How may I serve Goddess."

Aphrodite smiles down on her and says, "Rise daughter, return to your bath and we will talk."

Desiree gets back into the bath and starts to relax, waiting for Aphrodite to speak.

"You have a new sister named Jenna, I need you to educate her and bring her into the fold. She is not like you, more like your sister Anna who takes care of the punishment assignments. Before you ask, Anna is busy causing a scandal in Europe to take down a certain president for his betrayal of the gods. We decided a sexual scandal was the best way to do it.

"I won't go into the details, let's just say he got our help then refused to pay the price. Not many mortals know about us anymore but we couldn't afford to let it go. I know you like the positive healing and helping assignments, and destroying evil, but you don't need to get into that with Jenna. You just need to let her know I am her mother and what serving me entails and how it will benefit her."

Desiree replies, "Yes mother, anything else?"

Aphrodite nods. "Yes, as you know I usually guide you during assignments, I can't do that here because she is a demi-goddess and has to choose freely to worship without interference or influence from me. All I can tell you is she just turned 18 and is in her first year of college. I can lead you to her, but you're on your own after that."

Desiree says, "Yes mother, I understand." She bows her head.

As the mirror turned back to normal she felt a surge of approval, love and pride.

When Desiree got out of the bath she sees some tickets to San Francisco leaving Chicago O'Hare in about 3 hours. She gets dressed in some jeans and a sweater shirt, throws on some low heeled comfortable shoes and packs a bag for a few days. She picks clothes that won't stand out at a college.

Desiree is 32 years old, served her goddess for 14 years, but she still looks 19 or 20. As a demi-goddess she ages about 1 in 10 years so the age thing shouldn't make her stand out. She leaves her car behind and jumps on the El train for O'Hare about 3 blocks from her high rise condo. 

She easily makes her flight, for once there are no flight delays and they land a couple of hours later.

After getting off the plane she is guided to SFSU. It is starting to get late in the day but she decides to find her right away, she can always find a hotel if she needs to later.

She felt like she was very close now as she turns a corner and looks up. It was a frat house. She feels her mother's guidance leave her but she is more than close enough to pick her up her sister with her own power at this range.

She considers the fact of a demi-Goddess of Love, Beauty, Pleasure and Procreation in a frat house full of young virile men. What could possibly go wrong?

Snickering she realizes that it's about to be two. She decides this might just be fun as she walks right up and through the doorway that's been propped open. She walks through the foyer into the living room of the frat house. Surprisingly it is fairly clean and strait, outside of the 2 kegs in the corner sitting in a small kiddy pool full of ice. There are also a couple of bottles of rum and vodka sticking up through the ice.

She counts 4 men and about 6 women in the room. They are sitting around talking, the music isn't too loud. She supposed this was the first meager beginning of a party.

She asked the man sitting closest to the entrance of the room, "I am looking for my sister Jenna, you know where she is?"

He points past her at the stairs going up. She smiles and nods at him in thanks and turns to walk away. She can feel his eyes run up her long sexy legs and lock on her tight ass which make her smile a little bigger. Turning back with a knowing look she winks at him, and then proceeds up the stairs.

Desiree loved her mother and serving her, it was fulfilling in ways most people could not imagine. She did have to admit to herself though that she enjoyed a free night every once in a while. Although she was there on Aphrodite's behalf she was looking forward to fulfilling her nature tonight as well. She knew that she would find opportunity in this house, she sensed it.

As Desiree got closer to her sister she sensed the lust Jenna was giving off and closed it off from her perceptions. Desiree didn't think it felt right, there was something missing. She suddenly understood the opportunity she would find was all about her mission here, to teach her sister. She sensed no love laced into the lust, and as such it felt, wrong. Not a bad wrong she thought, just not complete.

She walked down the hallway. She didn't need her demi-goddess senses anymore. She could simply follow the fucking sounds down the hall. She heard loud grunts, slapping flesh and gasps of pleasure. When she reached the door she opened it, stepped inside and closed it behind her.

On the floor in the middle of the room she saw her sister for the first time. She was stunning of course, long dark hair, hourglass figure. She was on her hands and knees, her D size tits gently swinging back and forth. She had light chocolate skin and her tight bubble ass shook every time the guy behind her plowed inside her.

When Desiree closed the door her sister looked toward her as the guy fucking her mouth took a step back. Desiree saw she had full lips and light brown eyes, her face delicate and innocent looking despite the position she was currently in.

Desiree noted there were three other naked guys sitting on the bed, as if waiting their turn. They all looked at Desiree like she was crazy for just walking into a room that was obviously busy. Then closing the door as casually as if she were coming in for a nap, instead of apologizing and leaving the room like a normal person would.

Desiree's sister Jenna looked up at her and slowly her face showed understanding, and a little fear. She knew Jenna could sense she was more than human, but Jenna didn't know why she was there or who she was and that would make her nervous.

The guy by Jenna's head after he stepped back said, "WTF are you doing here, who are you, can't you see we are busy?"

Desiree looked at him and smiled tilting her head down to the side and forward just a little bit to look through her lashes. She released her aura, but kept it invisible. The guy backed down without quite know why, looking sheepish. 

She said, "Looking for my sister Jenna."

Without another word Desiree started to strip out of her clothes teasing the men on the bed by hiding her features as she stripped down, with a twist and a movement of her arms, using her hair to hide her tits as she slowly removed her shorts, moving her legs so they couldn't quite see her pussy.

She got on the floor and crawled to Jenna and gave her a soft kiss. Jenna just accepted it, still in the surprise of shock.

Desiree whispered into Jenna's ear saying, "Pay attention to me as best you can while we service these studs, you might learn something little sis. Then we need to talk, nothing bad, just about the family business."

Desiree crawled back a bit then looked at the boys and pouted, inviting them with her eyes and aura. Arching her back with her ass sticking out but not saying a word. 

The guys all got up off the bed and came to Desiree, their eyes shocked and filled with lust. They looked as if they didn't think this could be happening, two sluts, no waiting, who happen to also be sisters.

Desiree felt Jenna's aura again and looked over, the guys were filled with lust and started fucking Jenna's face and pussy again. Desiree knew of course why it felt wrong. She knew Jenna was enjoying her power over these men, and the pleasure. The problem was though she thought, that in only using pure lust the guys were basically using her just to get themselves off, it was a purely selfish lust.

She knew that Jenna was nothing more than a place to stick their prick for the guys, almost like they were masturbating using her holes. She was sure Jenna felt pleasure from it, Jenna was a demi-goddess of pleasure after all, but Desiree was going to show little sister how to make it so much more than that.

Desiree started giving off her lust in her aura as well, but she added a small amount of love to it making it well balanced. Not so much love that they would fall in love with her, or become her slaves, but just enough to redirect the lust outward and remove the selfish part.

They guys who she didn't even know their names yet gasped when that aura hit them, then descended on her body. One slid underneath and started to manipulate her nipples with his fingertips. Then she felt his mouth suck one in as he twisted the other gently getting her body to tingle.

The second guy got on his hands and knees and started to lick and suck on her pussy lips as he caressed her ass, causing her to gasp out in pleasure.

The third guy stood at her head and caressed her face and played with her hair as he slid his cock into Desiree's waiting mouth. She massaged the underside of his cock with her tongue as it slid past entering her throat. With her eyes locked on his, communicating the pleasure she felt at his cock in her mouth. 

She greedily rocked her body forward to get it all inside then flicked her tongue out licking his balls. She started to groan around his cock loving the feeling of it filling her mouth and throat, and the taste of the precum on her tongue as she rocked forward and back.

The guy underneath shifted between her legs and she lowered her body down onto his cock. Her labia slick with honey parted eagerly for his manhood to slide in until she had it fully wrapped in her hot wet hole. She moaned with pleasure as he bit down on her nipple when she tightened herself around his pole.

She felt the second guy lick up to her puckered star, licking around and into her dark hole while squeezing and holding her ass cheeks apart with his hands. He spanked her ass hard when she rocked forward, forcing her throat to accept invasion.

She blindly grabbed the lube from her purse and passed it back to the third guy wordlessly. She felt him remove his tongue from her ass and moments later felt a cockhead teasing her sphincter, slowly pushing inside.

When he got all the way buried in her back door she started rocking again, the men were filled with lust but just that little bit of love added and she was in total control. They allowed her to set the pace as she rocked back on both cocks that filled her holes and then rocked forward on the one in front, her throat skillfully accepting his meat deep inside. 

While she was controlling the fucking of all her holes she felt 6 hands caressing and teasing the flesh all over her body at the same time. Instead of a lust that caused a callous use of her body this was instead worship, a beautiful scene of 3 men doing their best to pleasure this beautiful young woman as she in turn pleasured them.

Desiree could feel the moment Jenna understood the lesson, understood that she might be imposing lust and gaining pleasure but the fact is it was all selfish pleasure for the men who were doing nothing to enhance her pleasure at all, only taking. 

While some woman actually liked that, and there was nothing wrong with that. She knew Jenna wasn't just a demi-goddess of pleasure or lust. Just like Desiree, Jenna needed love and beauty to be a part of this act for it to be complete.

Desiree felt Jenna mirror her aura and she could see out of the corner of her eyes that everything changed in an instant. The men using Jenna started to stroke and tease her body. They shifted, changed, as one of them got some lube then they all rearranged to make a DP sandwich.

Desiree watched as the guys kissed and caressed Jenna. One man was kissing her lips while the second kissed the back of her neck and shoulders. She watched as Jenna was lowered slowly onto their hard cocks, stuffing both her holes at once.

She felt the room take up an effusive pleasure as they were all taken to orgasm by the two demi-goddesses. The men making sure her and Jenna both had explosive orgasms, their bodies bucking and twitching on their poles before they took their pleasure.

Once Desiree exploded in orgasm she moaned causing her throat to vibrate. The engorged cock sliding between her lips swelled just before seed shot out into the back of her throat. She rocked forward and started to swallow over and over to take in the seed while milking this tasty flesh in her throat as she so loved to do.

The other two men stood no chance either as her body tightened in orgasm both her pussy and sphincter clamped down on the meat filling her and started to milk and massage the invading flesh. She felt her pussy and ass get filled at the same time as they emptied themselves into her.

Breathing heavily she watched as Jenna rose to orgasm as well, gasps and cries filling the room as Jenna received the men's seed into her trembling body.

Turning back to the men as they stood she crawled to each in turn, carefully cleaning each of their cocks with licks of her tongue one at a time. She sucked her own pussy juice mixed with semen and moaned at her own ass flavor mix as she gently cleaned the men that were in her holes.

The men dressed and left leaving both her and Jenna with cum dripping out of their holes. She crawled over to Jenna and said, "We are sisters of Aphrodite but obviously our fathers were very different. The truth is that gods and goddesses do not have DNA, they just perfect the DNA of our human parent and infuse us with some bit of power and essence."

Jenna asked, "Why are you telling me this now?"

Desiree said, "So you know not to freak out when I clean you, this is not the equivalent of what humans would consider incest, we are true sisters under Aphrodite and in the fact that we contain the same type of essence and power. But as far as genetic siblings? Not so much. If there is a human comparison we would be adopted sisters, even though we both come from the same Goddess."

Desiree kissed Jenna softly then sat her on the bed and spread her legs with a light brush of her hands. Leaning in she started to lovingly suckle and lick the baby batter out of Jenna's pussy and ass. Desiree loved the taste of Jenna mixed in with the musky seed. Feeling turned on she forgot about cleaning and started to flick her tongue on Jenna's swollen clit extracting a gasp from her.

Jenna said breathlessly, "Not fair sister, I want to play too."

Smiling Desiree climbed up into the bed and got on top in a 69 position and lowered her pussy onto the waiting tongue. As the thick batter started leaking out of her she felt Jenna suck and lick inside her pussy and dark star and heard her swallow it down in pleasure.

Desiree caressed her Jenna's inner thighs and legs, then lightly ran her fingernails against her succulent ass cheeks while poking her sphincter, licking up the leaking seed. By the time they were clean she was gasping and flushed with pleasure on the cusp of orgasm.

Desiree begged moaning out, "Oh goddess, right there, please don't stop." 

She started teasing Jenna's clit with her lips and tongue while sliding two fingers in her pussy and one in her ass. That drove Jenna over the edge and they exploded together filling the room with sounds of wanton pleasure.

They both felt like they were hit by a lightning striking and Desiree was squirting her honey onto Jenna's 'O' face as Jenna's sweet hot juice soaked her hands and lips.

Jenna said between deep breaths, "Goddess is it? That was amazing."

Desiree turned around and kissed Jenna. The taste of themselves on the other's lips melded into a wonderful joint flavor which caused them both to moan. As they came down from the orgasm they both sensed a human presence at the same time. Both of their heads snapped toward the door which they had not heard open. 

Desiree saw the 4 guys from downstairs when she came in. One of the girls was there as well, a tall blonde with blue eyes and very large DD tits. All 5 of them were staring with open mouths at the two demi-goddesses. Desiree guessed the 5 guys that had left went and bragged about what happened. So these 5 probably came up to see if they were full of it or not. 

Now that she wasn't so thoroughly distracted by Jenna, she could easily sense they were filled with lust. She briefly wondered how long they were standing there and what they saw. By the look of hunger on their faces, she decided probably quite a while.

Desiree turned her head back and looked at her sister.

Jenna shrugged and said, "We can talk family business tomorrow can't we?"

Desiree looked at the 5 by the door then back at her sister. Then she giggled while nodding and licking her lips.

She felt Jenna reach out with her lust aura with the right amount of love mixed in to make it a giving lust, a worship of sexual pleasure to Aphrodite their mother and Goddess. Desiree sent out her aura as well, in anticipation of the many pleasurable offerings remaining for them this night.