 "They lay back in the sweet smelling grass beside the stream and he ravaged her mouth even as he moved in and out of her. He loved the feel of her tightness around him and he took all she had to give while giving back anything..."

Shandi Abbott looked over her mom's shoulder and read the lines from her mom's newest Bad Boys Series. Connor Harris would be one of the most popular from what she had seen from the notes she had read, but it was clear he was not coming along as well as her mother had hoped. "Mom, shouldn't that be, while not giving back anything?" She walked to the fridge and opened it. The juice was just what she needed. It had been a long day and she had skipped both breakfast and lunch due to both the heat and nervousness. She hated job interviews and this sudden heat wave had made it worse by making everyone both irritable and more conscious of how they sweated. It seemed like every place she had gone the air conditioning was broken or just working so hard it failed to work right.

Claudia Abbott rubbed her eyes and looked at the computer screen in front of her. "Oh, now how did I miss that, thanks hon...?" She typed in the missing word. "How did the interviews go?"

Shrugging her shoulders, Shandi drank her juice then refilled the glass and put the empty container in the sink. "They sucked. There much have been a hundred applicants at each place I went." She went to the kitchen table that served as her mother's desk when it suited her. "Where is everyone?"

"The twins are at the pool swimming, Grace went to see her friend Marci, Twyla is spending the night with Karen and Josh, and I have no idea where your father went...I think he told me but..."

"But you were deep in Connor Harris' latest sexual escapade and you didn't hear him...its okay mom, we all understand when you zoom out into the world of bad boys, hot women and fast moving machines." Shandi lit a cigarette and blew a smoke ring up toward the ceiling. "Not that we blame you, Connor and his six brothers have been a part of this family for as long as any of us can remember. Personally, I always preferred Tanner; that was when you had to be more subtle, remember? Tanner always seemed the most romantic of them all."

"Bad boys are not romantic, they are hot and sexy and they help pay the bills." Claudia saved the words on the screen and shut down the computer. "Maybe I should call his cell, see if he'll bring home burgers or pizza for dinner. It's too hot to cook..."

Shandi smiled at her mom's absent minded tone. It was nothing new, just let her mom get working on a new book and she forgot everything Her dad was no different when he was designing a new house or working on one of the old cars scattered around the property. It was no wonder that she and her siblings took advantage of them at moments like that. To make it worse, even when neither of them were doing anything but sitting on the soft together watching television or playing a game of cards, it would never be very long before they looked at each other and made some excuse or another to go to bed early or maybe go for a drive to "talk".

She was glad her parents were still in love with each other, found each other sexually attractive and thrilling, but there were times that she just wanted to vomit and tell them that people over forty shouldn't be so hot for each other's bodies. Or tell them that maybe they should spend a little more time paying attention to their children, all six of them.

"Speaking of how hot it is, I for one am soaked with sweat and I need a shower. "It's a hundred and five out in the shade, and if this heat wave doesn't break pretty soon I will."

Leaving her mom to decide if she was going to call her dad about dinner, or work on Connor Harris more, Shandi went up to her room. Once the door was closed, she began to strip off the lightweight blouse, the skirt, nylons and her short boots. Next was the bra that housed her 44D breasts, and the matching thong. She let her waist length dishwater blonde hair down from the bun that she had needed to reset at least three times during the day, and found her makeup remover. The sparkle of her bright jade green eyes belied how tired and dried out she felt, but when she finally stepped into the lukewarm shower, she let out a happy and contented sigh.

Thank god for air conditioning that worked and water. She felt almost human when she stepped out to towel herself off and wrap one towel around her hair. Going into her room she was mentally wondering if she could talk her folks into making tomorrow a free day, she could make it up once the heat wave broke. A movement on her bed caught her attention and the scream that escaped her throat would have rivaled any horror movie scream she had ever heard.

She was still screaming when her dad, mom and older brother Justin came barreling into the room, which startled her even more and she screamed again. The long, lean well built man lounging on her bed gave a smile and looked as unconcerned as she had ever seen anyone. "What's the big deal sweetheart; you said you preferred me over Connor."

Her mom looked as shocked as Shandi felt and her dad and brother were both wondering how to handle the man who seemed to know both who he was talking to and quite at leisure in the house. Finally her dad spoke, "who the hell are you and how the hell did you get in the house, let alone my daughter's bedroom?"

The man sat up and lit a cigarette before answering. "Tanner Connor and I have no idea, one minute I am getting it on hot and heavy with a gal I met at a bar, and the next here I am, watching this nice set of tits come out of that door toward me. Don't normally go for big girls, but in your case I could make an exception..." His eyes, the color of deep, dark Obsidian moved up and down Shandi's full length and he licked his lips in a way that was both obscene and exciting at the same time. "For that matter I haven't got the foggiest idea where the hell I am, so how about you clue me in and we'll both know."

Shandi looked at her folks and her brother. "This has to be a dream or some massive hallucination right? I mean if I close my eyes, and open them, he will be gone and this will all just be some heatstroke induced hallucination...Justin, you're the pre-med student here, tell me I'm right..."

Her brother looked at her. "How the hell would I know, we haven't gotten this far in our textbooks yet. Maybe it has something to do with the power surge we had a few minutes ago. Maybe we all got some kind of shock and it's scrambled our brains. Try touching him dad, see if he's real..."

When her father hesitated, Shandi sighed. "Oh hell, I'll do it...he's in my room, lying on my bed...maybe you're all just hallucinations for all I know." She clutched the towel to her harder and moved closer to her bed. Tanner or whoever he was grinned harder and she had to swallow back the effect it had on her body and her brain.

"Oh please honey, touch me, I love to have a woman touch me, but should I tell you where you can you can touch me and make sure I am the most real?" His grin turned to a leer and she prodded his denim covered leg. He felt real to her. "Oh honey, a little higher next time, in fact..." He reached out and gripped her wrist and started to pull her hand up higher than his ankle.

Her dad snapped out of whatever fog he was in. "That's enough, I don't know who the hell you are, but that is enough. Justin, go call the police, Shandi you go back in the bathroom and your mother will bring you some clothes. And as for you, Tanner or whatever your name is, you will stay right where you are until the police arrive, understood?"

Tanner shrugged. "No problem, but does she have to get dressed. I like the view from here just fine."

Shandi did as her father told her and a few moments later; her mother appeared with a shirt and shorts. "I didn't bother with underwear, I thought it best if you just get dressed and then come downstairs with me until the police arrive. How did he get in there Shandi, do you have any idea who he might be or where he came from?"

"No, I've never seen him before, but at the same time, he looks familiar." The more she looked at him in fact the more familiar he seemed. As she buttoned up the last button of her shirt, a thought crossed her mind. "Oh hell! It can't be."

Claudia looked at her, "Can't be what Shandi."

She had to be wrong, there was no way it was possible. Going back into her room, she went to her bookcase and ignored the man on her bed, as well as her father and mother. Where was it...? She had been reading it just the other day, and... She found the worn paperback and looked at the front cover. Hell, it was him, or a damn close double. Right down to the rip in his shirt and the small scar that marred his chiseled chin. And those eyes, those damn eyes. They had haunted every erotic dream she had known since she had first began to experience them.

At nineteen, Shandi had always harbored a secret desire for the man on this book cover, a photographer's perfect rendition of her mom's visions of Tanner Harris. She had always found herself comparing every man, every boy she had met against him, and always found them lacking. Now, she was seeing him in the flesh, or whatever he was and she had no idea how he had come to life as he had.

Justin came back into the room. "Sorry dad, I can't get a hold of the police, all the cell service in the city is affected by the power surge and the company says it might be hours before we can get through. The landline, computer, cable and such are all out as well." He pressed a button his phone and turned on the speaker so they could all hear the voice repeating what he had said. "We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, be assured we are doing all we can to restore service as soon as possible..."

Shandi looked at her parents. "Mom, dad, I think I know who he is, and even if we call the police, I don't think they can help here..." Her voice quivered. "Look..."

Holding out the book, her father reached out and took it, and she watched as his eyes flickered from the cover to the man on the bed. "It can't be..."

It was her mother who resolved the issue, "there is one way to tell. I never put it in the book, but if he is who Shandi thinks he is, he has a tattoo, a very distinctive tattoo in a very private place."

The man on the bed smiled. "So in order for me to convince you who I am you want to see the tattoo on my dick. No problem..." He began to open his jeans and they all cried out at once.

"No!!!" Her dad frowned. "Just tell us what it is."

"Oh, too bad, I'm rather proud of the thing actually, the tattoo and the dick, but I guess you got a thing about guys showing your daughter their dicks, most father's are. It's a bottle of cherry soda, you know, it stands for..."

Claudia groaned. "Cherry popper, it's a joke my brother used to say when he'd come home from a date and he had gotten some. He'd walk in all proud of himself and look at dad and say his cherry popper had struck again. Dad would laugh and mom would groan and the phrase stuck with me. When I came up with the idea for Tanner I wanted to use it, but the editor said no, that it wasn't a good idea, so I deleted that part and it went off into where ever it goes in cyberspace."

Before anything else could be said or done a chorus of voices sounded from downstairs and Shandi looked at her mom, "Sounds like the twins, and Grace are home..."

Her mom looked at her and nodded. "I better go down and make sure they don't come up, oh lord the pizza. What do we do with him Tom? I mean if Shandi is right, we can't take him to the police, how do you explain a fictional character just popping in out of nowhere and you want him arrested for it."

Tom Abbott looked at his wife, son and daughter. "A better question is; how the hell do we get rid of him?"

Tanner Harris smiled as he stepped out of the shower and wrapped the towel around his hips. This was a nice place, better than anything he or his brothers had ever known. The company was a lot better too, that Shandi was a hot looking woman and she had one fine set of tits on her that he wouldn't mind spending an hour or two mauling. Her mom was okay, but too skinny, she had some nice tits he supposed, but nothing compared to her daughter and even the better figure couldn't make up for it, plus she was too old for him. He preferred the women who were just becoming aware of their sexuality. Shandi definitely fit that description.

He knew his brothers would agree, she would in Rye's words be one tasty lady and he would like to see just how tasty he was. Well Rye could eat his heart out if and when Tanner ever got back home. He'd have plenty of tales to tell. And hopefully before he left this place, he would be able to describe all there was about Shandi.

Toweling off his long black hair, he checked as he always did for any white or silver streaks, he was getting older and he knew like his dad and brothers that one day he would have the Harris family trademark of one lock of white hair somewhere on his head. Sometimes it was a stripe down the middle or in his dad's case a perfect square right in front. Personally, he was hoping for the square, the stripe reminded him too much of a skunk, like the woman happy one in all those old cartoons.

Going in to what Shandi had called the guest room, he found a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt advertising some heavy metal group. He didn't like metal but the skull was nice and he liked how it fit his upper body. The jeans were well fitting too. Low slung and showing off what he had underneath. He wasn't vain about his looks, he knew he was hot and he used it to his advantage. Didn't he have women just panting to get in his pants and let him in theirs? That hot little lady he had been banging when all this happened had been easy pickings for him and he had been enjoying all her soft little grunts and groans as he plowed in and out of her in the back seat of her daddy's Lincoln. When he got out of here, he would have to remember her and go see if she wanted to finish up when they had been interrupted.

When he got out of here, if he got out of here, how the hell had he gotten here in the first fucking place? It was clear no one knew the answer to that. All he remembered was fucking that hot little piece and a bright blinding light had happened just as he was getting ready to shoot his load. The next thing he knows, he's on Shandi's bed and this big breasted gal comes out in nothing but a towel and the body the good Lord had given her. Talk about an eye full. Those big green eyes, the full, plump, but nicely made body, the patch of hair between her legs, he bet she had some nice plump juicy lips hidden there. Not to mention a sweet little clit that would be a joy to spend some time sucking on, and her nipples were sweet too. He bet she would be just as hot as the gal he had left, given the right attention. 

A crash of thunder and the light from a bolt of lightning caught his attention and he went to the huge window looking out over trees and a lush green area out in back of the house. At the same time he heard loud voices coming from the room next door.

"How the hell do I know Tom? I mean one minute I am writing about Connor and Shandi mentions that Tanner was her favorite, she comes up here, I hear the shower come on while you and I are discussing dinner and then wham, there's a power surge and you no more walk in the door and we hear Shandi scream."

"Well he had to have gotten here somehow Claudia, he couldn't have just popped in out of nowhere, for all we know he could be some escaped convict, or some nut case from the mental hospital. And this thing about the tattoo, are you sure it never came out in any of the books? I mean even a hint of it, for all we know he could be some obsessed fan of yours. Some stalker or serial killer..."

"Tom, you're over reacting. Outside of him being so outspoken, he hasn't made a move to hurt anyone. And he seems more proud of what he has in his pants than being some psycho killer. No, I'm sorry I have to agree with Shandi, I think somehow he is Tanner Connor and he's out of the pages of my book. More real to life than I ever expected him to be but still..." She sound amused somehow.

Her husband growled and Tanner smiled. "I think you're enjoying this Claudia, if you're right and if he is one of your bad boys, I can see the wheels turning in your head, you're thinking how good this would be for a book..."

"What if I am...you have to admit it would be a best seller..." She giggled. "Tom, be realistic, you know as well as I do that the security system would have never let a real intruder in, you designed the damn thing. And most folks don't even know this house is here unless you know where to look, we picked this place just for that reason. Besides, we have you and Justin to protect us, and I don't think Tanner, or whoever he is is any match for a former SEAL or two sons who knows five kinds of martial arts; and face it, none of us are exactly small in size. Hell, Tanner is more obsessed with getting in a woman's pants then worrying about getting the crap beat out of him. Which I have seen you do on various occasions to various men..."

"Maybe not, but I would still feel better if I knew for sure who he was and what the hell he was doing here."

Tanner had to agree with the wife, he was a lover, not a fighter, but he understood her husband's worries too, he knew how he would be if some stranger showed up in his home the way he had here.

Shandi sat on her bed and tried to concentrate on the novel in her hand. The thunderstorm had passed both in and out of the house and things were quieting down. At least everywhere but inside her, and she knew the reason for her turmoil was right on the other side of the bathroom just a few feet away. Was she right, had Tanner Harris been somehow brought from her mother's novel to this palace and time and if so, why and how? A part of her hoped that after they all got a goodnights sleep they would wake up to find it was some sort of mass hallucination, or a dream. The other part found her mind on Tanner and the fantasies she had had about him.

She had never known a real man who affected her the way the fictional character had. The copy of her book was worn from her going back and reading it so much, not just about his looks and attitude, but the descriptions of how he touched this woman or that, or made love to them in such a way that they all hungered for him long after he had left. Even the ending, when he had finally realized how much he loved Hannah and would die for her if he had to, it had made her cry, not with joy but jealousy. She had so wanted to be Hannah, wanted to hear him tell her over and over how much he loved her, and wanted to spend the rest of his life with her.

For so long she had wanted to meet a man like him, a real man, someone who would look at her and desire her so much that his whole body was set on fire by just her presence in his life. His brothers, they were all like him, but he had been the one who stood out most in her mind, and she had foolishly believed that somewhere out there was a man like him, a man who was meant for her and her alone.

Well she knew better now, it had all been like her mother's stories, fiction. She was never going to know such passion or such desire in her life. She would be like her sister Kate, finding a man who loved her, settling down to raise a family and having a simple everyday life. She could never picture her brother in law as the kind of man who would inspire passion or fire in any woman. No, she couldn't imagine any man she knew causing such feelings.

She put the book down and laid back to stare at her ceiling. Well, she knew one now, but that was only a dream, an hallucination and she wasn't going to be fool enough to think that some cosmic door had opened up to bring him to her. No in the morning she would wake and he would be long gone. Her family would laugh about it and say it had just been some sort of brain spasm, and forget it ever happened, until her mother wrote it all down and turned it into a novel that would be a best seller and make her lots of money. Maybe if she was lucky, in time she would even forget this day had happened, and she could forget the man that lay beyond the bathroom door.
