 Note: The Life of Desiree will be snapshots and not necessarily building on the last story in a contiguous way, if you like them I will keep writing them but there is no end point really, just little short stories that all have the same character. I will write in numbered chapter style though, just because its easier to keep track of that way.

Chapter 1 – Desiree and the Incubus.

Desiree walked into the bathroom to check her appearance before going out tonight. She looked in the mirror and smiled as she thought she was absolutely perfect. 

She had curly strawberry blonde hair that flowed down to the small of her back. She had a cute nose, pouty lips and jade green eyes. Her ruby ear rings drew the eyes to her long slender neck.

She was about 5'4" which made her C cup breasts appear bigger than they were as they seemed to peek out the top of her slinky black dress, but somehow they still seemed to fit her body perfectly. Her long, creamy white toned legs looked sexy with the 3 inch heals she was wearing.

She absolutely knew she was a knock out, but she wasn't snobbish about it either, just self aware. She had no time to be into herself overly, she did have her mission after all.

She happily recalled earlier in the day when she had closed that deal. She was a corporate buyer/seller which she loved. She had always been good at making sales and enjoyed interacting with people. 

She also knew her looks helped there which was ok with her, she knew the reality that good deals and faith only got you so far in that world, without the social connections and appeal you couldn't get corporate types to even steal from you, much less the great deals she made.

The company she worked for didn't mind either as they pay her a mint in commissions based on the profits she brings to the company. So here she was ready to celebrate.

Desiree would have gone out anyway of course. She had a mission, a lifelong task that fit her nature much better than a sales job. She needed the job though because there were no earnings of a monetary type involving her mission. Her faith led her where she needed to go and what she needed to do.

She left her high rise condo and felt a kind of tug guiding her to go right so she started walking that way down the street confidently. She didn't know why she was going this way, truth be told she didn't know why she was wearing this dress either, all she had was her faith, listening for the prompting that would lead her where she needed to go, just like it led her to this dress.

Five blocks later she felt a prompting and turned left and 3 blocks later found herself at a club. She did not get in line but walked straight to the door. She saw the doorman check her out hard as he unclipped the rope barrier and allowed her to walk past. She smiled almost shyly at the man, used to this kind of service and attention but somehow always surprised by it. It wasn't about her at all after all.

She felt guided to the dance floor and started to dance, swaying and moving her body with grace and poise. She felt eyes on her and looked around until she found them. There were actually a lot of men looking at her, but she was guided to the ones that counted. A man stood a couple of feet away staring at her hungrily, she could swore she saw his eyes glow red for a moment as she locked eyes with him and danced in his direction.

He was 5'11" and handsome. Short black hair slightly spiked on top and ocean blue eyes. His body was cut and his gaze caused her to heat up. She smiled at him shyly, knowing already that she would be taking him home. They danced and she knew he could feel a connection too, lust passed back and forth between them. Some of the other dancers actually stopped to watch them as she and her new partner danced circles around each other, graceful and erotic.

When the song ended she smiled and he took her arm and led her off the dance floor to a small table and ordered them a couple of drinks.

"Hi, I'm Ben."

"Desiree," she said breathlessly, "nice to meet you Ben. You're a great dancer."

"Thanks, your dancing is amazing," he said returning the compliment.

They had a couple of drinks and maneuvered the first conversation minefield but their eyes said so much more. She was his right now, caught in his snare of seduction. He was also hers however but didn't know it yet. She had an innate ability to play up to anyone, instinctively knowing what they want and how to give it. She could tell this hunter hadn't been snared by a woman in a long time. She thought it was usually a one way draw when it came to him.

She also knew he was dangerous, she could see it in his eyes, but she had faith, so she dismissed any concerns almost as fast as she acknowledged they where there. Knowing she was exactly where she needed to be.

She felt the prompting it was time to go and turned to Ben, "Ben, would you like to get out of here with me?" Her eyes were dancing and sparkling, promising him delights.

He grabbed her hand wordlessly and they headed for the door. She was about to go back toward her street when she felt the urge to go the other way, without missing a beat she smoothly turned the way she was lead.

Ben clearly wanted to get her alone and ravish her; she also felt a deep hunger within him, a hunger that could never be truly sated. This would have been frightening for her if it didn't feel so right in her soul, she had faith this was where she needed to be and who she needed to be with.

Turning at the next corner she was surprised as she walked into a seedy looking motel. Taking her wallet out she felt the urge to grab cash, not her credit card. They rented one of the rooms for 4 hours. She didn't know why but she figured there was a reason to have no trail anyone could follow to her or her condo.

Ben did not notice as she signed her name Tiffany Jackson, not Desiree Godfrey.

Ben took the lead and he let her, he grabbed the key and they headed up into the room.

Once inside the hotel room Ben dropped all pretense he was human as his eyes started to glow red, he grabbed her long strawberry hair and pulled her in for a rough kiss. She felt lust fill her body, letting it have its way she mewled into his mouth, sliding her tongue between his lips and roaming her hands over his body. Right now she was his, under his power and filled with lust. Begging to be used.

Ben moved the straps down her arm then slid the dress over her body. She was naked underneath. She returned the favor and started stripping his clothes off.

Ben roughly pushed her down to her knees. She knew what he wanted and she was afire with lust. She took him into her mouth and started to bob her head up and down on his large thick cock. Slurping and licking his cock without pause.

She felt him grab two handfuls of hair and start pounding into her mouth, she accommodated him easily down her throat relaxing her muscles as she wantonly surrendered herself to this vile demon.

Ben grunted loudly and buried his cock down her throat as he released his seed. She greedily milked him getting all she could still consumed by the lust filling her body.

Ben sounding surprised said, "I've been doing this a long time and never found a woman like you before, that was incredible."

Desiree looked up and shrugged. She stretched showing off her flawless body to him as she got up from the floor and said, "You're not done with me yet are you? My pussy is hungry for your batter too."

Ben groans and says, "No definitely not finished." With a wicked smile he says, "Trust me, this will be an orgasm like you have never had before."

To Ben's amazement she takes control and pushes him back onto the bed and mounts him. She imagines that most women at this point are filled with lust and fear. She is filled with his lust yes, but her faith makes her fearless.

In an effort to regain control the Incubus stabs her from below, filling her pussy with one quick thrust. She cries out in a mix of pain, pleasure and lust. He starts to pump up into her and she starts to bounce up and down, timing it so they crash together.

'There is no other word for it,' she thought, 'they were fucking, rutting like dogs.'

Right as she started to cum on him she felt it, the feeling in her soul that said now.

She came soaking his cock as he started to put his hooks in to feed to drain yet another female of her life, to swallow her soul and damn her to hell.

At the same point Desiree headed that instruction and loosed her power. Her eyes started to glow a brilliant gold while the rest of her body was surrounded by a visible white aura.

She watched the red eyes of the evil succubus widen as he finally understood what she was, she caught the end of his feeding aura before it got close to her soul and fed holy fire into it instead.

Her orgasm continued as her body twitched and she watched the light go out of the Incubus's eyes as her fire burned him from the inside out.

There was no heat, the bed didn't catch fire and neither did she. This holy fire consumed the unholy flesh of the demon as he screamed in rage, denial, hate and fear.

She lay down on the bed, now alone; flush with the feeling of orgasm, basking in the heat of her body as she stretched.

Sensing more guidance she got up off the bed and walked to the bathroom and looked to the mirror.

She did not see her reflection. 

Desiree saw a panoramic view of a marble house in Grecian style surrounded by gardens. There were also a number of very handsome men standing naked around a woman with long light blonde hair. 

The woman was surrounded by a softly glowing white aura, her loving golden eyes looking directly at Desiree with pride in her face. She was easily the most beautiful woman she had ever or will ever see. Desiree could feel the woman exude love, desire, lust, and satisfaction.

Desiree dropped to her knees and said, "Goddess Aphrodite, how may I be of service."

Aphrodite's smile got bigger and she said, "Good job, I am so proud of you. That demon screwed up my plans for 10 couples just this week. Thank you for keeping faith. I love you so much daughter."

Desiree smiled and looked up as the image was starting to fade and said, "Thanks mom, I love you too."

Desiree, daughter of Aphrodite the goddess of love, got up off her knees, dressed and headed home. She wondered for a moment what mission she would go on tomorrow night, but then shrugged, it didn't matter. She had faith.