 Chapter 5 -- The Reward Part 3

Desiree really wanted to have sex with Mike right now, but instead she is making some coffee and getting ready to explain what happened, and who she is. No problem, just explain how she is half goddess and had to destroy an evil succubus to save a couple of guys. Easy. Oh, and while she was at it explain how they are perfect together and should be together. Perfectly reasonable. Her mind seemed to be bleeding the sarcasm tonight.

It is helping that Mike seems very patient though, she hopes that lasts. At least he already believes in the gods, but still, it isn't every day the supernatural walks into your life. She smiled as he came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her. She relaxed into him as he lightly brushed his lips on the side of her neck. She could get used to that.

Mike asked patiently, "You were going to explain what's going on?"

She relaxed even more, he sounded curious, and a bit concerned, but not angry. Turning around she kissed him then sat down at the table and sipped her coffee, gathering her thoughts. Best to start from the beginning she decided. To give the needed context to the night's events.

"I am not like other woman, I am different. Always was. I started noticing right around 13, when I developed into a woman's body fairly early. As my friends had trouble with their hair, or makeup running, I noticed that I never did. My hair always styled easily into whatever I wanted to do with it. Then it stayed that way until I wanted to change it. Makeup as well, I instinctively knew how to use it, and it never ran, or got messed up until I was ready to change it or take it off.

"It was confusing. I never had a bad hair day. Not one blemish or pimple on my skin, ever. I was attractive and I knew it, but it did not make me stuck up or pretentious, it just was. I was neither the queen bee nor a target in school, but I had few close friends. It seemed that adults were affected by it, but not in a bad way."

She paused and took a sip of coffee then asked, "Still with me?"

He seemed sincere when he nodded. The look on his face was one of curiosity.

"So within the next few years it changed again, it wasn't just easy to style my hair anymore, I could just focus on one while getting dressed. When I looked in the mirror my hair was perfectly done in that hairstyle. My makeup also seemed to follow. At that point I was 16 and still never had a blemish on my skin. Paper cuts, scratches and stuff like that would vanish overnight. No white lines, no red slashes, no scabbing, just perfect skin.

"At the time I had no idea what I was, or how this was possible. I knew I was adopted, so asking my parents wouldn't have helped anything, or so I thought. Point is I kept all my questions to myself. When I turned 18 and headed off to college, I started experimenting with my sexuality. I was careful however when I figured out if I wanted someone, I could get them. Girl, guy, didn't matter.

"If I had decided to sleep with them they said yes, every time. I learned to control that though, once I figured it out it felt wrong, and I didn't use it until after they said yes. Then it was only about... Enhancing the experience. Shortly after that I met Anna, my sister. She explained who I was, what I was, and offered me a deal."

Desiree looked up at Mike, he looked a little skeptical but there was belief in his eyes as well, after all he had seen her looking mussed up then perfect 20 minutes later. Belief in the gods or not she was about to drop a bomb.

"My powers come from Aphrodite. My mother, my goddess and my patron. I work for her, do certain jobs. In return the gods ensure prosperity in my mortal life. The reason I disappeared tonight, there was a demon, a succubus, preying on a couple of men. She could have taken their souls if I had not... Lured her away and destroyed her.

"After that was done I was a hot mess, so I fixed it. I had planned to tell you all of this over the weekend, but you caught on that something wasn't quite right tonight so I decided to spring it all on you now."

Desiree felt unsure, exposed. It was not a common feeling for the demi-goddess. She took a sip of coffee and waited patiently for Mike's reaction. Currently she could feel he was almost in shock and overwhelmed. Stuck between love and fear, belief and disbelief. He felt doubt it was possible and if possible doubted if his emotions for her were genuine. 

She could read all this and more with her empathy. She patiently waited for him to work through the storm of his emotions.

She felt him decide to give her the benefit of the doubt. After all, if she was controlling his emotions he wouldn't be questioning at all.

Mike asked, "And where do I fit into all of this, why did you bother to explain it to me?"

Desiree smiled and said, "It was my mother that put me in your path, she was playing match maker, a reward for me and a gift for you. This does not negate free will, we can still screw it up, or even just walk away if that is what either of us wants. 

"Or... We could stay together. Maybe even build a family some day. It is not a question of if we are right for each other, we are. It is if we decide to, or not to, put the effort into it that makes the difference. We are not magic, but we are highly compatible.

"Oh, and just to nip those lingering doubts in the bud, and to verify I am not a crazy person. I will go ahead and prove what I am for you."

=========================================

Mike felt like he was dreaming, he believed in the Goddess but.... His love and respect for this stunning woman was at war with his disbelief. A demi-goddess in love with him? A gift? How did he deserve something like that? He waited for her to prove it to him as she said she would.

He watched as she got up, her jade green eyes started to brighten, eventually they started to glow a solid gold color. If that wasn't enough her body started glowing with a bright white light. He felt love in the light, overwhelmingly, as if she was Love itself. He realized this was a faint echo of his Goddess but it was still highly overwhelming to his mortal senses.

He was in awe of her, and the power he felt coming off her. He knew that not only she was telling the truth about what and who she was, but also that she did not influence him magically in any way. There was no room for deception or trickery. It would not survive the glaring light of love.

When she stopped glowing Mike noticed her hair was down now, perfectly styled and she hadn't touched it. He watched as she walked around the table and got on her knees and took his hands.

Desiree said, "I am yours, the human part of me. My love and devotion for you to either cherish or reject. You claim my mother as your patron, and here is the catch, you must share me with her without jealousy. I have my goddess side, and that belongs to Aphrodite, and any missions she might send me on. She did say that it would be in emergencies only if we stay together and make a family, but it will still happen."

Mike held back from answering right away. He wanted to assure her that he loved her, and wanted to share his life with her. But it was a serious thing he needed to ponder. She might be his and she might stay faithful to their love. He imagined though that physical intimacy was one of the things the Goddess would ask of her in her duties. In essence she needed a free pass for that.

Was he okay with the idea of Desiree being with someone else? Could he control his jealousy? Is there a reason to be jealous? He wasn't sure, but he had enough faith in his Goddess to believe he would come to understand it, if it was insurmountable for him Aphrodite would not have chosen him for her daughter.

He looked down at her and examined his feelings. There was just no way he was going to let this woman go. She was part goddess of Love, she would need to do what she needed to do. In a way, it would be like getting jealous of his own Goddess if he couldn't deal with it. 

Perhaps that was just a rationalization but it had enough truth in it for him to feel better about sharing her with her missions through Aphrodite. She was beautiful and his in every way that counted. He admitted to himself that he was hers. It might have only been a couple of days, but he admitted to himself he was smitten in a couple of hours. He would be a fool to give this woman up. He lifted her up of her knees and sat her down on his lap and kissed her breathless.

===========================================

Desiree was having trouble breathing. Mike was kissing her hungrily, and his hands were magic against her skin. Touching and stroking her, slowly building up the fire between her thighs. When he slipped a hand inside her shirt and tweaked her nipple it was like throwing gas on a fire as her core tightened and tingled. 

She gasped in pleasure and need as he manipulated her nipples one at a time while teasingly stroking her inner thigh. She was trying to catch a breath while exploring his body with her fingertips and nails. His musky scent and gentle strength overwhelmed her senses.

He was making a promise to her with his body, she could sense his love and determination to make a go of things, although his lust was fast approaching the point he couldn't think at all. She wasn't that far behind and wouldn't be able to sense a thing if that power required any focus on her part. 

Desiree with her voice full of need said, "Take me to bed and have your way with me."

She wrapped her arms around him and started to kiss his neck and shoulders as she felt him stand up and walk toward the bedroom with her secure in his arms. When they got to the bedroom he put her down long enough for them to strip each other. Then she felt him spin her around and bend her down over the edge of the bed.

She felt him go to his knees as he spread her ass cheeks with his hands. He kissed and licked them, then started kneading them with his fingertips. She felt him start to massage her dark hole with a thumb as he leaned down and licked her pussy lips.

Desiree moaned out, "Oh goddess, that feels so good."

She pushed her ass up a bit and ground herself against his face and tongue, arching her back and breathing shallowly at the sensations in her core. She felt him wet his thumb with her dripping honey then slide it back up and inside her dark star. His rough tongue started to slide between her silken folds. When her body showed signs of orgasm he slid his tongue down to her clit to circle it and push down on it with the tip of his tongue.

Desiree begged, "Don.. Don't sto.. stop.. oh goddess keep going."

Mike doubled his efforts when she started to cum on his tongue. She heard him moan in lust and delight at her taste as he filled her puckered hole with his thumb and slid a couple of fingers inside her gushing core. He let off her clit for a moment until she was coming down from her orgasm then sucked her sensitive nub in his mouth and bit down lightly while brushing the engorged top with his tongue. He was rewarded with a scream and more gushing honey from her warm and wet center.

Her thoughts dissolved under the ecstasy his skilled tongue and fingers were bringing her. When she came back to reality her very tight but extremely wet folds were being parted by his rock hard manhood. She felt herself stretch out and hug his member as he slowly worked it into her honey pot. His thumb now still and unmoving, but still invading her sphincter and she felt so full.

She reached a hand down through her legs and started to play with his balls with her nails, encouraging him to push it in all the way. She gasped as he finally filled her completely. He started to pump in and out of her hole, his balls slapping her clit with each stroke filling her. She felt his lust go off the scale as his pole swelled. As he started to fill up her pussy he spanked her hard and then reached around and flicked her clit.

Her warmth tightened around his shooting cock and started a milking action, pulling all the seed from his body and filling her up. When they were done and gasping she felt him pull out as her honey pot made a sucking sound, reluctant to give up his manhood. They finally made it on the bed, their lust temporarily cooled they kissed and caressed each other, whispering nonsense words and filled with satisfaction.

Mike ran circles with his fingers along her back and sides and started to play with her hair. Then he started asking questions.

"So, you are 34, but you look what.... 19ish? What will that mean for us in the future, when I am 50 you will look what?"

Desiree replied, "22ish? Maybe..."

She smacked him playfully when Mike said, "Sweet, no trade in necessary and I'll be a dirty old man with a young hottie. Joking aside I really can't see that as a bad thing. How do you feel about it though?"

"Well I can manage some false aging, but probably not past 30 or so, my beauty magic just won't let me do the wrinkle thing, but I can show maturity. I won't mind at all though. Besides, I am the older one here," Desiree stated with fake old crone voice then giggled.

Desiree said, "Yeah, kind of ruined that with the giggle, but I am. 4 years older that is, and you at 28 look like a cradle robber already." Desiree snickers.

Mike mutters, "Young whippersnappers, no respect for their elders these days."

Mike snorted then asked, "Anything else I should know? What happens if we have kids? Will they be Human or ¼ god/goddess?"

Desiree kisses him and says, "100% human, the part in me that isn't human is the essence of Aphrodite. Since the gods do not have DNA, I would actually test 100% human in a DNA test, or any other test. It is her essence however that preserves this DNA for the longer lifetime as well as grants me my powers. So yea, any children would not have powers.

"Well, Aphrodite could interfere there, but I don't think she will. Anything else you should know? Well you will never need Viagra, impotence doesn't exist when with the Goddess of Love or one of her children is involved. You will always be virile as well, although that is fairly normal for a human male anyway. Also, just to be clear, I am in love with you and I am yours as long as you want me.

"I can change my appearance totally, but not to what I want, only to the ideal of beauty for my partner. The Goddess however can change my appearance to anything really, but I have no control in those cases and it is usually for a mission. I can invoke love and lust, I can also make someone fertile, including myself, to the point where even prophylactics wouldn't make a difference, and of course there isn't much call for that one.

"Aphrodite really doesn't like to interfere overmuch. Otherwise I would open a fertility clinic and make a mint. Although I love what I do now and my commissions are rather large."

Mike said, "We should probably get some rest, would you like me to stay for the weekend? To be honest if I do I might not ever leave."

Desiree was on her side with Mike behind her, they were spooning. She turned her head and looked into his eyes wearing an impish grin, "Be careful, I might not let you leave. But yes, please stay the weekend."

Desiree felt Mike play with her hair until she fell asleep...

============================

Desiree awoke with a moan out of her lips. Mike was still holding her in the spooning position, but his pleasure stick was running between her legs and along her labia. Her core grew hot and wet as Mike teased her awake with his rigid meaty cock. Her face was flushed with pleasure as she turned her head to look into his hungry eyes. They were filled with base lust, his love the only thing holding him back from just taking and ravaging her on the spot.

"Kiss me," she said, half in demand, half begging, her voice breathless with anticipation.

They kissed and she ground herself back against his steel rod then whispered to him encouragingly, "I can feel your love as well as your lust. Give in to it, take me hard and use my body for your pleasure. When I say I am yours this is part of it, your love for me balances out that selfishness, give in to it. Plunder me. Fuck me silly. That would please me greatly..."

Desiree reached down and lined his cock up with her warmth and he slammed it into her. Her abused center hugged and conformed to his manhood as he started stroking into her. Reaching under her with his right arm she felt him start to twist and pinch her nipples in time to the strokes and grunts. His left hand found her sensitive nub and squeezed it between thumb and forefinger causing her to cry out. Good thing her condo was sound proofed.

She started to encourage him with sultry dirty talk, "Come on baby, fuck me hard. Fill me with your batter and claim my wet needy pussy as yours."

She felt him slamming into her hard, grunting with each stroke.

She said between gasps, "Fuck me, faster, harder. Spank my ass. Violate me with that big hard cock. Oh goddess, spank my ass."

She started to rock back hard against him, meeting his forward stroke with a backward push and grind of her hips and he spanked her hard each time she pulled away from him. She gripped his meat with her pussy as he pulled out, only to open up to take him back in.

She cried out, "Slap my ass harder! I may be part goddess, part lover, part partner, but part of me is you're little cum slut, your personal little pleasure hoar. Here for nothing more than to please you."

He slapped her ass really hard, she arched her back and locked down on his cock when it was buried balls deep and didn't let go as she screamed in orgasm. Her core muscles milking him threw him over the edge and he emptied his baby batter into her hot waiting honey pot. Purring in contentment she turned and took his fluid covered cock into her mouth to lick and suck it dry.

When it was clean of juices she just kept going, leisurely running her tongue on his cock and balls. Relishing her position on her knees before the man she loved. A short time later his cock grew in her mouth, when it tickled the back of her throat she opened it up and accepted the tip of his manhood down her throat. 

She pushed him down flat on his back and mounted him, slowly lowering herself down on his revitalized manhood. She was in control now but all the same gave her body to his pleasure.

She moaned softly in gratification as his rod was fully sheathed in her warmth. She looked down in his eyes as she started to ride him slowly but wantonly. Giving her actions fully to her pleasure and his as she rode and grinded onto Mike's big pole. She heard him gasp as her eyes glowed gold and her body released aura, multiplying their pleasure as their bodies moved in perfect harmony. 

They had rutted and fucked which was wonderful, but this was the other side of it, the love and the giving. She transported them into boundless pleasure with her power as they made love.

She looked down into his eyes and he said to her, "Let's make that first child your mother promised us, I know it should feel way too soon but it doesn't. I want my baby in you. I love you Desiree. I don't see that I am worthy but I won't argue either."

She smiled down at him and nodded as she continued to ride him, grinding their hips together slowly. She was building them both up to a very intense and large transcendent orgasm. Suddenly the statue of Aphrodite started glowing with a powerful bright white light and they were both pushed into the throws of orgasm. His manhood emptied into her waiting womb, finding purchase there to start new life. 

She felt her mother's approval and love for both of them. As they came down from orgasm the white light faded away.

Mike said, "What was that, besides incredible I mean."

Desiree smiled down at her husband and said seriously with a touch of humor, "That was Aphrodite's love and approval for both of us. I am also fairly certain you are now my husband in the eyes of the God's, and I am pretty sure I just conceived. So a lot happened in the last few seconds."
