 The Lieutenant, Part 2: The Search for the Kobayashi Maru 

Greetings fellow lover of erotic fiction. 

This is a work of fiction. The Characters are owned by CBS Television. And, frankly I'm just messing with Cannon. Discovery Season 2 sent Tilley into the distant future. Let's just assume she got back, got promoted and got assigned not to the Enterprise or the Intrepid, but to the Hood, the oldest Constitution class ship still active. 

These events take place in the days following the events in "The Lieutenant". It is not necessary to read that story first to follow this one.

This is a work of fantasy. Time is compressed. 

You'll find depictions of various sex acts between consenting adults, both of whom are over eighteen. The sex is varied and enthusiastic. It is decidedly NOT all Vanilla. You will find Non-Con, BDSM, Lesbian, Anal and Inter-species sex. Hold on tight; it's going to be a bumpy ride. If any of that bothers you, move on.

Thanks to Bumblecat for editing this story. Thanks to Justadesperatewifeandmom for reading the first draft, and ensuring no pugs were harmed in the telling of this story (it was a typo)..

So, grab some Green Saurian Brandy, and some Popcorn or Gaak and enjoy.

Please vote and leave a constructive comment or two. 

One: Lieutenant Tilley's quarters aboard the USS Hood.

Tilley was bored. The excitement of her mission on the Orion outpost lead to a great letdown.

She also was desperately horny. Between the Vulcan who was a Romulan and Watt's attention followed by two days of no sex at all, she was out of her mind.

Tilley removed her uniform and put it in the recycling chute. A fresh one appeared in the replicator. She touched it and turned her back on it.

Tilley regarded her naked image in the full-length mirror. She worked hard in the ship's gym, but still seemed in her mind to be too chubby. Then she reflected that a male Klingon, a male Romulan and a female Human had all wanted her on the same day. She turned to admire her backside, slapping it once. 

"Nice ass." she whispered.

"Why thank you," she said out loud, turning her front to the mirror. "And may I say, those tits are fucking gorgeous!" She cupped her full breasts and caressed them.

She let one go and allowed her hand to slip to her minge, covered on kinky red hair that matched her head. She gently brushed her fingers over her thick pelt. She decided that this might take a while and reclined on the bed.

Tilley caressed herself with both hands, exploring the geography of her ripe body. She felt the smoothness of her inner thighs and the muscles of her abdomen hiding under the softness of her belly. Her right hand came up under the fullness of her left breast while her left hand touched the top of the triangle of hair above her pussy. 

The hand on her pussy pulled back her hair to reveal an already damp slit. She tentatively ran a finger down and back up her full meaty lips, settling on the nub of her clitoris.

"Clitoris," she said aloud, invoking it like a spell.

"I do love that word," she said to nobody. She spread her lips and exposed her engorged clitoris, thinking the word again. She pinched her nipple with her other hand and tugged it, slowly increasing the tension on it.

"Oh my! That's intense!" she said, releasing her left nipple and awkwardly taking her right. 

She rubbed her button a little harder. She dipped into her wet slit for lubrication. The first felt good so she added a second finger, slowly pushing them in, reaching, searching for her center. She pulled her fingers out and raised them to her lips.

"Mmm," she said, licking them off. "Damn, I taste good. That Vulcan should have eaten my pussy. Well, Romulan. I wonder if that's a thing on Romulus?" she asked herself. She took a heavy breast in each hand and squeezed.

"Oh! Yes!" She let both hands slide down her body, pushing her thighs open roughly.

"I bet that's how a Klingon pushes a woman's legs open after throwing her on the bed! I wonder if they really have two dicks? Maybe a Klingon could fuck my ass and pussy at the same time. Wow that would be intense!"

Tilley rubbed her clitoris with one hand and fucked her pussy. The room was filled with Tilley's moaning and the wet sounds of enjoyment. As the orgasm took her, she cried out.

"Fuck yes! Fuck me with both your cocks you Klingon bastard! Double fill me with alien spunk!"

Her body spasmed then shook as the waves of pleasure washed over her. Her ragged breathing slowly returned to normal. She ran her wet fingers up her body, lingering on her belly and breasts. 

"Dammit I have nice tits!" she said, pinching her nipples again. 

"Ah!" She gasped aloud. 

"Computer?" she called out in a shaky voice.

"Working," came the flat mechanical reply.

"Replicate a dildo. No, wait. Replicate a vibrator."

"Specify," said the computer voice

"Twenty centimeters long. Four centimeters in diameter. Self-powered. Oh, better replicate a set of spare batteries. This might take a while."

Two: The Tal Shiar, Romulan Security Service Headquarters, on Romulus.

The Romulan Colonel looked at the agent before him. 

"Traask! What do you have to say for yourself?"

"Sir, I uh that is, um, nothing. I don't know why I am here."

"Traask, you are one of our most respected agents. You specialize in impersonations. Correct?"

"Yes, sir. I've done Vulcans, Humans, Andorians, even a Klingon once, but that was only by voice communication."

"You also impersonate individuals, including high ranking Federation personnel?"

"Sarek, Pike before his accident, Decker. A few others."

"Do you not take pride in your work?"

"Of course, sir."

"And yet, you insist on using your talents to seduce females of all races. You used an impression of a Starfleet Captain to bed a Bajoran a month ago. A Bajoran! Are you insane? They are mind readers!"

"You're thinking of Betazoids sir."

"Shut up Traask! Your most recent assignment was to go to that Orion trading post, set yourself up as a Vulcan dealer in antiquities, and then learn what you could from the secretive meetings that are going on there between various factions of the Federation and the Klingon Empire. 

"The post has been visited by four Star ships, most recently," he checked a computer screen. "NCC 1703, the Hood. Ah yes, Captain Dodge. The Hood chased one of our cruisers for almost a day before it got its cloaking device working. The Hood made warp eight!

"Back to you. Before we discuss your behavior, tell me what you found out at the Outpost," the Colonel said, frowning

"Yes, sir," Traask began. "Four starships, officially. A Federation freighter also showed up, took no cargo, left no cargo, didn't refuel. A little looking showed that she had smuggled in more than three dozen Federation officials. Mostly middle-managers, junior ensigns, that sort of thing. Oh, and a new Navigator for the Intrepid. Very odd. I assumed that meant the meetings were unimportant. Yet they remained secret. I engaged a Starfleet Ensign who was interested in my curios. He talked easily and mentioned that he didn't like it when his Captain was away from the ship for long periods because the First Officer was a hard driving taskmaster. A little more digging and I personally identified seven Starfleet Captains at the Outpost, without their ships."

"And there were others? Vulcans, Andorians, Tellurites, Betazoids, some others?" the Colonel asked.

"Yes sir. As I said, an odd mix of senior officials, junior people, and middle-manager types. They stayed for two weeks, then the Freighter returned and took the senior people and managers away. Some of the Juniors left on the Freighter, most left on the Hood," said Traask.

"We'll come back to the Hood shortly. What is your conclusion regarding your observations?"

"They are preparing for war," Traask stated confidently. "The Senior personnel are planning; the Managers are solidifying the supply lines and other logistics. That Juniors are there for final training. The promising ones left on the Freighter for Officer Training. The less skilled left on the Hood to be Disruptor fodder. I expect the Hood will lead the attack. The Klingons are here to pledge neutrality. For a price, I assume. A piece of the Neutral Zone perhaps."

The Colonel smiled. "Well done Traask. Our analysts agree. We are tracking the Hood. She is at Federation Starbase 12 and has been since she left the Outpost. We suspect she's being refitted to lead the attack."

"That sounds about right, sir," Traask began.

"So, given that Traask, tell me about the Vulcan Pon Farr?" the Colonel began angrily. "Tell me about S'kok? Tell me about the Lieutenant? Tell me WHAT IN THE NAME OF ALL THE GODS OF WAR WERE YOU THINKING WHEN YOU SEDUCED THAT FEDERATION BITCH! YOU CONCLUED WE WERE TO BE INVADED, AND YET YOU DECIDED TO TAKE TIME OUT TO FUCK AN ENEMY OF THE EMPIRE! WELL?"

"She was very attractive sir," Traask offered.

"Shut up Traask!" the Colonel spat at him. "You are a great agent. Master of disguise. You speak a dozen languages. You have proven that you can kill with or without a weapon. You think fast and seem to get out of impossible situations as a matter of course. You make that swaggering dickhead Kirk look like a cadet. You could already have my job, but you're too busy following your pecker! And, when you do, you make mistakes! Someone noticed that you were unusually calm and logical for a Vulcan suffering through the Pon Farr. And that name? A bad pun in an Earth language! And the saying is 'Live long and prosper'. You said 'profit' several times. To multiple people. You were noticed!"

"Yes sir, but, um, I, uh that is. Well, she had enormous tits sir."

"Somebody get me a Disruptor!" the Colonel roared at no one. "Traask you are on thin ice, as the Klingons on Rhura Penthe say. You have one chance for redemption. Go to Starbase 12, disguised as an Orion, and find out when and where the attack will begin. Get to sickbay for your disguise surgery and be back here first thing tomorrow morning. And this time, NO FUCKING!"

"Yes sir. Just to be clear, is a blowjob still ok?"

"Get out Traask!" The Colonel was seething but remembered one last thing for Traask. "Wait! One more piece of information. We can't break the Federation code, but we did manage to get the name of a second ship. Every Freighter, warship, science ship, mining ship and garbage scow in the Imperial fleet is looking for it. Watch for it, it seems to be important. It gets mentioned even more than the Hood or the Enterprise."

"And its name sir?"

"The Kobayashi Maru, Captain Kojiro Vance. Good luck Traask."

Three: Aboard the USS Hood, NCC1703, at Starbase 12. Captain William Dodge's conference room. 

Dodge was bone tired. 

For two weeks he did nothing but run Kobayashi Maru scenarios. Eight a day for fourteen days, evaluations every night until all 112 candidates were ranked. Then the results had to be presented to each candidate. Now he was ferrying half of them to every ship in Starfleet. Each and every one of them took it personally. The whole idea of a no-win scenario is that everyone fails. 

Well, everyone but that swaggering smug bastard back at the Academy in San Francisco he thought. He was so full of himself afterwards. Right up until that little incident, Dodge himself had been at the head of the class. Now his rival was aboard the Federation's Flagship. And Dodge was aboard an older, slower ship held together by duct tape and a good Chief Engineer.

As if on cue, Chief Engineer Jane Watt entered without knocking.

"Jeez Bill, you look like shit!" she said in a broad Scottish brogue.

"Just tired Jane. What's up?" he answered.

"The Klingon Ambassador just arrived. The ship is docking now. He'll demand your presence after he beams over. That will be in an hour or so. Full dress uniform. Sorry. I know you're still more comfortable in coveralls from your Engineering days," she said, touching the collar of her own coveralls.

"I guess I'd better get dressed then," said the Captain as he stood.

"First," began Watt, taking down her own zipper, "you have to get undressed." She kicked off her boots and stepped out of her coveralls naked. Her long, slender muscular body was adorned with tattoos from every ship she had served on: The Hood across her flat belly. The Intrepid on her left breast. The Potemkin on her left butt cheek, the Defiant on her right. The Constellation on her right shoulder. Barely visible at the top of her pussy hair was "Scotty". She had stopped shaving to cover it.

"Jane, we don't have time for this!" Dodge said as she removed his gold "Command" shirt. Dodge's torso was tattooed with scars from Romulan disruptor fire and a Klingon bhat'leth (a drunken dare from an Enterprise Navigator with a love of ancient weapons).

"You can't meet a Klingon when you're tense. You'll just get him mad!" Watt stepped back. "Besides, don't you want to fuck me?" She ran her hands up her body, lingering on her small, firm breasts. She pinched her prominent nipples.

Dodge felt his member betraying his answer.

"Well, if you can't decide, I need your tongue in my pussy right now." Watt grabbed Dodge's shoulders and forced him to his knees. It didn't take much. She took his head in both hands and pressed it roughly against her damp slit.

"Eat me Bill! Eat me like you mean it! Fuck me with your tongue, Laddie! If you do a good enough job tongue fucking me, I'll let you fuck me with your cock!"

Dodge grabbed a handful of her tight ass in each hand and pulled her to him. He devoured her, moving rapidly from her clitoris to her lips to her core and back around. 

"Fuck! Come on dammit! Eat me! Suck on my clit! Taste me. Ah!" She screamed with delight as Dodge's tongue pushed deep in her wetness. Watt ground her crotch into his face. 

Dodge pulled one ass cheek open as he released the other, allowing him access to her brown eye. He pressed the opening to her back passage until he felt her shudder and her knees buckled slightly.

"No Bill. Not now! Please! Oh, yes dammit, fuck my asshole with a finger! Do it before I change my- oh yes! Fuck! That's good. I want your hard meat in my cunt while you finger my ass. Doggy? Yes!"

Watt wriggled out of Dodge's grasp and got on all fours on the floor. Dodge moved behind her, lubricating a finger in her wet pussy and slowly pushing it into her ass as he guided his stiff cock into her wet slit. 

Watt couldn't stay still under Dodge's relentless fucking and wiggled and writhed under him. 

"Fuck my ass now Bill. Ram your cock in my butt hole. Do it now!"

Dodge pulled his cock from her slit. "Computer, replicate some anal lubricant and beam it to my right hand."

A small puddle of lube appeared in his hand. He slicked up his dick and gave his old friend what she wanted. He pushed slowly against her tight brown eye, but Watt wanted more.

"Get. Your. Dick. Inside. Me. Now!" she said pushing back against him, so his cock slipped into her ass.

"Fuck me hard Billy Boy! Oh Gawd. It's been so long since you fucked my ass!" 

"Four days" Dodge thought but did not say. He was too busy pumping a huge load up the ass of his Chief Engineer.

Four: Romulus, Tal Shiar Headquarters, Traask prepares

Traask entered the Colonel's office. He was green all over, dressed in a skimpy outfit of loose pants, sandals and a small vest, showing off his muscular physique. 

"I'm ready, sir. I think they did a very good job," he said, spinning so the Colonel could see the results.

"Yes. You look exactly like Orion Scum. Well done. Your associate should, ah here she is," the Colonel said, looking behind Traask.

A female Orion "slave girl" entered, dressed even more scantily than Traask. Her large breasts were barely contained by the bikini top, and her skirt was slit from the floor to her navel. She moved like a cat.

"Traask, I believe you have worked with Centurion Jemar before?"

"Yes," Jemar interrupted. "Because of him, I was unable to kidnap the Andorian High Commander. He was too busy chasing human pussy."

"Well, because of you I was unable to uh, interrogate Kirk's Yeoman."

"You mean I prevented you from fucking her?" Jemar asked.

"ENOUGH!" roared the Colonel. "Traask, you are under the Centurion for this mission." Realizing what he had said, the Colonel quickly amended that to "You will answer to Jemar for this mission. No fucking unless it is relevant to the mission. Sex is a weapon. Use it wisely."

"Yes, sir!" they said together.

"Good, your slave names are 'Meln" for you Traask and 'Obelion' for you Jemar. Your transport is an Orion freighter modified to suit the mission. She's heavily armed and has a cloaking device. Good luck. Now go."

Meln and Obelion turned and left without saluting, immersed in their characters.

Five: Starbase 12; Female Klingon Ambassador

Dodge sat in the chair at the table in his Ready Room, in full dress uniform, waiting. Watt sat nearby out of view of the screen, along with the Science officer, an Andorian named Scrat, and the First Officer, a human named O'Doul who was generally agreed to be the densest officer in Starfleet. 

The husky voice of the Communications Officer broke in "Klingon Ambassador on the screen for you sir."

The screen slowly revealed the image of a Klingon female with dark skin, subdued ridges, and long dirty blonde hair. She also sat far enough back from the screen to reveal a vast expanse of deep cleavage.

"Captain Dodge, so nice to see you. I am L'Brean, ambassador from the Klingon Empire to The United Federation of Planets. I bring greetings from the Chancellor."

"Welcome to Starbase 12 Your Excellency. Your crew may have the freedom of the Station for the duration of your stay. I trust your quarters are satisfactory?" said the Captain, stiffly.

"I am impressed Captain. Bloodwine? Here? A very welcoming touch," she replied. "I will expect you here in, um, your clocks confuse me, four hour's time. You may bring a security detail along with your Diplomatic people. We will review the written agreement and be sure it is correct, sign it and celebrate with a joining," she said.

"A joining, Your Excellency? What is a Joining?" 

"On Earth you shake hands to show you are unarmed, yes? On Kronos, we reveal that we are happy to be vulnerable. We, what is your word? Ah, we fuck," she explained.

"Fuck, Excellency?" Dodge asked, nervously, looking at his officers. Watt shrugged, putting her right index finger through a circle of her left index finger and thumb. Scrat was still staring at the Ambassador's tits. O'Doul was looking out a window, at a clear view of the white expanse of the station's hull. Dodge turned back to the screen, sweating a bit.

"Yes, you put your cock in my wet hot Klingon cunt and fuck me. Be thankful I am female." She smiled. "Four hours Dodge." She broke the connection.

The room was silent for a few seconds, then Watt burst out laughing, joined by Scrat.

"Sorry Bill, but you're going to be fucking that Klingon Bitch. Good luck laddie!"

"Remember, that 'Klingon Bitch' is the Ambassador. Chances are we'll be fucking her. I've heard about these things; I just didn't believe it. You know, Jim gets a few Romulan Ales in him and starts bragging about all the women he's had."

Dodge looked around the room, "Scrat, Watt, full dress uniforms in Transporter room 2 in half an hour before the deadline. O'Doul, head to the Hydroponics lab and see how our supply of Brussels Sprouts is. We may have to have her over here, and that's the only earth food they like. Now Commander!" O'Doul rushed out.

"Brussels Sprouts, Bill? I didn't know they liked them," Watt started.

"Nobody likes Brussels Sprouts Jane. Don't be late you two. Bring Tilley, Doc Edwards and Ensign Ricky. Send Doc and Tilley to see me first. Go!"
