 I had seen my two aunts just once in my life and that was when they came back east for my mother's funeral. I was very unimpressed with them. They looked exactly like the type of country women that they were. The only thing missing from their attire were the sunbonnets that plains women are always shown wearing. The skin on their faces showed the ravages of years and years of exposure to bright sunlight and their hands were rough and calloused. Needless to say, I didn't spend a great deal of time in their company. As a result, I knew very little about them or their lives. So, the news of their sudden deaths and the summons from their local lawyer came as a tremendous surprise. The biggest surprise however, was the fact that they had left everything they owned to me! I had known that they were comfortably off, but, imagine my surprise when I found that they were both multi-millionaires! I wasted very little time in quitting my job and I began what I thought would become a life-long vacation.

Part of my legacy was some kind of country lodge. The Lodge at Murdock Crossing, to be more specific. I had no idea where or what that establishment was so, when the lawyer suggested that I take some time and drive out west and look this place over, I jumped at the chance. Little did I know that this damned lodge was almost clear across the country!

Now, here I was, hot and tired and driving through some of the most barren country I had ever seen. Even though this was an inter-state highway, I hadn't encountered much traffic and I had not seen a single tree for what seemed to be an eternity. Finally, some sign of civilization appeared. It was a sign and it read:

MURDOCK CROSSING

20 mi.

I breathed a sigh of relief for the end of my journey was at last in sight. As interested as I was in finding this God-forsaken place, I damned near missed it! As I was roaring along, I almost over looked another sign. This one was smaller than the first and it said:

MURDOCK CROSSING

And it had an arrow pointing to the right. I tromped on my brakes and swung into a dirt road. Almost at once, I found myself crossing a two-lane country bridge that had definitely seen better days. I stopped at approximately the mid-point of the bridge and looked in both directions. There was not a drop of water to be seen anywhere! I mused to myself, "No water so why the bridge?" After another few minutes of concentrated thought, I gave up on that problem and started on over the bridge. So far, there were no people or buildings to be seen. During my drive, I had been more or less mesmerized by the constant vision of brown scenery so that I had failed to realize that there were mounds in what I thought was perfectly flat land. As a result, the actual buildings of Murdock Crossing came into sight rather suddenly. If you have ever seen a B-class western movie, you have seen Murdock Crossing! The only things missing were the horses, the hitching posts and the wagons. Once more, I had to step on my brakes rather abruptly or I would have gone past the, 'MURDOCK CROSSING Café.'

Then, I received yet another surprise. Admittedly, the so-called parking lot for the café wasn't very large, but I had to drive around it three times before I located a spot in which to park my car! As I stepped out of my car, I couldn't help but stare at the other cars in the lot. They all sported out-of-state license plates! Some of those cars were from as far away as my home state! The surprises were not over, however. As I stepped into the café, I saw that there weren't any males present. The whole lot of customers were all female!

A Pleasant looking, bosomy woman came out from behind the lunch counter with what I took to be a menu in her hand. She gestured for me to follow her as she led to a table off to one side.

"Our lunch menu features country-fried steak and hash browns. It's pretty good if I do say so myself."

She made no attempt to hand me the menu so I assumed that I had a choice of one.

"That sounds good. I'll have that. With some iced tea. Driving out here can really make your throat dry."

Without any answer, she turned and walked away in the direction of what I took to be the kitchen. They must have cooked up a whole side of beef for she wasn't gone but a minute when she came back with a heaping plate of meat and potatoes. I knew that I could never eat all of that, but, it did smell good, so I thought I'd eat what I could. Once she put the plate down onto the table, she stood alongside the table -- obviously waiting for some sort of comment from me.

"For being this far off the road, you seem to get a good crowd."

"Yeah, we do. You plannin' to drive on this afternoon?"

"No, I'm planning to stop at the lodge. There is a lodge, isn't there?"

"Sure that's what all these gals are here for. If'n I were you, I wouldn't dilly-dally too long or there won't be any rooms available in the lodge. Do you know where it is?" I shook my head. "Well, in that case, turn left when you leave here and go about four miles thata way." She pointed in the direction that I had been heading when I entered this excuse for a town. Then, she added, "See that redhead over there?" Again, I nodded. ""She's driving the yellow Caddy and she's going to the lodge same as you. Jes' follow along behind her and you can't miss the place."

Since I didn't know just how soon that woman would be leaving, I scoffed down as much of my meal as I could stand so that I was ready to leave as she got up to go. I did drink all of the iced tea because my throat felt as though I had been hiking across the Sahara desert all morning. Then, as the other women got ready to leave, I rose, paid my bill and prepared to follow them. Just as I reached the door, the chesty waitress came up to me and said,

"If you are plannin' on staying the night at the lodge, ask them for a room in the guest cottages. That way, you can get your bearings and a good night's rest."

Before I could even speak to her, she turned and was gone. I couldn't try to follow her for an explanation for the caravan of cars was already pulling out of the parking lot. I got in my car, started it up and roared out after the others. They weren't racing, but they weren't dawdling along either. In a very short while, the string of cars began turning off the road and onto a dirt path that passed for a driveway.

MY first glimpse of the lodge was a shocker. It was definitely an antebellum mansion and, although it had been very well maintained, it still looked like a southern mansion right out of the Civil War. The train of cars pulled into the parking lot and stopped. All of the other women headed up onto the huge veranda and went in through the front door. A small battalion of females came from around the side of the house and began unloading baggage from the cars.

"You stayin' the night?"

I jumped in surprise for a youngish woman I had not seen had stuck her head through the passenger window and was addressing me.

"Yes, I am. That is if there are any rooms available."

"I don't handle that. The registration desk is straight inside. They can tell you. I'll wait here with your luggage until they decide what they are going to do with you."

All of the people I had met spoke as though they only had a limited number of words in their vocabulary and they weren't about to waste any of them. 

A very pleasant-looking woman came forward to meet me as I entered the foyer.

"Good afternoon. Welcome to the Lodge at Murdock Crossing. Do you have a reservation?"

"No, I'm afraid that I don't. I never thought that would be necessary."

"Oh, yes. The lodge is almost always completely booked. Do you wish to stay the night? If you do, I think I can find you a room in one of our guest cottages. Would that be suitable?"

"Yes, certainly. I'm tired of driving and I'd like a nice restful night."

As I said this, she gave me a really queer look before turning and heading towards the registration desk.

"Name?"

"Jenny Malloy. I'm from Philadelphia."

"We really don't need all of that information although I would like to see a driver's license or some other picture ID. If you will just sign here, the girl will show you to your room." And that was it! I was registered for the night!

The room I was to occupy was done up in a turn-of-the-century western motif. It wasn't exactly my thing, but it was nice nonetheless. At least it was clean. Very clean. I had seen a couple of women sitting out on what passed for a porch so, rather than begin unpacking, I thought I would try to start a conversation in the hope of getting some idea of the lay of the land.

"Hello. I'm Jenny. I have just arrived and it looks like we will be sharing this bungalow together."

"I'm Paula and this is Carol."

"You are not from around here?"

"No, I'm from Chicago and Carol is from Texas."

"Like me, you have had a long drive."

"Oh, we didn't drive. Our husbands flew us here in our family planes!"

That announcement floored me. These women must represent a lot of wealth in order to have their own airplanes. Even though I was not exactly penniless, I decided not to pursue that line of questioning any further.

"What sort of place is this? Is it all that good that you would fly halfway across America to get here?"

They both looked at me as if I were crazy. Then, Paula spoke, 

"You are obviously new to the lodge. How did you hear about this place?"

"Oh, I was driving cross-country to California and, when I saw the sign on the road, I just knew that I was too tired to dive any further. So, here I am. From the looks of this place, I should be able to get a good night's sleep."

Whatever I had said must have been funny for both of them burst out laughing.

"Honey, we are going home for that very reason! To get a good night's sleep."

I couldn't follow her meaning so I just stared like a dumb-struck idiot.

"Carol, do you think we should let her in on the secret or let her find out for herself?"

"Oh, Paula. Tell her, of course. Don't you remember how confused we were that first night? Go on. Help out this damsel in distress."

I couldn't fathom any of this and I certainly didn't feel like a, 'damsel in distress'. So, I waited.

"Carol, should I go all the way back to the curse?"

"Sure. Otherwise nothing will make any sense. Not that it does, anyway!"

"Okay. Here goes. Honey, you had better sit down. This will take some time in the telling." I found a chair and pulled it over next to where they were sitting. "This is the story as it was first told to me. Way back, in the late 1800's, there was an army major by the name of Murdock and he was leading a troop of soldiers on a mission to fight the Indians. It was mid-spring and that dry stream bed was running full of winter run-off. The soldiers couldn't get across so the few settlers who lived on this side of the river got there horses and wagons and ferried the troops across the river. The troops were camped on the hill where the lodge sets today. One of the settlers told the major that the Indians were going to attack them either that night or the next day so, he positioned his troops and waited. Sure enough, the Indians attacked and, since the troops were ready for them, they were mowed down. Every last man jack of them. However, one of them was the tribe's medicine man and -- so the story goes -- as he lay there dying, he put a curse on Major Murdock, his men and this place. As I was told, that old Indian told them that, from that time on, all of their men would become incompetent and -- this is the good part -- their women would grovel at the feet of his dead warriors and beg for their manhood! How do you like that?"

"Well, I guess that makes a good story, but I fail to see it's relevance to today."

Carol broke in and picked up the story. "Aw, honey. You obviously don't know that the lodge is haunted! Yes sirree, to this very day. The ghosts of those dead Indians haunt the rooms of the lodge! Oh, I can see that you don't believe me, but we'll both swear to the fact that it is true!"

"Carol is exactly right. In fact, this place should be named the, 'female's fantasy palace'. Honey, I can see that Carol and I have lost you and you probably won't believe what I am about to tell you, but, on the grave of my mother, I swear that it is the truth. Those dead Indian braves each haunt a particular room every night and they have their way with whichever female is assigned to that room. They don't just have sex with the female guests, but, somehow, they know what each woman's favorite sex fantasy is and they act it out! FOR ALL NIGHT! That's why Carol and I have to go home to get some rest! We are past the stage of groveling for this visit."

I could only gasp in amazement. Fortunately, I was saved by a young woman who announced dinner. I looked at Paula with a question in my eyes.

"First off, honey. There ain't no men here. Leastways, none that spend the night. And, because of the night-time frolicking with the ghosts, the lodge has a crazy eating schedule and dinner comes early. That's so the women can get a short nap before the sexual onslaught. The routine here is the reverse of what might have been your normal daily routine. You sleep and eat during the day and you ....well...you grovel all night! Believe me, it is great fun! Look. I can see that you think that we are just two middle-aged females who have gone off their rockers, but I have one final suggestion for you. Tonight, sometime after dark, sneak up close to the lodge and listen to the sounds coming from the throats of the female guests. Then, tell me those aren't the sounds of fucking! Oh, hell. You'll just have to see for yourself. Come on, Carol. It's practically time for dinner."

I watched in surprise as both women rose and began waddling off in the direction of the lodge. And, 'waddling' is an apt description for the manner in which both of them were walking. Both of them had bellies that made them look as though they were several months pregnant! What's more, they hadn't gone but a very few yards when I saw their hands surreptitiously slide downwards into their crotches and an agitated rubbing ensued. The last thing I heard them say wasn't directed at me, but was about me.

Carol said, "Just wait until that snooty female gets a taste of spirit balm! Her whole life will be changed forever!"

I followed the two of them into the lodge and ate my dinner. I was surprised by not only the number of women at the lodge, but, also, by the number of middle-aged and older women who -- if I believed Paula and Carol -- were preparing for a wild, riotous night of sexual adventures with the resident ghosts.

I returned to my assigned room and tried to rest. Unfortunately, my body and my psyche were both still on east coast time so I woke up rather early in the morning. In fact, the sun hadn't risen yet. As I lay in my bed luxuriating in the peace and quiet, I recalled things that Carol and Paula had told me. I had no doubt that they were just having some innocent fun at the expense of a newcomer. Still, they both seemed so sincere in what they were telling me. Finally, I could stand the suspense no longer so I slid out of bed, slid my feet into my slippers and tippy-toed across the intervening space between the guest cottages and the main lodge.

DAMN! They were right! As I approached the lodge, the noises I heard coming out of the open windows were patently the sounds of women being fucked and enjoying every bit of it! I crept around to the front door and was somewhat astounded to see it standing wide open. Then, I chuckled to myself for, who on earth would try to rob a haunted house? I stepped inside and the sex sounds became louder. I crossed the foyer and went up the stairs to the second floor. Once more, I was astonished to see that most of he doors to the rooms were open so that I was able to easily see what was going on inside them.

I stopped at the first open door and peered around the door jam. There was no artificial light in the room, but there was an almost unearthly glow surrounding the area about the bed. I could not restrain my gasp! There, in the center of the room, was a tall, slender woman. She was standing as though she had been crucified! Her head was thrown back and her arms were outstretched to their very limits. Her legs were spread so far apart that she was almost doing an airborne split! But, what really threw me for a loop, was the fact that her feet were at least three feet off the floor! That woman was suspended in the air!

That something was penetrating her body through her cunt was obvious for I could see her twitch and her hips were grinding like those of a burlesque queen. I could see a definite wave-like action move through her belly area in time with each bumping of her hips. It was equally obvious that something had emerged through her mouth for that, too, showed the effects of something pushing out through her mouth! I knew this wasn't possible, but the whole movement gave me the impression that something or someone was fucking this woman and whatever they were using to penetrate her body was long enough and pliable enough to span the distance from her cunt to her mouth! It just couldn't be! Still, the evidence was right in front of my eyes! I stood there transfixed when suddenly her torso began the tell-tale shuddering and clenching that foretold a climax. Whatever was controlling her body initiated a swirling motion and she began twirling in the air! It was as if she were mounted on some kind of huge wheel. All the while, the waves through her belly continued to progress up along her body. The biggest surprise was yet to come. MY GOD! THAT WOMAN IS SEVEN OR EIGHT MONTHS PREGNANT! 

I found myself backing away from this grotesque sight. Then, when I turned around to proceed further along the corridor, I saw yet another open door. There was a woman in the room, only she was not standing. Rather, she was kneeling on all fours -- only her hands and knees, like the instance of that first woman, were not on solid ground! They were completely off the floor! As I stared into her unresponsive face, I noted that the lips of her mouth were formed into an oval shape and that her lips were being pushed inwardly into her mouth. Her hands looked to be gripping something in front of her face and this something was obviously being pushed into her mouth. Then, it dawned upon me! She was sucking a huge, invisible cock! Then, as she was slowly maneuvered around so that I was seeing her puckered hole, I saw that it, too, showed definite signs of being pushed outward by this huge, unseen cock! I could not ignore the movement of the edges of her puckered hole. What was more alarming was that I could actually see into her ass! Her hole was as big as the base of a wine bottle! The edges of this grotesque hole were pulsating as though something was passing in and out of her. She was sucking on the biggest cock I had ever seen. Then, of course, I realized that I couldn't really see this one! This woman, like the first one I had seen, was totally impaled and the cock that was impaling her ran completely through her body! I could only stand there and stare at this wild scene.

I finally regained enough of my composure that I could back out of that room. I fled down the hall towards another open door. I glanced in and saw that this room was empty. Just then, something took over control of my body. I couldn't feel hands upon me, but I knew that I couldn't move nor escape! I could only go in the direction that this unseen force wanted me to go. Abruptly, I was forced into a kneeling position and, like the other female, neither my hands nor my feet were touching the floor! I sensed a force grasping my buttocks and moving them further and further apart. Ghostly thumbs pried my ass hole open and I suddenly knew what was in store for me.
