 Slowly I open my heavy lids. The world is a swirling blur and my stomach lurches sickeningly with the motion.

Then reality begins to penetrate the fog in my mind; I sense an unpleasant chill on my skin and at precisely the same instant I realise that my legs are cramping. I try to shift them into a more comfortable position but they won't move. 

Panic sets in and my adrenaline surges. With that, my vision clears. 

My head rears up and whips around. I have no idea where I am, but I know that I am lying on a tall, oddly-shaped table that supports my torso then splits near my hips. 

By craning my neck I can see that my legs are cramping because my thighs are splayed apart nearly 180 degrees and wide leather straps encase my knees, keeping them pressed against the table.

The chill I felt when I first regained consciousness is because I'm naked from the waist down and my pussy is gaping obscenely; pulled apart by rubber-tipped metal claps tethered to my knee restraints.

I try to understand what's happening, but absolutely nothing makes sense.

My last memory is sitting on the carpet in Sir's living room, my back against the sofa facing the hearth and warming my feet in front of the flames. I'd been testing Sir's patience all day with little jabs and I'd delighted in watching him inhale deeply several times, clearly working hard at not losing patience. 

I took a sip of my drink then put it down on the floor beside me. With a sly glance sideways my hand snuck downwards, fingers pushing into my underwear and starting to tease my clit. 

"No!" you barked. "What part of abstinence punishment for constantly disobeying do you not understand?" 

You ripped my hand from between my legs but I simply waved the other one, pushed it back down to my clit and said with a giggle: "You forgot my left hand."

You froze over me. "Whose body is that?" you asked in a flat, quiet tone that I'd never heard before, but I wasn't concerned - I was looking forward to the spanking I guessed was coming.

"Yours, of course, Sir," I said as my fingers continued to rub lazy circles around that exquisitely sensitive little nub. My hand surged deeper as I plunged three fingers into my soaking pussy, then pulled them out to resume the maddening clit tease. 

It was just seconds later, I recalled, that darkness began to narrow my vision to a pinprick. As the world faded I heard you murmur: "You insolent, disobedient little slut. I knew you'd try my patience to breaking point eventually; it's time you learnt to behave."

Now I'm strapped to this bizarre table in the centre of a large, sterile white room that appears to have no doors. I'm under searing lights and my head is throbbing. 

My rock, my anchor, my Sir steps next to me and smiles and I look up at him with wide, hurt eyes. "Poor baby; how are you feeling? Don't worry; this will be over soon." 

Tears begin to roll down the sides of my face. I'm bewildered and I'm suddenly furious at this huge betrayal by the person I trust most in the world. I inhale deeply to scream obscenities at Sir, but a portion of one wall slides back just as my mouth opens into a wide "O" and a man in scrubs, gloves and surgical mask strides in.

"Does she understand the process?" he asks Sir.

"I'm just about to tell her, but why don't you start in the meantime," is the reply. 

"Start what?" I shout. Sir's hand clamps over my mouth as the other man steps between my legs.

"You might want to stop being a brat for a change and listen," Sir says sternly. "Trust me; you're going to want to hear this. Firstly, you're in BD Research's lab." 

I cry out as a cold instrument enters my pussy and begins to spin fast. 

"That thing inside that feels like a fat dildo isn't a toy. It's actually rubbing a test compound into the walls of your pussy and they'll get numb soon, then the feeling should spread to you clit," Sir tells me.

"It's specifically designed to train undisciplined, bratty subs like you how to behave appropriately. Today you're going to lose feeling in the places you love teasing most, but ironically you also have this lab to thank for much of the pleasure you've enjoyed from all those interesting toys at home. 

"Good girls get rewarded; bad girls get...well...this."

Sir laughs and for once, I have no response. My throat constricts and the tears flow faster.

Within a minute it's all over, the big instrument is withdrawn from deep within my pussy and with horror I realise I can't feel my clit. 

"Is the code all set?" Sir asks the lab technician. 

"Test it," he says, smiling as he steps back. 

In 'that' voice Sir tells me: "The compound wears off in a month and if you've learnt to behave by then, fine. If not, we'll be back here. Oh...two other small things..."

You tap your phone screen. A second later my impossibly spayed hips buck as warm pleasure courses through my pussy and clit. It's a constant wave, not building, and I moan. 

Sir asks: "Do you want to cum?"

I shout: "Yes!" and, a finger pushes up the screen. The pleasure is tenfold and an intense orgasm builds.

A second before it crests stinging heat in my clit turns my groans to a scream. It feels like a frenzied attack from an invisible crop. 

"Oh dear; did that hurt and did you stop cumming? How do you properly ask for permission slut? I can make you scream all day if I like, and I can make it hurt more," Sir warns.

"Please Sir? May I cum?" I whisper. A finger taps the phone screen again.

With a wide, satisfied grin Sir watches my pussy contracting over and over again around the most intense orgasm I've ever experienced. My body convulses so hard that the clamps holding my labia agape fly off and swing to the floor.

I'm just catching my first breath afterwards when Sir's fingers slide into me. 

"Soaking wet little slut; see what happens when you ask politely? Good girl!"

Then Sir's fingers pull out and still wet, tap the phone again. The next wave starts building deep inside my pussy.

"I can do this anytime, from anywhere in the world for the next month. Or I can do this..." and stinging pain flames through my groin.

Tap. Pleasure. Tap. Pain. Tap. Pleasure...

My entire world is reduced to the sensations pulsating through my pussy so hard that I can feel them vibrating straight through slick, gushing walls and vibrating deep inside my ass. 

My hips buck uncontrollably and I beg like I've never begged before; pleading with Sir for permission to cum again. 

With a tap of the phone screen the pulses slowly fade and warmth floods through my body.

With calm eyes I look up at Sir then sweep my glance downwards submissively. 

I smile shyly, with just a hint of naughtiness tugging at the corners of my mouth, and I whisper: "Sir, I believe you're going to have 29 days of bliss followed by a day of hell. And if you won't bring me back here my final transgression of the 30th day will be to strap you in the car and drive you myself!

"So exactly how much battery charge do you still have in your phone...?"