 Tabitha Pennington was a young lady of the 2,000s and didn't believe in fairies or leprechauns, or pixies or even Hobbits, although she was an avid fan of "Lord Of The Rings". She had been raised in Humble, Texas, but had commuted to work in Houston for Pineco Petroleum after graduating from North Harris County College over in Kingwood. 

Being a sophisticated modern girl, she was amused at first when Harriet said it must have been the little people if the milk jug was lower or a scone was missing from the platter the next morning.

Soon Tabitha would laugh and say something like, "It must be those damn little people again." when she couldn't find her keys or a favorite blouse or the battery on her laptop was low.

"Please don't make fun Miss Tabitha," Harriet always said when Tabitha laughed, "the little people will get offended."

"But if they are so little, what could they do, so why worry about them?" Tabitha would laugh again, but sometime in the bed late at night before she went to sleep she would wonder at the odd sounds in the old cottage.

Tabitha had been the office manager for Pineco Petroleum when John decided to open a branch office in London. John Cowen, the president of Pineco, had come to Houston to work for the old Humble Oil Company in the 70s. He had always planned to return to his old family home in Shepherd's Bush, England after he had a company of his own established and operating well enough to move the headquarters to London. Shepherd's Bush is just west of London and only a short commute by train to London. 

John had arranged for Harriet O'Bryan, his father's housekeeper to continue living at the cottage after his father died 1n 2001. He paid her a small salary, paid all the household expenses and even kept the larder full. She attended to the maintenance and upkeep of the small estate so when John made an occasional business trip to London he could walk in the door and it was just like he never left.

John had called Tabitha into his office 6 months earlier and laughing ask what she would give to manage the new London office. Without a word she got up and walked to the office door. She closed and locked the door and walked back around behind his chair. She pulled the chair back and stepped between him and the desk. She slowly worked her blouse up over her head and dropped it on the corner of the desk. Then she reached behind her and unhooked her bra, slipped it off and laid it on top of the blouse.

Her breasts swung forward as she bent over and griped the arms of his chair. The swollen pink nipples were only inches from his face when she answered.

"I'm sure we could find something you would like." She whispered. John bent forward and sucked one nipple between his lips just before his hand found the other one. She reached back under her skirt and started working her bikini panties off of her hips as he suckled. She kicked the panties away and spread her legs so his hand could slip into the dark valley and find the hidden nubbin of pleasure. 

Tabitha felt the waves of pleasure drawing her closer to an orgasm and pushed herself back against the desk. "I'm sorry John," she said, "I couldn't take much more of that."

She put her hands on the desk behind her and lifted herself up so she was sitting on the edge of the desk in front of him. John scooted the chair forward when she pulled the skirt up and spread her legs wide. John's head dipped forward and kissed her inner thighs up to her swollen vulva. Then she lay back on the desk exposing everything to his lips and questing tongue as he explored every little nook and cranny before he sucked the swollen clit between his lips and tortured it with his tongue as his hands slipped up to find her nipples. It didn't take long for the messages from the different areas to merge into one continuous orgasm that shorted out every part of her brain except the pleasure center. As the French say, "The little death".

John was still slowly tonguing the inner lips when her head cleared. She put her feet against the chair and pushed it and John away from her. She rose up and slipped off the desk to kneel on the carpet between his knees. She reached over and pulled his zipper down. Then she reached inside and pulled his soft flaccid dick out into the open. She took the soft dick in one hand and began moving the loose skin back and forth while her other hand unbuckled his belt and unfastened the waist band of his pants.. She slid her hand up under his shirttail and slowly worked it up to his chest where her fingers found his tight little nipples and started fondling them and added little tweaks now and then.

John's wife had been secretly glad when his dick first refused to get hard no matter how much he tried. She had never enjoyed sex and only coldly submitted to his advances as her wifely duty. And, she wouldn't even think about submitting to any kind of perverted sex. It was either use it in the missionary position if he just had to do it or do without.

John remembered the doctor telling him, that one of the side effects of the prescription that controls high blood pressure was that it also kill the ability to have sex in the normal way. 

"The medication will lower your blood pressure to a safe level, however it will also keep the pressure from increasing enough to fill your dick and make it hard, but it will be much more preferable then having a stroke. You can still enjoy an orgasm as well as always, but you will have to find other methods to make it happen." 

Still, John had a difficulty time believing it was actually happening to him in his early fifties. The medication hadn't reduced his desire for sex or his ability to enjoy it. It was just that his dick wouldn't get hard enough to push it into anything tight enough to do any good. There was other ways to get off, but his wife wouldn't do any of them if he put a gun to her head.

Tabitha knew John's problem and really enjoyed easing his problem. She had no desire to get married and since he was married, he was safe to play around with. Besides, she had always heard that sucking up to the boss was the way to get ahead. The tremendous feeling of power over the boss as he respond to her every touch until she was ready to give him an earth shaking orgasm.

Playing with his dick had firmed it up a little and by now he was breathing raggedly but his dick still bent like a wet noodle if she pushed against it as she fondled it. 

She recognized the signals and pushed the foreskin back tight as she bent forward and sucked the whole thing into her hot wet mouth. John uttered a loud moan and his hips began a small pumping motion as her tongue tormented the ridge around the head. His hands clasp her head as she tongued and sucked and bobbed up and down on his slightly firmer dick. She let his hands guide her head anyway he wanted, as he got closer to exploding. There wasn't much danger of getting choked on a soft dick only 5 inches long. 

John's whole body shook uncontrollably as bursts of cum shot from his dick. When he began relaxing, Tabitha worked and sucked even harder until he began trying to push her away as the nerve endings went into overdrive and feelings of pleasure begin changing to pain. 

"If I was the manager in the London office," she said, "you could stay in my apartment when you fly over to visit the office and we could have an enjoyable time during your visit." She said with a sweet smile after she sat back on her heels.

"No, not in your apartment Miss Manager of the London office, one of the perks of your new job is that you will be living in my small estate in Shepherd's Bush, on the western edge of London. You would also have the services of Mrs. Harriet O'Bryan who is the housekeeper and also the cook when someone is staying there. Harriet has been with the family for near 30 years.

Tabitha had been living in the cottage for 6 months when at breakfast, she ask Harriet to sit down a moment. "I have a serious question for you. I know a lot people here in England and in Ireland talk about the little people like they are in the next room or at least somewhere near by, but do you really believe there is any such thing as the little people?"

"Miss Tabitha, I've never seen one, but me old mum told me many stories about the little people. Country people who are reared in this part of the world have known about them for a thousand years and gave then a proper amount of respect and observe the ancient customs as many have for hundreds of years."

"I'm sorry Harriet, but in the States we just never heard of such things except in children's fairy tales. I didn't realize it could be a serious thing over here. You mentioned ancient customs, is there really every any kind of actual contact between the little people and big people?"

"Me old mum always said there is. She said that if you show them the proper respect and do them a kindness, they will do little things for people."

Tabitha thought about it at work that day and that evening at supper she ask, "Harriet, this morning you mentioned that if you show the little people the proper respect and do them a kindness, they will do things for the regular people. Just what did people used to do for the little people."

"After pap died mom used to set a saucer with a scone and bowl of milk on the floor just outside her bedroom door. She said that showed them who was being kind to them and they would do little things for you."

"Did you ever do it yourself?"

"I did once when I was a young girl, but nothing happened and the saucer and bowl was gone the next morning when mum woke me. She told me that they usually only worked for older folk, like widows and widowers who really needed help. Funny though, when I went into the kitchen, the empty saucer and bowl was in the sink."

Tabitha ask some of the girls in the office about the little people the next day. They all told her that it was an old superstition that the country people told the grandkids and nobody believed in them anymore. After all, this is the twenty first century, they added.

That evening, when Tabitha came home from work, her mind made up. Tonight she would find out if there was any truth to the old stories. She waited in the dark, besides the tiny opening of her bedroom door until she heard Harriet coming down the hall. Tabitha waited a few minutes after she heard Harriet's door close, then opened hers and slipped out into the hall. She went to the kitchen and put a scone on a saucer and poured some milk into a bowl. Then carried them back and set them on the floor outside her bedroom door. She removed her robe and gown and laid them on a chair before she crawled into the bed nude, as she had since she was in high school. The full moon softly lit the room enough that she could see anything that may move in the room. She pulled the heavy quilt up to her chin and waited. She had planned to lay quietly, like she was asleep and listen carefully. She was sure she would hear any activity and she could discover what happens if you leave scones and milk outside the door. 

Tabitha had the feeling that she had been asleep when she realized she was cold. She decided she must have kicked the cover off when she didn't feel the usual weight of the heavy homemade quilt. When she started to turn over to get up, she discovered that her body wouldn't move. No matter how hard she willed her arms and legs to move, they just lay there. It was as if her body was disconnected from the brain, but her body still had feeling. She could tell when the bed started moving on both sides.

What the hell, she tried to say, but only a tiny mumble came from her mouth. Whatever was on the bed was coming closer and then it touched her side. She felt hot air on her breast just before a hot little mouth attached itself firmly to her left nipple It was like an electric current flowed down to the vee between her legs, carrying an urgent message. The message doubled in intensity a moment later when another hot little mouth affixed itself firmly to her other nipple. Tiny hands caressed and kneaded her breasts as the hot mouths sucked and little tongues tormented the swollen nipples. The little shock waves of pleasure flashed through her body like lightning through the sky, as each bolt excited the area hidden in her vulva. 

Her upper lips opened as she sucked in a great gasp of air. A low moan escaped them when her lower lips began swelling. The hot blood was rushing to her vulva and the juices begin to ooze out as her vulva began to open like a dark red flower. She felt something move at the foot the bed as something crawled up toward her feet. Tiny hands grasp her feet and began moving them toward the sides of the bed. Tabitha was astonished as tiny mouths began nibbling at her toes. She never realized that someone sucking and nibbling on her toes could be such a turn on until her sphincter muscles begin contracting with a strong pulsing rhythm. She sounded almost like a tiny kitten mewing, as her body began moving on it's own in anticipation of the orgasm that was building. Goosebumps covered her inner thighs as something hairy moved up between them. She knew it was a little whiskered face when it buried itself in her swollen cleft and the hot mouth and tongue found her clitoris. 

It surprised her even more when something pushed between her well-lubricated lower lips and deep inside her vagina. She was surprised because she knew that whatever was sucking and twiddling her clit filled the area between her legs. Then she felt the end of the thing inside her divide and start kneading the walls of her vagina until it found her g spot. When it started fondling the g spot, she realized it was the little creature's arm inside her and the exploring hand was sending her over the edge. When she gasp aloud and arched her body, the hand turned into a fist and the arm lunged back and forth as her mind turned off everything except the exquisite pleasure that was filling her whole being.

She passed out for a minute or two from the overload of pleasure from the orgasm. As her senses returned she realized that nothing had changed. All of the mouths and tongues and hands were still working slowly at her most sensitive places. Instead of being tired and sore like she usually would be after an intense sexual encounter, she was eager to continue as she felt another orgasm building deep inside her. She gave a soft moan and raised her hips to get her closer to the little mouth on her clit.

Tabitha's body jerked spasmodically as the pleasure sensors began sending messages to her brain again. The little people picked up on the signal and the little arm and little mouths and tongues shifted back into overdrive. She realized she could move again when she moved her hand over toward her right breast and discovered the little man who was kneading her breast as he sucked the nipple. She very gently felt around his body and discovered it was a little bearded man about 18 inches tall on his hands and knees. That was as far as she got when she started experiencing the most intense and longest lasting orgasm of her 30 years.

This time, when she came back to herself, she was alone on the bed. After laying there a few minutes, she turned the bed lamp on and. She got up and slipped her robe on as she walked over to the door. She opened the door and saw the empty saucer and bowl on the floor. Better pick them up, she thought, I wouldn't want Harriet to become a true believer.

The End