 Once upon a time, far, far away in the Carlethe Forest lived a woodcutter's daughter named Catherine. Catherine was a raven-haired beauty of nineteen, with light brown eyes that seemed to danced like sprites on mirrored waters whenever she laughed. 

Being a hardworking and kind young woman, she planted a small garden with vegetables that she would give to the orphans who lived on the other side of the forest. Always cheerful, Catherine could often be seen weaving her way through the forest along the river in song, with her vegetable-laden basket in the crook of her arm. On each of her fortnightly trips, she would stop at her friends' cottage for tea.

Catherine always looked forward to afternoon tea because she got to make sandwiches with the local blacksmiths, Henry and Thomas. 

Every fortnight, they rode her, gliding over each other thinly separated, as she loudly savored the pinning. Catherine's wails resonated throughout the forest, as her friends, damp from their exertions, struggled for dominance, burying their cocks deeper still within her. Bearing down on her shoulders and gripping her waist, their thrusts were powerful and crushingly sweet. Thomas would groan into her hair with every stroke, as Henry, breathing hard, tasted her tongue as he pounded away. 

Catherine was especially fond of her friends because they doubled her pleasure. 

She was a great enthusiast of cock and they happily obliged. 

The men would ride Catherine vigorously, until her moans turned into loud wails that rattled the windows of their tiny abode. When the time came to end it, Thomas would firmly cup Catherine's breasts and with a small squeeze, offer them to Henry, whose tongue flicks upon her small pink nipples would send her flailing over the edge into an explosive orgasm. Bucking wildly, the men would then frantically thrust and fill Catherine with cum that creamed out of her holes and flooded her thighs. 

When their sandwich had fallen apart, Catherine would continue the remaining stretch to the orphans. 

On this particular trip, after leaving her friends spent and dreaming on their kitchen rug, she hummed her way through the forest. Catherine skipped alongside the river, swinging her basket. Hot and thirsty from her walk and tired from her hectic afternoon, she bent to drink from the river. First resting her basket, and then cupping her hands, Catherine drank heartily, splashing her face and soaking the tresses framing her flushed, rosy cheeks. 

Hunger bit into her. 

Looking up and about her, she spied an apple tree. Catherine picked the largest, shiniest one she could find and devoured it. She nonchalantly tossed the core on the ground and plunked herself down edge of the river. 

Still sweating, she loosened the lacing on her modest gray bodice and eventually wriggled free of her dress before stepping into the river completely naked. As the sunlight filtered through the leaves onto her taut, slim form, Catherine sank into the cool water, submerging herself, lungs tight, only to resurface gasping as her small, taut breasts heaved. 

Squeezing the water from her long, wavy hair, Catherine slid her hands down over her breasts to her velvety, dark triangle to gingerly caress her raw openings. She slid her fingers over her vulva, then her ass feeling a slight sting as what remained of Thomas and Henry washed away into the river. 

Catherine absentmindedly put her moist fingers to her lips and giggled aloud on her reminisces. 

"You are a lovely thief!" A gruff voice said behind her. 

Startled, Catherine turned with arms tightly pressed across her chest, to see a short, bearded elfin man munching her carrots. 

In her surprise, she had failed to cover the soft, black hair covering her sex. 

"Put down my basket and go away!" Catherine shouted angrily. 

The elf moved closer and his eyes narrowed, as though trying to discern the cleft of her pussy's lips. 

"You'd do well not to pick my apples; you will be a toad by midnight!" The elf slowly eyed her up and down, mouth slightly agape as his cock stiffened against his leg. 

Before Catherine could protest, he quickly asked, "Pinchin is the name... and yours?" 

Catherine splashed out of the water and grabbed her clothes. She stooped behind a bush to dress, refusing to answer. 

Pinchin continued, "Catherine is your name. I know it well. Thomas and Henry scream it every fortnight, as you do theirs." 

Flushed, Catherine struggled into her clothes with even greater haste. 

"Tell me Catherine, do you like my cock?" Pinchin asked cheekily as he poked it through the bushes. 

Catherine paused as she laced up her bodice. 

She had to concede it was a magnificent specimen. 

Thick, erect and so exceptionally long that it penetrated the thick bushes with ease, presenting itself under her nose. 

"Well, Catherine?" Pinchin asked again expectantly. 

Catherine, awestruck, could not answer. 

She could not believe his audacity...or his size. She had seen the great cocks of the forest elfin men through stolen glances of them bathing in the river as she made her way to the orphans, but never, as yet, had she had so close an encounter. 

She couldn't resist. 

Gripping it with both hands, Catherine opened her mouth as wide as she could and placed it over the head of Pinchin's cock. She moved her head slowly back and forth, circling her tongue as she went. Catherine pulled back her head to poke her tongue into the small hole at the end his cock. 

Pinchin groaned and pushed back hard. 

Catherine was knocked onto her buttocks by the great force behind this gigantic cock. She looked up to see Pinchin peering lustfully at her with big green eyes as round as saucers. 

"If you can make me cum before midnight, you'll be free to go. If not, you will become a toad and live here with me by the river forever." 

Pinchin leaned in. "What's it to be, then?" 

His rigid cock poked out from his open britches, glinting in the sunshine from Catherine's efforts. 

Catherine was torn. 

She wanted so badly to experience this magnificent cock, however instinct screamed for her to turn and run from this horrid little elf and his ultimatum. 

As she pondered, Pinchin began to rapidly pump his cock, squeezing from top to tip and back again. Globs of gooey precum oozed from the tip and trickled down over his thick, stubby little fingers. 

Catherine caved in upon seeing the sticky drips at the end of Pinchin's cock. 

The elf smiled. 

He knew Catherine well, for he had peeped in on her with her friends many times unaware: 

Catherine relished cum. 

Driven by desire and her eagerness to avoid a lifetime as a toad, she took Pinchin into her mouth as far as her tonsils would allow and sucked with all her might. 

Catherine all but swallowed Pinchin's cock. 

She tugged at its length and played with its balls as she sucked voraciously, but to no avail. The elf stood firm, feet wide, arms akimbo, with his face a perfect picture of concentration. He grimaced and groaned through Catherine's efforts, but did not cum. 

Falling back, Catherine mumbled through numb lips. 

"I want to sit on it, maybe then, I can make you cum." 

Pinchin chuckled as he dropped his britches, revealing his full frightening length. His full, heavy balls flapped across his thighs as he settled himself against a tree overhanging the river. 

Catherine, somewhat intimidated yet filled with desire, carefully mounted the elf. Although Pinchin's massive cock almost split poor Catherine in two, she rode it valiantly, sliding up and down the shaft as best she could. 

Reluctantly, the elf soon grunted under her, matching her stride stroke for stroke. 

Catherine moaned, too. 

She squeezed her eyes shut, banishing the elf from her sight as she willed herself to think only of the monstrous cock moving in and out of her pussy. As Catherine daydreamed, Pinchin wound her long hair around his fingers like a horse's reign. 

Catherine's eyes flew open as she suddenly found herself on her knees, with her head snapped sharply back. Pinchin withdrew his great length, spat upon its head and then slowly made his way into her ass. 

Pinchin worked his cock slowly into Catherine. 

She arched her back and braced against him, sliding herself along his length. When his pendulous balls slapped her thighs, Catherine realized she had taken him in completely. She whimpered in pleasure as he rode her, trying to hold back the orgasm that was barreling towards her. 

She had to make him cum first. 

Sensing her struggle, the elf upped the tempo. Sinking his little fingers into her narrow waist to steady himself, he plunged in and out of her rapidly. As Catherine's excitement grew, Pinchin pushed her head to the ground, raising her haunches, so that he could drive his cock even deeper still. The incredible circumference of his elfin cock stretched her hole painfully wide making Catherine groan loudly. 

Laughing, Pinchin roughly grabbed her breasts and then twisted her nipples. 

Catherine spasmed. 

With her customary wails, she thrashed under the elf as wave upon wave of pleasure racked her tiny frame. 

Pinchin had studied her well. 

He withdrew his still rigid member and wiped it clean with Catherine's hair. 

As he walked away, he said crisply, "Until midnight." 

Poor Catherine was beside herself with fright. She had failed to make Pinchin cum and was now faced with the possibility of an eternity as a toad. Forgetting her basket and the orphans, she fled to her friends' cottage. 

She desperately needed their help in order to devise a plan. 

Catherine burst into the tiny cottage to find them dining at their rustic kitchen table. She sobbed her story to them as they listened intently to every word that fell from her lips. 

Nodding, Henry took Catherine's small hand in his and said, " I think we may be able to help." 

Thomas smiled, "Indeed. Catherine go back to where you left him and lure him back to our cottage." He added, "When you come back, together we will do whatever it takes to make him cum." 

Catherine left for the river with a small sense of relief.

At the river's edge, Catherine saw Pinchin reclining against a large bolder. 

"Back for another try are we?" The elf reached into his britches and fished out his long floppy cock. 

Letting it plop onto his leg, he beckoned Catherine over. 

Catherine said nothing as she fell to her knees. 

She took him into her mouth once more and sucked him to a full erection. Catherine's tongue danced over the elf's cock, fluttering around the rim and strumming the tender flesh that fastened the foreskin to the head. 

Pinchin moaned and thrust his hips towards Catherine, pulling her head brusquely onto his cock. Gagging, she retreated a little and sucked on the very tip. With his cock still in her mouth, Catherine turned her head slightly to look up at the elf. 

She gave him a naughty wink and then a quick, hard suck. 

Abruptly, she found her feet. 

Catherine made a few steps in the direction of the cottage and turned to see if Pinchin was following her. Sure enough, he was, with his stiff cock poked straight out in front of him through his britches. 

As he walked, he massaged his shaft with one hand, whilst the other lifted his balls to prevent them from tangling his steps. 

Periodically, Catherine would stop, bend and with a quick, turn of her hand, rub Pinchin's cock roughly as she fished out the salty globs of precum that dripped out if its end with her tongue. At other times, as she passed a log, she would fling her skirts high and recline over it for a spell, spreading her pussy wide open with her fingers for Pinchin to ravage. 

Catherine toyed with the elf, building his desire to a crescendo. 

The elf shuffled along behind her, his steps heavy from the swollen balls that he now carried in both hands. 

By the time she reached the cottage, Pinchin's cock was so painfully engorged and purple that it rested flat against his belly and poked through his beard at his chin. Indeed, so intense was his agony that he couldn't help but flick his tongue at its tip. 

Catherine disappeared into the cottage ahead of Pinchin.

By the time the little elf arrived at the cottage, Catherine and her friends were in the throes of ecstacy. The men flanked Catherine, grinding into her body as she moaned wildly. 

Pinchin peeked into the window. 

He watched the three young lovers in their torrid triangle eagerly, just as he had done so many times before. 

Over Catherine's head, Thomas and Henry smiled at each other. 

Pinchin's hands encircled his throbbing cock. His fingers played up and down its length, sliding back and forth. Pinchin's balls hung low, painfully swinging to and fro between his legs as he beat his cock against his palms. 

He watched the lovers near their end. 

As was customary, Thomas crammed Catherine's small breasts into Henry's mouth, where he tongued her nipples gently. The brothers felt Catherine tighten around them, then spasm over and over again as she whimpered into Henry's chest. 

The men, now having satisfied their lover, sensuously slid their cocks in and out of her, prolonging their own pleasure. 

Outside, Pinchin slowed his strokes, too, timing them with Catherine's lovers. He squeezed and twisted the head of his cock, occasionally tasting it and slurping the steady stream of precum that now ran from the tip. 

Unable to maintain his slow pace any longer, Henry suddenly tensed. His cock swelled and in four strong pulses, he shot his load deep into Catherine's pussy. 

Henry's sharp thrusts jarred Thomas' member, causing it to erupt, too. Seconds later, Thomas unraveled into Catherine's ass with ragged shouts, as his cum to welled out of her to intermingle with that of Henry. 

It appeared that Thomas' climax was the final straw for Pinchin. 

His balls, though bursting and weighed down with unreleased cum, drew up clumsily beneath him. 

He came with a mighty roar. 

The cum rose up out of Pinchin like a geyser, splattering his beard and face as it rained down on the exterior of the cottage and the ground about him. 

Catherine and her friends leaned out of the window laughing. 

"Got you!" They chimed. 

They watched the furious little elf jump up and down stomping his feet, as his limp cock flapped wildly about. 

With cum on his face, peeping Pinchin disappeared into the forest never to be seen again. 

Thomas, Catherine and Henry continued to make sandwiches every fortnight and they all lived happily ever after. 

The end.