 If you had asked me six months ago whether I believed in the supernatural, I would have said no. If you had asked me if I believed in fairies, well I would have doubted your sanity. Now though...

It was classic winter weather. Crisp and dry, blue sky with scudding clouds. The fields near my home were pure white, with only the odd tuft of grass breaking through. Walking though them late one afternoon, the dogs running ahead, snuffling through the loose snow I felt at peace at last. The previous year had been, to say the least, difficult. My small engineering business had folded; my wife had finally divorced me and I was left broke and alone. 

I was close to the edge. To try and get myself back together, I had gone back to my childhood and taken up art again. Now I enjoyed my daily walks with the dogs, not just for the walk, but for the opportunity it gave me to look at the landscape I had known for some 40 years without until now really seeing it.

I breathed in the crisp winter air and watched the low sunlight shimmering through the woodland that lay alongside the path. I lifted my camera to my eye, focusing on an attractive arrangement of snow, grasses and sunlight. As I pressed the shutter, I heard the dogs barking excitedly. I called them to me, but the barking continued, then Fred, the black Lab came bounding up, dancing before me, then darting back where he had come from. I assumed they had found a squirrel or a badger, so followed the dog as he dashed off into the wood, pausing at intervals to make sure I was following. 

It wasn't a squirrel, or a badger. Sitting on a fallen tree in a small clearing was a girl -- barefoot and dressed in what looked like a heavy green velvet skirt falling to her ankles with a silky green shirt. There was a slight air of Disney about the clothes but Eddy the mongrel terrier was bouncing around in front of her, barking excitedly, but not going too close and I had no chance to look twice. 

I called the dog to me. He came, but not before barking defiantly once more at the girl. I looked at her again. My initial sense of her being a young girl was jolted. She was indeed tiny -- perhaps only about 5 feet in height; her body though was that of a mature woman, full busted, a slim waist and rounded hips. She had long straight hair, falling past her shoulders in an auburn cascade. 

She looked up at me, grey eyes flashing with anger. 

"Get those damn dogs away" 

Her voice was low and husky with a slight accent that made me think of my Hungarian grandfather.

"I'm sorry about the dogs. Have they hurt you?"

"No" she snapped, "but get them away"

I called them to me and took them to the side of the clearing.

"Down -- stay"

The dogs obediently laid down, their heads on their paws, eyes never leaving the woman. I turned back to her.

"Are you okay?"

She stared at me appraisingly, giving me my first opportunity to take a proper look at her. She was stunning. Flawless skin, bright, slightly almond shaped grey eyes, hair of rich auburn, a pair of firm round breasts and full hips. I revised my earlier estimate of her age -- she was probably late 20s, perhaps even in her 30s.

"I am now those damned dogs have stopped barking. But I will need your help." 

She raised her feet -- both were badly gashed on the soles.

"Well you obviously can't walk on those. What happened to your shoes?" 

"I don't wear them."

"OK," I sighed, putting aside the question of why a beautiful girl should be wandering around in a winter wood without shoes. "I will have to carry you." I stepped forward.

"Wait" she commanded. She pulled from around her neck a chain with a copper coloured leaf hanging from it.

"Come here" she snapped, waving me forward imperiously. I stepped forward and bent to pick her up. As my head came down, she dropped t over my head.

"I am Maeve and with this I make us both safer."

Bemused by this as I was, I ignored it and swung her up in to my arms, one under her legs and the other round her waist. She seemed almost weightless, but her body was firm and lithe against me. 

"I'll take you back to my place so that I can clean those cuts" 

"You are a healer among your people?" she asked. 

Definitely stoned I thought. 

"I have some skill in that way" I said. After all, I had done my First Aid at Work course last year.

I set off back along the path, calling the dogs to heel as I did. Obediently, they trotted along, Eddy as always ranging in front, Fred close by my side. Now that I was holding her in my arms they no longer seemed worried and had stopped barking. She was watching the dogs too. 

"They obey you". She seemed to find that surprising. Well, if truth were told, so did I. These two had turned up at the factory last year, wild and unkempt, but inseparable. The guys in the machine shop had started feeding them, and they turned out to be quite friendly and tame once their hunger was assuaged. For some reason though they latched on to me, then when Martha left me, I took them home. I eventually realised that while I enjoyed their company, Martha disliked dogs and having this pair in the house was I suppose the first sign that I accepted she wasn't coming back.

The road was only about 100 yards away. As we reached it, an articulated truck came storming past. She shrank against me in pure terror. She was obviously quite disturbed. Just my luck. The first time in ages I get my arms around a good-looking woman and she turns out to be either psychotic or drugged to the eyeballs. 

I held her tight. She was trembling with real fear. For the first time I began to be concerned for her. If she was in some drugged nightmare, it was making her seriously unbalanced. I held her to me, rocking her in my arms like a child. 

"Don't worry, you are safe. I will look after you."

She raised her head to look at me, but she appeared to be looking through me. Her eyes were wide and had lost the flashing fire I had seen earlier.

"I am very weak, or I would not have been made so afraid by a mere mechanical contrivance. We must hurry"

"OK" I thought, "I think a Valium is called for when we get home."

Holding her to me I stepped out into the road. As I did so, the sky above me darkened as if a cloud was passing over the sun. She looked up and her eyes widened further. She screamed in fear.

"Quickly -- into the trees" 

Her scream was so full of terror, I found myself running without knowing why. I ran across the tarmac to the other side, before ducking again into the wood. The path I was now on led straight to my house and stayed within the wood. I stopped under cover and turned around to see what might have spooked her.

"No!" she cried, "we must find shelter". 

I couldn't see anything anyway so out of concern for her, I started again down the path to the house, now only about 5 minutes away. As we reached the gate, I was about to step through and into my garden, when she hissed at me 

"Wait!" She turned her head to scan the sky, and then listened carefully. Far in the distance I could hear the dull roar of the motorway but otherwise all seemed quiet.

"Look" I said, "we need to look at those cuts and you need something to steady your nerves."

Still listening she ignored me. As I listened with her, I could hear a faint swishing noise getting louder as we listened. The dogs whimpered. 

"Quickly, we must take shelter. Is this your dwelling?" she said. I stepped onto the garden path and started walking towards the house. Suddenly the dogs rushed past me, ears laid flat, tails down and ran into the house. "Quickly" she cried again in obvious terror. The swishing noise was quite loud now. Then out of nowhere, came a huge bolt of lightning and the heavens opened. 

"RUN" she screamed. I ran. I don't know why, but the terror of the dogs matched her obvious and growing fear. Throwing her slim body unceremoniously over my shoulder, I bolted down the path and followed the dogs into the house. As we passed inside, the shadow fell across me and I felt bone chillingly cold. 

I carried her into the main living room. Lowering her from my shoulder to a sofa I found she was unconscious. I went to the window to look out, calling to the dogs as I did so. I could see nothing, but the dogs didn't come. I wondered what had so frightened them. I turned back to her. Her clothes were soaked through even though we had been out in the storm only for seconds. She was cold, too cold. I went to get some towels and blankets and was about to wrap her in them then realised that her heavy wet skirt would chill her to the bone. I shrugged; there was no choice but to remove it. 

The skirt seemed to be simply wrapped around her and fastened with something like a kilt pin at the bottom and a belt at the top. I removed the pin and then unthreaded the belt from its loops. With great difficulty, because she seemed much heavier on the sofa than she had in my arms, I unwrapped her from the soaking wool. 

I whistled to myself appreciatively. Beneath the skirt she wore a thin petticoat also soaking wet. It draped against her slim body and through the fine white fabric I could see she wore no underclothing. A small triangle of hair showed at the meeting point of long smooth white thighs. I gulped and removed the petticoat too exposing a auburn coloured bush of fine soft hair. I roughly dried her legs and wrapped them with a towel. Her silky top was likewise soaked and she appeared not be wearing anything under it but a thin vest. Her nipples were standing out with cold and I could see large dark areola around them. Sitting her up I unfastened her blouse and removed the sopping wet vest before wrapping another towel around her shoulders. I laid her down again and covered her with a blanket. 

I put a hand to her forehead. She was still cold, as were her hands and feet, but she seemed to be warming up. I thought she was still unconscious but she opened her eyes. She looked at me holding a foot, screamed again, this time a full throated scream of pure terror and started thrashing around trying to free herself from the blankets. 

"Who are you?" she gasped. "Why am I tied up?"

I made calming gestures with my hands.

"It's OK. I found you, in the woods. You had no shoes and seemed to be very confused. I brought you home to warm up. You are not tied up; I just wrapped a blanket around you. Look, you seem ok now. I'll light the fire first, then get you a robe to put on."

She looked down at her foot protruding from the blanket and saw the gashes as if for the first time. 

"Who are you?" she said, slightly less fearfully. Strangely her Hungarian accent was gone and she now spoke with a faint Scottish burr.

"Look, Maeve, you are safe now. No one will hurt you."

"Maeve? Who is Maeve?"

"You are -- that is what you said your name was before I carried you home."

"You carried me home? I did?" 

"Yes, we found you in the woods, shoeless and with great gashes on the soles of your feet. You couldn't walk, so I carried you here."

"We?" she said, apprehensive again.

"The dogs brought me to you. Fred! Eddy!" I called them again and they came bounding into the room as if nothing had happened. Running up to her with none of their previous concern, they lay their heads on her lap and stared up devotedly. 

"They found me?" she squealed delightedly. "Oh you are clever boys." She reached out to scratch each in turn behind their ears. They whimpered with pleasure. 

"You have made friends for life," I said. "Look Maeve, what happened to you? Why were you dressed as if you had come from Disney World, with no shoes in the middle of winter?

She looked at me properly now. Her initial terror seemed to have evaporated with the appearance of the dogs, to be replaced though by a different sort of fear.

"You called me Maeve, but I have no idea who I am. I remember nothing before I woke up on this sofa - " she peered under the blanket -- "stark naked." 

"I'm sorry about that, but you were soaked through and I was worried you would get pneumonia. Look, I've got your clothes here, I'll light the fire, then spread them in front of it to dry and we can check your pockets."

I lit the fire and as its warmth spread through the room got a drying rack from the laundry room and started spreading out her clothes. She had a couple of pockets in a pouch attached to the belt, and that was it. In one was a small square of leather tied with a gold coloured cord and containing something hard. In the other was a ring with a huge ruby like stone. It was far too large for her hands. 

"Oh I forgot -- you also gave me this." He pulled the pendant from around his neck and held it out to her. "You said it would make us both safer."

She took the pendant from him and looked at it curiously. 

"I don't recognise it" she said, before handing it back, "but if I gave it to you, I think you should keep it."

"Look", I said. "When I found you, you seemed to be behaving rather oddly. In fact I thought you were in some sort of drugged up nightmare. You were terrified of something, so terrified you frightened the dogs too -- in fact you managed to put the willies up me! I think we need to get you to the hospital once you have warmed up.

She nodded. 

"I think that would be a good idea."

"I'll get you that robe, then some water to clean your feet. After that you can have a shower and I'll drive you to hospital."

I stood up. As she warmed up she had stretched out her legs and the towel had fallen away, showing long white limbs and a glimpse of red bush. She saw me avert my eyes and quickly pulled the blanket over her legs again. She blushed as she realised she had inadvertently been flashing me.

"Thank you" she said. "For rescuing me - and for not taking advantage."

I didn't answer. If she hadn't appeared so ill, who knows what might have happened. I went to the window to draw the curtains. I looked out into the dark. It was now snowing steadily and the garden was fast disappearing under a featureless blanket of white. I went upstairs to get a robe. Mine would be far too large, but there were still some bits and pieces left behind by my former wife. I found an old towelling robe and went downstairs again. I gave it to her, before going to fetch the first aid kit from its place in the hallway cupboard. As I came back into the room, she was climbing gingerly to her feet. The blanket and towels had fallen away and she was naked in the glow from the fire. She reached out for the robe, but started to fall sideways onto the floor. I quickly stepped forwards and caught her in my arms. As I took her up, I saw again those glorious legs, that rich bush of hair and the firm breasts each surmounted by a dark chocolate brown areole. 

Unbidden, I felt an erection growing. I realised I was still holding her and that she could not fail to notice my hardness against her. I lowered her to the sofa again, before turning away began to leave the room with a mumbled apology.

"Wait" she said. "I somehow know I can trust you from your behaviour so far. I'll just put the robe around me and a blanket over my legs so you can see to my feet." 

I turned back. I was still hard, but it wasn't going anywhere soon, so I might as well accept it. I knelt before her and took one small foot in my hand. It was perfect -- no calluses, no roughness, the nails perfectly shaped. I cleaned the cuts with antiseptic wipes, gently set the foot down and picked up the other. Once I had attended to both I put some cream on the cuts and applied a dressing that I kept in place with bandages. 

"You won't get shoes on those, but then you don't have any shoes." 

She laughed, a low rich chuckle that somehow made my flagging erection leap to attention. 

"Where are my underclothes?" she said "they should be dry by now."

"Umm, you weren't wearing any"

She looked at me, slightly shocked at first and then shrugged.

"Well yours will be no use to me," she giggled.

"Damn," I thought to myself. "Every time I subside, she wakes it up again."

She stretched out her legs again, looking at her feet. 

"Thank you for doing that. They feel much better now." She looked up at me. "Turn your back, I'm going to have another go at putting on this robe."

"But what if you fall over again" I said without thinking, then realised she would now believe I wanted to get another eyeful. Instead she laughed.

"Fair enough" she said and then eased herself to her feet. She stood, gently testing her balance, her naked body on full display. I could see her nipples had now settled down as she warmed up, but her breasts were still magnificent. They stood unsupported, nipples pointing slightly up and out, surrounded by chocolate brown, chocolate I ached to taste. True to form my cock stiffened again as she balanced herself. She no doubt saw my bulging trousers because she coloured slightly, but she carried on with getting the robe around her. I noticed however that her beautiful nipples also perked up, stiffening as I looked.

She wrapped the robe around her. Since my ex-wife Martha was about six inches taller the robe only came to her knees, leaving the rest of her glorious legs uncovered, at least as far as the clumsy bandages on her feet. Despite their difference in height, Maeve was also bigger breasted, so that the robe only just overlapped, leaving her breasts very much in evidence and as she moved exposing the creamy inside of her thigh. I swallowed hard and breathed deeply.

I went again to the window. It was still snowing. I could just make out the shape of the car, buried under a mountain of snow. I turned back to her.

"I'm sorry, but I don't think we can get you to hospital tonight. The snow is too deep and still falling. It takes 45 minutes to get there even in good weather and that includes two steep hills. I'll ring for advice."

I went to the phone, but when I picked it up the line was dead. I could never get a mobile signal here, although all the nearby farms and houses did without trouble. I tried it nevertheless but nothing.

"We seem to be stuck for now. How are you feeling?"

"My feet are a bit sore, and it is a bit disconcerting not to know who I am but otherwise I'm OK."

"Good," I said, "I'll get you some painkillers and then we'll eat. But first I must get some wood for the fire."

The wood was stored outside the kitchen door in a box, with more in a shed next to the garage. I opened the kitchen door and the snow flurried in. The dogs were asleep in front of the central heating boiler, but as I opened the door, Fred looked up. He stood, then padded to the door, his lips pulled back in a silent snarl. All the time I was outside he stood there as if on guard, then as I closed the door, he simply turned around and lay back down. 

I carried the wood through. Maeve was asleep again, stretched out on the sofa. The robe had fallen away and she lay there naked, the firelight flickering across her skin. I went to cover her up, then paused. Instead I reached over to the table and grabbed my sketchpad. She looked so beautiful lying there, so relaxed and natural but also so sexy, that I had to capture the moment. I could have taken photographs, but I thought her reaction if she woke up and saw me sketching would probably be a little less extreme than if she caught me hovering over her naked body with a camera. Besides, I wanted to take her all in, every gorgeous, lissome inch of her. 

Working rapidly I made several sketches. I was concentrating so hard that my erection, which had lurched into life again when I first saw her laid naked in front of the fire, finally subsided. I looked up to see she was awake, staring at me with large green eyes. She pulled the wrap around her before picking up the blanket from where it had fallen and laying it across her lap.
