 I was just beginning to wake up when I heard the door to my room open and someone entered. I was laying cross-wise on my bed with my legs dangling over the side of the bed. As a result, my legs were open and my sex was exposed. I kept my eyes shut and waited to see what this someone was going to do. Then I woke with a jolt! Something very cold was being rubbed all over my cunt lips and even up inside of me! I looked up at a small, obviously Indian woman who was kneeling between my legs. Then, a voice spoke,

"Well, I had begun to think you were never going to wake up."

It was Mrs. B and she had followed the Indian woman into my room.

"Don't be alarmed. Jane is merely applying an alum-mixture to your cunt. She will be doing this every morning as long as you are staying here."

"Why on earth for?"

"Show her, Jane."

At this point, the little woman crawled up onto my bed and squatted so that her cunt was facing directly at me. I noticed at once that, whereas my belly was adorned by that infamous red hand, her belly had a black dagger that pointed straight into a very red slit. 

"My God! What happened to you?"

"Nothing. Jane make fuck long time. Jane cunt get bigger and bigger. No use cream like white woman."

I was looking straight into an open cunt! Her lips were so far apart that I could actually see the pink walls of her inner cunt! I could have easily inserted two – perhaps three fingers into her cunt without even touching the sides!

"What Jane is trying to tell you and demonstrate is simply this. You know that the phalluses of our spirits are unusually large so that, after a period of constant use, your genitals will become more open. The salve that Jane is applying contains an astringent that will hasten the return of your genitals to a more normal state."

"What do you mean by that? Just what constitutes, 'constant use'?"

"Are you finished, Jane?"

"Yes, Mrs. B."

"Very well. Twenty-five is tonight's number." This statement left me clueless as to what it meant. "Get up Jenny and I'll explain some of these things to you after you have breakfast and as we take a short ride. I have a golf cart waiting outside the back door. Meet me there and I'll show you something more of the lodge that you have not seen."

She left the room and I hurriedly donned a slip-over gown. There was no one in the dinning room when I entered, so I sat down at the same table that Mrs. B and I had used the day before. Apparently, the menu consisted of a choice of one so the girl brought me a cup containing a soft-boiled egg, toast, and a sausage link. I didn't think I would be hungry, but I downed it all, got up and started out to find Mrs. B. I hadn't gone but a very few steps when I began feeling a tingling sensation up each leg and throughout my crotch. There was no doubt but what I had been drugged! For what purpose, I did not know.

I met Mrs. B in just a few minutes and off we went! I thought it best if I didn't bring up the subject of my being drugged. Instead, I decided upon a wait and see tactic. 

"First off, Jenny. I gather that certain facets of life here have not really sunk in for you. While you are in residence at the lodge, you will be having sex with a spirit every night – and I must emphasize, 'every night' - so something of the order of last night will be constantly repeated. We shall schedule these appearances for you. That is what I have just done. Jane knows that, tonight, you will perform in room twenty-five with whichever spirit is assigned to that room. You may not have realized it, but the spirits will quickly get out of hand if they ever feel that they aren't getting their fair share of you. That's why we rotate your appearances so that each spirit gets a fair chance of fucking you. There are thirty-eight spirits in the lodge so you will not re-visit the one in your room for thirty-nine nights. Do you understand?"

"Are you telling me that I am expected to make fuck with these spirits on a steady and never ending schedule?"

Mrs. B looked at me in astonishment. "Certainly. Did you think that you would only have sex whenever you wanted it? I'm sorry, but that is not the way the lodge is run."

"In other words, the lodge is nothing more than a whore house only it is the whores who show up to couple with the males instead of the other way round."

"Exactly, but there is more to it than just that. Much more. You shall soon see what I mean."

I was very quiet for quite some time while I digested this odd change of events. I wasn't even certain that I could maintain such a schedule as she had outlined. I like and enjoy sex, that's true, but every night? Is it even possible for me to withstand such a level of sexual activity without collapsing? I chuckled to myself as I recalled the old saw about not being able to wear it out! I certainly hope that is true! Then, another thought struck me, 

"Suppose you live here for thirty or forty years as your aunts did. How many fucks would that be? You could bet your bottom dollar that I would need a car-load of that salve or my cunt would soon look like the end of the Holland tunnel!"

As our drive continued, I began to feel an eerie sensation throughout my whole body. My cunt began to juice and I yearned for the feel of a phallus stabbing into me. Whatever it was that they had used to drug me with was certainly having an effect upon my body and my libido. 

Mrs. B spoke up and interrupted my thought process.

"Here we are. Would you like to see pictures of the Murdock women? Evelyn lived here for over thirty-five years and her daughter lived here for another twenty-five years and your aunts – well, they were here for nearly forty years!"

Pictures of a woman who lived in the 1800's? Say it isn't so.

We had stopped in front of a frontier-type, one-room, log cabin. My quick survey of the exterior of the cabin showed it to be in very good condition. There was one surprising feature. A very tall flag pole stood directly in front of the cabin, but there was no flag flying from its' top. I started to ask Mrs. B what that was for, but she was already opening the door to the cabin. If the flag pole was a surprise, my first glimpse of the interior of that cabin was a shock. Every wall in the cabin was covered by pictures! But, they weren't just any pictures! 

Mrs. B took my arm and began leading me around the room. The first group of pictures was artist's miniatures, but it wasn't so much the size of the pictures and their clarity that drew my attention. Rather, it was their subject matter.

"That's Evelyn Murdock!"

The picture that Mrs. B was pointing to showed a tall, handsome woman standing in front of this very cabin. She was wearing a typical long, black dress of that time, but she had gathered it up under her chin so that her tits, chest, belly and crotch were all distinctly revealed. What's more, I could clearly see a bright red hand on her lower belly. And, like my brand, the long finger of that startling hand pointed directly at her clit!

Mrs. B remarked, "Evelyn painted that herself. She was a very accomplished artist. And, these next pictures were of her and the braves of the tribe."

There was a whole series of similar miniatures except that, in each case, they depicted Evelyn astride a man's body. She was facing forward so that her back was to the man's face and she was leaning back with her hands and arms as her support. Because of the phallus in her belly, it pooched out towards the viewer. She had painted the scene so accurately and deftly that the viewer could easily make out the man's phallus pushing up into her cunt. In fact, the scene was so realistic that I felt that I could almost watch her belly roll and bulge as she fucked the unseen male. The smile on her face was definitely one of great self-satisfaction. She was enjoying the fucking she was receiving.

"Were you on top last night or on the bottom? This is what we call the, 'reverse cow-girl position' and practically all of us use that position. It has certain very titillating features. For one thing, a woman can actually see herself being fucked. In the standard missionary position, she often can't see a thing. Furthermore, this position allows the woman to control the depth of penetration and the speed of the fucking. Try it. I'm sure that you will like it. These next pictures are similar paintings of Evelyn's daughter."

Again, I saw a mature woman standing with her black dress pulled up under her chin and naked from the chin to her toes. She, too, showed the ever present red hand on her lower belly.

"These pictures may have been historically interesting to you, but I think you will enjoy this next grouping even more. Recognize anyone?"

She was pointing at a picture of three women. All were wearing the ever present black dress and all were holding it up so that their naked bodies were exposed to view. The first two were obviously my two aunts, but the third.........My God! The third woman was definitely my mother! And she, like all the others, sported the red hand on her belly! For the first time, I realized just how small my mother was when she stood next to her two sisters. My mother gave the impression that she was a frail female.

"You didn't think that your mother escaped spending time here, did you? She was here for several years before she abruptly left the lodge."

"Why did she do that?"

"I hadn't yet arrived at the lodge, but, what I was told, was that your mother had very strong feelings against white women allowing, 'non-white' men the intimacy of their bodies. In other words, she fought against letting the Indians fuck her. This was especially true of the spirits and I was told that she had a lot of difficulty with their over-size genitals."

"Was her distaste limited to the spirits?"

"Not exactly. Remember that I told you that there are many traditions here at the lodge?" I nodded. "Well, one of those traditions involves this cabin. Before the lodge was completed, Evelyn lived in this cabin. The Major had long before left her and gone back east so she was alone. You must have gathered, by this time, that she was a woman with a great sexual hunger so, it was natural that she would give herself to whatever males were available. The Indians were available and they had gathered experience in fucking white women by fucking the women of the village! In fact, they still do!"

I gasped! "Are you telling me that this entire area is nothing but a huge sexual pool?"

"Oh, don't be so surprised. I'll bet that such communities exist in the cities that you are familiar with only they are just better hidden. Look, it all started when the settlers first came here. As I understand it, they were a group of hedonists and they were looking for a spot where they could settle and enjoy themselves without any interruption. I don't know who first broached the subject, but an agreement was reached between the settlers and the Indians whereby the Indians had free access to the white women and the white men had free access to the Indian women. However the agreement was reached, there was peace and a very great deal of inter-racial sex between the settlers and the Indians. Excuse me for just a minute. I must raise the flag!"

"Why are you doing that?"

"In that fashion, the men of the tribe will know that a Murdock female is in the cabin and is available for them. This is another of Evelyn's traditions." I looked at her in startled surprise. "Oh, come now. I know that you are as hot as a two-dollar pistol. I've watched you rubbing yourself and I imagine the tattva is having it's desired effect ."

Mrs. B turned and left the cabin. She had a white piece of material in her hands and, since she had left the door open, I could watch as she first tied the material to the halyards and then hoisted it aloft. It had a funny kind of image imprinted upon it. It was a dagger that was penetrating a red oval. Once the flag had been hoisted, she went to the golf cart and picked up a dress and a tripod with a camera attached and returned to the cabin. Only this time, as she entered the cabin, she stripped off the gown she had been wearing. Once more, it was time for me to gawk at her. She was a handsome woman and there was a figure on her lower belly, but it wasn't a red hand! No. It was a black dagger the point of which looked to be deep inside her cunt! Suddenly the meaning of the figure on the flag was made absolutely plain. It was a blunt statement of fact that any horny male could interpret. It meant, 'come on, boys, there are cunts await'n'! Like an automaton, I stripped off my gown and stood, naked, alongside Mrs. B.

"Let's step outside and I will get your picture. Slip on the dress and hold it up to you as all the others are doing."

She positioned the tripod and cameras so that they were pointing at the cabin door. I slid into the heavy woolen gown – black, to be sure – and stepped outside, too. I immediately lifted the dress so that my entire front from tit to cunt was exposed. Mrs. B was skilled at taking this picture and, in just a few seconds, it was done and, after she put the dress back into the cart, we returned to the inside of the cabin. The tripod and camera were left standing in a corner of the cabin.

"Mrs. B, someone is coming. I saw a car come around the turn in the road and head up this way."

"Yes. That is another thing I overlooked. That is Amy from the café in town. We are not just here to provide the Indian men with some mid-morning diversions. We are also here to help Amy gather two of the ingredients of our tattva. I can see that you don't understand what I am saying so I'll give you this brief explanation. Two of the ingredients that go to make up tattva are male sperm and the juices from the female. If the female actually comes and ejaculates, so much the better. Tattva is an old Indian mixture that has aphrodisiac qualities. What other ingredients go into the making of tattva, I don't really know. I do know that the Indians supply a quantity of Ginseng, but, beyond that, I am just as much in the dark as you. Ah, here's Amy and her daughter now."

The woman who got out of the car was another of the constant stream of surprises I had received since coming to the lodge. It was the same, big-titted woman from the café! Her daughter was also a big-busted female. The two of them made an obvious pair.

"Well, well. I never for a minute connected you with the Murdock family. I guess that now I should say, 'Welcome to the crossing that bears your name'. And, just what is your name?"

"I'm Jenny Malloy. My mother was a Murdock."

We shook hands as she said to Mrs. B, 

"Mrs. B, we had better get organized. I saw the usual caravan on its' way here as I drove up. Are both of you expecting to participate in the gathering?" When Mrs. B nodded, Amy continued, "That's great! We are running a little low on our supply of tattva so this should give our supply a good boost. Jenny, has Mrs. B told you what the procedure is?" I shook my head. "Oh, well, you just watch Mrs. B and she and I will guide you through the process. Shall we go inside?"

The three of us stepped into the cabin only Amy and her daughter both halted at the door to strip off their gowns. These, they dropped on the ground alongside the door. When Amy saw me looking at her naked body, she grinned and said, "It was the first Murdock whore who set this procedure. She would not allow any person to enter her home without shedding all of their clothing. She always thought that this put everyone on the same level. So, those of us from the town and the Indians still honor her rules even unto today." She turned to Mrs. B and asked, "How many will it be today? Four each or six?"

Mrs. B looked in my direction and answered by saying, "I think Jenny can handle six!"

I was shocked by her response to Amy's question. Did she mean six episodes of fucking for EACH of us?

"Very well. Six it is."

Evidently, that was exactly what she had meant! I gasped! I had attended an orgy or two during my college days, but I had never been the sex partner for six different men. I couldn't help but wonder if I were capable of satisfying that many at one time.  

I didn't know it at the time, but Amy – or another townie – always acted as the door keeper for our ... ahem, clients! Mrs. B moved over to the side of the bed and turned to face the door. I did the same on the other side of the bed.

Two Indian men entered and my first experience as a Murdock whore got underway. Amy took hold of one of the Indian male's cock and, using a cloth that she had brought with her, she studiously wiped his entire cock and his balls! Amy's daughter did the same with the other Indian. True to her word, Mrs. B made her client lay down upon his back and she assumed that reverse cowgirl position she had described to me. Amy's daughter had closed the door and moved to a place slightly ahead and to one side of her. Then, without any hesitation, she took hold of the man's cock and positioned it in a straight line with Mrs. B's cunt. She rubbed the cock head up and down Mrs. B's cunt lips several times and then pushed it a little ways through her outer cunt lips and into her cunt. I heard Mrs. B give a huge sigh and watched as she slowly slid backwards onto that erect cock. I was totally immersed in the scene that I was watching in the full-length mirror that was attached to the back of the cabin door. I had not seen it before so it came as a shock to see Mrs. B and me sitting there with our legs splayed wide open – each of us waiting for our first cock of the day! Amy immediately came around to my side of the bed and, while I was still engrossed in watching that cock ever so slowly disappear into Mrs. B's cunt, she pulled me backwards until I was just touching the cockhead of the other Indian male. That caused me to jerk my eyes back to my own circumstance as pictured in the mirror. I almost said to her that I didn't need the added caressing to become ready, but, she began rubbing me before I could say a thing. My level of arousal took off at once. With a gentle pressure on my buttocks, she guided the cock into me. I was no different from Mrs. B. That cock felt so terrific sliding into my cunt that I, too, sighed as the pleasure began to build.

I had been warned by Mrs. B that the men would come much faster than I, but I wasn't really ready for that. I was just beginning to strain with my oncoming orgasm when I felt the cock in me begin the jerking that signaled his ejaculation. I couldn't bring my climax to a completion that quickly so I just sat on his cock while he spurted his jism into my cunt. Amy was obviously watching my progress for she immediately rolled me off the man and onto my side. She left him to shift for himself. The next thing I felt was a squirt of some rather cool liquid far up into my cuntal passage. I looked up at her with a question in my eyes.

"That will keep his sperm in a liquid state and now, I'm going to suction it and your juices out of your cunt. Hold still. This won't hurt, but it will feel funny."

She produced a huge syringe and promptly pushed that instrument up into my cunt. I felt a whoosh of air as she collapsed the ball and then a pulling as she allowed the ball to once more assume its' round shape by sucking wind and juices from me. There wasn't any time for her to be gentle with this operation for Mrs. B's male was also shooting his sperm into her! So, she hurriedly completed the suctioning of my cunt and then jumped around the bed and vacuumed Mrs. B's cunt. If I expected a rest period after all this, I was very mistaken. Amy went to the door and waved two more clients into the cabin. In just a matter of a very few minutes, Mrs. B and I were once more sitting atop a large Indian cock.

When my third client blasted his sperm up into my cunt, I was ready and I came along with him. Subconsciously, I thanked Mrs. B for her guidance. How she knew that it would take me three fuckings to reach my own orgasm, I would never know, but she had obviously been at this for many years and she had seen what it took for newcomers such as me to reach orgasm.
