 The sorceress Phaedra stared down at the stone circles in the fields from her window. The stones were enfolded by the hazy greys of the mists gently caressing the land. She could almost taste the refreshing drops of morning dew spread out over the grass on her lips. The cool breeze entered through the open window washing the last remnants of drowsiness from sleep away. 

Phaedra turned to catch her reflection in the looking-glass. Pleased with the image she smiled. Her long black hair sensuously tumbling down to her waist. Her alabaster skin and her body as smooth and firm as twenty, maybe even thirty years ago. Tiny dark curls adorned the triangle between her muscular legs. 

She ran her hands over her bare body, tauntingly pausing as she reached the curve of her creamy, voluptuous breasts. The breeze had aroused her. Her ruby-red nipples swollen as if they were about to greet the sun. 

She abruptly halted as she felt a shiver pass through her lower body, and glanced at her bed. Recent events had kept her busy, even the less recent had kept her away from finding someone to share her bed. 

The mere thought of the current threat made her realise she needn’t waste her time. She dressed in a snug-fitting green gown, clinging on to every curve of her seductive body, its plunging neckline accentuating her full bosom. She was fully aware this colour enhanced the intensity of her eyes, but would anyone notice? A gold belt with sparkling emeralds and diamonds completed the outfit. 

Phaedra brushed her silky hair until it glistened in the pale sunlight, then tied it back with a barrette covered in small diamonds and emeralds. She clasped the simple emerald pendant around her neck. The emerald teasingly touched the full curve of her breasts. 

As she walked over to her temple she could see the gargoyle over the door ogling her. 

“Mistress, you look ravishing today,” he said greeting her. 

She noticed something different about him today. His dark eyes gleaming with anticipation, or what was it?

“What is the matter Morion?” Her voice demanding with authority.

His eyes ran over her body again, almost like a lover’s eyes in an assumption of intimacy, before he answered. “Nothing is the matter mistress, I merely realised I felt lonely.” He paused for a second, then continued, “I think you must feel it too sometimes…” 

Phaedra gazed into his eyes, not knowing how to respond to his boldness. Morion had never implied anything, or stated it out loud. Maybe her mood was affecting him as well.

“I do long for the touch of a man at times,” she finally responded. “Not that it is any of your concern.”

Morion nodded, and cleared his throat. “Mistress, if I make a suggestion?” His voice hoarse and hesitant. Almost aroused in a way. 

She gazed into his eyes, was he seriously suggesting?

Morion nodded again, “Yes mistress, that is what I am thinking about..." 

Phaedra felt butterflies stir in her belly as she gently touched the gargoyle's shoulder and mumbled an incantation under her breath. She could feel his muscles rippling under the touch of her hand. Changing into softer, smooth olive coloured skin, ornate with tribal tattoos from his shoulders running down the length of his arms. The muscles still strong underneath the new exterior. Tiny curls adorned his upper chest, the lower part of his torso smooth and tight. 

As her eyes travelled further down his body, she could see his was very well-endowed. Very well indeed, she felt the blood rushing to her cheeks. She shifted her gaze to his face Morion’s eyes remained dark as night, as his beak turned into a straight, human nose. His lips soft and tempting, the eyes beckoning her to come hither. He was without a doubt the most beautiful creature she had ever laid eyes on. 

She was drawn to him, without speaking she let her lips explore the skin of his face, searching the warmth of his mouth, then finding it hungrily. He pulled her closer, his strong arms wrapped around her waist, for her to feel the full extent of his arousal. Their tongues met, exploring each other for the first time. As the corridor was spinning out of control she clenched onto him. 

Phaedra realised she wanted him, yet she pulled away from him, softly whispering a few words in his ear, “Not here…”

Morion grabbed a hold of her shoulders as she turned away from him, pulling her closer than before. Her back against his strong torso, his swollen flesh pressing against her behind. One arm slid around her waist, the other gliding down the neckline of her dress. His hand caught her breast, gently playing with the nipple underneath the velvet of her gown. Morion’s hot breath caressed her neck. She wanted to tell him to stop, yet at the same time she wanted to feel him inside her. 

The front of her dress gave way under his insisting, exploring hands, leaving her bare breasted. His lips gently touched her neck, his tongue now tracing a path down her neckline as he turned her around. His mouth found her breast, his tongue circled her taut nipple now rigid with desire. She shivered as his lips enclosed it and he gently started suckling her breast. 

Phaedra gasped for air when he let go. She tried to cry out to him don't stop, yet nothing but a dry whistle of air passed her lips. Her fingers traced the tribal drawings on his skin, running her hands up his arms and neck. Weaving her fingers tightly into his dark hair she guided his beautiful face back to her lips. They kissed again, hungrier than before. He pushed her against the wall, the hardness of his manhood throbbing against her. 

Morion’s hands moved to her buttocks, hiking up the skirt of her dress, then gently lifting her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist allowing him to enter her warm, receptive body. 

They gently rocked together against the wall. Her lips touched his ear, she let her tongue play with the outline of it, teasing him. His thrusts grew wilder, grunting softly in her ear. His strong white teeth touched her neck, biting softly at first then more insisting, relentless even. Morion's strong body pinned her back against the wall over and over again. Suddenly he climaxed, his teeth piercing the creamy flesh of her neck as his seed entered her womb. His manhood still strong and throbbing inside her. 

She straddled him as he lowered his rock hard buttocks onto the cold stone of the floor. 

"I've longed for you," his voice intense and sincere as his strong hands held her hips, gently thrusting himself into her. 

Breathlessly she watched him underneath her, his eyes lit up with ecstasy, knowing she wanted him as much as he craved for her. His hands started to move across her dress, teasingly brushing past her breast, erecting her nipples once more, as he reached for her neck. He pulled her close, still moving inside her. She picked up his rhythm and when their chests touched the electricity between them sparked. Her lips searched his as they kept moving.

She kissed him once more, softly biting his lower lip as she did. Her lips traced a path over his face down to his chest. Teasingly she let her tongue circle his nipple then biting it softly. With his manhood still inside her she pushed herself up. Letting the full length of him fill her while arching her back and running her fingers through the little damp curls his chest. Her nails scratching the skin underneath them. 

Temptingly moving slow on top of him, she sent him a seductive smile. His hands slid under her dress arousing the skin of her legs before finding her hips, firmly grasping onto her. His nails embedded in her skin as he forced her to move faster. Their motions grew wilder, uncontrolled in a way, and she almost reached a climax. Taking his hands into hers and pushing them to the ground she fell on top of him still teasing him slowly. Her bare breasts gently caressing his chest she made her realise she felt inhibited by the remainder of her clothing. 

As if he had read her mind he started to fumble with the buttons on her back. When they did not want to budge he tore the back of the dress open, pushing her up and pulled the dress over her head. The diamonds and emeralds from her belt bounced through the corridor. Throwing the torn gown aside on the floor, he stared up at her, the small triangle of dark hair in her loins touching his olive coloured abdomen and his black hair. He caught her in his arms against his chest and rolled her on her back. The coldness of the stone cooling the heat of her skin. 

He kissed her while still thrusting inside her, his masculinity stronger than ever. He slowly showered her with butterfly kisses across her neck and breasts, then moved downward. He pulled himself away from her, as he gently licked her abdomen tracing her curves down to the triangle of dark curls between her legs. 

Phaedra gasped for air as his tongue softly teased her inner thighs, yet she remained motionless until he found the warmth between her legs. A quick sigh passed her lips when he did, his fingers parting the petal-soft folds of her womanhood. His tongue skilfully flickered like a butterfly inside her. Her hands slowly ran across her own body, in a teasing motion, before her fingers lodged themselves in his thick dark hair. 

Suddenly she felt a tingling sensation travel through her body as she climaxed in convulsions on the floor. She arched her back even further to cling onto that feeling, her hands pushing his head down on her. Then her body came to a full stop, returning to a pacific feeling as she closed her eyes hungry for more, a last jitter travelling through her entire body. 

She pushed his head away from her thighs and sat up kissing his moist lips hungrily. His organ strong and erect between his legs as he sat on his knees opposite her. She wanted more, this play of love and lust had awakened her and left her insatiable. 

Pulling him close to her as she stood up, her body still shaking and aching for him, she kept kissing him, tasting herself on his lips. His arms found her waist again pulling her close so she could feel him against her legs once more. She wriggled away from his embrace, grabbing a hold of his hand as she turned and walked across the corridor. 

Half way through he stopped her, pulling her naked back against his body, softly biting her neck whispering sweet nothings in her ear. His left hand cupped her breast again, his thumb caressing the nipple in a circular motion. 

‘I’m never changing you back Morion’, the thought crossed her mind as she felt his right hand slide across her stomach. 

Phaedra’s hands reached for support and found the stone archway. His hands still played with her skin underneath them. Her chest heaved heavily as his right hand found the triangle of hair between her legs. She arched her back and turned her head to kiss his cheek. Teasingly she traced the outline of his jaw with her tongue before his mouth found hers. His warm throbbing manhood still touching her buttocks. 

Suddenly he pushed her upper body forward against the archway, his hands firmly placed on her hips as his organ swiftly penetrated her from behind. He moved quickly, uncontrolled as her cheek scraped against the wall. His testicles gently caressing her when he thrust himself further into her, leaving her aching for more whenever he pulled away from her, then touching her again. Phaedra moaned softly, her heart was racing when he entered her again and again, biting her own hand to prevent herself from screaming out loud. 

Her teeth almost pierced her own flesh as she felt the climax approach again, he pushed himself deep inside her and exploded, pulling her against him entirely. His mouth touched her neck, biting her. Both his hands slid from her hips to her breasts, Phaedra moaned softly, almost a purr in the back of her throat. 

Hesitantly she pulled away from him and turned around, taking his hand in hers leading the way to her bedroom. 

"But... mistress.." he whispered in her ear.

"Don't call me that now Morion," she snapped at him. "Not after this, after all that we've shared now... call me Phaedra." Her voice softened as she spoke the last sentence. 

"Phaedra... darling..." he whispered huskily. 

The sound of his warm voice made her go weak in the knees again. 

"What is it Morion?" she hesitated. 

"Who will guard your temple now that I no longer have my gargoyle form?" He glanced over his own naked body, a lovely and tempting body indeed. It was firm and strong, she could hardly take her eyes off of him. Radiant in beauty, or the afterglow of the love they shared. 

"The temple will be just fine, Morion, For now at least." She gazed into the dark eyes that were so familiar. "We will just have to find a new guardian for the temple... later..."

"Darling... you mean?" he pulled her close to him, his naked body sparking against hers. His hot breath caressed her neck once again. 

As she looked up into his eyes again she could see he was near tears. She took his face into her hands and kissed him tauntingly. 

"Yes Morion, as long as you stay faithful to me... you will remain in human form." She whispered. 

"I would never... I've loved you ever since..." the remainder of the words smothered by her passionate kisses. 

He lifted her up, his strong arms carried her to the bed, gently laying her down on the satin sheets before he continued kissing her. 

Phaedra ran her fingers through his hair and pulled him closer. She gently traced the outline of his face with her index finger, she couldn't believe she hadn't thought of this possibility before. Then she remembered the words he had said, 'I've loved you ever since...' He loved her? How did she feel about him?

Her finger traced his chin, proceeding to his neck. Slowly she proceeded to his chest, then she abruptly stopped. He let his hands run along her bare back, sensing the goose bumps as they appeared under his touch. 

“Hello there,” he whispered, a tempting smile on his face. 

Phaedra’s lips glistened moist in the light of the sun as she returned his smile. He pulled her close to kiss her. Her hands ran over his body, her long hair gently caressing his shoulder. She felt his body responding eagerly to her touch. He pulled her closer for her to feel his arousal. As she felt him against her she smiled seductively. His lips touched hers again, more gentle than he had been with her before he kissed her face, her neck proceeding down to her breasts. Her breathing became shallow, a short staccato of fluttering breaths flew through the room as he licked her stomach. 

He looked up at her, his eyes filled with the ecstasy that ran through his veins. Her hands found his face and pulled him close to her face. She started kissing him, her tongue gently circling inside his mouth. Her breasts caressed by his chest as he entered her again. In a slow, sensual rhythm they motioned together. His hands exploring her body as if it were the first time they were together. Every curve, although familiar, seeming new to him.