 Practically every morning after a sex session with a ghostly lover, I had slept in until either Jane or Mrs. B came to wake me. For some reason, this morning I awoke quickly and completely. I didn't want to admit it even to myself, but the possibility of being fucked by one of my actual family members was exciting. I completed my morning toilet and, as I came out of the bathroom, I was surprised to see Maud standing there obviously waiting for me.

"Mrs. B is busy arranging things for this morning's service so she asked me to help you prepare for the ceremony."

"Is something wrong?"

"No, it is just that damned old car. It takes fits every once in a while where it won't start. Mrs. B will have it ready in no time. Come. I have brought you a light breakfast. From what I know of these occasions, you would be well advised not to eat too heavily. After you have eaten, I'll help you into your gown."

"Am I supposed to wear something special?"

"Of course. The chatelaine prepares a new gown for each Sunday's service. They usually don't last for more than one service."

As she said this, she got a mischievous smile on her face and I realized that she was hinting at some kind of sexual meeting. The thought of this kind of event gave my libido a quick boost.

I ate my breakfast and then stood while Maud placed a gown over my head and smoothed it down along my body. I almost laughed when I viewed myself in the mirror. The gown was made of white lace and the openings in it were so large that I might as well have been naked. Every private part was visible through the lacy material. I turned to look at myself from the rear and gasped. There was a slit that ran from the hem of the gown all the way up to my waist! Maud anticipated my question and said, 

"Believe me, honey. From what I have heard of these things, that opening will come in very handy."

She wouldn't say anything more than that and, just as I was starting to insist upon an explanation, Mrs. B arrived. She, too, was dressed in a see-through white gown.

"Good! I was afraid that we would be late, but, I see, you are all prepared. That's fine. We can leave now." As she turned and exited the room I noticed that her ass showed through the identical slit in her gown.

The car ride to the church was really queer. Try as I might, I couldn't get that gown to close in the back so I spent the entire trip sitting on my naked behind! Thank God that the day was warm and not wintery. My first impression was that we had the wrong day. There were no cars in evidence whatsoever and no people in sight! This didn't upset Mrs. B at all. She ushered me from the car and into the building. It was then that I discovered the entire town of Murdock's Crossing was awaiting our arrival. A very small woman came up to us and Mrs. B introduced her.

"Jenny, this is Gertrude – the church chatelaine."

"Oh, so it is you I have to thank for this beautiful gown."

"It is a pleasure to serve the Totem Kurva Whore. Everyone is assembled and waiting for us, so let's get ready."

The woman was obviously a midget for her head barely reached my waist. For some unknown reason, I took special notice of her hands. They were about the size of a small girl's hands. Before I could look at her closely, Mrs. B continued with her directions, 

"Gertrude will accompany you as you walk down the aisle. She will always be in a position to support you."

"I really don't think I will need that. I feel pretty good."

"Believe me, Jenny, you will need her assistance!"

Before I could say anything more, the preparations for my introduction to the congregation began.

Gertrude spoke to me: "If the Totem will just bend over."

I hadn't been watching the diminutive Gertrude and now, as I turned to look at her, I saw that she had a huge glob of something that looked like grease on her right hand and she was gesturing towards a small stool. While I stood there digesting this, Mrs. B pushed me from behind and moved me into a bent-over position. She hadn't any more than gotten me into this unexpected position when Gertrude's other little hand came into view. She was holding a bulb syringe with a very long nozzle. She insinuated the syringe in between my ass cheeks and then into my puckered hole. In less time than it takes to describe what was being done to me, the nozzle of that syringe was deeply embedded in my ass! I wriggled my ass so as to make the nozzle feel a little more comfortable and, while I was doing this, Gertrude put her mouth up against my ear and whispered,

"Gertrude know what kurva whore need and she blow dust into your gut!"

As she said this, she squeezed the bulb of the syringe and I felt a blast of air and something else deep within my ass passage. At the same time, Gertrude's tongue darted out and began a fucking-motion in my ear! A series of chills ran down my spine and I began sucking in my breath as the combined effects of the kurva dust and Gertrude's tongue made my arousal become more and more intense. Whether this was the little woman's idea of a distraction or not, I never knew, but, while I was shivering with the delight caused by her tongue in my ear, her smallish hand burst through and into my puckered hole! 

Instantly, her hand was inside my ass and proceeding upwards into my belly! I've had some strange things done to me in the past, but this took the cake. I thought to object, but the effect I was experiencing was too much for me. Mrs. B placed one hand in the middle of my back and the other on my chest. By applying pressure to both hands, she caused me to stand upright. This was stranger than before for Gertrude's hand and, I guess, most of her arm were still in my ass!

"There will be a receiving line so you must stand straight! Gertrude will function as your, 'Lady-in-waiting'! But, I shall be the first to welcome you!" 

Her hand dropped down to rest upon my mound and her finger teased my clit. This, in combination with Gertrude's ministrations, choked off any objections I might have felt. 

"But, Mrs. B! How can I do that with Gertrude's hand in ...well, you know where it is."

"She will provide you support throughout the greeting part of the ceremony. Ah, there's the signal now. The congregation is ready for us."

With that, she flung open the double doors leading into the church proper and I was confronted with my first meeting with the church members. They were assembled in two lines that formed an avenue through which I was obviously expected to walk. I was not ready for this so I halted. I took a minute to look about me. I was definitely surprised to see five huge portraits, two on one wall and three on the wall opposite. They were pictures of Evelyn, her daughter, and my aunts and my mother! They were all dressed in the same white, lace gown that I was wearing. It gave me a queer feeling to look at the pictures of my ancestors and to realize that I was now one with them!

The obvious leader of the congregation stood before a very plain and austere table. He, like all of the men was naked from the waist down and I found it extremely difficult to tear my eyes away from his hanging cock. He addressed his opening remarks to the assembled church members,

"Members of the Church of Pleasure at Murdock's Crossing it is my duty and my great pleasure to introduce to you the reincarnation of our Totem, The Kurva Whore! Chatelaine, please bring the Kurva whore forward!"

The pressure of Gertrude's hand was enough to start me down through the tunnel formed by the receiving lines. That was when I knew that I was really and truly going to need the support of Gertrude's hand for, as I passed each couple, I shook hands with the one on my right and then the one on my left. They, in turn, reached out with their free hand and stroked either the sign of the Bloody Hand and my clit or my cunt lips. The men usually pushed a finger in between my cunt lips and the women, without fail, gave my emergent clit a caress. I hadn't gone more than a very few steps and I was climaxing! It was only the pressure of Gertrude's hand that kept me upright otherwise, I would have been crawling on my hands and knees as orgasm after orgasm raced through me. My eyes glazed over and I was in a kind of stupor. My peripheral vision faded and I could only see straight ahead of me. This caused my stare to lock onto the cock of the leader and, as we drew nearer to that wonderful instrument of pleasure, I became more and more entranced by it. There were eighty people there and I lost count of my climaxes at seven, but I never lost sight of that beautiful cock!

After what seemed to be an exciting eternity, Gertrude and I arrived at the head of the line. We stopped and stood looking at the church-leader. BY this time, his cock was fully erect. I couldn't help myself. I dropped to my knees and began kissing and sucking that very attractive cock! A murmur ran throughout the crowd and I wondered if I had just ruined the whole ceremony. Gertrude leaned forward and once more whispered to me,

"You do exactly right thing! How you know?"

The Leader was speaking, but I was having difficulty hearing him and his voice was very erratic. No doubt my mouth was driving him towards his climax as my own became more imminent. Somehow, he kept his voice and emotions under control and continued with his introduction,

"Welcome, Totem, Kurva Whore! We are overjoyed that you have returned to us. May I introduce you to Frank who shall serve as your guide to the places of pleasure for today! Members, our greetings are over! Now, we shall give our blessings to June and Paul for they have promised their pleasures to one another. "

He looked very relieved when I withdrew my tongue and lips from his cock and stood alongside him. I don't know if what I did then was correct or not, but I couldn't restrain myself. I smiled at all of the assembled people and emphatically licked my lips. A ripple of amusement ran through the crowd. The Leader continued with his introduction of June and Paul by gesturing towards a curtained-off alcove on his left. The curtains were summarily drawn back and two very lovely teenagers – totally naked – stood before the congregation. Without any hesitation, the female took hold of the rampant cock of the young male and led him to a prepared bed. He stretched out upon the bed and she promptly flung a leg over his hips. In a matter of just a few seconds, they were united in a carnal embrace. June rapidly and emphatically fucked her man. I turned to the leader and asked him, 

"Does this mean that they are husband and wife?"

"Oh, no! They have merely promised to share their pleasures with each other."

Maud's comment about these people not believing in monogamy jumped into my mind. While I was digesting this, the leader said to a man who I had not hitherto noticed,

"Frank, if you are ready, I think it is time that you pleasure the Totem Kurva Whore! 

A sudden and very purposeful pressure from Gertrude's hand told me I should move! So, the ceremony was officially launched. 

Frank reached down and put his hand flush against my mound. His hand was big enough that his finger touched the tip of my clit. I shuddered with excitement and I began gasping as my desire resumed its' progress towards climax. I reached across towards him and took hold of his cock. The flaccid nature of his cock surprised me since I, myself, was excited by the anticipation of the sex to come. In this intimate fashion, we, along with Gertrude, proceeded to a position behind the leader and his table. There I saw what could only be a type of altar. The culmination of our sex was obviously to be found upon this altar. Frank lay down upon it and Gertrude helped me to mount him. She stood behind the altar so that the congregation could watch our joining. The little vixen must have thought this through before even starting the ceremony! Once I was straddling his hips, she guided his cock head inside my outer cunt lips. It was pleasurable just kneeling there with a cock in position to plunge into me.

"Frank, I will go very slow."

"I know. You have been sprinkled with that dust from the whore's bush and you are always on the edge of coming."

"How were you selected to be my partner today? Did you win a contest or something?"

"No. I was selected because I am one of your brothers!"

I gasped and my head jerked upwards. Gertrude took this opportunity to once more whisper to me, 

"He may be your father!"

I had wondered what having sex with one of my family would be like and now it was about to happen. I felt Gertrude's hand exerting a downward pressure on my ass and ever so slowly, I sank down a few millimeters upon Frank's cock. His cock was strengthening as it lay inside my cunt and my latest orgasm was growing! It was as if a wall had fallen inside of my psyche and my spirits flew to the skies as I felt my brother's cock inch deeper and deeper into my cunt. I knew that I was going to enjoy this beyond all that I had ever known. My brother was about to fuck me!

"Did you know my ... our mother?"

"Sure. Every fall, Jason and Michal and I would take our produce to market in the capital city. They are your other brothers. On one of my first trips, mom, 'happened' to meet up with me."

"Did that meeting lead to sex with her?"

"Sure. That's what she wanted. After that meeting, the three of us would go into the city together. We usually stayed with her for three days. She was a really hot mama! Her Kurva dust never let her calm down. Just the sight of a cock and she was off. We did singles and twosomes and threesomes. She told us about you and said that, someday, she would bring you to meet us. I guess she never got the chance, but here we are!"

"Yes, here we are! Didn't you feel strange making fuck with your own mother?"

"Well, maybe a little, at first. But she was one sexy babe and, after all, she was just like any other cunt. Her cunt was warmer than most of the ones I have experienced and it was as soft as a pile of goose down. She liked to fuck and she especially liked fucking me and Jason and Michal. She got a special thrill out of having sex with her own sons. Aren't you feeling something special?" 

I just nodded because I knew that there was something extraordinarily exciting about having my brother's cock deep within my cunt. I remembered how the sisters had laughed when I wondered about having sex with my family members. I thought to myself. "Oh God! This is excitingly different! Somehow, Frank's cock was touching secret parts of my cuntal passage and I was on fire with the resulting desire!" 

"She was really good at it. By the way, how old are you?"

"I'm thirty-two."

"When is your birthday?"

"I was born in May. Why do you ask?"

"I am fifty and the first time I fucked our mother I was just eighteen and it was in September!" 

Both of us paused as we contemplated what that might mean.

"In other words, I may be your father!"

My heart took another leap! I was not only fucking my brother, but just perhaps my father as well! There was a pause as we stared into each other's eyes. Neither one of us could bring ourselves to speak nor to continue our sexual actions. Then, good old Gertrude jammed her hand brusquely into my ass and I once more realized that I was reveling in animal sex with my brother! Not only did I feel that I was back in Maud's jungle, but I was thoroughly enjoying my sexual escapade with my brother. 

"Fuck me, daddy! Fuck your daughter!"

I had been listening to Frank's tale of his sexual adventures with our mother and not paying any attention to what I was doing. Gertrude was pumping her hand in and out of my ass like the piston of a pump. So, when I felt his pubic hair against my thighs, I was surprised. I knew that I had taken the full length of his cock into my cunt. I was especially surprised at how good it felt to have my brother's cock deep within my cunt! Or, was it my father's cock? Gertrude didn't allow me much time for considering my position. She began twisting and rubbing her hand inside of my ass and I exploded! My breathing became shallow and labored. I drove myself down hard upon Frank's cock. I began grunting as my climax drove downwards through my body towards my cunt. I screamed with pleasure as I climaxed and then I collapsed upon Frank's chest. I lay there while I regained my composure. Good old Gertrude whispered to me once more,

"Fucking a brother or your father is really good? Yes?" All I could do was to nod my head.

"Did you know that mama had a unique way of fucking?"

"No, Frank, I didn't know that. How would I? What do you mean?"

"When her climax started, she would twist and turn her butt and that would increase the pleasure for us. You are just like her! You have the same kind of twisting action when you climax!"

"Does that cause you pain?"

"Not at all, just the opposite! It makes the reaction of my cock more virulent. I want to blast my jism so deep into your cunt that I can hardly contain myself. Can you go again?"

"Absolutely. You didn't come, did you?"

"No, I have been taught to hold myself back so that the cunt I am fucking can get her passion up to a point where she and I can come together. But, you came faster than I expected. Shall we continue?"

My answer was direct, simple and clear. I raised my buttocks and began pumping my cunt up and down on his now very erect cock. I no longer needed any guidance from Gertrude. I was a driven slut!

I rolled my head to one side and looked at the rest of the church's congregation. They were engaged in a massive orgy! All that I could see was a huge pile of naked bodies tightly entwined in sexual positions. Their movements were frantic and frenzied. My own movements were just as wild and unrestrained. Then, a sudden impulse struck me and I began to sing! My voice was low, but it carried far and wide. The words of my song were strange even to me and, as I sang, the sexual violence of the congregation increased. The church's ceremony had developed into a wild orgy!

Far away, the cunts of the black dagger lodges heard the song and they immediately fell upon the males and took their cocks into their cunts. Jane pushed her son down and straddled his hips. He looked up at her with a frightened expression on his face for her cunt looked like a ravenous mouth about to devour him and her expression was one of wild, animal desire. Then, as she lowered herself down onto him, her cunt sucked his cock up inside of her! His body convulsed as his orgasm beat its' way through his body. Jane didn't even have to indulge in the fucking motion for her cunt sucked her son's cock steadily and continuously until he came again and again. And my song continued!

In the halls of the Lodge, the spirits rose even though it was broad daylight and each female was immediately impaled upon a ghostly cock! As good as the previous night-time experiences had been, the orgasms that the females experienced were many times more powerful. And they never stopped! Ghosts and females fucked throughout the whole day and even into the night. It was a magnificent orgy.

AND THE SONG OF THE NYMPH WAS HEARD THROUGHOUT THE LAND!