 "Glad to see that you are finally awake."

I squinted up at a female who was standing by my bedside. How long I had hung on that unearthly cock, I had no way of knowing and I was not now fully aware of what was happening.

"You should have told us yesterday when you arrived that you are a Murdock."

"But, I am not! My name is Malloy!"

"Yes, I know, but you have Murdock blood in your veins. If you don't believe me, all you have to do is throw back those covers and look at the mark on your belly!"

I threw off the covers and looked down at my body. That brought me to a fully awake status for, there, on my belly, was a bright red hand with splayed fingers! Every finger pointed towards my crotch, but the middle finger pointed directly at the top of my slit! In fact, the tip of that finger rested upon my clit!

"What does this mean? I must have gotten it last night!"

"Indeed you did. Miss Malloy, the spirits that roam the halls of the lodge are never wrong on this subject. Only the Murdock females ever get this on their bellies! So, you are a member of a very elite group of females -- the first family!"

It took me some time to digest this bit of news and, while I was thinking this over, I rolled onto my side. For the first time, I stared across at the opposite wall of the room. I gasped! I choked! And, I nearly fainted for there, on the wall, hung a life-size portrait of the spirit with the terrible face that I had seen the night before!

"It is plain that you recognize the Indian war chief. It was he who first put the curse upon this hill and the Murdock family. I have no doubt but what it was he who branded you last night."

At her mention of branding, I hastily ran my fingers over my belly. Sure enough, the skin had that scarred feel to it. So, this was no tattoo that might, at some future date, be removed. Like the slaves in the old south, I had been branded!

"I still maintain that I am not a Murdock! And, may I ask, just who in hell are you?" I was becoming a little angry over all this stuff happening to me without so much as a, 'by your leave'."

"My name is Mrs. Burlington, although I am more commonly referred to as, 'Mrs. B'. I manage the lodge for the family -- especially when they are not in residence. I will tell you this much: Evelyn Murdock, the old major's wife, had a daughter and she, in turn, had a daughter who then had three daughters. The names of two of these daughters were Rose and Jasmine. Ah, I see that you have recognized the names of your two aunts. The third daughter must have been your mother. So the Murdock bloodline flows directly into your veins. Look. Get up. Take your shower and then come to the dinning room. I will be eating my lunch and you may have your breakfast. I will fill you in on the history of the lodge -- as I know it -- and most of its' strange occurrences. Okay?"

I nodded and rose from the bed. When I had completed my morning toilet, I went in search of the dinning room. True to her word, Mrs. B was sitting at what must have been a private table. I walked over to her side and she beckoned for me to sit. A native girl appeared at my side and I put in my order for breakfast. Mrs. B spoke,

"Jenny, I have this or similar conversations with every new guest at the lodge -- usually on the day of their arrival. Most of them have some vague idea of what the lodge has to offer or they wouldn't have come here. Mostly, they will have heard stories from friends or, in some cases, other members of their various social clubs. Since you have already experienced a meeting with one of our permanent guests, I won't go into that. I can easily anticipate many of your questions, but, if I fail to make something clear to you, I will give you time later on to ask what you will.

First off, we utilize what in the normal world would be a crazy eating schedule and you should appreciate it at once. There are two reasons for this crazy schedule. Like you, most of our paying guests are so fatigued by the night's activities, that they sleep right through what would be the ordinary breakfast time. Besides, most of our help are girls from the reservation. They all know about the curse and refuse to work when the spirits of their ancestors are abroad during the night so we have to let them leave before it gets completely dark. Should you get hungry between meals or at other times, there is always fruit, milk, coffee, meat, cheese and bread available in the kitchen. Feel free to fix whatever you want.

While I am on the subject of eating, probably for the first time in your life, you are about to discover just how much prolonged sexual activity takes out of you. Most of our guests eat ravenously.

Now, about the sexual angle. Obviously, I don't have to inform you about the sexual activities that occur here every night. And, I am assuming that Paula and Carol gave you at least an overview of the history of the lodge?" I nodded. "What isn't generally known, it was the first Mrs. Murdock who really started the lodge as we know it today. She had stayed in Philadelphia while her husband was out running down the Indians, but, after the battle and her husband's descriptions of this place, she decided to travel west to see the site of his famous victory. By the time she arrived, a one-room log cabin had been erected and that's were the Murdock's lived. Actually, the Major didn't spend much time in that cabin for, soon after her arrival, the Major learned some very disquieting things about his Philadelphia wife. Oh, I forgot to mention that Evelyn was an artist -a painter- and she specialized in portraits. To answer your obvious question -- yes it was she who painted the portrait of the war chief that hangs in your room.

Your next logical question is, 'How, on earth could she paint a dead man?' The answer was, simply, that she had the Major's soldiers erect a frame upon which she could suspend the bodies. The next part of the story goes something like this. One evening, she was working on the chief's portrait and it got quite late. The spirit of the chief appeared and did to her something similar to what was done to you last night. Thus, the lascivious side to this eastern belle was activated and revealed. The Indians say that her cabin was never quiet from that night until she died. She must have bequeathed this huge desire for sex to her daughter and, through her, to the others in the female Murdock line. Admit it. You are easily aroused and you like nothing more than a good fuck!" 

I had to smile at her remark. I also had to concentrate upon my plate in order to hide my embarrassment.

Mrs. B paid my embarrassment little or no attention. She merely continued with her story.

"Evelyn had also discovered something that few people know. She had discovered that it is quite possible for a ghost to have sex with a human female. Ever read any of those romance novels where a living female falls in love with a ghost? The authors of such stories always titillate the reader by hinting at sex between the two of them, but they never come right out and state that it is possible. We, here at the lodge, know that it is.

Jenny, spirits can do many things that a living male can never even hope to accomplish. They can get into positions that are almost unbelievable and, what is more, they can get their partner into some really weird positions, too. It is this ability that prompts us to advertise that females can indulge in their wildest fantasies here at the lodge. The spirits have an added capability that often surprises our guests. They can sense what form of sex you want. They read that deep down desire that nearly every female harbors in her heart and they act it out for them. Naturally, this makes the lodge even more attractive to a lot of females. Okay, I see that you are just waiting to ask me a question so go ahead. What do you want to know?"

"Mrs. B. I have seen a living female with a cock shoved down into her throat and I have seen another female with what could only be a spirit's cock protruding from her mouth and I, myself, have felt a similar cock travel the whole length of my body up to and including my throat. How in hell did the three of us breathe? Why didn't we suffocate?"

"Boy, your first question is a good one and it is one of those that I cannot answer. Don't feel that you and those others were singled out in any way. It happens to all of us and it has been a common question for as long as the Lodge has been in existence. Our only answer is this: When the spirit fucks you, you, somehow, enter another world and, in that world, you are able to take in your breath. I think that you will be like most of us and just ignore that problem. Suffice it to say that you will never suffocate from spirit sex. Most females who have spirit sex will tell you that they are on some kind of plane and, while they are there, they experience some kind of weird sexual event. Each occasion differs so I can't tell you what you will see, but don't be surprised at what happens to you in that other world! Any other questions?"

"Just one more. Are all of these females who come here nymphomaniacs?"

"No. Absolutely not! Some are, but most of our patrons are what you would call, 'normal' women."

"Then why?"

"Why come here? Every female has an answer to that question that fits her desires. Wild and free sex fits a lot of them. Being able to indulge in the sex that they desire without being judged or castigated fits most of them. You may not realize it, but there is a hidden question embedded in the one you ask. And, that is: 'What am I?' Practically all of our patrons suffer from one kind of uncertainty. Most have achieved the status in life that from their childhood onward they were led to believe was their destiny. But, now, even though they are all happily married, they find that there is something lacking . Believe it or not, sex with a spirit gives them the answer to that question."

"How's that? I didn't think the lodge held classes or things like that." 

"We don't. It is something that comes from deep within them. Jenny, when mankind first climbed down from the trees, certain tasks were naturally assigned to the sexes. Men were the hunters and females bore the children. However, it wasn't very long before both sexes discovered that they had been gifted with a wondrous prize. They could have sex merely for the physical pleasure it gave them without any thought of procreation. The females didn't doubt their role of procreation and pleasure. What we here now call, 'P and P'. Then along came civilization and society and, somehow, that last, 'P' got subordinated to the first one. Society set up a whole set of rules by which men and women were supposed to function. The concept of undesirable sex arose from these rules. I'll bet you have heard your mother say, 'that's nasty' or 'good girls don't do things like that!' or something equivalent. Coming here and having unbridled sex with an unknown, faceless male wipes out all of that prohibition and puts sex -- fucking -- back on a strictly animal basis. Any number of our guests have told me how free they feel after a session with us. Several have even told me of the wild, free sex they have enjoyed with their husbands after leaving here. Sex on park benches, the hoods of their cars and on deserted beaches. As a result of this consequence, we refer to our, 'graduates' as either a, 'vagina' or a, 'cunt'. A vagina has not become a totally liberated female whereas a cunt is wild in her pursuit of sexual pleasure. I hope I don't shame you, but, considering your background, you are definitely a, 'cunt'. That is one of the ugliest terms in the English language, but it describes one set of females to a Tee. The spirit counterpart term is, 'Phallus'. Think over what I have said and we shall talk again, but right now, I see my Maitre D` waving at me so I must see what problem has arisen." 

Mrs. B rose and went to where her Maitre D` was standing. They were too far away for me to hear what they were discussing so I concentrated upon finishing my breakfast. Just as I got up to leave the dinning room, Mrs. B came back to the table. 

"There is one thing I forgot to tell you. It is so seldom that I brief a Murdock that I didn't think to tell you about one aspect of your heritage. Since you bear the mark of the red hand, you will be able to see the spirits -- so, don't be frightened. Under normal conditions, our other guests can not do this, but since you are a cunt of the Red Hand Lodge, you are capable of seeing the other members of the lodge."

With that she turned and left the dinning room. I wasn't at all certain that I liked being referred to as, 'a cunt of the Red Hand Lodge', but I thought that just maybe this went with the territory. When I was once more back in my own rooms, I took stock of what I had. The bed was huge. It would easily accommodate three and probably four people. There was a dressing table and, when I first saw it, I nearly burst out laughing because it was just as messy and uncoordinated as the one I had back in Philadelphia. Double doors opened onto an extra large closet. As I looked at all of the clothing that still hung in that closet, I knew that soon I was going to have to have a house-cleaning. There were two items that caught and held my interest. The first one was a large chair-recliner. Other than the dressing table chair, this was the only other piece of furniture. It was situated alongside the bed and it faced the second item in the room. This was a large, life-like portrait of what could only be the war chief in full regalia. The old Mrs. Murdock must have been a really talented portrait painter for her rendition of the Indian chief was so life-like that I halfway expected him to step down from his place on the wall. If I hadn't known better, I would have sworn that the eyes of that figure in the painting followed me as I moved about the room! The recliner was positioned so that anyone sitting in the chair would be staring directly across the bed at the portrait. As I inspected the room, I began to feel a little drowsy so, I sat in the recliner to rest.

There was a panel in the arm rest of the recliner and I wondered what each button controlled. I soon found out. I pushed one button and I was immediately moved backwards until I was nearly prone. The head rest on the chair was elevated so that I wasn't looking up at the ceiling, but, rather, my head was still in a position where I looked at the portrait. Obviously, the designer of this chair intended that its' occupant should never take their eyes off the portrait. I pushed a second button, and the portion of the chair under my knees began lifting and separating. The end result was that I was sitting there with both my knees elevated and parted. Now, not only my eyes were pointed at the picture, but my cunt and ass as well! I was in the perfect position for fucking! I stared at the face in the picture and it looked to me as if that face had suddenly begun smiling!

For some reason, the exposure of my body and the steady stare of the Indian's face caused my libido to respond and I gradually got hornier and hornier. Before I knew what I was doing, my hand had slid through the opening in my gown and was caressing my mound, my clit and the lips of my cunt. I had often masturbated before, but this created a sensation unlike any I had experienced before. My knees spread further apart. My hips pushed upward and my other hand began rubbing my tit and nipple. I was fingering myself before a crazy picture! And, I was being stimulated beyond my wildest expectations. The single finger inside my cunt was soon replaced by all four of my fingers! I drove them as deeply into my cunt as it was possible to do and then raked them along the inner top of my cunt as I jerked them out -- only to thrust them back in again! My thumb kept hitting my girly phallus thus adding to my arousal and my fingers repeatedly hit a certain spot in the wall of my cunt that nearly sent me over the edge. My hips began to buck against the intrusion of my fingers. My belly was roiling as I pushed with all my strength so as to let my orgasm free. A hot tickling sensation radiated through my vagina and my cunt muscles contracted deliciously. Each stroke of my fingers sent sparks sizzling through my cunt. Then, I came! My God, how I came! My come coated my whole hand with my juice. As my belly slowly returned to something approaching normality, I freed my fingers and held then before my face. Then, like a ravenous beast, I licked all of my come juice from them. The last thing I remember was sucking my wet fingers into my mouth. I must have fainted for I knew nothing more.

How long I was unconscious, I don't really know. It must have been hours and hours for, when I regained my senses, it was dark in the room. Night had fallen. I lay there for quite a long time- dreamily reliving my terrific orgasm. Then, suddenly, I became aware of the fact that someone or something was in the room with me. My eyes opened wide and I scanned the room. Then, I saw it! Or was it a, 'him'? I stared and he gradually assumed a more human shape. It was the man from the picture on the wall! I recalled that Mrs. B had told me that I would be able to actually see the ghostly warriors and here I was -- staring one of them in the face!

He wasn't quite the same as he had been painted. This figure was naked from the waist down! When I discovered this, I gasped at the size of the phallus that jutted out from his lower belly. It wasn't excessively long, but the girth of that monster was enormous! Describing it as a, 'Phallus' instead of a cock was very apropos. The head alone was as big as my clenched fist! I couldn't take my eyes off it! I stared at it and a hunger and a fear grew in my belly. Surely, I wasn't expected to take such a huge instrument into my body. There was no way I could ever do that without ripping my cunt and guts to shreds!

The hand that I had used to pleasure myself slyly crept down along my body until it was once again stroking my cunt! This motion added fuel to the fire that had begun to blaze inside of me. Neither one of us moved. Then, I recalled Paula and Carol's comment about, 'groveling'!

"Well, buster. If you think I am going to grovel in order to get a taste of that monster, you've another think coming." At least, that is what I said to myself. But, then, why did I find myself sliding out of the chair and crawling across the floor to that unearthly figure?

Close up, his phallus appeared to be even larger than I had at first thought. I knew at once that I could not, in any way, get that head through my lips and into my mouth. But, I could lick it! Slowly, tentatively, I extended my tongue until just its' tip touched the stalk of his phallus. A shock ran through me and, in just seconds, I was frantically licking every inch of his phallus. He didn't move! He just stood there as if to say that my ministrations to his phallus were perfectly normal and expected.

A slow stream of some kind of liquid emanated form the slot in the head of the phallus and slowly slid down the length of his phallus. I licked it into my mouth and felt an immediate reaction. I thought, "Oh, God! This must be the spirit balm that those women had spoken about!" The more I swallowed, the more I wanted and the yearning to feel his phallus in my cunt grew and grew. Slowly, without any noticeable effort, the figure slid down onto the floor. He was lying on his back and that terrible phallus jutted straight up into the air! Then, I suddenly realized what he was expecting me to do. I was to humiliate myself by using his huge phallus to fuck myself! I swore to myself that I would not debase myself in such a depraved manner -- still, what was causing me to swing my leg across his hips in order to position that gigantic head directly below my cunt opening? I was terrified! I was no longer in control of my body or my desires! Still, I began lowering myself onto that frightening phallus. Fear made me stop when I felt it touch my cunt lips. I just couldn't make myself go any further down onto his phallus. But, that awful phallus acted upon my body like a huge loadstone. It drew me downward until I felt my cunt lips spreading and the very tip of the head entering my cunt. Inch-by-inch, I settled upon it. The pressure inside my cuntal passage was intense and I had to scream with the pain the passage of this monster was causing me. Yet, somehow, it kept on creeping ever deeper into my cunt. Not even my cervix stopped its' forward progress. I felt a tearing as I burst through into my uterus and, for a few minutes, I lost consciousness again. When I regained my senses again, I knew that I had taken the whole length of that monster into me. For my buttocks were resting upon his pubic hair!
