 "You must have had a hard day."

"Boy, did I ever!"

"You should get into the shower right away. It is almost time for dinner."

"I think I'll take a bath instead."

"I wouldn't do that if I were you."

"For heaven's sake, Jane, why not?"

"You got male jism all over your backside and if you get into a bath, well, you'll mess up the water. A shower will be much better."

I turned and looked at myself in the big mirror. Then, I nearly choked. Jane was absolutely right. There were streaks of dried jism crisscrossing my ass and the backs of my upper thighs. I almost began to cry. Being a once-in-a-while whore was okay with me, but, a whore who takes on five or six men a day every day plus a ghostly swain at night – well, that was more than I could handle. And, Mrs. B expected me to do that six days a week! I wished that I had never come to this damned lodge!

Jane came over to me and put her arm around my shoulders.

"It will get easier. Now, get yourself cleaned up. Mrs. B wants to introduce you to the other guests."

Jane literally pushed me into the shower and I'll have to admit that the rush of warm water did wonders for my down-in-the-mouth feelings. When I had dried off and stepped back into the bedroom, I was a little shocked to see both Jane and Mrs. B standing there. It wasn't the fact that they were both there. Rather, it was the fact that both of them were stark naked!

"Surely, Mrs. B, you don't intend to go to dinner dressed – or, should I say, undressed – like that!"

"I most certainly do and I expect that you will go in this style as well. I anticipate that every guest will greet you dressed in this fashion. Jenny, you must always remember that the females who come to the lodge are here for one thing and one thing only! SEX! From the time that they enter the lodge until the moment that they leave, they are prepared for sex and that means moving about the lodge naked. And, being naked in the presence of others increases the feeling of liberation. Many of them have told me that it gives them a feeling of licentiousness. You have just been too busy with your own concerns to pay them any attention."

That caused me to suck in my breath for I suddenly realized that I hadn't actually seen any of the other guests in a, 'normal' situation. I had seen two of then suspended from the cocks of ghosts and, they, quite naturally, were naked. As for the dress of the other guests during the daytime, well, I really didn't know what they did. Then, I thought to myself, "Oh, what the hell! They can't do any more than laugh at me!"

I wasn't as brave as I let on and, as Mrs. B and I approached the door to the dinning room, I managed to somehow take up a position a little behind her. Jane lagged even further behind us. I needn't have worried. As we entered, thirty-five women of all ages, sizes and descriptions rose from their tables and faced us. Without fail, they were all naked and in various stages of aging. There were droopy tits, grey pubic hairs, firm tits and protruding nipples and, of course, shaved cunts. I was reminded of the girl's locker room in a school for mature females.

"Guests of the Lodge at Murdock Crossing, it is my honor and pleasure to present to you the new owner of the lodge – a true Murdock – Miss Jenny Malloy!"

A burst of applause ensued. Then there was a general movement in my direction. In just a very few minutes, I became a receiving line of one. It was strange to be standing there shaking the hands of so many naked females – me who had even been a little embarrassed in the girl's showers at school. Finally, the last female marched past me and Mrs. B and I were allowed to proceed to our table. Or, was it now my table? 

"Why were they so glad to meet me?"

"Jenny, many of those women have been coming here for years. Spending time here at the lodge has -for them - become their yearly sexual vacation. There is no other place like this lodge anywhere in the world. The old-timers know that, if the lodge is to continue, a Murdock must be found who will fulfill the role established by those Murdock women who preceded her."

"In other words, they were looking for a Murdock whore!"

Mrs. B didn't deign to answer me. Instead, she ignored my rather crude remark and began ordering our dinner.

As the three of us left the dinning room, Jane sidled over and whispered to me,

"Don't forget. Tonight you go to room twenty-five!"

"When?"

"Wait until one hour after dark. Then the room will be ready for you."

"Don't you mean that a huge ghostly cock will be waiting for me."

"Sure, that, too."

And, before I could ask her what she meant, she turned and was gone. Then, I remembered that the Indian females were deathly afraid of being inside the lodge after dark. As for me, I went back upstairs to my room after dinner and promptly fell across the bed. I was completely bushed and I wasn't at all sure that I could stand another frenzied fucking this night. 

Waiting for the night to fall was easier than I had thought possible. The fatigue that I felt caused me to relax and, before I knew it, darkness had come. I rose and went in search of room twenty-five. It wasn't difficult to locate, but I hesitated before opening the door and entering. Then, when I finally looked into the room, I was astonished at how few items of furniture it contained. The inevitable bed was there, of course, and a dressing table with a mirror. There wasn't any sign of a closet, but there was a stand-alone wardrobe. The full-length portrait of a rather young looking Indian man stared down at me from the wall. The only other piece of furniture was a straight-backed chair. I sat down on this chair and waited.

I must have dozed a little for when I opened my eyes, there stood my lothario of the night. He was grinning at me with something like an evil glint in his eyes. We stared at one another for what seemed to me to be quite a long time. Then I motioned towards the floor and he promptly fell down. Actually, he floated down onto his back on the floor. That nasty grin never left his face and, as I watched, his mouth opened and the nastiest looking snake began sliding out from between his lips. It wasn't really a snake, but his tongue certainly looked like a snake. I stepped over closer to him and, before I knew what he was doing, he had seized my hips and had hoisted me up to a position directly before his face. His intentions were all too obvious and I waited excitedly for his next movement. It was not long in coming. His fingers wrapped themselves around my thighs and he began pulling the lips of my cunt open. He pulled and he pulled until I thought that he was going to tear my cunt wide open in his attempt to get more access to my guts. The head of his snake stabbed into me and it began piercing my cunt! My arousal from the afternoon's activities had not completely died down so, the first inward sensations of his tongue quickly rekindled the fires in my belly. I began climaxing almost at once! His tongue in my cunt felt like a fire brand that was searing my insides. There wasn't any pain – only the constant necessity of pushing my come through my body. I groaned and I grunted with the effort. If he hadn't been holding me rather tightly, the strenuous wriggling of my body in response to my orgasm would have thrown me to the floor. As it was, I was flopping about in practically every direction as my orgasm tore through my nervous system. I couldn't control my head or my arms! I was certain that I was in the same missionary position as the first female I had watched. Then, suddenly and surprisingly, I was completely upside down and he was shoving his tongue down into my cunt! I don't know how far into my cunt his tongue traveled because the orgasms he was causing in me soon drove me out of my conscious mind.

When my dream-state coalesced, I saw that I wasn't on the gold-ingot plane this time. No, quite the contrary. I was laying on a small table with my legs in the air and, try as I might, I couldn't bring them down to the table top! It was a very vulnerable position since all of my private parts were blatantly exposed. I twisted around on the table in an attempt to see where I was and who, if anyone, was with me. The entire area was almost dark, but, as I stared about me, I noticed a group of figures standing a ways off from me. For the longest time, they just stood and stared at my openings . Actually, something told me that they were not staring AT my openings, but they were staring INTO my openings. I had never though of sight as something you could feel, but I certainly felt the probing of those eyes! Then they began moving towards me.

Two facets of their appearance astonished me. From the pictures I had seen that very afternoon, I quickly recognized Evelyn, her daughter, my two aunts and my mother! There was a sixth figure and this was a small wizened Indian woman. She looked vaguely familiar, but I was too absorbed in looking at my forebears to scrutinize her features. The six figures formed a circle about the table where I was laying with the little Indian woman standing between my splayed open legs. The second eerie thing about their appearance was the fact that the red hand figures on each of their bellies were actually glowing! In fact, the light from their fiery bellies was the only light available! This belly-light threw a crimson glow onto the area around the table. It also cast their faces in a most ghastly light! That they were all specters, was undeniable! 

"I am Mary Running-Deer and these are the sisters of the bloody hand sisterhood. We are here to determine whether or not you are acceptable as a member of the sisterhood. Sisters of the bloody hand, shall I continue?"

Her question was answered quickly with a chorus of, 'Ayes'.

"Very well. Let us begin. Rose and Jasmine shall anoint her tit bubbles."

The two figures I had recognized as my aunts stepped up on either side of me and began spreading some kind of salve on my nipples. The effect was almost immediate. My nipples sprang to attention and became so erect that I thought they would leap off of my chest. I had never had nipples that were large and prominent, but now, my nipples were expanding by the minute. Whatever it was that they were spreading on them was causing them to grow! Not only did my nipples become hard and ever so much more prominent, but they were pulling my tits into a more upright position. I felt my tits swelling and – like my nipples – straining to rise off my chest. I had heard females talk about how their tits felt once they underwent breast-implant surgery and I knew that my tits were now acting in the very same way! I wanted desperately to caress them, but my aunts each held one of my hands. The Indian woman spoke again.

"The other sisters are going to insert some of the fruit of the Kurva bush into your sex mouths. The pain should not be unbearable. The use of the fruit of the Kurva bush is very appropriate for it is known as the, 'whore's bush'."

She held up what appeared to be a small gourd. It had a long slender neck that gradually swelled out into the characteristic gourd shape. The largest part of this thing – whatever it was – looked to be about the size of a medium-sized apple. I gasped at this and started to try to voice an objection, only Evelyn's daughter promptly and forcibly pushed one of these fruits into my mouth. I gagged when the long , thin nose of the fruit was forced into my throat. But, no one paid me the least attention. The bulbous portion of this awful fruit kept my mouth from closing so no sound other than mutterings was possible.

Hands grabbed my shoulders and hips and I was rolled over onto my stomach. Then, my hips were jerked up into a doggy position and something was pushed into my ass! The slender neck was not really any problem, but, as the body of that gourd got larger and larger, I began to feel the pain of penetration. I struggled in an attempt to scream, but it was impossible for me to make a sound. Tears of pain began running down my cheeks and sobs of embarrassment strained to be heard, but all was silence! The terrible knowledge that I was helpless while these sadistic creatures subjected me to this debauched treatment, pushed me to the peak of self-pity. But, the progress of that terrible nature's instrument into my very guts never ceased nor slowed. I thought the pain and discomfort would never end, when, suddenly, the bulb of the gourd burst through my sphincter ring and I knew that the whole monstrous fruit was inside my ass! I was stuffed like a Thanksgiving turkey! The base of that horrendous fruit was even larger than the cock head of my resident ghost! I did not know which one of these ghostly tormentors was the one who forced that thing up inside of me, but I was certain that, whoever it was, she had taken a perverse delight in all of the pain she had caused me.

I was rolled back onto my back and, as I looked down between my open legs, I spied the face of my mother! The two of us stared at each other for several heartbeats. The expression on her face went from one of tenderness to one of grim purpose. She, too, had one of those horrific gourds in her hand and the look on her face got even meaner and scarier as she contemplated fucking me with nature's own dildo! She just gave a little chuckle and quickly and abruptly jammed the neck of the gourd she was holding through my outer cunt lips and part-way through my inner lips as well! I was frantically shaking my head from side-to-side in a vain attempt to signal her to stop, but it did me no good. She leaned against the bulbous end of her gourd and pushed it steadily further and further into my cunt! I felt the end of that gourd-neck hit my cervix and I knew it was as far inside of my cunt as it was going to go. I was wrong! My mother moved to one side and her place was taken by the Indian woman. She promptly put the weight of her body against the end of the gourd and began twisting it from side-to-side. Somehow, she managed to push it even deeper into me. I felt the small opening of my cervix give under the pressure she was exerting on the gourd and the neck of the gourd burst through and into my uterus! I nearly fainted with the pain, but she continued fucking me with the gourd! My whole belly was wracked with the pain of this fucking and I was certain that they were intent upon destroying me! Then, she resumed her cork-screwing motion with the gourd and my body disgraced me! I felt an orgasm forming deep within my belly! I wanted to cry out, "NO! NO! Don't give these monstrous harridans the pleasure of seeing me climax as a result of being fucked by a plant! Stop it!" But, it was to no avail. That climax began somewhere under my rib cage and tore its' way down through my guts and out of my body. I fainted with the effects of that awful, magnificent orgasm!

How long I was out of touch with reality – I don't know, but, when I came to, those horrific gourds were still inside of my body. The old Indian woman was the first to move. 

She climbed up onto the table with a foot on each side of my hips. There, she squatted. I was treated to a vivid sight of her open cunt and, as I watched, she began bleeding from between the lips of her cunt onto my belly! As the drops of her blood fell on my body, she used her right index finger to spread the blood all over my lower belly. At least, that is what I thought she was doing. I lifted my head slightly and looked down along my body. She wasn't just spreading her blood aimlessly over my belly, she was using her blood to paint the brand of that awful hand that pointed directly to my clit! She carefully never allowed any of her blood to stray outside that figure. And, as she spread her blood over that frightening design, it turned into a bright scarlet color! I could have sworn that it actually began to glow with some kind of inner light!

"Shall I initiate this novitiate?"

There was an answering chorus of, "Yes! Initiate her!"

My eyes were fixed upon the cunt of this crazy little woman so I saw the single drop of blood form and then hang from her clit! I watched as she slowly moved her finger in the direction of that drop of blood. I was startled to see the size of her clit! I recalled an earlier comment about the sizes of the clits of the Murdock whores, but I was not prepared for the woman-cock that I now saw before me. This appendage was indeed of a momentous size. It was as large as the cock of a teen-aged boy! She carefully took that drop of blood onto the very tip of her finger and then she allowed it to drip onto my clit!

My whole body exploded! My teeth clenched on the fruit gourd in my mouth and it burst! I felt a fine spray of dust in my mouth and throat! My ass muscles clenched on the gourd in my ass and it burst! There was an immediate flooding of my ass channel by a mist of the same kind of dust! Finally, I felt my cunt spasm and the gourd in my cunt burst, too! The ever present dust cloud spread throughout every part of my cunt channel! The little Indian woman gave out with an eerie cackle.

"Once more, I have my revenge! From this time onward, you shall be driven to copulate with every male and every female you encounter. You shall be unable to deny them the use of your bodily cavities! We have inundated your body and its' senses with the fruit from the, 'whore bush'! The cage in which you kept your carnal desires pent up has been destroyed and those desires are loose within the universe which is your body! The fruit of the whore bush will keep your desires at a fever pitch for the rest of your life! You are now and forever a sister in the sisterhood of the bloody hand just as are these other Murdock whores! And, when your daughter comes of age, I shall inundate her sex openings with the self-same fruit! As it has been for over a century; so it shall always be!""

The last thing I heard was the echoes of that sinister cackle.

I was still hearing that terrible cackle as I slowly regained my earthly senses. The ghost's tongue was completely through my body and its' tip extended beyond my mouth lips. I was climaxing only this climax was much more vigorous than any I had ever experienced before! I tentatively reached up and touched my tits. They were extremely firm! Not rock hard, but firm! Still there was a kind of tenderness to the touch. I put one finger upon each nipple and nearly exploded! They were so sensitive that just touching them caused another orgasm to rise immediately! My ghostly lover withdrew his tongue from my cunt and rolled me onto the floor. He left me there writhing in blissful agony as my latest climax spent itself. As my come subsided, I noticed a reddish color in the room. I stared down at my belly and I saw that my bloody hand was glowing! I realized that this was a part of that witch's revenge! Now, no matter where I might go, if the people knew of the Indian curse, they would recognize me for what I was: a sex-mad, animal in the form of a human female. A sense of sexual euphoria completely engulfed my body. Even my throat gave me the sense that I wanted a cock in my mouth to satisfy my desire. 

I made my way back to my room. I soon found that I had to walk with my legs slightly apart or, if I didn't, I would climax at every step or so. Whichever guest was scheduled for my room had long since departed so I was alone. I stood before the portrait of the Indian chief and silently cursed him, my male forebear and all of the other sisters of the bloody hand! I hadn't earned this and I didn't deserve to be humiliated in this fashion. But, as I looked upon his physique, my body began the stimulating reaction that the old witch had forecast. I pranced around in front of that painting with an open mouth and flaunted my cunt and my ass! I had turned my back on the painting when I suddenly felt the cold hand of a ghost push in between my legs. I looked quickly over my shoulder to see the face of the chief leering at me as his hands caressed and stroked my cunt and ass! I wanted him! God, how I wanted him! He spoke! It was unnatural to hear his voice!
