 What little time I had allowed myself for sleep after my bout with the chief, was an exercise in futility. No matter how I positioned myself in the bed, sooner or later, I began to climax. The rubbing of the bed clothes was enough to excite my body to a point where it began responding. Finally, a short while after day-break, I surrendered to the inevitable. I got up and paced about my room. I happened to stop in front of my full-length mirror and I got my first look at my self after my induction into the sisterhood. My tits looked as though someone had cemented two halves of a melon onto my chest. There was no drooping or sagging and my nipples pointed straight forward. My areolas had developed a swarthy coloration and my nipples looked like someone had dropped a cherry smack dab in the middle of each areola! What's more, my cherry nipples were each at least a half-inch long! The scar tissue that had marked my branding was gone. It was replaced by nice, even skin so that my belly was as smooth as a baby's ass!

Then, I gasped! My clit had taken on a completely different aspect! Where, as before, it had always been hidden by its' sheath now it protruded from the top of my cunt slit! Like my nipples, it, too, was a half inch long or more! I recalled Jane's characterization of it as a, 'girly cock'! It was even topped by a red bulb that seemed to mirror a male's cock-head! I made my first mistake as I tentatively stuck a finger down toward it. I just barely touched it, but that touch caused a jolt to slam through my body as if I had been struck by lightning! The ensuing climax threw me to the floor where I lay gasping and writhing under the pressures of a painful, but delicious ecstasy! Slowly, I recovered my senses enough to remove my finger from my clit-head.

"Holy cow! That marks the end of tight under-pants for you!"

Fortunately, it had rained during the night and it was still raining this morning. All of that rain would make the road a mess so my daily trip to the cabin was delayed until the next day. But, the next day was Sunday and I was scheduled to attend the church services in the town, so I had a day or more to think over my situation. 

It took me nearly an hour to achieve a point where I could get up and my resulting steps towards the dining room could only be described as a drunken stagger. I managed to reach my table and was just sitting down when one of the oldest of our guests came over to me.

"It seems strange to greet you with a, 'Good Morning' in the middle of the day, but since most of us spent the entire night in the throes of sexual pleasure, it is fitting that I do so. So, 'Good Morning'. You look as though you had an especially hard night! Care for some idle chatter?"

"Absolutely. I am not very good company for myself today so talking with another inmate of this crazy asylum is just what I need. I am Jenny. And, you are?"

"I'm Maud and I am well aware of who you are."

"I know I'm being rude, but may I ask you a question?"

"Not at all, but I know what it is you want to ask. I am seventy-eight! And I have been coming to the Lodge for some sixty-odd years! Now, your next question is, undoubtedly, 'Why?' So, here's my story. I think you may profit from hearing it. It starts before I even knew there was a Lodge at Murdock Crossing. I was young. Not yet nineteen. I knew that my mother had always taken a yearly vacation -- as she called it - but I didn't know where she spent the time. I was two months from my nineteenth birthday when, one day, my mother took my hand and announced, 'Come on, Maud dear. You and I are going to the circus!' You have to realize that, for my mother to say this, was a really big departure from her normal, rather austere demeanor. Oh, I should tell you that my mother was a college professor and she taught world literature. I was shocked, but I went along with what I thought must be the first stages of elderly dementia! We piled into her car and away we went only our first stop was not where the circus was being presented, but rather, we stopped at the zoo! Things had gone from absurdity to -- well, utter craziness!

We walked all over the zoo until we found the cages where the big cats were housed. Mother stood and looked at the cats for the longest time. As we stood there staring at the big cats, mom said, "This is the jungle and these animals are in their proper surroundings!" Now, I've got to interrupt my story to make sure you understand something about my mother. She was not the kind of mother who was always telling you, in no uncertain terms, what you could and could not do. What you should and should not do. Instead, she much preferred to lay out an idea and let you ponder over it for as long as it was necessary -- with the calm assurance that sooner or later you would come to the right conclusion. And, by, 'right conclusion' , she always accepted that you might very well reach a conclusion that was not what she would have preferred. So, as we stood there, gazing at the big cats, I knew that there was some kind of message in this for me, but I was unable to discern what it was.

Then we piled back into the car and, just as she had said, we went to the circus. We were both having a great time when she looked at me and said, "Isn't it a shame for them to try to make humans out of the animals?" That brought me up short and I began to stare more intently at the animal performers. However, I still couldn't make the connection that she was obviously driving me towards. Then, three weeks later, as we drove up onto that old bridge, over that dry wash, mom looked at me and told me, "Look behind you. That is the circus! Now, look ahead, that is the jungle!" I knew she was referring to that day at the zoo, but her meaning missed me again. We drove through Murdock's Crossing and, as you probably were, I was somewhat distressed. After all, I had come from a very large city and this was nothing but a rickety, old dump. Mom maneuvered the car up to the lodge and got me a room in the guest cabins. Her parting remark was, "I'll go check in and then I'll come back for you and we will go to dinner." Dinner? At that time of day? But, this wasn't the greatest surprise that she had in store for me. When she returned, I could only stare at her. I know that my eyes were bulging out of my head and my mouth was wide open in surprise. My mother was bare-assed naked!

"Mom! Where are your clothes? You are totally nude!"

"No, Maud, I am not nude, I am naked! Here there is a definite difference. Remember, this is the jungle! We left the circus out there on the highway. Come. Let's go eat."

Frankly, I didn't know whether or not I wanted to follow this strange woman! Surely, once she entered the lodge, she would be extremely embarrassed. I was wrong. Hugely wrong. As we walked into the dinning room, I - the fully clothed one - was the one who was embarrassed! For every where I looked I saw nothing but nude women! Then, as we ate our dinner, mom gave me my second lesson in living.

"Maud, what do you think the purposes were of that very first female who struggled down out of the trees?"

I could only shake my head in utter confusion.

"Maud, the purposes o f those first females were two-fold: To procreate and to give and receive pleasure. What we here call P and P behavior. All of these women have come here to recapture the sensations of being among those first females! To do this, they will have nightly sex with the ghosts that haunt this lodge! A faceless, unseen male will fulfill their every sexual wish. What? I can see by your expression that you want to ask me a question so ask away."

"Mom, are you saying that all of these women are nymphos?"

"Not at all. These women are seeking an answer to the question, 'Why am I here?' or, in many cases, 'What am I?'"

"And they get answers to these questions in this place?"

"Yes, they do. Just as I have over the years. This is where I spend my yearly vacations!"

"But, mom! You are a college professor! An expert in your field! What more do you need to know?"

"Honey, those terms are the costumes that I wear when I am in the circus! Here, I am in my natural element: the basic environment in which I was first conceived and born. Here I am reduced to my natural status as an animal! Here, I am a cunt!"

I nearly fell off my chair. Never in my life had I ever heard my mother use language of this kind. 'Damn' was even verboten in our household.

"We stayed at the lodge for almost a month and, sometime during that stay, I realized what my mother was telling me. It hit me with a sudden great force. Mom was showing me what my original purpose in life was and what it was today. I won't belabor the point, but, in the sixty years that I have been coming here, I have seen numerous females reach the same conclusion. That is, they are not women, girls, ladies, brides, mothers, dames, whores, college professors, corporation heads or society grand-dames. First and always, they are cunts! Basic animal cunts!"

Maud paused to let me digest her remarks. I wondered, "Is that what I am? Is that what I am meant to be?" 

We ended our conversation on that note and I returned to my room. My head was completely discombobulated. No matter how hard I thought over what Maud had said, I couldn't reach any sensible conclusion. That night, I got my answer. When my ghostly fucking partner lifted me up onto the plane of pleasure, I once more saw the sisterhood arrayed before me. For a very long time, we stared at one another. Then, each, in turn, came to me and said, "Yes! You are an animal cunt just as I am!" When each had spoken, they faced me and said, in unison, "Welcome sister cunt!" My doubts were allayed as I realized what my status in life was to be.

The next day, I went in search of Maud. I wanted to know more about me, my purpose and my background. I found her, as usual, in the dinning room.

"Aha, I can tell by the look on your face that you have discovered something about yourself. Tell me, are you dismayed by what you have learned?"

"Not at all. I guess that I have always been a cunt and now I know that is just what I am destined to be. Would you tell me more about this place and the other people? Did you know my mother?"

"Of course, I did. She was a very nice person and I was sorry when she left."

"What was the true reason for her leaving the Lodge?"

Maud looked at me with a very queer look on her face and I knew that I had touched upon a subject that she would probably have preferred to avoid. Then she answered.

"Jenny, dear, I assume that Mrs. B has not given you all of the facts concerning your life here so I will act as your informant. First, I must go back to the earliest days when the settlers first arrived here. As you know, they call themselves, 'hedonists' when in actuality they are heathens. As far as you are concerned, the salient fact of their lives is that they do not believe in nor practice monogamy! In their eyes, a sense of, 'belonging' does not exist between adults. Incidentally, this is why you will never hear them say anything about, 'making love'. Love between members of what they refer to as, 'the family' is not a part of their rules of life. Instead, they, 'make fuck'! So, sexually, you should accept that this was the first real commune. And, imagine their surprise when they discovered that the local Indians held much the same idea. When you get a chance, ask some of the town's people what their names are. If they are truthful, they will only give you a first name because they believe that they are all of the same family. The crime of incest has no meaning amongst these people! I don't know for certain, but Evelyn must have harbored feelings that were much like what she found here. Oh, I see that you have a question for me. Ask away."

"What about the children? Who takes care of them?"

"The town's people have a very well organized operation. Since no one is married -- or, if you will -- everyone is married to everyone else, the whole town takes care of the youngsters. Incidentally, the town's people are very careful about not overtly breaking the state law so no child under sixteen -- the legal age of consent -- is allowed to engage in any form of sexual activity. It is a case of, 'watch they may, but no touch!' Now, I can see that this discussion has brought some more thoughts to your mind and I bet I can guess just exactly what they are. What happens if you become pregnant? Obviously, Mrs. B hasn't filled you in on the contract that you are presumed to fulfill. Because of your sexual adventures in the cabin and -- oh, I forgot -- you have not yet experienced one of the people's church services. Take it from me, they are just as sex-filled as your cabin episodes! When you become pregnant -- and, notice I say, 'when' not, 'if' for you will most certainly become pregnant at some time or other -- your child will be presumed to be a citizen of the community. Boy babies will be taken from you at the time of birth and given to foster parents. Girl babies will be kept here in the town and nurtured by mothers here. You will be allowed to see your girl and, just possibly, feed her from your own breasts, but once they are beyond the breast-feeding stage, you will be forbidden to see or contact them until they reach the age of legal consent!"

I must have looked as though I had seen a ghost! Maud continued,

"You must always think in terms of the most communal good. The town and the tribe depend upon the Lodge for their existence so, if at all possible, there must always be a female Murdock heir in residence here or the Lodge will eventually cease to exist."

"You say that you knew my mother. What about my aunts? Did you know them, too?"

"Of course, I did. When I first came to the Lodge, Evelyn was very sick and she died soon thereafter. As you know, her daughter had three daughters so the line was insured or, so the people thought. Then Rose's two daughters died in an accident and Jasmine's daughter died of the flu. By the time that these terrible events had occurred, both of your aunts were beyond the child-bearing age. To make matters worse, your mother had fled the Lodge and, somehow, taken you with her."

"Was that her reason for leaving? Do you know?"

"Sure. She just couldn't bear parting with you and the only way for her to be able to raise you was for her to take you and leave. She was lucky that she was able to pull it off."

"You make the Murdock women out to be nothing but breed mares!" Maud's silence confirmed my assertion.

After a lengthy and very pregnant silence, Maud continued. "I know that I have upset you something fierce and, at the risk of upsetting you even more, I feel that you should be told something else. Because boy babies are cared for either by the women of the town or by the women of the tribe and the Murdock mothers never know who is rearing their male offspring, you may have already been fucked by one of your uncles or, perhaps a brother! You may even have been fucked by your own father!"

I couldn't take any more of Maud's revelations so that ended our conversation! I went to my room and lay down upon my bed. My mind was awhirl with thoughts of Maud's revelations. All my life, I had been told innumerable times that incest was definitely immoral. Now, I was told that not only was it allowed in this environment, but it was expected! I wasn't at all sure that I could cope with this development. I must have fallen asleep for it was after dark when I became aware of my surroundings. I rose, showered and went in search of my assigned room. When I entered, I saw that my, 'date' for the night was already stirring. I spoke to him.

"I want your cock in my ass!"

No sooner had I uttered those words, but I felt the usual nudge at my puckered hole. A thought flashed through my mind.

"This will be your first experience since those sisters of yours dosed you with the stuff from the God-awful bush. I wonder how I shall react to that." In just a few heartbeats, I found out.

As the head of the ghostly cock pushed through into my puckered hole, I climaxed! And, as that terrible, but wonderful cock pushed deeper and deeper into my ass, I climaxed with the passage of each and every inch of cock! I was not aware of how far into my ass it had gotten before I found myself on the plain of pleasure once more. This was exactly what I had been striving for. I quickly looked around and, in the distance, I spotted the other members of the sister hood. They approached me and finally stopped in a half-circle directly in front of me. We stared at each other for several seconds before my mother spoke.

"Well, sweetie? Why have you summoned us here?"

"Mom, I have just learned that it is very possible that someday I may be expected to fuck one of my very own relatives! How do I avoid this?"

"Honey, you don't avoid it."

"But, mom! That is incest!"

This caused a peal of very eerie laughter to come forth from the assembled sisters. When their laughter had died, mom spoke again.

"Exactly!" I started to speak, but my mother silenced me. "Wait until I ask you some questions. What is it that you want?"

I stared at her without comprehending her meaning.

"What have you got stuck into your gut this very instant?"

"A cock?"

"Exactly. And, if you will think about it and be honest with yourself, you will realize that it is a cock that you want." I knew she was right, so I just gave her a slight nod. "Well then, what earthly difference does it make whose cock it is? To borrow an expression, 'A cock is a cock is a cock!' It doesn't make the slightest difference if that cock happens to be an appendage hanging from your father's crotch or your brother's crotch, either. I am surprised that you haven't realized by now that there is no way in the world for me to even tell you who your father was. We all know that you have only spent one day in the cabin, but just suppose that you discovered this morning that you were pregnant. Which one of the men who pushed his cock up inside your cunt would you name as the father of your child?"

I saw the rationality of her comment at once. Then, another thought occurred to me. 

"Mom, am I a nymphomaniac?"

"No sweetie, you are not. But, you are becoming a nymph! That is something quite different. All of us, your sisters, are nymphs. Your life will be totally consumed with thoughts of sexual matters and the conquest of desirable sexual partners. Your sexual hunger will be immense and largely insatiable. Take it from me, it is a great physical experience! And, it shall last for the rest of your time on earth and beyond!" She stopped talking and looked at me. 

"What's wrong?"

"Mom, that damned stuff you and the other sisters dumped in me has made me excitable as hell, Oh, God! Oh...oh....oh...I'm coming!"

As usual, my climax started somewhere under my breast bone and tore down through my guts! My breathing was rapid and labored until that climax finally spent its' force and I could recover. I resumed the conversation,

"When will this nymph stuff happen?"

"No one can answer that question. A switch in your brain will flip on and your libido will shift into high gear. When this happens, you will definitely know it!"

"What will happen when I die?"

"Then you shall become as one of us. You will visit human males during the night and, - oh my heavens! Are you coming again?" 

I could only nod my head and enjoy the floor of intense pleasure that coursed through my nervous system. My head fell forward as I strained to ease the passage of my climax. Gradually, I came back to something resembling normality. As if she had not even hesitated, mom continued ,

"Sometimes, you can have your sexual hunger assuaged during the day. Just imagine! You will have access to every cock in the whole world! Does that interest you?"
