 What a position to be found in! Alan thought to himself. Him, naked, and underneath the alluring Rachel that was also naked and laying on top of him. Both of them had jumped upon hearing Dave's voice, and not to long afterward, he knocked on Alan's bedroom door.

"Alan? You alive in there?" Dave asked, himself curious on where Alan had disappeared to Friday night.

Rachel, keeping her cool, quickly threw a blanket to Alan who covered himself and replied. "Yeah, what's up?"

Rachel willed herself to be invisible as Dave opened the door. Sure, she intended to meet everyone in Alan's life since she had now declared to be a big part of it, but not in this manner. Luckily, Alan had been fast enough to cover most of himself.

"You allright dude? I thought I heard screaming or something?" Dave asked.

"Yeah...just had a bad match at Call of Duty, I was screaming at the TV." Alan lied quickly. Rachel let out a laugh.

"Yo, you need to relax, seriously. Why do you get so frustrated at games?"

'Oh, I'm frustrated allright.' Alan thought to himself. "I don't know, I just get really annoyed when I shoot a guy multiple times and he doesn't fucking die. Worse yet he turns around and gets me."

Rachel was frustrated as well, and was shooting daggers at Dave with her eyes. Although, it was a little unfair to him, since he had no clue that she was even there. Wait....Bingo! Rachel turned to Alan, an evil grin on her face.

Bells went off in Alan's head, who noticed her grin from the corner of his eye. 'What is she up to? Why is she smirking like that? Why are her eyes changing!!?'

"That shit happens to everyone." Dave continued. "I mean, it's not that big of a deal."

Rachel began to climb on the bed, pushing Alan's legs up and bending them at the knees, which allowed her unobstructed access to her target.

Alan's eyes widened. 'Is she about to do what I think she's going to do!?'

Dave noticed the drastic change in Alan's expression, and cringed a little. "Dude, are you really doing that shit right now? With me at the door?"

Alan sat up, keeping his knees bent to prevent the blanket from falling on the invisible Rachel, and showed Dave both of his hands. "No, no, no, I wouldn't do that, what kind of sick person do you think I am?" Alan responded as Rachel wrapped her lips around Alan's currently soft manhood.

"Allright, good, I thought you were getting busy or something. Anyway, I wanted to ask you, where the fuck did you go last night? I got home early last night, only to find you weren't there. I tried calling, but you didn't answer. And then this morning, you were in a coma or something because you weren't even up when I went out with Ashley at noon." Dave asked. He was concerned because Alan never goes anywhere, although to him, it was obvious where the evidence points.

Alan was desperately trying to ignore what Rachel was doing to his growing erection under the blanket. Naturally, that made it harder to do. "Uh, well, I uh, I decided to go out last night." Jesus, that felt good!

"I thought so. But I'm worried man, you never drink anymore. What made you suddenly decide to start drinking again?" Dave asked. What the fuck is going on with him right now?

"I.I..I'm not going to start drinking again. L.last night was a one time thing, I swear!" 'I also swear that if you ask too many questions, I'm going to have to kill you.' Alan thought to himself. Rachel, of course, hadn't picked up her pace, and was only teasing, continuing her agonizingly slow menstruations, adding to what was a very frustrating predicament.

"Dude, you sure you're allright?" Dave asked.

"Yes! I'm just...got a bit of a hangover, and...my head is killing me." Alan replied, hoping, praying that the questions will stop, as Rachel eagerly licked up Alan's continuing flow of precum.

"Allright man, I'll let you be, I just hope you're not going down in a bad way." Dave said.

"No, no, no, I'm fine...I.I'll be allright, I promise." I'll be far better once you LEAVE!!!

"Allright, if you say so, I'm off to work, later."

"Later."

Finally! He was fucking leaving! Normally, Alan would have taken his concern seriously. And although it was good to have a friend that cared, but right now, it was the worst fucking thing possible!

It took all of Alan's willpower to remain still as Rachel continued to slowly suck on him. He needed to be sure Dave was gone before he started going off on or attacking Rachel, for that would have been very hard to explain.

Finally, both of them heard Dave's car pull away, and Rachel began to laugh as she disengaged herself.

Alan thought about screaming at Rachel, but there was a problem. He was really, REALLY, turned on right now, and first thing was first. It was only fair, after all, she started it.

Alan growled as he leapt at the laughing Rachel, who yelped as Alan grabbed her and threw her on the bed, and without missing a beat, positioned himself at her hot, wet, and very inviting entrance. In a single thrust, he buried himself deep within her.

"Oh Jesus, Alan!" Rachel cried out, who had not expected him to pounce on her like this, and loved it.

Alan wasted no time, and immediately began pounding into her as fast and hard as he could. He felt like he was going to explode thanks to her teasing!

"Ooo, aaaahhhh, fuck yeah Alan! Fuck yes, fuck me hard, Alan! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Rachel had gone very vocal, spurning Alan on.

It didn't take long, and Alan could already feel the incoming tsunami, and began tensing up. Rachel sensed both his and her own impending release.

"That's it baby! Make me cum! Sooo fucking good! Cum in...aaaaaahhhhhh FUUUCK!" Rachel couldn't finish her words as the waves of pleasure were unleashed in a fury, and her legs swung around Alan, and trapped him as Alan emptied everything he had into her, and both were crying out in pleasure.

Finally, the waves turned into tingles, and both of them collapsed yet again.

"H...holy....shit....Alan...if that's....what....I get....for....teasing...you, I'm...definitely....going to....tease you....a lot." Rachel breathed out.

"Please....don't....you were....driving me....crazy....I don't...know if I....can take...a lot...of that." Alan breathed back.

"Admit it, that was...really fucking good!"

"Allright, allright, yeah, it was really good." Alan said.

Both of them laughed a little at that, but then, suddenly, something dawned on Alan.

"Oh shit!" He exclaimed.

"What?"

"Protection! I completely forgot about it! How could I be so stupid!?"

Rachel began to laugh. "A fine time to think about that."

"It's not funny! Shit! I'm not ready to be a father! Stop laughing!"

"I'm laughing because you're freaking out over nothing. I guess I should have told you this one too, but vampires don't reproduce in the normal fashion."

"Huh?"

"Sex among vampires is for pure pleasure, and nothing more. I imagine that's one of the reasons why we're considered sexual creatures."

"R-really?"

Rachel nodded. "Yes, we can turn others, but we don't have the power to create life like humans do. That power is only reserved for the living."

Alan thought for a moment. "That sounds somewhat...depressing, to know for the rest of your existence that you'll never be a real parent."

Rachel shrugged. "When you turn someone, it's kind of similar, but I understand exactly what you mean because I've thought about it myself. Yes, I'll never go through the same things that normal women do. Even though it's such a painful process, I'm jealous of humans in the fact that I will never have a growing life in my womb. That I'll never actually give birth, never raise a child of my own from infancy to become a full grown man or woman that someday would venture out into the world and start a family of their own."

Both of them fell silent, and dwelt on that for a moment. Since there was nothing he could do to help her, he decided to switch topics.

"So, now to introduce you to everyone. I'm guessing that's the next step?" Alan asked.

Rachel held Alan a little tighter. "To be honest, I don't want to leave this bed for the rest of my life."

"Allright, let's just stay here until we die."

"Fine by me."

"But seriously..."

"I know, I know. Let's go see your mother. I want to finally meet the crazy 'Trish Brooks' in person."

"It's 'Trish Jacobs' now, she remarried."

"Oh right, sorry, not exactly thinking straight right now. We'd better go shower, we can't go to your mother's smelling like fresh sex."

"Agreed."

***

Caleb was furious. How dare she defy him, embarrass him like this! Caleb Rachel the third was a nothing, a nobody, a pawn for Caleb's pleasure. At least, before she pulled this, that's what she was. Now though, she was more than that. She was one who dared defy a Vampire Lord. This was, of course, going to raise questions.

Has Caleb gone weak? Is he vulnerable? What was so special about this little girl that defied him? Caleb knew that this would eventually reach the other Vampire Lords, and probably very soon, despite how hard he was trying to keep this quiet.

When Caleb first met the girl, she was just another wild thing that he aimed to tame, like so many others before and after her. That's something Caleb loved to do, bend the strong willed to him. And she was just another wild wolf that he could bring under his control, perfectly tamed, and always obeyed. But now...

Caleb also had to consider the possibility that more would follow, but before he started tearing through his ranks for dissidence, first thing was first. He dedicated as many of his Greater Vampires as he could to find the girl and bring her back, especially before she could contact another clan and join them.

He would have her one last time before an example was to be made. An example on those who would dare cross Caleb.

***

Nothing really interesting had happened when they showered together. A few playful touches and some kissing, but little else beyond that. Alan's mother, after all, was expecting him shortly since he called ahead. When they got out, both of them went through Alan's wardrobe.

"You know, we're really going to have to get you your own clothes soon." Alan remarked.

Rachel grabbed one of his shirts. "Why? I like wearing your things, they have a little of your scent, which I like."

"Wow...I don't know if I should be flattered or freaked out."

Rachel turned to him, a smirk on her face. "Oh please, if I had a set of panties and gave one of them to you, you would be all over it, especially if it was nice and moist for you."

"Uh...maybe." Alan said, actually unsure of how that would really go.

Rachel then grabbed a pair of shorts and began to dress. "I'll make a note for future reference, and randomly hand you a pair of nice, wet panties and see how you react."

Alan laughed a little, and began to dress as well. "And what would happen if I did that to you? Handed you a pair of my boxers with a fresh stain on them?"

"Go nuts. Smell them, definitely. Lick them, maybe. Perhaps, if the stain was big and thick enough, I could go right ahead and rub all of that precum all over my pussy. Ooo, that sounds nice."

"Wow..." Alan repeated. She was either crazy, or really addicted to sex.

Once they finished, they got in the car and drove to their destination, arriving shortly after. Alan walked into the house first.

"Hi mom." He called out, seeing his mother in the living room watching TV.

"Oh hi hon..." Trish Jacobs stopped upon seeing the gorgeous girl following her son. Bob, who was also there, stared at the girl, stunned.

"Mom, Bob, this is Rachel. Rachel, this is mom, and Bob." Alan said to break the uncomfortable silence.

"Alan? Isn't that one of your outfits?" Trish asked, her eyes narrowing on the suspicious Rachel.

"Uh...yes." Alan answered.

"Oh, so this is what you were hiding from me." Trish said solemnly.

"Hi Mrs. Jacobs, and Mr. Jacobs." Rachel said politely, though she recognized the evil look she was receiving from Trish, one that said 'I do not like or trust this woman.'

Bob stood and took Rachel's hand. "It's nice to meet you Rachel." He said. Trish, on the other hand, did not make such a gesture, shot Bob a quick glare, then set her eyes on Alan.

Both Rachel and Alan sat down next to one another, and both parties eyed one another in silence.

"So." Trish began, breaking the silence. "Are you two fucking?"

"Mom!" Alan said, his eyes shooting open as his mouth dropped to the floor.

"So, you've gone there already, and how long have you two known each other?" Trish asked next, noticing that her son did not deny it, which she took as a confirmation.

Alan was attempting to shrink and hide somewhere as Rachel answered. "Yesterday." She said, sticking to their made up lie.

Trish's eyes narrowed. "A single day...that's it? Where did you meet?"

Rachel recognized this for what it was. This wasn't a questionnaire, it was an interrogation. Then again, given Alan's past history of relationships, or lack thereof, she understood why Trish was being very harsh. "We met at the bar."

"The bar? Alan doesn't go to bars, he doesn't even drink anymore." Trish responded.

"Mom, please, relax will you? I went to the bar last night, and I met Rachel there. We got along well, and things kind of went from there." Alan answered.

"And why did you go to the bar?"

"Because I felt like it! Jeez, do I have to tell you every little thing I do with my life!?"

Trish easily ignored Alan's outburst and turned back to Rachel. "So, after a single night, and suddenly you two are fucking. Mind telling me what's really going on?" She said, pointing the preverbal finger at Rachel.

"Nothing! Things just kind of worked out, that's all. Relax, will you?"

"Bob, take Alan to the kitchen, I'd like to talk to Rachel alone." Trish ordered.

"Honey, don't torment the poor woman..."

"Bob, don't you fucking dare argue with me. Both of you, kitchen, now!" Trish ordered again, her voice raising a notch.

Rachel watched as both men, without a word, stood, and did as instructed, and Rachel was now beginning to realize why Alan referred to his mother as crazy. Rachel herself was a vampire, yet she was very afraid of this human woman sitting before her.

Rachel, however, kept her cool. "Mrs. Jacobs, if I may?" Rachel asked. Trish crossed her arms in response.

"Mrs. Jacobs, I perfectly understand your suspicion, especially given Alan's bad track record, which he told me all about. To be honest, I would be as suspicious as you are if it was my own son. I know how it looks, for me to be suddenly walking in and eloping with your son after such a ridiculously short amount of time."

"To be honest, again, even I'm surprised by how quickly we've developed our relationship, as much as Alan is. I will say this though, for Alan as well as myself, and I don't mean to be rude about this, but this isn't some simple fling that isn't going away for either of us."

"Mrs. Jacobs, I won't ask or expect you to trust or even like me. But, can I ask that you give me a chance? Us a chance? I won't promise or guarantee anything, but, please, can I ask you to give me a try and allow me to prove that I do not mean to hurt Alan in anyway?"

Trish was actually impressed. If anything, this woman was an intelligent one and her speech was well thought out. That's a step up. At least she wasn't some random dumbass hussy that was using her good looks alone to control her son. But, the fact that she was intelligent could also make her more dangerous.

"Allright, then let me hear about you, miss...?"

"Lovecraft, Rachel Lovecraft."

"Okay Ms. Lovecraft, why are you so interested in Alan?" Trish asked next.

Rachel thought for a moment on this, for that was a question she had asked herself before. Just what was it that drew her to Alan so easily? He was cute, but not extraordinarily handsome. He was also a withdrawn, and more reserved type, and was not always beaming with confidence, as a matter of fact, he was more on the shy side. So, what was it? She thought back to when she first met him. She got curious about him when she told him that she was going to kill him, and he ended up just standing there, as though accepting it, or perhaps, on some level, even embraced it. That's when she sensed it. His deep and well hidden despair. His hidden agony and loneliness. He, like she had once been, was a sort of social outcast, because of his own personality, which he didn't attempt to hide at all.

As a matter of fact, the first thing they did together after she suddenly showed up at his house was to sit down and watch a very strange anime called 'Elfen Lied.' Who honestly does that when they first meet someone? Who also openly admits that they do things normal people don't typically admit to when first meeting someone, especially an attractive woman? Things like play video games and watche anime, things not normally associated as conversation starters. These kinds of things you talk about with a friend who happens to be a fan, not introduce them to some girl you've only just met.

That was when she had her answer.

"Because of his genuine nature." Rachel answered Trish's question.

Trish raised an eyebrow.

"Well, when he first met, he was honest about who he was. He didn't even try to hide it. In fact, he made it quite clear through his actions that he was different from a lot of other people. For example, he didn't tell me at all that he was in the Marine Corps until he accidentally spilled it, and the first real thing we did together was watch one of his animes, which I accused him of being too old for that sort of thing, only to find now that I'm starting to become a fan."

"And lastly, is that, like him, and I mean no disrespect to him, but I know and understand what it's like to be the sort of outcast like he is. He simply does what he does regardless of the opinions around him, or what the normal is. 'Normal' doesn't define him, just as it didn't define me as I was growing up." Rachel concluded.

Trish found herself actually having a rising opinion on this woman. She detected a sort of awe in Rachel's voice as she spoke of Alan, along with a deep honesty. Trish decided to give this girl a chance, and nodded.

"You do really seem fond of him."

"I know it may sound like a bit much, but honestly, he is the best thing that's ever happened to me." Rachel admitted.

Trish decided that that was enough, for now. "Okay Alan, Bob. You can come back in here now." She called out to the men.

"So, what did you guys talk about?" Alan asked as he sat down, then realized that was stupid to ask, but couldn't help himself. He wanted to know how it went.

"Nothing, just a small chat between girls." Rachel responded.

'Really? That's the answer you're going with!?' Alan thought to himself, annoyed.

"It's nothing for you to worry about, Alan. It's just as Rachel said, we had a small chat and understanding." Trish followed with.

'Great. Planning things behind my back as usual. Thanks mom.' Alan thought to himself. He knew that that wasn't fair to her, and was only looking out for him. But, when will she stop treating him like a kid!?

Alan wasn't up for staying at his mother's for long, and before he knew it, the sun had begun to set, and it was time for him and Rachel to go home.

"So, what exactly did you and mom talk about?" Alan asked once he and Rachel got in his car.

"Just that your mother and I reached an understanding, that's all."

"Geez. You're still not going to tell me?"

Rachel just laughed. "We girls like to make men wonder what we say behind closed doors."

Alan merely grumbled his annoyance as he started the car and drove home.

"Ah, it's good to be home." Alan announced as he walked into the house.

"Oh, come on, it wasn't that bad." Rachel said.
