 Katie was tossing and turning, finding it difficult to fall asleep. Finally, she had enough, and rose. She turned to see Alan was sound asleep next to her. Not surprising, since he didn't sleep in the car at all during the last leg of their drive here. It also might be the fact that the three of them just did finish a rather nice session of sex.

What she was surprised about was that a light was on. Katie turned, and saw Rachel sitting in front of one of the nightstands under a small lamp, and was tinkering away with something.

Katie got out of bed, and walked over to where Rachel was sitting, and saw that Rachel was working on the gun that had been in the car. Katie also noticed that Rachel's profile had changed slightly, as though a hidden side of her was being revealed. Rachel was completely focused, and possessed what seemed to be cold and lifeless eyes. Almost like the eyes of a killer, or a demon.

This profile vanished as Rachel sensed Katie's presence, and she turned to her.

"Can't sleep?" Rachel asked.

Katie decided that maybe the other profile that she saw was her imagination, for Rachel had turned back into her normal, pleasant self.

Katie shook her head. "Not really."

Rachel returned to the gun. "Me either. I'm guessing it's because we got so much sleep in the car while he didn't." Rachel said, gesturing to Alan's sleeping form.

"I was just thinking of that myself." Katie replied, sitting down near Rachel. "Or, maybe he fell asleep from the sex."

Rachel let out a small laugh. "Nah, not him. Trust me, he can last pretty long if he feels he has to. Plus, he actually enjoys cuddling. Our earlier cuddling is actually the norm, and not a one time thing that we did just because it was your first time with us."

Katie smiled, and turned to Alan. "How often do you guys cuddle?" Katie asked.

"Enough that I actually have to turn him down every once in a while. I enjoy cuddling, but every now and again, it's nice to have some space."

"Wow. That's kind of mean."

"Nah, he's understanding. He's just the affectionate type, which is fine by me. I'd rather he do it too much than not at all."

They fell silent as Rachel began focusing on what she was doing with the gun.

"So, what are you doing?" Katie asked.

"Cleaning it, and making sure that it will function properly."

"You know how to do that?"

Rachel nodded. "I've had quite a bit of experience with various firearms."

"Where did you learn all of that? And just what bit of experience have you had?"

This caused Rachel to stop, and remain silent for a few moments before she responded. "Listen, Katie. Forgive me, but this part of me is something I really don't want you or Alan to know about, so I'd rather not say unless I absolutely had to."

Katie blinked a few times. There was that profile again. Rachel's eyes, expression, and voice had somehow gone dramatically cold.

"S-sorry."

Rachel shook her head. "It's okay. If anything, I should be the one apologizing. Especially to Alan. I told him that I would reveal everything about me to him, but, I haven't been entirely honest with that. I just..."

Rachel suddenly stopped, alerted to something.

"Wha-what is it?" Katie asked, her concern rising.

Rachel turned to the door. "I hear footsteps, and quite a few of them." Rachel said quickly. Her eyes narrowed on the door, as though she were seeing right through it.

Katie turned to the door. "I don't hear anything." She said.

After a few seconds, Rachel spat. "A few of them are gathering around the door."

"Are they vampires?" Katie asked, fear now creeping into her voice.

To answer Katie's question, several loud knocks banged on the door.

"Police! Open this door! We know Alan Brooks is in there!"

The loud bangs woke Alan up. "What's going on? Is it time to eat yet?" Alan asked in a groggy voice.

"Shit." Rachel exclaimed in a low voice, and with lighting speed, reassembled the gun. She then loaded it with a full magazine. Katie gasped at this.

More bangs on the door. "I repeat, this is the police! Open this door! We just want to ask some questions!"

This caused Alan to shoot up completely, now fully awake, and he turned to see Rachel, gun in hand, approaching the door.

"What are you-" Before Alan could finish the question, Rachel cut him off.

"You two hide in the back of the room and stay down. Do not try to get out, no matter what you hear, got it?" Rachel said quickly and coldly, cocking the gun in her hand.

"B-but-" Katie tried to speak, but Rachel cut her off as well.

"I don't remember if I told you this Katie, but I'll say it anyways. To be caught by the police is as good as be handed over to the vampires on a silver platter. The cops don't realize this, but we're dead if they catch us. In this situation, it's kill or be killed, and I doubt they'll go away if we ask nicely."

Rachel then turned to both Alan and Katie, revealing her cold and lifeless eyes. The eyes of a killer. A sight that struck fear into both Alan and Katie.

"Now, take cover, and do not leave this room." Rachel told the two of them sternly, and when she saw them move, she turned and approached the door.

The door banged once more. "This is your final warning! Open this door, or we will force it down!"

"Not if I do so first." Rachel said grimly, and in a low voice.

With that, Rachel raised her foot, and kicked the door as hard as she could. The door easily flew off of it's hinges and flew several dozen feet before it even touched ground, along with the cop who was standing in front of it.

The two cops that were standing on either side of the door only had time to widen their eyes in surprise before Rachel emerged from the doorway, and she shot them both between the eyes, killing them instantly.

Rachel's eyes quickly scanned the area around her as the cops began yelling, and pointed their guns at her. She was glad their room was on ground level, and she wouldn't have to do anything extremely acrobatic, aside from the door. She also counted a total of ten officers, including the ones at the door, which meant the number of living officers was now eight, assuming the one that got kicked with the door survived.

Rachel dove to the right as she heard shots ring out, and grabbed the gun that the cop on the ground was no longer using. As soon as she was back on her feet, she took off into a run, and began using her inhuman abilities at this point. The cops were surprised at her speed, but didn't relent. To them, it was like trying to hit a really fast bird.

It also didn't help them that Rachel's eyes could see bullets. Although she couldn't necessarily dodge them all, it did help her to avoid certain bullets from striking her. Rachel raised the two guns in her hands, and fired two shots each from each gun, and two more officers fell to the ground, dead. Six more to go.

That was the other advantage Rachel had over the cops. Her shots were also inhumanly accurate, even when she was moving. She ducked behind a car to get to quickly reevaluate her situation and decide her next move. It was here that she sensed them closing in, except they weren't cops.

"Fuck." Rachel uttered under her breath. On the bright side, the vampires that were closing in seemed to be careless punks at best, since they had allowed her to sense them so easily, even while she was in the middle of a gunfight. On another bright note, they didn't seem to be accompanied by a Greater either. It still didn't change the fact that she would have to deal with the rest of the officers present before she could attend to the vampires.

Rachel jumped up and over the car that she was taking cover behind, deciding on a head on attack. She took two more quick shots at the officer who was still on the ground from when she kicked the door down. Five more to go. The remaining officers began firing shots at Rachel.

Although she did the best she could, two bullets were able to strike her as she closed in. One in her left shoulder just above the curve of her breast, and the other in her right mid abdomen. To the surprise of the cops, this hardly fazed her aside from small flinches and grunts of pain. Rachel had been shot several times before in the past, and the pain was nothing new to her.

She jumped in the air as she closed in, jumping over the cars that the cops had taken cover behind, and easily finished the five remaining cops without a scratch. Before the vampires could close in and attack, Rachel took the time to rummage through the weapons that the cops had, reloading her own pistol as she did so.

She tossed the pistol that the she acquired from the cop that she killed, and exchanged it for a nice shotgun in one of the police cars that no one had thought to bring out. She also found the ammunition in the car as well, and loaded it with a few shells. She also took one of the corpses and sank her fangs into the neck as her eyes changed to replenish the blood she had just lost.

It was while she was feeding that the vampires arrived in a black minivan, and four emerged from the vehicle.

Rachel smiled grimly, and decided to surprise them, and tossed the body she was holding at the car. The body hit the car with a loud thud as the vampires ducked out of the way, surprised, and turned to Rachel. They saw that the shotgun in her left hand was raised, and she fired it at them. The vampires dove for cover, and Rachel took the time to examine each of them now that they were in the open.

Two of them were armed with swords, while the other two were armed with firearms. Rachel kept the shotgun raised, the recoil having no effect on her, and she took another shot at one of the vampires, and missed again.

'Looks like they aren't complete amateurs.' Rachel thought to herself as she turned and saw one of the sword wielding vampires running at her, supposedly at a blind spot. The vampire raised his sword as he closed in, and Rachel turned and shot him with the shotgun at point blank range, sending him flying for several feet. 'Though they're still careless.'

Rachel tossed the shotgun aside, having used all of the shells she had loaded into it. Upon seeing this, the two vampires who were armed with pistols began firing shots at her. Rachel ran to the vampire that she had shot and in a cartwheel, picked up the sword that he had been wielding with her open hand. Once back on her feet, she returned fire at the two vampires, who ducked for cover. This allowed her to exchange the pistol and sword in her hands, since she was right handed.

She also noticed that the vampire that she had shot with the shotgun was still alive. Rachel found this surprising considering how much blood he had just lost, and finished the job by running over and removing his head with the sword as she was being shot at. Another bullet had struck her as she did this, high on her chest and near her neck.

She turned to return fire, only to notice the second sword wielding vampire closing in on her. She barely avoided the swing for her neck, and answered the next swing with the sword she was carrying, and the two weapons clashed. This was immediately followed by Rachel shooting the sword wielder in the knee cap with the pistol in her left hand, and the vampire fell to the ground, howling in pain.

Ignoring the vampire that was now on the ground, she turned her attention to the two remaining vampires, both of whom had a touch of fear in their eyes. Rachel smiled at their fear. "Thought it would be a walk in the park, did you?" She mockingly called out to the two vampires.

"Sorry, but I'm not so weak to allow a bunch of limp dick pansies such as yourselves to take me down." She finished grimly, raising her gun, and shooting at the two. She broke into a run as she shot at the two vampires, keeping them suppressed until she closed the distance. Since they had no edge weapons, neither of them could defend themselves from both the gun and the sword she was now wielding, and she disposed the two in short order, beheading them both.

The grunts of pain that she heard reminded Rachel of the last vampire, and she turned her attention to him. She slowly approached him, smiling, even as she heard sirens that indicated that more cops were on the way. She squatted next to the writhing vampire.

"It's a shame that we're short on time." She said coldly, bringing her sword to the vampire's neck. "I haven't been able to play with prey for some time, and I almost miss it. Especially when fuck heads like you and your Lord just can't leave Alan and I alone." She finished, removing the vampire's head.

It truly had been quite some time since Rachel had felt the cold within her that she felt now. But now, she was regretting it. This was a part of her she had hoped to bury for the rest of her life, and with Alan, that had seemed very possible, but now...

She had to. She needed her dark side so that she, Alan, and Katie could live. She had to become the cold hearted killer that she was in the past. The part of her that she developed after serving sixty two years in the underground. The part of her that she created that was supposed to catch Caleb's attention.

The screeching tires brought her back to reality. She hoped that the cops would take the bait as she ran to one of the open cop cars that had several bodies piled nearby. She searched the bodies for the keys, found them, and jumped into the car, testing the keys. With a stroke of luck, she got it right the first time. Rachel started the car and began driving off, paying attention to who would follow her.

As she hoped, all of the cops had chosen followed her, placing her as priority number one.

*****

Katie held on to Alan tightly as the gunshots went off, and was quietly sobbing. Alan comforted her as best he could, trying to keep her quiet so that she wouldn't draw too much attention.

Alan had felt her cringe constantly, although both of their minds were racing at the situation. Alan had never seen Rachel hold such a cold expression before, not even when she fed. It was almost like she had turned into a completely different person. Just who was that person that was standing in the doorway with such a cold voice and eyes?

Now that Alan thought about it, just how much of Rachel did he really know? Just what exactly did she see or do the past sixty two years? He only now realized that she had actually dodged the subject, and only vaguely mentioned that she had worked for Caleb, not revealing any specifics.

The other problem that was eating at him in this situation is that yet again, here he is, the helpless human, unable to do anything. Why had she been so adamant against turning him? If she had, he could at least be out there now, helping her. However, if he was out there, then who would have watched over Katie? There was yet another question. Could Katie handle living like this? He had already made his decision, and even in the face of this situation, he still had no regrets.

But Katie was different. She didn't have a choice. She had been forced into this by accident. As he felt Katie constantly cringing from the sound of the guns, Alan knew that he was going to need to talk to her the first chance he got.

Alan was wrong, however. Katie wasn't cringing in fear from the sounds of the guns, nor did she want to leave her two best friends that she just found. She was cringing in fear on Rachel's behalf. Although Katie had never been in this kind of extreme situation, if she had heard Rachel call out for them, Katie knew that she would immediately jump out into the chaos after her.

There was also the fear of what was going to happen now. Rachel had said that she hadn't been completely honest, and now Katie understood why. Those eyes...those cold and dark eyes. They were completely empty, like staring into an endless void. Just what would happen to their relationship that the three of them had just built together if Rachel becomes the cold empty shell that Katie saw?

Katie and Alan raised their heads as they heard the sound of sirens and screeching tires that were pulling away, a short while after the gunfire had died down.

"I-is it over?" Katie whispered.

"I don't know." Alan answered.

The two of the then heard a light thud in their room.

"C'mon, we don't have much time." Rachel said.

"What happened!? Are you alright!?" Alan asked, seeing her wounds.

Rachel turned. "More cops showed up after I took out the first bunch and the vampires, so I stole one of the cop cars and led them away from here. Right before I ran into a crowded intersection, I jumped here, so I don't know how the car faired. And I'm fine, now let's go." Rachel said harshly as she walked outside, somehow completely ignorant of the puddles of blood that she was leaving behind.

She spied on the various rooms in the motel. "Good, doesn't look like anyone's daring to stick their heads out yet. Hurry up and take anything we might need from the corpses." She instructed as Alan and Katie emerged to see the carnage outside.

Katie gagged and heaved several times at both the sight and smell. She had never seen a dead body before, much less several, and on top of that, there were the beheaded bodies. Alan put his arms around her and watched as Rachel, oblivious to Katie's reaction, began rummaging the corpses for anything they had. Alan's eyes narrowed on Rachel, not liking her complete lack of concern for Katie.

Now, however, wasn't the time to bring that up. "Katie, just go to the car, here are the keys." Alan said, handing them over. "Go start it up, we don't have much time before more come here." He said, almost shoving Katie toward the car before going to help Rachel. They picked up a number of guns, and quite a bit of cash before they went to the car. Rachel also took a few moments to quickly feed off of the human corpses.

They threw all of the weapons in the trunk, and both Alan and Rachel got in the backseat. "You have to drive Katie, Alan and I are now known. I'm sure the police at least have a likeness to my profile by now. He and I need to remain low back here." She said, pulling out a pack of Camels that she had found on one of the vampires.

"O-okay." Katie replied, showing obvious fear and panic, and began driving.

"Make sure you don't do anything stupid. Maintain a cool and low profile." Rachel said harshly as she lit up one of the Camels, coughing. "I fucking hate these things too." Her comment to Katie was the last straw for Alan.

"Hey! Relax will you? Unlike us, Katie hasn't seen this kind of shit! You should be glad that she hasn't completely panicked yet, go easy on her! And since when do you smoke?" Alan was now shouting.

Rachel turned to him with openly hostile eyes. "Listen closely dipshit. Our lives are on the line. If it's so fucking important that she doesn't see more of what just happened, then she'd better make sure she doesn't do anything to get us noticed. And if you don't fucking mind, I just got done with a shoot out, so excuse me for needing a fucking cigarette." Rachel replied coldly, and to emphasize that, she took a drag blew the smoke she just inhaled directly at Alan.

"What the fuck is your problem!?" Alan shouted, stunned that she was acting like this, along with coughing and waving his hand in front of the smoke to get it out of his face.

Rachel took another drag. "I'll tell you what my fucking problem is, we're fucked! That's my problem! After tonight, there's no fucking way we're going near any fucking civilization! We might as well go rot in the desert now! The other Vampire Lords are going to be all over us now that I shot this place up like the fucking Alamo!" Rachel was now shouting.

Alan's eyes narrowed. "What the fuck has gotten into you? Just what the fuck is going on in that head of yours? Is there something you aren't telling me!? Why the fuck did you suddenly turn into some crazy hardcore bitch!?"
