 I think it's only fair if I note that this will be the last chapter that has any sex in it for a little while. Considering the events that will unfold, I couldn't exactly fit any erotic scenes in, and I didn't want to add in random scenes that had no relevance to the plot. Not to worry, there will be, but just not for the next three or four chapters. So for that, I apologize. 

I would also like to thank everyone for their comments and votes thus far, be it praise or criticism, and I continue to welcome opinions. Enjoy! 

*****

Lord Caleb had not been sitting idly the entire time that he first realized that Rachel had vanished. He had his people searching hard for the girl. Two weeks. Two fucking weeks, and the bitch continued to evade him. There simply had been no trace to follow. Sure, random individuals here and there say they spotted her, but there was little to no truth in such claims.

Even if she had stayed in the States, and didn't managed to sneak aboard some sort of transportation out of the country, that was still two weeks that she could have constantly changed locations. He just simply did not have the manpower to scour the entire country for the little cunt.

Even if he could channel all of his resources to search for her, there were a few problems with that. One, he still wouldn't have enough to be able to turn every little possible lead. Two, it would ruin his current power bases, which require constant attention. And lastly, there would be Lord Christian to deal with.

Lord Christian would not react well if Lord Caleb had sent a large force into his territory, and may even suspect treachery. Regardless of the situation, Lord Caleb still had to play politics, and abide by the various rules.

To add insult to injury, the other Vampire Lords have been openly mocking him for being unable to control his own clan. Sure, there were defections here and there on occasion, but these were lower level vampires that defected, not one of the Lord's personal toys. Vampires who had direct contact with the Lords of their clans almost never defected, and Rachel's departure showed a weakness on Lord Caleb's part.

He vowed that he would find her, and the longer she remained missing, the more ideas Lord Caleb came up with to do to her once he finally got his hands on her. She couldn't possibly evade him forever.

*****

They had finally arrived in Montana. Night had fallen, and now that they were here, Alan wasn't sure what they should do or where they should go.

Rachel and Katie were both awake, although the drive had remained silent for the most part.

"So, now that we're here...what now?" Alan asked, breaking the silence.

"Let's find a really cheap motel and stay overnight. To be honest, I could use a good rest after driving non-stop for two whole days." Rachel suggested.

"I guess that'll work. What about you Katie? You alright with that?" Alan asked.

Katie merely shrugged. "Fine with me."

"We're not getting separate rooms. We'll all be in one room, are you sure you're okay with that?" Rachel asked.

Katie nodded. "Yeah, it's fine. Hell, I just masturbated in front of you guys a little while ago, why would I be worried about sharing a room with you?"

It was Rachel's turn to shrug. "Any number of reasons."

Katie shook her head. "You don't have to worry about me with things like that. I mean, I do owe you guys my life after all, which I never really acknowledged or thanked you for."

"You don't have to, it really was an accident that we found you." Rachel responded.

"Even still, I feel that I owe you. You guys could have just as easily ditched me, killed me, or even fed off of me. Instead, despite the burden, you guys took me in, helped me, and welcomed me into your lives. On top of that, you two opened up to me completely, and shared some very special moments with me that I am only too proud to have been a part of."

"Well, that was because I was horny, and I really enjoy sex."

"True, but I think you're being modest. I doubt that you just randomly walk up to people and say 'hey, wanna masturbate with me?' or 'wanna see me blow my lover?'. No, the both of you took the time to share your thoughts and secrets with me, and made me feel comfortable, almost like we were lovers or something."

Alan saw out of the corner of his eye that Rachel was slightly blushing in embarrassment. It was also true that he was blushing a little as well.

"It's just too bad that we couldn't have met under better circumstances, that's the only regret I have."

"Yeah." Rachel responded, her mind drifting.

The car became silent once more. This was the first time that it had been voiced just how quickly and how much Katie had been drawn into Alan and Rachel's lives. It was a bit of an extreme, almost as extreme with how fast Alan and Rachel had become attached to one another.

Rachel wasn't sure that she liked it. It was actually bad for her that she was becoming quickly attached to almost every one she was running into. First Alan, and now Katie. This was an oddity that she hadn't been expecting when she first left Caleb. Rachel had been alone almost all of her life, both her life as a human and as a vampire.

Sure, she had friends here and there, and some female lovers, but Rachel had remained detached and distant. Now, however, she was becoming easily attached. She wondered if it was out of desperation, a need to connect with others. Or maybe it was because of her situation, and that she didn't want to face it all alone. Or perhaps, these were simply people that she could learn to love.

Rachel knew without a doubt that she loved Alan. She had already tried to question and even fight it once before, only to discover that she couldn't. But now there was Katie. Rachel didn't know what really prompted her to reach out to Katie in the way that she did. Did she just simply pity the poor girl and her situation? Or was she developing feelings for her?

If that's the case, then that drastically complicates things. Once again, her abrupt feelings don't make sense. Why was she developing these feelings so easily, and so quickly? And just where could Katie fit into the equation? Should she begin to regret becoming close to her? Just where was all of this going? Just where could it go?

More importantly, what did Alan or even Katie think of all of this? Sure, Katie just voiced some of her feelings, but was that it? Was there more? Rachel found herself going in circles, distressed. Her entire life, she never really had such feelings. And when she began to have feelings for Alan, it had been simple. It would just be the two of them. However, Katie now made things really complex. Perhaps she was reading into it too much. Perhaps she should refrain from being so open with Katie. So many questions and 'ifs' but no answers.

It was true that Katie had held back some of her thoughts. It had started with Alan. Here was a man, on the run with his lover, and had no reason or obligation whatsoever to open up to her. Yet, that's exactly what he did. It wasn't like he opened up to her by declaring his love for her, no, he opened up to her and offered friendship. He offered her to become a part of his life, someone that she could speak to, and share secrets and feelings with. He willingly told her his secrets, proving that he was willing to open up, and be a friend.

Given Alan's history from what they had told her, Alan was a rather private individual and hardly opened up to anyone. Yet, he had taken the time to do so for her sake. Although it was mostly sex that they had talked about, he had also shared some of his deeper feelings and thoughts with her. He didn't have to, but that's what he did, and Katie, who normally doesn't share her secrets either, did so as well.

Katie wasn't sure what really prompted her to do so. Even with her former lovers that she had, she had never been this open with them. Alan, though, had made it seem so easy and safe to do so with him. Katie truly was envious of Rachel, for having a relationship with such an honest and open person.

Now, there was Rachel. Like Alan, she didn't have to open up to Katie at all. She could have just sat there the entire time and said nothing. Yet, she didn't either. Like Alan, she had taken the time to open up to Katie, and shared her thoughts and feelings just like Alan did. Rachel had even taken it one step further, not offering sex, but just to masturbate together. That was something that was almost never done, even among lovers.

Katie wasn't sure what prompted her to accept Rachel's proposal. Sure, she was horny at the time, but, she had been in similar situations before and was fully capable of just saying no. Yet, she didn't. At that point, they had shared so much together that Katie felt perfectly comfortable with the idea. That she could do what she did, and feel perfectly comfortable knowing that Alan and Rachel wouldn't try to take advantage of her. Hell, they didn't even really try to press the idea, Rachel had simply suggested it, and Alan had even tried to discourage it a little.

The situation as a whole didn't make much sense, but Katie knew at this point that Alan and Rachel were probably the best friends she could ever have.

Alan was the least confused of the three. Sure, he and Katie had opened up to one another, but, his dedication and heart belonged to Rachel. Whatever Rachel wanted or felt, that's what Alan concerned himself with.

As for Katie, Alan didn't necessarily write her off. In fact, Alan felt that she now was a really close friend, one that he could confine his feelings and thoughts with. He could even go as far as to say that he may have started to develop residual feelings for her. But it was Rachel who held his heart, and that was it. Even still, he would feel better if he told Rachel exactly how he felt about Katie, rather than just let it hang in the air.

Their thoughts unknowingly arrive to the same conclusion. All three of them decided that when they got settled into whatever motel they were going to stay at, that they would admit their feelings and thoughts.

It didn't take too long to find one such place, thanks to the GPS, and pulled into the parking lot. Katie bolted out of the car and stretched before Alan could even turn off the car.

"Aaaahhh, finally! God, I need to stretch." She said, doing so.

Rachel silently opened the glove box and grabbed the gun and bullets. Stashing them on her person where it wouldn't be noticed, she stepped out, stretching as well. Alan was the last one out, and together, they went to the reception desk.

The middle aged clerk at the desk kindly accepted cash and gave them a single room with two beds, and the three silently made their way to the room.

"Whew! Even though I just kind of slept most of that ride, I'm still beat!" Katie exclaimed, falling on the bed as Rachel took the gun out and put it and the bullets in a reclusive part of the room.

"Yeah, I'm pretty beat too." Alan said tiredly, yawning to prove that point.

"Hey Alan? There's something I think we should talk about. This concerns you as well, Katie." Rachel said seriously, catching their attention.

They sat down, and Rachel began.

"Look...a lot happened in the car. And honestly, a lot of it doesn't make sense, and I think we should take the time to clear a few things up on where we all stand. I'd like to start by saying that I'm typically not a person who develops fast bonds with others. You said it almost perfectly, Katie. I'm not the type of person who acts so openly with others. So for me to open up to you the way I did...well...let's just say that it's gotten complicated for me."

Rachel paused for a moment, gathering her thoughts and words.

"I really wasn't expecting it. I thought it was just something fun that I could do real quick. I mean, I've done these kinds of things with others before, and I've never felt an attachment to them. But this is different. Just like with Alan, even though we've been together for such a short time, and again, you said it almost perfectly. I kind of look at you as someone I'm really close to now, like a lover."

"I don't know if it's because of the situation, or maybe deep down I'm just a desperate individual looking for bonds, but...I do know that this can create a lot of problems. To put it bluntly, I feel as though we're developing a love triangle. It doesn't mean I've stopped loving Alan, but, it does mean that I can start to include you as a major part of my life now."

Rachel turned to Alan specifically. "It really isn't fair to you. I'm supposed to be exclusive to you, and you only. However, Katie...she just kind of started sneaking in before I realized it."

Katie's head fell. "I'm sorry. I've never really had anyone in my life that I could trust so completely, so I jumped at the chance to become a part of your lives once I found out how trustworthy you guys are."

"I've only known you for a day or so, but, I feel like I can trust you with my life and my deepest secrets, some of which I've already shared. It wasn't my intention to start making things complicated. Lastly, though, I really have no one else to turn to anymore. As you said, Rachel, I'm kind of stuck with you guys from now on."

Rachel turned to Katie. "I know, you've said that you didn't want to come between us several times. That's one of the reasons why I've started becoming strongly attached to you."

"You're a well meaning and honest person, like Alan. And like you, I've gone most of my life without having anyone to really trust, so when it happened, I kind of wanted to bond with you."

"And you're right, the only people we have left is each other. So, it's kind of natural for us to want to become close, rather than handle this situation alone and separately. Especially since we've found that we can trust each other. But, what are your feelings on this? You've admitted your thoughts, but what do you feel about me?"

"Just as what I said. It's true that I've never been with a woman, much less develop any kind of feelings towards one, but, it's also like you said. You're someone that I trust freely and completely. It's kind of hard to trust someone so completely without developing some kind of emotional attachment."

Both girls then thought of Alan, and turned to him, who had remained silent.

"What's your take on this?" Rachel asked. Alan suddenly felt apprehensive as the spotlight fixated on him.

"Uhhh..." He hadn't really quite comprehended everything yet, and the room went silent as both Katie and Rachel watched him go deep into thought.

Finally, he spoke. "Uh, look, this is all kind of weird to me. I have no idea what to make of all of this or how I should react. If you were saying this to another man, I would be flipping out for sure. But...I'm kind of holding a double standard now, like Caleb did for you. No, you can't be with another man, but you can be with another woman?"

"I won't lie, what happened in the car doesn't bother me. Hell, it was pretty hot. At the same time though, I feel like now I'm going to be competing with Katie here for a place in your heart."

"That's not-"

Alan raised his hand, stopping Rachel.

"I know you said you didn't stop loving me. The fact that you brought this up before things could go any further shows that you care about what I feel. But, let's think about it. Over a period of time, who will you have stronger feelings for. Me? Or her? You can't honestly answer that here and now can you?"

Rachel remained still, waiting for Alan to finish his thoughts.

Alan then sighed. "But...I can't say anything either. Who knows? Parents learn to love all of their children, no matter how many they have. Who's to say that we can't have a working love triangle between the three of us? I won't lie, I've started to become attached to Katie as well. It's like you guys have been saying, I see her as someone I can trust completely, and we've already shared quite a few things together."

The room went silent once more, as though Alan was giving the floor to someone else. It was Rachel who stepped up next.

"Alan...there's no competition. To me, you will always come first, period. Unlike Katie, you purposefully chose to stay with me, despite the dangers involved. In this case, I won't even press you to try. If you want me to choose between you or Katie, you have every right to do so, and the answer will be you. In fact, it's not even a choice for me."

Alan sighed again. "I...I don't know. I'm kind of being a guy at the same time. I mean, what guy would pass up a chance to be able to sleep with two women at the same time? This should be a man's wet dream."

Katie spoke up this time. "But you're not the kind of person who focuses on sex only. If you were, I doubt Rachel or I would even be talking about this with you. More than that though, I think I'm correct in saying that all three of us are tempted in the same manner, and that's how this discussion got started."

"But, this triangle will only work if all three of us are willing to work it. I can accept being secondary to the two of you, because I know that even if that's the case, you two will still care about me. But, I have no problem if you feel uncomfortable about it, and I won't get in the way if you decide you don't want to try it. Rachel's right, you have every right to say no if you want to."

Alan sighed again. "And I thought that this wasn't confusing to me..."

Rachel smiled a small smile, and patted Alan on his knee. "It's okay. You've never been presented with such a situation before. If you want, we can stop talking about this and we'll wait until you make your decision. Katie and I will accept whatever you choose, right Katie?"

Katie nodded. "Absolutely."

Alan's eyes wandered as the room fell silent again, until Alan spoke.

"I feel like no matter what I choose, it could be bad. If I say no, I wonder if you two will resent me for it over time, and I feel like if I say yes, then I may become secondary to the two of you."

"No!" Rachel said.

"Absolutely not!" Katie followed with.

"Alan." Rachel spoke. "You probably are the largest piece to our puzzle, there's no question that you are to me. The two of us aren't going to simply write you off like that."

Katie nodded in agreement. "You're not giving yourself enough credit. It was you who willingly opened up first, and allowed me in. If anything, like Rachel, my attachment to you is stronger that my attachment to her, as odd as it may seem at the moment. And will we not resent you for saying no. Rachel and I have already said that we'd accept either answer, and neither of us will resent you for saying no. We accept that it's a difficult choice, and we understand that you're worried about the temptations involved."

The room fell silent again. Alan had heard such pretty words before that had meant nothing. But, at the same time, he knew that he should easily be able to trust Rachel. The two of them had been through a lot together, and like him, she had made the choice to stay with him as well, despite the danger.

The more Alan thought about it, the more it became clear that he should have more faith in Rachel, and Katie as well. This discussion, after all, had started because the two of them were concerned with the implications of what was happening. They also clearly were concerned with what Alan had thought about this. Perhaps he should just do what he normally doesn't do, and go for the leap of faith.

Alan nodded. "Okay." He said finally. "I uh, guess I'll trust the two of you...so, what now?"

"Are you sure, Alan?" Rachel asked.

Alan nodded again. "Yeah. I mean, you and I have been through a lot so far, so if I can't trust you completely by now, then everything we have done will have no meaning."

Rachel smiled and threw her arms around Alan. "Thank you. Thank you for having faith in me." She whispered to him. Rachel then broke the hug as quickly as she initiated it.
