 "Alan...you don't know what you're asking for." Rachel responded to Alan's request.

"I think I was quite clear in what I was asking." Alan responded.

Both of them had sat up at this point and though they were in the nude. That didn't distract them from their very serious conversation.

"If you turn me into a vampire, then I'll at least be able to help you if something happens. I'd rather do that than be the little human off to the side."

"You know I don't think of you like that."

"But that's how I feel! It doesn't matter whether or not you say it. Too many times have I just allowed things to happen without doing something, without fighting back in some way. This would be my chance to change that."

They both went silent, the words hanging in the air. Rachel, after a bit of an internal debate, shook her head.

"I can't."

"Why?"

"Because it wouldn't be fair to you! Think about it. The reality of being a vampire is far different than what you think it is. It's not fun and games."

"I didn't say that."

"But you haven't thought about the fact that you would have to kill others for your survival, did you?"

Alan blinked in surprise, giving Rachel the answer she expected.

"It's more than just that." Rachel continued. "The fact is, a newborn would be very easy to detect, especially considering that you're constantly among humans. You would easily give us away. Vampires who can't hide their presence are easily detected by other vampires."

"Even past all of that though, as I said, it's not fair to you. Becoming a vampire is like being born again. Even though you retain your memory, there's no guarantee that you'd retain your humanity or emotions. In my case, for example, it took me years before I actually began feeling emotions again, aside from my loyalty to Caleb."

"You may be willing to risk all of that. But then, you wouldn't be the normal, ordinary Alan Brooks that I had fallen in love with. Neither you nor I can predict just how becoming a vampire could change you."

"Is it really that big of a change?"

Rachel nodded. "Yes. My first few years as a vampire, I was nothing more than a, for lack of a better expression, a lovesick puppy. As a human, I was never like that. I was also never as promiscuous as I am now as a human. Think of Michael Corleone in The Godfather. What happened to him as he gained power?"

"Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." Alan responded.

"Exactly. You know your Shakespeare. But that strengthens my point, doesn't it?"

"I would never..."

"And how many others have said that? Can you really guarantee that? Just how many people in both fiction and history have fallen to the corruption of their own power?"

"And there are also examples of those who changed for the better as well, it's not all bad..."

"That's why I don't want to risk it. You and I can't predict the future, and I don't want to risk losing you as you are. To me, you're perfect as you are. Just normal, boring, plain old, Alan Brooks."

They again went silent, but only for a few moments.

"I'm sorry." Alan began. "I didn't realize it would be such a big deal to you."

Rachel shook her head. "No, I'm glad we had this conversation. I'll make you a deal though. I'll turn you only as a last resort, when I have no other choice. I can only hope that when I do, you'll remember this discussion we had."

"You seem really adamant that I'll change."

"I've been around for sixty two years as a vampire, so I have seen my fair share of newborns enter the vampire world. Most of them did change, and in most cases, it wasn't for the better. I'm sorry if it sounds like I doubt you, but, I won't apologize for the way I think. I've seen it happen too many times."

Alan smiled a small smile. "I'm suddenly reminded of Death Note."

"Death Note?"

"Another really good anime I watch. The story revolves around this really smart high school kid named Light Yagami who comes across this notebook called the Death Note that allows him to kill anyone he wants so long as he has a name and face."

"At first, he tries to do the 'noble' thing and kills criminals with the Death Note. As time goes on, however, he becomes more and more extreme, and simply starts killing anyone who gets in his way. It's a really good story." Alan explained.

"We'll have to watch it sometime."

"It's really good, and it's definitely a show that makes you think."

A silence fell between them again. But this time, it was a more comfortable silence. Although, for some reason, it still really hadn't dawned on either of them that they were still in the nude.

"Well, we'll have to do that later, right now, I want to continue listening to all of these songs you've got. We only got to the one...uh...One Winged Angel, was it?" Rachel asked, lightening the mood.

Alan smiled and nodded. "Allright."

"Are most of these songs instrumental like we just heard, aside from some chanting?" Rachel asked.

Alan nodded again, moving to his computer. "Most are, yes, but a few others have vocals. Almost all of those are romantic songs for the most part."

"Ooo, let's hear those." Rachel suggested.

Alan decided to start with his favorite song from this category, Eyes On Me.

Rachel was almost speechless right from the start. "Wow...this is beautiful. This was in a video game?"

Alan nodded as he sat next to her. "Yep. Final Fantasy 8."

"Wow..." Rachel repeated. "Are all of them this good?"

"Depends on your tastes, but I like them all." Alan said as the song finished. Next up was I am the Wind.

Rachel was again stunned, and noticed that these songs were setting quite a mood. Rachel began glancing over at Alan. He seemed to be oblivious to it, but she wasn't. These were probably really good lovemaking songs, and were setting that exact mood at the moment. It also helped that they were both sitting here, naked, which Rachel had finally become aware of.

Alan next went with If You Still Believe as Rachel interrupted him. "Alan?"

"Yeah?"

"Could you do me a favor?"

"What?"

"I want you to create a set of these romantic songs to automatically play and have them repeat."

"Why?" She knew it. The idea hadn't occured to him.

"Just do it."

"Ummm, okay." Alan said.

Rachel thought about whether or not Alan might accidentally pick one that would break the mood. She decided that it didn't matter. One, considering his tastes, she decided that she could trust his judgment. And two, nothing was going to break her mood or desire anyway.

When Alan finished, he turned to Rachel, curious as to why she made such a request, and immediately got his answer as he saw that her eyes had changed. Rachel smiled as she leaned to him and kissed him.

The kiss was soft and gentle, and Alan felt that the confidence had returned to Rachel. He noticed that he was also getting better at reading what she wanted. Of course, the music that Rachel had requested was also helping to establish the mood.

Alan's hands traveled to Rachel's face as they kissed, until he felt her pressing her breasts against him. Alan complied with the request by bringing his hands to the offered chest, and gently squeezed her boobs, causing Rachel to moan happily into his mouth.

Rachel's hands, meanwhile, had traveled to Alan's growing erection, which she lightly gripped, and caused him to return a moan into her mouth. Alan responded by slowly tracing one of his hands down to between her thighs, and softly rub her warm mound.

In response, Rachel broke the kiss, and laid down on the bed on her side, with Alan joining her. Before he could lay down, Rachel silently directed him to lay on his side in a 69 position. With a smile, he did so, and they buried themselves in the other's offered treasure.

Rachel was slow and gentle as she licked Alan's manhood. She did not bring him fully into her mouth, though she was paying extra attention to the tip and the small drops that she was receiving as she gently cupped his sac. For the moment, she was paying more attention to how he reacted to her various touches, noting when one of her touches caused a reflex, or when and how she managed to coax little droplets that she could lick up.

Alan, noticing what Rachel was doing, decided to do the same thing, and closely studied Rachel's reactions. Though for him, this was a little more difficult since her canal was inside her. He compensated by slowly probing her with a single finger. Once his finger was inside her, he held it still, and began to slowly lick and rub her with his free hand. Like Rachel, he took the time to notice the subtle things, like when she would become more moist, or when she reflexively gripped his finger. He also noticed that the heat she gave off became more intense, along with her smell, which he drowned himself in.

As time went on and the songs continued to change, each of them noticed that the other's reactions were growing stronger and more frequent, especially Alan's. Rachel ended their exploration by shifting so that they were face to face once more, and kissed him, and Alan eagerly kissed her back.

As they kissed, Rachel reached down between them, and guided Alan to her entrance, and once he was aligned, Alan pushed into her, imbedding himself inside her once more. It was here that the intensity picked up immensely, as both of them proceeded at full speed, their long and slow explorations catching up to them.

They continued to kiss as Alan pumped himself into Rachel with everything he could, and all to soon, could feel the familiar rush of the impending release. Rachel noticed the impending release through Alan's increasing moans into her mouth as she reached her own peak. As it turned out, though, it was Rachel who hit her peak first, her pleasure crashing throughout her, causing her canal to clamp down tightly on Alan's manhood deep inside her.

The tight grip Alan felt she Rachel clamped down on him triggered his own release, and as soon as she felt the first spurt, Rachel wrapped her legs around Alan's waist to bury him as deep inside her as possible, and she shivered as he spilled all of his cum deep inside.

As the pleasure coursed through both of them, their kissing had broken into loud moans and desperate but short quick pecks as they fought for their breath. The pleasure faded away as quickly as it came, and they both caught their breaths, and slowly returned to kissing one another.

"You know...I just noticed...you didn't...say anything...again...what's up with that?" Alan asked.

Rachel giggled tiredly. "That's a...random thing...to ask. Maybe you're...rubbing off on me."

"Well...I was right...about one thing. Those songs...are definitely...good lovemaking music." Rachel said.

"So that's what that was about." Alan had a small laugh. "Funny, I've never thought about that before.

"Really? Never!?"

"Nope. Never had an opportunity to try it. But you didn't answer my question, why so silent all of the sudden?"

Rachel giggled again. "Don't worry, it's not an omen or anything, it's just that sometimes, silence is golden."

"Silence is golden?" Alan replied with a smirk.

"I'm serious! Okay, yes, most of the time, I like to be loud, but sometimes, silence is the way to go. Although for me, it is pretty rare. To be honest, I've never had someone that I can enjoy sex in silence with before, so it's a good thing. Why? Do you want me to be loud?" Rachel asked with a smile.

"To be honest, you do whatever you want. Just about anything works for me."

Rachel snuggled in close. "Typical male response, but, it's still appreciated."

"Gee, thanks."

"Oh, I enjoy our bantering as much as you do, quit whining about it."

Alan sighed. "That's true." Alan thought for a moment. "I really don't want to go to sleep now."

"Why's that?"

"Because I have to get up to go to work tomorrow."

"That's fine, you're taking me with you, remember?"

Oh yeah. "I'm still not sure if I can get you a job."

"That's fine, you just show me to who I need to talk to, I'll do the rest."

"You seem pretty confident."

"Like I said, I saw your boss, and he doesn't seem to be the type to say no to a pretty girl, and especially these knockers."

"Then why do I even need to be involved?"

"Duh. I've never actually met the man before, you'd have to introduce me to him. Though, it'll probably help if you don't introduce me as your lover. He'll be easier to manipulate if he thinks he has a chance."

Alan raised his head. "Manipulate?"

"Oh don't try to be all innocent. Manipulation occurs on a daily basis on all forms. People just give it an unnecessarily ugly definition because most are victims of said manipulation."

Alan laid back down. "That doesn't make me any more comfortable about it."

"Put it this way, we kind of manipulated your friends and family into believing that I'm just a normal girl that you met at the bar, and kept them from knowing or asking about the full truth."

"Wow, you've put some thought into this."

"I've had a lot of time to think to myself, and I've found that one cannot get far if they can't manipulate other people to some degree. Don't take it the wrong way, not all manipulation is bad. Like what we're planning right now, is it really so bad that we try to get me a job by taking a small advantage of my generous breasts?"

Alan remained silent.

"Fine. How about we call it influence? It's the same thing in this case."

Alan sighed again. "I guess that's better."

Sleep overcame both of them quickly after that, and they fell asleep in one another's arms.

***

The morning came far too quickly, and the faithful alarm clock began ringing at the appropriate time. Even as that alarm clock rang, neither Alan nor Rachel wanted to move, and instead held each other tighter.

"I don't want to get up." Alan grumbled.

"Mmm...I don't want to either, especially with that morning wood poking me in the stomach. I'd rather deal with that first." Rachel mumbled.

"Sorry, but actually, I've got to pee really bad."

"That's okay, you can pee on me."

Alan's eyes widened instantly and he shot up, and stared at her. Rachel began laughing when she saw the expression on his face.

"I'm kidding! Or am I? Maybe we'll have to experiment on that later." Rachel teased.

"Oh no, no, no. That is definitely out of the question." Alan responded, shuddering at the thought.

Rachel got up as well, stretching and yawning as she did, jutting out her breasts as she did so. Alan almost swore that she was doing that on purpose.

"Relax." Rachel said upon seeing that Alan was still shuddering and making disgusted faces. "Even I have my limits. I mean, it's sexy if you're comfortable enough with me to go pee while I'm in the bathroom. But, peeing on me....yeah, that's crossing a fine line."

"Anyway, why don't you go take care of business while I get the shower ready?" Rachel suggested, and both of them went to the bathroom and did just that.

"Uh, Rachel? What do you mean it's sexy that I can pee while you're around?" Alan asked as he tended to his bladder.

Rachel turned on the shower, feeling the water and waited for it to become warm. "It's exactly as I said. Take right now for instance, you're doing a perfectly natural thing right now. In quite a few cases that I've noticed, people do this kind of thing privately, and even send their own lovers away when they do so, as though trying to hide a disgusting act that they have to perform."

"To me, that shows that they aren't comfortable enough with each other to perform what is a natural process. It's a small sign, but a small sign like that can indicate a larger, deeper issue. But that isn't a problem between us. I can clearly see that you have no problem peeing in front of me. That means you're comfortable with you being you while I'm here. That is what I find sexy."

Alan finished, flushing the toilet as he thought about Rachel's words. She was right on some level. In the Corps, he had to go through monitored drug tests on a regular basis, and he usually had the case of stage fright, and felt uncomfortable about peeing in front of others. Sure, he's used public toilets before, but he had felt some sense of privacy.

But not here. Here he was, out in the open and completely exposed to Rachel, yet he had no qualms about it.

"Wow, now that you say it like that, it makes sense."

Rachel felt the water of the shower again. "Okay, it's ready." She turned and her eyes traveled to Alan's crotch. "Such a waste of a fine hard-on too." She smiled, and stepped into the shower.

Unfortunately, due to time constraints, and not wanting to get each other too worked up, they kept their activities to a minimum while in the shower, which turned out to be a short one.

Once again, the two of them raided Alan's wardrobe. Rachel today went with one of Alan's nicer shirts and jeans as Alan got into his work clothes.

"Now, I have to ask before we get there, would anyone at your job know that we've hooked up?"

Alan turned to her, confused.

"I mean, do either Ashley or Dave hang out with anyone at your job?" Rachel clarified.

"Oh, no."

"Good. For now, let's keep that little detail a secret, until a little while after I land the job if I get it. Just introduce me to your boss as a friend from out of town that you're trying to help."

"Okay."

"Also, and this is very important. It depends on how it goes, but I'm probably going to flirt with your boss quite a bit. As well as that, I'm going to let him hit on me, if all of that happens, it's important that you don't go all jealous boyfriend on me. Trust me, I may be flirtatious, but there's no way I'm leaving you, understand?"

Alan nodded. "Okay, I guess."

"Alan. This is important. Promise me that you won't get all jealous." Rachel said a little more seriously to Alan, who nodded again.

"I promise."

"Good. Now, it would probably be better if you just left me with your boss and go straight to work, as though you're not interested in who I flirt with at all, that way, things will go easier with your boss."

They walked out of the house, getting into Alan's car.

"I feel like we're planning a major robbery or something." Alan said as he turned the car on. Rachel giggled at the comment.

They rode in silence for the most part, and as they pulled up to Wal-Mart, Alan led her inside.

It took a bit of a search, but Alan was able to locate his boss.

"That's him." Alan pointed out to Rachel, and Rachel gave him a good look.

"Well, at least he's handsome, that means it won't be too farfetched if I'm attracted to him."

Alan gave Rachel a look, which Rachel caught. "What did I tell you before we got here?" She responded sternly, and Alan looked away sheepishly.

"Right, sorry."

"You'd better not blow my chance." She warned as they approached him.

Greg Chambers was a tall man at six foot, and worked out on a regular basis, so he had a fairly decent muscular build, along with, as Rachel had pointed out, a handsome face. Despite his size and build, Greg was a rather easy going individual, and Alan was thankful for having such a cool boss, though Greg was known to be stern when he had to be.

"Hey, Greg." Alan called out, catching Greg's attention.

"Hey Alan, what's...woah!" Greg exclaimed upon seeing Rachel with Alan.

"Greg, this is Rachel, Rachel, this is Greg Chambers, my boss."

Rachel stuck out her hand a little shyly, staring at him with a slightly open mouth.

"I-it's nice to meet you, Mr. Chambers." She said a little flustered.

Greg took Rachel's hand. "The pleasure's mine, believe me, and please, call me Greg."

Rachel giggled a little. "Um..okay, uh, Greg." She was also not directly meeting his eyes.

Alan wasn't sure whether to be shocked or to bust out laughing. She was putting on quite the act. "So, Greg, Rachel here a friend of mind from out of town, and she's having a rough patch in her life, so, is it possible that she can get a job here?"
