 Silence passed through the car as Rachel closed her eyes and leaned up against the window, awaiting their questions. However, both Alex and Katie were both a little afraid. They felt like they had been caught doing something they shouldn't have, and thought that maybe Rachel was planning something to get back at them.

Rachel partly opened her eye to see the obvious fear and concern written on both Alan and Katie's face.

"You two can relax. Like I said, talk is talk. For example, I can talk about going out to Los Angeles and killing every single person there, it doesn't mean I would actually do it. And as for fantasies, those are safe too. I can tell you that I've already fantasized about having sex with Katie, and that I've been with women before. So, anytime you want to try, you can ask me." Rachel admitted, giving Katie a wink, which caused Katie to blush slightly.

This confession visibly relaxed Katie and Alan, and it was Katie who asked the first question.

"What's it like to be with a woman?"

"Most of the time, women are softer and gentler in a good way. And women, naturally, have a better instinct in how to eat pussy. It's pretty fun, assuming of course, the woman you're with knows what she's doing and she's actually into it."

"I've wondered, since I see it in porn a few times, does it really feel good when women rub their pussies against one another?"

"Yeah, it does, though not as good as the porn makes it seem. Then again, I've never gone full out with that, the woman that I did that with were doing it for little more than shits and giggles, really."

"How did you end up having sex with a woman?"

"Caleb. He wanted me in a threesome with another woman, and he has a taste for girl on girl. So I kind of got forced into it at first, but I discovered that I liked it. After that, I become a more willing participant and even sought it out when I could. It also helped that Caleb did not allow his women to have sex with other men, but we could have sex with other women. In short, it was either be with a woman, or no sex at all when he wasn't around. I took what I could."

"Was he away often?" Katie asked, and Alan was starting to wonder once again how long it would take for him to be able to actually ask a question, since Katie was hogging them all right now.

"Yes. He has a lot of women in his clan that he actively has sex with. I wasn't really one of them. Sure, he'd come down every once and a while for a change-up, but that was it. After he snagged me, he really didn't pay much attention to me."

"Alan said that you were with him for sixty years or so, why stay with him for so long if he was so inattentive to you?"

"This may sound a little odd, but he is a Vampire Lord, and the father of my bloodline. It's pretty hard to betray that bloodline, for example, would you turn around and betray or hurt your parents? It's the same thing. Also, I was trying to attempt to win Caleb's attention. And I kept hoping that, someday, he would finally notice me. However, sixty two years for me was too long, and I took off and didn't look back."

Alan had heard this before, but it still pained him to hear. He couldn't imagine hurting Rachel, or anyone like that for that matter. If he were Caleb and had all of those women, Alan would at least try to make time for all of them, or ask them for their opinions, rather than just brush all of them off.

Hearing Rachel tell the story herself, Katie thought that it was a really depressing story. Katie herself went through something like that, one of her former asshole boyfriends treating her like a trophy prize, while at the same time, was cheating behind her back until Katie had caught him red handed.

She had gone through a bout of depression after that wondering if it was something she did until she discovered that, no, it wasn't her, but her boyfriend was simply an asshole. He was later caught cheating on his next girlfriend.

But this was different, and much worse. Not only was he Rachel's boyfriend, but also in a way, her father. Katie couldn't imagine how she would take it if her father betrayed and neglected her in favor of some unknown and random individual. That kind of betrayal hurts deep down, and it was more clear on why Rachel tried for sixty two years to win his attention.

The atmosphere in the car had changed drastically, and Katie wanted to change that back to the playful atmosphere before, and shot her next question.

"So, what did you think of some of our earlier admissions?" Katie asked, for the moment just wanting to change the tone of the conversation.

"Uhh, be specific, you two made a lot of admissions." Rachel replied.

"Well...Alan said that he would be up for it if you showed up with a strap-on and wanted to fuck him in the ass, what about that?"

Rachel smiled. "Mmmm, Alan, you dirty boy. I'd be all about it, I would happily fuck your ass." She told him.

Alan suddenly was afraid. "Uhh..."

"Don't worry Alan, I'd be gentle. Currently, you can barely take my fingers, I wouldn't try and force something that big on you without some preparation and care."

"Uhh, thanks?"

"Oh, stop being so weird about it. You've already had my ass before, I think it's only fair that I have a shot at yours."

"I've never done anal before, is it good?" Katie asked.

"Oh yeah, it's good. Not as good as a pussy fuck, but it's pretty good, especially with Alan here. He's pretty careful and gentle. I had to beg him to start pounding me hard because he was afraid of hurting me the first time we did. He's sweet like that though, and I don't mind at all."

"Now I'm surprised. Why haven't you done anal? You seem to be quite the experimental type, I'd thought that you would have tried it by now?" Alan finally got to ask a question.

Katie shook her head. "No. Like I said earlier, I've never found someone who I could fully trust."

"I won't make any promises, but maybe you'll find someone, someday. I hope you do, cause you seem pretty cool and fun to me." Rachel complimented Katie, causing her to blush a little again.

"Thanks. So, how do you feel about domination and submission?" Katie asked next.

"Well, it was pretty fun when I was with Caleb, though I was always the submissive one, so I really want to try my hand at being the dominate one. And we have a really good scenario going for us, I can be the big, bad, nasty vampire, and you can be the poor little human completely under my control." Rachel said seductively to Alan.

"Uhh, if you put it like that, you can do that to me anytime."

Katie felt a sense of envy at that moment. Why couldn't she have ever had such a cool and open boyfriend? If she had tried that with any of her previous boyfriends, she probably would have freaked them out. Then again, it was also true that she never asked.

"Okay, now what is your dirtiest fantasy?" Katie asked next.

Rachel went into thought for a moment, then shook her head. "Sorry, nothing really more outstanding than what you guys got. Well, strike that, I've fantasized of being a part of a bukkake."

"Bukkake?" Both asked at the same time.

"Mmmhmm. Not so much in the sense that I'm fucking thirty or so guys at once, but the idea that I'd be absolutely covered in cum from head to toe. Now that's the thought that gets me off. All of that delicious, warm, gooey, cream in every spot that I could imagine. I think I'd just play with it for hours, rubbing it everywhere, and feeling it pouring out of my mouth, ass, and pussy. Oooo, that sounds nice."

"Just how much do you love cum anyways?" Alan asked, noticing that Rachel has done that kind of thing before, well, rubbing his cum all over herself anyways.

"I absolutely love it. Not just man cum, I love woman cum too. I just love cum. I even love the word 'cum'. One could even go as far as to say that I have a cum fetish."

"What about you Katie?" Alan asked.

"Me? I love it too, though probably not as much as Rachel. Every now and again I like a douse of it on me, but for the most part, I either want to feel it in my pussy or to swallow it. And I haven't had a woman's cum before, aside from mine, which I've learned to like. Now that just leaves you." Katie answered.

"Oh, uh, sorry. I mean, I like the taste of a woman's cum I guess, but that's about it. Rachel got me to taste our mixed juices before, but I was kind of put off about it. So I'm kind of boring in that aspect."

Katie shrugged. "It's kind of an acquired taste, but one you have to be willing to acquire as well. But I'll be honest, I think it would be hot if a man liked to taste himself. Then, we could swap his cum after I give him a blowjob. I personally would go nuts if a man could do that."

Rachel's face lit up. "Oh, I'm definitely going to push for that a little more, I hope you're ready Alan. Thanks Katie, that's a great idea I haven't even considered before."

"You're welcome, glad I can help."

Oh boy, Alan sighed to himself.

"What do you think, Alan?" Rachel asked.

"Uhh....well...since it's for you...I guess I could give it more of a try."

Katie felt that twinge of envy again. She had tried to kiss her boyfriends in the past after giving them a blowjob, only to be turned down every time. Now Katie knew for sure that Alan was a rare and special lover that she wished she could have.

Alan saw that Katie had gone into thought, which didn't look like the happiest of thoughts. "Katie? You allright back there?"

"Yeah...just thinking..." She drifted.

"What's wrong? We've been sharing everything up to this point. Is something the matter?" Rachel asked.

"Well..."

"It's okay. Whatever it is, you can say it."

"I was just wishing that I could have Alan. He's a special man that I wish I could have, or at least, someone open like him. I really envy you, Rachel."

"Oh. There's nothing wrong with that, why were you worried about admitting that?" Rachel asked.

"Well, I just didn't want you guys to worry that I might try to steal Alan or something. I don't want to come between you two, I can clearly see that what you two have is very special, and I don't want to ruin that."

"That's sweet of you to say, and it's nice to know that you have that kind of mindset, so I don't think I have to worry about that happening. I know that Alan, for sure, wouldn't do anything to hurt me. That's why we've come as far as we have, and that's why I love him so much."

"I love you too, Rachel." Alan added.

Katie smiled. Even though she was envious, she was also happy for the both of them. It's a somewhat rare and very beautiful thing to see two people just so well tuned with each other.

"Now let's get back to the sex questions. You're right Katie, this is fun." Rachel said. "Although, like you guys, I'm getting pretty turned on as well." She added.

"Yeah, that's the draw back, all of this talk of sex makes you really want it."

Rachel began to form an idea, feeling adventurous. "Katie, up for joining me?"

"Joining you?"

Alan noticed out of the corner of his eye that Rachel was pulling her pants off, and alarm bells went off in his head.

"Wanna masturbate?"

Katie didn't expect this. "Here? Now?"

"Sure. I really need to cum, and I'm guessing that you do as well. I figured it would be more fun if we could do it together."

"What about me?" Alan asked.

"You're driving."

"Well, yeah, but. You're also asking Katie to masturbate in front of me as well."

"Well, don't you think Katie should be concerned with that instead of you? I'm not concerned if you watch her. Hell, we've watched porn together, so I wouldn't mind if you watched her."

"Uh, I guess..."

"Don't worry, after we're done, I'll take care of you. I'm not going to leave you completely out to dry this time. I just want to bond a little with Katie. So, how about it, you up for it?"

Katie's eyes glance between Alan and Rachel. "Well, this feels a little awkward. I mean, we've been talking about it, but, this feels like we're kind of taking a big step."

"Well, would you rather be horny for the next few hours with lots of dirty thoughts in your mind? It's okay whether you want to do it or not. But, I'm definitely doing it, so the choice is yours." Rachel said, her pants now off and awaiting Katie's answer.

Katie shrugged, but smiled. "I'm in."

"Cool. You know, I've never actually masturbated with someone else before, so this is going to be a first for me."

"It's a first for me as well." Katie said as she began to take off her pants.

"Okay, now first, Alan, make sure we're not right next to someone so people don't start seeing what Katie and I are doing, got it?"

Alan's brain was barely functioning at this point. "Uhh, okay." He responded. "Actually, can we just pull over? I'm really not sure I want to try and drive while this is going on. I mean, I'll be trying to watch both you guys and the road at the same time."

"I suppose we could, but I'd rather keep going on the road for as long as we can. I also understand that this is mean to you, which is why I'm offering to take care of you after we're finished. And if you really feel like you're missing out, perhaps Katie would be up for showing you what you missed while I take care of you."

"Uhhh...really? What do you mean by that?"

"Exactly what I said. If Katie wants, she can sit somewhere where you can stare at her pussy while I take care of you. I'm sure it'll be a nice sight, since it'll be a pussy fresh from a nice cum. What about it Katie, up for that if necessary? Again, I won't mind. As Alan told you, I've been his only other real woman that he's been with, so your pussy would only be the second live pussy that he's ever seen."

"Uhh, sure. If you guys don't mind, I guess I won't either. Hell, I'm about to masturbate right here in front of both of you." Katie responded, her pants now off.

"Okay. Now, another thing. Katie, I don't care who you fantasize about, even if it's Alan. If you want to picture Alan fucking you or sucking your pussy or cry out his name, that's fine with me. I also don't mind if you fantasize about me as well. In fact, I think I'd like it more if you fantasized about either of us, whoever it may be."

"Okay." Katie acknowledged. "But who are you going to be fantasizing about?" Katie asked, curious.

"To tell you the truth, I won't be fantasizing anything. I'm going to be fully enjoying the moment, knowing that you're right behind me, rubbing what I'm sure is a sweet and nice pussy, in fact..." Rachel turned, and glanced at Katie's naked legs. Katie got the idea, and spread her legs, revealing to Rachel her cleanly shaved, red, and aroused lips. They were glistening and puffy as well, showing that she was clearly aroused.

Rachel smiled and licked her lips, enticing Katie a little more by taking a hand and spreading her lips apart, revealing the very wet passage that led inside her. "Yep. A very nice and sweet pussy. I'd eat that any day." Rachel turned back into her seat, but didn't see Katie follow through.

"Well, you just showed me yours, come up here and see mine." Rachel offered, throwing her legs on the dashboard to give Katie the best view possible as Katie leaned forward. Rachel saw that Katie stared at her pussy with a lust filled expression.

"Nice, right?" Rachel asked. Katie merely nodded, which Rachel took as a good response. Rachel put her legs back down, which Katie took as a sign to sit back in her own seat.

Alan's brain nearly malfunctioned during this exchange. It's a good thing he was trying to keep a healthy distance away from all other vehicles while this was going on. He probably would have crashed into someone if he didn't.

"Ready?" Rachel asked.

"Oh yeah." Katie answered.

With that, both of them reached down and began rubbing themselves, and both of them humming their pleasure as they did so.

"Katie?" Rachel asked, her voice sultry.

"Yeah?" Katie responded, her voice dreamy.

"Are you a vocal person, or more the quiet type?"

"Vocal."

"Mmm, good. So that means if I ask you how hot you are at the idea of both of us rubbing our very wet pussies like this..."

"Yeah, I'll tell you just how fucking horny I am right now, and how wet I am for this."

Rachel moaned, increasing her pace. "Oh, God, it's sooo fucking good. Sooo fucking sexy."

"Fuck yeah. Jesus, I never thought that touching myself with someone could be so fucking hot." Katie sighed.

To Alan's surprise, for the next few moments, both of them went silent. The only thing that could be heard was their heavy breathing, along with moans of pleasure. It then occurred to Alan that this was exactly what they wanted to hear at the moment. It didn't stay silent for long.

"Ooo. Just thinking of you back there, stroking that sweet pussy of yours is making my own pussy throb. Ahhhh."

"Ah, yeah. I love it! Aaaa, fuck! Rub that pussy for me! Make that pussy throb for me!"

"Oooo, fuck, yessss. You're, ah, aggressive, but you'd better be making your pussy throb for me. You'd better be making that pussy feel really good for me!"

"Shit! Oh yeah, my pussy's throbbing for you. God, it's so wet! Ahh, maybe, ah, our pussies can meet up and give each other some good fucking kisses."

"Mmmm, it's a date. Oooo, I just got even more wet thinking about it. Mmmm, fuck! Jes-ah! Soo fucking good!"

Each of them had picked up their pace, and were going at high speeds. Alan, on the other hand, could already feel the stain in his pants. This was both awesome, and torture! He did feel a little bad that he was being completely left out at the moment. Well, Rachel did say that this was more of a bonding between the two of them.

Katie, who had been turned on for a lot longer, started reaching her peak before Rachel could.

"Oh, God, Rachel! I'm gonna cum! My pussy is gonna cum for you!" Katie cried out.

Rachel reluctantly slowed down and turned to watch Katie, whose eyes were closed.

"Open your eyes." Rachel told Katie, who did so, meeting Rachel's altered eyes.

"Now make that pussy cum for me. Make yourself cum. Make it feel good. Cum for me while I watch."

The first time Katie saw those eyes, it was a frightening sight. But now, with those eyes filled with so much lust, they were irresistible. Katie realized that she would do anything for that gaze.

Katie closed her eyes, and unleashed the last of her strength upon herself, more determined to make herself cum.

"Fuck, ah, I'm gonna ah, I'm, I'm, I...OOOOO GOOOOOD YESSSSSSS!!!!!" Katie hissed as she tensed up as the dam broke, and the pleasure crashed through her. Katie twisted and tightened as her orgasm hit her, thrusting herself into her fingers for several moments until she went limp and sighed loudly. All of this was done under Rachel's watchful eyes.

"Mmmm....fuck....that was....goood. God." Katie sighed, smiling, with half opened and dreamy eyes, which turned to Rachel, who was smiling a lust filled smile.

"I...never thought that....masturbating....with someone...could feel sooo good. I'll do that again...anytime." Katie breathed out, then smiled back at Rachel.

"Now it's your turn." Katie said to Rachel, who, without a word, turned around, and reached down for her aching pussy once again.

Katie leaned forward, and watched Rachel as her fingers returned to work, and Katie's eyes drifted between watching her fingers below, and the expressions on Rachel's face.

Rachel opened her eyes, and partway turned to Katie. "You can, ah, touch me if you want. Mmmphh, or hold me, or just do anything you want...fuck! It feels sooo good!"

Katie smiled, and with her left hand, reached down to rub Rachel's thigh, while the right hand went over to Rachel's right breast, pressing underneath the shirt. Katie quickly recognized that Rachel wasn't wearing a bra, but shoved that thought aside, and began to fondle the bare flesh.
