 So far, nothing yet. Unfortunately, due to the situation, Lord Caleb could no longer dedicate his resources to searching for the renegades. Instead, he had been dedicating his time and men to defend his power bases, all for a war that hadn't gotten started yet.

Of course, it was a matter of time, ever since the conference of three days ago had confirmed it. Since then, Lord Christian had joined the alliance between himself and Lord Issac. However, none of the others had attempted to contact him personally, which meant that either one, they didn't know anything and didn't want to get involved, or two, they were involved.

The worst case scenario was that it was five on three. That would make fighting this war particularly difficult.

However, there were no signs of it yet. No large movements, no signs of aggression, nothing. Perhaps they were waiting for an opportunity, whoever exactly 'they' were, but, fortune favors the bold. The longer the wait, the worse their chances, surely they realize that?

"Lord Caleb?" One of his nameless servants came in.

"Yes, what is it?"

"There is something very important you need to see, my Lord."

"Very well, what is it?"

With a bow, the servant cautiously approached his Lord, and surrendered what he was carrying in his hands. They were photographs, and Lord Caleb instantly recognized all who were in the photos.

His eyes widened. "Where did you get these!?" Lord Caleb asked quickly.

"They were sent to us by cell phone. We took the photos and blew them up to properly examine them."

"Where!?" Lord Caleb asked impatiently.

"From what we were told, they are on an island, an island owned by Lord Constantine."

Lord Caleb's eyes traveled to the photographs. Of course he recognized the cunt that had caused him so much trouble in recent days, his own Rachel. Her pathetic little boyfriend was there as well. And lastly, which seemed to confirm the statement that they were indeed on an island that was own by Lord Constantine, was Elizabeth, one of Lord Constantine's favorites.

This photo had everything he needed, and told him almost everything he needed to know. Apparently, from what it appeared, Lord Constantine was having Elizabeth train the renegades, which meant that he intended them to fight the war, or to at least start it. A clever move indeed.

Lord Caleb stared at the photos for several moments, before the smile on his face formed, which widened until he could no longer contain himself, and began to laugh out loud with all of his might. He finally had them!

However, he had to make sure that he didn't act too hastily, for this could also be a very clever trap. Even if the photos were real, there's no way to tell whether or not someone could be waiting with an ambush should he go and deal with them.

"The one who sent this photo, I wish to speak to him personally." Lord Caleb told his servant.

"I want to know everything he knows." Lord Caleb said in a low and dark voice.

*****

"Okay, I think that's enough for today." Liz announced suddenly, sheathing her sword. This surprise Alan, Rachel, and Katie

"Why? We've only been out here for a few hours?" Alan asked, curious.

"Simple, Lord Constantine is getting impatient. He wants to get things started soon. You're not going to be any good to him if you're exhausted when he calls you for battle." Liz explained, and began walking away before she stopped suddenly.

"Oh, and on a side note for me personally, since this may be the last few days we have together, I'd like to have Alan one more time before things get started. I haven't had a chance to have him since we first arrived here, and I'm sure once things get started, I probably won't have another chance at him anytime soon, if ever." She said a little more warmly, and with a small smile, before she walked back inside the mansion.

The trio gathered together. "Actually, that reminds me. Since we've been so busy all this time, we never got a chance to ask, just how did it go with her the first time?" Katie asked.

Alan blushed slightly. "Well...it was...strange, I guess?" Alan answered, causing both Rachel's and Katie's eyebrows to raise suspiciously.

"Okay, how do I put this...she has...strange tastes. She likes it rough, really rough. She practically got me to rape her on some level, and I had torn the pants she was wearing in half because she was provoking me."

"Provoking you? How?" Katie asked.

"Well, she challenged me. You see, she doesn't like what she calls 'weak lovers', apparently they don't satisfy her. So, when she gets going, she wants someone who will more or less forcibly subdue and claim her. She challenged me to do just that."

"But, that doesn't seem like you at all. I mean, we can get a little rough here or there ourselves, but you've never been much of the aggressive type, what happened?" Katie asked.

Alan's eyes fell a little. "I...I'm not really sure. I mean, the things that she was saying to me, they made me angry, really angry. And, well, a part of me took over, and gave her what she wanted. Afterwards, she told me that was precisely what she wanted from the start. She said that I had a primal side of me that she had seen that she wanted to bring to the surface for her enjoyment. Like I said, it was strange."

Katie and Rachel shared a brief look with one another. This was the part of him that Rachel and Katie had talked about.

Alan wondered what the glance between the two girls was about, but before he could try and guess, they had turned back to him.

"Well, did you enjoy it? Was she a good fuck?" Rachel asked.

Alan's head shrank into his shoulders a little. "Yeah. I mean, as strange as it was, I actually enjoyed myself. Especially when it really occurred to me that she just wanted it rough."

"How does she compare to us?" Katie asked next, causing Alan to feel uncomfortable, which Katie and Rachel spotted.

"Duh, of course we're going to want to know how you compare her to us. Don't feel bad, you can be honest. Honesty does go a long way, after all." Rachel said.

"Well, in a primal sort of way, she was very satisfying. It was like relieving a lot of pent up stress. But, in any other way, it kind of left me empty. After we fucked, that was it really, nothing else. It was like we sat down and ate lunch together real quick before we moved on to other things. Not at all like you two, who are thoroughly more satisfying and fulfilling to me than she is." Alan said after a moment of thought.

Katie and Rachel glanced at one another again, and they both came to the same conclusion. Liz might actually be good for him, and for them as a whole.

"Uh, what are you guys thinking about?"

Katie and Rachel turned to Alan.

"Well, would you like to fuck her again since she's offering?" This came out of Katie, which surprised Alan. Before, she was the reluctant one who didn't want to see him with other women at all.

"Well..." Alan hesitated, not sure just where this was going. Katie rolled her eyes, walked up, grabbed Alan by the shoulders, and spun him around to face the mansion. She then shoved him forward.

"Go fuck her. It'll be good for you." Katie told him.

Alan turned around, wondering what the hell was going on. "But-"

Katie then pointed in the direction of the mansion. "You go march that way right now and fuck that girl's brains out."

"Uh..."

"Do you want me to spell it out for you like the first time Rachel had to spell it out to get you to fuck me? Fine." Katie walked up to Alan, and put a hand on his crotch, and felt that he was already hard.

"I want you to take this very nice and hard cock of yours." She said, squeezing the said cock in her hand gently. "And go and stick this hard cock into that girl's pussy that's waiting for you, slide it in and out of her as fast and hard as she wants it, and dump all of the cum you've got into that obviously eager pussy. Understand?" Katie whispered softly into Alan's ear.

With Alan now under her spell, Alan dumbly and slowly nodded. "Okay." He said meekly, turned, and walked away. He was so much in a trance that he didn't even bother to fix the tent in his pants that Katie had helped form as he walked into the mansion. 

Both Katie and Rachel giggled after Alan walked away, both of them seeing the very obnoxious tent. "You're very good. I was almost tempted to obey you, and you weren't even addressing me." Rachel said, approaching Katie and standing next to her.

"He can really be thick-headed at times, but at least he finally got the message." Katie commented, before her smile faded.

"I didn't think that you would be all about it, though, what happened?" Rachel asked, herself now curious.

"I'm not. It annoys me that he's about to go fuck that girl. But, I think you and I realized the same thing. Going a few rough rounds with her might work as a good form of therapy." Katie explained.

"I was right, we were on the same page. I was thinking the same thing you were, but I wasn't sure how you'd take it." Rachel said.

"What about you? I know you explained to me about all of the vampire stuff on monogamy and what not, but doesn't it bother you that he's about to fuck some other girl instead of one of us?" Katie asked Rachel.

"Well, it doesn't bother me as much. I mean, I'm just more used to it, and at first, I wanted him to experience a lot of other women. I even told him this. But, actually, I'm finding that I actually don't want him with other women. I'd rather that he just stay with us." Rachel admitted.

"At the same time, in this case, you're right. I mean, I can take it a little rough, but apparently, not as rough as Liz can. So, this might be good for him, to help him relieve some of that pent up anger he's got. His story confirmed it, and it also means that he really hasn't come to terms with it yet. I hope he does before everything gets started." Rachel finished, staring at the mansion, as though she could see through it directly to Alan himself.

"Hopefully, I'll get a chance to really talk to him today as well. With everything so crazy for the past what...week and a half? I haven't really been able to sit and talk with him in a way that I'd like." Katie then turned to Rachel.

"I'm sorry to ask you this, but this conversation I think I should have alone with him directly. So, if you don't mind, I'd like some private time with him after he finishes fucking Liz. Also, I haven't had sex with him alone yet, and I'd really like to. Will you mind?"

Rachel turned to Katie and nodded. "I understand, and no, I don't mind at all. In fact, it's only fair, since I've had him while we were alone, so you should have that opportunity as well. In the meantime, what do you say to some fun?"

Katie grinned and nodded. "Oh I'm definitely game for that."

*****

This was a strange situation to be in, Alan thought to himself now that he was able to think. In short, Katie, and perhaps even Rachel in a silent way, was demanding that he go fuck Liz. He wondered why though as he walked inside the mansion, to find Liz sitting down and waiting for him.

He watched her eyes raise as he walked in, then stopped suddenly at something. To Alan's surprise, her look changed to one of amusement.

"Either you're that excited for this, or your girlfriends primed you for me." She said with a smirk.

Alan blinked, and turned downward, now seeing the source of Liz's amusement. Alan blushed as he looked back to Liz.

"Uh, yeah...that was Katie. She...kind of gave me an extra incentive to come here."

Liz tilted her head slightly. "The human? Curious. She wasn't too enthusiastic about the idea before."

Liz then shrugged her shoulders and stood before Alan could answer. "Well, might as well make the most of it. Let's go." Liz directed, leading the way.

"So...do I have to 'earn' you again, or something?" Alan asked, wondering if this was going to be a repeat of what happened last time. To be honest, he wasn't sure if he was up for such a round.

For some reason, the question caused Liz to stop. She slowly turned to Alan, and Alan saw something brand new he had not seen on her face yet. Was it...apprehension?

"Well, actually..." Liz stopped herself and turned around. "I'll explain when I know for sure that no one can eavesdrop. You'll understand why shortly."

First Katie and now Liz. Did everyone start swapping bodies while Alan wasn't looking or something? He wondered if Rachel was going to surprise him next with something out of left field.

Alan followed Liz to the room that they had used last time, except, this time, Liz didn't close the door behind him, prompting him to do so. When he turned back around, he saw that Liz was simply staring at him. Silence hung in the air for a few moments, but before Alan could break the silence, Liz beat him to it.

"Why don't we sit?" She asked lightly, and moved to sit on the bed.

"What uh, what is going on?" Alan asked once he sat down next to her.

Alan watched as Liz closed her eyes, and take one deep breath. When she opened her eyes, she began.

"Look, this emotional stuff is just not my thing. For me, it was never really a part of any equation in my life. All of my relationships that I've ever had with others were nothing more than just pleasure. Even my relationship with Lord Constantine has no love in it, I just happen to be his favorite, which never really bothered me."

Where is she going with all of this? Alan asked himself as Liz turned away from him.

"Love as a whole is a rare sight among vampires, because relationships among us do not create families, nor do they create any kind of real bond. In fact, many even see having such relationships as a weakness that others can exploit. Not only that, many have used the emotions of others to their advantage."

Liz turned back to Alan. "What you share with your two girlfriends is rare. Sure, it may not be the normal monogamy that is normally associated with love, but, that doesn't make it any less significant. The week and a half that we've been together, I've watched you three share each other's pains, triumphs, emotions, and simply care for each other in ways that one doesn't see among vampires in general."

Liz turned away again. "Like I said, it never really bothered me. Until now, until I saw you three so wrapped together the way you are, and your lives intertwined on such a deep level that I found myself...wanting. Now that I see it right in front of me, real, and in a way that I can see and understand it, I find myself wishing that I had such a thing."

Liz turned to Alan one more time. "I know it's probably too late for me. I'll probably never find something so special as I am now. But, I also don't want to go the rest of my life without experiencing it at least once. Even if it's for just a handful of minutes, I want to know what it's like to share such a deep connection with someone else."

"So, is that something I can ask of you? Can I ask you to love me the way you do your two girlfriends for just a few minutes? Can I ask you to be the first person in my life who makes love to me, rather than just fucks me?" Liz finished, staring directly into Alan's eyes.

Alan was completely taken aback by Liz's speech, and couldn't even form words for several moments. Liz, showing patience that again surprised Alan, simply sat and stared at him, awaiting his response.

Alan's eyes fell a little, and he began. "Look, that's...not an easy thing to ask. I mean, love isn't really something that just appears and vanishes that quickly. It's something that goes deep, and can last a long time. So, I don't know if I can give you what you're looking for."

Alan raised his eyes to meet Liz's own. "But...I can do the best I can. I won't make any promises though. Everyone's vision of what love is is different from person to person. However, I'll do the best I can, if that's what you want."

Liz actually smiled at this. "That's all I'm asking for. I'm not expecting anything out of this. In fact, I hope nothing really does happen after this, because you and I are going to be walking very separate paths soon. Not only that, I'm not sure how your girlfriends will receive me."

"No, things will get too complicated if we get too involved with each other, especially since crazy things are about to happen soon. It would be best if nothing between us really develops." Liz concluded, then moved to stand directly in front of Alan.

She bent forward so that her face was inches from Alan's own, and the two of them could feel their breathing on one another, which had begun to pick up. Liz smiled, then closed the remaining gap, and kissed Alan.

Unlike last time, her lips were soft and gentle, and her kisses were light. Alan responded by kissing her back lightly as well, and their lips continued to brush lightly against one another as Liz's hands slowly traveled to Alan's cheeks, in an almost possessive manner. Liz then broke away, both of them now breathing much heavier.

"Even though you don't really mean it, I want to hear it anyway. I want you to tell me that you love me. Just for a few minutes, I want someone to tell me those words, words that I've never heard someone other than my family tell me my entire life." She nearly begged breathlessly.

Alan was taken aback by the request, though this only lasted for a few moments, and he smiled, his own hands traveling to her cheeks. "Liz...you're a beautiful woman, and...I love you." Alan felt bad that it wasn't completely true, and he usually reserved those words for the people that he does love. However, as Liz said, it was something she wanted to hear, even if it wasn't real.

Liz smiled widely, and her heart warmed upon hearing those words, despite the lack of meaning behind them. "Thank you." She whispered before she began kissing Alan once again, this time more deeply, and with more passion.

As they kissed, Liz began putting her weight on Alan, pushing him back. Alan, after a few moments, allowed himself to fall back on the bed that he had been sitting on. And as one, he and Liz collapsed on the bed together, with Liz settling herself on top of Alan.

Liz's hair fell on Alan's cheeks, tickling him slightly, and Alan's hands traveled from Liz's cheeks to her back, pulling her even closer to him and mashing their bodies together.

It was even better then Liz had imagined it to be. All of these years, and she had no idea that this kind of affection could feel this good. Then again, it was very hard to find someone like Alan in the world, who was capable of such affection. As she felt the hands travel to her back, she grinded herself more actively into Alan, as though trying to melt into his skin. She could also feel another rare emotion creeping up on her. Though she tried to fight it, she ultimately couldn't.

Alan broke the kiss upon feeling something warm and wet slide on to his cheeks. To his utter amazement, he saw that tears had formed in Liz's eyes.

"Wha, what's wrong?" Alan asked, concerned.

Liz wiped away the tears in her eyes. "It's...it's just upsetting that...I probably won't ever have a moment like this for the rest of my life."

"B-but-" But Liz cut Alan off with a finger.

"Don't start with that sympathetic 'you'll find someone someday' garbage. I admit it, I'm a damaged woman. Be it from the rape, or just how I've learned to live my life, I'm fully aware that I'm someone who doesn't have the proper capacity to love. In fact, I've spent most of my life aspiring to be alone, and I know it's too late for me."

"Just who would have me? Just who could love a near insane person like me? Not only that, but as I said, could I love that person back? Truly love them? Right here and now, I know that this will only last for a few minutes, and I'm only doing this with you because you are a very special person. I haven't even done this kind of thing with Lord Constantine, and he and I share the closest thing I'm capable of to a relationship."
