 Alan sighed. He was pretty tired, but he just couldn't resist the two naked girls who were glowing at him, fresh from an orgasm themselves.

"Alright." Then again, it wasn't all bad. Who wouldn't want to press their fingers into the completely nude flesh of these two gorgeous women?

Both girls squealed with delight. "I've never had a man give me a massage!" Katie bursted out.

"Me either. Where do you want us?" Rachel asked.

"You guys can just lay face down along the bed side by side." Alan said, and both girls moved to do so, with Katie on the left, and Rachel on the right. They were also very close together, close enough that their arms were almost touching.

Alan fell into a trance for quite a few moments due to the four sets of cheeks that were sticking up at him. However, their legs were closed tightly, preventing Alan from seeing more.

"Hello? Earth to Alan?" Rachel called out, breaking Alan's trance, and he shook his head.

Both girls giggled together. "I guess I can't blame you, I'm sure I'd zone out too if I had two sets of fine, tight asses in my face." Rachel commented, whose head was raised and was staring at Alan with an amused expression on her face. Katie was also staring at him with an amused expression on her face as well.

"So...who should I start with?" Alan asked. Both girls laid their heads down, facing each other.

"This is your fantasy, remember? Do whatever you want." Katie answered, as both she and Rachel closed their eyes, with smiles on their faces.

Alan's eyes traveled back and forth. He wasn't sure himself on where to begin, and decided to make his choice through a silent 'eeny meeny miny moe'. Katie ended up being the winner, and Alan straddled her back first.

Katie purred as she felt Alan's weight slowly fall on her lower back, along with both his currently soft cock and balls. Alan was careful not to rest all of his weight on her, but enough that he could hold himself up and be comfortable.

"So." Alan began, cracking his knuckles. "How would you like your massage?"

"Anyway you want." Katie sighed dreamily.

With that, Alan began, reaching for her shoulders first. Katie hummed as she felt Alan's fingers pressing into her shoulders, causing her to relax.

"Wow...this is really good." Katie sighed as Alan massaged her shoulders, her neck, and her head.

Rachel's eyes had opened, and was watching. "Is he really that good?"

"Mmmhmm." Katie responded, her eyes closed, relishing the fingers that were digging into her.

"I wish I had know his fingers had a magical touch, I would have taken advantage of that a long time ago." Rachel replied, eagerly awaiting her turn.

Silence passed as Alan continued, aside from Katie's purrs. He massaged every inch of her glorious skin, and slowly began working his way down. When he reached near the small of her back where he was currently planted, he shifted himself so that he sat upon her cheeks, and his cock somehow naturally aimed itself into her crack.

Katie felt that he was also hard again, and wiggled her cheeks slightly in response to the rod that she could now feel.

"Mmm, feels like you're enjoying yourself as much as I am." Katie remarked, desire in her voice. She too was now turned on, and had spread her legs slightly to relieve the heat and wetness that had begun to build up.

"Yeah, I don't know why, but I love doing this." Alan replied.

Once he was done with her back, instead of going lower to her butt, he decided to turn around, and faced the opposite direction. He then began to massage Katie's long and smooth legs.

He started at the foot of one of the legs, and slowly massaged his way up. When he got to her thighs, he stopped and switched to the other leg, and repeated the same thing.

When he reached the thigh of the other leg, he lifted himself up, turned around, and this time, settled himself just below her thighs. He then reached down, and began massaging her upper thighs.

Alan now began to purposefully tease Katie, and was mostly focusing his attentions on her inner thighs, knowing that he was dangerously close to her pussy, which he could now see was glistening with her juices.

Katie was now squirming slightly under Alan's expert touches, and she was shifting herself, desparately trying to get Alan's fingers to make contact with her pussy, which was now aching with desire.

Alan held a grin, and from time to time, would lightly brush her pussy with his fingers, causing her to slightly jump and moan. She then groaned her frustration when Alan's fingers made no further contact. It was here that Katie remembered the game, and she realized that he was teasing her on purpose.

"You fuck..." Katie murmured as Alan's grin widened.

"Sorry, but remember, you have to try and resist it as long as you can." Alan said triumphantly.

"That's right, I almost forgot about that. Shit." Rachel moaned. She had a feeling that Alan was going to very quickly drive them both through the roof, based on Katie's reactions. At least she had the heads up, and could prepare herself for it, unlike poor Katie.

"Fucking bullshit. You'll pay for this you little fuck." Katie groaned, but was smiling. "You'll see, Rachel and I will have you begging for us instead of the other way around." Katie was now suppressing her urges before they overtook her, and she threw herself at him.

Alan decided to take it one step further, and he slid up, and purposefully nestled his now hard cock between her open legs. Katie gasped as she felt his cock make contact with the bottom edge of her pussy. She then sighed as Alan began rubbing his fingers into her ass cheeks.

"Not fair...I completely forgot about the game." Katie moaned as Alan massaged her cheeks. Katie restrained herself with all of her might, and was rewarded as Alan finally lifted himself off of her.

Unfortunately, the damage was already done, and she was now incredibly turned on. And it probably wasn't going to go away anytime soon.

Alan then nestled himself on top of Rachel next, and began massaging her the same way he had massaged Katie. Rachel was now purring, and even though she was trying to fight to keep her urges down, she was losing that battle. It was the anticipation more than anything that was getting to her, and now with those fingers pressing so nicely into her shoulders, she knew it was going to be hard to resist.

"Katie...we're gonna get him for this." Rachel moaned as the expert fingers worked his way down her back.

"Oh yeah...if I'd know that it was going to be this good, I wouldn't have tried playing this game. I'm soaking wet, and he hasn't even done my front yet. Oh, and watch out, he's going to tease the shit out of you by massaging your inner thighs without touching your pussy." Katie warned.

"Fuck..." Rachel uttered as Alan shifted himself on to her legs, and began massaging her lower back. She knew that he could tease her almost to the point where it was going to hurt. To make it worse, she was leaking in anticipation of it.

"Well, well. It looks like the predator has now truly become the prey." Alan said triumphantly.

"Oh, you bastard. Just you wait, Katie and I will make you answer for this."

"You know, from the way you two are talking, it sounds like you've already admitted defeat, and know that you will not be able to resist throwing yourselves at me." Alan's grin remained wide as he shifted once more, and began working on one of Rachel's legs.

"Don't you start getting cocky up there. We're not done yet, we're just going to make you pay for convincing us to go through such a painful tease." Rachel shot back, her eyes now altered once more.

"It was a big enough tease to go through the massage as a whole, but you went too far by purposefully teasing us. Not only that, I bet you were holding out on us. I think you knew how good you were, and got us to accept the deal with us under the impression that you weren't that good." Katie followed with.

Alan's grin remained wide as he finished one of Rachel's legs, and began working on the second one. "Actually...yeah, I did." Alan responded.

"Oh, you fuck...you set us up. Katie, we're going to have a talk later on how to pay this bastard back." Rachel uttered as Alan finished her leg, and now set himself up for the ultimate tease.

Rachel groaned as she felt his fingers brush dangerously close to her needy pussy. Yet, there was little to no contact the entire time.

At long last, Alan relented, and lifted himself off of Rachel. "Okay. It's time to turn over."

Alan's smile held as both Katie and Rachel obediently turned over, and was now greeted with two pairs of glorious breasts, with their nipples sticking out and hard. Both girls were also flushed with arousal, and their mouths hung slightly open, and both of their eyes shot straight at Alan's hard cock, which pulsed under their combined stare.

Alan then moved, and settled on Katie once again, who continued to stare at his cock with a longing in her eyes as Alan began massaging her face and head first. Katie closed her eyes and purred once again as Alan massaged her, although now that his cock was resting on her stomach, it wasn't that relaxing.

As Alan worked his way down, she felt and saw that Alan's cock was now dribbling a little precum, and she felt the warm thick cream as it began to gather on her stomach. This, combined with Alan brushing his fingers along her breasts without touching them, was starting to drive her wild with desire.

Rachel was also staring at Alan's cock with a longing, and now slightly shivered with anticipation as she imagined a little of his precum pool on to her own stomach as well.

Katie's breathing started to become heavy as Alan massaged her, and to her relief, he didn't shift to massage her legs when he reached her pelvis, and instead moved his hands back up to massage her breasts.

Katie immediately moaned and thrusted her breasts into the hands that were now massaging them, the fingers sending electric signals all the way down to her pussy which continued to ache with need.

Alan worked Katie's breasts carefully, and massaged them more than anything else that he had done to this point, knowing that he was working her up. He manipulated them in every fashion that he thought of, and watched every one of Katie's reactions.

"Mmmm, so good. God, I'm going crazy!" Katie moaned as Alan continued to wonderfully work her breasts in ways they have never been worked before.

At long last, Alan released Katie's breasts, causing her to again groan in frustration. Alan then lifted himself off of her, and moved to settle himself on top of Rachel, leaving Katie frustrated, for she thought that maybe, he was going to touch her aching pussy.

Alan gave Rachel the same treatment he gave Katie, starting with her head. As Katie watched, she fought herself with all of her might to keep her from touching herself. However, she knew it was only a matter of time at this point, and she was sure that there was a nice puddle on the bed in between her legs.

Once again, Alan worked his way around the pair of breasts before him before he began to massage them. Although he himself was aching with desire now, he had a feeling that he was doing better than Katie and Rachel.

When he was done, Alan stunned both girls with what he said next. "Okay. Turn over."

Both girls stared at him, wide eyed.

"What? You thought that I was only going to completely massage both of you once and that was it? Nope, I'm going to keep going until you two can't stand it." Alan said.

Katie and Rachel then turned their gazes to one another, and they silently communicated. They then nodded in agreement. They did not want to give Alan another chance to tease them further.

Before Alan knew it, both girls grabbed him, and brought him down to the bed on his back. Alan was grinning.

"One massage each? That's all you got?" Alan asked as both girls began kissing him.

"Alan, shut up and stop gloating. You know you got us. Now we're going to have our way with you." Rachel replied with a near desperate voice as she reached for Alan's cock and began pumping it. Katie's hand joined Rachel's and both girls began working him.

Now Alan was the one who was moaning, and Rachel, unable to wait any longer, straddled him.

"God, I need to fuck you so badly. I hope you're ready, I'm going to fuck your brains right out of your head." Rachel said quickly as she aimed his cock towards her warm, wet tunnel. In a single thrust, Rachel descended on him, and gave out a loud sigh of relief.

Katie, in turn, moved to straddle Alan's face. "This is what you get for teasing us. Now it's time for you to answer for it." She said as she descended on Alan's face, and he eagerly began eating the pussy that was presented to him.

Rachel showed no mercy, and began pounding Alan's cock with reckless abandon. "Oh GOD YES!!" She cried out as she pounded him.

"Yes, yes, yes! That's it baby! Eat my wet pussy! Eat the fucking shit out of my aching pussy, God I need it so bad! FUUUCK!! I-I-AAAAHHHHH!!!!" Katie screamed as her sudden orgasm overtook her. She shook in pleasure on top of Alan, and drenched his face with her juices.

"FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, AAAHHH SHHHIIITTT!!!!" Rachel wasn't far behind Katie, and she shook wildly on top of Alan's cock, and he felt it as Rachel's pussy gripped him tightly several times as the waves of pleasure crashed through her.

Katie sighed as she rolled off of Alan. Rachel, however, wasn't done, and after a few short moments, began riding Alan again.

"Oh, no. You're not done. You're not done until you give me all of your cum. That's the only way I'm getting off of you." Rachel said as she saw Alan staring at her, slightly surprised.

"S-sorry. I really can't join you, I'm kind of pooped out." Katie breathed out.

Rachel smiled at Katie. "It's alright. As a vampire, I naturally have more endurance, so don't feel obligated to try and keep up."

Rachel then turned to Alan, and her smile turned into a more evil grin. "You, however, you aren't getting any rest until I get what I want, you evil tease."

"Oh yeah, fuck him good. Show him what happens when he teases us as badly as he did." Katie cheered Rachel on as her pace quickly picked up.

Rachel, amazingly, kept her high pace the entire time, and Alan thought for sure that she really could fuck his brains right out of his ears if she tried. Even more surprisingly was that she remained silent as she fucked him.

Both Rachel and Alan were now panting heavily, and both were sweating. Yet, as promised, she did not relent. Alan then began to feel the pressure building within him.

"R-Rachel..." He panted out.

"I'm right with you! Do it! Fill my pussy with all of the warm cum you can!" Rachel replied.

The words, along with her frantic fucking, sent Alan over the edge, and he let out a long moan as he felt his cock empty load after load into Rachel's hungry depths.

The feel of the warm jets of cum flowing into her triggered her own release, and Rachel cried out in pleasure as her pussy once again clamped down on Alan's cock. Her pussy milked Alan's cock for all it was worth.

Alan sighed as he relaxed, and this time, Rachel collapsed on top of him.

"Mmm...so good." Rachel breathed out. "I love the feeling of your cum swishing around inside of me."

Katie joined them at this point. "I can't wait until I get to feel Alan's cum inside of me."

"I can't wait either. Actually, would you like some creampie dessert?" Rachel offered.

"Oh, absolutely." Katie replied enthusiastically as Rachel disengaged herself from Alan, and invitingly opened her legs for Katie.

Katie crawled in between Rachel's legs, and began to lap up the mixed juices presented to her.

"Mmmm, I think the both of you together is one of the best things I've ever tasted." Katie said when she finished cleaning Rachel up.

At last, since all three of them were now exhausted, sleep came easily for them.

*****

"You fool!" Lord Issac began as soon as the nine Lords were gathered for their new video conference. "It's bad enough that the killings of the ten cops had drawn an enormous amount of attention, now you go and pull this!? True, the public is blaming the human Alan Brooks for all of this at the moment, but there are plenty of rumors and suspicions that are circling these events."

It was true. The current prime suspect of both the shoot out and the deaths of the individuals found in the Jacobs' home was Alan Brooks. The popular belief so far was that he was a war veteran gone made, since he was a former Marine. At the very least, even if he wasn't directly involved, it was believed that he had some hand in it all.

"I've already gone over this with the humans, there is no evidence that can be traced to the supernatural concerning the murders in the Jacobs' home. Not only that, even if he comes forward and tries to expose the truth, who will believe him? Sure, he has the little bitch, but once they come forward, they will be surrendered to us without question, and then we can silence them once and for all." Lord Caleb responded, expecting this kind of reaction, especially from the ever idealistic Lord Issac.

"I doubt it will be that simple, the girl could expose her own powers in ways that could never be covered up. You've turned the situation into your own personal vendetta, and your judgment may now have compromised us all." Lady Helen said.

Lord Constantine merely watched the conversations with a smile. The war he desired may actually come faster than he thought.

"You're forgetting that anyone who is associated with the human at this point will not be trusted. Besides, with four Lords and many of our Greaters now in America searching for them, how could they possibly show themselves for long without being noticed?" Lord Caleb calmly responded.

Lord Constantine's smile faded. 'Now he's using our presence to his advantage.'

"Perhaps that number should change, since the recent events have reached an international scale. This scandal should not be allowed to continue any further." Lady Helen calmly responded back with a small smile.

"Let's not get out of hand. The nine of us should not be required to handle this situation." Lord Issac suggested, not liking where this might be going.

"I'm in agreement with Lady Helen. At this point, Lord Caleb has caused the situation to grow beyond that of the renegades. Such a blatant act has caused the humans to begin reacting negatively to us. Even I have received calls asking if I am involved with the current situation, and I do not appreciate such accusations." Lady Francine responded.

Now this wasn't what Lord Caleb had expected. All nine Lords, gathered in the same country at the same time? That was a very rare sight. But, it also could be seen as an opportunity, though he would have to tread very carefully on that.

"If that is the case, then I too will go to America to ensure things do not get out of hand." Lord Issac followed with.

One by one, all of the Lords agreed to come to America, each of them with their own intentions, though these were not spoken out loud. It was almost exactly as Lord Constantine had expected, although much sooner than he thought. Everyone had an excuse, and now everyone wanted to make a move. At this point, most likely everyone knew or at least expected devious intentions. Now he had to count on the renegades to continue to hide and not reveal themselves.

If they live long enough, the war just might get started.

*****

Rachel felt good as she woke up. She slowly rose to discover that she was the first one up between the three of them. Alan was still asleep next to her, while Katie was on the other side of Alan, also asleep.

Rachel's smile of satisfaction that she had been wearing since she first woke up quickly turned into a devious smile, and her eyes changed as she decided to play.
