 I know I've been getting a little beat up over the whole 'strap on' situation, but, as I've mentioned in my comment to Ch. 14, there are reasons why I did this. The primary reason being is to show just what Alan is willing to sacrifice for his lover, even if it means bending his own rules a little and try something outside the normal for her.

However, since quite a few have voiced that they want to skip the entire sequence, which will only be in this chapter, I've decided to compromise and make a note of when readers can skip, which will be signified with the following,

(((Skip))) (((Resume)))

This will also be the last time that this kind of thing will happen, but not because of the requests against it, but because I had already planned on it, to signify the change in the relationships as the story progresses.

I'm sorry about the strong negative reactions to this idea, but I won't apologize for writing it. Relationships require sacrifice for them to work, both in and out of the bedroom. Yes, this particular idea is a bit on the extreme, but that's exactly why I went for it.

In any case, enjoy, and breathe easier knowing that this will be the last time that Alan's ass will be a major factor in the story. 

*****

Lady Pandora hung up the phone, annoyed. Her own people haven't picked up any sort of trail to follow, and the only real place to start was the motel incident in Montana. The renegades were most likely long gone from that location.

There was, however, one piece of unexpected but pleasant news. Her sources informed her that Lord Constantine himself was now in America as well. She would have to contact him at some point while he and his best Greaters were here in America.

She knew that he disliked Lord Caleb completely, though probably not as much as herself, and might be up for an attempt to cast him out of power completely. Lady Pandora smiled to herself. It was interesting that Lord Caleb still held power, even though he was so unpopular among a few of the other Lords.

The only reason why he hadn't been kicked out of power was because of the rest of the Lords who respected the balance and stability. Lord Issac, Lord Richter, and possibly Lord Hector would immediately jump into action to prevent instability should one of the Lords act against Lord Caleb without good reason, though Lord Hector would only do so to protect his own interests. Lord Christian would also most likely jump in on the side of Lord Caleb to protect his own holdings in case an underground war spread into his territory.

No one wanted to risk a heavily divided and full out war against one another for the sake of getting rid of Caleb, so the balance was maintained, despite the animosity. However, it may be possible to oust him with a quick coup if Lord Constantine was willing to cooperate, although they would probably need help.

That was all for later, right now, Lady Pandora had more pressing matters on her mind.

Jessica had been patiently waiting for Lady Pandora to finish her phone conference, and was currently sitting down in a very comfortable chair while she read.

They were currently in a large motel suite. Nothing too extravagant, but certainly a very comfortable stay. Especially the large and soft bed that Lady Pandora had been sitting on as she was talking on the phone.

"Oh, Jessica." Lady Pandora seductively sang out, her eyes changing.

Jessica raised her eyes to see the beautiful Lord beckoning her with a single finger, along with a very alluring 'come hither' look that would melt any normal person.

Jessica smiled, quickly marking and closing the book that she was reading, and obeyed Lady Pandora's call. She sat in the bed in front of Lady Pandora, her eyes changing as she felt Lady Pandora's hands travel to either side of her cheeks.

"I think it's time we really finish what we started on the plane." She whispered, and pulled Jessica to her for a deep and long kiss.

The kisses were full of desire, for both of them had been anticipating this ever since Lady Pandora declared it at the airport earlier.

Jessica hummed into her Lady's mouth, and as usual, melted at the touch of her lips. At the same time, they lit a fire deep within her, and Jessica's passions and desires began to rise.

Lady Pandora played the aggressor, and her hands went straight to Jessica's breasts and began squeezing them, causing Jessica to moan into her mouth. Jessica's nipples hardened under her Lady's touch, which Lady Pandora easily found. Lady Pandora pinched and rolled the hard nipples, causing Jessica to moan into her mouth more loudly and kiss her more desparately.

Jessica reached up with her hands to hold Lady Pandora at her sides as they kissed, but Lady Pandora slapped her hands away, denying them. This told Jessica that this would play out exactly as Lady Pandora declared, and that Jessica was going to be ravished.

This thought caused Jessica to shiver in anticipation as she felt the heat and wetness build rapidly between her legs.

Lady Pandora broke this kiss, and in one swift move, lifted Jessica, and tossed her completely on the bed, with Jessica giving a light squeal as Lady Pandora did so. Lady Pandora then jumped on Jessica, and pinned both of Jessica's arms at the wrists. Jessica beamed at her Lady, her eyes full of desire, and Lady Pandora descended for another series of kisses.

As they were kissing, Lady Pandora's right hand traveled away from Jessica's wrist, and began a new journey south. Lady Pandora very slowly snaked her hand down, and reached the top of Jessica's pants.

Jessica felt the hand wiggle itself underneath both her shorts and panties, and traveled along Jessica's shaved and smooth skin as they tantalizingly got closer to their objective. Jessica fought her urge to move her hands and body in response to Lady Pandora's touches and kisses to satisfy her Lady's desire.

Finally, the hand reached it's objective, and both women moaned as Lady Pandora ran her hand along the warm and wet mound. Lady Pandora broke the kiss as one of her fingers slid their way inside of Jessica.

"Mmm, and how long has this poor pussy of yours been waiting for this?" Lady Pandora whispered.

"Always. It's always ready for you to use as you please, my Lady." Jessica breathlessly responded. Jessica moaned and arched her back a little as she felt a second finger enter her.

"Good answer." Lady Pandora responded. "And I intend to use it as I please. I fully intend, actually, to abuse this needy pussy that didn't get anything on the plane. I hope you're ready, because I'm going to make this pussy of yours cum and cum until it can't take anymore. And there is nothing that you are going to do about it." Lady Pandora informed Jessica with an evil smile, inserting another finger, and was now stroking Jessica's G-spot.

"A-as you wish, my Lady." Jessica heaved, tensing with pleasure from the fingers that were stroking her. "Abuse it all you want. My pussy belongs to you, my Lady."

Lady Pandora lowered herself to lick Jessica's neck, sending more shivers through Jessica. "Such a good girl you are." Lady Pandora breathed into Jessica's ear.

Lady Pandora then sat up, withdrawing her fingers. "Now...take off your clothes, slowly. I want you to strip to just your bra and panties and look nice and vulnerable for me." Lady Pandora instructed, licking her lips. Lady Pandora was on fire, and eagerly awaited for Jessica as she sat up. However, Lady Pandora was also very good at controlling her desires, and her breathing hadn't picked up...yet.

Jessica was breathing quickly when she sat up, and fought her desire to throw everything off in one swift movement as she reached down for her shirt. Very slowly, as Lady Pandora instructed her to do, she lifted her shirt, exposing her tan, and smooth abdomen first.

Jessica watched as Lady Pandora's eyes devoured her, as they did almost every time, which sent sparks up and down her spine. She then felt her shirt began to rise to where her bra covered mounds were, and again fought the instinct to speed up.

Lady Pandora's eyes rose as Jessica's shirt did, and she smiled in anticipation of the bra covered breasts that were about to be revealed. Lady Pandora licked her lips again as Jessica's shirt revealed her twin mounds, the bra doing a very good job of pushing her breasts together to create a very generous cleavage of flesh.

Lady Pandora fixed her gaze on the cleavage on display for her as Jessica finished taking the shirt off completely, tossing it to the side. Lady Pandora then met Jessica's eyes, essentially ordering her without words to remove her shorts.

Jessica's hands traveled to the sides of her shorts, hooking them with her thumbs, and slowly peeled them off as well. The shorts slowly traveled down Jessica's killer legs, until finally they slid off her feet and were tossed aside. Jessica then spread her legs, offering her panty covered pussy for Lady Pandora, along with the very damp spot that could clearly be seen.

"Now turn around and present me that tight ass of yours." Lady Pandora commanded, and Jessica, without a word, spun around, got on all fours, and lifted her ass as high as she could, the material wedging itself into her crack, fully exposing her cheeks. Jessica then turned her head to watch Lady Pandora.

"Mmm, such a nice ass you have. I'm almost jealous, but I know I have a fine ass as well." Lady Pandora commented as she crawled over to the ass presented to her, and knelt before it.

"And besides, this ass belongs to me anyway." Lady Pandora said. "Go ahead, shake this fine ass for me, and spread your legs further apart."

Jessica did as instructed, and she was rewarded when Lady Pandora bent down and slowly licked one of the cheeks, and gripped the other one with a hand, sending a chill that shot directly to her agonizing pussy.

"Now then, to get to the real good part." Lady Pandora purred, and reached for the panties, and peeled them off, revealing the very red and puffy lips underneath.

Lady Pandora once again ran a hand over the wet mound that was now being presented to her, and Jessica let out a sigh. The hand was quickly followed by fingers that slid themselves into the hot and wet depths, and began their expert motions.

Lady Pandora knew all of Jessica's secrets and buttons, and began to push them all as she worked the eager pussy that was sucking on her fingers. Jessica's moans of pleasure quickly turned into cries, and her voice continued to get louder and louder.

Jessica couldn't help herself, and began humping the beautiful fingers that were inside her and giving her such pleasure. Lady Pandora allowed this.

"Impatient, are we? That's fine, but you'd better drench my fingers with your girl cum." Lady Pandora said as Jessica continued to cry out.

Jessica didn't last long, and Lady Pandora watched as Jessica tense up, shake, and scream as the tsunami of pleasure was unleashed. Lady Pandora felt Jessica's pussy clamp on her fingers with each pulse of pleasure, and her hand was quickly bathed with Jessica's cum. Lady Pandora allowed Jessica to come down from her pleasure, and Jessica sighed as she relaxed.

Lady Pandora slowly withdrew her fingers lapped up the cum they were covered in.

"Don't relax just yet, we have a ways to go. I've only just gotten started, and that was merely a warm up. On your back." Lady Pandora instructed.

"Yes...my Lady." Jessica breathlessly responded, and rolled over, falling onto her back. Her bra covered breasts moved up and down as Jessica continued to catch her breath.

"You can take off your bra now, I want those globes of yours on display for me to devour."

Jessica silently did so, unclasping her bra and peeled it off. Her breasts spilled free from their confinement, and her nipples protruded proudly.

Just as Lady Pandora was about to move, however, she heard her phone ring. Lady Pandora's eyes turned to the phone with lightning speed and clear hostility in her eyes. She had told everyone that she was not to be interrupted for some time. She thought about just ignoring it, but decided not to, instead wanting to know who was the son of a bitch that dared to breach her privacy.

She moved to pick up the phone. "This had better be real fucking good, Joe." Lady Pandora said threateningly into the phone when she answered it.

"My Lady, my sincerest apologies, but you must turn on the news. Something important has happened."

"What?" She asked irritably. 

"It concern the renegades."

Lady Pandora growled, but turned to the remote and turned on the TV, changing it to one of the news stations.

She forgot her anger and frustration as she saw what the hype was about. "This must be Lord Caleb's doing. Perhaps my stay in America won't be so long after all, if the renegades take the bait. This is good news for you as well Joe, it means I won't be taking your head for this." Lady Pandora said as she hung up the phone.

"Fucking Caleb, recklessly pulling this shit. I sense another video conference with the other Lords soon concerning this. Worse part is, he'll probably get away with it, especially if he catches the renegades. The others won't risk anything for the sake of a handful of dead humans. I won't, even if I don't like these kind of tactics." If there was one thing that Lord Caleb was good at, it was shitty moves like this that were detrimental to his opposition.

Lady Pandora then turned the TV off, and turned back to Jessica. "Now, where were we?" It was going to get busy later, might as well have some fun before that happens.

*****

"Repeating our top story today, the bodies of Trish Jacobs, Bob Jacobs, Dave Anderson, and Ashley Davies were found brutally murdered in the home of Bob and Trish Jacobs earlier this afternoon. Police came across the scene following a routine check that was called in by a concerned friend, one Amy Robinson. This was her earlier this afternoon."

"I...I just...why! Who would do something like that!? What cruel bastard would do such a thing!?" Amy was screaming and in tears. She was also being escorted by police officers as several reporters attempted to question her.

"Mrs. Robinson, could you describe the scene to us?"

"Mrs. Robinson, could you tell us your relationship with the victims?"

"I am afraid Mrs. Robinson is in no condition to answer any questions at this time." One of the officers said, attempting to push through the reporters. The scene then shifted back to the main desk.

"Attempts were made to contact the families of David Anderson and Ashley Davies, but all attempts were declined. The scene of the murder was described as one of the worst murder scenes in recent history. According to reports, the bodies had been cut open, and the organs removed and strung up around the house. A report also indicates that the victims may have been alive as they were brutally carved open."

"In a related topic, the son of Trish Jacobs, Alan Brooks..." A picture of Alan showed up on the corner of the screen. "...was reported missing around two weeks ago, and is believed to be involved in a shoot out that occurred in Montana just a few days ago were several police officers were killed."

Lord Constantine sighed. "It's an almost brilliant set up. Lord Caleb is leading the humans to put two and two together, and by default link the renegades to the murders. Now the whole country will be outraged and after them, even more than before. Even worse, Lord Caleb is baiting them to come after him in revenge, since they will know the actual truth." Lord Constantine surmised.

He was currently sitting with both Benjamin and Liz, and were in the middle of discussing future plans when Benjamin was called to watch the news.

"This isn't good. If they do take the bait, we won't have a real reason to stick around in this country, what shall we do my Lord?" Liz asked.

Lord Constantine sighed. "The other Lords may speak out against this, but, it won't be enough for them to go to war. The only way that will happen is if Lord Caleb completely blew it and risked exposing us, but I doubt that. At this stage, there is nothing we can do. We'll just have to wait and see what happens."

"You won't attempt to contact the renegades?" Benjamin asked.

Lord Constantine shook his head. "No. There's no point, I'll just allow the situation to develop on it's own."

Lord Constantine then smiled. "If we're really lucky, the renegades may stir up a lot of trouble if they decide to retaliate."

*****

Both Katie and Alan's eyes widened as Rachel gripped Alan's shirt at the collar, and effortlessly lifted him into the air with a single hand. Her other hand immediately latched itself on to Alan's cock, which was hard from all the sex plans that they had just made.

Alan's hands instinctively went to Rachel's hand that gripped his shirt, and he gasped when she ran her hand on his cock. Rachel then pulled Alan face to face with her. "Mmm, my toy is all nice and ready for me, good." She said, tossing Alan on the bed, followed by her pouncing on him.

Katie had been forced to duck out of the way lest she get caught up in the action, and she stared at Rachel in shock. Rachel could be really intimidating if she wanted to be.

Alan himself was in shock as well, having never really seen this side of Rachel before either. Alan suddenly found himself fearing her a little, for he was currently pinned down by her powerful thighs that were on either side of him, along with her hands. Rachel's expression, however, turned to one of normal concern and curiosity.

"Before we go on, there's something I have to ask..." Rachel said, breaking the moment.

"Uhh...what?" Alan asked, relieved that she reminded him of her normal self.

"Well...how extreme should this be?" Rachel asked.

"That's all up to you, so long as you don't kill me or something. This is your fantasy at the moment." Alan responded.

"No, no, I wouldn't dare hurt you. That's not it, but...I am going to want this to go kind of far, kind of like to the point where I'm raping you. But I don't want to do it to the point where you're uncomfortable, like I just saw. You looked like you were really scared there, no offense."

"Sorry, I kind of was, I didn't expect what had happened, and it's easy to forget just how strong you are."

"That's what I mean. I want this to be more playful. I kind of want you to both fear me and fight me, but in playful way, does that make sense? Oh...this isn't going to work. I'm not really sure what I want." Rachel said, shaking her head, and Alan noticed that her eyes were changing back to normal.

Alan made a quick decision as he felt Rachel beginning to lift herself up off of him. Alan quickly sat up and lunged at Rachel, causing her to squeal as he rolled her over and pinned her down the same way she did to him.

Alan looked at her with a triumphant smile. "So...who's the prey now?" He asked in a challenging manner, and Rachel glowed as her eyes changed to their aroused state. Katie was giggling in the background at this point, and was also thankful the bed was so large, otherwise, they may have ended up on the floor.

"Oh really? Calling me the prey now, are we? We'll see about that!" Rachel declared.

Rachel easily broke out of Alan's grip, and rolled the two of them back over so that Rachel was on top once again. Alan attempted to struggle to throw her off, but he may as well have been trying to lift a car.

Rachel was now the one wearing the triumphant smile, and leaned in close. "Put you in your place, didn't I?"

Alan decided to surprise her. He lifted his head and crashed his lips into hers, causing her to gasp lightly. Alan felt her release her grip, and he broke free. He rolled off to the side of the bed completely, stood and smiled as he stared at Rachel.

"You haven't caught me yet." Alan said to her.
