 At last, I have finished the final chapter. Now that means I can release these next few chapters ahead of the normal schedule.

Enjoy, and I'm also curious on how this chapter in particular is received. 

*****

Rachel and Katie emerged in the main lobby, all nice and clean, to find no one there.

"Hm, I wonder if we beat them this time?" Katie asked.

Rachel shrugged. "Who knows? I'm going to step outside, care to join me?"

"Sure, it's a nice day outside, and I haven't been able to enjoy the sun in a while." Katie responded.

Both girls stepped outside, to find Alan outside randomly swinging his sword, and Liz observing him.

"Never mind, you guys did finish first." Katie remarked, catching both Alan and Liz's attention.

"What are you guys doing?" Rachel asked.

Liz turned her eyes back to Alan as Alan spoke. "Nothing else to do really. I'm just practicing some stances and movements, and Liz decided to observe."

Liz huffed. "He's lucky that's all I'm doing. I would have kicked his ass twice over already for his sloppy work."

Katie let out a somewhat awkward laugh, while Rachel brushed off the comment.

"So, did you have a good time?" Rachel asked.

Alan stopped, and went into brief thought, causing both Katie and Rachel to stare at him curiously.

"I'm outta here." Liz said suddenly, standing. "Again, I told him not to say too much, and I don't want to be caught up in the middle of your sex conversations." Liz finished as she turned and walked inside.

Katie's eyes followed Liz. "What is her deal?" Katie wondered.

"She's..." Alan began, but stopped himself. Rachel held a little suspicion in her eyes as Katie turned to Alan.

"Did something...significant happen?" Rachel asked.

"...you could say that." Alan answered. "B-but, it's not that big of a deal. I mean, things went a little differently this time and..."

"Relax. I'm not going to blow you up. I'm just puzzled about how she keeps making you keep her secrets. I was under the impression that she's the type who doesn't really have any secrets." Rachel said upon seeing the panic on Alan's face.

"Well, I don't know if I like it. I mean, just what is going on? I think as the people closest to him, we have a right to know what's going on. Especially if it concerns him." Katie said to Rachel.

Rachel turned to Katie. "Katie, you know Alan isn't going to intentionally hurt us, right? Let's be honest, the fact that he's keeping her secrets safe even from us is a good thing. He's true to his word, and we should respect that."

Katie pouted, but accepted it. "Doesn't mean I have to like it."

Rachel turned back to Alan, then an idea suddenly clicked in her mind. "Well, I'm going to leave the two of you alone."

"Huh?" This came from Alan as Rachel turned to Katie, and gave her a wink before turning back to Alan.

"Katie asked for some alone time with you, so I'll go ahead and get out of your way." Rachel said as she turned and went inside.

Alan and Katie stared at each other for a few moments, with Katie looking unsure of herself.

"Well, what's up?" Alan asked, curious and concerned.

"Umm...how about we find a room first?" Katie suggested.

"Ah. Now that I think about it, we've never had a time just for us have we?"

"It's not that...I actually...want to talk to you about something. Something important." Katie said as she turned and went inside, followed by Alan.

Katie led the way to one of the rooms, and Katie shut the door behind Alan.

"What's wrong?" Alan asked.

"Let's...sit down first." Katie suggested, as she moved and sat on the bed in the room. Alan sat next to her.

Alan watched as Katie stared at the floor for several moments.

"What is it? Whatever it is really seems to be bothering you right now." Alan said.

"Well...I'm just...not sure how to begin. Alan...what do you plan to do?"

Alan raised an eyebrow as Katie turned to him.

"Do you...still intend on getting revenge on Caleb?" Katie asked.

Now Alan was the one who turned away. "He killed my family, Katie. I refuse to let him get away with that without doing something about it." Alan answered, his voice going a bit cold.

"I see." Katie said, now turning away from Alan.

"I just, I'm worried about you. And so is Rachel, we both are worried about you."

"Why?"

"I think you know."

The answer caused Alan to turn to Katie, who continued.

"I'm not blind. I saw you, when you fought that Lord. You were...terrifying. Honestly, and truly terrifying. I was...afraid of you."

"But-"

"Let me finish, please?" Katie cut Alan off, and took a deep breath before she spoke again.

"To be honest, and I know I can't really ask this of you. But, I'd like you to stop this quest for vengeance. I'm not saying that you shouldn't fight. Even I realize that you and Rachel both will have to fight more for us to be able to live in peace. I can accept that. But, what I can't really accept is for you to carry so much hate. If you're forced to kill, I'd rather you do so keeping us in mind, rather than your own anger."

"That's not-"

"Don't lie to me, Alan. I saw it on your face as clear as day after your fight with the Lord ended, and we all gathered around Rachel. Tell me, what truly was going through your mind as you fought that Lord huh? Tell me." Katie demanded, facing Alan. 

Alan remained silent, giving Katie her answer. Katie turned away from him again.

"That's what I mean. Think about the promises you broke to us when you asked to be turned. That hurt, Alan, when you told me that you didn't want to father my child anymore like you promised. It hurt when you choose your hate over starting a family with me and Rachel."

"I just-"

"I know what he did hurt as well. That's why I didn't lash out or fight you when you made your decision. That's why I'm not going to try and force you to stop. If I was in your shoes, I probably would want to do something about what happened as well, like you did."

Katie then turned to Alan. "But, what I will ask of you is that you don't forget about Rachel and myself. I'm asking you to remember the two people in the world who care about you and don't want to see you go down an ugly path, one that Rachel is all to familiar with. You haven't forgotten about how she got here, have you? What she went through?"'

"Of course I haven't!" Alan suddenly lashed out, surprising Katie. "I can't believe this! You're acting as though I'm just completely brushing you two aside. Don't you understand that you and Rachel are the only people left in the world that I care about!?"

"Really? Where was all of that concern of yours when Rachel was struck down!? Where was that concern when Rachel and I begged you to reconsider being turned into a vampire!? Where the fuck was you care and concern then!?" Katie shouted back.

"I'm doing what I have to so we can live! If I had tried to rush to Rachel's side after she was struck down, Lord Hector would have come after me in my moment of weakness! If I hadn't been turned, then we wouldn't have escaped Lord Hector! Are you that fucking blind that you don't see these things are necessary!? Our lives are at stake, and I can't afford to be kind about it!"

"Fine! Maybe you're right about those incidents, but I'm not wrong either! Did you really have us in mind when you made those decisions!? Were you really thinking about us when you asked to be turned!? Were you really thinking about how Lord Hector could ambush you in your 'moment of weakness' as you put it!? Stop dodging and tell me the fucking truth!"

Alan again said nothing.

"You see! You can't even answer my question because you know I'm right! Fine, the actions you took may have been necessary for our survival. But, at the same time, that's not what you were thinking about. You instead were thinking about how best to quell your own anger! Tell me! Just what was going through your mind Alan!? I want to hear it from you!"

"Fine! You're right! That's exactly what I was thinking! Happy now!?"

Both Katie and Alan were mere inches from one another, each of them staring each other down, anger in their eyes.

Katie softened up first. "Look, I'm not saying these things to upset you. I'm just worried about you. I don't want your hate to become the most important thing to you, even more important than Rachel and I."

"How can you say that!? You and Rachel are-"

"You just said it yourself, didn't you? You forgot about us, and only remembered your anger."

"I was in the middle of a fight for my life! I just found out that my family was killed! How did you think I was going to react!?"

"I know that! I'm not asking you to cast aside your hate and emotions permanently. What I am asking is that you take the time to think about us! For example, will going out and killing Lord Caleb really solve our problems? Or is that just to quell your hate?"

Alan again said nothing, and the room went silent for several moments. Finally, Alan spoke up.

"Fine. The first thought that came to mind is to pay that bastard back for what he did. At the same time though, if Lord Constantine intends for me to become a Lord in Caleb's place, that will help ensure our safety."

Katie slowly wrapped her arms around Alan. "That's an answer I can accept. If that's your true goal, then I can accept whatever it is that you do. That's all I'm asking for, for you to keep Rachel and I in your thoughts, okay?"

Alan held Katie in turn. "I-I'm sorry."

"Don't be. We, we all make mistakes. We do things we shouldn't for the wrong reasons. We also needed this argument. We really haven't made such big decisions between the three of us recently, have we? You, Rachel, and even myself keep trying to shoulder our burdens alone for the sake of us as a whole. But, that's also hurting us, just as this issue was hurting us." Katie finished.

Katie held Alan tightly, glad that deep down, he still cared. He hadn't forgotten about them yet. Though she didn't turn him away from his anger completely, she could at least breathe a little easier know that she helped point him in the right direction. One small step at a time, she told herself.

"You know, you were right about what you said earlier, though." Katie broke the silence that had settled.

"What?"

Katie raised her head to meet Alan's eyes. "We've never been alone...with just the two of us."

With that, Katie closed the distance, and tenderly kissed Alan's lips.

"Just don't change." Katie whispered in between kisses. "No matter what happens, always remain the Alan Brooks that both Rachel and I fell in love with."

"I-" Alan tried to speak, but Katie silenced him with a finger to his lips.

"Just keep loving us. As long as you do that, I believe that you'll make the right decisions. And don't forget, Rachel and I are here for you, just as you are here for us." Katie finished, brushing her lips with Alan's.

Katie and Alan held each other tightly as they kissed, both of them drowning in the rising passion. This was, after all, their first time alone, and they were both equally determined to make the most of it.

As they kissed, Katie's hands grabbed Alan's own hands and guided them to her breasts, leaving them to their own devices as her hands then traveled to Alan's crotched to rub the growing hardness that was there.

Katie also began more actively pressing her body against Alan's. Not with urgency, but with intimacy.

Alan then began to take charge, broke the kisses, and lightly pushed Katie down on the bed as Katie beamed.

Alan snake his hands underneath Katie's shirt as he slowly fell on top of her, and reached her bare mounds under her bra with his hands as their lips met once again. Katie's hands, in turn, wrapped around Alan's back, pulling him closer to her.

Alan broke away from Katie's lips, his hands still fondling her breasts, as Alan began kissing Katie's face and neck.

Katie purred as he did so, and decided that it was time for the clothing to start going away.

Her hands reached down to pull at Alan's shirt. Alan got the message, and sat up. Katie did so as well, and Alan raised his hands so that Katie could pull of his shirt. She tossed it aside, smiling as she did so.

Katie's hands then began clawing lightly at Alan's skin, causing Alan to wiggle slightly at the tickling sensation. Alan didn't give Katie a long time to continue before he reached down for her shirt, and now it was Katie who raised her hands as Alan pulled Katie's shirt off.

Alan then surprised Katie, who began to run his hands down her sides rather than reach to remove the bra that was still present. Alan surprised her further when he suddenly leaned forward and planted his face directly into the generous cleavage that was present, and began licking her in between her mounds.

"Ooo, we're in quite the mood, aren't we?" Katie cooed as her hands held the back of Alan's head.

Alan broke away from the soft flesh. "Sorry, they just looked so good that I had to bury myself in them for a moment." Alan replied.

Katie giggled. "That's fine by me. However, what they really need is a good sucking right now, if you don't mind."

Alan reached behind Katie for the clasp to her bra. "I guess I can live with that." He said as he unhooked the bra, allowing Katie's breasts the freedom they wanted.

Alan didn't waste any time, and dived right back in, going for one of the hard nipples that were poking out, and began sucking on it.

"Ooo, now that's better." Katie whispered, slightly short of breath.

Alan worked Katie's breasts like he had Liz, to see if he could get Katie to have a mini orgasm like Liz did. Despite his best efforts, and Katie's moans and purrs of approval, it didn't seem like he was getting anywhere.

Katie noticed the extra attention Alan was giving her. "Alan, dear, just what are you doing?" Katie panted slightly.

Alan reluctantly broke away from the soft flesh. "Well...I was able to make Liz cum through her breasts, I was curious if I could do the same to you."

Katie smiled at Alan. "That's sweet that you thought of that. I'm sorry to say though, I don't think that works for me. But, on the bright side, you are driving me nuts over here. And I've got something else you can work on too." Katie offered, running a hand on her crotch.

"This baby right here is begging for that same tongue that you've been spoiling my boobs with. Would you like to work on this instead?" Katie asked in a seductive whisper.

Alan reached down to Katie's pants. "Delighted." He said, and began pulling Katie's pants off. As he did, he saw the clearly damp spot on Katie's panties, confirming what Katie had said.

"See? Look how wet you've made me. All that work you did has my poor pussy begging to be touched and licked." Katie whispered, a touch of a cute whining in her voice.

"Well, we can't have that, can we? I'd better not keep it waiting any longer." Alan responded as he pulled Katie's panties off, revealing an angry, red, and glistening pussy.

Sensing that Katie no longer needed any warm ups, Alan dived right in, and gave the red pussy a full lick.

"Yesss!" Katie hissed as Alan's tongue made contact. "God that feels good!" Katie cried out in pleasure as she fell back on the bed.

"Yes, yes! Eat that pussy. God, I need you to eat the fucking shit out of me!" Katie begged, causing Alan to attack Katie's protruding clit.

"Fuck yeah! Right for my clitty! That's it! You want me to cum? Then do it! Make me cum! Make me cum all over your face with that wonderful tongue of yours!" Katie cried out in wake of her building pleasure.

Alan decided to raise the stakes, and Katie gasped as she felt a finger pressing at her lips.

"Yes! Fuck me with your fingers! Do it! Jam them inside me! Hurry!"

Alan did so, managing to get two fingers inside of Katie. Once they were in, he began pumping them.

"Wait! Wait! Not there, not like that!" Katie shouted, causing Alan to stop completely and look up to Katie.

She was panting, flushed, and sweating. "That's right, you've never really fingered us have you? Here, curl your fingers upward and rub the roof of my pussy. And for God's sake, don't fucking stop!" The words emerged from Katie rapidly.

Alan obeyed and returned to work, and did as Katie instructed.

"A little farther in. No, no, a little farther out, now a little to the left and, YES! RIGHT THERE, STROKE RIGHT THERE!" Katie growled as Alan's fingers hit the correct spot.

Katie's legs could no longer remain still, and she twisted and bended between both the sensations Alan was giving her clit as well as his fingers stroking just the right spot inside of her.

"YES! RIGHT FUCKING THERE!YESYESAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHSWEEEEETTTTJJEEESSSUUUSSSS!!!!!"

The words came out of Katie all at once as she lost complete control of herself, and mind numbing pleasure blew throughout her being.

Alan never stopped his licking, though his fingers did stop moving because Katie's pussy was gripping them so hard that he couldn't move them. He almost thought that maybe she was going to snap them right off.

As Katie came down, Alan slowed down as well, riding her out for as long as he could until he finally stopped, and he slowly withdrew to observe his handiwork.

Katie collapsed completely, heaving. After a few moments of recovering, she sat up, and suddenly reached for Alan's pants before he could react.

"I need you to fuck me! Right now! Oh God I need it so bad!" Katie said quickly as she nearly ripped Alan's pants off, which fell to his waist, exposing his manhood. Katie reached for it and began tugging at it.

"I need this in me! Please Alan, hurry! Don't make me wait!" Katie begged.

Alan obliged. He kicked his pants off completely, and moved so that he was hovering over Katie, all while Katie held on to his cock, constantly pointing him at her wet entrance.

"Oh God Yes!" Katie cried out triumphantly once Alan's cock began pushing at her pussy, entering her. Alan found both the heat and wetness to be immense, and although a bit puzzled by Katie's sudden need, he just simply went with it.

"Fuck me! Fuck me good!" Katie begged once Alan was all the way in, wrapping her arms around Alan as she held on for dear life.

Alan began thrusting himself in and out of the hot tunnel.

"Oh for God's sake! Fuck me like you mean it! Pound the shit out of me!" Katie begged. Alan picked up his pace in response, unleashing torrents of moans and cries from Katie.

"That's it! Ah, fuck me! Fuck my brains out! Sweet Jesus your cock feels so fucking good!" Katie cried out as she planted quick kisses on Alan's face.

Alan faithfully continued to fuck Katie in the way that she begged, and was starting to become both surprised and impressed that she was taking it. He soon began to wonder if he would tire out before she did, especially when he felt his orgasm approaching.

Katie saw the change in Alan's face, and recognized it. "Yes! Cum for me baby! Pour all of your cum inside my pussy! God, I want it! No, I need it! Please! Cum deep inside me baby!" Katie shouted as one of her hands flew to her clit and began rubbing it furiously.

Spurned on by Katie's words, Alan pounded away at Katie for all he was worth, and it wasn't long before he hit his peak, and let out a long groan.

"Yes! Give it to me, give me all of that cum! I love it!" Katie cried out as she felt Alan's cock shooting it's warm, sticky loads deep inside her.

Spent for the moment, Alan fell forward, holding himself up with his hands. He saw, to his amazement, that Katie was still working herself. Though, based on the expression on her face, she didn't look like she had much longer to go.

Alan was correct, which he saw once Katie's face screwed into one of pure bliss. Katie threw her head back, and twisted in pleasure. Alan also felt Katie's pussy clamp down on his still hard cock several times before Katie went limp, and she let out a deep and long sigh.
