 Rachel led the way to one of the rooms, not wanting Katie to dwell to much on Alan, who was about to go have sex with Liz.

When they entered one of the rooms, Rachel and Katie both found themselves impressed.

"Wow, I can see why they would vacation here, the rooms are very nice." Katie commented.

Rachel turned and closed the door behind Katie, and turned to her.

"Now, now. We didn't come here to admire the room, did we?" Rachel said seductively, causing Katie to turn and giggle.

"No, I guess not." Katie said, as both she and Rachel closed the distance between one another and pulled each other into a deep and long kiss.

"It's too bad we're not in the camp anymore, I wanted to try a few more of those toys with you." Katie murmured in between kisses, and now it was Rachel who giggled.

"Yeah, but it's fine. There's still plenty for us to do." Rachel said, breaking the kiss, and lead Katie by her hand to the bed.

Rachel then turned around, and opened her arms, beckoning Katie with both the gesture and her altered eyes.

Katie answered the call, and once again, their lips meet. As they kissed, Rachel pulled Katie down on the bed with her, with Katie collapsing completely on top of Rachel.

As they kissed, Rachel managed to snake her hands in between the two of them, and squeezed Katie's breasts, causing her to gasp lightly into Rachel's mouth.

In response, Katie sat up, and decided to give Rachel what she wanted. She slowly pulled her shirt off, all while staring at Rachel with a smile. Rachel stared hungrily as Katie revealed her soft and smooth abdomen and her bra covered breasts to Rachel.

However, when Katie moved to unclasp the bra, Rachel reached up and stopped her.

"Let me. I want the honor of uncovering those magnificent globes for you." Rachel said huskily, reaching for the clasp of Katie's bra herself and undoing it.

Katie's breasts fell as the bra was removed, and Rachel could not stop herself shortly after they were uncovered, and raised herself to one of them.

Katie sighed when Rachel's mouth made contact with one of her hard nipples, and she pulled Rachel into her chest.

"Mmm, yes Rachel. Suck on my tits." Katie encouraged. Rachel, in response, began to suck harder. This lasted for quite a while, as Rachel sucked on both of Katie's breasts while Katie purred with joy until finally, Rachel broke away.

"I have something else I want to suck on now." Rachel said seductively, and Katie smiled.

"I was just thinking about that too, actually." Katie responded.

"Now that I think about it...we really haven't eaten each other out, have we?" Rachel asked.

Katie dwelled on that for a moment. "No, we've tasted each other, but we've never really gone all out."

"Well, now is a good a time as any, isn't it?" Rachel smiled, who began to undress.

"Oh yeah." Katie smiled back, getting off of Rachel and began to undress as well.

Katie was finished first, since she only had to remove her pants. When she finished, she watched as Rachel undressed, desire in her eyes. She paid special attention to Rachel's puffy red lips once they were revealed, and Katie licked her lips seductively in response.

When Rachel finished, the two girls met one another's stares.

Rachel smiled as she laid back down, and beckoned Katie with a single finger. Katie followed and once again climbed over Rachel, and descended for another series of kisses. Except this time, she had the added excitement of mashing her breasts into Rachel's, and the two girls sighed at the contact.

For several moments, Katie continued to grind her body into Rachel, sending strong signals through both girls until they couldn't wait any longer. Katie's pussy was now leaking, and was sure that a little of her juices had ended up on Rachel, while Rachel herself was soaked.

When Katie broke the kiss, both girls were flushed, and both were breathing heavy. It took just a handful of seconds of staring into one another's eyes to decided that it was time.

Without a word, Katie turned around, and presented her wet and needy pussy to Rachel, while she descended to Rachel's pussy until it was inches from her mouth. Katie could feel the heat emanating from Rachel, and knew that Rachel was looking forward to this as much as she was.

The two girls attacked each other's pussies almost simultaneously, and a torrent of moans and sighs began. Shortly after, the words began to follow.

"Oh God, yes! Eat that pussy, God! Sooo good!" Katie cried out.

"Mmm, you like that don't you?" Rachel asked.

"Yes! I love it! You're soo good!"

"Then you'll be happy to know that I have barely begun. When I'm through with you, you'll be nothing but a puddle of flesh."

Katie quivered in anticipation.

"You'll see, I'm going to make you cum so much that you'll positively drown me with all of your girl cum. Would you like that? Would you like to cum so much that you'll drown me and not be able to walk?"

"YES!"

"Mmm, good. It's a good thing you have something nice to taste while I do that, don't you?"

"Yes, you taste so good. I can't wait to make your pussy cum and give me all of that tasty cum of yours that you can give me."

"Mmm, I'd like that. You can have all of the cum you want. You're welcome to everything my pussy gives you." Rachel said, returning to licking the wet pussy just above her face as Katie did the same, both girls deciding that the talking was over and it was time to get back to the real fun.

As the licking frenzy continued, both girls moaned and sang into each other's pussies, and it was only a matter of time before the clits got targeted.

It was Katie who got there first, feeling an orgasm slowly approaching and wanted to make sure that Rachel wouldn't be too far behind. This caused Rachel to break away from Katie's pussy.

"Oh yeah! Suck on my clit! Yes, yes, yessss!!" She hissed her pleasure before setting her sights on Katie's clit, and attacked it with a vengence.

Now it became an unspoken contest of who could make who cum first as both girls unleashed all of their skills on one another. Unfortunately for Katie, Rachel was more experienced and more talented, and Katie was the first one to break away, unable to resist the coming wave.

"Oh my God! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum on your face! Right there, right there!" Katie screamed out as she began grinding her pussy on the mouth that gave her so much pleasure. Rachel smiled inwardly at her victory.

"AAAAAHHHH FUUUUCCCKKKK!!!" Katie screamed as she shook on top of Rachel, her pulsing pussy spilling out her girl cum which Rachel eagerly lapped up. Rachel, however, had no plans to let up, and continued to keep Katie high on the pleasure train.

"OHMYGODOHMYGODOHMYGOD! I'm gonna, I'm gonna ah, ah, YESSSSS!!!" Katie hissed as she came on top of Rachel once again.

Two was Katie's limit, and she rolled herself off of Rachel before Rachel could attempt to bring her to a third orgasm, though her hand flew to her pussy so she could bring herself down slowly, riding the last few waves of pleasure that were coursing through her.

After a few moments, at which point Rachel had sat up and was watching Katie with an amused expression, Katie slumped on the bed completely, and was breathing heavy.

"God! That...was good." Katie breathed out, flushed from the pleasure.

Rachel licked her lips, still tasting Katie on them. "Mmm, you were delicious." Rachel breathed out huskily.

Katie giggled. "I'm glad you enjoyed yourself."

Rachel now giggled. "I most certainly did."

Katie turned to Rachel and smiled dreamily. "Now, why don't you bring that fine pussy over here so I can finish what I started."

"Gladly." Rachel said as she sat up completely, and moved to position her pussy on top of Katie's face, this time facing Katie's head.

The two locked eyes for a brief moment, smiled at each other, and Rachel descended her pussy to Katie's mouth, who went straight for the clit, picking up where she left off.

With nothing to occupy Rachel's mouth, she voiced her pleasure as Katie attacked her.

"Fuck yes! Eat that clit! Show that clit no mercy! Yes! Yes! Oh God Yes! Lick it! Suck it! Taste it! Fuck, fuck, fuck! Oooo, God you're going to make me cum!"

As Rachel approached her peak, her hands went to the top of Katie's head for a little leverage as Rachel grinded herself on Katie's mouth.

"That's it! Don't stop! Show that pussy no mercy, even after I cum! OOOOHHHHH GOOOODDD!!!!" The dam broke, and now it was Rachel who was shaking on top of Katie as she came.

Even before Rachel had said it, Katie had intended to reciprocate what Rachel did to her, and she was curious on how much Rachel could take. Even as Rachel drenched Katie's face, Katie did not slow up, despite how much she wanted to enjoy Rachel's cum. She focused her efforts on continuing to suck on Rachel's clit, and it wasn't long before Katie was rewarded.

"Ah, ah, fuck me, fuck me, FFFUUUUUCCCCKKKKK!!!" Rachel screamed as she bucked on top of Katie once again, bathing Katie's face with a brand new flow of juices.

Rachel knew that she had more in herself, and continued to grind her pulsing pussy into Katie's mouth. Katie found herself impressed, and began to wonder who would tire out first.

Katie, however, knew she had an advantage at this point, for Rachel's waves of pleasures were coming in shorter intervals, which became evident as Katie felt Rachel shake above her a third time, shortly after the second series of shakes had ended.

Rachel, running out of power in her voice, along with the intensity of the third orgasm, didn't scream but instead tensed up completely, and drenched Katie's face a third time.

Three turned out to be Rachel's limit, and she tiredly rolled off of Katie. Unlike Katie, Rachel didn't even bother to try and touch herself, for the remaining tremors of the mind numbing orgasm she just had was enough to ride on by itself.

Rachel closed her eyes as she fought to catch her breath, her breasts rising and falling with each breath that Rachel took.

When her breathing began returning to normal, she slowly opened her eyes, and turned over to where Katie was. Katie was smiling, and was patiently watching Rachel.

Rachel tiredly beckoned Katie with a single finger once again, and Katie's smile widened as she crawled on top of Rachel, and descended for a series of loving and slow kisses.

The girls relished the taste of each other as well as themselves, the cum mixing together inside their mouths which they shared with each other.

Rachel broke the kiss first. "Mmm, we taste good together."

Katie giggled. "Yes we do."

"Congratulations, by the way. Only Alan has ever brought me to three orgasms in a row like that. You are now the second."

Katie beamed. "Thank you. And congratulations to you as well, you're the only one aside from Alan who gave me two. I'm sorry I can't take more than that though."

Rachel kissed Katie's lips. "Don't be sorry. I've told you before, didn't I? I naturally have more stamina, and I've been having sex a lot longer than you. There's no shame if you can't take as much as I can, just be glad that we can give you good orgasms to begin with."

Katie's smile, however, faded. Rachel looked at her curiously.

"That reminds me, I wanted to talk to you about Alan."

"Don't worry about him. I highly doubt he'll dump the two of us for Liz." Rachel responded playfully.

"But...that's not what I'm worried about." Katie said somberly as realization dawned on Rachel.

"Oh...I see." The smile on Rachel's face faded as she realized where Katie was going with this.

"I didn't see his face during his fight against that Lord...whoever. I did, however, see him shortly after the fight, and he seemed like a completely different person. I...I'm afraid we're losing him."

Rachel turned away from Katie's eyes, causing Katie to worry even more.

"What can we do? Is there anything we can do? I don't want to lose him to that cold Alan that I saw. I don't want Alan to turn into the heartless monster that didn't even flinch when you got cut down, but..."

Rachel sighed a long and sad sigh. "There's nothing we can do. It's completely his decision. Yes, we can try and help him, but it's still his decision, and his alone."

"But-"

"The thing is, is that he really isn't changing so much as he is letting his inner self out to the surface."

"What!?"

Rachel's eyes met Katie's. "I saw this part of him in him the first time I met him. It was brief, barely a moment. But I saw it, deep in his eyes, when I told him I was going to kill him."

"He didn't cower, or fight. He just accepted it. Accepted, and even embraced it. And not in the manner of being brave, mind you. But in bitterness, as though his hated life was finally going to end, and he was going to be free of it."

"But, but why?"

Rachel's eyes turned away from Katie. "I think I know some of it. You see, he is a kind hearted person. Unfortunately, as they say, 'nice guys finish last'. From his perspective, he was always last. Most everyone that he has ever come across in his life trampled over him. Whether they did so intentionally or not, I don't know. But, I'm betting it created a sense of bitterness in him, one that he buries deep down."

"I've seen glimpses of it here and there, when he was forced to show it. Forced to resist it, more specifically. True, there is a strong sense of determination when it came to us, but now I'm sure that there is more. The fight was a way that he could lash out at the world that has trampled all over him. I won't downplay our relationship, because that is very important to him. But, now it's becoming a little more clear that this is his way of striking back against the world."

Rachel's eyes met Katie's once again. "And now, when Caleb took the handful of people aside from us in his life away, the numbered few who didn't walk over him, that bitterness and hatred has begun rising to the surface, no longer able to be contained. Not only that, but now he has the power to actually vent all of that hate, through his powers."

"I said before that becoming a vampire changes people. It does, but not in the way most think. It changes them in the fact that they begin discarding their normal shell that they wear around other people. Power allows people to express their inner emotions, and that is what is happening to Alan. Unlike before, where he had no power, no physical strength to vent his anger through, he instead hid it. But now he is beginning to feel that he no longer needs to hide himself."

"Whether or not he realizes it, or whether or not he'll fight it, I don't know. In the end, it's his choice, and his alone." Rachel concluded.

Katie was stunned, in more than one way. "How-how do you know all of this?"

"When you're around for a long time, and when observation of others becomes a part of your survival, you pick up on these things. I've seen this kind of thing happen before to other newborns as well. That's why I didn't want to turn him the first time he asked me to. I wasn't quite sure what his inner mental state was. I had an idea, but I didn't know for sure. I only know what I know now because of what we've seen to this point."

"Don't give me too much credit, though. I could be wrong on little details, or maybe Alan's entire mindset. However, experience tells me that I'm not too far off. Believe it or not, humans, vampires, undead, none of them are really that dissimilar. Especially humans, no matter how much they pride themselves on their differences. They all seek pleasure, power, sustenance, and faith. All of them through different paths, true, but towards a similar goal."

"So...is there nothing we can do? I refuse to believe that! There must be something we can do!" Katie protested.

"We can try, but that's all we can do. If we try too hard, we may end up pushing him away. That's why I say the best thing we can do is stay by his side, and have faith in him. And pray that it's good enough."

Katie didn't like that answer. "No! I'd rather push him away then sit by and watch him go down a path of hate. Even if I never see him again, I'd rather that be the outcome then be forced to watch him go out of control."

"To be honest, so would I. But, I'm not sure if I can."

Katie blinked.

"In truth, the other reason why I recognized some of what he's going through is because I carry a bit of that bitterness as well. That's why I was able to relate to him so easily. I don't think we told you, but I'll tell you know a little of my life story. Before I was turned, I was born and raised in the 50's, a time before women became truly accepted as equals to men in general society. Sure, we had laws that said so at the time. But, we women had a difficult time being accepted in the eyes of society for quite a long time."

"And I was one of those women who had a hard time. I was a tomboy, one who sought independence, to be seen as an equal. I wanted my own job, my own house, and to be seen as an equal to any man or woman in the world. Instead of that, however, I was seen as an outcast. Even my parents disapproved my behavior, and practically disowned me. It was when I was almost completely isolated from the world that Caleb had found me. This was another reason why I remained so loyal to him for so long. He had, whether I like it or not, saved me. Despite his intentions, he took me in at a time when no one else would. And when I realized his true intentions, my own bitterness became stronger."

"That's why...that's why I can't fight him as hard as I want to. That's why I understand his situation so well. It's because I carry a similar hatred of the world that has cast me aside so easily. It's because Alan and I...are loners in this world."

Rachel met Katie's eyes. "But you...you may be able to influence and fight him in ways that I won't. In fact, it has to be you. I carry too much hate to turn him from a path filled with hate, but not you. Originally, I though Alan was going to be the one who helped rid me of my hatred, and he could have. But now, all we have left is you."

Rachel smiled at Katie. "I'm sorry. I'm asking so much of you, almost to the point that it isn't fair. But, now I realize that I have to ask this of you, because Alan and I have no one else to turn to."

Katie smiled back. "I-I'll do everything I can."

Rachel nodded. "We should get back. We don't want to keep everyone waiting, do we?" Rachel asked, tilting her head.

Katie giggled. "I'm ready for another round, actually. But, you're right. We'll have time for a true marathon of fucking once all of this is finally over."

"I certainly look forward to that day."

*****

Alan was the first one to return to the main lobby, where he sat and waited. His thoughts dwelled on what Liz had said to him. Not only about her past, which was depressing to hear, but the observation she had made about himself.

He had a primal side to him? When he thought about it, he noticed that it was, in fact, true. As he went through the years of his life, he began having violent thoughts from time to time. He had mostly just brushed them off as mere fantasies at the time, indulging in them every now and again.

But now, that would explain what he had gone through when he had fought against Lord Hector, and how he had so strongly responded to Liz's comments. It scared him. He knew that it wasn't because of him becoming a vampire, but because deep down, he always knew about this side of himself. Now, it was coming to the surface, and Alan was having a harder time controlling it. He had spent most of his life mastering his anger, keeping it deep down to keep it from getting him into trouble, whether it be to avoid a bar fight or to alienate his handful of friends.

That had been one of the primary reasons why he had stopped drinking, after all. His anger and sorrow kept on floating to the surface, causing distress to those who he knew and had cared about him. Now, however, that anger was not only becoming more difficult to control even when he is sober, but he also knew that it was going to be key to carrying out his revenge against Caleb, as well as an important tool for his survival.
