 Disclaimer: This fanfic is based off the Neverwinter Nights community module by the name of "A Dance with Rogues" created by Valine. I fell in love with this story and felt compelled to write something that compliments it. This story is rated Mature (NC-17) for explicit content and graphic violence. All characters except Shiloh, Bastian, Rhys, Nicca, Narev and Essex are property of Valine.

Please vote and leave feedback! Please! Pretty Please!!!!

Illicit Rendezvous

Shiloh left the Bear Pit and headed up Acorn Street until she came to Castle Street. She quickened her step as she passed by the house she'd broken into and turned onto Summer Lane. There she slowed down to a prowl as she scanned the numbers on each house.

Her heart pounded and she licked her lips as she caught sight of number 15. This was it. She concealed herself in the shadows and waited until the bells rang for Vespers. Her thoughts meandered and she moaned as she realized that this night he would finally be hers. It wasn't so much a passionate feeling as a low animalistic need. She hated the fact that Vico had been correct when he accused her of constantly needing something in her cunt. She knew it was the truth. It had become an addiction of sorts. She craved it. She needed it.

Her thoughts centered on him, and his arms aggressively capturing her sleek body. Controlling her. 

Shiloh knew that in the end she maintained control, but she knew that if he wanted to, she would be at his mercy. As she waited in the darkness, her hands crept over her body trying to imagine how it would feel for him. Her fear of being found out worried her less now. As her hands crept over her breasts her nipples became erect at the thought that soon, the hands on her would be much larger, much stronger. Her hands crept lower, her head tilted back, eyes closed, imagining, and wanting, to be touched this way. One had slowly crept between her legs, avoiding the point where her thoughts and desires were centered and lightly caressed the inside of her thighs. Then, ever so slowly crept up towards her pussy. She parted herself, but it was no longer her hand, it was a premonition of things to come. She lightly brushed her clitoris as a bolt of energy rushed through her body making her knees momentarily weak. Back and forth she moved. Grinding onto her own hand, his hand. Then without warning she, he, penetrated her. In and out over and over, that big cock was ravaging her. Then from deep within, it started as a shudder, a small spark in a dark night, she felt her orgasm coming. More and more the picture in her mind became clear. His cock pounding in then out of her, relentlessly, never ending, driving her to the edge. Then, almost as a great release, she came. Shiloh bit her lip as she stifled her cry of pleasure.

Shiloh was a woman with a mission. There'd be no beating around the bush tonight, no joking around and playing games. She wanted, needed, to get fucked. Plain and simple. No love, no expectations, "Just fuck me!" That was all she needed. The minutes ticked by like hours. The closer the time came, the more giddy, excited, turned on she became.

With her eyes set in determination, she made her way up to the door. She knew she didn't need to knock but made a show of rapping on the door as she opened it. 

Lenton stood at the top of the stairs. He offered a greeting, but the buzzing of need in her ears drowned out his words, she fleetingly glanced at his face as she ascended the stairs, but it was his crotch that had her attention. Nearing the top of the stairs she reached out for what, tonight, was rightfully hers and grasped his cock with one hand. She slithered up his torso, still holding him, and planted an aggressive kiss on the mouth that would soon be between her legs. She looked him dead in the eyes at that moment and whispered, "Fuck me."

It wasn't a request. It wasn't a plea. It was a command. Shiloh felt him reach for her ass. She felt his strong hands grasp her. She moved her free hand to his shoulder, running her hand down his arm, and pulled him closer to her. She felt his hand reach farther around, under her, moving towards the front. She felt his hand on her pussy. She was hot, he could feel her heat through her skirt. 

Lenton effortlessly picked her up, heading for the bedroom. Shiloh wrapped her arms around him, inhaled his musky scent, felt his shoulders, felt his hands on her ass...felt her breasts against his chest....

He carried her to the bed and placed her on it allowing himself to gently stay on top of her. She reached up behind his head before he could get away and kissed him. She probed his tongue with hers and found him willing. Her hands caressed his chest, his ass, his back. He was so big compared to her. He began to get up slowly, yet her hands never lost contact. When the kiss was finally broken her concentration drifted down to his pants. She began to fumble with his laces. She wanted to see it. She wanted to feel it. He helped her then, almost nonchalantly for he, as much as she, knew what was about to happen.

His pants unlaced now, she didn't bother lowering them, simply reached in for her prize. She pulled his cock out, he was not yet fully erect but that was what she wanted. Shiloh pushed him back slightly and slid off the edge of the bed to her knees on the floor in front of him. She took him in her mouth. Sucked him right down to the base in one fluid motion. She could feel him getting harder now. She could feel the edge of his cock head getting more pronounced in her mouth. She let him slip almost all the way out of her mouth then sucked him all the way back in. She moved her mouth around his cock. She wanted to feel every vein, every contour. She tasted him. It tasted like unadulterated sex. She knew she could make him come like this but that was not her intention.

Shiloh stood up slowly. She kept his cock in her mouth as long as she could, releasing it with no fanfare and immediately rubbing her body on his. His cock trapped between them as she rose. She forcefully grabbed the back of his head and kissed him again, her hands traveling down to the cock she had just sucked. She backed away then, only a few inches, and took off her cloak and mini-dress. Her unbound breasts now exposed, she could see him staring intently as his hands rose to touch them. She allowed him a touch. That touch turned into a lick, then a kiss. Her nipples at attention she slowly pushed him away to shimmy out of her booties, leaving behind her thigh high stockings and a pair of lacy black panties.

Lenton pulled her stockings down slowly, kissing his way to her scantily clad pussy. He rubbed her though her panties. Then he pulled on the waistband, signaling it was time. She removed her panties and stood before him naked. 

Next came the removal of his shirt. She smiled and caressed his chest. Her tongue licked its way to his nipple, her hand found his cock once again.

Lenton lowered Shiloh back onto the bed, but this time it was his cock that she felt against her while they kissed. She wanted him to lick her. She wanted to feel that pleasure. But there was something she needed more. She broke off the kiss and for the second time this evening she looked him in the eyes and said "Fuck me."

Shiloh spread her legs wide for him. She was very ready. Lenton reared up slightly and grasped his cock. It was huge, veiny, and ready. He lowered himself to her.

"Fuck me," she demanded again. "FUCK ME!" In one motion he buried himself to the hilt. Her head involuntarily fell back and she groaned.

That first touch, the parting of her moist lips, the penetration; she felt the flared head enter her, she felt every vein, she felt his muscles tense, her entire world revolved around her wet cunt. Almost all the way out, she felt empty. Only for a moment until he rammed his thick cock back inside her. His balls, even now ready to explode, pounded mercilessly against her. 

Lenton roughly grabbed her hips and pulled her to the edge of the bed. Without consideration he grabbed both her legs and pushed them up towards her breasts. Shiloh pushed back. Grabbing onto the sheets, grabbing him, grasping hold of anything around her to force that wonderful cock deeper inside her. Deeper and harder until she might break. She didn't care. She just wanted to be filled with cock.

She felt her orgasm approach. It came from deep within her. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back to its rightful place. This only caused him to penetrate her farther. She could no longer deny her pleasure. Her abdomen clenched, her hands pulled on the blankets, her biceps flexed – her cunt tightened around his meaty cock, she involuntarily bent at the waist trying to squirm. He held her down effortlessly.

The thunder started from her groin and built up momentum as it traveled the length of her body. Her mind saw colors, saw flashes of light, she felt restrained, violated, animalistic. She dragged her claws down his back. She marked her territory. Right now, here, this moment, he was there simply to please her. To make her come. 

Then she came.

Like a storm raging, her orgasm consumed her from head to toe. Lenton's momentum never slowed. Like a machine he pounded in then out of her. His throbbing cock divided her.

Then, as her orgasm settled and she opened her eyes, she realized that he too was not far away. He stopped then, pulling back from her. She was not disappointed because she knew he was not finished with her just yet.

He looked directly in her eyes. Shiloh knew that she possessed what he wanted. And at this moment, what he needed. She stared back as he grabbed her hips and pulled her over, face down on the bed. She was a rag doll to him and she no more could resist his movements then she could resist the need to breathe. She knew what he wanted. She arched on the bed. Lay her head upon her forearms and presented the gift to him.

He entered her, like before, in one swift motion, giving her everything he had. He grabbed her hips like handles on a self stimulation device, for to him, that's all she was now. A living breathing device for his pleasure. He pounded in then out of her. 

She knew she would come again....soon.

He slowed for a moment, to catch his breath, he knew if he kept this pace up that it would be over, and he didn't want that. Not yet.

As he regained a more regular rhythm he began to explore her body. First, a light caress of her exquisitely shaped back.... leading up to her hair. Hair that needed to be pulled. With her back arched, her head pulled back he maintained his rhythmic intrusion. 

She was closer.

Lenton let go of her hair and ran his hands down her sides, over her hips, to her ass. Lenton's brow furrowed as he took note of the discolored bruises on both her ass cheeks. He hadn't recalled them being so dark and he knew something must have happened to her since he had viewed her naked form last.

As gentle as possible, his hands cupped her ass cheeks. Shiloh groaned as she could feel that he was guiding his cock into her, feeling his shaft penetrate her to the hilt.

To him, this was the perfect view. This was heaven. His cock looked massive reciprocating in then out of her body. He felt her insides. He felt her muscle contractions. He knew he would come soon.

His hands slipped around the fine curve of her ass to that forbidden place. He knew not how many had been there, but he knew that at this moment she was his. Her wetness combined with his lubrication made his task easy. 

He slipped a finger in her ass. Her body blossomed when she groaned with pleasure. He grinned wickedly. Deeper his finger went. He could feel himself thrusting in and out of her cunt. He could feel her insides pulsating on his finger.

She was coming again. That was all that mattered. Her orgasm overcame her, her skin tingling and her breathing hard and fast. A strangled cry came from Shiloh, "Gods, Lenton ... Now ... Yes," and her hips bucked wildly as her body spasmed in ecstasy.

Lenton's rhythm changed to a faster, more intense thrusting as he neared orgasm. His breath came in pants and he clung to Shiloh as he thrust his hips against her. His body began to convulse and his mouth opened, allowing a gasp to escape. Like an explosion, Lenton filled her with every need, want, and desire he had to give. Blissfully he laid, his body emptying itself, draining him of his passion. Shiloh felt the warmth of his seed spread as he emptied the fluids of his climax deep inside of her. "Oh, gods!" Lenton exclaimed as he finally finished and pulled out of her.

He collapsed on the bed next to her. Shiloh rolled next to him, her muscles still twitching, her fingers massaging him, her back covered in sweat. Burying his face in her hair, he wished he could have her with him forever. But he knew that could never be. But there was this night and he intended to make it last.

Lenton pushed himself to rest against his elbow. His hands gently caressed her face as he leaned in to kiss her. His tongue trailed around her lips, taking her breath on an erotic journey.

His touch sent shivers throughout her body, quickly followed by intense heat, a burning that she needed him so desperately to quench. Her eyes opened, intently watching him as he watched her, enjoying the fleeting expressions as they flickered across his face. 

Lenton's fingers continued to gently trace down her neck and collarbone, melting her and making her quiver. His chuckle of approval turning her into a puddle of need. 

Then, his lips and tongue followed closely behind his fingers. Moving slowly from her lips down her neck to her shoulder. Flicking little licks down her chest, teasing around her nipple. Making her take his head in her hands and pulling him closer to her, silently begging him to take her nipple into his mouth. 

Again, his chuckle rumbled through her as he conceded to her demand and firmly sucked her nipple, flicking it with the tip with his tongue. A stream of fire shot directly to her center, causing her to gasp and moan, digging her fingers into his scalp. Her hips arched toward him and she can feel his moan travel through her breast as she pressed against his semi-hard cock. 

Her fingers kneaded his neck and scalp, the silkiness of his red hair making her hands tingle in anticipation. Shiloh let them explore his shoulders and back as he continued his sweet torture of her breasts, wringing ragged cries of delight from her lips. 

His hands moved down her body, leaving trails of fire behind. Slowly and gently caressing her. Starting at the sides of her breasts, teasing and laughing as her body instinctively twitched as he tickled her. 

His voice constantly murmured in her ear. Words of encouragement. His deep voice rumbled through her body, nearly making her cum without any further help. So extremely sexy, his smile. His eyes. And, by the gods, his voice! Getting deeper as he became more aroused.

His fingers explored further down her body until he finally began teasing around her pussy and brushing the scant hair that he had enjoyed so thoroughly. His fingers gently spread her lips, plucking at the folds around her clit, drawing cries of delight from deep within her.

Shiloh watched him move down. She felt his lips and tongue trailing down her stomach, around her navel. Her muscles tensed with anticipation of what's to come. Her breath caught in her throat as his hot breath wafted over her pussy lips. His tongue darted out to tease, causing both to moan in pleasure.

Suddenly he plunged his fingers inside of her as he sucked her clit into his mouth. Her body came alive as she arched up, screaming as her orgasm ripped through her. He continued to lick and fondle her pussy as she slowly floated down from heaven while he used his tongue to softly lap at her clit, licking up her juices. 

Sitting up, looking her in the eye, Lenton licked her cum off of his fingers. Waves of desire for this man washed through her and she reached up and pulled him down to her, kissing him deeply, tasting herself on his lips and tongue. 

Sucking his tongue into her mouth, Shiloh pressed him onto his back, his arms wrapping around her, pulling her down on top of him. She gasped against his mouth as his cock presses against her pussy, almost entering her. Teasing her. 

He moaned as she started moving against his body, intent on returning the actions that had given her so much pleasure. She trailed her tongue down his neck to his collarbone, feeling his body arch, giving her better access. She teased and tormented with her fingers, giving as good as she'd gotten. She delighted in tickling his stomach and down to his thighs. Almost touching his cock, but always pulling back at the last moment. Dragging moans and that sexy, deep rumbling chuckle from him.

Shiloh seemed amazed that her touch was bringing this out in him. Feeling powerful and sexy, she rose up over him, straddling his hips, letting his cock slide between her pussy lips yet not allowing him to enter her, torturing both of them. She leaned down over him, her breasts brushing his chest and she whispered in his ear, "I'm going to lick my juices off of your cock, and then I'm going to suck you until you cum deep down my throat."

Lenton's groan was half compliance, half agony as she arched her back and moved her hips against him. Slowly sliding down his body, feeling her wetness against her skin as his cock trailed up her belly, between her breasts, hitting her chin.

She looked up at him, deep into his eyes, as she slowly lapped the head of his cock with her tongue. His hands, seeming to have a mind of their own, dived into her hair, trying to press her down further onto his cock. Shiloh opened her mouth, glad to comply as the thrill of pure electricity shot through her body. She loved having control over him!

His body tensed, fingers digging into her scalp as she slowly took his cock deep into her mouth, and let her tongue swirl around the head.

His growl of approval was exactly what she longed to hear, "Yes, beautiful, take it deeper." His hands gently yet firmly pushed her to take more of him.

Shiloh sucked in a deep breath and swallowed him whole, feeling his balls against her chin.

She could feel his body shaking as he began to lose control. He pulled her away from his cock, begging, "No baby, I want to fuck you again! I'm going to cum deep in that pussy of yours!"

Shiloh squealed and giggled as he tossed her over on her back, loving his show of strength and touch of playfulness.

His fingers stroked her softly open, diving into her, spreading her wetness around, and slowly guided his rock hard cock to her slit.

He rested the head of his cock just inside of her, looked her in the eyes, taking her feet and placing them on his shoulders, spreading her knees wide and suddenly plunged himself into her already swollen pussy. He pounded into her over and over, bringing her to orgasm very quickly. 

Slowly he leaned forward, pushing her knees back and opening her further to his demands. He held himself up on his hands and arched into her, slowly stroking her pussy with his cock.

Shiloh could feel her eyes begin to roll back into her head as another orgasm ripped through her. Lenton whole body quivered as he gave into an exclamation of delight as her pussy clenched around him, nearly forcing him out of her.

He rose up over her again, his intent clear. He pulled from her, turned her over, and placed her on her knees. Giving her no time to prepare, he plunged into her, his balls hitting her clit as he pounded her deep and hard. His hands gripped her hips, rocking her back into him. She watched him in the mirror at the end of the bed, his head thrown back, his eyes catching hers, looking and watching each other as their mutual orgasms consumed them. He continued to pound into her, shooting his seed deep inside of her. 
