 Intelligent Designs

"Love is hot. Truth is molten."

-Donovan

1

Like a good lapsed Catholic girl, Trystessa had learned to decently suck cock, which was exactly what she was doing right that minute, five hours, thirty-six minutes and fifteen seconds to be precise, after having received the twelve dozen roses from Temperence. The roses, minus the single dozen whites that had found their way into a vase she'd placed on the kitchen table, were otherwise bound in bunches and hung from the ceiling in the garage to dry. 

The cock, namely Bob's cock, after the overkilling extravagance of Temperence's gift and the angel's ridiculously absurd claim that nothing casts a love spell like the taste of your bestie's asshole, had become for Tryss a symbol of reason, and her acting upon it an exercise in stabilization.

They were laying in Tryss's bed, having assumed a sixty-nine. Bob was on the bottom, pillows propped beneath his head. Oriented toward the foot of the bed, Tryss was on top, pondering the merits of Bob's cock as she tongued a slow zig zag trail from shaft to head. She thought it handsome, for a cock, rock solid yet velvety to the touch , veins curving up and around like sculpted marble ornamentation, modeled sides and anterior like the aerodynamic body of a sea serpent leaping from the calm seas of his flesh. Bob's cock was entirely intact, the first of its kind she'd experienced. Access to such equipment, Trystessa had discovered, had been a pleasant change. 

It was true, the good hype Tryss had read. Unlike her few uncircumcised lovers, Bob's orgasms were delayed, there by delaying hers, due to the nerve endings both inside his intact prepuce and on his glans. Bob's undamaged frenulum too was full with a high concentration of nerve endings. It was a design that made sense for the mutual benefit the organ was intended for. She admired how his foreskin retracted as his erection swelled and became a sort of tunneling buffer during intercourse, like some inter-vaginal massage mechanism. It became obvious to her how it aided in increasing her lubrication. Why whole cultures continue to promote male genital mutilation was beyond her. 

Still, she didn't know which looked funnier, the circumcised little floppy tough guy dick with its turtle neck collar or Bob's flaccid little dick hoody, like a little pink gangster that suffered depression until stimulated, stretching its skin until the hood turned into a mask, and then the mask slid down to reveal Darth Splitface. Tryss liked it alright, gliding her tongue around his head and fitting most of him down her throat, making him whimper and moan and swear under his breath and call her a dirty slut. She sucked him with slow precision, focusing her mind on the task so that no disturbing thoughts interrupted her efforts as she tried to forget about the lousy job Bob was doing from his end of their reciprocal juxtaposition. 

Which, was precisely the thing. Bob wasn't reciprocating. Tryss had her pussy right in his face and all he was doing was breathing on it. He was going to owe her big time, something huge, like the load he was going to shoot. I should stop right now, she thought, and hop on this thing. For the love of all that is sacred in the world, do I have to rub it in his fucking face? That's it. Three more licks of this lollipop and I am mounting your ass, you selfish prick.

So Tryss licked, once, twice, thrice, and then it happened. Bob, without any advanced warning, neither bodily nor vocal, jettisoned a globule of jiz right in her eye. Stunned, she remained draped upon him, watching with her unsmited eye the slow undulation of the rest of his load seeping forth, like a self-icing dick cupcake. 

It was then, as she felt the warm gooieness in her right eye gum into her lashes that thoughts of Temperence came rushing back, of their day together, of their extremely electrifying first time having sex and of Temperence's generous yet quite excessive gift of roses. Tryss then recalled how she'd arranged a single dozen of the nicest whites in a vase and set them on the table in the kitchen nook, which she later ultimately carried upstairs, set upon the dressing table in the spare bed room and then closed the door to hide before Bob showed up.

"What happened?" whimpered Bob from behind Tryss's ass.

"What the fuck Bob." She growled, sadly exasperated, "You were supposed to warn me!"

"I'm sorry! I couldn't help it! It's just that you, were doing it really nice, so I was like, hypnotized!"

"Yeah, sure Bob!"

"Seriously! I thought you were going to swallow it!"

"Yeah, well, I don't remember agreeing to swallow it! Tryss exclaimed as she crawled from him and bounded from the bed, her eye soppy and closed with his come, "I mean, I might have, maybe, if you had actually tried to eat me out."

"Oh, you wanted that?"

Tryss plucked a pair of tissues from a box on her bureau, and then proceeded to rid her eye of semen as she turned to disdainfully regard him. Bob had sat up then. Whether it was fake or genuine, the look of naked stupidity colored the expression on his face. Disgusted, guilt ridden and feeling quite grossly short changed, Tryss coolly studied his handsome, stupid ugly face, his lean enough chest, his open legs and the fountain of spooge dripping itself onto her sheets. 

Tryss angrily plucked three more tissues from the box, and would have thrown them at Bob if she knew they'd weighed enough to make an impact. Instead, prepared to hiss a few obscenities in his face, she poised herself to carry the tissues over to him. But, something made her stop in her tracks. Bob's expression, his posture, had not changed or shifted. He was staring, not unlike a wax museum statue. Then she knew it. The smell, like a warm sandy beach and tall dry grass. Oh no, not again, not now.

Having rendered Bob paralyzed and mute, the angel appeared again, this time as a brilliant flash of silver. Suddenly very ashamed of herself, of her nakedness, Trystessa sprang for her clothes. Still half blind with a coagulating mix of tears and semen, Tryss tripped and fumbled around the floor as she scrambled to put on a pair of boxers.

"What's your problem Trixie?" the angel chided in her Brooklyn Puerto Rican twang, "Like nobody seen you naked before?"

"You haven't seen me naked before, " Tryss grumbled, "at least not totally, I think, so I'm covering myself, thank you very much!"

"Oh you're just ashamed because you got caught sucking dick you don't really wanna suck."

"And how the fuck would you know I don't like dick?!?!"

"Because it was only yesterday that you were eating pussy like a fiend, you silly wench. But that's alright. It has been revealed and the universe finds favor in your lust for Temperence's little honey pot."

"Oh really!?!"

"Oh my God, yes really! Would you just stop with your bull shit and just surrender to your feelings?" 

Composing herself as well as she could, having gotten back on her feet and covering her breasts with Bob's shirt, Tryss leveled a gaze at the angel with her clean eye while she continued to try to clear the other of ejaculate. 

Her latest outfit, some space girl alien astronaut thing, was just as outlandish as the last. There she stood, garbed in a highly reflective chrome plated skin tight body suit, four inch heels, chrome eye shadow, purple lip stick and her hair tucked inside an enormous, dazzlingly bejeweled, styracosaurus like multiple horn frilled head dress. There were no naked bits to be seen, though there were the hints of nipples and the gentle crease of a camel toe. Following the angel's stare, she saw that the creature was hungrily scrutinizing Bob's time-frozen erection and its slick frosting of come.

"So he's, totally under your control, right?" Tryss asked.

"Oh yeah he is." The angel answered, her words dripping with lust, he won't remember a damned thing when I get through with him."

Tryss scrunched her nose at the fact that the angel was lusting over an already spent dick she wasn't supposed to have anyway.

"Control yourself Rosie." She said.

"I'm good." The angel answered as she met Tryss's gaze.

"So to what do I owe this visit?" asked Tryss, her offended eye finally clearing.

The angel glared as her head rocked on her neck, giving Tryss the impression of eyeing her like a chicken.

"Temperence was supposed to be here with you, investigating the intrinsic value of cock, remember?"

"Yeah, I remember. But, I can't just spring it on him, that, you know, I want to use him to test the integrity of my best friend's conviction that she likes to have sex with women or just me, exclusively! I have to figure out how to tell him- I mean, what if I don't want him to know, because he's going to ask, if I fucked Temp's."

"Just tell him you fucked Temps! He'll love it!"

"Dude! I don't want him to love it! It's weird, letting him know that about me! I just can't- You know, I've been researching wigs and, if I'm willing to put out the money, I could get a real nice one."

"I told you. I can't undo the past. This situation is now yours to deal with! You're the one that has to do the right things to produce the desired outcome!"

"What the Hell!?! What is the big fucking deal!?! How could we, of all people, possibly matter anyway? Wait. Hold on. Do you have a name? You must have a name or, what can I call you?"

The angel paused, eyeing Tryss, and then folded her arms before answering.

"Aletheia, the female truth of the Pleroma." She said.

Tryss let the name and its accompanying title echo in her mind, somewhat surprised and humbled, as if having been given the designation was as a bestowing of an honor, a privilege. However, the impression had not lasted as she considered the angel's latest costume. This bitch has got to be bananas, she thought, she just has to be.

"You know what?" Tryss said, "Fucking, leave!"

"You're telling me to leave!?!"

"No one's ever told you to leave before? Fucking leave I said!"

The angel paused, letting her gaze warm and turning her lips up in a slight smile. 

"So what do you think of my outfit this time? "She chose to say, "I found this in France and the shoes in Thailand. The head dress is from a friend."

Aletheia raised her arms and slowly whirled around once, allowing Tryss vantage of her naked ass, since the body suit apparrantly had no seat. Oh that's it, Tryss decided. She's no angel! She's like, a gremlin or like that Norse guy Loki, crossing into the world just to fuck mortal's shit up! 

"You are a very lonely, pathetic creature," Tryss erupted, "who has nothing better to do than bother humans because the universe doesn't find favor with you! Get, the fuck, out!!"

Finishing her turn, settling her arms down by her sides, there came a look of sheer, obstinate, hate on Alethea's face. As the silence swelled, Tryss began to hear a sudden, low rumble and felt the floor beneath her shake. Then, in the very next instant, everything around Tryss went up in flames. Unable to escape the maelstrom of fire, she screamed as she looked down at her boxers and the shirt in her hands flaming up and flying away as ash, her breasts bubbling and then popping, slitting, the fat boiling and dripping down her carbonizing skin. How much of her insides could still be alive as she screamed, howled and shrieked like an animal, primal and mournful? How much longer could she possibly survive? Somehow, Trystessa turned to see that Bob had been swallowed in flames, the smell of awful, a charnel reeking, sweet roasted putrid, screaming, make it stop, please kill me, make it stop God, please! And then it was gone. Tryss looked down. The shirt was still clutched in her hand. Her naked pale living skin was intact. Her heart pounded fiercely in her chest. A puddle of urine pooled between her feet. She turned to look at Bob. He too was intact and still entranced, muted, his cock still hard, his creamy semen having dried to flaky crust. Quickly, she turned to face the angel. The naked contempt was still in Alethea's face. Her arms were down by her sides, her fists clenched, her eyes glowing and smoking with fire.

"Be nice to me little girl." she said, her tone husky, her words measured, "I'm really trying to be good. I'm really trying to do the right thing here, so you need to work with me bitch. Do you understand?"

"Yes!" answered Tryss, shuddering.

"Tryss!!"

It was Bob. She turned. He was staring at her wide eyed. Tryss turned back toward where Aletheia had been, noticed the vase of white roses she'd hidden in the next room set right where the creature had stood, and then swung her head back to Bob.

"Are you okay?" he asked, cautiously rising from the bed and looking at the puddle between Tryss's feet, "You're stress incontinent. That's cool. Your secret's safe with me."

She barely heard him. For a long time, as she stared fearfully at the dozen roses in the corner of the room, Tryss couldn't speak either. Eventually, she observed Bob's face, his attitude and demeanor. He was acting as if he hadn't seen or experienced anything the angel wouldn't have wanted him to. He simply went about cleaning Tryss up as she remained where she was, stunned, horrified and confused. He had gone downstairs to gather what he needed, carried everything into the room, mopped the floor, sprayed it with disinfectant, wiped it immediately away, and then sprayed a jet of polish and wiped the wood flooring with the grain until there was no longer any sign that Tryss had soiled herself or the floor.

"I'm sorry Tryss," he whispered as he wiped the dried come from himself, "That didn't go very well and it was all my fault. I swear, I'll make it up to you. I mean, you probably had this huge orgasm ready to erupt and I just, squandered it."

"I don't really want to talk about it Bob." Tryss said, her voice distant, her eyes cast to the floor.

Again, Bob left the room. Returning with Tryss's bath robe, he stepped behind her and draped it over Tryss's shoulders, helped her fit her arms into the sleeves and tied her in. 

"And all of that perfectly good urine, wasted!" 

Hold the phone. Tryss suddenly looked into his face, giving him her full attention.

"Excuse me?" she said, "What do you mean wasted?"

Bob met her gaze and, blushing, answered:

"Tryss, I'll just sound selfish again and I don't want to-"

"Bob!!"

"Okay! I like golden showers."

Tryss jerked her head, her eyes narrowing to suspicious slits, and stared at him sidelong.

"Since when!?!" she asked, uncertain as to how to handle his revelation.

"Since my first one, five years ago. You never forget your first. She was a-"

"Wait so, it's now that you tell me you like golden showers? "

"Well, yeah! I mean, watching you piss yourself was hot, so I was inspired to just come out with it. I'm sorry. Does it freak you out?"

Tryss looked away suddenly, the roses in her periphery, and then raised an eye brow.

"Uh, no, not really, I guess."

"

"Cool!" said Bob, adding: "Yep, water play works for me. And, if the moment's really right, I'll drink some too."

Slowly, Tryss brought her eyes back to bare on the man's face. It was a little hard to digest, Bob's taste for piss. It wasn't every day that someone raised their psychological intimacy with you to the level of shocking disclosure. But, then again, it was Tryss's second day as someone who was thrust into being in way over her head about what she knew about who she cared to know.

"Holy freaking shit," she sang quietly, suddenly amused, "you like, piss, but you won't eat pussy!?!"

"Oh I love eating pussy," Bob differed, grinning oafishly, "but only if it's all, you know, pissy."

Tryss eyed Bob obliquely, the roses still just in view, as he stared back, scratching his light brown haired head. Presently, a smirk crossed Tryss's lips and she said:

"Pissy pussy, huh? Why Robert Joseph McKinny,you're a kinky little fuck!"

Bob nodded, and then leaned in to kiss her on the cheek.

"So, how kinky?" she asked, still smirking.

2

Temperence needed the fingers of both hands to count how many times she'd masturbated the evening after her day with Trystessa. Liberated, set free to find union between her body, the world it lived in, her soul and the providence of God through and beyond it, she had found balance. Temperence was pleased. She had prayed and she believed God was pleased. With Trystessa's patience and wisdom, she remained unsullied and God was still pleased, as far as she knew. God was funny that way: the message of His displeasure rang far more clearly than the message of His contentment.

The roses would surely be perceived as much too much, over the top as Tryss might say, but they were a living reflection of what she felt in her heart and were exactly what Temperence needed to see gathered together in the florist's to inspire her to write exactly what she wanted to write in her note. The roses also reflected what she'd resisted for so very long, in her exquisitely feminine core. Trystessa was absolutely right in her having made Temperence understand that she couldn't have a taste, that first taste, that mouthful of the now most forbidden fruit, the fruit she had been desiring all along.

It had been so hard to let Tryss's texts and messages go unanswered, to stay away, to give her the space Temperence believed she needed. But, she done it. The masturbation certainly helped, as did the prayer, but still. All Temperence could think about was her magnificent Trystessa.

A man would not do. Oh no, she never knew any man, but Temperence had a very strong suspicion that a man would never do. What was it that prostitutes did, Temperence had asked herself. They turned tricks. A trick was a lie, a deception, a slight of hand, the hand quicker than the eye; if the truth fits, wear it. No, a man would surely not do. So that was that. There was her body and her luscious, finger licking succulent parts, Tryss's parts, the parts of her she'd feasted her eyes on, the parts she'd tasted, her lovely feet, her lovely ass and it's so so taboo depth. And yet, Temperence, free from any thought of sin in her mind, had tasted deeply of it and was euphoric, serenely over joyed, happy to do it again and again and again. 

How beautiful Trystessa was to her. How beautiful, all along, for years, she was beautiful, like a grand thing nature sprawls up to and surrounds. Throughout that night, after that fateful day, Temperence felt like a poem, the musical words on the page, her naked body standing, her bare feet on her plush carpet, like a graceful tree upon a grassy meadow. I am an event of space and time, she prayed. I am just a microscopic cog in the workings of the God's universe. I am less than that. I am all of it, studying it as the I, my ego, my focal point of reverent reference. I am my body, my will, my experience I share with God and God shares with me. There for, I should love this life, this new life and live this love, this lightness I feel in my heart. 

Over and over, Temperence had studied the snapshots in her phone, using them to conjure images in her mind of how she'd like to demonstrate her love to Tryss. Her Fingers warm and slick, Temperence's ninth round of self-manipulation roused her out of her flight of fancy through the unconscious universe and returned her to the sound of gently falling rain. Opening her eyes, she looked toward her open windows. Naked, she rose from the space of plush carpet before her corner alter and stepped into the recesses of her home. 

Both in and outside of herself, totally silent inside her mind beyond the images of that early afternoon, Temperence saw that even in the dark, the world had so many colors. She saw a colydascope of hues, vivid, vibrant, a collage of Trystessa, every aspect of her face, her body, sleek and angelic and earthly. She had begun to hear her heart beating in her ear, not her own heart beat -that was over- no, it was Trystessa's heartbeat, as if Temperence had breathed in an echo of it through their many kisses and filled her own heart with it. 
