 Disclaimer: This fanfic is based off the Neverwinter Nights community module by the name of "A Dance with Rogues" created by Valine. I fell in love with this story and felt compelled to write something that compliments it. This story contains explicit content and graphic violence. All characters except Shiloh, Bastian, Rhys, Nicca, Ni'as, Narev and Essex are property of Valine.

Please VOTE and leave FEEDBACK!!!

O_o

Silver Tongued Devil

(Flashback)

With a soft kiss and tender embrace, Myra stepped away from Christano and took hold of the rope. She eased herself down within the tight passageway, shimmying down the rope. As she reached halfway, she noticed the rope strands coming apart and quickened her descent, but it was not quick enough.

With a loud snap, it burst, plunging her downwards.

O.O

Christano yanked the rope up as he felt the weight on it lessen and heard the snap and Myra's cry of distress. He called her name, bellowing it down the hole until he heard her voice floating back up to him.

"MYRA!" Christano screamed again when all went silent. "MYRA!"

"I'm alright, Christano dear." Shiloh mimicked Myra's voice, calmly reassuring him.

Shanna stepped between him and the hole. "She'll be fine. She's with Shiloh. We should go back to that room near the glowing door. I have a feeling that Shiloh will try to find a way to open that. She told me she was going to last night."

"No, I'm going down there." He countered, pushing her aside and sitting on the edge of the hole.

"You can't go down there and leave me up here alone. I'd go back to that room where those girls are, but Shiloh fixed the lock so no one can get in or out. I'm defenseless and helpless. Please don't leave me. You're a paladin, sworn to defend the weak. Stay with me. You don't know how deep that goes down. If the fall kills you, then you won't be of any help to Myra." Shanna pleaded as tears began to course down her dirty cheeks. Then she cuddled against his chest, wrapping her arms around his waist. 

"Very well, little one. I'll lead the way."

Shanna grinned wickedly and clutched his arm. "You won't regret this one bit. You'll see."

O.O

Upon return to the room, Shanna made a show of yawning and stretching as she began to undo the straps and buckles that held the armor together while Bastian's voice in her head urged her on. 

"I'm tired. I think I'll rest a while. Will you keep an eye out?" Shanna purred, as she headed toward the bed.

"It would be my honor,"he said as he watched her every move, his eyes devouring her. He nodded and licked his lips. This was his opportunity to sample her forbidden fruit and no one would be the wiser. He knew he could convince her to keep it between just the two of them, and if not, then, of course, he would silence her for good.

O.O

Shanna had him. She had him right where she wanted him and she knew it. She could feel his eyes upon her as she removed the sexy black armor, mounting it upon a nearby stand. She stretched and preened, flaunting her near flawless form, before she climbed onto the bed. He followed close behind her, watching her every move. He began to unbuckle the straps on his armor, removing the pieces and setting them aside carefully before divesting himself of the leather jerkin, breeches and linen shirt he wore beneath his golden plate armor.

The bed was soft and Shanna's eyes were inviting. She drew him in, like a bee to sweet nectar. Her allure was difficult to resist, yet he found he had no desire. His conquest of her was going to be easy as pie. They both knew it.

"It's time to begin your training," he remarked with a smirk as he followed her onto the bed.

"What training are you referring to?" Shanna demurred, coyly gazing upon him.

"I'll show you the light, little one. The true way." A grin crossed his face, his eyes shining with want of her. Christano uttered not a word, letting his actions speak for him. He pounced on her, covering her with his larger body. She could feel a warmth rise in her body, feel the moistness gathering. Shanna instantly felt a jolt of desire, a heady rush of heat between her thighs. A purr slipped from her lips as she arched her back and let her thighs fall wide apart. Christano grinned and slapped the inside of her thigh firmly. The grin on his face grew as he rubbed the insides of her thighs, and knelt down between her legs. He softly bit and kissed the insides of her thighs, slowly moving up. Shanna thrashed about while her breathing increased as his fingers teased over the outer folds, over her mound, his lips and tongue flicking over the insides of her thighs. He pulled his hand away and pressed his mouth over her wet opening, sliding his tongue deep into her tight slit. He ran his tongue over her lips, sucking her softly as his hands moved up to hold her hips, one sliding up further to take one of her bountiful breasts in his hand. Shanna moaned and bucked under his touch and the feel of his mouth, crying out softly. He continued sucking, sliding a finger inside her deep and thrusting it slowly while sucking her clitoris until he felt her tense and jerk, panting as a climax swept over her. She screamed from the pleasure of it, her body convulsing.

"Serve me, little one." Christano spoke softly, though his words took such a commanding tone, she couldn't help but obey. He pushed her to her knees on the floor, standing in front of her. His turgid erection bobbed before her very eyes. Shanna licked her lips. "You are in need of discipline and I shall gladly dispense it."

Her hand slipped around his cock, pulling him closer to her. She ran her fingertips gently over the length, tracing the thick vein from its base until it reached the crown and stroked around the sensitive ridge. Then she moved to the head, that lightest of touches, just enough to allow a drop of pre-cum to escape. Shanna moved her mouth over his cock. The tip of her tongue traced the slit at the end, licking her way over the engorged purple head and down to crown's ridge. She engulfed the head between her lips, her tongue caressing it, bathing it in her oral juices. She went lower, her tongue flicking down the length of his shaft, not wanting to miss even the slightest bit of his warm fragrant flesh. 

The head grazed the roof of Shanna's mouth, then after the slightest of pauses, it passed into the tight confines of her throat. She hummed and moaned around him before she let him withdraw the head, until it was barely lodged in her mouth, before once again she pushed down and engulfed his cock a little deeper Once again she withdrew, only to descend a third time. The movement became slightly quicker, more hurried. At the fourth time she felt him swelling even more, the constriction around the cock head as it passed into her throat was like a warm ring of flesh squeezing him each and every stroke. Christano threw his head back, unleashing a mighty bellow as he sank his hands into her hair. He bucked his hips, thrusting deeply. Just as the first spasm erupted, she descended again over his girth, pushing down forcefully until she had engulfed him entirely. She fought back the urge to sneeze as his golden blond curls tickled her nose. And the first shot of cum passed directly into her throat, her muscles tightened around him to squeeze the warm pungent liquid from the shaft. The second blast coated her throat before she rose up to take the third and fourth into her mouth, her tongue now coaxing the final droplets from the now over sensitive tip. He pulled back, sitting upon the edge of the bed. "You have a talented mouth," he stated before he sank his hand into another fistful of hair. "You should put it to good use again. Get me hard."

Shanna grinned and went to work on him again, her tongue bathing him, her lips nursing him, her hot mouth coaxing him back to full aching hardness. He pushed her away, removing his swollen member from her mouth. "Get on the bed, little slut. On all fours, you are in need of further education."

Shanna scrambled to obey him, presenting her pleasantly rounded bottom in the air before him. He moved in behind her. She moaned as she felt his fingers start to run up and down the length of her slit. "Your pussy is wet. Good girl."

She looked back over her shoulder, beaming at him. "Yes, soaking." He pushed two fingers into her channel. Shanna moaned loudly. Her need was nearly unbearable. She needed something more, much more. "Fuck me now!"

Christano chuckled low in his throat. He teased her relentlessly, pulling back when he knew she was on the verge of exploding. "Control yourself," he barked before he brought a stinging slap down upon her bottom. She howled as pleasure swept away the pain of it. She whirled around to face him. 

Her hands wrapped around his arm, yanking and pulling until she had him flat on his back on the bed. "I'll show you control."

"You tempt, little one." His eyes raked over her as he pushed himself up on his elbows to watch her. "Show me."

"As you wish," Shanna turned her back to him, pivoting just enough to silhouette her nude form in the firelight that came from within the braziers. The light illuminated her, giving an almost ethereal glow to the pale skin of her breasts as they rose and fell with each breath. He could feel his passion rise again. "Tell me you want this, want me, and you shall have me. Are you ready to take a bite of my forbidden fruit?"

His breath ragged, he could feel his heart leaping from his chest. Indeed he wished to taste, her warm kisses, and devour her willing flesh. 

She turned to face him, slowly, teasingly. "Can you say you have tasted and want no more?" She approached him again, the sway of her breasts and hips taunting him, promising him more pleasures. "You want me," she taunted him, dared him, and tested him, "More so than your little prudish cleric. She can't give you what I can."

She stood beside the bed and placed one knee upon it invitingly. Christano reached out to touch her, caressing the smooth, pale skin of her inner thigh. A glimpse of the glistening dew gathered between her legs was the final spark that renewed the fire of his desire. Reaching upward, he brought his hand up to her flower and stroked gently, marveling at the wetness that ran down his fingers. She closed her eyes and moaned as her hips gyrated slowly.

Leaning over him her mouth closed on his. Her tongue dove in, intertwining with his as it played about teasingly. He could feel her breasts rub lightly up and down his chest as her body rocked to the motion of his hand between her legs.

Placing one hand on his chest, her nails scraped his flesh lightly as her other hand found his manhood. With a feather touch she ran her fingers down its length then stopped to cup his balls gently. Her breath was heavy as his fingers continued their wet explorations. He massaged her clit gently, and then sent his fingers inside her. 

Moving her hand to his hardness she grasped it briefly, teasing. She ran her fingers along the length of his cock, brushing the head with her fingertips, then back down again. Her hand matched the rhythm of his, moving up and down his shaft, her fingers exploring his length as he explored her depths. He moaned softly when she grasped his cock more firmly and began stroking it. 

He intertwined the fingers of his free hand in her long, golden brown hair and pulled her down for another kiss. Her sighs of pleasure stoked the flame of his passion even hotter. Letting loose her hair; his fingers traced a line of fire to her breasts. He cupped one, rubbing his thumb across her nipple and around the aureola. Shanna responded by evoking a low squeal of pleasure as she rocked her hips even harder against his hand. 

Running his fingers lightly from her breast up to her neck, he felt her shiver and her breath quicken. Releasing him suddenly, she brought her other hand up to his chest, digging her fingernails into his skin as her hips bucked in climax. 

Squeezing her eyes shut tightly she let out a small cry as her hips gyrated against his hand. She clenched and unclenched her fists, scraping her fingernails against him as the wave of pleasure carried her along. 

Finally, she pulled away and sat back on her leg. Christano watched in fascination as she brought his hand, wet with her juices, up to her mouth and slowly started licking his fingers. Shanna ran her tongue from the palm of his hand, sending a lightning bolt of pleasure down his spine, to each finger. Slowly she licked around each finger before taking it into her mouth, sucking softly before moving to the next. When she was done, she took his hand in hers and brought her other leg up on the bed. Then she threw her leg over him, straddling his chest. 

"Now you," she said softly. "Taste me, lover."

Shanna felt his hands grasp her ass. He could smell the scent of her passion as he brought her glistening nether lips closer. Taking her into his mouth, he reveled in the warm, wet taste of her. He teased her clit, flicking it back and forth with his tongue. She wrapped her hands over the rail at the head of the bed as she rolled her head around. The pleasure was almost unbearable. Shanna bit her lip as she forced back a cry.

Christano's tongue moved deeper, thrusting into her. He could feel the tickling trail of her juices run across his cheeks and down his chin even as he strove to catch each intoxicating drop. Taking her nub between his lips again, he sucked and rolled it around. He grasped Shanna's hips tighter, fighting to hold her close to him. His tongue played her, one moment hard, thrusting. And in the next, dancing with a nimbleness that was swiftly rushing her forward toward another peak. 

Grinding her hips against him, feeling his tongue explore the soft folds of her sex, she couldn't hold any longer. Shanna let go, her climax taking her completely, exploding through her with a fire that burned to her very soul. Christano didn't stop, his tongue still dancing, torturing her. Her breath heavy and her cheeks flushed, she looked down at him. Seeing him there, feeling his tongue between her legs, she came again. Her back arched as the waves of pleasure pounded her consciousness. 

As the waves subsided, Shanna took his hands in hers and pulled away from him. She forced his hands back, to either side of his head, as she slid her hips down his stomach to rest on his manhood. She looked into his eyes as she moved her hips across his hardness, rubbing her clit down and up the length of his cock before taking him inside her.

He threw his head back and gasped for breath, her heat was like nothing he had ever felt before. Slowly she forced her hips down, taking him completely inside, holding him there. Then, releasing his hands, she placed hers on his chest and began moving her hips, rocking them, sliding up his length threatening to release him, then taking his hardness inside again, Shanna's fingernails dug deep, red depressions in him, melding the pain and the pleasure into a single, hot, blood rush. 

Christano cupped her breasts, squeezing them gently then ran his fingers across her nipples, up the soft curve of her pale skin to her neck. One hand he placed on the back of her neck, running his fingers through her silken hair, the other caressed her cheek. She thrust downward on him, feeling him inside her. Christano's hips rose to meet hers, sending a shiver through her body. She took one of his fingers in her mouth, sucking on it, playing it with her tongue as he had played her with his.

Shanna could feel her climax building. Each thrust of her hips down his manhood, taking him deep, enveloping him, brought her closer. His breaths too grew short, his hips bucking upward to meet hers, her hot wetness stroking him faster and faster.

"Tell me you love me," she whispered. In their frenzied passion, she couldn't tell if he heard her. She thrust down his length and stopped, holding him deep within her. "Tell me you love me."

Christano fought through the haze of his passion, incoherent words slipping from his lips. As Shanna rose up slowly, almost releasing his hardness before taking it in her again, she couldn't hold back her desire much longer.

"Does your little prude give you this kind of love?" she said breathlessly. "Have you ever felt the pleasures we've felt this night with her?" By Bastian's cock, it was unbearable. Shanna began moving her hips in a rapid rhythm, almost drowning out his moan of pleasure with her own. 

Though he heard her words loud and clear, he remained focused on the sensations racing through his body. He gripped her hips tightly, pummeling her from below. She brought her lips close to his as their hips danced and thrust. 

"She cannot. I can see it in your eyes. I can feel it with every thrust of your cock into me." She leaned forward further, bringing her head to rest against his shoulder, which slowed but did not lessen the motion of their bodies. She kissed the line of his shoulder blade, tasting the salty sweat gathered there. She rocked her hips faster; it almost didn't matter, so close was she. He throbbed within her. Shanna rose away from him slightly, it was almost too late; she could not stop herself from taking him, releasing their passion. She leaned close to his ear one last time. 

"Tell me you love me!" she cried, her climax turning it almost into a scream. He thrust his hardness into her once more.

"I love you."

Shanna took his mouth with hers, only a brief glimpse of ruby red eyes did he have before the fire exploded through their bodies. They muffled each other's cries as their bodies danced together. Her tongue twisted in his mouth, the sweetness of her lips sent him to the edge of consciousness. 

She had him.

O.O

After a short rest, Shanna awoke to find Christano standing watch over her. He stood poised as if he felt the presence of something that had come to do them harm. "I ask you to get up, little Shanna. You should dress in your armor. I believe now is a good time to teach you how to fight. I sense something. I know not what it is, but I may not be able to fight what is out there and defend you at the same time. Prepare yourself." 

Shanna smiled as she bounded off the bed and gave him a light peck on the cheek. "I knew you would keep your promise."

Christano returned the kiss with a smile, drinking in the sight of her near perfect body. He also he knew there was another reason to get her up and moving. He didn't want Myra to catch them in the act. He didn't want Myra to know that he had strayed. 

His eyes followed every move she made while she shimmied into the tight shiny black armor. Her fingers flew over the buckles, cinching it against her skin to protect her flawless skin.

At last when she pulled on her boots, he cleared his throat. "Grab your sword and meet me in the other room." Turning away, he stalked off through the outer door. He had to get away from the magnetic pull of her sex appeal. This was not the time to get caught. 

When Shanna joined him, he had his game face firmly in place. Christano tossed her a small wooden shield and instructed her how to strap it into place on her arm. "For a beginner, your best offense is going to be a good defense. You want to protect your vital organs. You want to keep your shield up to protect your torso. Getting stabbed in the heart will kill you. Taking a shot to the gut will cause a slow and painful death. A hit to the throat will also kill you, which can lead to decapitation. I will show you a proper defensive stance. Watch me."

Christano bent at the knees, moving into his defensive stance. He pulled his tower shield in front of him as he gripped his morningstar in his free hand. While rocking on the balls of his feet, he slowly began to move, circling her, sizing her up. "Now you, Shanna."
