 Adi was lost and scared; she had been wandering in the jungle for a full day after getting separated from the tour group. Her cloths had been ripped and torn as she had frantically scrambled through the forest searching for the trail they had been on. I never should have gone on this Stupid vacation she thought to her self but her friend was always going to exotic places and had finally convinced her to take the trip to South America. 

Night was approaching quickly and she decided to take shelter in a cave for the night. Fortunately the guide had insisted they all carry flashlights just incase something happened and they were still out there at night. Adi definitely didn't want to spend the night with a panther or some other creature that might make the cave a home so she explored, wandering into the cave for about fifty feet before coming to a large pool of clear water. The cave sloped down into the pool almost like a beach. The water looked deep, in fact it was so deep that despite it's clarity she couldn't see the bottom. 

Fatigue set in quickly once Adi determined there was no immediate danger. She decided to wash her hands and face of the grim that had accumulated in the rainforest before trying to get some sleep. Crouching down at the edge of the pool she dipped her hands in the water and splashed water over her face and arms. Suddenly a flicker in the water made her flinch and back up a couple of steps. After staring into the pool for a couple of minuets she decided she must be seeing things because she was so tired and edged back to the water to continue washing up. Before she had barely wet her hands a dark shape shot up form the depths of the pool right at her. Yelling she jumped back but her mud slick boots slipped on the cave floor and she slid right into the water. Thrashing wildly she began to swim back to the edge but something grabbed her foot and tugged her deeper into the water. 

Before she knew it what felt like little hands were all over her pulling her deeper and deeper into the depths. No matter how hard she tried to swim to the surface the 3 or 4 pairs of hands kept pulling her deeper. Right as she was running out of air she felt a current pulling her hard to the right and she shot out a hole and into fresh air. Gasping for breath on her hand and knees the flutter of wings all about her head alerted her that something was still out there. In the darkness she flailed around crawling away from the noises. Spying a point of light she scurried towards it until before she knew it the ground wasn't beneath her any more and she was falling.

Light assaulted her eyes as she fell into a huge cavern filled with glowing vegetation. Thankfully she landed on some very cushy moss. Dazed she rolled on her back and had a second to look around at the alien world around her. Where the hell am I she thought to herself before the moss she was on began to pulsate and grow. In the blink of an eye the moss had changed from a lifeless tangle of little nubs to 3 or 4 inch tentacles vibrating with life. 

The nubs continued to grow tangling her up in itself, quickly pinning her wrists, ankles, and waist down tightly. She struggled fiercely but the things had an iron-like grip and her efforts weren't having much effect. Then from above 4 little people with fluorescent wings hovered above her flitting about laughing and dancing around dizzyingly. "Oh boy another plaything for us!" One said "Yes, yes and this one very pretty." Another chimed in. They were about 2 and a half feet tall and slender. The first thing that came to Adi's mind was they must be pixies from movies that she had seen. I must been hallucinating she thought to herself as they landed about her and quickly when to work removing her cloths. Confused and completely naked Adi didn't know what was going on when she felt a tentacle worm it's way between her butt cheeks smearing a warm sticky fluid. Looking around she saw all the tentacles were dripping milky fluid. 

"Don't worry you feel good now" One of the pixies said with a grin and a giggle.

The nub had made it's way to her asshole as another began to explore her pussy lips. Apparently liking what it found between her legs it quivered and bulged growing thicker and longer invading her womanhood. "Oh my god!" Adi Moaned as the tentacle buried it's self deep inside her. Pulsing and growing her cunt was quickly stretched to its limit. Then two nubs slithered up her sides and went strait for her perky double D tits. They massaged and squeezed stimulating her nipples until they became erect. 

By now she was covered in the sticky fluid but it wasn't altogether unpleasant and she found herself becoming aroused as the tentacle writhed about inside her pussy. The tentacle at her backdoor began to enlarge and push against her sphincter. She had never allowed any of the guys she had slept with to fuck her in the ass and didn't really want anything in there now so she clenched her cheeks as hard as she could but the nub was persistent, slowly but surly moving up her asshole letting loose loads of the slimy excrement. Adi realized that what she was doing only made it hurt so she relaxed. Finally free to ravage her ass without restraint the tentacle let loose one more big torrent of warm fluid and drove deep exploring her milk dud. 

The stimulation of her pussy, ass, and tits was to much and arching her body she shook with orgasms over and over again.

"See you feel good now, no?" A sprite asked gleefully. The tentacles showed no sign of letting up and Adi couldn't really complain, despite everything the tentacles really knew how to fuck a girl. 

Just then a sprite landed between her tits, "Me want to have fun too." It said. The sprite grabbed it's growing dick with both hands and began to stroke it, the little guy had a huge dick for it's size. It must have grown to about 8 inches and was plenty thick. He planted his dick right on her lips smearing pre-cum all over them, "Sucky, sucky!" it said happily. There was no way she was going to suck any pixies dick, but as another orgasm racked her body she couldn't help but let out a little moan and right on cue the little bastard shoved his dick strait down her throat, managing to embed at least half of his member in her mouth. She considered biting him but didn't know what would happen if she pissed them off so she decided to just try and not choke as the huge cock invaded her mouth. 

With a sigh of pleasure the pixie stroked his cock as it lay half in her mouth. His pre-cum tasted sweet and awoke the hunger she had forgotten about through everything that had happened. After all she hadn't eaten all day. "See you like I give you more." It said giggling. And with that he slowly pushed his cock further into her mouth until his nut sack was pressed against her chin. It was a good thing she had no gag reflex, a gift many men had enjoyed with her since she was in high school. Apparently the little guy was impressed because as he withdrew he called the others over to watch. "Look, look!" He said when the others hovered around her head. They all had huge members hanging between their legs dripping pre-cum all over her face and tits. Again he pushed his 8 inches down her throat until she couldn't breath and his sack was resting on her chin. Proudly he looked around at his friends gesturing at her cock filled mouth, before removing all but the head which was dripping pre-cum almost constantly now. 

Adi having cum more times then she could count cared only about filling her stomach with as much cum as possible. "Oh boy!" They all cried out as they began to furiously jack off all around her. 

At this point she had a huge tentacle rhythmically pumping her pussy, another embedding up her asshole, three huge dicked pixies dripping pre-cum all over her face and one giant cock stuffed down her throat. The pixie withdrew a little letting her get some air before he started to fuck her mouth slowly driving his cock down her throat and then taking it almost all the way out. This went on for a while until he began to speed up pumping into her mouth over and over again. Adi fully possessed by now sucked with all her might begging for more with her eyes. Finally she felt the pixies body tense up and with a final great thrust he pushed his cock as far as possible in her mouth and let forth a huge stream of cum strait down her throat. The cock was pushed so far down her throat she didn't even have to try and swallow. The sperm relentlessly streamed down her throat for what seemed like forever. Finally he was done filling her up and he withdrew his softening member. 

Before she had even a moment to compose herself another pixie had stuck his prick forcefully down her throat, and started pumping away with reckless abandon. This one already stimulated by the show came quickly, this time he didn't shove his member down her throat but waited until just the head was pinned by her lips in her mouth. The cum quickly filled her mouth and dribbled down her chin as she tried to swallow it all. There was way too much fluid for her and she choked spraying cum all over herself.

The show was too much for the other two as they came covering her face with volley after volley of sperm. Adi tried to get as much as possible in her mouth but there was so much cum everywhere that the best she could do was stick her tongue out to catch as much as possible. The pixies finally sated fluttered off. Full of cum and completely fucked Adi relaxed back into the shrinking tentacle bed to fall into a peaceful sleep.