 Disclaimer: This fanfic is based off the Neverwinter Nights community module by the name of "A Dance with Rogues" created by Valine. I fell in love with this story and felt compelled to write something that compliments it. This story contains explicit content and graphic violence. All characters except Shiloh, Bastian, Rhys, Nicca, and Essex are property of Valine.

Please VOTE and LEAVE FEEDBACK!!!!!

Sex, Lies and Werewolves

Shiloh pulled herself from the bathtub once the water had cooled. Her body still hurt, but it was nothing compared to the agony she had felt during her whipping. She knew she shouldn't dwell on it. She was lucky to have survived, lucky to have gotten away, if only it hadn't caused the deaths of so many. 

She sighed as she grabbed a thick fluffy towel, wrapping it around her body. Her thoughts turned to Mando and the revelation of his relationship with Jacia. Never would she have guessed that Mando and Jacia was a couple. It didn't make sense to her what either of them saw in the other. Mando was easy going and quick to smile. He handled much of the naughty business within the family. The sex trade was his forte. How could he and Jacia have gotten together? The assassin's malevolence towards everyone was a big turn off, or so it would seem to Shiloh. She just didn't get it.

Shiloh padded through the apartment, stopping to glance at everything. Part of her was convinced she'd never see this place again. The other part hadn't wanted to return for fear of what she might find. As her eyes panned the room, she caught a glimpse of something out of place. A book on the shelf turned the wrong way. She limped over to it then pulled it down.

Her eyes flicked over the title. It wasn't one she recognized. It hadn't come with the apartment. After moving in, she recalled perusing the books. Perhaps it belonged to Rhys. She studied the brown leather cover then softly spoke the title of the book, "Namaarie."

It wasn't a language she recognized. She opened the book, turning a few pages. They were written in the same language. Perhaps Master Nathan would know someone who could translate it for her. 

She flipped to the middle, finding a cut out section that contained a folded piece of parchment. Her fingers trembled as she withdrew it, catching sight of her name written in a bold script. Shiloh drew in a deep breath as she unfolded the paper. Her heart pounded. She knew who it was from. Settling down on the couch, she curled into a ball then started to read.

Dearest Shiloh,

Causing you pain is the last thing I'd ever want to do, but I feel I must be honest with you. I have been living a lie ever since I claimed you. As much as you deserve happiness, I cannot give it to you. Therefore, I must end things between us. You deserve to be told in person, but I can't bear the thought of hurting you again. My heart tells me you feel this way as well. You've been the best thing that ever came into my life. I have been truly blessed, but we both know our hearts lie in different places. Be honest with yourself and you will realize what I say is true. Open your eyes and see the world about you. Only then will you find someone who will appreciate you for who you really are. 

All my love, Rhys

Shiloh crumpled the letter to her chest, letting a dry sob slip from her lips. She hugged herself tightly, giving into the pain she felt. It was over for them, for good. It was true she didn't love him the way she should, but had hoped with time her fondness for him would have grown into something more. Shiloh cursed brokenly. She cursed Rhys, then herself. Loathing spread through her. She didn't like the feelings coursing through her soul. They gathered deep within, settling in the pit of her stomach. 

Lifting the letter, she smoothed the wrinkled piece of parchment then reread it. With that, she broke into an open sob. Shiloh pushed herself off the couch, throwing the letter into the fire then placed the book back on the shelf. She returned to her bedroom. Loneliness plagued her. She did not want to be alone right now. In her mind, she reached out to Bastian, hoping he'd show himself to her or perhaps allow her some time with Ni'as. "Please talk to me, my Lord. I've tried to do everything you've wanted me to do. I just cannot condemn Vico. I have a feeling that I'm going to need him before this is all over. Please forgive me," she murmured, hoping he'd answer her. 

Silence greeted her. Shiloh sighed heavily, "I know I've displeased you. Please give me a chance to get back in your good graces."

White noise filled her head before fading to nothing. Shiloh curled in a ball, pulling the blankets over her. She sought solace in sleep where the pain she felt would no longer plague her, at least for a little while. 

O.O

Shiloh startled at the sound of heavy pounding. It took her a few moments to clear the cobwebs that cluttered her consciousness and realize what the noise was then where it was coming from. She stumbled out of bed then limped all the way to the door. Without opening it, she called, "Who is it?"

"Breakfast delivery," a male voice responded.

Shiloh's brow furrowed. She hadn't ordered any breakfast, surely if it was Chella that sent the food over, the portly woman would at least send someone with a voice she could clearly recognize. "I didn't order any breakfast. Who are you and what do you really want?"

"Ah, come on, you stupid haughty bitch, the food will soon be cold. Chella told me not to leave until you'd eaten it all."

"That still doesn't tell me who you are?" She asked as recognition of the voice dawned on her.

"I'm your favorite guard. Now open up before I let you starve," he retorted then kicked the door. A loud thump, a muttered curse and the sound of dishware rattling followed.

"Where did we meet for our rendezvous and who brought you into it?" She asked before unlocking the door.

She heard a soft chuckle, "Lenton Winter, Summer Lane," he replied.

Shiloh cracked the door, coming face to face with the handsome blond haired guard she'd once been intimate with. He flashed a smile then carried the tray up the stairs, following her to the table. "How'd you end up on delivery duty?"

"Chella has a full house this moment in the restaurant. I think the whole city decided to eat their morning meal at the Bear Pit. They're overwhelmed in the kitchen so she called Wesh and me down. We drew straws to decide who'd take Master Nathan's food to him and who would get to bring yours to you. I won. Of course, I never thought I'd be greeted with the sight of such beauty." His eyes took a long walk over her nude form.

Shiloh smirked, "It's not like you haven't seen it before, Warent."

"Lucky me," he grinned again. "Now be a good girl and eat."

Shiloh inspected what Chella had sent her. "How about you sit down and share this with me? Chella should know I won't eat all this."

"Maybe she thinks you need some fattening up. You're far too skinny. Your ribs and hip bones are sticking out," Warent pointed out as he sat across from her.

Shiloh looked down at her nude form. "The Dhorn didn't seem particularly concerned whether I had my meals before they tortured me. They locked me in a hellish cell with rats then didn't feed me for several days. I'll fill back out, but it'll take a while."

Lifting the covers off a few of the dishes, Warent inspected the contents. "Damn, she feeds you better than the customers. Hell, I'd even venture she feeds you better than the boss."

Shiloh wrinkled her nose at the plate of corned beef hash, eggs, ham, and biscuits then reached for the bowl of oatmeal. She then picked up the tureen of sugar and cream, adding each to the lumpy brown concoction. "Eat something!" She barked at Warent.

"You really are a haughty bitch, aren't you?" He lifted the plate containing the corned beef hash, poached eggs, and ham. 

"Yes, Warent, I am," she sneered at him. "More than you'll ever know."

He winked at her before tucking into the plate of food before him. "Damn, this is better than what the rest of us get! She really must think of you as her daughter!"

"I can't help she dotes on me. I never asked for it. I don't expect it and furthermore, I don't want to be treated any differently than anyone else," Shiloh retorted as her voice raised a few octaves.

"Truce, Shiloh," he spoke up as he watched her cheeks turn red.

Shiloh pinned him with an audacious stare, "Truce?" she questioned haughtily. "What's wrong, Warent? Can't you take the heat?"

He arched an eyebrow, "Yes, I can, Shiloh."

She nodded, "Good." She then flashed a smirk at him. "Can I ask you a question?"

"You just did," he guffawed. 

Shiloh let loose an exasperated sigh, "Forget it then!" She pushed away the bowl of oatmeal then left the table. Into her bedroom, she fled, flopping onto the bed.

She heard the chair scrape on the wooden floor then footsteps that grew louder as they grew closer. A floorboard near the bed squeaked, alerting her to his presence. The mattress gave as he sat next to her. "I'm sorry, Shiloh," he spoke softly, gently placing a hand on her lower back. "You can ask me anything you want."

She turned to face him with a serious expression on her face. "Why after our rendezvous did you start treating me like you did? What did I do?" Tears gathered in her eyes, threatening to spill.

"Ah, honey, don't cry. Please don't cry. I didn't mean to be a dick towards you. You want to know why. It was because I like you. You're beautiful. You're smart. You're probably everything a man could ever dream of in a woman, but I know what we had would never amount to more than a fling for many reasons. One, you are royalty. You are someone special. Two, Vico would kill me and three, if by some chance he didn't, the boss would demand I stay away from you." Warent replied truthfully, "That was honestly the greatest night of my life. A guy like me normally wouldn't stand a chance with a woman like you. So since I couldn't have you, I felt if I put you down I would feel better."

Shiloh gazed deep into his light blue eyes. "It was a wonderful night. I enjoyed it very much despite the revelations of why it was happening. As for Vico, I've proven to him I am at least his equal. I beat him in a fair fight. I do what I want when I want with whom I want. The same can be said for the boss. Nathan knows how I feel about his off-limits decree. He will not dictate to me whom I can and can't fuck!"

Warent shook his head, "Shiloh, you're a beautiful woman. Men will always be interested in you. Don't cheapen yourself by giving your body to every man you meet. You are better than that."

Shiloh's cheeks grew red with anger, "I don't give my body to every man I meet. I give my body to those I want," she said with emphasis, "and right now I'm lonely. I have no one," she murmured as the anger drained from her face then she turned away, facing the wall.

"What about Rhys?"

She shook her head, "It's over. He left me a 'Dear Shiloh' letter."

"Then he's stupid for giving someone as exquisite as you up so easily," he scoffed then shook his head as well. "What about that guy Tony brought in with him?"

"Essex, you mean," she replied then shrugged her shoulders. "He is just a fling; he's not the type to settle down."

"Neither am I, Shiloh, if that's where this is going. We could fuck, but that's all it'd ever amount to and it'd have to be in secret. No one could know."

"Why?"

"For the same reasons I gave you a few minutes ago. Just because you are over Vico doesn't mean a damn thing to him. He still believes you belong to him, despite all the denials, all the fighting. We all know the score. Truthfully, I like my balls and everything else exactly where it is... attached to my body." Warent quipped, "I won't gamble with that."

"Fine, get the fuck out, you ill-bred coward! Take the tray with you," Shiloh barked angrily. "Don't you dare come back here ever again!!? Chella can send someone else to deliver my meals!"

Warent rubbed his face, "I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to upset you," his voice taking on a soothing tone.

Shiloh glared at him. Her eyes narrowed as she watched him walk out of her bedroom. How dare he turn her down!?!? "You'll be mine if it's the last thing I do," she whispered to herself. 

She heard the dishes rattle as he put them on the tray. She bounded from the bed then returned to the table, watching him stack the dishes. 

"Warent, please don't go. Please don't leave me alone. I need you," she purred softly. She wedged herself between him and the table.

He sighed heavily, trying his best not to touch her, "We can't, Shiloh."

"Yes, we can. It doesn't matter if it's just a fling; it's our secret. I rather prefer it that way," she replied before she nibbled on his neck then rubbed his growing erection with the palm of her hand. "We could fuck right here on the table. All we'd need to do is open your pants. I know you want to fuck me. I can see your lust for me. I can feel it hot and hard pressing against me. I need this. Please don't make me beg."

Warent pulled away from her then backed towards the door, his hands in the air at shoulder level as he headed for the door. "No, Shiloh, I'm not going to fuck you."

Shiloh screamed in frustration, watching him leave. She stalked to her couch then lay down on it. "Please, Bastian, hear me. Help me. All this lust is building up inside me with no one to share it. Send me Ni'as. Relieve me of what I feel. I need you," she begged.

Heat blossomed within her. Wetness coated her channel and tingling sensations gathered deep within. She groaned raggedly then ran her hands down the front of her body. She combed them through the sparse patch of light hair that topped her pussy lips then spread them open. She skimmed her fingers over her clit, delighting in the surge of pleasure that zinged through her. She rubbed it gently before dipping into her wetness. Her fingers breached her channel, sliding in and out, while rubbing her clit. 

Shiloh moaned as her hips jerked. Need claimed her. She slipped three slender fingers between her warm, wet lips and groaned. Doubling her efforts on her clit with her thumb, she stroked it into oblivion. She whimpered as she crested in orgasm. 

Tears rolled down her cheeks and she cried out to Bastian. Her play hadn't helped her predicament. It stoked the flames of her lust higher; leaving her just as desperate and needy as before. 

"FUCK!"" she screamed then hobbled into her bedroom. She curled into a ball, once again seeking solace in sleep. Perhaps Ni'as would come to her in her dreams.

O.O

After napping for a few hours, Shiloh crawled out of bed, determined that the next male that showed up with her food would fuck her. Her need would be quenched. With that determination, she quickly bathed, coifed her hair then buffed her nails before applying a coat of blood red polish. Next, she artfully applied her makeup, using it to further enhance her beauty. Finally, she donned her red and gold armor, using its glamered effect to make it look like a red leather mini-dress with a plunging neckline, which emphasized her bountiful cleavage. 

As the mantle clock chimed the noon hour, she sat down on her couch to await the arrival of her lunch. She hoped the Bear Pit was still busy so Chella would have to send one of the guards. She knew Warent wouldn't be coming back. She cursed him for turning her down. Her thoughts swirled. She'd never looked twice at Wesh before. Perhaps now was the time to do so... if Wesh delivered her meal.

A gentle knock at the door came, Shiloh bounded down the stairs to answer it. She didn't bother with formalities this time. She cracked the door then peaked out. Her elation plummeted as she caught sight of Trissa. She sighed then let her in. She followed Trissa to the table.

"Look at you," Trissa sneered, "All dolled up and no one to screw."

"Says who?" Shiloh retorted, lifting the cover from her plate of food. She perused the contents. She curled her lips at the sight of the roast chicken, boiled potatoes, and mixed vegetables swimming in a creamy sauce. "Take this back. Tell Chella this fatty food doesn't tempt my palate."

"My, my, aren't we haughty? She gives you the best and you turn your nose up at it. I guess Warent turning you down really must've pissed you off," Trissa taunted. 

"You must be delusional. I don't know what you're talking about," Shiloh shot back.

"He's been seeing Nelina. When he returned, she knew another woman had been all over him. She told me what happened. She wasn't too happy about it either. I'd be on my guard if I were you, the next time you go in the Bear Pit. She just might skewer you to the wall with her sword."

Shiloh laughed in Trissa's face, "If you think I'm scared of a guard then you don't know me very well."

Trissa smirked at her. "You just wait until I tell Vico what you've been up to. He'll listen to me. We've been fucking regularly. He's the best I've ever had, and I aim to keep him. He'll put you in your place."

"You can tell Vico all you want. I'm not afraid of him, either. Now take those trays and get out. Don't come back!" Shiloh retorted then marched to the door. She opened it, watching as Trissa piled the plates onto one of the trays then carried them out.

Shiloh slammed the door behind her. She impatiently tapped her foot on the floor. Surely there had to be a man around willing to take care of her needs. Opening her door, she slipped down the stairs, shutting it behind her. Crossing the building foyer, she glanced at the door opposite of hers then smiled. Now might be a good time to meet her neighbor. She hoped she had a handsome male neighbor who lived there alone, and would be taken by her beauty. 

She knocked on the door loudly, recalling how she'd never seen or heard anyone come in or out of this apartment in all the time she'd lived in the building. She waited a few moments before knocking a second time. Hope plummeted as she heard nothing. She let out an exasperated sigh then knocked a final time. 

She gasped as the door opened; a middle-aged man peered out at her. Her eyes flicked over his rugged features, zeroing in on the scar that ran the length of his face from his brow to his chin. She backed up a bit, letting her eyes wander down his muscular chest to his thick thighs. Tiny briefs covered his groin. 

"What do you want?" His eyes flashed as a low growl slipped from his lips.

Her eyes met his; she smiled wickedly. "I live across from you. I just wanted to meet my neighbor. Have I come at a bad time?"

"You could say that. Your incessant pounding woke me," he spat angrily. 

"Perhaps there's something I can do to make that up to you, my good man," she purred, taking a step closer. She stretched her hand out, letting her fingers dance upon his abdomen. "I'm Shiloh and you are?"

"Theros," he growled, grasping hold of her, dragging her into the room then slammed the door shut behind her. Lifting her, he threw her over his shoulder, carrying her into his bedroom then proceeded to toss her onto the bed. "You want to make it up to me, slut. Get on your hands and knees." 

Shiloh hastily removed her glamered armor, tossing it to the floor. She did as he ordered, getting into position on her hands and knees. She spread her legs wide, revealing her pink puckered back door and dripping wet slit. She could feel her clit swelling, her pink lips plumping as blood engorged them. She groaned, rubbing her hardened nipples against the blanket covering the bed. 

She glanced back over her shoulder at him then moaned low in her throat at the sight of him stroking his cock through the fabric of his smallclothes. "Please, fuck me," she begged then spread wider, shoving her bottom higher into the air.
