 "Thank you all for coming today," Quaesi announced into a speaker system that reverberated through the room. Idle chatter had ceased at this point, and all eyes were intently focused on the experimentor and his experimentee. Larissa sat in the center of the room, restrained and patiently waiting for Quaesi. 

"Today we will begin a series of experiments concerning this human female, and her surroundings, in order to determine if it is possible to accelerate the evolutionary growth of a species. While we would like to apply this to our own species, recent laws have made the experimentation of any member of our race, dead or alive, illegal." A chill blew through the audience as memories of a series of failed experiments came to the minds of most audience members. "It does not do well to dwell on the past. Only by learning from the past can we correct the future. Experimentation on humans is still allowed, subject to approval that we received prior to beginning this expedition. While attaining consent was not possible, we have ensured that every step of this process, no matter how long it takes, will be a pleasant and satisfying experience for any subject involved."

A slight smile creeped onto Larissa's face upon hearing about her satisfaction. Her mind was not able to consciously process what she heard; most of her actions were driven by a carnal, sexual need derived from her pussy.

"The human subject, named Larissa in Earth's English language," continued Quaesi, "was injected with an experimental solution from our Advanced Submersible Long-Term Probe. The injection was not scheduled to take place for quite some time, but the circumstances behind her injection were optimal in order to proceed. Remotely canceling the effects of the injection was possible, but not considered in light of what could be achieved." A variety of alien heads nodded in agreement as Quaesi spoke. 

"Now, approximately three Earth days after her initial injection, she has been brought here for a full physical examination in order to determine her current and potential abilities.

"At present, you can see that most of her evolutionary advances have manifested themselves in the form of sexual features, including her breasts, vaginal area, and general physique. The purpose of this exhibition will be to explore why that may have occurred, what its far-reaching affects are, and if it can be reproduced at a later date."

Quaesi turned around and put on a variety of medical safety clothing, including a face mask, gloves, a smock, and goggles. An earpiece microphone would announce Quaesi's observations as he assessed Larissa's body. Warm light shone down on her, illuminating everything in a calm but sharp light.

Quaesi sat on a hoverchair, and would be able to position himself at whatever angle he deemed necessary. Larissa could similarly be repositioned as was required of her body. Quaesi hovered to her vaginal area, and removed the long-forgotten dildo from her snatch. It came out with a long slurp, and and was carefully placed inside an opaque chamber. The pussy juices and other materials on it would be analyzed automatically while Quaesi worked. A specula was inserted into Larissa's pussy, which opened up to reveal what remained of the banana that had been shoved in there earlier.

"Subject shows the ability to stretch her vaginal cavity both vertically and horizontally in levels greater than are average for mature human females. Beginning vaginal enema to clean out this cavity." Two twin hoses were inserted into Larissa's pussy; one carried warm water deep inside her body. The other was a vacuum to retrieve any offending particle or crumb; this refuse would later be analyzed for any anomalies. A combination of water, pussy juice, and small bits of banana were removed from Larissa's body. The sensation was a pleasant one for Larissa, but she was prevented from coming by some unseen force.

"Subject's vagina can withstand a material length of twenty-four centimeters. A larger object of length will now be inserted to test for physical girth." The hoses were removed from her pussy, and a thick hollow tube was inserted in its place. Larissa moaned loudly, piercing the silence of the room, although she was not allowed to cum. The tube continued to slide inside her pussy until her moans became mixed with those of pleasure and pain. "Subject can withstand an object of over thirty centimeters deep before showing signs of pain. Switching to her posterior entrance to measure its potency."

The tube was slowly removed from her pussy. Following suit, Larissa's feet extended further from the table, as they were strapped to two stirrups, and her body became mostly flat. Her body began to rotate horizontally; her previous headrest retracted from behind her, and a new one greeted her face and framed it gently. A strap was attached around the back of her neck, further immobilizing her. Due to the way she was restrained, Larissa was now hanging from the table instead of laying on top of it. Various straps prevented her from falling to the floor. A window in her chair opened up near her ass, and her body was bent to have her ass sticking out from the window. 

The weakly inserted anal dildo was removed from Larissa's anus. Having been cleaned off, the tube from before was inserted into Larissa's ass, causing an O to form on both her anus and mouth. Quaesi firmly pressed down on the tube, while monitoring any possible reaction on Larissa's part. Her body began to tense from the girth of the tube at thirty centimeters deep, at which point the tube ceased to move. 

Instead of being immediately removed, however, Quaesi attached another hose to the end of the tube, and pressed a button on the console nearest him. A transparent gel began to flow into Larissa's anus, filling her body in ways she didn't know where possible. A tube identical to the one in her anus, but from a distinct hose, was inserted into Larissa's pussy, where it stopped at thirty centimeters. Shortly after her filling began, gel began to flow out the hose inserted into her pussy. However, this gel was clouded with Larissa's sexual juices, in addition to other compounds. "I am initiating a total cleansing of the subject's reproductive system. It is essential that everything be pure in order to proceed any further." As time elapsed, the juice flowing out of Larissa's pussy began to get clearer and less opaque as her body continued to be cleaned.

As Larissa hung there, Quaesi moved to the front of her body in order to examine her beasts. At this point, they were larger than average for women her age, and were strained from the amount of milk being withheld inside. Quaesi handled Larissa's breasts with expert movements and ministrations; she still could not cum no matter how much she tried, and the ongoing groping of her breasts did not help. Larissa became lost in a sexual haze once more, as her lower torso was purged and her boobs received the love that they so desired. This haze was broken by twin vacuum sensations on her nipples, as her creamy milk was finally extracted from her milk jugs and stored for later research.

The analysis of her pussy juices had concluded, revealing a much higher than normal level of hormones and chemicals released as a result of sex inside of her pussy juice. Due to the advanced level of technology available to Quaesi, he was able to determine that Larissa was not sexually active prior to this venture. The loss of her virginity, compounded with the potency of the chemicals, was sending her body into a sexual overdrive. This was conveyed to the audience members, who expressed a manner of curiosity and excitement. 

Larissa's cleaning had finished; everything below her hips and above her thighs had been cleaned and would be ready for anything. The tubes were removed from her orifices, allowing copious amounts of gel to leak from both holes. Shortly thereafter, her breasts were relieved of their milk supply, and the cups were removed from her body. The examination table began to reposition itself to return Larissa to her seated position. As she did so, Quaesi described his findings to the audience members.

"In response to the chemicals that were administered to the subject several days ago, her body has experienced a significantly increased production in hormones. Furthermore, various bodily fluids indicate a sustained level of oxytocin throughout her bloodstream, her milk glands, and reproductive system." The physiology of Quaesi's race was very similar to that of Earth humans; to that end, many organs and chemicals in their bodies were the same, and performed similar if not identical functions. "Oxytocin is normally only released by the brain just prior to an orgasm, and is associated with lactation in females. However, it is not meant to persist in large amounts for very long, and is not normally present in the bloodstream. Its existence in the subject's blood suggests an extreme sexual height in order to prepare for significant bodily changes."

Screens above the central podium displayed simulated images of what Larissa, in her nude form, looked like before her transformation began, and her current state. "Notice how a significant amount of growth has occurred in areas normally relating to sexual activities, including her posterior, vagina, and hips. Fat from other areas of her body was burned in order to redistribute weight to other areas of her body.

"The administered drug's intention was to rectify potential problems in the host, and improve their mental and physical physique to become the pinnacle of that species. While we have achieved the physical aspect with this subject, the mental effects were not properly expressed. The intended effect was for her to have a genius level intellect, and a capacity for a much higher state of learning. Instead, her mind appears to have degraded in a sexual haze, compounded by the hormones and oxytocin that has ravaged her body.

"Fortunately, she is still of use to us. Her body is close to achieving a form of homeostasis in which her oxytocin production will flatten out. While still being at an extremely high level than is average for human females, she would not experience significant changes to her mind or body, unless we were to enact that change externally. Furthermore, this drug could have potential benefits in...other industries."

Smirks were traded with people across the room, but nothing else of that was spoken. Quaesi opened the floor to questions, addressing several technical or logistical questions in the beginning. One question topped them all, however.

"Have you acquired the subject's consent to this experimentation? Has she expressed any interest or happiness with what is being done to her?"

"Our attempts at communicating with her have been unsuccessful as of late, primarily due to the lack of mental stability. It was our intention to ask her after her body had been analyzed and cleansed. If she does not consent, her body will be purged of all foreign drugs, her memories of this experience will be erased, if she so chooses, and we will revert any physical change to her mind and body. If she does consent, we would also take into account any specific requests that she would make in order to make this as pleasant of an experience for her as possible."

"To that end, I will administer her the necessary medicine to bring her conscious mind to all of us here. That way, she can make as informed of a decision as possible." As Quaesi administered the drug, he was relieved that he had been questioned about her consenting to this procedure. Because of the nature in which she became a subject, Larissa did not have the ability to explicitly consent to any of this. This would be the only chance for her to have any say in her future. 

--

Larissa slowly woke from her sex-crazed stupor. She had been an unwilling victim, a passenger in her own body, to everything that had happened so far. However, Larissa also felt everything that was going on, even if she couldn't control herself. Every orgasm, every penetration was absolute euphoria. While she didn't ask for any of this...Larissa had to admit that it felt nice.

"Larissa...Can you hear me?" Quaesi spoke with a universal translator that converted his language into English. Larissa's voice would also be translated into Quaesi's native language for him and everyone else to hear.

"Yeah...I can." Larissa tested the strengths of her bondage, confirming her absolute restraint. It was comfortable, but felt a little weird. "I heard most of what you guys were saying, about me...Consenting. Going along with all this stuff." 

"And?" "And...I'm fine with you doing this stuff. What you plan to do with fixing people is...cool. And I'm OK with being your test subject. But I have some requests, since you guys seem to have the ability to do...whatever you want."

"Anything you want or need, we will be able to provide."

A rush of fantasies and dreams floated through Larissa's head. Anything? Even for an alien race, there needed to be some upper limit...Only one way to find out, though. 

"I want to be taken care of really well. I don't just mean giving me an orgasm, but, like, taking care of me like a child, maybe. I want to be nurtured. Coddled, even. Loved...

"I don't want to be one-hundred percent conscious either. I want to stay in that haze that I was in. Make my decisions for me. Do whatever you think is best. Hell, you can even read my mind if you wanna figure out what I really want. But I don't want to have to worry about it or make the wrong decision. Just do what's best for me.

"I want someone who can be, like, a mother to me. My own mom was...absent, a lot of the time, so I never really got too much love from her. I'd like that and more.

"And...I want to be able to go back to my old life after this is over. Sure, I wouldn't mind keeping some of these changes, but I don't want to have to worry about that now. I just want to be able to come out the other side just all right.

"Did all of that make sense?

The alien audience members were discussing among themselves, but Quaesi spoke above them all. "Everything you said should be possible. I'll begin the necessary processes down in your home, but we can begin some of your requests right now...

With the press of another needle, Larissa returned to her sexual haze. Her eyes widened and mouth opened. "For the purposes of this operation, I will need to render the subject totally unconscious. This will ensure that the bulk of her requests may be adequately fulfilled." A great white light filled Larissa's vision, and everything faded away...