 This is my first story of this genre. Comments and feedback are appreciated and welcome. I hope you enjoy the story.

--

Larissa closed the last drawer in her dresser, relieved that she had finally done it. It had taken a lot of convincing, patience, overtime work at the coffee shop, and planning, but she had gotten the keys to her parents' summer home to relax and unwind before her freshman year of college. Larissa wanted to create distance between the end of her high school career and the beginning of her college life. The ending of her childhood and the beginning of her adulthood.

And what better way to do that than to unwind in the scenic Adirondack Mountains? Her family had had a home here for as long as she could remember, and it was surrounded by miles of forestry and mountains. The nearest evidence of civilization lay many miles away; while Larissa would not be able to see them from her home, climbing any of the various peaks that surrounded her would give her an all-access view to the town, and many others across the horizon.

Having arrived at the house a short time ago, she unpacked her bags and put them into her drawers. The electricity and cable had been turned on several days prior to her arrival. Her parents, who were moderately wealthy but not filthy rich, had hired a cleaning service to ensure that the house was spotless and well-furnished prior to her arrival. Cable internet, television, air conditioning, and a washer & dryer ensured she would still be able to do the basics, while she'd need to go down into town every once in a while to get groceries. It was a modern bastion in the middle of nature. Larissa had already gotten a month's worth of food until she would need to go down again. She'd be here, alone, for the next two and a half months until she began school in late August.

Larissa wanted to be with her parents for at least a week or so, but not much longer than that, before heading to school for the long haul. She loved her parents, but they were sometimes a little too loving, almost helicopter parents but not quite. They insisted on calling her once a week, but negotiated to a call only once every two weeks unless there was an emergency.

Larissa didn't have many friends; most of the people she was close to in school were acquaintances at best. What few friends she had were even lower on the social totem pole than she was; while Larissa was good in a little bit of everything, the people who socialized with her had very little in the way of social skills or defining features. She was caught in a grey social area where she neither cool nor uncool. People tolerated her at the least, respected her at best. 

She had no major love life, and one of the reasons she had decided to take this trip was to avoid the temptation of summer loves that she would never be able to keep heading into college. Larissa would be attending a Californian university in the fall, and no one else from her high school would be in attendance, nor at any school near it. This would allow her to go into school with a fresh start, to choose how her new peers would perceive her going into the new school year. And that's how she wanted it. 

Not that there was much to reinvent, physically. Larissa's body was slightly curvaceous and trim; pretty enough to have heads turn toward her, but not pretty enough to hold them there. Her breasts weren't much, and were barely large enough to necessitate a bra. Similarly, her ass only had a little curve to it, and wasn't made for eye-candy. Larissa planned to work out over the summer and lose weight, maybe trim some of the baby fat that never seemed to go away, and add some size to her breasts and butt, if at all possible. A rather large pond behind the house drew freshwater from the mountains, and made for an excellent swimming area during the hot summer months ahead. Doing a few laps every day would help her exercise and stay hydrated for the duration of her stay.

Which is just what she decided to do after making sure everything else was in order. She pulled out a bathing suit that she'd bought just before coming here, a two-piece suit covered in blue and white stripes, and changed into it. Although she had considered going naked, she still wanted to maintain some aspect of her sensibility, and didn't identify as an exhibitionist at all. "Just because I could doesn't mean I should," Larissa rationalized.

Walking out the back porch of her house, she looked around her to admire the scenery. A large mountain lay to the north, with its peak several hundred feet above her. To the west lay the town she had come through, although it was out of sight (and, more importantly, out of mind). The south and east bore an endless plain of trees, built into rolling hills and tundra. She'd spend the perfect summer here, reading her books, aimlessly browsing the web, watching TV, and choosing to do whatever she wanted until real life came crashing down again. Until then, Larissa would do as she chose, not as she was told.

She came to the edge of the pond, pausing for a moment to admire it. The heat of the day made the air still and humid, and the pond was a glassy blue, as if it were tantalizing her. Larissa dipped her toe in the water, feeling its cool embrace in contrast to the sticky, humid clench around her. She stood up and jumped right in, shattering the glass and entering a world of coolness and water. The water was crystal clear, and she could look underwater for short periods of time without hurting her eyes too much. Coming back to the surface after a few seconds underneath, she swam to the shore and caught her breath. Although the water was clear, she couldn't see all the way to the bottom. She had no idea how deep it was, although she hadn't remembered it being as dark at the bottom as it had in the past.

Dunking her head under again, she thought she saw something moving down there, but wasn't too sure as it was still a dark blue. Ignoring her slight suspicion, Larissa swam to the center of the pond and took in the sights around her again. She waded in the middle, thinking back on how much resistance and gentle coaxing her parents gave her against this whole trip. Her parents had wanted her to go to Europe and travel there, seeing the sights and doing something fun. What it took her a long time to explain was that this was her definition of fun; things like the Eiffel Tower or sightseeing in London didn't excite her or compel her. Doing this, doing what she wanted to do, was fun as it could get for her. And it was perfect. 

Lost in thought, she didn't immediately notice something grazing the bottom of her feet. It wasn't holding onto her, but just rubbing itself on her, testing to see what would happen, looking for a reaction. Being a little risky, it began to wrap itself around her left and right leg, holding them separately while still keeping her afloat. 

A single chord shot up from the bottom, where the other restraints had originated from, and shot something through her bathing suit and into her vagina. It was microscopic in size, but incredibly advanced in design, weaving through the fibers and fabrics that protected her erogenous zone, until it enlarged slightly and entered her virgin pussy. Being shocked out of her stupor, she realized her legs were being held, and kicked wildly, sending the tentacles away and back to the bottom. Larissa swam with a speed she didn't know she had to the edge of the pond, and climbed up to the shore, curling up into a ball to try and figure out what happened. What were those things doing? Is there something down there? Did it do something to me? She hadn't felt the penetration, but had felt something happen which caused her adrenaline to rush and realize that something was amiss. Taking a few minutes to gather her thoughts, she contemplated calling her parents to tell them about what had happened. After a long time in thought, sitting in the grass under the sun, she decided against it. As long as it hadn't hurt her, she was fine and shouldn't worry about it. If it happened again, she'd call her parents and tell her that there was...something in the pond. Larissa was trying not to overreact and make a bigger deal out of it than it was. She did not want to have to leave this paradise on the first day. Resigning herself to less aquatic means of cooling off, she walked back into the house in order to take a shower and change into something dry.

--

Far away, beyond Earth but within a few day's reach by starship, a scientist was sitting behind the panel of his computer, extremely advanced by Earth standards but average for this laboratory. He was a member of this vessel's experimentation department, and was tasked with communicating between the various procedures and tests that were occurring across the Milky Way. This alien race did not call it the Milky Way, though it was labeled as such under various exploration textbooks.

A high-priority notice came up on the scientist's screen, having originated from the planet Sol-3, and opened it in order to see what this was about. There was only one ongoing experiment there, and it hadn't been scheduled to begin for several more of Sol-3's solar cycles. Whatever had happened was unexpected, hopefully for the best.

The report detailed that the first payload had been successfully delivered in an appropriate Sol-3 human, an eighteen-year-old female. After determining that she would be compatible with the experimental device, it was delivered into the closest available opening. As the female retaliated, it was confirmed that the device had entered her body and would begin the bonding process within one day. The female was released, and she retreated into her home, while the delivery mechanism laid in wait.

Printing out the report, the scientist rushed from his desk and ran through various winding hallways of the starship. For a scientific monitoring station, it was one of the larger models of its kind but was not large enough to warrant teleportation modules. This was frustrating at times, especially times such as this.

While he ran, the scientist, named Quaesi, used his communicator to ping his superior in order to alert her of this finding. As he came to a stop outside her door, he politely knocked and waited, with no indication of his being out of breath or at all deterred by his one-hundred meter run. The door silently slid open, two halves gliding to the left and right to reveal the scientist's superior, High Scientist Culme.

Looking at Quaesi, it was easy to mistake him for a Sol-3 human. While they resembled the native species physically, they were superior in intellect, strength, and form. Having achieved new heights in technology and science, the Aedes race had unified the many parts of their species under one banner (quite peacefully at that), and taken to the stars in the name of exploration and invention. This current vessel, hundreds of lightyears from home but a slipspace jump away, was in charge of administering and monitoring various experiments and tests in this sector of the galaxy. One such test, a selective evolutionary device, had been planted on Earth, but wasn't intended to be activated for several Sol-3 years so as to ascertain the Earthlings' potency. The fact that that not only were these Earthlings compatible with their experiment, but that it had already begun, was breathtaking and would cause a shift in everything else on the ship. 

While Culme had many superiors, they often held her in high regard for her intellect, charm, and wisdom. Quaesi delivered the report to Culme, who cursorily glanced at the report for the most important parts. She confirmed what she had thought: the experiment on Earth could proceed as planned, ahead of schedule and under budget, which was just how she liked things.

"Dispatch a carrier to the experiment's location and seal off the area. I'd like both spatial and temporal displacement in and around everything within fifty meters of the area." She spoke in an alien language that was the root of Earth's Latin language, but had long since evolved into something much more. Scientists had, long ago, interacted with these Earthlings at a much more ancient point in their history, and given them a great deal of knowledge that had woven itself into the planetary culture. "But do not rush to get there. I want to allow the experiment to occur for a little bit without your interaction. Once the bonding process is further along, and the female has changed more, feel free to do with her what you wish, but make sure that she is happy and complacent at all times. If you feel it is necessary, you can also recruit another specimen or two. However, I would like to avoid what happened to the Gemini scientists who let their experiments, all one hundred and eighty-six of them, die painful deaths as a result of poorly controlled science." The damage control from that disaster was still ongoing, even decades later. Time was meaningless in the long run for the Aedis race; no one had died under the age of five-hundred and twenty-two years old in quite some time, and the memories of what had happened long ago were fresh in the minds of everyone on the ship. This was their chance to make things right, even if it was on an extremely smaller scale. The results of the experiment would have much greater ramifications for Aedis science and medicine, no matter the result.

"Of course, High Scientist. Everything will be managed with the best intentions for all involved. I'll give orders to ship 452A, along with my crew, as soon as you wish," replied Quaesi.

"Wait two of their days, at least for the bonding process to be further along. We'll be able to see how it progresses from here, which will inform us of how fast or slow it is progressing. If things are moving fast, you have permission to contain the area and do as you wish. If the experiment is taking its time, I would much rather wait and observe from a distance to avoid any prying eyes, domestic or otherwise."

"Absolutely; we'll be waiting on your command."

--

Larissa walked out of her bedroom, having changed into drier clothes, and grabbed her book in order to sit outside for a little bit. Having been robbed of her peaceful swim, she resigned herself to reading for a little bit in a hanging chair in the middle of the field between the house and the pond. At least here she would be able to keep her distance from whatever it was that had groped her in the pool. She definitely hadn't imagined it...Her legs were still sore from where she had been grabbed, and her body felt weird. She wasn't sure if that was the leftover shock or something else, but all Larissa cared about now was rest and relaxation. Throwing herself into the chair, she popped open her book, a science fiction novel, and began to read, even in the heat of the afternoon.

It had been an hour since the capsule had entered her body. It nestled itself deep within her body, positioning itself so that it could not come out accidentally. Microscopic secretions and signals informed her body that this capsule was neither an intruder nor an enemy. Once situated, ultrathin tendrils were expelled from the capsule's core, reaching all parts of her body, out to her hands and feet. Various cords attached themselves to her brain, taking care to be firm but not forceful as it began to change the rest of the body. Once the brain was under control, everything else was simpler. The brain was the control center for everything else in the body; for this experiment, it was necessary to have a firm hold over the brain in order to change the body. However, many of the changes that would take place would be done in the unconscious spectrum, and would appear as self-conceived by the specimen unless otherwise directed.

Larissa felt nothing but that old tingling that she had written off as old anxiety; she was trying to calm down while her body gave her every reason not to. She continued to lounge in the afternoon sun, unaware of what was happening to her. As Larissa read her literature, the capsule read her brain, as if it too was a book, processing everything in her mind in seconds: her memories, her thoughts, her secrets, and things she hadn't even known she was thinking of. This all became common knowledge to the capsule. The information from her brain was relayed to the central capsule, which communicated with the larger organism at the bottom of her pond. This capsule was simply a piece in a much larger game, where Larissa's body was the playing field.

As her mind became known, it came to light that the strongest part of her mind was the desire for change and growth from how she saw herself. It was deduced that this human was not happy with who she was, being normal and more-or-less forgettable. She wanted to be remembered in good ways, by her family and friends. She also wanted to be remembered in more sensual ways, a component that had been lacking throughout her life. It was rather fitting, then, that this experiment would be a win-win situation for both the experimenter and subject.

The capsule decided to speed up the changing process in order to satiate this specimen and accelerate what might normally take two weeks would now take only a few hours. After everything was processed and organized in a way that could be used later, the experiment continued with a cacophony changes to Larissa's mind and body. 

The heat bore down on Larissa's body, causing her to sweat profusely. While the air temperature hadn't changed, her body was sweating more and being given the impression that it was, indeed, much hotter than it really was. Larissa felt a temperature of a scorching 105 degrees Fahrenheit, while the air temperature around her sat at a peachy 79 degrees. She began panting in order to try to get some air into her, and got out from her chair in order to try to cool off. It wasn't working as she had liked, and she only got hotter.

Walking back into the house, she chugged a couple glasses of water with some ice, but to no avail. The heat ravished her body, even though the air inside the house was a cool 68 degrees. And that's just what the A/C control said, too. But Larissa was baking on the inside, overcome with heat. She only had two options: One, go back into the lake, which she was hesitant to do given what had just happened; or two, take a shower to see if that might provide some temporary cold. Peeling off her clothes, she jumped in the shower and was rewarded with cold, refreshing water. She got on her knees in the shower stall, relishing the coldness as it permeated throughout her body. Larissa hadn't felt this good since...ever. It was nice to sit there, naked, in the shower, even if it was a little chilly.

Feeling rejuvenated, she turned off the shower and grabbed her towel in order to dry off. Wrapping it around her, the heat came back to her body, flooding her body and making her sweat. "What's wrong with me?" she thought; "Do I have a stomach bug or something?" she walked back to her room and dropped her towel, only to find the heat go with it. Now she became curious. She picked up the towel and wrapped it around her torso, only to feel that part of her body grow in heat until she released the towel. "It's probably just the heat, I'll be fine without clothes," Larissa thought as she dropped the towel and walked back through her house. The temperature had now returned to normal, and Larissa felt much better as she walked outside where the heat had dimmed down significantly. The grass tickled the bottoms of her feet as she walked back to her chair, with the sun gracing her nude body. Leaning back into the cushion around the chair, she picked up her book and began to read again.

She'd been reading a romance novel, and had stopped just after the main character, Rose, had gotten into bed for the night. Rose was notorious for masturbating herself to sleep, and this time was no exception. Every motion, every movement of Rose's hand was eloquently described as her nude form lay in bed. Larissa found her own hand rubbing her pussy, feeling her pussy lips and the juices inside. She fiddled with her clit, rubbing and massaging it, relishing in the pleasurable wave that she was riding. Her body was sweating profusely not because of the heat, but because she was going into heat. The book dropped to the ground underneath Larissa, forgotten but for the pleasure that she needed to experience. She NEEDED this. Her fingers worked furiously in an attempt to satisfy her need. Larissa could feel it coming. The cliff, the edge of the orgasm she was racing towards, she could FEEL IT COMING. 
