 Adi slowly awoke to the buzz of wings about her. She remembered quickly where she was when she caught sight of 3 of the pixies fluttering above her. Wait, weren't there 4 of the little guys? Feeling a warm sensation between her legs she glanced down and saw the little bastard with his dick prodding her pussy lips. Backing away she stood up and swatted at the pixies around her. These guys just didn't let up. "Wait, wait I didn't get my turn!" He cried out.

"Your turn what are you talking about?" Adi asked incredulously.

"They all got to but I didn't." It pouted 

Adi looked down and noticed streams of cum slowly running down her legs. They had been fucking her when she was asleep! "Listen here you little cock suckers don't you even think about doing that again!" She yelled at them.

But they just giggled and whizzed around her, half erect members hanging between their legs. Just then her stomach growled loudly and the little guys laughed "Hungry?" they asked. She was in fact, having only swallowed cum in the last 48 hours. "Yes actually I am what can I eat around here?" She asked looking around at the bizarre foliage.

The pixie that had been about to slip his dick into her when she awoke brightened and flew up to her face, "Here I give you something!" He exclaimed happily while shoving his quickly hardening cock in her face.

Adi swatted him away, "No way little man."

Momentarily dejected he said, "You have to suck something to eat here, see." He walked over to a short stalky plant with a single long stock jutting out form a little bush of leaves and branches. Like everything else in the cave it had a phallic shape with a bulging head capping the thick stock. He licked the head of the stalk and immediately a red fruit shaped like a banana sprouted out growing a couple inches from the head. He broke the fruit off and devoured it. "See, no sucky, no eat." He said with a giggle

Skeptically she walked over to the plant and touched it lightly with her index finger. This place was strange and she didn't really want to suck a plant but she had to eat and the pixie had only licked it once before the fruit had sprouted. Getting down on all fours she sniffed the thing. It smelled sweat and almost immediately after taking in the sweet fragrance she felt both intoxicated and horny. Strange she thought to herself, must be an aphrodisiac. Oh well, with her inhibitions down slightly she carefully licked the tips of the plant. Nothing happened, no fruit. She looked back at the pixies who had assembled themselves behind her questioningly. "You have to suck like you did to us other time." One said happily. "We have magic, you have to make it happy!" Another chimed in. 

Fucking ridiculous she thought to herself but again she needed to eat and the fragrant plant called to her. So she slowly put her lips around the plants bulbous head and began to twirl her tongue around. A bit of the fruit pushed it's way out and Adi knew it was working. The juices of the fruit tasted great and Adi took more of the plant in her mouth. Suddenly she felt hands on her butt and felt the head of one of the enormous pixie cocks push into her inviting pussy. It felt good and Adi honestly didn't want it to stop but she hadn't asked to be fucked so she decided to make the little guy inching his way inside her to stop. As she began to remove her sticky lips from the stalk of the plant Adi noticed dozens of little tentacles grow out of the base of the plant. When she took her lips away the tentacles immediately shot into action. They roped around the back of her head and neck and firmly yanked her back towards the waiting head of the plant, which was bulging with fruit.

So surprised by the sudden forceful movement Adi screamed and found herself with the plants bulging member forced down her throat. The sudden action made her fall forward and she felt the 9 inch cock plunge all the way up her sopping wet hole. The pixie surprised by the action held on for the ride. The plant was thicker then most cocks Adi had sucked and much more forceful. It fucked her face without mercy pulling her head down almost to the ground and then releasing her only slightly to get some air. 

She tried to get her balance flaying with her legs but she slipped on the wet grass and fell flat on her stomach. The pixie fell on her forcefully burying his cock as deep as possible. Giggling the little guy happily rode her like a bucking bronco. Apparently the plant life around here didn't take no for an answer. With each constriction of the vines Adi felt the fruit grow a little longer and with each thrust from the pixie she grew more and more horny until she found herself pushing her ass into the little man greedily trying to fit more of the member inside her. Finally after a couple of minuets the plant was sated and it released her from its grip. Exhausted Adi collapsed on her stomach with the prize fruit clutched between her breasts. The pixie continued pounding away until finally climaxing he pumped her full of hot cum. Laying down around her the pixies all watched as she devoured the delicious fruit.