 ...And then it was morning. Light shone through partially open blinds onto Larissa's nude form. She calmly underneath her bedsheets, sleeping deeply. The events of the previous night were forgotten to her; she'd get what she wished for, even if she didn't know what was coming. Anything and everything she would want, no matter how sexual, could become a reality for her. 

The alien race that had Larissa had become ensnared in was not overly sexual or erotic. They reproduced in a matter similar to Earth humans, although many scientific and evolutionary enhancements made childbirth a much less painful and difficult process. There was no social stigma or tension when it came to lovers, regardless of gender (genetic or self-identified). That being said, sex was still often reserved for private, more intimate moments when the time was right between two people who loved each other. 

Larissa, on the other hand, was no stranger to all kinds of erotic lore. While she had never partaken in the act, various websites, forums, and image galleries provided all the pleasure she would need without never having to actually endure it. As long as she could fantasize about it, Larissa could get off on whatever she wanted. While such binges became less and less common as she grew older and graduated high school, they remained dormant in her mind, sometimes kicking at the edges. Now, her wildest dreams would come true, for better or for worse. She had literally asked for it to happen, though, and her mind was an open book to this alien species.

What they found was interesting, even for their species, but not totally unheard of. It would give them an avenue to conduct their evolutionary research and experiments on a willing subject, insomuch as she remained happy and consenting. In her current state of mind, though, she would not be able to say "no" even if she wanted to. Time would tell just how good of an idea it would be to have all of her dreams come to fruition.

Larissa began to stir in bed, awakening to the light of a new day. Sitting up to stretch, her body fumbled over two hands that had wrapped themselves around her bare midriff. Turning to her other side, Larissa looked into the just opened eyes of a beautiful girl. Everything about this woman was perfect, from her violet eyes to her hair to her breasts to her shaven pussy. While Larissa's mind was still as slow as molasses, she knew she didn't recognize this girl. She was slightly older than Larissa herself, maybe by a few months or a year. 

Before she could form another thought, the girl spoke: "Good morning, sunshine! How did you sleep?" Her voice was bubbly and varied in pitch, laden with a carefree and affectionate vibe. 

"Who...are...?" Larissa tried to speak, but couldn't find the words. The girl found them for her. "I'm your mommy, silly! I'm here to take care of you for your long summer off! Don't you remember?" 

Memories of another life came flooding into Larissa's mind. Of course, she was her mommy. The word echoed in her mind, resonating from her brain to her boobs. Mommy. Moooooooomm mmmmyyyyyyy. Larissa needed someone to take care of her and watch over. The world was a big, dark, and dangerous place, right? Mommy would give Larissa all the love she could ever want. 

"Star...la?" 

"Right! You remembered my name!" Starla had sat up in bed by now, with Larissa doing the same to match her pose. Starla's head towered over Larissa's, hanging several inches above the top of her hair. Starla gently caressed the sides of Larissa's head, taking it in her hands.

"I'm so proud of you. Deciding to do this on your own wasn't easy, but I'm glad that you've got a mommy now to help you. You made the right choice." Starla's smiling face beamed with an undeniable glow. It permeated Larissa's thoughts, driving everything else out. Starla was happy, so she should be happy. Right?

"You've been a good girl. I think you deserve something special..." Starla's hands lowered her daughter's face and pressed it up against one of her nipples. Larissa instinctively latched her mouth around the warm nipple and began to suck, allowing milk to flow into her mouth. It was better than her own milk, and flooded her mouth and mind with incredible sensations. All Larissa could think about was her mommy's milk.

Safely attached to her nipple, Starla released her hands from Larissa's head and wrapped them around her ass. She pulled Larissa into an even tighter embrace, with Starla's body heat compounding Larissa's pleasure. Starla wrapped Larissa's legs around her mommy's hips, and stood up and out of the bed. Daughter in tow, she left the bedroom and walked into the kitchen.

Starla approached an ornate, leather chair at the kitchen table. She caressed Larissa's head with one hand, and pulled her back from her nipple. Larissa's mouth leaked milk and her own drool. Looking at her mommy in wonder, Starla assured her daughter: "It's time for breakfast. I've just got to set you up, then I'll get you all fed and full."

The center of the chair had three dildos in the center. With expert precision, Starla lowered Larissa onto each of the dildos. All three slid into her pussy, urethra, and anus with ease. Pressing a button on the side of the chair, the tips of each dildo began to inflate until they were securely embedded inside of her. A belt was wrapped around Larissa's waist that connected behind her to the chair. Lastly, a loose collar was applied to her neck.

Now restrained in a variety of ways, Larissa felt comfortable and safe. Her mommy was only trying to help her. What if some bad thought came across her mind while she was eating, and she was not able to control herself? These devices were only meant to help her. Here she would be happy while she ate breakfast.

Not a moment later, Starla reappeared with a milk bottle, filled to the top with something delicious. Where an artificial nipple would normally sit, there was a thick dildo instead. It would perform the same function as the nipple, but with a very different sensation. Larissa could smell it from far away. "Here's your morning drink, sweetie. It's got your milk and pussy juice inside, so I'm sure you'll love it." Starla positioned the bottle such that it rested between Larissa's engorged breasts, and kept itself propped up. Starla attached the bottle to Larissa's collar, and tightened the connection so that the bottle was always a sip away from Larissa's mouth. Larissa greedily sucked on the bottle, letting her own juices flood her mouth. Her mouth easily accommodated the girth of the dildo, which she easily suckled on.

"You're out of shape, honey," said Starla as she parted Larissa's hair. "You're not taking the dildo in all the way. But we'll make sure you're back in business in no time!" Starla's exuberance radiated from her, causing Larissa to smile around her dildo. Larissa continued to suck until the bottle was dry. While it seemed like an eternity, it only took five minutes for the viscous liquid to find its way into Larissa's body.

Various individuals appeared around Larissa, and began to release the restraints around her. They all wore full-face masks and identical work uniforms, anonymizing them to Larissa. It was impossible to discern their gender, they all seemed the same. 

"Time to get you cleaned, La. It's been a while since your last cleaning, and you're well overdue." Starla reached a hand out to Larissa, who instinctively grabbed it. Starla led her daughter towards the master bathroom, which had undergone some renovation for the purposes of Larissa's new health regimen. 

Larissa was only vaguely aware of all of this. She was not copiously leaking fluids from her pussy or asshole anymore, but there were visible streaks that could be seen in the light. Such streaks would grow under great pleasure.

The open shower had various showerheads, devices, and implements that would be used to ensure Larissa's cleanliness. The water was already hot and ready for Starla to turn everything on. A harness was affixed to Larissa's relenting body, which would allow her to be positioned and fixed in space in order to facilitate her cleaning. The harness would not impede upon the cleaning itself, and it would be removed for a final scrub at the end.

The faucets were turned on, and steam began to fill the bathroom. Starla wore a similar harness that would allow her to fix Larissa to her own body if need be. Starla would also be able to move through the room and around her subject with ease.

Starla kneaded and massaged Larissa's full breasts, coaxing moans and gasps from Larissa's captive body. "Your boobs have so much stress in them. So many knots and twists, I can feel it like roots in a gredtree. Oh, right, you don't know what those are..." Starla blushed at her mistake, but Larissa was unaware of anything but the heat. "Your nipples are also tiny. What happened there? Let's address the whole thing at once, shall we?" 

A pair of metal cups were acquired and attached to Larissa's boobs. These were not conventional milking cups; they applied a great deal of heat to her breasts and caused them to relax and expand. Her nipples were vacuumed into the cups, and were stretched and heated. The milk held captive in Larissa's boobs furthered this cacophony of sensation, but it was not removed from her milk glands. Starla held Larissa in place as the cups did their work and warm water pounded on them from above. Once Starla was satisfied, she removed the cups from Larissa to reveal a significantly larger pair of breasts. They were filled to the brim with milk, but rested naturally on Larissa's chest. She felt no pain due to the weight of her boobs; her back muscles had been strengthened in anticipation of her breast growth. Larissa's nipples had lengthened in size to about a pinky finger's length.

This was only one of many things that would happen in that bathroom. Starla fetched two bathing caps and affixed them to the top of her and Larissa's head. They covered everything below their eyebrows, and any loose hair was tucked under the cap swiftly. Changing one of the shower dials, several other chemicals began to enter the water. Starla took a soap laden brush and began scrubbing down Larissa's body with focused attentiveness. As she did so, body hair began to slide off of Larissa's body and into the drain below. The shower water was laced with a hair-removing soap which only worked when combined with hot water and physical contact. The liquid also made her skin incredibly soft to the touch. Starla kneaded and groped every inch of Larissa's body, leaving nothing besides her eyebrows and hair. Larissa's previously well-trimmed pussy became bare for all to see. Starla kneaded Larissa's slit to ensure that it was clean, and did the same for her face. 

Satisfied with her work, Starla returned her tools and adjusted the dials once more until the water changed temperature and texture. Once it was safe to do so, she removed hers and Larissa's head cap and returned them to some unseen container. At the same time, she retrieved a long, low table and several dildos of varying length and girth. Some dildos had attachments on their rears that were connected to the shower system. The water had at this point changed to a hazy mist instead of a continuous stream. Starla coaxed Larissa onto the table, positioning her on all-fours with her ass high in the air. With expert precision, Starla plunged the first dildo into Larissa's ass. Larissa moaned with pleasure and excitement, waiting on the edge of an orgasm until her pussy's violation sent her leaping over it. Even her urethra was given a dildo to hold.

With the press of a button, a warm liquid began to slowly flow through each dildo and into Larissa's body. This was a different cleaning than what she had experienced on the alien ship; this was far more sensual and purposed. As liquid traveled all throughout her body, some of it found its way to her stomach. Warm liquid bubbled inside Larissa's body, with her holes struggling to contain it all. Water beaded on her long nipples, and dripped onto the floor below. Starla stopped the water flow through the dildos, although existing momentum allowed the liquid to continue travelling through Larissa's body. As it did, her insides were warmed and cleaned up. Any lingering debris or flotsam was caught by the river raging inside her. Starla removed the vaginal dildo and inserted a faucet-like implement, pointing the spout directly above the shower drain.

The discarded liquid steadily poured out of Larissa's pussy, carrying various amounts of internal waste with it. The liquid retreated from Larissa's belly and evacuated her body without incident. The device and two other dildos were gently removed from Larissa's holes. Starla turned off the shower dials and grabbed several towels so that the couple could dry off. 

"You did great today, Larissa!" Larissa was panting and could barely focus on Starla's words as she cooed and dried Larissa's body off. Larissa had moved from her all-fours position and now stood near the bathroom entrance. "I'm so proud of you for getting through your cleaning. We're gonna relax for the rest of the day outside. Do you want that?" Larissa managed a subtle nod, and Starla kissed her lips passionately in response.

Once both girls were dry, Starla led Larissa out of the bathroom and through the house until they reached the back porch. A warm, cloudless day greeted both the girls as they settled in a large, cushioned chair. Larissa sat in Starla's warm embrace, thoughtless, clean, and horny. The shower had only barely satisfied her urge, and she was looking for something more.

As if on command, Starla began to fondle Larissa's left breast with one hand. This sensation, this touch was certainly helping, but there was still a certain stiffness throughout her body. Starla's other hand then reached to the helpless girl's pussy and began massaging and relaxing it. Her motions were deft, expertly placed in order to maximize pleasure.

Larissa came on Starla's command, and felt electrified from the force of the orgasm. Riding the wave of one orgasm, she simply washed into the next. And the next. Starla just kept at it, not stopping until the sun set on the two simmering, sex-fueled girls.