 It was morning again. Memories of an intense night of relaxation and sex wandered through Larissa's mind as she woke. Starla's arms were wrapped loosely but firmly around Larissa's waist. As the younger woman squirmed in her keeper's embrace, she felt something around her ass. Larissa was a virgin, or at least she had been before all this started, but her mind was still having trouble understanding what had happened. Wrapping her hand behind her, she reached to caress Starla's dick, standing at attention from her chest.

She hadn't had a dick before. Why did she have one now? How did she get it? These questions clouded Larissa's thoughts. What little of her mind was left was working overtime to try and discern this situation. That is, until Starla grabbed Larissa's breasts and violently came inside her ass. The young woman barely had time to register the orgasm before Starla's girth was stuffed far up her ass. Rational thought ended as overpowering pleasure took hold.

"You like that, don't you? No need to be shy. This is relaxing to you. Calming, even." Larissa's mind was devoid of thought, while her body was ravaged with sensation. Starla was not entirely wrong. Hot cum continued to pour from Starla for a few minutes, until she slowly exited Larissa's posterior. She closed her gaping hole with her sharp fingers, letting Larissa rest. Panting and sweating, Larissa wasn't sure what to think.

Starla stood up and opened the curtains to Larissa's room, letting the sunshine in. The mid-morning sun shone upon both their nude forms. Starla stood proud and tall, while Larissa quivered and shook from the force of her sexual escapade. She sat in bed that way until Starla left the room to retrieve something.

As she relished in the heat of the sun, Larissa felt a trickling sensation collecting in her vagina. Glancing below her, she observed her enlarged clitoris and her loose vagina leaking significant amounts of fluid into her bedsheet. The ramifications of this spectate didn't occur to her, so she just let it happen. Larissa knew that she wouldn't have been able to stop the leakage anyway if she had wanted to. Holding her breasts, which were sore from the force with which Starla had grabbed them, Larissa noticed trickles of milk flowing down from her nipples. She had very little short term or long term memory, so her previous fascination with her breasts and vagina was forgotten to her. Taking one breast in her mouth and squeezing, Larissa was rewarded with a delicious stream of milk in her mouth. She continued sucking on her own mammary, and the juices expelled in her nether regions increased proportionally.

This continued until Starla returned, affixing a soft but tight collar around Larissa's neck. Silk lining prevented the collar from chafing around her neck. "Larissa" in cursive writing was inscribed onto the front of the color, directly under the ring that connected to the leash held by Starla. Instinctively, Larissa knew what to do. She rolled off the bed and onto her knees and hands, standing proudly on all fours as her head beamed directly ahead. The weight of her breasts caused them to leak milk directly below her, while other juices dripped from her clit and vagina. This was her purpose. The collar conveyed this to her, and more to come.

Starla tugged on the leash and led Larissa outside. Larissa was seemingly unencumbered by this new gait, and crawled with poise and passion. Starla led Larissa into a red barn which had been constructed on the opposite side of the tree that stood in the middle of the field. The inside of the barn had no animals in it, but was equipped for a variety of other scenarios and situations. Starla walked into an empty milking stall, and motioned for Larissa to mount herself upon it. As she did so, two milking cups lined themselves neatly with her boobies. The pillow upon which her head rested concealed a small device that connected to her collar and locked Larissa's head in place. Her lower torso was thrusted out behind her, with her legs resting comfortably to prevent them from falling asleep.

Larissa's caretaker positioned a dildo device behind her exposed holes, and positioned three dildos above each. The device curved from Larissa's anus, over her urethra, and over her vagina. The final touch was a small implement that was fitted for Larissa's clitoris, which still dripped to the straw below. A strap was applied across Larissa's back to ensure her security in her confinement. 

"I'll see you a little later. This should help you feel even better." Larissa had no way of comprehending what Starla was saying, but focused on the sound of her voice rather than the words. Starla applied a sleeping mask and set of headphones to this young cow, and engaged all the devices. The milking cups began to vibrate and suck on Larissa's nipples. The dildos began to plunge in and out of her, one by one at random speeds and intervals, and the clitoral device began to pulse and suck. Larissa was enamored with sensation and touch. The inside of the mask she wore lit up to reveal a green pasture. Sounds of the wind and distant farm animals began to play in her ears. It felt like it was too much for her to handle, yet Larissa remained awake.

--

"I need to ask, ma'am. Why?" This question hung in the air for a few moments, Quaesi clearly on edge and concerned. The data that he had been receiving from Sol-3 was incredible, but the nature in which it was occurring was questionable at best. "Why what, Quaesi?" responded Culme.

"Why is this female being subjected to such sexual and...dare I say...perverse acts? How did we find cause to do this?"

"It's rather simple, although the result is a little more complex than even I understand. From what our most low-level scientists have told us, though, the drug that we have been administering to this female capitalizes on their deepest subconscious desires. Even further below what an individual would believe to be secret. Things they may not even be familiar with are brought to the surface."

Culme and Quaesi's discussion had caught the attention of other people in the workroom. It seems as though he was not the only concerned citizen. Culme continued: "Think of all the things you keep hidden deep down inside of you. Things you may be ashamed to openly discuss. Things you think of or dream of to keep yourself satisfied, for lack of another outlet." Nervous glances were exchanged around the room. "Now go even deeper than that into the raw subconscious, where ideas first form and are kept. Most of the time, when we discard of an idea or memory, it vacates from our mental memory entirely. In some cases, the most primal part of the brain just can't let go of something, and it stays right where it is, for better or for worse."

"The evolutionary drug that we are experimenting with is not inherently sexual in nature. In a larger test pool, the percentage of individuals whose deepest desires are extremely sexual in nature, almost bordering on the realm of fantasy, would be very low. However, it seems as though this human female has had a lot of time on her hands to peruse a great deal of sexual fiction, literature, and visual media.

"The drug acts upon these desires and satisfies them to the fullest. It is our duty as caretakers for this particular subject to cater to these desires to the best of our ability. The woman you've seen with her, Starla, is an extension of this necessity to take care of her. Through an experimental receptor, she is able to understand the information that the drug is identifying, and preemptively act upon it where necessary. She's been given all the tools necessary to do so. And from what it looks like..." Culme glanced at a monitor to see Starla walking towards the barn carrying a large cloth, "...she seems to be content."

"What happens if these desires change? How quickly does the drug react, and how quickly does Starla and the rest of her team know?" Quaesi was satisfied, but still curious. Perhaps to a fault, but it was his inquisitiveness which had gotten him this far. "The desires themselves change very rarely. Rather, the drug acts upon whatever desire is strongest at the moment. Our research of both our own and of human physiology suggests that such shifts in priority are gradual, and are not sudden. That does not exempt the possibility of a sudden change, but it is unlikely."

"The drug's shifting of the human's physiology can peak and sustain itself for however long is necessary. Starla can arbitrarily determine a length of time to hold a transformation, or it can occur at random. Because this drug is experimental, we would rather control for these transformations, physical and mental, to prevent anything unwarranted from occurring. That being said, minor changes within the purview of her desires can still occur." Culme motioned to one of the monitors, which revealed two small horns growing from Larissa's head. A long, bushy tail sprouted from above where her anus was being relentlessly penetrated. Another pair of breasts began to grow underneath her already engorged set. Larissa was blissfully unaware of her changes, or of her being monitored.

"What if someone's most profound desire was something arbitrary or tangible, rather than something relating to their person? If they wanted material wealth or some object, for example."

"It's not possible to just grant them their wish of becoming rich or finding some particular object. However, it would be possible to modify an individual's physical or mental attributes to as to facilitate their ambition to reach a goal such as this. They may become smarter or more skilled in an area so as to accumulate wealth, or gain some ability that enables them to find someone or something that they are secretly looking for."

Everyone's eyes turned to the monitors once more, where Larissa had just been removed from the milking machine and was about to be fitted into her cowsuit. It would accentuate her bovine characteristics and allow her to truly become one with her inner cow. Her upper and lower body were encased in sleeves that ended in thick hooves; sealed gloves inside the hooves allowed limited flexibility of her fingers and toes so as to prevent them from growing weak, but preventing them from doing anything meaningful. The cowprints started at her collar, now adorned with a soft bell, and continued along her back and around her hips to her legs. A segment of her posterior was cut out to allow her tail to breathe and to let her defecate if the need presented itself. This cutout extended to the top of Larissa's vagina, which was adorned by an enlarged clitoris. Larissa's breasts were allowed to breathe through a window in the suit; all four breasts had been milked, but you never know when you needed to go. Starla admired the transformed girl, smiling as she caressed her soft face. Bovine ears had sprouted from her once human ears, and sharp molars replaced human teeth. With a bellowing "MOOOOO", Larissa declared that she was ready. Leash in hand, Starla led Larissa outside to her backyard. A variety of cattle grazed around her, munching on grass, swaying their tails, and mooing. Larissa was home.

Starla detached the leash from Larissa's collar and kissed her on the lips. She held the kiss for a few seconds before letting go. "I have to go for now; I'll be back soon, though. Don't get too feisty without me!" Starla said with a smirk. Larissa gave a soft "Moooo" in reply and watched as Starla retreated into her house.

A gentle breeze tickled Larissa's ass. Pussy juice and urine dripped down her leg, as her tail swayed in the wind. She smiled in happiness, and bent her head down to graze. The grass at her hooves tasted divine, better than anything she'd ever eaten within her limited memory. Time didn't matter to her, so she stopped keeping track.

"I think we all understand what's going on. Another part of her subconscious is due to present herself in a week's time. She'll remain as a cow until her body changes again. For now, let's get back to work," concluded Culme as the rest of the researchers began mulling about.

--

Larissa was shaken out of her stupor by the sound of moving cows. It was time to sleep. Larissa trotted on her hooves back into the barnhouse, where she fell into line between two bulls. She knew her place in line, as did all the others. Each cow was directed into an empty stall by a machine, then locked in for the night. Once all the cows were secured, milking cups appeared in the appropriate stalls to relieve the cows of their precious milk. Suction cups were attached to all four of Larissa's breasts, and she came in ecstasy. Her tail wagged wildly with happiness and pleasure.

A large feeding trough was filled with meat and slop. While still being milked, Larissa dunked her head into the slop and began eating voraciously with a hunger she didn't know she had. Even after grazing all day, the need to eat was almost as strong as her pleasure. 

Almost as soon as they had arrived, it seems as though the cups disappeared. All of her milk was gone, but the two-hour milking had relieved Larissa of her liquid gold. Sleep would allow her to rest. Trotting to a pile of hay, she curled her legs underneath her busty boutique and fell into a deep and dreamless sleep.

Around her, the bulls in neighboring cells sensed something in the new cow's cell. While in their confinement they would not be able to act, the morning would yield new developments that everyone would enjoy. For now, sleep would have to do for an interesting day ahead.