 Larissa woke up slowly, sunlight permeating the curtains in her bedroom. She stretched her tired muscles in bed, beating back the blankets and covers that snaked around her body like an unseen lover. In contrast, her dreams had been extremely loving; although she couldn't really remember the dreams, she knew that thinking about them provided a pleasurable, calm feeling. So whatever it was, it must have been a great dream. Cum slithered around her pussy as she stood up out of bed, stretching some more to work out the kinks. 

As she stretched, Larissa admired her body in its nudity. Her curvaceous ass was something to behold, and her breasts left nothing to the imagination. Pinching one, a small jet of milk shot out and onto her bed. "That's right," she thought, "I've been lactating for a few weeks." It certainly made getting milk easier. Careful not to constrain or squish her breasts, she continued stretching until she was feeling great. Walking out her bedroom and into her kitchen, she got out a clean bowl and a box of cereal, and quickly poured a large bowl of the store-brand flakes into the bowl. Once satisfied, she groped one of her breasts, aimed it at the bowl, and pinched hard. Milk shot out fast and hard, filling the bowl and providing for a natural aspect of her breakfast. Stirring her spoon in her bowl, she was reminded that her breastmilk was thicker and creamier than the generic store-brand milk in her fridge. It tasted a lot better, too.

Larissa was reminded of her dripping pussy when she noticed how slippery the floor underneath her was. There was an element of stickiness to her juice as well, and a visible trail led from her bedroom and into the kitchen. Underneath her, a small puddle had formed under Larissa and continued to grow as pussy juice trailed down her shapely thighs and legs, and onto the floor beneath her. Her juice was warm, too, and it felt nice to stand there. 

She took her cereal bowl to the dining room table, where she slowly munched on her breakfast and let her pussy dribble into the seat below her. It wasn't before long that the seat cushion became wet with her juices, and began to release juices from the side of the chair and onto the ground. Another puddle began to form underneath her chair as Larissa ate. Her mind was clouded by warmth and pleasure. It wasn't overbearing, but consistent and ever present, consuming most of her mind and only letting her focus on one thing at a time. For now, that one thing was eating and putting her bowl and spoon into the dishwasher. That having been done, she stepped out of her kitchen and onto her back porch, greeting a new day's warmth.

The sun shone high above her, bearing down on her still nude form. Larissa found a bean bag chair and sank into it, basking in the sunlight above her. Stretching out, she reclined and sunk into the foam around her. As she did, her mind became more and more blank as pleasure and heat clouded her mind. Before long, she lost the ability to think and zoned out.

Larissa was still awake, but had no sense of self or being. Her slit mindlessly dribbled into the bean bag chair, and her breasts began to exert a small amount of milk as pressure built up in her boobs and forced a release. The bean bag chair served as a cradle for her nude form, preventing her heated mind from being able to escape from its clutches. Larissa was in the most comfortable position possible, and would be for some time as she soaked in the morning sun. 

Larissa blinked. At some point, she'd gotten her dildo-vibrator and inserted it six inches into her pussy. It buzzed softly and kept her feeling full. She blinked again. She was drinking milk directly one of her breasts. The creamy, thick ambrosia flooded down her throat. It felt good to suck on her boobs. Booooooobs. The word echoed in her mind, sloshing around like her own milk. Larissa could even hear her milk as she chugged it endlessly. Would her boobs ever run out? She blinked again. She'd flipped over onto her chest, and stuffed her dildo far up her asshole. It buzzed happily, keeping Larissa on the edge of an orgasm but allowing some pleasure to pull through. Her boobs were pushing her body up out of her bean bag chair, and her head rested in between her boobs. Grasping one of her nipples, Larissa was rewarded with a jolt of pleasure and a jet of creamy milk in her face. She kept pinching her boob, though, enjoying the sensation of being covered with her own milk. Letting to, she glanced behind her to notice the now setting sun petering below the horizon. An entire day had passed by, and Larissa had sat in her chair in a sexual haze. Larissa smiled at the thought. She couldn't have imagined doing anything else.

Her once pale skin had tanned to a perfect golden sheen. Every inch of her body had been exposed to the sun today, and not a single speck was left pale. Juices continued to dribble from her pussy and now her asshole, leaving her entire lower torso damp. Larissa's nipples and clitoris stood at attention, tensed and ready for another orgasm.

Larissa found the strength to rise from her current position, but almost fell back into her chair from the sensations on her feet just from them touching her porch. It was a distinctly pleasurable feeling, although she'd had better orgasms earlier in the day. Experimenting, she took a few more steps towards the house and gripped the door handle, only to be met with similar sensations. She rode the pleasurable wave as she entered the house, with her dildo still firmly in place in her rear. Instead of eating a traditional dinner, she simply sucked on her boobmilk some more. Larissa apparently had a lot of it, and sucked until she felt full. As she sucked on her breast with one hand, her other hand played with her pointed clit in order to elicit even greater feeling. She smiled widely through her sucking as she walked to her bedroom, pussy juice in tow, and closed her bedroom door behind her. While caught in a milky haze, Larissa had the strength to remove one hand from her clit and search her room for something. Her conscious mind didn't know what she was looking for, but as soon as she saw the new dildo, she knew she'd found what she was looking for.

Without pause, Larissa grabbed it and stuffed it several inches into her loose pussy. Her clit rode the top of the dildo as the penetration kept her even fuller. Now penetrated in two holes Larissa took one last gulp of milk before releasing her boob and falling onto her bed. She fell asleep before her head had even hit the pillows, and would have sexy, happy dreams for tonight.

--

Quaesi printed out the daily report that had been sent from Sol-3 which told of the progress that had been made in the test subject. All data points reported higher than average results, which would allow for the experiment to proceed at an accelerated pace; however, more personnel would be required after the fact. They would base themselves in the same location as the test subject, but not until the subject had made it past the first stage of this experiment. During the evening of the subject's next day, she would be brought to the ship, which now hung in orbit of Earth's moon, in order to be evaluated for future study. Assuming nothing going wrong, she would be returned to Earth and the rest of the experiment would proceed at her home and on her property. The alien race has the ability to manipulate space and time around them, so they would be able to perform experiments for as long as was absolutely necessary. That being said, they wanted to allow the human to return to her normal life, instead of keeping her subject to their whim for an extended duration of time. The maximum time of her experimentation would be determined later, but a hard limit had already been set to one Earth year (this limit was also subject to change if things were looking better or worse). 

Quaesi delivered the report to Culme, who confirmed the data and granted Quaesi permission to retrieve the subject during the following evening. It would be a very interesting experience for all involved.

--

Larissa woke up to the late morning sun shining through her windows. Her clock spelled 10:48 AM, and she had slept wonderfully, with incredible dreams of all sorts and kinds. Her blankets had tangled around her nude form, wet underneath her crotch and soaked from sweat everywhere else. Her two dildos sat firmly inside her pussy and asshole. Standing up, Larissa admired herself in her full length mirror.

Her once small breasts were now at least a D cup, with circular areolae sitting underneath pert nipples of fair length. Her hips had widened out and her waist had shrunk considerably. A once flat ass now bubbled out perfectly. Larissa's clit had engorged as well, standing pert atop her now loose pussy. A dildo was still deeply embedded inside both her pussy and asshole. Larissa had the mindfulness to remove both devices from her holes, a large slurping sound following their removal. Both dildos were covered with her juices. Tasting the one that had been stuck in her pussy, she became addicted to the taste and sensation, and came just from the experience. Milk shot from her breasts to her blanket, and her lower two holes cheerfully leaked fluids.

Larissa got out of bed and walked into her kitchen. Everything below her beasts remained soaked with her milk or a variety of fluids, forming a semitransparent glaze down her body. Larissa wasn't hungry for any solid foods, but still needed to feel full some other way. Taking out a banana from her refrigerator. She peeled it back slowly and discarded the rubbery outer layer once she had done so. Satisfied with just the innards, she stuck the squishy banana inside her equally squishy pussy. Larissa was in a state of absolute bliss from the sensation; she could feel the squishy bits floating around inside her pussy. She managed to fit the entire banana safely inside of her. Now she was full and ready to start the day.

Walking back to her room, Larissa safely sealed her food into her pussy with her earlier dildo/vibrator, and plugged her anus with another dildo. Both invaders entirely filled her holes with ease and speed. She stood in her room and glanced at the messiness that was her bedroom, noticing a variety of disheveled blankets and clothing. 

Her stupor was broken by the shrill ringing of the home telephone in the living room. At first, Larissa didn't know what caused the sound and wrapped herself under her bed covers out of fear. She sat curled in her blankets for a few minutes before gathering the courage to leave and identify the cause of the sound. Entering the living room, she noticed the red blinking green button of the base receiver. Pressing the button, she was greeted with the sound of her mother's voice.

"Hi Larissa, it's Mom. Just making sure everything's all right. Haven't heard from you in a bit, but I'm sure you're doing just fine. If you need anything, give dad or I a call. Love you, bye!"

Larissa had a moment of clarity after the message ended. She didn't know what to do. Her mind was like whipped cream put through a blender and then in a dishwasher. What could she say? "Hi Mom, everything's doing good, I've just become a sex-crazed dripping slut. The weather's beautiful though. How's everything else?" That didn't sound so good in her head. But she needed to say something. The longer she waited to call, the worse things might become. 

Larissa motioned to press the "Redial" button, but instead keeled over with an intense wave of pleasure. Her brief reprieve had finished, and she was back to her sex haze. She almost welcomed the numbing sensations, allowing her to focus just on what she wanted to think about, and none of that other complicated or boring stuff like school or family. There was one thing she did want, though. Larissa returned to her room and searched for her laptop, with only a singular purpose in mind. Finding it, she returned to the living room and plugged it into the 70 inch television that was fixed onto the wall. On her laptop, she searched for a series of videos that she's always kept hidden, set them to play one after the other randomly, and pulled up a recliner chair in which she sat down. Once the first video began to play, she dug her hand into her clit and began fidgeting.

Her secret stash of lesbian porn videos had been a secret of hers for a long time. She'd slowly ben building it over the years, but had barely ever indulged in it. Now, she'd see every video in her collection, all 128 of them.

Larissa set the chair to recline back to its flattest setting, and positioned the TV (which rested on a series of extendable support systems) to hang directly over her. The first scene of the movie began, and Larissa dug into her pussy as the two girls in the video dug into each other.

--

For the next 9 hours, Larissa watched an endless torrent of her lesbian videos, some short and brief, others full-length films of epic proportions. She'd only made it through 30 of her videos. Not once did she ever see a male penis, although her mind certainly strayed to one occasionally. The entire time, Larissa's hand had been furiously fumbling with her clit and pussy, both of which leaked copious amounts of liquids into the chair below. Her breasts were bursting with milk and need, looking for some sign of relief. 

As if on command, a pair of unseen hands approached her breasts and squeezed her nipples. Hard. Larissa's back arched from the sudden pleasure, cumming violently. The hands twisted her nipples further, letting her milk out like a faucet as it squirted into the air and all over her body. One orgasm was compounded after the other, creating one incredible sensation of bliss. 

"I see your breasts have grown quite a bit. They're producing a great deal of milk, aren't they?" As Quaesi spoke, several of his assistants wrote down his observations on the subject. He looked up to examine her computer, then the television. "It seems she also has more attraction to humans of her own gender, versus the opposite. While uncommon, I don't think this will be problematic to our experiments. Rather, I think it just might make things even better for us and for her." Quaesi disconnected the computer from the television and turned both off. He returned Larissa's chair to its sitting position, and helped her stand up. Now in the presence of something not quite human but not horribly alien, her mind was even more lost than before. Big, blue irises occupied her eyes as Larissa's body reeked of sex. During her sex marathon, her body had changed even more to approach the pinnacle of feminine form. She was ripe and prime for every sexual fantasy she could imagine.

This was corroborated by Quaesi's physical examination; he assessed the strength of her body, the shape of her hips, the tone of her buttocks, the droopiness of her eyelids. Not an inch on the outside of her body was left unchecked. Quaesi verbalized all of his observations, which were recorded by his assistants and saved digitally to his ship's computer.

"Instruct the research team to set up base here and within the immediate vicinity. Spatial and temporal displacement is already in place, so do whatever you need to do here. I need to bring our subject up to the ship for a more thorough examination," Quaesi said as he finished inspecting Larissa, who shuddered when the alien said "thorough examination." Noticing this, Quaesi parted Larissa's hair to behind her head, once more inspecting her full, unseeing eyes. These eyes would see much more before the night was out.

Quaesi took Larissa's hand and led her outside, where a variety of alien technology had already been placed on the front lawn. Their ultimate purposes were not discernable at first glance, and were written in an alien language that Larissa had no way of reading, even if she were mindful enough to focus. The grass beneath her feet tickled her toes and soles as she blindly followed the tug of the alien. They approached what appeared to be a solid silver container, almost like a portable bathroom but much more furnished and circular. The doors to the container entered after detecting the presence of Quaesi; he entered the container with his charge, and the doors slid shut behind them.

Holding Larissa's arm in one hand, his other hand pressed a specific sequence of buttons that would return the pair to the alien ship, high above the Earth's orbit and on the dark side of the moon. The alien technology was advanced enough so as not to be encumbered by communication or teleportation signals through the moon itself, which afforded the aliens a sense of secrecy as long as geostationary orbit was maintained. Confirming the teleportation, Quaesi and Larissa were instantly beamed onto the large ship, and they exited onto a glossy entryway. 

Anticipating their arrival, a hoverchair with appropriate restraints had already been brought out to greet them. Larissa was positioned in the hoverchair and locked in by her wrists, elbows, legs, and knees. A warm sensation immediately below Larissa's crotch distracted her from any thoughts of escaping her confinement. The restraints were an energy-metal composite, and could not be broken by any known means, human, alien, or otherwise. Quaesi pushed the chair down a long hallway towards the central exhibition theater. 

Along the way, many alien passersby stared at the restrained human with fascination and awe. While they had seen humans electronically and as corpses, a live human had never before been obtained. Rushing along to the general theater entrance, many scientists on the ship wanted to get a first glimpse and what might come of this human. 

Larissa, meanwhile, was in a state of relative calm and serenity. The warm pulses around her lower torso didn't cause her to cum, but hazed her mind and kept her satiated and happy. She didn't realize when they had arrived at the exhibition theater until she was unrestrained from the chair and moved to the table in the middle of the room. It was a long medical table, with similar restraints to the hover chair. Larissa was put in a bent-back sitting position, necessitating stirrups for her feet (which were strapped down securely) and a horizontal belt to keep her lower torso from sliding off the edge of the table. Larissa's arms were secured horizontally out, but allowed to rest on a flat platform, almost like a pair of wings stretching out from her body. A headrest extended from the top of the chair, cradling Larissa's head and mitigating any potential cramping. More straps framed Larissa's breasts so that they stuck out even more so from her body, adding to the pressure that existed underneath her nipples.

Finishing her restraints, Quaesi turned on various devices around her in order to shift light from the audience to the center of the theater, signaling the beginning of the examination.