 Prelude

The Inter-Galactic Colonists arrived at their destination in the form of pure energy, completely unseen and undetected by the inhabitants of the planet that we call Earth. A group of Elders decided to emigrate as their own planet was overcrowded and the competition for space and resources was on the verge of starting a war that would destroy them all. 

Their leader communicated a message to them, "I think that we should change to our new form quickly, as there are orbiting satellites that may be able to detect our concentrations of energy." The Colonists spread out over the bank of the lake, each bundle of energy emitting a pale green aura. Slowly, they started to materialize into the form of snails. When they had completed their transformation, the snails moved quietly into the undergrowth. They were protected by the solitude as the nearest civilization was about twenty-five kilometres distant. 

Very soon, they would implement their Plan.

Anna's Story

Anna had a fascination for snails. She loved the way that they moved slowly, but surely on their perfectly lubricated path and she would always take care to put them out of harms way whenever she could.

She was attractive without being a film star beauty, of normal height with well rounded 36 C Cup breasts. With light brown hair, happy blue grey eyes she was comfortable with herself and her looks. Her brother, Stuart, was three years older than she and was working overseas, Her beloved father died suddenly when she was fifteen and her mother re-married two years later. Her Stepfather, Simon Gamble, made her feel distinctly uncomfortable with his continual attempts to touch and grope her when they were alone, times that Anna tried to make as few as possible. She had told her mother about this, but Connie refused to believe that it was happening and told her that it was all in her imagination. Anna was disappointed, and tried even harder to avoid Simon.

When Anna was 22 years old and in final year of BSc. biology major at the University, she was enjoying both the study regimen and the social life. She was no longer a virgin, although few of her previous lovers, male or female had proved overly inspiring. Sex, she decided, was something that she could take or leave.

Her current boyfriend, David had completed his degree and was studying for a Masters in Plant Biochemistry. One of the attributes that she liked about him was that in spite of being interested in plants, he too was fascinated by snails. David was a man of medium height, dark hair with olive skin and eyes that showed exotic forbears. He was a kind and thoughtful person and Anna rather liked him. To keep away from Simon, she went home only when it was necessary, and most weekends, study permitting, she would indulge in her only other interest of bush walking. On this particular weekend, David had asked to go along with her, and to his surprise, she agreed. They both knew that he would try to screw her if the opportunity arose.

It was late summer, and the days were still warm while the nights were becoming cool. On the Saturday afternoon, they walked about 10 kilometres into the bush, heading toward a quiet lake, low in the surrounding hills and totally uninhabited. It was a long weekend. Their plan was to camp at the lake, and explore the country around it, returning home on the Monday. At 5-30 in the afternoon, they stopped and prepared for the night, anticipating that it would be dark in two and a half hours. They laid out their ground sheets and sleeping bags, and Anna carefully removed the two snails that were in danger of being crushed. As he erected the small tent, David looked on in obvious approval. They prepared a meal and ate it as the sun went down over the lake. The silence was eerie, but the sunset was spectacular. Sitting side by side, David moved a little closer to her and said, "Well, I don't think it gets much better than that. Thanks for bringing me here." She turned, lightly kissed him and replied with a smile, "Yes, and the two snails can enjoy it as well."

Neither of them understood what happened next, but they quickly stripped their clothing and began kissing deeply, their tongues running in and out of each others mouths and their hands feeling, rubbing and arousing each others passion.

They rolled over with David on top of her. "Yes please David, I want your cock in me." David obliged, and soon they were entwined in a passionate embrace. Anna could feel the excitement in her building up and she thought that this time, at least, she would be brought to orgasm. She began to rock her hips in unison with David, fucking him as he fucked her wet pussy. A low moan started in her and it became a howl of delight as they both climaxed and David filled her cunt with his love juice. "That was great, I'd nearly forgotten how good it can be. We'll fuck again in a few minutes, won't we David?" He nodded and leant his back against a tree stump where Anna joined him. After a minute or so, he knelt between her legs and put his mouth down on to her inner thighs that she had obligingly opened for him kissed them, moved up and began to work on her clit with his tongue, arousing her once more, until, with a cry of pleasure, she came. Then she gently brought his mouth up to hers and kissed him and said, " I want to suck your cock until it is hard again so we can fuck." She moved down and put the hardening prick in her mouth and started to suck it, running her tongue over the engorged head. David stopped her after a minute or so and kissed her nipples and aureoles. 

As he was doing this, they both had a feeling that they were not alone and they stopped, alarmed. They looked towards the lake, and in the dim moonlight they saw a huge snail moving toward them. It was about four feet long. They tried to stand up and run, but a pale green light came from one of the creature's tentacles, engulfing and paralyzing them The huge snail did not say anything, but they both heard a voice in their head that said, " Don't be afraid, I promise that no harm will come to you if you co-operate. If you don't, the result will still be no different, but you will not have the same pleasure." Both David and Anna felt the will to resist slipping away as the green light took control of their minds and removed their will to resist.

David felt Anna shiver in terror beside him, and the voice said again, " Fear not, I promise that when this is over, you will thank me from the bottom of your hearts. The first wish that I have is that you continue what you were doing when I arrived."

Unable to prevent herself, Anna went back to David's prick, put her lips over it and sucked it, moving her mouth up and down and rolling her tongue over it. Soon, she felt David becoming tense and breathing more heavily as his orgasm approached. She worked faster and faster and was rewarded with his load as he ejaculated into her mouth.

The huge snail moved toward David who tried to pull his feet away, but was prevented by the green aura around them. He felt his bare feet slip under the snail's body and was surprised to find that the sensation was not unpleasant, as the creature's slime allowed it to slide over him with little resistance. It moved slowly across his knees and on to his thighs and with each movement, David was finding it more and more enjoyable, frightened as he was. The creature stopped just before his prick, which was by now fully erect and said, " You must remember that we snails are hermaphrodite, that is, we have the primary and secondary reproductive characteristics of both sexes, so copulation requires us to decide who is going to adopt which role. In your case David, I will be a female and take your member into my female organ." 

Anna could see that he was in such a state of arousal that he was incapable of resisting. The snail slid up onto his chest and he felt his rigid cock drawn into a warm, wet and unbelievably slippery cunt, which began to massage it in the most sensuous way that he had ever experienced. The front part of its body was now covering his mouth, and he feared that he might suffocate, but found to his surprise that he could breathe without difficulty. Some of the slime forced its way into his mouth and he was amazed at its strange taste. It was unlike anything he had ever tasted, but indescribably beautiful. His cock was sliding in and out of the snail and it sensed that his climax was approaching. As he shot his cum deep into it, he felt more of the slime being forced into his mouth, which seemed to heighten his orgasm to a new and unimaginable level. "I will now impregnate you with several of my love darts, which will enable you to have sex ten or twelve times without effecting your performance." The gastropod told him, and David felt the hypodermic like stings in his cock as the darts were forced into him.

The slight pain persisted for less than a minute, and soon he felt his prick rising again. " You are a quick student." it said to him, "We snails like to extend our sexual activities for some time." 

His cock was rock hard again and he felt it being drawn inside the snail and again the fucking, sucking, massaging, sensation returned. Lying prostrate by his side unable to move, Anna watched wide-eyed with amazement and she felt herself being covered by the extending pool of slime around David and herself. David was once again at the point of ecstasy and with a moan of pleasure, he shot his load into the creature again. Over the next hour, the process was repeated three more times, and each time, it seemed that David was taken to previously unreached heights.

Slowly the large creature slid off David's chest, scratching him as it did and moved on to the terrified Anna, who tried to scream and escape. "You should not be afraid, my dear. Look at your friend, I have not harmed him and you will come to no harm either." and with that, it began to slide slowly up her legs and on to her thighs, relaxing her and giving her a feeling of mounting pleasure. It stopped just before her slime covered breasts and began courting them with its antennae. Anna felt the lust and anticipation rising in her and the voice in her mind said, " Now, my lovely Anna, for you I become a male and we will copulate in that fashion. But first, you will feel the sting of my love darts. They will have the same effect on you."

There were four sharp stings around her pussy, but the discomfort was soon gone and she felt her legs being gently pushed apart. She was wet in anticipation, all fear having left her and replaced by sexual excitement. She looked at David, who smiled his encouragement to her and she relaxed as the creature slid its cock into her welcoming cunt. "You are very wet, my dear Anna. You too are an excellent pupil." the voice said soothingly.

The prick began to move inside her, and every movement was a source of mounting lust. At the same time, her breasts and nipples were being very softly pinched, kissed, sucked and licked. Her body was immersed in pleasure from head to foot, and as the snail felt Anna's climax approach, it fucked her cunt harder and faster. With a howl of ecstasy, she came and simultaneously felt the huge gushes of juice shooting high up into her cunt. When she opened her mouth, it was immediately covered and filled with the slime that she happily swallowed.

It took a minute or so for her to catch her breath, but soon she felt the cock inside her harden and begin to fuck her again, the creature's huge foot caressing her breasts and nipples. She was able to last much longer than before, and with a body-wracking shudder, she was again brought to orgasm. 

This time, there was no pause, and as the still hard cock began moving in and out of her once again. Then she felt another prick like object being gently pushed toward her slime-covered anus. It stopped at her bud, paused, and a gentle push, slipped easily inside her. It too began moving in unison with the other one. She had never experienced anything like this and the feeling was beyond anything she thought possible.

This time she was fucked slowly and gently over the space of several hours until she came so many times that she lost count, with both the cocks shooting their seed deep inside, each time giving her climaxes that was as intense as the first. David looked on, an entranced observer.

She felt the cocks being withdrawn from her, the snail moved further up over her face, and as David discovered what seemed hours ago, her breathing was unaffected. Then she felt the second prick enter her cunt and begin fucking it while the first one slid into her mouth. She responded with enthusiasm, now able to rock her hips and move her head. She sucked the prick in her mouth, deep throating it and then running her tongue over the head at the same time tightening and loosening her cunt on the lower cock. After about 30 minutes, both pricks began to harden and fuck her faster and faster. She tried as hard as she could to keep her control, but soon she could resist no longer and with a shout of joy she came and was filled in her pussy and mouth with the creatures cum, much of it spraying wildly over her face, body and thighs. 

The snail seemed to be satisfied, and it slid off her body scratching her lightly on the left breast as it did and remained beside her.

They had no idea what time it was; it seemed years ago that they were setting up their camp. They heard the voice in their minds saying "That completes our activities for this evening. I promise you that my pleasure was no less than yours and I hope and expect that there will be other times like this in the future. Now, I suppose that an explanation is in order. "

"Firstly, I am the Lord of the Snails, and it has come to our notice that both of you love, care for and protect our kind. For this reason, it was decided to reward you and provide you both with the attributes needed to increase our numbers in human form, for we expect you to find suitable recruits and bring them here for initiation, something that you have enjoyed yourselves. We have taken the opportunity to transfer the energy quanta of my two most trusted lieutenants to you, and you now have the power of mind control over others and we know that you will use it to our mutual benefit, as we believe that this planet will descend into a polluted, over-populated quagmire unless we take steps to prevent it as soon as possible. Our reading of your minds tells us that you agree with this proposition. "Secondly, we will, as necessary, change our form to a more human type to provide support when required, but we believe that you and your team will require less and less direct assistance as your numbers and influence grow. You are immune to all disease, and are only fertile for the purpose of procreation when you choose. There will always be sufficient money to keep you in comfort and take the movement to the next step."

"Lastly, soon there will be Lords of the Snails all over the world. Where snails live anywhere, there will be a Lord of some type. When you go to a new location, you will know instinctively where to look. Unless you know where to go, it is impossible to find us. Also, from time to time it may be necessary for us to contact you and this will be done as needed."

"Now, before I leave you, it would please me if you were to try you new powers on each other and enjoy the pleasure that they bring."

Still under the thrall of the Giant snail, David put an arm around Anna and kissed her passionately and with the other gently massaged her inner thighs. She responded by rubbing his hardening and still lubricated cock. She rolled on top of him, and leaning backwards she pushed her excited pussy into his face. Moving his head forward, he licked and nibbled her outer cuntlips and then repeated the treatment on her engorged clit until she came. She slid her body down toward his midriff and then guided his rock hard prick into her waiting cunt, the slime that still covered them adding to their growing excitement. This time there was no reason to hurry and they fucked each other slowly and lovingly. Anna felt the tension that had built up leaving as David gently moved his cock inside her. Their orgasm was as deep as any other that night, and as they finished, they looked around and found that the Lord of the Snails was gone and the sun was rising over the lake for the start of another beautiful day. 

In the dim light, Anna noticed something on David's left breast and she moving closer to look, she saw a coloured tattoo of a snail about two inches high. "Look at this!" she exclaimed. 

David looked down and then at her. "You've got one too." he whispered as he kissed her.

Utterly relaxed, they made love again.

"Even if I wanted to, I wouldn't go back now."