 Some geographical and anthropological situations are fictional creations, viz the asteroid strike. All characters are fictional and above eighteen. 

The word Hijra also has been used with some license as readers familiar with Indian subcontinent culture would notice. 

***** 

Asteroid impact causes physical mutations and erotic culture in aboriginal tribe 

Archeologists and explorers in the early nineteenth century, surveying the dense Dandakaranya forest in Central India, stumbled upon some caves. Searching within, they discovered among other items, a few bunches of faded palmyra leaves, on which were etched some lacerations. An experienced shikari who was their local guide discussed something quietly with the leader, after taking him aside. The leader informed the group that these were ancient holy writings and would be under his custody. He would be taking them to Benares, a city on the banks of the Ganges, where it could be translated by scholars living there, well versed in ancient scripts. The guide had hinted at perhaps some treasure trove, which the leader wanted to keep for himself.

After a few weeks the team leader, two scribes and their guide reached the holy city of Benares where they sought out learned men of Hindu scriptures who would be able to help in deciphering the contents of the palm leaves. 

The first person they accosted, a Sanskrit and Prakrit professor, threw the bunch back at them and spat in disgust. He asked them to leave immediately and to burn the leaves at once. Intrigued at this response, over the next few days, they tried meeting other pundits but were unsuccessful in getting any headway and were slowly earning the animosity and loathing of the community. They wondered what kind of blasphemous content was hidden in the etchings. 

Their local guide, made his own enquiries and ventured to introduce them to a sadhu, a hermit who lived on the river bank, near the burning ghats. He was sure that the sadhu could help them unravel the mystery of their palm leaf manuscripts. Crisscrossing the city in his search, it was late evening before they located him, sitting in a yogic pose, silently watching the Ganges flow by. The setting sun behind his hut cash shadows on him, making him look a bit ghoulish and macabre. 

The guide went forward first and prostrated in the dried mud paving in front of him. "Pranaam", he mouthed nervously, and stood up with folded hands. The rishi, bade him to sit down, and explain his reason for disturbing the ascetic's meditation. As the guide explained in Hindi, the ancient turned his eyes at the foreigners, they were blazing red, but it was not with any ill will. He beckoned them to come closer, and they moved nervously towards him. He nodded at them to take their seats on the ground, which they could manage with some difficulty, after suitable adjustments to their lower garments. 

He held out his hand, obviously for the manuscript, and it was given to him. He quickly glanced at the first few leaves and let out a deep sigh. He handed back the bunch to our guide, and muttered something incoherent to the explorers. The guide translated that the sadhu was willing to interpret the writings, but as it was getting dark, he would start in the morning. They inquired as to what it would cost, the sadhu seemed to understand, and shook his head, signalling a negative, smiling as he did so. 

The survey team was really excited and thrilled at this breakthrough. They could not sleep, wondering what secrets would be unfolded. It was late morning by the time they made their way to his ashram, with gifts of fruit and vegetables, and found the sage, waiting for them, drawing deep of a chillum (clay pipe used to smoke hashish, ganja or opium). He offered it to his visitors, except the guide, the other's politely declined. They requested permission to light up their cigars, and it was granted with a wave of the old man's hand. 

He stretched his hand for the manuscript and instructed the guide in the local dialect. The guide looked the team and mentioned that, if they wanted to take notes, they could do so. The guru would read a line and the guide would translate into English as best as he could. He warned that the contents would be extremely shocking and should they wish him to stop, they could ask for it to be discontinued. The team was further puzzled and their curiosity, albeit with some nervousness, only grew more. 

Taking deep long draughts from the chillum, holding it in his puffed chest for a minute each drag, the sadhu let out huge clouds of smoke, that lay like a haze over the assembled group. The sickly sweet odor of marijuana filled the area around, and the team felt a bit giddy and high after inhaling the foggy fumes. This second hand smoking was getting them stoned. 

Putting the chillum aside, the savant commenced reading from the ancient leaves. 

The following is an unexpurgated compilation from the notes of the survey team. 

The Dandhakaas or Dandhakavaasis were a fearsome feral people who lived around the Abujmarh hills, which are part of the much larger Dandakaranya forest, home to the brutal barbarian aboriginal race. Dandakaranya, literally meaning "the abode of the demon Dandaka", also finds mention in the Hindu epic, Ramayana. 

Legend has it that the Abujmarh hills were created when an asteroid struck the lower Gangetic plain. Resultant radioactivity from the blast caused genetic mutations amongst the indigenous Gonds who lived there. 

Due to genetic mutations, over many generations, they gradually developed unique reproductive systems. Born with extreme congenital deformities, they were tall, averaging above seven feet, large of frame and pitch black in color. A dirty coal black. The genital appendages were different from the original human Gonds, who were inhabiting the general area when the rock from the sky crashed into the ground. The mutants were composed of two orders, the Dwilings, twin-sexed and Eklings, uni-sexed. 

About twenty percent of Dandhakaa natives were Dwilings, twin-sexed. They were either bi-phallic, ie they were born with two penis, or bi-vaginal, ie two cunted. The man juice of the doubled dicked was produced by a single pair of large orange sized testicles. The twin-pussied were slightly different anatomically, with two full sets of feminine reproductive systems. 

Their menstrual periods ran their own individual cycles and were rarely coordinated in timing. The twin-sexed Dwilings formed the upper strata of Dandhakaa society irrespective of parentage. Only those blessed with a pair of penis, ie fully male, could bear weapons and formed the core of the fighting army, who would routinely maraud their neighbours. 

A miniscule number amongst the twin-sexed were the twin-gendered Hijras, aka futanari or hermaphrodites, with fully developed and functional male and female reproductive organs. Amongst them, there were two categories, male organ above the female, the he-woman and vice versa, the she-man. 

The female organ above male, she-men, were rarest and automatically became the exclusive preserve of the King. 

The tribe leader would copulate with a she-man, by inserting his lower member into the androgyne's womanhood, while receiving it's manhood up his arse. He would either masturbate his upper member or have it fellated. 

Others had dual vagina and they were the exclusive domain of the bi-phallic elite. Their sexual activities of bi-phallics included taking a twin cunted woman by pussy and anus or into both love holes in wild orgies. They would shove both organs in without much foreplay as they were semi priapic. 

The rest of the populace, the uni-sexed Eklings, who possessed normal human type genitalia ranked lowest in social order. But for their genitalia, they resembled the Dwilings in every other way. In fact Ekling men averaged larger penile length and girth than Dwilings. 

Any newborn to Dwilings, who resembled the lower class Dandhakaash Ekling, was cast off and grew up as a lower class. Any fortunate parents of a newborn Dwiling to Ekling motherhood, qualified for upper class, were rewarded handsomely, and the infant adopted by the superior class. 

There was no concept of marriage, it was a free for all as far as sex was concerned in the community. Inter class copulation was forbidden and punishable by death. This rule was relaxed only on the battlefield. However this did not stop inferior class womenfolk to steal a quickie with any amorous upper class, in the desperate hope to breed an upper class infant. 

Or even single cocked Ekling men to take it up their arse, in the hope of carrying the upper class cum home to impregnate their females. In order to be prepared for such eventualities, Ekling men would regularly roger and get rogered by their brethren. Indulging in sexual activity was the main tribal pastime. 

They periodically attacked neighbouring provinces and were nomadic in nature, plundering the jungle and villages and moving on. Their power would wax and wane based upon the resistance of the kingdoms attacked and availability of food. It was rumoured that cannibalism was prevalent, and during periods of famine, if there were no animal food, they would set upon each other and devour the weak and old to sustain themselves. 

After being vanquished some twenty years back, the Dandhakaas had retreated to their lair deep within the forest. Their then King had been killed in battle. It took a new generation, as always to rebuild, to select Alpha Male after Alpha Male as the hard loined pair pronged brutes fought incessantly against daily challenges to supremacy. 

The rules of engagement were to fight till you killed your foe or be killed. This tenet served to reduce challenges, and establish the suzerainty. The current leader would be constantly egged to lead another raid on the humans. It was tricky tribal politics to keep the balance. 

The Avani, the frontline kingdom to the west of them, was always the first to meet the Dandhakaa onslaught. They had been informed about the imminent attack and had also amassed an army of thirty thousand with promise of backup of an equal number by the hinterland provinces. A north south mountain range was the natural hindrance to the barbarians, the single pass was a bowl shaped ridged valley, likely formed by a fragment of the same asteroid that hit the region. It was here that the two armies would face off. 

The Dandhakaa King had offered peace to Avani for safe passage to the next kingdom to plunder, but the Queen of the Avani would have none of it, as she did not trust a hundred thousand savages walking thru without disturbing Avani citizens. Besides, it would show up as being cowardly to the nations beyond their borders. 

Having built up his near hundred thousand horde of Eklings and Dwilings, with the arrow fodder of his clan's lower class Eklings in front, and his hatchet and mace wielding bi-phallic Dwilings behind them, they gathered halfway downhill the eastern side of the dust bowl that was to be today's killing fields. 

The Avani was similarly positioned on the opposite ridge. Their numbers were less than half his headcount. Though better trained, they were won't to panic at the vast numerical lopsidedness. 

He watched the milling about of his warriors and got immensely aroused. Some Dwilings were already fucking the lower class Eklings, disregarding any concept of gender preference. For single cunted women, such chances were a godsend, and that is the reason the lower class participated in battle very willingly. They clung on to the Dwiling, showering him with kisses and licking his face and upper body. They would offer their boobs to them to suckle on. 

The men did not mind getting banged either, as they hoped to carry the precious upper class seed to their women who could get the eye or attention of a Dwiling, daubing their cocks with it before ploughing their women's slits. 

The lord's dual dicks began to gradually grow harder and longer in the excitement of seeing the battle unfold. Each penile prong was eleven inches long, with six inch girths. They made every woman he fornicated with, cause to walk with a bend for days after he screwed them. He was sure of victory this time, and had set himself on a throne made from a huge mastodon skull to watch the upcoming bloodshed on the battlefields. 

He would plunder the single pussied Avani strumpet soon, shoving both his rapiers into her single cunt, the whore who dared call his challenge and rebuff his offer. He intended to imprison her and fill her with his seed till she bore him a brat. He drooled at the prospect of fucking her unconscious. 

The usual game plan of the Dandhakaas was to rush at the opposing force using Eklings. This time the Eklings were carrying pots of poisonous snakes and scorpions, carefully collected and reared for the last two decades. They were to hurl these over the Avani frontline. On shattering the release of the extremely angered venomous reptiles was sure to cause great confusion and some very painful deaths. 

Around the King's vantage point on the tall platform squatted Dandakhaashi women and chosen futanari, were each clawing at themselves with long nailed fingers and waiting for their Lord to beckon. Eyes red with lust and hunger. The braver among them, with large breasts, crept up to his seat and tentatively licked at the reddening bulb of his lower penis. 

The pots were hurled at the Avani frontline. They burst, releasing the reptiles and arachnids. Unsure and wary of the contents, the well trained ranks of the Avani, had stepped back from the bursting jars, giving clear ground of about 15 feet from impact. 

The creatures were blinded by the sudden outdoor light after years of darkness and they were quickly speared and stamped out. An isolated sting here and there was quickly contained by the medics on hand. The first salvo was contained with very little damage. They awaited the Dandhakaas next move. The failure to achieve what they thought was a good move, caused murmurs, and an order to rush the Avani frontline was shouted. 

The King was dismayed by the failure of the first tactic. He slapped his thing in rage. Spurred by the daring of her harem mate, another bi-cunted bimbo dashed out and clasped the head of the upper phallus with her mouth and sucked vigorously. He smacked them away, but held them by her matted locks, one to each side. The harlots were face up, and had their backs arched towards their master, their bushy mounds pulsating in anticipation. Their daring would be rewarded. 

He savoured the unwashed stench reeking from the two wenches, as it wafted to his flared nostrils. He was enjoying the hundreds of thousands of his marauding minions charging naked with their dual phalluses also erect with blood and adrenalin. He wanted to enjoy his two pricks rise hard on their own, with the battle thrill, without need for the woman's help. 

The Dandhakaas stepped back half a furlong, compressing themselves as a pack. The rear lines held fast, to cushion the pressure, and the whole force grew taut, the rearward move, much like the buildup before a tsunami. 

And a tsunami it was, of a rushing tide of black people. The rear line started to also push forward briskly. This was a standard tactic and the Avani were prepared with their own secret countermeasure for this encounter. They knew that the front of the surge would not be carrying much weaponry, so did not wish to harm the unarmed. 

He watched the front lines engage. His phallic pair was throbbing. Two more bi-pussied women darted out and went to work on the cunts of the two who were held by their tufts. Another two sprang forward and started to work their gnarled and calloused fingers and palms on his erect pokers, the rest joined in abandon, fingering his arsehole, each other, sucking breasts, clawing pussy, as double dicked soldiers rushed on towards the bloody melee. 

"Aaaaarrrrnnnnggghhhh", he snarls, and the first line of Avani opposition is about to be beaten down. A rain of arrows is showered from the Avani side. Lifting the left bitch and clamping her down, as she cowered on all fours, he skewers her arsehole as she whimpered in pain and ecstasy. Lifting the other, he twisted her body to lie on the back of the first, he withdraws and thrusts his upper dick into the waiting and vaginal orifice of the second to her wild shrieks. The rest of the whores rush to support the two impaled she gorilla like women, as he stood up and signalled for a pot of toddy by grunting "Uuuuuusssshhh". 

The Avani front line crouched, holding something looking like a long rope. Just behind them was a line of soldiers holding canes and whips. As they saw the rush about to commence, the ends of the Avani frontline started running in opposite directions, effectively encircling the huge Dandhakaa mob. Fire arrows were streamed at the rushing aboriginals to slow them. 

Quaffing the toddy from the pot, the chieftain commenced slow sheathing movements to the accompaniment of howls and squawks from the women getting augered by his twin cocks. The upper slut fainted from exhaustion of his continued spearing of her pussy. The witch was dragged off, thick tool emerging from her twat with a loud thwuck sound like a champagne cork. 

The lower hag collapsed too and was dragged off as well. Two other barbarian broads were getting into position for their leader's now free cocks, rubbing their breasts over his hairy bushy chest. He snarled at their ministrations and grasped their tresses to hold them close and others moved swiftly to grasp at his engorged phalluses and balls. He let them suck and nibble at his dicks and chew at his balls. 

It was a fight with the Dadhakaas on the inside with a strong force of Avani sword and spear wielding warriors now at the forefront of the battle. The rope like thing that the Avani were carrying was a huge net with which they were using to ensnare as many of the hooligans as they could and haul them off. The bunch were just too many to contain with such a simple measure. The battle commenced in earnest. 

He wanted to build himself slowly, not to erupt. He was lusting for the Avani whore queen, who would be his soon. The thrill of the initial battlefield victory had built up extreme frenzy in the ranks and some Dwiling warriors were raping Avani soldiers in their arseholes with their erect rods. Some with lower phallus inside, with the upper rubbing against the victim's arse crack. Other's riding the hapless human hole with the upper while the lower cock rammed at the unfortunate one's balls. 

He glanced at a double cunted female and she dashed over, almost falling over the writhing bodies on the chariot floor. Holder her by her upper body, his hands under her arms, with a perfect aim and a violent shove skewered her two cunts perfectly on his twin phalluses. More hags rushed in, some licking at the arseholes, some on her mammaries. 

The impaled wench let out a long loud wail like a banshee, the sheer brute force of his fucking her in two pussies, she never stopped screaming and yelling. "I am your's Lord ... Take me ... Ahhh Ahhh ... Lord ... fuck me ... master ... ah ... master ... ah ... leader ... oh ... ah ... oh ... aaahhhhhh", the female brayed gutturally. Her eyes were rolling in their sockets as she felt the surges overtaking her senses. It took just under two minutes for her to pass out in pleasurable pain of his pricks. 

Effectively trapped by the near circular formation of the Avani , the Dandhakaa Dwiling's fought like the near demons they were. They were hurling the dead corpses into the Avani lines, virtually smothering them. They gave no quarter, and the sheer numbers of the mutants started to overwhelm the Avani army. 
