 Note: Will try and post another chapter every week or so. 

I'd say I wrote the story for two reasons:

I'm a big Tolkien fan and wanted to create my own kinda fantasy world, though obviously its crossed here with erotica, with a bit of sci-fi thrown in.

I also wanted to play with gender roles. Imagine a world where women want sex more, and its men who are traded and fought over like valuable commodities?

*****

I was right. That was not the end of it.

After Lolla came Zolta, then all of the brunettes, one by one. All seemed desperate for my seed, like I was producing heroin instead of semen. By the third or fourth women I was shooting blanks. They had to have sucked a week's worth of cum out of me, and still they kept going.

At some point, late in the night, they finally seemed to give up. All of the women lay down by the fire to sleep. I remained tied to the tree, exhausted, where I eventually drifted off in turn.

Come morning, I was barely saved from a renewed assault.

"Come Zolta, there's no time! The pixies will be hunting for us by now" Lolla ordered, as the massive blonde reached for my cock once more. 

Zolta let out a frustrated growl, then leant down to untie the bond around my wrists. With one hand she grabbed me about the waist and hauled me over her shoulder. She carried me there, stark naked, like a toddler. My dick flopped about beside her left breast with her every step.

She held a heavy rucksack over her other shoulder, attached to which was her metal shield, while a heavy spear was in her other hand. All of the women carried similar possessions. One of them had gathered up all my stuff that had fallen to the ground the previous night.

"What's this tiny?" Lolla demanded, holding my sidearm up in the air. It looked puny between her massive fingers.

"Uh...nothing" I replied, trying to sound earnest. "It does nothing, I swear!"

"Useless then!" she declared, but she put it in her own sack all the same, with the rest of my things.

In single file, the giant women moved their way through the forest, Zolta about halfway along the line. It quickly grew hot. Despite my lack of clothes, before long I had stopped shivering. The forest was humid, much warmer than where I had first crash-landed up in the hills. With the sun nearing its zenith, the women stopped for lunch - I was the first course.

"You've had him all morning!" one of the brunettes pleaded, as Zolta lowered me to the ground and straddled me. Zolta snarled at her like a wild lioness, looking down at me.

"Let others have a turn Zolta, you're being very impolite" Lolla said, who by now I had assumed was the leader of the group. Zolta snarled again, looking down at my like I was a juicy slice of cake someone was about to steal, but finally relented, lifting herself off my waist. No sooner had she vacated than the brunette took her place.

Her skin was a touch darker than the others. Her features looked somewhat Hispanic, with black hair and almond eyes. She smiled as she looked down at me. She seemed a touch gentler than the others. When she reached for my cock, she held it gently, running her fingers along it with a feather-light touch. Despite my exertions the previous evening, I was soon growing hard.

The rest of the women had sat down to watch, a few producing food. Lolla ripped off a handful of bread and threw it to me.

"There tiny! Eat up!"

I reached for the bread, with had fallen on the grass nearby. It was difficult to concentrate on eating with the Hispanic women's lips descending on my cock. She was soon sucking away merrily, letting out moans of pleasure as she deep-throated me expertly.

The other women were laughing again. Most had pulled down the strips of cloth around their waists again, masturbating furiously. Was there no end to the sex drives of these women?

Just as I was nearing climax however, I heard another noise over the collective jerk off. Something whistled past, almost like a bullet, and landed nearby with a dull thump.

I looked around. One of the other brunettes was lying against a tree not ten feet from me. An arrow was now sticking out of her chest, blood spurting from the wound. For a moment there was a stunned silence, before the forest filled with noise.

"Up, up! Pixies! Get up!" Lolla screamed, reaching for her own shield and sword. She was quick enough, but more arrows were already landing amongst her companions. Three more took arrows, though that didn't seem enough to stop them.

The women on me looked up, her face furious. She let out a scream of fury at the interruption, leaping off me and gathering up her weapons. An arrow took her in the shoulder all the same, but she barely seemed to notice it.

All six of the giant women had now arrayed themselves into a circle, centred on me. More arrows were raining down on them, from attackers I only dimly perceived moving between the trees. High-pitched voices could be heard, though also female, as if we were under attack by a horde of girl scouts. 

Arrows clanged off the women's shields, each of which had to be nearly six feet across, covering their wielders almost completely. A few were bleeding heavily from arrow wounds, their brows sweating above angry faces. After a few more moments, Lolla looked at me, then back at the forest around them. She seemed to make a decision.

"Forget it, lets go!" she shouted, before moving off to the side. The rest of the women followed, maintaining the shield wall. More arrows followed them, but the sounds of battle soon grew quieter. 

I lay where I was, too shocked and exhausted to do anything else. The thought of running occurred to me, but where would I run? I was naked, in the middle of a strange forest. Moments passed, the sounds of distant screams and clangs still present, before a figure cautiously emerged through the trees near me. It was again a woman, though she looked about as different to the others as I could imagine.

Where Lolla and her companions had been large, this girl was petite. Where they had looked fierce, this one looked utterly docile. Where they were strong, this one looked fragile. She couldn't have come any higher than my chest, and had a cuteness about her that transfixed me immediately, like the human personification of Bambi.

She was, however, holding a sturdy looking bow, in which was sheathed an arrow, it was pointed inches from my head.

So these were pixies, I thought.

The tiny woman was looking at me carefully, suspicion in her eyes, cute or not. She was soon joined by several others. 

All of the pixies looked very similar. All topped out at about five feet in height or less. Their figures were slight. They carried similar weapons - mostly bows and knives. They wore strips of cloth around their waists and chest, much like the others, though with splashes of what looked like war-paint on several of their faces. Beneath the thin cloths, their breasts looked delicate and perky, bouncing about whenever the moved. Their size would have been average to large on regular-sized women, and looked even more impressive on their slight frames.

The sounds of battle had faded by now. Lolla and her band in full retreat. There was a growing chorus of conversation, all carried out in excited, shrill voices. More pixies entered the clearing. Soon there were dozens of figures, maybe thirty or more. A leader soon emerged.

She strode to the front of the group, followed diligently by those behind her. She was a couple of inches taller than the others, but still couldn't have reached my shoulder. Her hair was short and a bleach blonde. Her skin was a milky white, like it was impossible to tan. Her nose and mouth and ears were tiny. To complete the picture were her bright silver eyes. I stared at her, again transfixed.

Despite these pleasant features, her face was set into a frown. She looked angry.

"Who are you?" she cried, striding over until she was standing over my naked body. She looked me up and down, her eyes lingering on my cock, which was only just starting to soften, so fast had been their attack. For a moment I was unsure what to say, still trying to comprehend my new circumstances.

"Who are you?" she repeated, jabbing the end of her bow in my chest. I gasped painfully, before I finally found my voice.

"I'm Jason" I said, quite truthfully.

"Where are you from?" the little women demanded. I just shook my head.

"Not here."

She stared at me, apparently doing some serious thinking.

"Tie him up. We'll take him with us."

Several other figures moved forward, rope in their hands. The leader looked around the group.

"We're heading back to Greentree! Come on!"

There was a murmur of assent, and the group began to move out. I raised myself to a sitting position.

"Can I at least walk?" I asked of my new captors.

"Of course" one replied, holding out a length of rope. "We're not carrying you."

I was allowed to stand. Several of the pixies had stopped to pick up any possessions the other group had left behind. I noticed one holding my jumpsuit.

"Can I put my clothes back on?" I asked, as the nearest pixie starting tying my wrists. She seemed surprised.

"Why do you need clothes?" she asked, smirking.

I wasn't sure what she meant.

"I'd rather be wearing clothes" I said, as I was led off, at least three different pixies holding the rope.

"Why?" the pixie replied, reaching out a tiny hand and pinching my right buttocks. "You look cute."

I flushed red - was this not over?

Other pixies gathered around me as the party marched through the woods. From knee to shoulder hands touched me all over. The pixies were giggling, looking up at me with a now familiar look of hunger. What was with these women?

I thought back to what Lolla had said last night however - could this really be Orgasmia? I had heard the rumours, years ago. The story seemed to hard to believe. I dismissed it as a perverted fantasy.

The idea was that, centuries ago, one of the major companies had settled in a new star system, hundreds of light years from core space, on the very edge of the expansion zone. 

They had terraformed the world, as had happened to so many thousands of others. Few had ever been colonised so far from Earth however, and this world was not your usual colonial settlement.

The company in question - Pleasure Franchises, was known for its outrageous theme parks - sex theme parks. From one end of human space to the other were dotted thousands of such locations, essentially massive brothels, where one could find any kind of perverse pleasure imaginable. 

Many had objected to this practise of course, entire worlds had banned them, but in most they had persisted. The workers in such parks were not ordinary people however. Pleasure Franchises had originally been on the frontier of genetic engineering.

They were experts at breeding nymphites.

I had seen them from time to time - though a humble cargo hauler could rarely afford such an experience. They were designed and bred to be perfect companions, suiting any taste you could imagine. Tall? Short? Busty? Insatiable? Whatever you fancied. I had always thought Orgasmia just a legend however.

The story was - Pleasure Franchises had gone a step further. They had founded and terraformed a new world, not with the intention of opening it up to colonists, but to tourists.

One giant, world-spanning theme park, populated by millions of horny nymphites.

But the project had never gone ahead, that had been the official story. It was too outrageous, a whole world of genetically engineered sex slaves. The puritans of human space would have immediately shut it down.

And maybe they had, I realised, thinking back to my downed spacecraft. Was this the secret someone was willing to kill to protect? Were these the nymphites? Centuries on? But what had happened to the park? What had happened to the guests?

"I'm sorry" I said cautiously, surrounded by the troop of pixies as they walked through the woods, moving surprisingly quick on their tiny feet. "But could you please tell me where I am?"

The ones holding my rope looked back. A dainty-looking one with bright green hair looked at me suspiciously.

"You are in the wildlands, just south of the frontier of the Federated Pixie Tribes."

This meant little to me, I tried my luck again.

"Where were those other women from?"

The green-haired pixie looked me up and down, taking in the entirety of my naked body.

"Amazonia of course" she replied, as if this was obvious. "They normally don't raid this far west, but some are desperate for any cock they can find."

"Oh" I said. Despite everything, I had to try and resist the urge to blush under her gaze. "So there's a shortage of men then?"

The pixie looked downright suspicious now, as if I was insulting her.

"Of course, as there is everywhere. How can you not know that?"

"I'm afraid I haven't been here very long."

The pixie looked even more confused.

"Then where do you come from?"

"The sky I suppose" I said, pointing up at it as best I could with my bound hands.

The pixie stopped, as did the others holding the rope. The rest of the group continued to move forward, but many were turning to look.

"Do not insult me, Jason the stranger!" the pixie said, and my eyes widened as she pulled an appreciably large knife out of a pouch on her waist. Its blade appeared to be metal. "You may be big and beautiful, but if you misbehave, I will chop off your cock!" She waved the knife threateningly to make her point.

I nodded, trying to stammer out an apology. 

"I'm sorry, I am ignorant. I didn't mean..."

"Lickie, put that knife away!"

The Pixie leader had returned, clutching her own bow. "He is our captive. If you castrate him, you'll be licking my cunt every night until the world ends!"

Lickie the green-haired pixie turned away from me, re-sheathing her knife and tugging once more on the rope.

"Yes Ma'am" she said, sounding unhappy. "The man Jason's little cock shall stay!"

The party resumed its trek. My feet were soon sore, but the grass of the forest was thick, and I don't think I was cut or bleeding. We passed through more creeks and over a number of hills. The trees seemed to be getting taller, the highest reaching several hundred feet into the air. Finally, around dusk, we arrived at Greentree. 

It was some kind of fort, that much was obvious.

A wooden palisade sat on a large earthen mound, stretching several hundred meters around. A ditch, at least ten feet deep, had been dug around its outside. A wooden drawbridge was lowered at the party's approach. Passing beneath the gate, I saw the interior of the fort.

At its exact centre was an enormous tree, as large as any giant redwood on old Earth. It was at least a hundred meters tall, and maybe twenty in circumference. Around its base had been constructed several wooden buildings, what seemed to serve as storehouses and barracks. More pixies were moving about. Some stood guard in towers spaced around the palisade. Others were walking along the branches of the mighty tree. Ladders and treehouses could be seen extending high up its extent. Inside its walls, the troop of pixies halted.

"Bring me the prisoner" ordered the leader, looking me up and down once more.

I was led into a nearby building, ducking down to avoid the top of the doorframe. The interior smelled of woodsmoke and damp Earth, though it was not altogether unpleasant. Rows and rows of what looked like simple beds had been placed in its interior, enough to house up to a hundred people.

"Take him to my quarters" the pixie ordered, and the three holding my rope led me through the barracks. At the other end of the room was a short staircase, leading up to a second story. There were more rooms here, leading off a main corridor. I was led down it maybe halfway, before one of the pixies opened a door into another room.

Inside was another bed, this one more spacious - large enough for a man even. There was a desk and other simple furnishings. A window showed the view outside, interrupted by thick wooden bars. With the rope, I was tied to one of the bars. Lickie stuck her tongue out at me at they left.

"Bye bye, tiny Jason!" she said, slamming the door again.

Exhausted, from the better part of two days walking or being carried across this strange land, I sat gratefully into a nearby wooden chair. It was barely higher than my knees, but it would do. Aside from the bed, everything in the room seemed pixie-sized. 

Some time passed, maybe half an hour. I was dozing, sitting against the wall by the time the door opened again. I jerked awake, looking around, at the now darkened room

A pair of pixies entered the room, carrying two laden trays. Without even looking at me, they placed them on the table in the centre of the room. One held a lit candle, which she used to light several others spaced around the room, before they departed. Moments later, the leader of the troop of pixies came in.

She had changed her outfit somewhat. She wore the same strips of cloth around her waist and chest, but had also adorned herself with several pieces of jewellery. She now wore a necklace, gold-coloured, with a number of red and green gemstones - perhaps rubies and emeralds. Silver bracelets adorned her wrists, while her light blonde hair had been put into an elaborate bun on put of her head. On her feet meanwhile, she had replaced the sandals she had been wearing with a pair of what were unmistakably high-heeled shoes - a bright blue. They rose her height up a few more inches, until she could almost have been an average human women.

The sight shocked me. Aware of my nakedness, I tried to find somewhere else to look. This did not seem to please the pixie.

"You don't wish to look at me?" she asked, she voice a gentle purr. She stepped forward, taking the seat opposite me across the table. The trays, I saw now, were laden with a meal - fruit, vegetables and what looked like roasted pork. The smell had just hit me, and my stomach was rumbling.

"Please, eat" the pixie invited me. "You must be hungry."

I nodded. My hands were still bound. Awkwardly, I raised them on the table, reaching for a cobb of what appeared to be corn. The pixie tut-tutted.

"Oh yes, where are my manners?" she said. From her pouch she drew a knife. I froze as she raised it over my wrists, but she grabbed them with her other hand gently and merely used the knife to cut the rope. I rubbed my wrists, looking at her in surprise.

"You're welcome" she said. "I'm sorry for doing that to you, but it wouldn't do to have you run off. You are our guest now."

I nodded.

"Thank you" I said, quickly reaching for my meal. I was not provided with a knife and fork, but after what I had endured over the last few days, I did not mind. The pixie ate with her hands as well, though she speared her meat on the end of her own knife. 

"Do you have a name?" I asked between mouthfulls.

The pixie smiled, almost shyly.

"Of course, I am Trixie. Frontier Garrison commander of Greentree."

I nodded.

"How many of you are here?"

"Three hundred" she replied. "One of twelve forts along the southern frontier."

The meal continued. I was soon full. I felt like sleeping again, but Trixie seemed to have other ideas. She had finished her own meal, but was now eyeing me with a very different hunger.

"Its difficult, commanding out here" she said, wiping her mouth with a small cloth. "We have three hundred pixie warriors, all on their own. Many have not seen a man in months. They get lonely, desperate even."

Trixie stood up. Her full height standing was slightly more than me sitting. Her jewellery rattled as she moved. She walked around the table, looking over my body carefully. Slowly, she turned around, lowering herself in my lap.
