 This night like every other Adi was in the middle of an extremely erotic dream when she felt a hand gently shake her shoulder and Jenny's face appeared between Adi's half open eye lids. Before Adi could make a noise Jenny drew her up to her feet and stealthily motioned for her to follow, leaving the sleeping pixies in the clearing. After following Jenny for a while in silence Adi stopped them and asked Jenny what was going on. 

"I think that cave is the way out, why else would the pixies not want us to go in there?" Jenny replied the prospect of going home shining brightly in her eyes. 

"I don't know Jenny they seemed genuinely terrified of the place." Adi said, more aware of the kind of magic in this place. 

"Well I'm going, you wont come with me?" Jenny asked determination giving her voice force. Taken back a little Adi agreed to go with the girl, if only to protect her. 

They found the cave easily and spent an uneasy moment at it's mouth as the women's will was put to the test. Her mind made up Jenny took the first step forward and into the cave. Adi followed closely behind as they walked a few paces into the dimly lit cavern. A large assortment of mushrooms covered almost every available space, including the walls and ceiling. They could see that the cave only burrowed down about 30 feet before ending in a solid wall of rock covered by mushrooms. 

Disappointment showed clearly on Jenny's face as they wandered around and found no exit other then the on they had entered through. As there search came to an end the mushrooms began to pulse and vibrate growing larger. Here we go again Adi thought to her self, soon enough they would be taken by who knows how many tentacles. 

She hoped they would be gentle! Instead of assaulting them the mushrooms stopped growing and seemed to take a collective sigh. Clouds of spores sprayed out from underneath the caps of the mushrooms and the small cave was quickly filled with the tiny particles. Immediately the girls began to get sleepy and they collapsed in each others arms, falling into a deep sleep. 

They awoke suddenly standing on the steps of a large house. Adi looked down at herself and saw that she was dressed in a neon orange mini skirt with a matching tube top. Jenny was similarly dressed complete with 6 inch stilettos as a man behind them rang the doorbell. Quickly another man answered with a big smile on his face, "So these are the girls you found for us?" He asked, addressing the men behind them. 

"Yep, just give them some dope and they will do anything you want." He replied and was gone. 

The two women glanced at each other completely disoriented, where were they, and how had they gotten there? Just minuets before they had been naked trapped somewhere in the amazon jungle, now they were dressed like a couple of prostitutes who knows where. The guy looked them over critically and asked, "New to this huh?" 

"Ummm... I guess so." Adi replied confused, there was something not right going on here but she couldn't quite place her finger on it. 

What had the pixies said, something about bad dreams, oh well she would just have to see where things lead her. "Well, we wont be to hard on you then." He said with a smirk as he ushered them into the house. The place was packed with people, loud music played what sounded like techno, and alcohol and drugs were everywhere. Jenny watched in amazement as a man and women bent over a table and snorted lines of coke while another group of people crowded around a table loudly playing drinking games. 

Everywhere they went people cheered, it appeared that they had been waiting for them to arrive. As they pressed into the main room Adi was repeatedly fondled, and found she wore no panties as a rough hand reached up to explore her pouty lips. Adi saw that Jenny was having the same problem as a man came up behind her and juggled her tits around. Jenny stood paralyzed with fear and confusion as another man hiked her skirt up and played around with her 18 year old pussy. 

They were lead to a large plush shag carpet in the center of the room where a video camera was set up circled by various seating implements. Still completely confused the 2 girls were presented with a bag of coke and told that it would be theirs at the end of the night. Adi felt a strong need to do the coke even though she had never done the drug before. Jenny also stared at the pile with a hunger she had never felt before, even though she hadn't even seen the stuff before. What, or who were they right now? 

The coke was taken away before they could do any of it and everyone started taking their cloths off, men and women alike. Before long a group of men pounced on the two women and their skimpy clothing was ripped off. For a moment they stood there surrounded by leering naked bodies. Jenny tried to cover herself but Adi knew exactly what was going to happen, they were about to be fucked like a couple of whores. Unfortunately there was nothing they could do about it. Some one slapped Jenny's ass hard and she yelped as another tweaked her nipples. 

Tears streamed down her cheeks but no one seemed to notice. For the moment Adi was left alone as the younger girl was violated. Another guy slipped his finger up Jenny's milk dude and when she jumped laugher rippled around the group. The same guy who had lead them around grabbed Jenny and kissed her roughly, his cock smearing pre cum across her stomach. Slowly he released her face and pushed her down to her knees, presenting his cock to her mouth. When she made no move to start sucking the man chuckled, "Where does Jack find these girls?" He mused before forcing Jenny hard onto his cock. 

Then she was blocked from view as the crowd surged forward and Adi had her own problems to deal with. Someone came up behind her and pressed his dick between her butt cheeks as he reached around and fondled her formidable breasts. Another grabbed her hand and moved it to his semi hard member. Reluctantly she began to jack him off as another man began to finger her cunt, while still others grabbed and pinched every available inch of her body. Adi knew deep down in her heart that this couldn't be real, though she wouldn't have believed that she would ever end up trapped in a magical cavern either. 

So she decided to do whatever these people wanted until an opportunity to escape presented it's self. The hands fondling her tits were removed only to be replaced by several others and she felt a tongue explore her butt hole. By now she was jacking a hard cock in each hand much to the delight of the crowd when she felt another hard cock replace the tongue. Her butt cheeks were spread and without any further warning the cock was rammed up her asshole. The unlubed rod made her wince in pain as it invaded her hole and she let a gasp escape her lips. This brought more laughter as the guy behind her tried to fit more of himself in her tiny hole. 

She was pushed forward and came eye to eye with several cocks. She started sucking on one as best she could without her hands, as they were both busy. Adi tried to relax her sphincter as much as possible as the guy mercilessly continued pumping away. Fortunately he was only going about half way in each time. The guy who's dick she was currently sucking grabbed her head and began to pump his cock down into her throat. Why did guys always have to be so rough she asked her self as her throat was painfully fucked. 

Suddenly one of the guys she had been jacking off removed his cock from her hand, and the cock was popped out of her surprised mouth as the man moved around in front of her and began jacking off furiously. In only a couple seconds he moaned and sprayed his load right in her face. The surprised, angry look that must have flashed across Adi's face made everyone laugh again as another cock was presented to her. Adi began sucking again, or really she just keep her jaw wide open as the guy fucked her face.  

It wasn't long before he tensed and the first warm gobs of cum of the night shot down her throat filling her mouth with it's salty taste. She swallowed most of it effortlessly and the guy removed his cock from her mouth after milking every last drop onto her tongue. Quickly another dick was shoved down her throat and the rotisserie continued. Shortly cum filled her asshole and the cock was removed only to be replaced by another a moment later. 

This went on for what seemed like forever until she was swung around with a guy underneath her, his glistening cock shoved tightly up her pussy. She rode him for a while as guys jostled with each other for a turn in her mouth. By now she had cum covering most of her body, but she hardly noticed as she never had a second without a cock in her mouth. At least her ass was getting a break she thought to herself as yet another guy cam all over her face. 

Her moment of reprieve was short lived, as the man switched deftly from her pussy to her ass and a huge black man prepared to spear her from the front. Adi cringed as she sat back engulfing the mans dick to the balls in her ass as the huge black man prepared to enter her tired pussy. When he thrust into her she thought she might pass out from the pain of her two holes being filled but that quickly changed as pleasure blossomed from her loins. 

Her head was pulled back and yet another cock was shoved down her throat as she bounced back and forth on the two monster cocks. She might be in a bad position but her body responded to the ravaging and soon she was adding her own thrusts to the two guys own. The men couldn't help but cum quickly as she cried out in pleasure. The fucking went on none stop for hours until finally people started to clear from the room. 

Now only about 10 men remained crowded around the two exhausted girls. Adi had been sucking the same guys dick for about half an hour, she would make him cum and then he would fuck her face with his soft cock for a while until he grew hard again and it would start all over again. The owner of the house announced that it was time for their bath and all the dicks were removed the holes they had been ramming. They were lead upstairs, ushered into a large bath tub, ad surrounded by the remaining men. 

Jenny looked pretty bad as tears mingled with the cum on her face. Exhaustion and despair showed clearing on her face when a large black dildo was thrown into the tub with them. "What should we have the sluts do boys?" He asked the group of guys.

"Ass to ass!" was the enthusiastic reply. 

"alright girls you heard them, we need a good show otherwise you'll never get your bath." He said with a sneer. Jenny stared at the huge black dildo without moving but Adi was becoming impatient with this whole ordeal so she grabbed the dildo and lubricated it with her own spit. 

She position Jenny on all fours and shoved the dildo right up her ass. It went up without much resistance and turning around on all fours she pushed the dildo up her own ass. The dildo disappeared up both their asses and the men cheered as they jacked off. Men took up positions in front of their faces and soon enough they were sucking dick again. As the men roughly fucked each girls face the dildo was forced further up their asses and Adi could hear Jenny whimpering. 

Finally the men began to cum and for the last time their bodies were covered with loads of the hot liquid. When each man had finished they were allowed to take a real bath and the two girls fell immediately asleep. 

They awoke as someone pulled them roughly a couple of feet. Adi cried out flailing wildly at the attackers, the reality of what had happened last night still fresh in her mind. "We tell you not go in there!" A pixie said sternly. 

"Human so stupid!" Another chimed in angrily. 

"Wha... oh god were back again." Adi cried out happily, it had just been a dream. But her throat was still bruised and her butt hole burned when she walked, so something had happened to them. Jenny was crying as the pixies did there best to console her. Adi gathered her up in her arms and together they walked to the pond where they could relax and recover.