 I submitted this same story last year under the title Astatin and was immediately overwhelmed by the ratings and comments. In an effort to constantly improve, I pulled the story to update based on reader feedback and procure professional editing. I hope you enjoy. ~Malcolm Moss

*****

Concealed by amber canopy, the multi-bladed saw churned into the crisp bark of the astatin tree. "That's it. Hoist it down," Maren called out once his tool was secure on his belt. 

The tremendous weight of the freed branch attempted to momentarily hoist Casi and his bulky partner from the crisp, yellow soil before they sank into their positions and took control of the ropes. Concentrating on the formidable mass as they lowered it to the ground, a shadow raced across the orchard so fast Casi couldn't be sure he saw it. 

"Maren?" he shouted at his friend gathering the saffron-colored gas from the exposed edge of the cut branch. 

"Yeah, I saw it." Tied to the tree and in the midst of a collection, Maren was in no better position to do anything about it. With the branch settled into the soil, Casi had scarcely lifted his head when he spotted the source between the massive tree trunks. He almost couldn't believe the sleek, black space runner passing over the expansive orchards of his modest home-world. Scanning what little sky he could make out under the cover of overlaid orange leaves, the Lorelein prince saw a group of at least a dozen more on the horizon. 

"Who do you think that is?" Maren shouted as he climbed down the truck with the gas canisters secured to his back. 

Meant to hold a half dozen people with large living quarters, the space runners were the preferred vehicle for shorter trips in space-a year or less. The ships racing over the orchards were outfitted with significant artillery contrary to the usual transport purpose of the ships.

"Don't know. Can't be good," Casi replied absently, his eyes locked on the foreboding sight. Space runners frequented the planet to collect their canisters of astatin gas, but only on their predetermined date. No shipments were planned for another week. 

The first ship turned to land in the clearing just outside the gate to the capital, slowly lowering to the ground with landing skids extended. The entire city was surrounded by the astatin orchards with only three access points. Someone knew exactly where they were going.

"Can you finish up without me?" Casi asked out of respect for his peers. He had full confidence they were capable of cutting the branch into manageable portions for distribution. Maren would take care to get the gas canisters back to the capital.

"Go on. You'll barely make it as it is," Maren said as he clutched the prince's shoulder. Nodding his thanks, Casi dropped his equipment belt and ropes, and took off toward the nearest gate. A strong runner, the prince had no problem keeping a fast pace. As he had many times in his life, he was grateful that his father had asked him to spend his days working alongside his people. 

King Vati could never have anticipated the physical strength that resulted from Casi's days in the astatin orchards. He was in peak physical shape, though too humble to ever admit it. Rather, he thought of himself as the nineteen year old prince who had a mountain to learn before taking over the responsibility of ruling a planet in such a complicated position. 

What started as an expedition to collect astatin, the farmers' descendants now occupied the single city on Lorelei-named for the beloved daughter of the first king. 

At a critical point in their growth, the astatin trees begin to produce a light yellow gas with the same name. Casi didn't know who exactly had figured it out, but somehow it became known that the gas would serve as the most effective fuel source for intergalactic vehicles.

Completely dependent upon the export of astatin gas, the Loreleins had no other natural resources. Instead, they purchased all food and water from other planets. Vati had spent his life avoiding political obligations or making enemies-as had his father, and his father before him-so that Lorelei could always maintain the trade agreements it needed to survive. 

Once past the orchard, Casi deftly sprinted through the tight streets and stair cases that filled the interior of the city. As he neared the city center, he found he could no longer see space runners in the sky. Whoever had come, they had landed; he didn't have much time. Pushing himself, Casi raced over the last blocks before reaching the only possible destination for an attack.

The centrality of the capital, the Tower of Lorelei served as home to the king and royal family, designed so that the ruler could look out over the astatin fields in every direction. 

Casi slowed his pace as he neared the door and tried to settle the racing in his chest. The run had taken more than he expected, and whatever happened next, he wanted to be prepared to handle it. As calm as he was likely to be, the Lorelein prince pushed open the door to see Vati shaking hands with a man he'd never seen before.

**********

Nearly jumping off the landing platform, Aphae relished the soil under her boots. Idle sitting was hardly her strong suit, and the metal prison of space transport did little to appease her appetite for action. Some days it seemed like she had spent her whole life training or waiting on a ship, with battles for territory only sprinkled between. 

Once on the ground, she began to coordinate the landings of the other space runners, though she became impatient with the time lost. Arnae was up to something; she didn't want to wait around too long to find out what. 

They had brought fifteen ships total to the planet's surface, although Aphae couldn't determine why her father had selected such a small number. On any other venture they would have come with two hundred, or just pulled the home ship itself into the planet and made quick work of it. Arnae should have shown his strength by bringing a large force to inspire immediate surrender. There was no reason to waste time with petty negotiations for such a defenseless planet. 

It was a long few minutes before each ship had landed and settled, spilling soldiers from their bellies like entrails from a slain foe. She set off with a group of five warriors to the only tall building in what seemed to be a very small city. Her father had said he wanted to speak to the king alone; Arnae usually got what he wanted and this day would be no exception. 

A strange ruler of the Eilaens, Arnae was the first man to rule them in four hundred years. The Eilaen culture honored the strength of women. A queen governed them and women were given access to the finest military training. When Aphae's mother died in a battle to possess a small outer planet, Aphae and her brother Entae were both too young to read, much less rule. Arnae had taken the throne out of necessity. In a few short months, she would inherit her queendom on her twenty-first birthday and finally be free from her father's weak perspective on ruling.

Shadowed by five women she would trust with her life, Aphae felt immortal. A long-sword beat rhythmically between her shoulders as she marched through the city. Her Nirethi hand-blade remained tucked into the holster on her thigh. Metal armor clanged and boots scuffed the yellow soil as the intimidating group neared the base of the tower. 

No guards barred their entrance, a good sign if it hadn't been for the lack of blood-stained soil. The Eilaen princess pulled the sword from her back and braced for an ambush. She could hardly believe when she reached the royal chambers on the second floor without a Lorelein soldier in sight.

Pushing open the elaborately-carved door, Aphae and her group of warriors waited for some pathetic excuse for militant force to come pouring out. When none appeared, she stepped carefully and slowly into the room until she saw her father standing with another man. 

"At last," he said at the sight of her. Instead of an introduction, Arnae gave her the signal to dismiss her warriors. The five armored women turned to leave, and one quickly pulled the door closed again. She was alone with the two men. 

The spacious room was intricately designed but also a bit worn, as if used ceaselessly for thousands of years. The walls were covered in panoramic scenes of crimson and bronze trees identical to the ones surrounding the city, though faded and cracked with age.

"Welcome, my dear." The older man, perhaps in his fifties, greeted her. His face was soft with wrinkles and covered with a long beard that hid many of his features. She correctly assumed that he was the king of the planet they would soon control. 

The kindness of the king set her on edge so that she didn't slide her sword into its scabbard right away. She looked uncertainly towards her father, curious to know what was going on. 

"Aphae, may I introduce Vati, King of Lorelei, and his son, Prince Casi." Aphae hadn't realized that there was a much younger man that stood near the door on the opposite side of the cavernous room. He was covered in sweat that caused his short blonde hair to fall into his face and stick to the edges. Her stomach dropped at once. *How did I miss him?* She took pride in always being aware of her surroundings; it had saved her life on countless occasions. 

Before she could make sense of it, the old king spoke again. "My dear, your father and I have come to some terms regarding the rule of Lorelei, and the possession of the astatin." Again, he spoke with a warmth Eilaens rarely employed, though he should have reacted the opposite. She didn't understand. 

"Father-" the prince started before the old king lifted a hand to silence him. At once, the young man composed himself to wait for an explanation, demonstrating a level of respect and self-control that Aphae could never exhibit. 

"King Arnae comes to us to obtain our astatin for his rebellion. In exchange for his assurance of the Loreleins safety, we have made arrangements which I know you will honor, son." The king settled his jaw and tightened his lips resolutely, and the younger prince only nodded his understanding. 

"Casi, you know what our people will do if they learn our home is threatened." 

"They will burn the fields to the ground. It prevents others from being able to take control from us. " The highly combustible gas flowing through every leaf, branch, and trunk in the orchard would make quick work of their only resource. 

"King Arnae has traveled here to acquire the astatin, and has a force large enough to prevent destruction of the crop. He is prepared to find and kill each man who attempts to burn the fields. It is to avoid that event that we have agreed to a compromise."

Aphae listened to the king's explanation, not at all sure how it related to her. If Arnae had already secured the astatin, then there was no reason for her to be there. Why had he instructed her to be part of the meeting?

Finally, Arnae turned to offer an explanation. "Aphae, you have fought many battles at my side, and you understand our need for this resource. You agreed to accompany me to the planet to ensure we obtained it. The only way to possess the astatin we need is to cooperate with some constraints made by King Vati. 

"First, the people of Lorelei will be allowed to live and work as they always have. Not a single person will be harmed. Second, they will continue to harvest the astatin. Forty percent will be supplied to us, and the rest will be used as trade for the food and water the people need. Third, you will marry Prince Casi." 

"Absolutely not!" Aphae let her mouth gape open unabashedly as the preposterous claim resonated. Her eyes fell to the soiled face of the young prince as her lips curled at the thought of him. 

"There will be no further discussion. The decision has been made, and you will follow through. In three days' time, the wedding preparations will be complete and you will be wed. Now, we return to our ships so the king can make his arrangements. 

The princess heard the words but failed move from her horror-stricken position. Arnae's strong hand appeared on her shoulder to usher her out of the room. Looking back, Aphae's eyes fell on the prince, her fiancé. A detestable excuse for a man, she would have nothing to do with him. She'd find a way to get out of it. 

**********

With the Eilaen king and princess gone, Casi was free to speak openly to his father about the situation. He took a moment to collect his thoughts so he could articulate his concerns in control of his voice. "You can't be serious," he started quietly. 

Slumping into the old, scarlet chair at the head of his table, Vati held a weathered hand over his face in shame. While Casi had seen him in that particular seat every day for the last nineteen years, he had never been so at war with himself. 

Lifting his hand slightly and gazing at his son beneath it, the king responded in a low, solemn tone. "Son, I have no choice. You have no choice. If you don't marry her, all our people will be killed, our planet destroyed. You must do it," he said as his wrinkled hand returned to cover his eyes. 

"I have been preparing my entire life to be a good leader to these people. I know that you must find a way to satisfy the king, but why is my marriage to the princess required?"

"I'm sorry my son, he insisted."

"But he told her-" 

"I know, I don't know why he lied. He wants her to stay on the planet to ensure a constant supply of astatin to his rebel troops. If she marries you, her position here is secure. And if you have children..."

Vati didn't finish the thought when he saw the wide-eyes on his son's face. Casi hated to be disappointing to his father, but he wasn't sure that he could do what was asked of him. 

He hadn't given much thought to who he would marry-at least, not yet. There were far too many more important things to manage before he took the throne. Prince Casi had dated a few of the girls in the city, but never for very long. He wasn't the type to be with very many girls, like so many other young men in Lorelei. He preferred to be more serious with a girl that was special, a girl that he really liked, but it hadn't happened yet. He wasn't sure that he could live the rest of his life with someone he didn't even know. 

And children? How could he have children with someone he didn't love? Silently, he refused to bring a child into the world if they would have two parents who hated each other. He wouldn't let it happen.

"Father, there must be something you can do?"

"No, my son. You have no siblings to take your place. I am too old to have any more children. I know that this will change everything for you, but it must be this way. Believe me, I am sorry." Vati looked emptied as he slowly stood and turned to leave the room. All that remained was a deserted Casi, alone with his thoughts. 

**********

"No, father. I won't." Aphae immediately said in her most stern voice. She had to make her father understand that she would not be tied to that planet, or that man. 

"You will. Your marriage to the prince secures Lorelei for us, forever."

"No, not here, and not him. He's disgusting and small and-"

"You suffer from some idea that this treaty is founded on your approval of him. He is the prince, and he's the one you will marry."

"I'm not some Gimushi whore to be sold in a trade agreement. I'm the Princess of Eilae." 

At mention of the first planet to be conquered in the rebellion, Arnae's jaw clenched in fury. "It is not up for discussion. The agreement has been made and you will honor it!" her father yelled as he turned on his heel to leave her at the door to her ship.

*How could he?* She was a warrior, a brilliant fighter. *I am the future queen.* She wouldn't settle for some monotonous drone of a life on an empty planet with only one man. 

Aphae thought of all the men she had taken in her twenty years. Eilaen tradition gave returning warriors their pick of any man or woman they chose. She had selected hers based on their broad shoulders or how tall they were. Any trait she thought might give some hint to a larger cock. Most times she had made a good choice; only once had she struck out. 

Not only would she only have one man for the rest of her life, it wasn't even a man she could pick. It wasn't even a man she would pick. He was tall for the men of Lorelei, and he appeared to have muscle under his shirt, but he was so much smaller than any other man she had experienced. She had always taken the biggest, most endowed warrior she could find. Now, she would marry a farmer. It was the worst fate anyone could have planned for her. Eilaen women were meant to have power, to rule, to be free. *There has to be a way out of this.* 

**********

The next three days were a blur for Casi. He tried to keep his mind occupied on the upcoming harvest by pulling extra hours to meet the deadline. A big shipment was due at the end of the week and he had to do his part to get ready. At least, that's what he told himself. It didn't hurt that the physical activity kept his mind on his hands and the exhaustion let him sleep at night. 

On the second day since the decision, Casi saw her as he returned to the tower from the orchards. Her chest and arms were covered in the Eilaen armor that somehow shimmered in the fading light. Dark hair draped across her shoulders and bounced with her movements. She saw him, too, caught his gaze, and did she smile? He couldn't tell in the advancing dim of evening. Before he could say a word, she turned away from him and disappeared down the sharp turns of the city streets.

The prince trudged the rest of the way home, kicking the toe of his boot into the astatin-tainted soil. It would have been nice to speak with her-or at least see her-before the wedding, maybe get to know her a little bit. A wedding to a stranger had never been how he pictured it for himself. 

As he walked through the city, he thought about all the people he knew there, all the people that worked in the orchards with him. He would do it to save them, to let them continue their lives. They would never even know of his sacrifice for them. 

*But that's what a king does. He protects his people.* He wasn't king yet, but his decisions to protect his people had to be made. As much as he didn't like it, his father was right. *It has to be done.* 

**********

Aphae fled the space runner when the sky started to darken. As the commanding officer, she really didn't need to avoid anyone, but she dreaded word getting back to her father. She moved silently down the metal stairs toward the door and slid outside. 

For the first few minutes, she walked alone down the quiet streets with her boots and battle garb, her favorite Nirethi knife at her waist. Under normal circumstances, she would only enter a new city after months of study and a flawless tactical plan. As it was, she found herself wandering aimlessly as she searched for her target.

At first, she ambled down empty streets and wondered where the Loreleins were. After a while, people started appearing in groups, making wide arcs around her and evaluating her attire. It was then that she remembered most worked in the orchards that surrounded the city. *They must be finishing their work for the day.* 

Once the streets began to fill, the princess kept her eyes open for a man that would suit her purposes. She thought herself a good judge of cock based only on outward appearance and set out determined to prove it once again. For one moment, she thought she saw the prince, her future husband, that pathetic excuse for a man that hardly deserved her. She smiled, inwardly laughing at how opposite he was to the men she usually experienced. Not wanting to explain herself, she quickly turned away. 
