 The very next morning, we set off from Greentree.

There were thirty in our party. Trixie led it herself, she seemed unwilling to leave my side in fact. My things had been returned that morning - even my sidearm, which I unceremoniously slipped into the pocket of my jumpsuit. Trixie had insisted on covering me with a dark blanket, which she wrapped around my head, and fell all the way to my knees, leaving only part of my face uncovered. It felt a lot like wearing a full Burqa. It was hot and uncomfortable, and I would have laughed at such an idea a week ago, but after the things I had seen since...

We left early in the morning, simply walking, as we had always travelled so far. Trixie informed me that there were horses elsewhere on Orgasmia, though they were rare here. I wasn't sure whether to be disappointed or not. The world was a little less fantastical then it might have been. Then again, I had never ridden a horse before. Maybe this was simpler.

A few hours later, my feet hurting, I was starting to change my mind. Apparently it was a three day walk to Pixmorr - the settlement Trixie had described. We were following a creek through the forest, slowly making our way downhill. I wasn't sure if it was the same one, but I didn't particularly care. The sun nearing its zenith Trixie raised her hand and called for a break. On any other planet, it would have been called a lunch break. Here, it was lunch and multiple orgasms.

Immediately, the Pixie warriors broke up into twos and threes. They lay down in the long grass by the creek, removing what little clothing they already possessed. Tongues honed in on cunts, and soon the air was filled with ecstatic, ear-splitting shrieks. 

Trixie herself had turned her attention to me, her blonde hair almost white in the bright sunlight. Taking my hand, she led me limply to a nearby tree. Grabbing me around the shoulders, she almost threw me to the ground. I had noticed by now that even the smaller Pixies possessed surprising strength. Was it a mere side-effect of the genetic engineering?

Trixie had soon peeled away enough of my jumpsuit to reveal my groin. She pulled my underwear down in turn. The last defences gone, she honed in on my member like a heat-seeking missile. Her lips closed in around the tip. With one hand she jerked its length furiously. The other reached for her own cunt, with equal vigour. Her eyes looked up at me with a hunger that had not diminished in the slightest from our last few days together. Within moments her whole body was writhing from the first of what I knew would be a number of earth-shattering orgasms. It was like my mere presence was having such an affect. Her moans grew steadily louder.

We repeated this process several times over the next hour, somehow finding time to fit in some actual lunch, before we continued. We made camp that night at another bend in the river. From their rucksacks the Pixies produced several strips of a silk-like material, which they hung together into a big tent. As soon as it was finished, they went at it again. It seemed just a few hours was enough to rev their sex drives back to full strength. The effect seemed to be mutual. Their bodies looked so small and tight, not a saggy bit of flesh anywhere, and breasts that were seldom below a D-cup. I seemed perpetually hard.

Apart from a few pickets outside on guard duty, we slept under the tent in what was essentially one big pile of bodies, with me in the centre. Trixie was once again stuck to my side as if glued there. The others closed in as well, seemingly eager for my mere touch - an arm here, a leg there. I could hear the sounds of gentle moaning as one Pixie or the other continued to masturbate late into the night. At one point it rained for a while, the sounds of the drops pitter-pattering on the tent fabric. The mass of petite bodies felt warm around me. It was blissfully comfortable.

We continued in this pattern, for the three promised days. The forest continued, unbroken. It was only on the last afternoon that the trees started to thin into open fields. Crops were planted in neat rows. Herds of what appeared to be cows and sheep grazed on grassy slopes. The odd labourer could be seen in the distance, so far they still appeared to be Pixies. I had not seen another man this entire time.

We had left the mountains far behind. Up ahead, I could make out the shimmer of what looked like a decent-sized river. Along its banks, a large cluster of buildings was visible, possibly capable of housing five or ten thousand people.

So this must be Pixmorr.

We were in the settlement's outer streets before we saw more people - still more pixies. The townsfolk seemed to dress slightly more conservatively than the warriors, but their faces looked just as pretty. I noticed their average height was a little shorter, closer to four feet than five. They stopped and nodded respectively at our passage, resuming their errands once we had passed. I caught more curious looks, despite the full burqa.

Down by the river we came to a large square. It looked like a combination of docks and marketplace. It was crowded with people, but at a glance it seemed more than just usually busy. I could hear excited shrieks coming from the local pixies. The bulk of them were gathered by the water's edge, where some sort of barge appeared to have been moored. We had barely entered the square when another pixie - one so young and small I could only have described her as a child, came up to us excitedly.

"Commander! Commander Trixie!" she shrieked, running forward and stopping right in front of her. She gave a curt bow.

"What's going on Buttercup?"

"There are males here!" she announced breathlessly, her face turning a deep scarlet. "Two of them are Ryans! And one is a Chad!"

There was another series of squeals as the pixie warriors absorbed this news. Their gazes turned to the gathered crowd, as if hoping to spot the source of their attention. I saw a number of them adjust their clothes, as if suddenly uncomfortable. It had been only a few hours since our last 'lunch break', but this seemed to have slipped their minds completely.

"We have a prisoner" Trixie informed the younger pixie. "We will need transportation up-river."

"Yes Commander" Buttercup replied, bowing again and running off. Trixie turned to me, taking my hand. The other pixies had already started to drift over to join the crowd.

"What's are Ryans? And Chads?" I asked innocently.

Trixie seemed surprised.

"Have you never seen any male nymphites?"

"Of course not, I'm from the sky, remember?"

Trixie looked at me curiously.

"They are most handsome men, the best lovers on all of Orgasmia! Not that you aren't beautiful yourself".

"But Ryans and Chads?"

"They are types of men - just as there are Pixies and Amazons. Ryans hare huge. They have great big muscles! Like this!" she explained, holding her arms wide apart, as if enclosing an enormous bicep. "And Chads - we'll, they're big too, but in one particular place - I doubt any Pixies women could even take-"

They were sudden screams from the crowd. We had moved a little closer, and I could finally see the objects of their attention.

About half a dozen men stood on the edge of the barge, elevated a few feet above the wooden breakwater that lined the river. I say 'men', but somehow that word didn't seem generous enough. These guys had bodies like something out of a cartoon.

Three of them looked merely 'impressive'. They were at least my equals in height, and had bodies that wouldn't have looked too out of place in a bodybuilding contest. Their faces were handsome, like male models, with chiselled jawlines and short, neat hair. Much like the pixies, their bodies were only covered by thin lengths of cloth around their waists, like they were wrapped in very small towels. This left little to the imagination, showing off their handsome figures.

Two of the others however, would have put the Amazons to shame. They were great hulks of muscle, like they had been fed growth hormones for breakfast every day since puberty. They looked to be at least seven, maybe even closer to eight feet tall. Standing over the crowd of screaming pixies, this contrast was even more marked. One man held up an arm that looked to be as thick as a regular man's torso, giving his generous bicep a quick kiss, before flashing the crowd another grin.

The last one I could identify right away as the 'Chad'. His size was intermediate between the Ryans and the others, though still towering over a normal man. The biggest difference was in the small region covered by his own cloths - there was a barely concealed bulge that could have been a small python. He had just removed another layer of cloth, and was now swinging it around in circles. The pixies were going wild at his striptease, like fanatical groupies at a rock concert.

The pixie warriors were merging with the rest of the crowd. I realised that I had been left temporarily unguarded, but where could I have wandered away to? I slowly made my way forward to the edge of the crowd, keeping a few paces behind Trixie, whose attention had also been drawn to the small parade of males.

From somewhere in the depths of the barge another figure emerged. I would have thought the sight of these cartoonish men would have been the most astonishing thing of the day, but this might have just taken the cake. It was a woman, for once an ordinary sized one, but she was clearly a nymphite as well. She had light brown skin that could have hinted as a Hispanic heritage, with long dark hair and devilishly red lips. She wore stilettos, stockings and a figure-hugging black dress. More than her looks however, one feature in particular stood out - no ordinary woman had a rack like that.

A pair of soccer ball-sized mounds sprouted outwards from her chest, defying whatever gravity there was here on Orgasmia. They quivered mightily with her every motion, forever threatening to burst out a dress that was clearly several sizes too small.

I was still absorbing this appearance, when the Bustie women (for that was clearly the kind of nymphite she was) began to speak. Like her appearance, her accent sounded oddly Spanish. 

"Now now ladies, don't get too excited yet! We will be here all night!"

The crowd of pixies erupted into more screams, the throng pushing forward to the very edge of the docks.

"These fine specimens of manhood have come halfway across Orgasmia, just to pleasure you! For this once in a lifetime opportunity, ask yourself, how much would you be willing to pay for this?"

With a heavily jewelled hand, the madam slapped one of the Ryans on the ass, which was almost level with her head. The Ryan grinned, flexing his mighty muscles again.

"Ask yourself" she repeated "do you want some of this?"

She moved down the barge, standing by the smiling 'Chad'. She reached for his groin, hesitating for a moment, before closing in and giving what was evidently his member a firm squeeze.

The pixies were positively howling with desire now. I watched in amazement, as the madam continued to rile up the crowd. Eventually she had waved the males aside, and they trooped off the deck into the depths of the barge. A gangplank was extended, and before long a long and disorganised queue had started to form. Pixies were screaming at each other and jostling for space. I noticed many of them had produced shiny tokens of some kind from their garments - perhaps some form of local currency?

I looked around for Trixie, wondering where she had gone. Had she completely forgotten about me, and dived into the crowd? Scanning the docks however, I soon spotted her and several other pixie warriors. She was standing by the barge holding the male nymphites, though at the other end, having a conversation with the madam. I saw her look around and point at me, gesturing me over.

Cautiously, I made my way around the crowd of pixies. Approaching Trixie, she broke into another ridiculously cute smile.

"I have good news, Jason of the sky!" she exclaimed. "The Thickcocks are travelling upriver!"

"The...what?" I said, confused.

"The males, they are heading back to the Bustie Kingdom" Trixie said. "I have been talking to Madam Vidia. She has agreed to take us in!"

The madam had turned to look at me. Closer up, the size of her breasts was even more extraordinary, as inflated as the muscles of the Ryans, or apparently the cock of the Chad. For a moment I was simply dumbstruck by the absurdity of it all. How could this place exist? How could these people be real?

The madam broke me out of my spell, her voice still that of a sultry Latina.

"Jays-soon, they say you come from the sky?"

She was looking me up and down. I tried to do the same for her, though kept getting stuck someway above her navel. Slowly, I nodded.

"Yes, yes I come from the sky."

Madam Vidia nodded.

"I have heard of this happening, it is most interesting. Your pixie companion has agreed to pay for your passage."

Somehow, I managed to tear my eyes off the madam. I looked at Trixie again.

"You're coming with me?" I asked, surprised. "Don't you have a post here?"

"I will go with you, it is my duty. Anyone who comes from the sky must go to Kinky, it is known, my garrison can survive without me."

She walked over and grabbed me by the arm. Ahead of us, Madam Vidia gave a wide smile, looking my body up and down again, before turning around and descending up another gangplank into the depths of the barge. Getting a first look at her rear, I realised its size was about identical to her breasts, the two in perfect proportion. Despite the exertions of the past few days, I felt myself flushing. I doubt I had never dreamed of such curves on a woman.

Following this impressive sight, Trixie's petite form beside me, I was led aboard. Meanwhile, from some twenty meters to our left, at the other end of the barge, I could not ignore the sounds of more ear-splitting screams, as the Thickcocks attended to their first clients of the day.