 Author's Note: I'm not really a writer of any kind, i wanted to pass time so any feedback positive or negative will be appreciated, there will be more occasions in the story where sexual interaction is present but in the first chapter, expect little to nothing, and not 100% scientifically accurate.

*****

Earth Orbit- 2491 January 5th 08:10 Earth Time.

As she looked out the window Clara can see the crater ridden planet of Earth, once home to 12 billion inhabitants, now covered with death and destructions. The once blue colour that resonated from the planet were gone, it has been years since Earth lost its' seas. Constant orbital bombardment left the planet with nothing but new landmarks and alien terrain. 

Lieutenant Commander Clara Anne Igraine was a fit 28 year old blonde girl. She had long blond hair extending to her shoulders but usually tied up in a bun. Her tall thin stature demanded gravitas and attention whenever she entered a room. Being the youngest of graduates of the Cal-Nev-Ari Military Academy with honours, she was then deployed to Phobos, a moon of Mars where she studied the History of Earth. 

Her blue eyes being the most distinguishable feature of hers, for she had an alpha prototype of a retinal implanted computer, this had the side of effect of almost looking like her eyes glowed. She also had a neural chip implanted to heighten her senses amongst other things. 

Her isolation from others made it difficult for her to find friends and she never dated. She had sex once but she never saw it more than primal human need. So whenever engaged in coitus she tried to get it over and done with as quickly as possible.

Her upbringing was for the Silver Program, the only weapon Mars would ever need, A trained group of people prime in everything involving the war. 

She visited the planet when she was younger, it was when she was 9 and was with her father. He was the galactic ambassador to Earth from Mars, he lived in a city called New York. He would allow her to come visit every few months for a few days before she had to return to Mars and follow her military education. 

But where the grand city once stood, now nothing but a massive crater. The area home to the first major attack on a civilian population. The Strategically Orbital Armed Rocket, more commonly known by SOAR-II to Martian military intelligence. Was deployed on 2491 December 27th 22:00 Earth Time. Their Tungsten Carbide rods dropping at 43km/s and only propelled through the kinetic energy of Earth's gravity.

Clara had now seen the effects of these weapons first hand, nothing in her entire career as an Intelligence officer could prepare her for this. She had seen pictures before, for she worked in Section 3. She was an Intelligence officer assigned to assess the destruction. 

The Office of Planetary Defense held her with high regard, not only for being the daughter of an ambassador or for being related to the first person ever to step foot on Mars, they held her for high regard due to her skills and unparalleled thinking. It was her who drew the entire battle plan for the annexation of Luna, the Earth's moon. Which would lead to the eventual destruction of Earth. 

Having only just left FTL she ordered her ship a refitted research vessel to deorbit. She wanted first hand and physical analysis of its destruction, orbital scanners did the job but she had to take pictures and dirt samples. Both could be done from orbit with a deployment of a probe but orders stated otherwise.

"Commander!" Shouted the Hendricks the Flight Officer.

All crew members standing to attention when the Commander entered the Bridge.

"As always" Igraine replied.

The crew swiftly returned to their tasks. Clara walked up to the front of the bridge and looked at the main viewscreen. A Earth getting bigger and bigger as the ship decelerated when entering the atmosphere, and soon enough they were below the ash clouds. The planet looked no better. Destruction was everywhere, how could they do this? Clara had never wanted to believe their intention was complete planetary genocide. 

She knew she was not innocent, she helped procure the moon and in turn laid the stage for the orbital bombardments. She wanted to throw up, but a dry lump stuck in her throat and she had to remain strong. If not for herself but for her crew, they could have never known they were part of a mass murder scheme. 

The ship slowed down and landed in an open field, they landed in what was known as the District of Persia, but fields of desert was not what greeted them, it was fields of glass. The thermal destruction smelted the sand into glass. She just stood on the bride knowing she had a job to do and wouldn't linger for longer than what was absolutely necessary, and when she turned around she was greeted 20 with rifles, all from her crew.

"What is the meaning of this?" She ordered to her crew.

"You can't lie to us anymore, you knew about this and we just received orders from Mars and you are now under arrest for crimes against humanity" Michael the Executive officer said. 

She knew all too well she was being framed, she will die a fanatical monster, they would teach about her cruel ways back on Mars, to their students. History will remember her as being the spawn of the devil,.

"I've done nothing of the sorts! I am innocent Michael, they are framing me. You must believe me!" She protested but not a flinch from her crew members.

They fired non-lethal rounds to try and render her unconscious, her neural implant subsided the effects and she quickly responded by pulling out her sidearm. Being the best marksman trained in close quarter combat, she quickly returned fire with lethal rounds, but she isn't a god and the bio-augmentations didn't last long, and soon she fell into darkness.

***

Earth - 2491 January 12th 18:43 Earth Time.

Her head throbbed with pain, every part of her body numb, she couldn't open her eyes, couldn't feel her fingers, she was a mind trapped in a body. She heard voice but couldn't distinguish their intentions.She reached into her body almost like a third limb finding her implants. They must have a Low-Frequency Electronic jammer, as her neural implant wasn't responding and even with her eyes closed her retinal implants would have shown thermal outlines of bodies, but nothing came from them.

Once again she fell into darkness.

***

Earth - 2491 January 13th 22:33 Earth Time.

Clara was having a dream, she was with her father, they were holding hands. He was walking her along the coast. Never had she seen such an endless horizon of water. He said it was called the ocean, so blue, she saw hydroponics modules above the water, they were needed if they ever wanted to feed such a large population. Her father told her to wait there, she saw him run down to one and talked to person, he must have been working there since her father walked in and quickly walked out with something in his hand. As quick as he was gone he was back.

"Put out your hands and close your eyes dear" His voice soothing and calm. She complied and couldn't help but wonder what he wanted to give her. He then dropped a weird round ball in her hand, and told her to open her eyes". It was bright red with yellow seeds, she had never seen these fruits before, they were almost alien to her. "They are strawberries dear, they're very sweet, try it". She was scared at first putting she didn't know what into her mouth and when she started to nibble on it, sweet juices filled her mouth. A plethora of taste she couldn't even explain. "Unlike back at home, on Earth they still use dirt and seeds to make food, Come let's go to the grand Library", he said as he held her hand and walked her towards a large building. 

When she got to the building she heard her name being called from behind her, she turned around and saw nothing. But it kept calling, she turned to her father but he was gone. Fear engulfed her and the name kept calling. The sky started raining ashes and the ocean receded, the building nothing but a crumbling pile of asphalt. 

"Clara!" The voice shouted.

She was quickly pulled out of her dream, fear and confusion covered her mind, she awoke cold and numb. She started to feel her body again, things being put back to place, her arms above her head tied and she could see her feet on the steel ground. But still numb.

"Clara, Wake up!" the voice shouted again. 

She looked up to see herself, she was standing in a dark room, and her reflection in front of her. Alien, even to herself. She was wearing a white shirt and white shorts, she looked liked a patient at a hospital, she has lost 10 percent of her body fat, and her eyes were empty, the blue glow which would always greet her when she looked into a mirror was gone. Looking into her reflection she saw man approach from behind her, he was Michael, he was adorned her medals and worse, he was smiling. He leaned down and put his mouth to her ear.

"Credits buys you a lot Clara, and sorry to have to throw you under the bus" he whispered into her ear, before planting a hand on her breast and one on her neck. "You have no clue how long i've wanted to do that."

He squeezed her throat and soon she was dry coughing, gasping for air her eyes burst open, she was not going to die, she knew that, if they wanted to kill her they would have done so already so she tried to push for as long as possible. But soon her vision started to darken again, her eyes started to close as darkness were on the peripheral of her vision. 

"You honestly don't think it is that easy to escape me right? Regardless i can't let you die yet Clara." and with that he let go of her neck but kept a hand on her breast. With his other hand he pulled her hair which tilted her head upwards. Still choking and gasping for air, with him pulling her hair it helped release pressure on her windpipe and soon she was panting hard, getting as much air as possible into her lungs.

"Michael please, you don't have to do this." she tried to say but all that came out was "Michael pl-". 

"Turn on the lights!" he shouted and soon the room she was in lit up, she was not in some small room in a small hole, she was in a enormous room, covered with wires and pipes and machinery. The room was a large pipe like construct, and circular construct and when she looked left and right it looked endless before finally bending around. 

"Where-" she tried to again plead.

"You're on Titan, well, underneath it.", "We're in a Planetary Particle Collider, and we hope to see if time travel is possible, we're going to fire photons at you, and they will essentially push you with infinite mass at the speed of faster than light towards Earth" he talked in a tone as if she was new to any of this.

But she knew all too well, for her teaching at Cal-Nev-Ari extended to particle physics as well. An infinite mass travelling faster than the speed of light, theoretical physics nothing more, for an object could never have infinite mass. E=Mc2 the famous German atomic physicist Albert Einstein in the 20th century defined the law of equivalence of energy. But all this didn't help her now, for soon she was going to die. 

"You might be saying, Impossible!, How could this be? Infinite Mass? What's That?" Michael mocked in a voice which brew hatred. "Apparently we caught a wormhole, and since we have these things called morals where we can't test it on live people, funny i know right? I thought we could always test it on someone who is good as dead, so that's why you're here, we've killed the traitor and now we bury the tyrant" 

His voice filled with mock and narcism that she thought he must also hate his voice. But as she looked around it started to dawn on her, she was now most definitely going to die. If not first by having atoms fired and tearing at her but also being torn particle by particle by a worm hole. 

"Anyhow, i've got to run! I'll see you later alligator" and soon he was gone leaving her alone. She tried to wiggle free but her arms tied above her head were tied the entire way to the ceiling, it must be at least 6 meters to the ceiling, it would be damn near impossible to climb that length.

She turned around seeing if Michael was still there but he was gone, no trace of him ever being there in the first place. She swung her head forward to look into the mirror and could see the fear in her eyes. She has never been this scared before, and here she stood looking at herself all bruised and in clothes fit for a mental asylum. 

It started to rumble, the steel floor started to shake and the mirror started to bend around the edges. The contorting mirror increased its frequency of vibration and soon enough everything was vibrating so fast it seemed to almost disappear, the effects of travelling at the speed of light, the mirror then disappeared for vibrating so fast, and her feet could no longer keep her standing, but she never fell. 

She was now floating in a white room, all around her empty space, she looked at her feet to see nothing, she looked to her arms and they were gone. She couldn't see her own body, and now her vision was blurring with a blinding white light, then she felt her body being pulled into unconsciousness. 

***

Earth - TIME UNKNOWN

A glaring heat covered her body, her lips cracked and dry. Body laid on the ground, sinking into the sand. She felt her bio-augmentations run around her body, trying to fix her, but it was too painful, every nerve in her body fired and her muscled spazzed. Signals firing into her brain telling her completely opposite things, was she spinning? was she falling? was she laying on the ground? 

Her ears rang and her foot tightened up. She couldn't tell a thing, she wanted to throw up from the nauseating experience but her stomach was empty. She couldn't remember the last time she ate, for years Martian soldiers had dehydrated rationed pills, where they wouldn't even need to chew, and calories would just be absorbed. This was what must of kept her alive while in custody for this long, but it didn't matter now. 

She knew she was alive, but could she ever function again? Will she be paralysed after this ordeal is done? So she tried to open her eyes and what greeted her were brown eyes, and a large square nose. It was camel, she'd remember going to the Zoo and seeing these almost extinct creatures. 

Realisation dawned in on her, she lying in sand, being stared down by a camel. Time travel actually works, she just didn't know when, but then the pain levied back into her mind and quickly she shut her eyes and started to hurl and have a spasm. Her body couldn't adapt to this new alien environment and her mind just barely kept up.