 Trixie wasn't kidding.

I was woken in the early hours. The sky outside the dull pink it gets just before dawn. I had woken from a fantastic dream, where hundreds of women had been lining up to suck and worship my hard cock.

When I really did wake however, the reality wasn't so different. I felt an incredible sensation coming from about my groin. I jerked up to a sitting position. Beneath the blankets a small figure was hard at work. I pulled the blankets back, revealing the head of the Pixie commander, so thoroughly attending to my cock her tongue might have been glued there. An adorable pair of eyes glanced up at me as I did so, but soon turned back to the task at hand.

I lay there, breathing heavily, as I neared another orgasm. I realised I was already hard. I must have gotten that way as I slept, or else it was Trixie's work. For several more minutes the Pixie continued. Her tongue circled up and down and around my shaft with exquisite precision. Her other hand, I realised, was somewhere about her groin, rubbing away furiously. She was moaning so hard at times her tongue broke contact. It was as if my pleasure was automatically magnified in hers.

Eventually I came. The Pixie sucked eagerly, until I had no more to give. Her own moans ceasing for a while, she crawled back up the bed and hugged me again. Once more, I could feel her damp pussy against my thigh – was it ever not wet?

We dozed there for a while longer. As dawn came there could be heard the distant hammering of a drum from outside, from somewhere within the fort. Downstairs, I heard the sound of scores of people getting out of bed and readying for the days work. Trixie yawned, raising her hands over her head, giving me a beautiful view of her perky chest.

"I must go to work, Jason of the sky" she said, leaning up and giving me another peck on the cheek. "I will return soon, don't worry, but stay up here."

She waved about the room.

"If you tried to leave the garrison, you would not get far, but I would not even attempt that. There are three hundred girls at this post, and they are all thinking of you right now."

I nodded at this, too nervous to say a word. My mouth had gone dry. With another affectionate peck on the cheek, Trixie dragged herself reluctantly out of the bed. She dressed in the skimpy outfit she had discarded the previous night - the dual strips of insubstantial cloth that seemed to pass as clothing around here, and padded out of the room.

I spent the rest of the day there, with only the limited view out the window to occupy me. After a while I ventured into the corridor outside. The floor seemed to be occupied with storage and a few other rooms. At the end I discovered a drop toilet, which I thereafter made use of. The conditions were hardly ideal, but I had camped in more primitive circumstances.

Otherwise, there was little to do. I sat in an undersized chair by the window. Pixies, all as scantily clad as the ones I had seen so far, were moving about on various activities. A number were doing sword drills, others were practising archery or tending to animals. I could smell cooking somewhere.

Around midday, Trixie returned. The same two pixies I had seen yesterday came in with another tray, before we dined. As soon as the meal was finished, we fucked again.

"Ahhh...just the right size" Trixie moaned, huddled in the bed naked with me once more. Somehow, I had successfully came again. I had lost count of the number of times in the last few days. Previously I would have thought it impossible, but something about my hosts was pushing me to superhuman limits. I could even feel it twinging again as Trixie stroked my chest hair with a tiny finger.

"May I ask some questions, Trixie?" I asked after a while, deciding to try my luck.

"You may" the pixie commander said after a moment "though I will be cautious in giving answers, Jason of the sky. I still am not sure from where you come from."

"What is this place? This world?" I asked. "The other women, they referred to it as 'Orgasmia'.

"You mean the Amazons?" said Trixie, making a face. "I would not trust their words."

"But is that the name of the world?"

"Yes" Trixie said begrudgingly. "And you are on the borders of the Federated Pixie Tribes."

"Where do the Amazons come from?"

"Amazonia, of course" Trixie said, as if this was obvious. "But there borders are forty days ride from here, at least."

"Then how did that band get here?"

"Probably by ship" Trixie said. "They raid all the way along the southern coast, looking for slaves. Have you never seen a map?"

I shook my head.

Stopping only to give me another quick kiss – this time on the lips, Trixie crawled out of the bed. She rummaged through a nearby chest of draws which I had not dared to open yet. She returned with an old piece of paper, badly frayed in places. On it was a detailed map. It looked hand-drawn. Carefully, she laid it out on the table. I got up and went to look.

The map was dominated by a single, massive continent. Bays and peninsulas indented it at regular intervals. Mountain ranges and rivers stretched across its extent. Different regions were shaded in subtly different colors. I counted at least six different zones marked in this way. I sat down in the chair by the window. Trixie once again seated herself in my naked lap.

"Here we are" Trixie said, pointing at the most westerly portion of the continent. A region shaded a dull pink was surrounded by oceans on the north, west and south, with mountains forming a border with the rest of the lands to the east.

"There are six different realms" Trixie continued, pointing them out as she spoke. "Next to us is the Bustie Kingdom, our greatest ally, stretching between the Stony Mountains to the west and the Horny Rivers to the East."

"The Horny Rivers?" I asked.

"Yes" Trixie said without hesitation. "I have known few who travelled that far, but apparently the women there are insatiable."

I stared at her, she continued without interruption.

"Next to that is Amazonia. It is a wild place, filled with jungles and all sorts of deadly beasts – of which the Amazons are the most deadly of course. They are greedy, always raiding everyone else, stealing our men!"

She thumped a tiny fist on the table.

"It if not fair!" she said, turning to me and raising a gentle hand to my cheek. She seemed genuinely outraged. "Why should they get all the cock? When our cunts are just as wet!"

Her tiny ass was quivering in my lap. I shifted slightly in my seat, unable to think of anything coherent to say. Trixie turned back to face the map. With great effort, I did the same.

"Beyond Amazonia are the Elvish realms. They visit rarely, but we count them among our friends, especially in times of war. I have seen them, they are tall and fair and beautiful, and their metalworking and lovemaking is the finest in the world!"

Trixie paused for a moment, staring off into space, as if reminiscing. She finally returned to the map.

"Then you have the Great Mountains, and beyond...are the Dark Lands."

The pixie shivered when she said this world. Doe-like eyes turned up to me, and her hands wrapped around her chest, as if the temperature in the humid room had suddenly plunged to freezing. Some force compelled me to do the same, holding her around the waist. She stopped shaking.

"The Amazons are bad, yes, but they are not the worst. Even they stand with us against the Dark Lands. There are said to be monsters there, we call them vixens, though I have never seen one. They are shapeshifters...demons, who hunger for cock more than any other creatures on Orgasmia. We do not normally speak of them."

I nodded.

"Have they ever come to the west?"

"Oh yes" Trixie nodded. "It was just after the fall, three hundred years ago...but you do not know this?"

"Sorry, you must excuse my ignorance."

"It was after the fall" Trixie went on. "The world collapsed, and people stopped coming from the sky. Of the men who were already here, they were outnumbered by the women ten to one. At first the tribes did not know how to react, could we perhaps share the men? But then the Vixens struck first, coming from the East. They slaughtered all in their path, taking whatever men they could find. They got as far as the Great City of Kinky."

She pointed on the map at the middle of the Bustie kingdom, where the three tributaries of the Horny Rivers met.

"But they were few in numbers, and the other tribes rallied. There were only thousands of them, but millions of us, especially us Pixies."

"You are the most numerous of the tribes?"

"Yes, as we are the smallest. One Pixie could not take down an Amazon, it is true, but there are five Pixies for every Amazon, three for every Elf, and two for every Bustie. It is how the world was balanced."

"So there are Pixies, Busties, Amazons, Elves and Vixens. You have named five tribes, but what is the sixth?" I asked.

"The men" Trixie said, pointed at a narrow peninsula on the north of the continent. "In the time when visitors came from the sky, most were males, but one or two in ten were females. To serve them, men were created on Orgasmia."

Trixie smiled again, thinking of old memories.

"They are gorgeous, coveted across Orgasmia. Most of them are huge, bigger even then you, Jason of the sky, with giant muscles and cocks and they can fuck all day, even keeping up with a woman!"

Trixie left soon after that, putting the map in the draw and giving my cock a final affectionate kiss before walking out the door. I sat by the window, contemplated all I had heard. So I had been right, the legends were true. Pleasure Franchises had gone and created that lost world, populated by millions of horny nymphites, before someone – some puritanical force, appeared to have come along and sabotaged it, then sealed it off forever.

And now they were running amok, I he was stuck here.

I wasn't sure whether to laugh or cry.

Trxie had been gone a few hours when I heard a noise in the corridor outside. It was mid-afternoon, and I had been dozing in Trixie's bed. As I woke, the door of the room was flung open, revealing several figures.

There were six of them in total – all of them pixie warriors. I did not recognise all, but I would not forget the pixie who had threatened to castrate me yesterday. Lickie stood at the front of the group, her bubblegum-gren hair instantly recognisable. Two others were the pair who had been delivering my meals since my arrival.

I froze where I was, realising this meant more trouble. The pixies hurried into the room, closing the door behind them. All were looking at me with eager faces. Lickie piped up first.

"Hello Jason, are you enjoying your stay?"

Unsure how to respond, I simply nodded.

"He's shy" one of the other pixies said. "But don't be, we're not going to hurt you."

"We've been thinking about you" another one said. "I could hardly sleep last night, dreaming of your hard cock!"

The other pixies giggled. Lickie took a step forward, until she was beside the bed.

"Strip off!" she demanded, pointing at me.

For a moment I hesitated. On one level this was absurd – here I was, trapped by a group of tiny, adorably cute women all somewhere between four and five feet in height. They were however, looking at me with ravenous faces, and carrying an assortment of rather nasty looking knives.

"Ok" I said, peeling back the covers. Underneath were the same T-shirt and shorts I had been wearing when I landed. The Pixies had taken the rest of my gear, stored somewhere in the fort. I wondered at that point where my sidearm had got too. If it was really the only gun on the entire planet...?

It was no use to me now however. I pulled myself out of the bed, standing to my full height. I had to stoop slightly to avoid hitting the ceiling. The pixies looked excited.

"Strip!" Licke repeated, pointing her knife at me.

I nodded again. I did so slowly. I reached down and pulled off the shirt. I had always paid attention to fitness, and a lifetime of regular gym workouts had given me well defined muscles. The pixies looked me up and down, their faces increasingly wild.

Slowly, I reached down for my shorts. For the moment leaving my underwear, I pulled them down about my ankles, then stepped up and kicked them away. I stood there in my jocks, surrounded by six horny pixies. Despite myself, the looks on their faces were making me hard. The pixies seemed to notice too, all of them were staring in rapt attention at my navel. Had they even seen a penis before?

Slower than ever, I put my fingers in my underwear, then slowly pulled them down. My dick sprang free, pointing into the air. All eyes were glued to it. Several of the pixies let out a squeal of what was recognisably delight.

Knives clattered to the floor, forgotten, as they all advanced on my naked body. I raised my arms to defend myself, backing into a corner, but they would not be deterred.

Hands grabbed me everywhere. I felt lips on my cock. The green hair gave Lickie away. The other pixies were reaching for any part of me they could find. Hands ran down my arms and legs, across by chest and bottom. Their movements were clumsy, almost like inexperienced teenagers. I started to truly wonder – had they never been with a man before? Were we that rare a commodity here?

The mass of pixies soon pushed me back onto the bed. I lay down, Lickie's lips never far from my cock. Others were kissing me all over, often with one hand about their own crotch, masturbating furiously. Strips of clothing were falling to the floor. The bed groaned under the weight of the mass orgy, with me in the centre, half-terrified, half-immensely pleased with myself. Did I truly have such a strong affect on these women?

Moans were turning to screams. I realised the pixies were already cumming, though I was still on round one. Lickie was sucking on me desperately, like someone drowning of thirst. I was close though, and soon blew my loud into her mouth.

She sucked at my cock greedily. The other pixies closed in like sharks sniffing blood. One of them tried to bat Lickie away. Lickie retaliated in kind. The two pixies had soon throw each other off the bed, grappling on the floor and screaming. The others moved in without a second thought, another set of lips closing in on my pole. I started to get seriously worried by this. What if one of them reached for a knife again?

It was upon this scene however, in the midst of this half-fight half-orgy, that the door flung open again.

Trixie was standing there, leading another platoon of Pixies. She looked furious.

There was screaming. The other pixies entered the room, grabbing those already there and leading them away. I lay on the bed, naked, cum still dribbling from my cock. After a while the room emptied, the screams receding into the distance, and Trixie came back. She was looking at me with a curious expression. I wasn't sure whether she might shout or cry.

She stepped into the room, then sat at the end of the bed, looking me up and down.

"Did they hurt you – Jason?"

I wasn't sure how to respond. Shouldn't she be mad? Had I resisted as much as I should have? Did she not realise the experience was almost as terrifying as it was thrilling?

"Are you alright?" she asked again, reaching for me. A gentle handed caressed my waist.

"Yes" I said uneasily. "Yes, I think I'm ok."

Trixie crawled across the bed, looking at me like a mother at her son who had just fallen and scraped his knee. She held me tightly around the shoulders. Suddenly, she burst into tears.

"I should not have left you!" she cried, sobbing heavily. "I knew this might happen, but the guards I left betrayed me as well! I knew this might happen! They're young, half of them have never been with a man before!"

She crawled over until she was hugging me again. I returned the embrace, completely at a loss of what to say. Finally, Trixie pulled back, her face streaked with tears that made her look, if it was all possible, even cuter.

"They will pay, but I must get you out of here Jason, back to somewhere safe. There are too many lonely, horny warriors around here! I will escort you to Pixmorr tomorrow, we can decide what happens to you there."