 At least I survived the crash.

I was lost, my ship was destroyed, I was on a strange planet – but I was still alive.

My name is Jason Altron, and at the time, I didn't quite know where I was.

It was meant to be a routine job, if anything in this business could be considered routine. Pick up a package – and deliver it. How was I to know that, the moment I got into orbit around the intended planet, I'd be shot out of the sky?

And by whom? For what purpose?

I'd only just made the escape pod. The ship took a direct hit moments later. Amazingly, the hull had stayed mostly intact, though I'm sure I wouldn't have survived inside it. She had flown off to the side, presumably to crash somewhere on the other side of the planet.

I gathered what possessions remained to me – there wasn't much. I had my sidearm, my jumpsuit, a few day's worth of rations, a knife, a lighter – the usual survival kit. But if I didn't find civilisation soon, or perhaps something to hunt, I'd surely be dead.

I left the crashed pod to look around. At least the atmosphere was breathable. I was in some sort of valley. There were clouds above, a warm sun. I was soon sweating in my suit. Whether I was near the equator or not, the weather seemed tropical.

I climbed the nearest hill. Its windy up top, rocky – there's scraggly bushes in places, but mostly barren. Around me the terrain was more of the same – rows of hills stretching off to the horizon. In one valley though I could make out a distant shimmer, a reflection of sunlight. It looked like a river.

I had nowhere else to go. I set off.

I walked for most of that day. The sun soon reached its zenith. Eventually I peeled off the jumpsuit – I had shorts and a shirt on underneath. I put my boots back on and kept going, slowly losing altitude.

By mid-afternoon the landscape was getting a bit more forgiving. Coarse bushes slowly gave way to copses of trees, then a whole forest. My hopes rose a little. Something edible must grow around here, surely?

With the sun nearly setting I passed through another valley. I heard running water. My canteen was not quite empty, but I knew I needed a refill at some point. A few hundred meters further on I came to a creek, no more than knee-deep, running through rocky rapids. I leant down for a refill. I took a deep drink – it was fresh.

I might survive here just yet, I thought.

At that point, I sensed something unexpected. I looked up. I sniffed the air. I could definitely smell it – woodsmoke. Was this a stroke of luck? Someone was cooking nearby?

The trees had grown quite thick. I could scarcely see more than forty or fifty feet. It would soon be dark as well. Should I dare risk exposing myself to this world's inhabitants?

Carefully, I moved through the trees. I slowly pulled out my sidearm, but held it close to my chest, out of sight a little. I walked gently, careful of crunching the leaves underfoot. The smell of smoke grew stronger, now mixed with what was definitely cooking meat. I moved a little closer, until up ahead I could see a dim glow lighting up the trees. Finally, I saw the campfire. Strung over it was an animal carcass of some kind – perhaps a deer? I expected to see figures around the fire, but there was no one. 

After a short pause, I went to take another step, but at that moment there was a blood-curdling cry.

I whirled around. A figure was running towards me – no, more than one. They were huge, surely too big to be people. My first thought was of bears – but how did bears talk? I pulled out my sidearm, about to shout a warning, but at that moment something else grabbed me from behind.

I was yanked to the ground. My sidearm flew off into the semi-darkness. A thick arm was around my neck. Another figure leapt on top of me, knocking the wind out of me. As I lay there, panicking, struggling to breathe, I heard more voices. Someone was whooping in delight. The voice confused me.

It was a female voice - a bit deeper than normal, sure, but distinctively feminine.

I was sandwiched between two hard bodies. The one on top was breathing heavily. The one below let out a cry of what was recognisably triumph. Then it started to speak.

"Haha! Got one! Fresh meat tonight!"

Panic fought confusion. What did they mean by that? I tried to move, to escape somehow, but my captors seemed irresistibly strong. Strong hands grasped me around the arms. Another pair found my ankles. The figure on top of me finally lifted off, though she kept her arms wrapped firmly around my waist. Still struggling, gasping for breath, they started to carry me towards the campfire. By the glow of the firelight, I got my first look at the figure above me. I had to do a double take, my eyes widening.

She was the largest woman I had ever seen.

From my vantage point it was hard to judge her height. I was a little over six foot, but she must have towered over me by a foot or more. A long mane of red hair fell wildly to her waist. Her arms and legs were easily twice as thick as mine. Her face was chiselled, hard almost like it was made of marble, but still so beautiful I could scarcely look away. She wore very little – a thin strip of gold cloth around her waist and another equally insubstantial strip over her chest. Her breasts were huge, jutting out from her chests like a pair of party balloons, the outline of her nipples clearly visible. She was looking down on me with such a look of hunger in her eyes I almost froze in place, my struggles to get free ceasing at once.

"This one's well trained Lolla" another voice said, belonging to the figure holding my arms above my head.

"He knows not to run" another replied, laughing. "Wonder where he escaped from?"

We had arrived near the fire. For one terrifying moment I thought they were going to throw me in, but instead I was unceremoniously dumped on the ground by the nearest tree. Two pairs of hands held me down, while another wrapped a thick rope around my wrists. I was forced into a sitting position as they were tied to a low hanging branch. My view of my captors grew a little clearer.

Lolla wasn't the only one. All of those present were women, and they all looked like oversized bodybuilders. None could have been under seven feet tall.

I could see six of them in total. Only Lolla had the red hair. One of the others was blonde, the rest were brunettes. They all had basically white skin, though some looked more tanned than others, and all wore the same skimpy outfits, plus what seemed to be roughly-hewn sandals on their feet. All were carrying weapons of some kind – huge axes, swords and shields, like something out of a medieval fantasy. None seemed to posses a gun.

I realised that I myself was down to a shirt, shorts and boots. My jumpsuit had fallen with my sidearm, along with all my other belongings. One of the figures was now tending to the meat over the fire, the rest were looking at me, all with the same infinitely disturbing, hungry look. For a moment no one spoke, before I finally found my voice.

"Who are you people?" I demanded. "What are you doing?"

"He's cute!" one of them proclaimed, a brunette who had picked me up by the ankles. Her features were a bit darker, perhaps Hispanic.

"We're sorry darling, but we're very hungry!" said the blonde, twirling her waist-length hair in her hands.

"Yes! And I'm getting the first bite" said Lolla, taking a step towards me.

"What?" I cried, recoiling as much as I could. "You can't eat me!"

The clearing around the campfire rang with laughter. A number of the women doubled over, positively howling.

"He's adorable. Do you not know where you are?"

"No I don't!" I said. "Where the hell am I?"

Lolla took another step forward, towering over me like a red-haired statute. I started up at her, equally horrified and astonished.

"We're not going to eat you" the giant redhead said. "We're going to fuck you!"

Lolla leaned down. Her huge hands closed around my feet. One after the other, she yanked off my boots.

"What?"

"Yes – fuck you darling. What's so hard to understand? Its been a long day."

Her hands moved up my legs, running her fingers along their length like I was a new toy she had just been handed. She reached my shorts. Without hesitation she yanked them in turn, pulling them down to my ankles. The other women were laughing, though that wasn't all. One or two had reached for their crotch, visibly rubbing it through the thin cloths they wore. 

Lolla pulled the shorts off completely. She reached back for my groin. Fingers snagged on my underwear, pulling it off in turn. I gasped as she brushed past my member. 

"Ooh, I think he's enjoying it! Too late to run now, darling!" Lolla declared, to more laughter. Slowly, the huge woman leaned forward. She lifted up my shirt, finally revealing my manhood. To my embarrassment, it was fast becoming erect. Lolla licked her lips.

"Ooh, cute! But so small? What will we get out of this girls? He's definitely not a Donger!"

I had no chance to ask what that was. Lolla's face was only inches from my crotch. She leant forward. Her massive chest stuck out so much it was soon covering my knees. My legs were wedged between their weight and the soft grassy ground below. Her long hair fell down either side of them. I shivered at the sensation, but it was nothing as to how I felt when this muscular goddess leaned down and finally wrapped her lips around my pole.

My whole body tensed, I leant back, bumping my head against the tree trunk. My arms were still tied to the branch that jutted out overhead. Despite myself, I let out a moan. There was more cheering from around the campfire ten feet away.

"He likes it!"

"Show him what you can do Lolla!"

The giant red-headed women moved her lips down. In moments she had swallowed me hole. She moved back up, then repeated the motion, giving me what I could only describe as an expert blowjob. After only seconds I was already close. I looked down at her. She continued her attention on my cock but her eyes – big blue eyes, were looking right up at me. The hunger was still there. It was too much. It sent me over the edge.

The orgasm was like a lightning bolt. My whole body tensed again. An intense wave of joy spread out from my cock. Lolla continued her work, though now with an audible sucking sound. For several seconds this continued. She seemed determined to suck up every drop of my semen.

"Delicious!" she declared, licking the last of it off my member like it was strawberry jam. From the rest of the clearing I could hear loud moaning. In a daze I looked around. All five of the other women present were lying on the ground, masturbating furiously, their hands savagely rubbing their cunts. Within a minute their moans intermingled with screams, as all of them seemed to reach orgasm one by one. Laughter resumed.

"I want a drink" one of the other women said, striding over towards me. Lolla however rounded on her, bringing herself to her full height.

"I haven't had my fill yet!" she declared. "You wait your turn Zolta!"

"I haven't sucked a good cock in weeks!" Zolta replied.

Wham.

Lolla had reached out and punched the other woman in the face. The blow looked painful, but Zolta merely took a step back, rubbing her cheek.

"You wait your turn!" Lolla repeated, raising her massive fists. She tensed her arms, her muscles bulging out to an absurd size. 

"Come on Zolta, have some dinner" said one of the other women. I noticed the four of them had gathered around the fire, where one had started carving off generous slices of the deer. "You can drink later."

Looking deeply unhappy, the woman named Zolta retreated to the fire to join the meal. Lolla turned back to me. The scowl on her face disappeared, to be replaced with another hungry smile. 

"That was nice" she said. "But I'm not finished with you yet, we're just getting started."

"Where am I?" I replied, as the women leaned down in front of me, reaching for my member again.

"You really don't know darling?" she asked, looking amused. I shook my head. Lolla didn't say anymore. She had grabbed my dick again. Now limp, it was dwarfed by her fingers. She leaned down, swallowing my dick whole. Even my balls disappeared into her mouth. I squirmed under the sensation. One of her hands had grabbed my butt, the other my shoulder. She held me against the ground like I was a rag doll, like I was her favourite toy and she was afraid I might run off, though all thoughts of doing so had by now left my mind.

In less than a minute I was hard again. My moans were now continuous. It was painful, but for every ounce of pain there was ten of pleasure. Lolla continued her work, with the practise of someone who must have done this a thousand times before. Soon she lifted her head again, keeping her eyes fixed on me. They went from my face to my cock and back.

"I think he's ready" she said, to assenting cheers from her companions by the fire, who were all watching intently.

Slowly, the Amazon women stood up. She removed her sandals, her bare feet touching the damp grass of the forest. Slowly, she dug a finger into the tiny strip of gold-colored cloth that wrapped around her waist. It was hardly thicker than a belt. With her hands she pulled it down, revealing her crotch. I found myself looking up at her bright pink pussy. There was no sign of a single hair. She gave it a rub.

"Stay still, tiny" she said, her voice little more than a deep moan. "I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked."

Slowly, she leant down again. She quickly straddled me. Her legs extended down well past where mine ended. Her face was above mine. I was staring right at her enormous breasts. Only a thin strip around the middle was covered by another gold cloth. They bulged out like balloons, and were so upright and perky they seemed in danger of floating away if set free. I was breathing hard, transfixed by the sight.

Down below, meanwhile, she gently lowered her crotch onto mine. One arm she wrapped around my chest, holding me still. I couldn't break from her grip, not if I was ten times stronger than I was. With her other hand she found my hard cock, wrapping her fingers around it gently, she guided into her soft pussy. The moment it made contact, Lolla let out a scream, a cry so loud I thought I heard small birds taking flight from nearby trees.

Oh my god.

I leaned back as far as I could. I couldn't see her thrust her body into mine again. My entire vision was taken up by a giant pair of boobs. They slapped against my face, dazzling me further. I couldn't believe it. Ten minutes ago I had been alone, wandering through a strange forest. Now I was being fucked senseless by this impossibly busty amazon. Lolla thrust herself down again, then again, the movements hard and rhythmic. I was helpless, I was completely within her power.

I had never been so turned on in all my life.

She kept thrusting, every one accompanied by a blood-curdling scream of delight. It was like a warcry, like she was possessed. She seemed completely out of control. Both her arms were wrapped around me tight now. My ass was pressed against the wet grass, surely leaving a visible imprint.

Maybe a minute had passed, before Lolla leaned her head back, letting out a moan several octaves lower than anything I'd yet heard. Her pelvic muscles throbbed around my cock, her cunt surprisingly tight for such a large women. For what must have been at least another thirty seconds this feeling continued, as she had what I realised had to be the most Earth-shattering orgasm I had ever heard of. Once again, it was too much. It sent me over the edge. For the second time in under fifteen minutes I was cumming. The feelings were so intense, I nearly blacked out.

When I came to, my blood cooling down a little, I heard still more moans of pleasure. I looked over. Lolla was lying on the ground a few feet away. One of the other Amazons – one of the brunettes, had come over, and was sucking on her clit. She was licking up and down her vagina eagerly, like a castaway who hadn't had a drink in days. I realised she was sucking up what remained of my cum.

"Oh! You're right!" she exclaimed, licking her fingers when she was finished with the other women's pussy. "He does taste delicious!"

Lolla remained where she was, breathing heavily, like she had just run a marathon. I remained tied up where I was, my dick limp again, completely drained. If I thought that was the end of the night however, I was sorely mistaken. No sooner had Lolla finished climaxing than the blonde named Zolta strode over to me, shooting a jealous glance at Lolla.

"You've had your fill, he's mine now."

My eyes widened. I didn't know what to do. I thought I had already given my all. Nonetheless, Zolta leaned down like Lolla had. Her features were similar – a face just as beautiful, with bright green eyes. She might have been a few inches shorter, but seemed equally well muscled. Without hesitation, she grabbed my limp dick in turn and started sucking on it.

Squirming under this new onslaught, I looked desperately at my other captors. Surely they weren't all waiting for a turn? But they were all looking at me hungrily too, the remains of the deer now taken off the fire. Somehow, I found my voice.

"But where am I? Who are you people?"

There was more laughter. They seemed to think my protests genuinely funny. Lolla, still lying on the grass nearby, her uncovered pussy visible for all to see, was the one who answered.

"You're our captive now tiny. That's all you need to know. You're our slave here, on Orgasmia."

And as I continued to squirm, my dick somehow finding a way to harden once again as the latest of my captor's slurped on it like an icy pole, I realised something - that I recognised the word. Old rumours came back to me. Suddenly everything made sense.

I realised I was in deep trouble, and that this was not going to end any time soon.