 I gave myself the challenge of coming up with a reason for two people who do not like each other to choose to have sex with each other. What I ended up with was an unusual sci-fi story.

No one is making them do it so it's not actually forced, but it definitely starts out as reluctant sex, so be aware.

As always, I'd love any feedback you have after you have read it...

*****

Commander "Trigger" Orion opened the hatch that lead to the power core. Behind him the sexy Lt. Holly Jo Ascella waited silently in the confines of the maintenance tube, waiting for his "all clear" signal. The hunky commander and the blonde beauty were onboard an enemy vessel, hoping to take advantage of a once in a life time prospect. 

The opportunity had appeared quickly, and despite less than a day of planning they had been able to sneak aboard the enemy's Vega class star cruiser. So far the mission had gone like clockwork, they were safely on board with a chance to deal a devastating blow to their enemy. If their Intel was correct, then this ship was picking up 3 high ranking Lorian officials who, if captured, could conceivably turn the tide of the war. They just had to make sure they slowed the Lorian ship down enough that the human alliance could get starships into place for a proper ambush. 

Trigger silently waved the all clear signal, so Holly pushed his duffel bag through the opening of the hatch where he grabbed it. He opened it and checked its contents as she pulled herself out. Despite 20 minutes of crawling in a tunnel she looked fantastic. Her long blonde hair flowing as she dropped to the floor, checking for sensors. Trigger would have done so before signalling her, but she didn't want to leave any part of this mission to chance.

It was a tricky mission, as they had to disable the ship enough to slow it, without stopping it outright. Complicating things further was that they had to make sure there was no evidence of sabotage what so ever. If the Lorians were anything, it was overly cautious. If there was even a whiff of something being out of place, they had a tendency to change their plans drastically. Despite her impressive record, Lt Ascella had several recent missions under her belt that had gone south when a Lorian had discovered the tiniest of details out of place. Lorian paranoia was extremely inefficient but it was slowly winning them the war. She was determined to avoid any making any mistakes on this mission. She'd do whatever she needed to, even if it meant working with Trigger.

Holly walked to the power core and inspected the casing. It was exactly as they expected, a round sphere of plasma, encased in a hexagonal metallic pillar, with bizarre controls designed with something other than human hands in mind. That feature alone made any idea of sabotage damn near impossible, luckily the lab technicians had finally found a way around it. An experimental solution Trigger was unpacking silently. 

The two hadn't talked much since coming on board. Trigger and Holly didn't get along. Each was a decorated war hero in their own right, so there was a mutual, if grudging respect. Ultimately though, they had different ways of operating that usually didn't complement one another, personally and professionally. In their off hours, he was a well-known ladies man, while she was much more private with her love life, despite having the nick name Lt. Hottie among the enlisted men. Not that any of them called her that to her face. Her wonderfully gorgeous face. Professionally, their differences had been made clear by the numerous yelling matches they'd had during mission planning sessions over the years. 

The brass knew to utilize their abilities when they needed creative tactics, but never sent them into the field together. This mission had been the rare exception to that, and even then only because they were the only people in this section of the galaxy in the position to pull this off. Getting along didn't matter, only accomplishing the mission did.

"Ready?" Trigger asked as he opened up his duffel bag and began to put on the custom built gloves over each hand. Designed to replicate Lorian appendages, the gloves were cylinders about a half a meter long. As he slid his hand into the opening at one end, the machine hummed and attached itself to his nervous system. From the other end, a meter long faux alien tentacle grew. If it worked, it was supposed to enable him to use the odd Lorian controls, a vital part of the plan. He'd need to insert his tentacle hands into the power core's release mechanism, two holes on one side of the pillar, and then maintain neurolink through the handles to open the casing. Holly was then going to insert a bio-organic formula that had been developed specifically for the mission, into the power core. It was a one shot deal, once the neurolink was severed the appendages would become unable re-establish it. He felt an odd sensation as he slid the 2nd glove into place, it was as if his arms had grown several extra feet in length. 

"Just a sec" Holly responded, pulling out a crystal globe from one of her hip pouches. He watched her do it, and couldn't help but admire her body. They both wore skin tight suits, the inner layer to the clunky space suits they'd left behind when they entered the maintenance tunnel 20 minutes earlier, but she had more curves then he did, and he couldn't help but enjoy them. He may not have liked her, but he couldn't deny she was attractive. 

"Shit" she said, holding up the crystal globe for him to see. The viscus fluid inside had leaked out, only half remained. 

This was a serious issue, the fluid was to be inserted into the core, where it would lower the conductivity of the plasma. It would slow the ship down temporarily, and then dissolve into the plasma over the course of a few hours, leaving no trace whatsoever. Losing half of it could mean disaster for the entire plan. 

To Trigger's credit, he didn't waste a single moment trying to figure out how the vial had broken, or if she was to blame. He just dealt with the situation as it was.

"Is there enough to complete the mission?" he asked. 

"I don't know." She told him. "Open the casing and we'll see."

He inserted his "hands" into the holes, and after several seconds of feeling around, he found the release handles. His forearms tingled as he linked into the alien computer and he applied the pressure in ways that human hands simply couldn't. With a strain he was able to open the casing. Holly peered over the top of the plasma sphere. It was mesmerizing, like a campfire, as it held it's perfectly smooth surface while at the same time constantly shifting colours as the liquid energy within flowed randomly.  

Holly threw her long blonde hair over a shoulder, as she leaned in and poured what she had on the very top of the sphere. The viscus fluid gathered on the surface, then after a moment, sank through the thin surface layer of the sphere under its own weight. There was no noticeable change in the plasma. 

"We need to find something else to add." He told her.

"I know." She hissed. It was unprofessional, and she mentally kicked herself even as she did it, but she was feeling yet another mission begin to fall apart on her. Jogging around the outskirts of the room, she checked every cabinet, every shelf and any place where a replacement fluid might have been stored. She found nothing. 

Trigger watched, unable to move. He'd been specifically warned that the tentacles were a one shot deal. If he released the handles, the neurolink would be severed, the casing would close and he probably wouldn't be able to open them again.

"What about those pipes, along that wall." He asked, motioning with his head towards the piping running up and down the port wall. 

"No good." She told him. "Those are all coolant lines, and coolant would be easy to identify if mixed with the core's plasma. We need something that will break down."

The two scanned the room. There was a sense of urgency in that they wanted the mission completed as quickly as possible, but neither panicked, as they knew the room itself was fairly isolated. Lorians might be paranoid, but as far as they knew, it was impossible for a human to do anything to the equipment in this room. That said, they didn't want to linger a moment longer than necessary. 

"There's got to be something." He said, thinking a loud. He cursed himself for putting himself in a position he couldn't get out of. He should have had her put on the gloves, so he was the one mobile and free to improvise. If that cost them the mission, he'd never forgive himself. 

Holly was also kicking herself mentally. Searching for something, anything that could salvage this mission. 

"What about saliva?" she said. "Organics break down, and we could probably produce a lot of it."

Trigger nodded, it seemed like a decent suggestion, and was at least something worth trying. Holly leaned over the power core and spit. The saliva hit the sphere and dripped down along the surface. She re-positioned herself, standing on the tips of her toes to ensure she was able to spit directly on the top of sphere. He snuck a peek at her ass, as the tight material framed it amazingly. Far too light to break through the surface, the second attempt also poured down the sides. 

"No good. It needs to be heavier to get through the surface barrier." She told him. 

"Shit. Will what we added already be enough?" he asked, fearing their entire mission had failed.

"Doubtful. Ideally we'd have twice as much in there, but I don't think there is anything else we can do." She told him. 

Trigger shook his head. If the coolant wouldn't break down and saliva couldn't break through, there was only one other option. 

"I hesitant to even mention this, but..." he started. 

"But what?" she asked, her eyes squinted at him questioning. It was unlike him to speak so delicately. Normally he was blunt as hell.

"You're not going to like it." He told her.

"Like is irrelevant. We're here to do the mission. The mission is everything." She told him genuinely. 

"Well..." he hesitated.

"Trig, act like a fucking professional. If you have a solution, than let's finish the job." She barked at him. She'd seen him chew out cadets for humming and hawing less than he was doing right now and she'd be damned if she was going to let him treat her like anything less than an equal, his rank notwithstanding.

"I can produce... a viscus fluid, but I'm going to need a hand, so to speak." He motioned with his head to his hands, still locked in position. 

She looked at him quizzically for a moment, before she realized what he meant. To her credit, she didn't so much as raise an eyebrow once she figured it out. 

His semen could replicate most of the properties of the fluid they were supposed to use, and with his hands unavailable, she'd have to manually stimulate him to get it.

He'd been right, she hadn't liked it. Not at all. He was a pompous, arrogant jerk that she didn't like to be around and while the thought of giving him a hand job would have been completely unthinkable in any other situation, it seemed to be their only option now. She'd be damned if she was going to let another failure go on her record, regardless of her feelings. And it's not like he wasn't good looking. It was just his personality that was a turn off. 

Without a word, she nodded, determined to be professional about the whole thing. She walked to him, reached over and silently undid his fly. She pulled his cock out and wrapped a hand around his completely soft member. She squeezed it a few times and then gently pulled on it but got no response what so ever from him or his dick. 

"I suppose some visuals are required." She told him. She released him and took a step back. She unzipped her skin tight top quite a ways. Her breasts were small, so her neck line could get past her navel without actually showing much in the way of cleavage. 

"How is that?" she asked, the tone of her voice an extremely forced attempt at being sexy. 

"It'd be perfect..." he told her. "...if I was a first year cadet. Christ woman, have you never had sex with a real man before?"

His tone was angry, but she refused to be hurt by it. Instead, she accepted his challenge and unzipped her top completely so it hung open, but her breasts were still covered. She looked at him stoically. "Are you an ass man or a tit man?" 

He smiled reluctantly. She was a bitch and he didn't like her, but she had a great set of tits that he had stared at more than once. Normally she wouldn't be worth the hassle of seeing naked, but given the situation, he figured he might as well take advantage.

"Titman." He told her. "Though there is nothing wrong with a woman with a nice ass"

"Tits it is then." She said. Without missing a beat, she flipped her top over her shoulders and dropped it to the floor. She stood for a moment as he took in her topless form. Her breasts were round, but small. Her skin was a flawless creaminess, her nipples wonderfully puffy. His cock began to stiffen. 

"So that does it for you huh?" she asked, as she stepped forward, ducking under one arm so they were face to face. She took hold of his cock once more. "You like my tits do you, Commander?" 

As she used one hand to stroke his cock, she held her breasts up with the other arm. He stiffened even more under her touch.

"They are okay, for a start." He told her, giving her as little encouragement as he could. 

"For a start huh?" she challenged him. "I bet these little hands can make your cock spurt without even trying."

"Maybe when I was a younger man..." he admitted, "...but these days I need my women to put forth more of an effort."

Holly pumped his cock faster, up and down, gripping him tightly. The two stood face to face, angry with one another, each refusing to concede anything. 

"You're hard as a rock. It seems this is working well enough for you." She told him still seething, even as she continued to stroke his rock hard cock.

"I wake up this hard, woman. Get on your knees and show me what you can really do." He ordered. 

She hid her surprise well. Up to that point, she had had no intention of anything other than a hand job. The idea of putting Trigger Orion's cock in her mouth had never even crossed her mind. She wanted to refuse him. She almost did but this was what the mission required and she was determined it would succeed.

"Is that what you'd like huh? You like your little sluts to suck your cock? Is that how Trigger gets off? The decorated war hero has to convince young women to suck his cock, for queen and country?" she mocked him. 

"Don't judge too quickly." He countered. "You're one of those sluts now aren't you? You're going to have that cock in your pretty little mouth soon and you're going to like it."

"I may put it in my mouth..." she told him, as she dropped to her knees. "But I'm never going to like it." She gave him a look of disgust, then stuck out her tongue and licked his shaft. 

"Ahh, that's it woman." He ordered as he looked down at her. She looked back up in loathing but not stopping. In fact she made a point of staring right at him. As her hand stroked his shaft and her tongue lapped at his balls, her eyes burnt daggers at him. 

"Is this what you need?" she asked. "A pretty little mouth around this big fat cock?" and then she took his dick deep into her mouth. He gasped as she bobbed her head up and down fast, sucking hard.

Lt Ascella wasn't happy, but if there was one thing she knew, it was her duty. She needed to make her Commander cum, and though the academy may not have trained her for this specifically, it had taught her the mission was everything. She'd do whatever it took to accomplish it. She grasped his ass and pulled herself forward, deep throating him in one swift motion. 

"Fuck woman. You've done this before. You've done this a thousand times haven't you?" he said. 

She pulled his cock out of her mouth, continuing to pump as she spoke. "Is that what you like? A whore that sucks cock?"

"Yes." He told her. "Now tell me you're my whore. Tell me you're my little fucking whore."

She hated him in that moment, making her say such a vile, dirty thing. But she refused to back down. 

"I'm a whore. I'm little whore that is sucking your fat fucking cock." She told him. "Right now, I'm Your Little. Fucking. Whore." Then dove back onto his dick like the desperate whore she was pretending to be, deep throating him again.

"Uhhh" he grunted, delighting in her warm, wet mouth. But as the sensations built, he shifted his cock awkwardly, trying to get her to release him. 

"What?" she barked as he slipped out of her mouth. 

"I was close there." He told her. 

"Isn't that the whole point?!" she argued. 

"Think woman, we need to put as much into the core as we can. The more we add, the more likelihood of success." He told her. She cursed inwardly, knowing he was right. 

"You need to keep me at the edge for as long as you can, without tipping me over. The longer I take, the more we'll get. Its basic human physiology."

"You're a fucking bastard." She told him.

"That may be, but I'm not wrong, am I?" he asked. 

"No. You're not wrong." She relented, keeping her rage inside. There was no point in having humiliated herself this much, only to then fail. She had already committed herself, this was just seeing it through. 

"Now give me a moment to calm down."

"Yes, sir." She said, unmoving. 

"But we don't want me too calmed down though do we? Why don't you play with yourself for a bit."

"You're a fucking pig." She told him as she began to pull off her skin tight pants. She had to wiggle to get them off, shaking her hips. She was too close for him to fully enjoy her pussy as she exposed it, but he did admire the way her tiny breasts bounced as she shook. 

"I'm sorry." he said with a tone that made it clear he wasn't. "Should I be worried about your feelings here or completing the mission?"

Again, he was right and she knew it. 

"Completing the mission, sir" she told him reluctantly, as she reached down and began to play with her pussy. 

Commander Orion watched as she stood in the space between him and the power core. His dick twitched as she used one hand fondle her tits. Her other arm moved rapidly, and though he couldn't see her hand, he knew she was fingering herself. After a few moments, her breathing became laboured. 

"You're actually enjoying this." He said with a wry smile. 

"Fuck you." She told him. 

"Yeah, okay. Fuck me." He agreed, knowing she had meant it as an insult not an offer, but taking her up on it all the same. 

She shook her head at him, but knew she was going to. Given the limited space and his arms being unavailable to support her as he stood stuck to a machine, face to face was too awkward. She had to turn around so her ass was to his crotch, so they could fuck doggy style. It wasn't a position she chose often, because of the animalistic nature of it. She usually preferred to be able to see her lover and not treated like just a body there to be fucked. In this case however not having to look at Trigger was a bit of a bonus. 

She backed up, and the reached between her legs to guide his cock to her pussy. As the tip pushed against her tight hole, she involuntarily grunted in pleasure. 

"You like that?" he asked as he thrust the rest of his cock into her swiftly.

"Uhhh." She grunted again. "Is this, uhhh, where I tell you how big your, uhhh, cock feels?"

He began pumping in and out. Her ass rhythmically hit his pelvis as he pounded away. 

"You fucking love this and you know it." He told her. 

"Oh, it so big commander." She mocked him angrily. "Your cock is so big, uhhh, it's stretching out my pussy."

Despite her tone however, what she was saying was true. His cock did feel huge inside her, and though she was angry as the situation, she had to admit that it did feel amazing to be penetrated so intensely.
