 Pixies, Busties, Ryans, Chads...

Orgasmia's inhabitants were proving even more varied than I had imagined.

The screams went on all night, only stopping some time before dawn. Outside, the line had taken hours to dwindle to nothing, as half of the Pixie settlement took up madam Vidia's offer.

Trixie and I had a cabin to ourselves. The bed was large enough for me to lie down in, though it took up more than half the space. The floorboards outside creaked whenever someone walked past.

Trixie seemed particularly excited. No sooner had we entered the room then she had grabbed me and flung me onto the bed. Tearing off my clothes, she assaulted my cock with her usual vigour. With great effort, I managed to delay my orgasm for several minutes. It was enough for her to have at least half a dozen of her own.

Even when I had finished, she sucked me dry merrily, then lay on the bed next to me, furiously rubbing her cunt. Screams could be faintly heard from somewhere in the depths of the barge, as the Thickcocks attended to another client. Whenever they seemed to reach a crescendo, the pace of Trixie's masturbating would quicken. Her face was flushed with sweat, her petite body feeling like a small furnace next to my own.

This must have gone on for hours. Eventually I fell asleep, tired from the day's walk, at some point Trixie must have done the same. 

By the time we woke sunlight was creeping into the room, and the gentle rocking of the floor indicated that the barge was underway. Quietly, so as not to disturb Trixie, I climbed out of bed, quietly opened the door and headed down the corridor. A few moments later I ascended a short staircase and found myself on deck. 

We were slowly heading upriver, at somewhat less than a walking pace. A trio of masts were spaced down the centre of the barge, the sails unfurled and catching a steady breeze. The barge was lowest in its centre, with castles a deck higher at the front and rear. The whole thing was a little over a hundred feet long and maybe thirty wide. It was rectangular in shape.

Along the banks we were passing through more forest, with the occasional village surrounded by farmlands. Behind us - to the west, were the low hills that might have been the same ones where I'd crash-landed several days before. More highlands were visible to the north, while east of us the horizon was mostly flat. 

Looking around, I sensed movement behind me, and managed to tear my eyes off the astonishing greenery.

It was one of the Ryans.

The man (or should I say male nymphite) was leaning against the railing on the opposite side of the barge. His hulking form was still a lot to take it, looking so much like an oversized bodybuilder. I estimated his height at well over seven feet, maybe seven and a half. His arms and legs and of almost equal thickness, comparable to the trunk of an ordinary man's body. He wore nothing but a cloth wrapped around his waist like a speedo, leaving little to the imagination. He was presumably flaccid at that moment, yet there was a noticeable bulge. 

Perhaps sensing my presence in turn, the nymphite turned slightly to glance at me. He did a slight double take - perhaps the sight of a new man surprised him. He looked me up and down briefly. I hastily looked away, not wanting him to see me stare. Would he get the wrong idea? I was not gay, had never had the slightest inclination to it, but even I couldn't help admire his physique. How many men would kill to look like that - even if he was a bit oversized?

From somewhere near the front of the barge I heard voices. I walked in that direction, perhaps not wanting to feel so out of place. I found a short staircase that led me to the top of the forecastle. I found before me a group of people having breakfast.

Three of the male nymphites were there - and all three types were covered, a 'regular', a 'Ryan' and the 'Chad'. They all wore the same thin strips of cloth that seemed to be standard attire here. I wasn't sure if it was the climate or not. Around them were a number of what had to be more Busties, presumably making up the barge's crew. All of them were busily munching fruit, their massive chests straining noticeably at their thin garments. I counted six of them, plus Madam Vidia who sat at the end of the table. She turned to look at me as I approached.

"Helloo, Jay-soon of the sky" she crooned, getting up and waking towards me. Before I could object, she had taken my hand firmly and led me to the table, pushing be down onto a bench. She pulled a large bowl of fruit towards me.

"Eat up, we have weeks and weeks of sailing ahead of us!" she said enthusiastically. 

I had been seated near the end of the table. The massive form of one of the Ryans was seated near me. Opposite was the one I recognised as the Chad. He was now hidden below the waist by the table, but a part of me couldn't help but imagine what he had down there. I grabbed a fruit seemingly at random, pausing slightly when I realised I had grabbed a rather large, yellow banana. I shook my head slightly. I had barely started eating when I heard a deep voice.

"Where did they pull you from?"

It was the Ryan who had spoken. His voice was a deep rumble, unlike any person I had ever heard. Were I a woman, I might have swooned at how deep it was, as inhumanly masculine as his body. I replied between mouthfuls of fruit.

"The Pixies caught me, I'm from the sky, actually."

The Ryan gave a deep, booming chuckle.

"You are no nymphite, you are small! With penis of child!"

There was a round of laughter at this. The Bustie crewmembers all giggled, looking me up and down curiously. The one seated nearest to me seemed to be eyeing my groin hungrily. On average I seemed to be a few inches taller than all of them. In fact, aside from their chests, they were the first regular-sized women I had seen since arriving here. I wasn't sure how to reply to this, my face must have been going red. I bit hastily into a pear.

"Now now, Sarsour, don't be mean" said another voice, almost as deep, that belonged to the 'Chad' sitting opposite. He was grinning at me, though his tone still carried a hint of malice. "Some men are just born deformed. I have a cousin; he is just seven inches. Women laugh at him sometimes, but it's not like they won't fuck you! There aren't enough men to go round. I'd feel sorry for him otherwise though. I mean, what woman would be happy with just seven inches? Except perhaps your Pixie!" he finished with a laugh.

I shifted uncomfortably where I sat, at a loss of how to respond to this. At that moment another voice piped up.

"He is plenty big!"

Trixie was striding across the deck. She was glaring at the Chad angrily, though this had limited effect, given that she was maybe two-thirds his height. She came and sat down next to me, wrapping her arms around my neck. She gave the Chad another angry look.

"He makes me cum so much, you would not believe it!"

The male nymphites all laughed. The Busties giggled again. The Chad looked Trixie up and down.

"A child's cock for a child-sized woman! It fits well then?"

"It fits perfectly!"

There was more laughter. Trixie seemed defiant. My face might have gone even redder. What sort of crazy place was this? 

"You don't want to try bigger?" the Chad asked, rising to his feet. "You don't want this?"

His crotch had just come into view. Beneath his cloth, a great bulge was visible, like he was concealing a small python. He rubbed it with a large hand. Beside me I felt Trixie stiffen.

"I bet I'm twice his size" the Chad said. "Easy!"

Beside me, Trixie quivered. She was biting her lip, eyeing the Chad's groin. She seemed unable to respond.

"Tell you what" the Chad went on. "If I'm at least twice as big, I'll let you fuck me, Pixie. How does that sound?"

Pixie still didn't answer, she seemed transfixed by the male nymphite's bulge. It was finally Madam Vidia who spoke.

"I have to admit, I am curious, Jason of the sky, how big are sky men?"

I nearly choked on my fruit. I somehow managed to stammer out a reply.

"Well...as big as we need to be...I'd say."

"Come - show us, I have granted you passage after all. We are merely curious."

Perhaps it was the topic of conversation, or the presence of so many gorgeous, naked bodies around me, both female and male, but I was thoroughly hard by this point. Resigning myself to the inevitable, I slowly stood up, Trixie releasing her hold on me. I removed my shirt first, then my pants. By now everyone had gone quiet and was staring in anticipation.

"Come on little man" one of the busties cried. "Show us what you've got!"

"Ok" I said with a shrug. I removed my underwear, revealing all six inches of me.

There was a moment of silence, then another bought of laughter, louder than before. All of the Bustie women were giggling hysterically, a few holding their hands over their mouths. Madam Vidia had broken into a wide smile, while some of the men were smirking.

"No, keep them off" Madam Vidia said, when I went to cover myself again. I hesitated then, kicked off my underwear and sat back down. Trixie snuggled up beside me again. Beside my waist, I felt a familiar damp patch. Looking down, I saw that the whole bench where Trixie sat was soaked in her juices. I felt hot at this realisation. Clearly, Trixie was enjoying the show tremendously. I didn't know if it was just the sight of me or the humiliation of the moment. I glanced back at the Chad, who was smirking also.

"Furlo, care to show us our star performer?" Madam Vidia asked.

The Chad - Furlo - nodded, then in a flash removed the strip about his waist.

My first thought was that the disparity wasn't so bad. What Furlo had pulled out certainly looked impressive, but it could only have been a couple of inches longer than my own, not long enough that I quite understood the laughter. Then I realised the disheartening truth - his member was still soft, hanging limply down the front of his body.

"I might need a little help" Furlo said, his voice a growl. "I was rather busy last night, must have fucked twenty girls, not that all of them could take it!"

Immediately, three or four of the Bustie women jumped up. There was a small stampede as they rushed towards the Chad. In a moment they were all groping for his member, kissing and licking it wherever they could.

I tried to distract myself by helping myself to some more fruit, consciously avoiding the bananas, but it was hard to ignore the scene at the end of the table. Beneath the clutching hands and slurping tongues, I saw something growing bigger and bigger. Three different women were working its length, and soon they all had room to place their hands along it. After maybe a minute or so of this, Furlo told the women to back off, giving us a proper view again. I nearly chocked on my breakfast. 

His cock had swollen in size enormously, more than porn star length. I tried to picture it next to a 30cm centremeter ruler, and concluded that it must have been considerably longer. It stood erect from his waist like a baton, coming well above his belly button, itself nearly concealed by hard pectoral muscles.

"Twice as long, right? Let's compare then."

Furlo walked around the table, his member proceeding him like he was hacking through a jungle with a machete. He stopped behind me, I could feel his body heat.

"Have a look Pixie, see how your boyfriend measures up."

Trixie was positively gushing over the bench by this point, staring at the hard cock right in front of her. I saw her mouth twitch, like she had made to lick her lips and only stopped at the last moment. Everyone else was staring. There was more giggling from the Busties.

"Fourteen inches of pleasure!" Furlo went on. "More than you can handle, I'm sure, and some of my family are even bigger! Do you want to give it a ride?"

Trixie still seemed speechless, but couldn't tear her eyes away from his member.

"I'll take that as a yes then" Furlo said triumphantly. Before I could do anything, he had grabbed Trixie and swung her over his shoulder. I sat there, frozen to the spot, as the Chad gave me a casual wink and began to stride across the deck. With his free hand he had reached for Trixie's cunt, now visible from underneath her garments. As he started fingering it merrily she finally let out a sound - an intense, ear-splitting shriek of pleasure, which quickly turned into a series of low moans as the two of them vanished down below deck.