 *This is my first story, so any help would be appreciated. This story is going to be a longer one, it also going to have many different types of fetishes. There will be a plot later on in the story but it is going to be built up. Thank you for reading my story and please comment your ideas! *

*****

Jack groaned as he pumped his hand up and down on his cock. He could feel the pressure building and knew he was about to climax. He stared at his computer screen as a milf was getting banged doggy style by her son. He climaxed at the same time as the man on screen, thick fluid coming from his cock. He sighed and lay on his bed for a moment before he heard his mom yell from upstairs. 

"Jack get up! You need to get ready for school!" his mom yelled.

"Ok, Mom! Coming!" he yelled back slightly annoyed. 

He quickly cleaned up his mess and wiped the incest porn from his browser. He got dressed in a simple red shirt and a pair of jeans. He hurried out of his room almost tripping over some clothes on his way out. 

When he got upstairs, smells of bacon and eggs wafted over him. His stomach grumbled with delight, and his mouth started to water. His sister was sitting at the table eating while texting on her phone, even though it was against the rules. He had been fantasizing about his sister for years now and no one could blame him. She had brown hair that reached just above her 34b sized breast. She had a slight hourglass shape but still supported a big, and round ass. He took every chance he got to look at her amazing body. 

"Jack, let's go." he heard his mom say as he snapped back into reality. 

His mom was standing next to the island and was holding out a plate for him. She was a bigger woman and was still beautiful even at her age of 43. He grabbed the plate and loaded it up with bacon and eggs, and grabbed a big glass of orange juice. He just sat down and was about to gobble down his food, when he heard the doorbell. His sister pretending not to hear it and kept texting on her phone.

"I'll get it," he said with a sigh and got up to the door. He opened the door and was surprised to find a mailman at the door. 

"Are you Jack Moore?" the mailman asked.

"Yes, I am."

"I need you to sign here then." 

Jack grabbed the clipboard, signing it with his signature. The mailman pulled out a box and handed it over to him, before turning and walking away. He looked at the box puzzled because delivery doesn't happen till the afternoon. 

"What was that for!" his mom asked from the kitchen. 

"It was just some guy!" he replied back. 

"Oh okay, you better finish getting ready for school." She said back. 

Jack ran back down to his room clutching the box with curiosity. He grabbed a pair of scissor bubbling with excitement. When he opened the box he was greeted by a golden lamp nestled on a velvet cushion. He took out the lamp eyebrows furrowed in confusing. There was a little smear and he tried to rub it off when gas spewed from the nozzle. It started to take shape and when the cloud cleared he gasped in shock. A beautiful girl with red hair stood in front of him. Her hair flowed down her neck like waves and touched the nipples of her 28dd sized breast. She had a perfect hourglass shape with a nice curvy ass.

"Hello, Master," she said in the sweetest voice ever. 

"Wwww...hat" jack asked as he felt the bulge in his pants. 

"I am the genie of the lamp, and now you are my master. You get unlimited wishes as long as you follow the rules" she replied smiling.

"What rules?" Jack said coming back to his senses.

"You can't affect other genies and can't wish to live forever" she replied. Jack still stood there not believing his luck. Feeling horny Jack made his first wish.

"I wish for a blowjob" He wished knowing he was rushing it a bit, but wanted to make sure the genie was real. 

The genie just smiled knowing this was usually the first wish, and she walked over to him make her breast jiggle. She got down on her knees and pulled down his pants. His seven-inch cock sprung free throbbing with anticipation. She slowly started to jack him off while massaging his balls. Jack groaned as she put her mouth on his cock and started swirling her tongue around the tip. He gasped loudly as his cock slowly entered her warm, wet mouth. She started bobbing her mouth up and down his cock, taking all seven inches easily. Jack felt his cock hitting the back of her throat as she started to speed up. He couldn't control his urges as he grabbed her hair and starting ramming his cock deeper into her mouth. He felt his balls slap against her face as he continued mouth fucking her with full force. He felt the pressure building in his cock and soon couldn't hold it back.

"I AM GONNA CUM!" He screamed as he shoved his cock in her mouth. 

Waves of pleasure went through his body as he came deep into her throat. He waited till his orgasm ended and pulled out his now limp dick. 

"How was it, Master," the genie asked as a little bit of cum rolled down her chin. 

"It was amazing!" Jack replied. He looked at his nude genie and his dick immediately became hard again. 

"Do you want to do it again." she asked. 

"Soon but I need to get to know you more." he asked a bit sheepishly.

"It's Jennifer but you can call me Jenny for short," Jenny started, "I have been stuck in my lamp for 1500 years until you released me."

"Wow! That's a long time" Jack responded feeling sad for the genie.

"Yeah, but I was unconscious during that time," she said trying to cheer up her master. 

"Well I guess it is my turn," Jack stated, "First my name is Jack Moore and I am adopted. I am eighteen years old and just starting senior year of high school." Jenny nodded not knowing what the heck high school was but didn't want to disappoint her master. 

Jack paused for a moment before saying, "You probably don't know what I am talking about." 

"If you want master I can probe your mind of information." she replied. 

"Oh okay," Jack said then he felt a tingle in his head. 

"Wow! The world has changed a lot since I seen it last!" Jenny exclaimed. Jack smiled at Jenny's excitement about the new information. He glanced at his clock and jumped from his bed.

"Oh shit, I am going to be late for school." He said getting his clothes back on. He suddenly heard Jenny giggle and stop what he was doing.

"What so funny?" he asked.

"Well you have a genie now, you can do whatever you want!" she replied jumping to her feet. It took a few seconds for the idea for fully settle into Jack's brain. 

"Oh yeah! I wish for the school not to care how late I am," he declared. He felt a slight tingle as the wish was granted. 

"Do want to make another wish?" Jenny asked happy to please her master. Jack looked at Jenny's gorgeous body and another thought came to him.

"Yes, I do. First I want my cock to be ten inches when erect," as he finished his wish he felt another tingle. "And I want my body to be in perfect shape." When he was done, he now had a six pack and his excess fat was gone. 

"Now do you want round two?" Jenny asked her pussy wet from looking at her now sexy master. 

Jack didn't answer as he embraced her and connected their lips. He pried her lips open with his tongue ready to explore her mouth. She moaned as he spun his tongue inside deep her mouth. Using his hands he explored the rest of her body. He cupped one her breast in one hand rubbing one of her hard tits, while the other was squeezing her ass cheeks. He ended their passionate kissing, getting a slight groan of disappointment from Jenny. With a quick gesture he tossed her on his bed, a look a surprise came on Jenny's face. He got on top her a quickly began sucking on her now hard nipples while caressing her firm, wet soft breast. 

A groan of pleasure escaped from Jenny's lips, surprised at how good her virgin master was. Jack slowly started to rub her clit with his right hand while still sucking her nipples. He couldn't hold it any longer as he positioned his cock at her pussy entrance. He slowly started pushing his way into her warm, wet cunt. He gasped as he felt her warm pussy juice around his cock. He plunged even deeper feeling every ridge and muscle in her tight body. 

"YES! FUCK ME HARD!" Jenny yelled yelling squeezing her tits. 

He started fucking her harder, his ten-inch cock pulsing with energy. He keeps pounding her tight pussy as she started bucking her hips matching his speed. He felt the pressure building up and knew he wouldn't last much longer. 

"Jenny! I wish for unlimited stamina!" He quickly cried out. Tingle.

He cried out in pleasure as he rammed his cock deep into her pussy, filling her womb with his hot cum. He kept fucking her even though he just came, his cock still hard as ever. The sound of his balls slapping her ass filled the room. His intense fucking finally sent Jenny into an organism that made her body tremble from the pleasure. He felt her pussy tighten around his cock as he was sent into another organism, sending more of his hot cum deep into her pussy. 

"Your pussy feels so good!" He managed to say. 

They continued to fuck for hours, Jack spewing loads of cum into her pussy, and Jenny having multiple orgasms. When they were done Jack flopped on the bed, tired from all of the fucking he just did. He cuddled up with Jenny in a spooning position, his hard cock still deep in her cunt. He suddenly felt his cock being massaged by her pussy in an inhuman way. He didn't question how it was possible, his mind tired from everything that just happened. He felt his eyelids growing heavy and before he sank into sleep, he knew he was the luckiest boy alive.