 Hey everybody, this chapter has a lot of notes on the culture of the lost world, as well as some explanation for why the world is the way it is... but don't worry, there's still plenty of sex, because, well, this is me, right? Would love to hear all feedback, questions and comments, ideally sent to my e-mail via the information in my profile page. If you do wish to comment here, please don't do so anonymously if you want an answer. I hope you all enjoy!

*****

It was a big step for me to admit that my transformation was complete, but once I had, it made the succeeding days a pleasant blur. I left behind all pretense of Virtue, and all concern for ever leaving this tribe let alone the whole planet. While I wasn't strictly researching any longer, I still made endless new observations about the tribe.

For one thing, how ancient they were was a bit of a shock. They kept time on a flat section of canyon wall; it was tradition for a single man or woman to come and carve a single notch in it each new year's morning. It took me a long time just to count one row and one column so I could multiply the total and I'm certain my count couldn't have been quite correct, but even at my most conservative estimate there were just thousands upon thousands of years added up.

What was more extraordinary to me, and would seem to make a lie of all talk of Virtue and Vice, was that these were a people that had never known war. I was taught growing up that emotion was the heart of war, that people's capacity for anger and jealousy and lusty would cause them to fly off the handle in ways that escalated bigger and bigger, resulting in mass conflict between groups of people.

But in all their history, according to every elder I could find, there had been no such struggle. I began to evolve a theory of my own; what if war wasn't the result of emotion, but rather, limited resources? The Salinthi- sorry, Arosians, were without need for competition. The plants of this world grew fruit so aggressively the people could never have hoped to keep up eating as fast as they could. On top of that, sperm and pussy juice seemed to make up a majority of the protein needed for diet and my previous analysis showing that both were much higher in protein than would be found in off-worlders it stood to reason that it was enough to live on, especially with the sexual appetites the tribe exhibited. Rij, Nila and I fucked no less than 4-to-6 times daily, and that's to say nothing of when they introduced me to one of their holidays during which we engaged in literally nonstop coitus from sun-up to sun-down.

Apparently, Rij failing to maintain erection or produce at least one orgasm every hour would have been an insult to Aros, so Nila and I had work diligently to keep him aroused and cumming. We were legitimately exhausted by nightfall, but felt proud of a job, and a man, well done. Did I mention I found humor too? It seemed freeing one emotion tended to bring the others along for the ride and now I couldn't seem to resist lewd jokes, puns, anything I could get my mind around to giggle about.

Another curious thing about the Arosians was their approach to death. Given the amazing length of their lives (as long as three hundred years in some cases) and the fact that they stayed unbelievably virile and youthful-looking for that whole time, you would think that each death would be a shocking and terrible thing, but it was not the case. When one of their number happened to pass they held a huge town-wide orgy, particularly focused on whatever acts or techniques the departed enjoyed the most, and then life simply went on. At first this horrified me, but with time and thought I saw the beauty in it; of all the people in history who would claim to want to make memorials a celebration of life, the Arosians were the only ones I'd seen who truly did exactly that.

Children were few; I could not exactly piece that one together. I never saw any below the age of 18 in my time exploring, but what was absolutely clear was that they were forbidden from sexual acts of any kind. Adults would herd them away from whatever acts might take place in their vicinity. Psychologically at least, it made sense.

Beyond an age cut-off, there seemed almost nothing taboo to the people of Aros. While Rij and Nila were married, a bond that would last for life, it seemed to carry no expectation of fidelity. In fact, I found in time that Arosians chose their partners based on whomever sex was the most comfortable and came the most naturally. They would encourage one another, even to the point of physical pushing, to get involved with others sexually for excitement. It was a given that others would excite and entice members of a married couple, so there was no fight to keep anything exclusive, the taboos of infidelity and cuckoldry simply didn't exist. These were a people who seemed to dwell in perfect compersion at all times.

There was no taboo about incest either. Sons would regularly pilgrimage back to their mothers, revisiting the vaginas they came from, brothers and sisters would revel in one another's bodies once age of majority was reached, and they would marry regularly. Daddies ,daughters, aunts nephews, uncles-nieces , there was simply nothing off-limits. As horrified as humans of the past might be at this prospect, I could see the logic in it. These were a people who did not seem to know sickness or deformity; in fact I had yet to see any women at all who were even pregnant, so however they were reproducing it wasn't in a way that could be corrupted on the genetic level. There was quite literally no harm.

Another thing that made sense about the lack of these particular taboos was the seeming lack of males. Women outnumbered them by at least two-to-one and this had the understandable result of the tribe needing to find ways to satisfy those men without expecting all of them to be paired off in monogamous marriage. On top of that, I caught women sexually playing more than a few times, they rarely seemed to pair off permanently, but seemed to enjoy learning to work sexually as a couple for the purpose of further gratifying an eventual male target.

Lastly, with the exception of halting or moving for those too young, the Arosians had no sense of privacy. They freely wandered into one another's dwellings, watched each other fuck, jerked off to it, and generally did not believe in concepts such as personal space or shyness. I had to laugh at myself for thinking early on that those trios and couples I'd witnessed coming to the lack for sex were doing so to seek privacy. The truth, it turned out, was exactly the opposite. That was an echoey, loud place, magnifying the enjoyment of those fucking who could revel in their own sex noises AND it served as a beacon for those men enduring the Year Walk, welcoming them whenever they happened to reach home. More on that later.

It had been two weeks total since I'd crashed on the planet. My anatomy was completely changed, my facial features softer, my eyes a deeper sapphire color, my breasts finally capping out their insane growth at an insane HH cup, my ass an impressive forty inches around, it looked especially round and luscious beneath my waspish 26-inch waist. My lips had plumped up into pillowy instruments of dick-sucking, my tongue could probe deep or even wrap around a cock at its astounding new length. I spent my mornings sucking cock, my afternoons exploring others while they fucked, and my evenings getting absolutely destroyed sexually until I'd collapse in a weary heap. Great philosophers have written about how any pleasure becomes muted when repeated, yet I could find no truth to these axioms as I was transformed into a well-spring of fountaining cunt-juice every single night. Somehow, that never gets old.

It was in the height of ecstasy one night as my hands were pawing at Nila's (now smaller-than-mine) tits, as Rij was giving it to me good from behind, as I devoured her sex, grinding my face into it from the impact of every deep huge-cocked fuck-thrust, as all these things happened I had an oh shit realization:

I'd totally forgotten poor David!

________________________________________

The trek back to the pod was much easier than I remembered it being, but then I remembered how much I'd changed physically. While mostly the Arosian transformative effect had made me into a hyper-curvaceous boob-monster, it had also graced me with larger muscles, an increased lung-capacity and possibly even an inch or two of height, all of which added up to much more endurance in the face of long-term travel.

When I reached the pod I started by peaking in one of the portholes... I was feeling worry, something which had not penetrated my life since I was a very small child and it took me surprisingly hard. I had experienced so little emotion in my life I had no endurance for any of it, and now living in this virtual utopia it seemed unlikely I would ever have the time to build a true tolerance.

But thankfully, my worries were indeed totally unfounded; there David slept, oxygen-mask connected to his face, intravenous nutrition being fed into one of his arms. I opened the craft up and took a moment to check the various monitors and vital-sign displays.

A few things were curious to me. For one thing, David was seemingly untouched by the transformative effects of the planet, he was just much slighter than I remembered; had I ever been so small? So frail? So pale? His appearance was downright alien after just a few hundred hours dwelling among men who were solidly built, bulky with muscle, and oh-so-well-endowed. Unable to fight the urge I even used a hand to frame his genitals in his single-suit and couldn't help but snicker a little; how could such a teeny-tiny penis be of any use to anyone? But then it hadn't been, and I couldn't sit in judgment, I'd started my time here as flat-chested as a view-screen.

The second thing that was odd to me was the ship's filters were massively clogged. While the nutrition synthesizer had managed to extract what it needed to furnish David with protein and carbohydrates while he slept, it had done so besieged by a fine aggregate substance that accumulated in a dense clot all over the filtration system. I pinched some of it between my fingers and let it pour from my hand with sand; to a xenobotanist like myself the texture was unmistakable, this was pollen!

Suddenly everything about the world clicked into place for me and I knew the answers I'd been searching for. I pulled David from the capsule, finding him surprisingly light though still an effort to full-on carry and laid him down, letting him breath in the true Arosian atmosphere as he woke. After a time, his eyes finally fluttered open.

"Ngh... whuh? Where am I?" It was a reasonable question.

"Hi David, you're still on Aros--Erm, Salinth." My eyes traveled his frame, I couldn't get over how puny he was.

"Oh, right, of course. Forgive me, the stasis must not have been short, I'm disoriented." His eyes didn't seem to know where to find purchase on me, they were growing increasingly baffled as they roamed my slightly changed face and then grew wide in shock at the sight of my humongous rack, settling there a moment. In his suit I could see the impression of a very small penis shifting a bit, and I couldn't help but smirk.

"Holly, what happened to you? You're... you're so different."

I nodded, "I actually just figured it all out seconds before you woke. Are you ready to try standing with me?"

He grimaced, while his head-wound and smaller injuries had been given time to heal fully, his leg's break had been major and there was no way the limb would be functional yet.

"I'll help you on the bad side, I just want to get us moving. And I'll tell you what I put together on the way."

He groaned as we struggled up, his arm over my shoulder as I supported his weight to help him. I was again thankful for all the new musculature.

"So," I started, "Are you familiar with the concept of co-evolution?"

________________________________________

The walk back to the village with David along was slow going. I knew the regenerative effects of the planet would be doing their work on him, and he'd probably be surprised at how independent he'd be after just a night or two of breathing the native air. Of course, the emotional effects were hitting him two and I was aware of how intentionally his hands would brush against my breasts whenever he got the chance; I couldn't blame him for his interest there, ever since my transformation I'd groped myself on the regular, like I couldn't quite believe they were real.

"So here's the deal," I began to lecture once we set a halting pace, "somewhere in Salinth's past, there was a huge cataclysm. I don't know what it was exactly, but it could have been a huge volcanic eruption or anything else that would block light and suppress oxygen production in plants for generations, only gradually resolving itself."

He nodded, with me so far.

"That gradualism is key. During that time, most animals would have gone extinct, along with most plants. But those that did survive had a few traits that they passed on to their descendants. The first is a lack of dependence on sunlight; that common ancestor for all the current plants was probably something not unlike a Venus fly-trap or even a corpse-eating lichen."

"What does this have to do with your, erm, mammary growth exactly?" The product of suppressed emotion for generations, but he was still a man.

"I'm getting to it. These early plants were carnivorous, and thanks to the mass extinction actually had a surprising amount to eat, they would have thrived in these dark days. While most species were dying, the ones clinging to life and, more than likely, already cultivating these plants for food, were the higher primates, humans."

"Surely you don't consider any creatures here to be human? That's a distinction reserved for those of us who descended from earth, other humanoids are just aliens."

I shook my head, biting down a little anger. I know I'd sounded the same way once, but it enraged to be reminded of how that had been. "I thought that same as you when I first landed; in my head and logs I referred to the natives, Arosians they call themselves, as 'males' and 'females' instead of men and women. But the more I tried to decouple them from the concept of basic humanity the more I came to realize how wrong that was, how in many ways, you and I and the rest of our kind of have separated ourselves from our humanity. Emotion is our humanity." I added the last part hesitantly.

"That is Vice!" David's voice was still fairly flat, but I could feel the emotion in it all the same. Using my own emotions had made me more sensitive to them, able to pick up on subtleties.

"I think you're going to find that the world isn't what we thought it is as you come to live here."

"Live here? Holly, we have to leave this place, our research isn't any good if we don't bring it back to the rest of mankind!"

I stopped, affixing him with the kind of flat stare I used to exhibit every minute of every day.

"David, we haven't been living. Not at all. When we were crashing to the planet's surface all I could think about was how wonderful it was that mankind had learned to exist without inhibitions like fear or anger, but you know what I've realized? We haven't been without fear at all, we've defined our entire lives by it, by our fear of war, fear of jealousy, violence, pain, all the things that once made the rest of life so sweet and wonderful by contrast. Fear of those things has come to define us more than anything active that we do. It has to stop."

David stared at me a long, long time before speaking, seeming to truly mull my words over.

"Listen to yourself. Do you want war? Do you want chaos? We can't embrace vice, no matter how tempting."

"You see, that's a false choice, David. The Salinthian people, the Arosians, have been living here for millennia, they enjoy all the benefits of our technology, longer life spans, nourishment, freedom from disease, yet they also get to enjoy the scintillating highs of pleasure, joy, and arousal... feelings so powerful and wonderful they basically base their whole existence around them. We don't have pick 'emotion and war versus reason and coldness' we can just have the good parts of both. Maybe it took cooler heads to round out technology and get us to this point, and we should respect that, but that doesn't mean we have to stay static forever."

"Holly, I..."

"You've just spent two weeks in Stasis, David. If you choose to stay that way the rest of your life you'll be free of pain and emotion and you'll live a very very long time. Would you like that? Shall we go back to the ship and let you hibernate for decades and decades?"

"No," he said, "of course not."

"Exactly. Humankind as a whole shouldn't do that either." I set down some of the ship's other camping supplies I'd brought, "anyway, we've come far enough for one day. Let's get some sleep, and David?"

"Yes?" he asked, seeming relieved that he could rest his atrophied muscles.

"Give life in the Arosian village a week. Just one week. I promise you'll feel differently than you do now."

"That's what I'm afraid of." he said.

"I was afraid too. But we both have to stop living in fear. Goodnight, David."

________________________________________

I was woken up the next morning by a startled shout, I ran to where David stood in front of a tree.

"What's happening to me!?" He asked, back to me.

"What's wrong?" I asked, playing dumb.

"I... I got up this morning to urinate and my penis is... uh."

He clumsily crammed his junk away, but when he turned around the bulge of it was clearly visible in his single-suit, which had been designed for the small dicks of ordinary human men, though still downright pathetic in size for the average Arosian man.

"My penis seems swollen, and, uh... my leg is."

"Better?" I asked, smiling.

He flexed it experimentally, "Yes, I walked over here on it before I remembered that I shouldn't be able to do that. Holly, I need medical attention!"

"Wrong. You're getting medical attention from the planet, it's making you healthier."

"What?" He took a piece of the fruit I offered for breakfast.

"I need to finish explaining what I was telling you yesterday. Walk while I talk, come on."

I was dying to get him back to the village, he had to see it to believe or understand it, and all the explanation in the world wouldn't replace that.

He munched and listened while I launched back into what I'd figured out.

"So where we left off yesterday, we're in a fragile tiny ecosystem, right? Plants producing meager amounts of oxygen and food, Arosians reproducing as fast as they can, just to keep ahead of the extinction curve and doing what they can to cultivate at least some plants to be there for the next generation. Then we hit a mutation.

"Myudagion?" David's full mouth asked.

"Yes, one of those genetic flips, those billion-to-one lottery odds that can shape the whole course of a species. One of the plants learns to metabolize excess fuck fluids?"

David almost spit his food out at the harshness of my language, "FUCK FLUID?!"

"Yup. Sperm. Vaginal lubrication. That kind of thing."

"Uh..."

"So our mutated plant has the machinery to break that stuff down for its own fuel. Suddenly it isn't dependent on light or oxygen to keep itself going, it just needs small amounts of protein in the style of a carnivorous plant, but absorbed through non carnivorous means."

"But how does that--"

"Co-evolution. In probably hundreds or even thousands of generations the Arosians and the plants feed each other. The humans who overproduce the most fuck fluid get more plants and are better at surviving than those who don't, so the ones who overproduce make it to the next generation and so on and so on. In turn, the plants that mutate in ways that are beneficial to the humans thrive as well, the two populations boosting each other until they reach an unhealthy peak and other things have to change."
