 A smaller story this time, focused on transformation. Hope you enjoy!

* * *

The forest was closing in around Nick and his two co-workers. Paul to his left, Jason to his right. Both men carried axes with brand new handles attached to notched, scratched heads. Jason's hand held a torch which he swung back and forth, warding off the shadows that assaulted them in their quest. The plaid and suspenders outfits the men wore did nothing to camouflage from any predators who may have been lying it wait. But their quarry wasn't a rogue wolf or a bear. No, it was far more terrifying.

Nick was the smallest of the three, and the newest to the area. He'd never been on an alraune hunt. Sweat clung to the wood of the torch as he scanned for threats.

"How do we know which one is her?" Nick asked.

Jason, the burly sentinel, grunted his reply. Paul filled in the rest as he always did for his taciturn friend. "We'll know. Just be ready, and any woman you see out here? Don't trust 'em".

"I never do," Nick added with a grin. Jason shook his head, either in contempt or in disbelief. Maybe both.

"Yoo Hoo~"

A voice! It sounded female, but Paul had warned him about believing any girl's lies. He kept his eyes peeled behind him, using the torch to inspect each clutch of shadows that nipped at their heels. Petrified by the possibility of attack, he didn't notice the steps of his friends receding into the distance. 

Nick spotted a pair of glowing pink eyes just above him. He spun around to warn Jason and Paul, but neither could be seen. Before he could throw his torch, an iron grip seized his torch arm!

"Aaah!" he screamed, the force causing him to release the burning wood. He saw in the falling flames the culprit: a long, bulbous tentacle. Like a vine had been given a malevolent intent. This must be the actions of that damned plant woman! The lumberjack fought against it, doing his best to drag his heels. But the tendril drew him deeper into a thicket.

A dozen tentacles reached out and slapped onto his skin. They wrestled apart his shirt, suspenders, and pants. Fabric bulged, distended, then tore. While he fought these assaults, another set snatched him off the ground. He pulled at the vines with all his might, even snapping a few. But as one withered and died, two more would take its place. His struggles turned to wriggling by the time the plant considered him contained enough to warrant a personal inspection.

The eyes turned into the silhouette of a young woman. Her features were human-like, but there were subtle differences. Leaves where her hair would be. A collection of flowers concealed her body in the mere suggestion of clothing. And her skin, blemish free as it was, would not be mistaken for anything but green. She was cute, but Nick knew she was some kind of appendage of a much larger, much more malevolent entity.

"And what has entered my forest tonight? Not a hungry animal, no. They'd be too smart for this by far. You have the scent of Man upon you." Her pert little nose turned up as if his stench offended her. Whether it was her demeanour, or the gentle stimulation of a dozen clinging tentacles to his body, Nike may never knew. The one thing he knew of was the growing urgency in the front of his underwear. Without pants to conceal it at least partially, his boner was available for inspection.

As his eyes adjusted to the lack of light, he noticed for the first time that the floral femme was grinning at him! The nerve! He fought against the wrapping vines, but only stimulated him further.

His erection must have contacted one of the green appendages because she bent over with a fit of devious mirth. "Ohohoh! Someone is getting a little caught up in the act, I see! You'll be a perfect specimen to try out a new recipe I made! But first, let's get you nice and pliable."

A larger tentacle descended from the unseen canopy above. It's large bud-like head opened up to reveal a flower. Only the centre disk didn't have the typical array of smaller petals. There was just one long, thick, wriggling organ. Besides the almost foot-long length, was some kind of twisted facsimile of a human tongue!

He jerked his head away, but the tongue reached out and licked at his face no matter what direction he fled into. His body was trapped. The tongue worked its way past his resistance until it wriggled past his lips. He tried to bite down hard, but the muscular tentacle just flexed outwards, nearly breaking Nick's jaw. He kept his teeth back, allowing the green, prehensile object infiltrate his mouth and toy with his tongue. But there was more to saliva to that imposter! There was a viscous and sweet fluid that dripped off and into Nick's mouth. His jaw instantly relaxed, and all the pain and ache over holding his mouth open wide disappeared too. There was no more control: the lumberjack couldn't stop his body from obeying and being an obedient meathole for the fiendish flower.

Then the second flower revealed itself. It opened from one of the tentacles binding him. He watched in his peripheral vision as it wound around his body like a snake until reaching his waist. There, sliding past the seam of his boxers, was a green translucent tube. Nick's state of mind had been so warped by complacency and pleasure he accepted what happened next.

It latched onto the tip of his cock with a wet slorp. The warm, welcoming tentacle massaged his shaft with a thousand tiny cilia. It felt so good! His whole body relaxed into the orchestra of pleasure, which was what the plant was waiting for. A third, unseen tentacle pressed at his ass. Nick let out a wet, muffled squeal. Thankfully, it was slathered in more fluids, as its penetration into his virgin rear end was rough and insistent. The tendrils sawed him back and forth. One suckled his fat cock while the other poured more corrupting syrup into his body.

The first change he noticed was his hair, oddly enough. He'd been trying to think of the right words to say to be let go when his blond hair suddenly came down to his nostrils. How did he let his hair go on so long? But it wasn't his hair. The locks that spilled down his face and back were dyed, or just grew naturally as, an otherworldly purple colour. As his hand drifted around his head to examine his new pretty hair, he felt that his face had lost its chisel and its chin. Now it was all soft, adorable features! This confused, but aroused him. Was he becoming a girl?

The plant's machinations did not spare the rest of his body. He could feel the expansion of part of his body and the shrinking of others. His hips and ass bowed outward while his waist and shoulders shrunk in proportion. Two mounds pushed out from his chest. His nipples became hard, thick little eraser heads that sent little jolts of sensation whenever a stray tentacle brushed against them. He had breasts?! He wanted to be outraged, but the syrup had made his mind all foggy. Having a pair of tits on his body just felt...right? 

He was hot. He was changing, and it felt so good! His pathetic moans grew in pitch and volume as he was dragged towards a climax. His ass totally relaxed, allowing the tentacular intruder full access to his boyhole. Just a tickle of his prostate made Nick's cock explode, shooting thick seed into the suckling tube. The tentacles were better than sex, better than a blowjob from his one true love, better than anything he'd felt in his life! It was like his cock was melting into the appendage. The more his mind focused on the sensation, the more he convinced himself that was what was happening. 

But it didn't hurt. On the contrary, it was glorious! He thrust into the tendril, milking out more of his cum and, incidentally, his cock. He made passionate love to the robber of his masculinity, all while drooling over the tongued pod latched to his mouth. Every weak thrust stole another fraction of an inch. Soon his ejaculations turned with weak sputtering, then finally just general moisture clinging to the area between his legs.

"Now let's not leave you waiting~" the plant said with an innocent voice. The sucker popped off his pubic bone, revealing that his cock was gone without a trace. A freshly shaved mound resided there now. As he looked to see what was going on, his eyes caught the beginnings of phosphorescence from a pair of petals between his thighs.

He had a pussy! Not just any pussy. It was...glowing? A pink, dewy hole now grabbed his attention as a tentacle brushed against it. He...she, Nick supposed now, moaned in helpless arousal. It was like all the nerves of his cock had been redistributed into her new organ and touching any part of it made her toes curl.

The syrup had another effect: rendering his mind totally vulnerable to suggestion. Even as he marvelled at the transformations, Nick heard the whispers in her ears. She didn't even try to shut them out. Each word knocked out her own thoughts and replaced them with better ones. She knew the name of her lover now. It wasn't Maria, from back at the village. It wasn't anyone human. It was Tulip.

Tulip. She was perfect. She was the perfect woman for Nick, and she was so lucky that she'd found her in this forest! Tulip must be protected from anyone, she realized. Even Jason and Paul. The physical changes took an aggressive turn towards making Nick better able to defend his lover. New ways of seeing, new kinds of hearing, and an enhanced olfactory system that made even a hint of human sweat stand out for hundreds of feet. Her muscles, now hidden under soft flesh, became densely packed. She still looked like Tulip's ideal of femininity, but she could pack all the wallop of when she'd been a lumberjack.

The last thought she had while impaled by the tentacles was that her name didn't make sense, now that she was a woman. The green vines let her go, and the creature that had been Nick dropped on all fours to the forest floor. She saw two shapes cloaked in the dark. But it wasn't dark, Nick just wasn't using the right eyes. Flicking through the spectrum of light, Nick saw them plain in infrared. 

"W-what the fuck?" Jason asked, simultaneously stammering and saying more words than Nick had heard the big man say in their entire life.

Paul was shocked as well, but not enough to act. "Don't worry Nick. I'll cut you free!" He raised up his axe to hack at the surrounding plants.

Nick didn't sound right. A part of his conditioning had been preparing him for his new life. What was the name, again?

"Jill!"

A clap of thunder rang in Jill's head as it all came back. Who she was. What she was doing in the forest. And who was both her Mistress and her lover. Jill was her name. How had she forgotten? 

The voice rang out again, clearer and whose words spread across Jill's mind like a spilled inkwell. "Protect me, my pet!"

She leapt to her feet, eyes like pointed daggers as Paul approached. The man apparently felt the tension, and attempted to relieve it by holding his hands, including his axe, out in a forestalling gesture.

"Just calm down, Nick. The plant's done something to you. Just let me help."

A thready voice whispered through the haze that Jill should listen. That this was all some kind of terrible hijacking, and that Paul could be trusted. But that had to be a trick. No matter what fancy words this asshole might say, he wouldn't be getting anywhere near her Tulip. 

With grace that Nick had never had, Jill's hand shot through space, claimed hold of Paul's axe, and yanked it hard. The sudden action surprised the tall man long enough for Jill to fully grasp it with both hands. Her face filled with a bloodcurdling fury, tempered only by clear savage glee.

Jason moved in from of Paul, barrel-chest blocking the path or any axe swing. Jill instead pounded the butt-end of the weapon into Jason's forehead. The mammalian monster thumped to the ground in a heap of meaty limbs. Even the mightiest warrior can get knocked the fuck out if you know where to aim.

Paul, sensing imminent defeat, ran over to Jason's dazed form. He dragged the brute as best he could, straining every fibre he had left to get Jason away from any more hazards. Jill still seethed, her anger boiling over into a barely restrained rage. Nobody DARE touch her girlfriend! The programming went deep, and could refresh itself with every dose of transformative syrup.

The steps of the humans retreated, and Jill could calm herself. That had been close! She let the axe drop to the ground, snuffing out the embers of the torch that Nick had dropped with her boot.

"My hero!"

Jill shook from the compliment. Femcum drizzled down her naked thighs, squirting from the glowing slit between her legs. Her pheromone-assisted programming made praise from her new lover the most erotic thing she could feel. Well, almost the most erotic thing. The former lumberjack stumbled towards the source of Tulip's voice. She could see her clearly, even in the dark. She could even smell the pheromonal trails that emitted from the plantgirl's various pollen sacs. Tulip was Jill's entire world now. Tentacles pushed up into her pussy and ass as she walked, making motion difficult. They belonged there, Jill decided, and did her best to relax against their invasion.

She wrapped her arms around Tulip, who reciprocated with gusto. Despite how enthralled she was, there was a tiny fragment of realization that she'd become a puppet for the plantgirl. That revelation soon fluttered away, propelled by the third tentacle entering her mouth. It looked like the pod that had originally changed her face, but in the centre sat an average sized green cock. And not just any cock. From the blemishes and the shape of the head, it could only be a plant version of her own...when she had been a man.

Jill's perfect plump lips latched on to the head and was immediately rewarded with a spurt of sweet, golden syrup. Who even needed a dick on their body anyway? Hard cocks were so much better when they were inside her needy holes.

Tulip's fingers ran through Jill's lengthened purple hair. "You know, I still have plenty more sweet nectar for you to guzzle. Let's see how big we can make your tits before you lose combat effectiveness, huh?"

Jill grinned like an idiot around the dick in her mouth, barely noticing the shots of hot fluid splashing inside her, or even the expanding flesh on her chest. All that matters was the press of lips against hers, and the touch of her True Love.