 The Lure of Power Chapter 1: Ascent

The icy rain swept the ferry roughly. The night air and the gnarled rope bit harshly into the tall young man's fingers as he pulled the flat bottom boat ever further towards their destination. After several hours, the shoreline gradually came into view through the heavy fog. 

As the ferry ran aground, he helped the young woman he escorted to debark. Stepping back in, he retrieved their packs, and his broadsword and shield. The rain heavily soaked his corn colored hair, making it almost the color of the mud in which they trod. He squinted his gold flecked eyes, in hopes of making out the tower that was their destination. "There," he pointed into the night!

"Not much farther now, Elise," he bellowed against the driving wind. "Are you sure, Collin? I can't see a thing," she cried. "Have I ever steered you wrong, sister dear," he retorted with a smug grin. She rapped his shoulder smartly, and moved on.

The tower seemed ancient, almost decrepit. Surely, no one could live here any longer, Collin thought to himself. He was eager to drop his baby sister off, and find a warm bed and a hot wench. Suddenly, the doors of the tower swung open of their own accord. Magic! God's curse it why did Elise want to be a sorceress anyway. Against his better judgement, he led her inside.

They quickly doffed their wet cloaks, and were surprised at the warmth of the tower. Torches flared to life around them, eerily illuminating the gargoyle and demon busts that lined the room. Elise twisted some of the water from her long, honey-brown hair. Her eyes glittered the same gold as her brothers. At 5'11", her legs seemed to go on forever. Wasp-waisted, and gloriously tanned, she was all the sorcerer had expected.

"Good day to you sir," he called from the balcony. "Did you have much trouble in your journey?" Startled, Collins' hand flew to his sword. He looked up to see a man of small stature. Distinguished, but not old, the man's fire red hair and matching goatee seemed ill matched to his bright purple robes. Relaxing some, Collin responded, "Not much, sir. We met some bandits outside of Kolar, but they were no match for my skills. I assume you are Bardiche?"

"I am he," the sorcerer replied. "I am sure you are as fine a warrior as your father was, before his retirement." All of Bardiche's words were directed at Collin, but the sorcerer's eyes never strayed from his sister. He seemed to drink her in like a fine wine, "Well, young warrior, my servant will escort you to your chambers that you may sup and rest. I must speak with my new apprentice."

A servant boy entered from the same door as the siblings and led Collin to his chambers. Though the boy was dry as a bone, the young warrior held his tongue. Magic! "Take care sister dear, until the morrow."

The sorcerer waited until Collin was long out of earshot, never taking his eyes off the beautiful young woman before him. She flushed under the intense scrutiny. "You would be Elise," he said with a toothy grin that told her the sorcerer was experienced enough to have become more than human. She nodded hesitantly. "And how old would you be," he asked? "This will be my 23rd summer, two less than my brother," she replied. 

Making his way downstairs, he continued to ask the expected questions, "Why do you want to become a sorcerer?" "My mother always told me I had the talent. I have dabbled with simple circles since my 12th summer, and she and my father decided it was time for me to be a real sorcerer," she said. "Ahh, but you still evade my question, 'Why do YOU want to become a sorcerer'! Answer true."

"I want to master what I have begun, sir. I want to craft circles to protect circles to destroy, spells to harm, and spells to heal. But most of all, I want to summon the great beasts of lore, and learn from their power and experience."

"Honesty, a rare quality. Never has an apprentice of mine answered me true, not even your mother. You have the drive the skill, and the means. But I wonder do you have the will. How far will you go, to what lengths will you reach," Bardiche asked. At this Elise flushed even further, her mother had told her what to expect and what to fear. 

She felt the sorcerer's hot breath on her neck. God's, when did he get so close. "To what length's will you go," he whispered into her ear. She steeled herself for what was to come. With a deep breath she whispered, "I would go to any lengths...my master." Bardiche's grin deepened, "Servants, prepare the summoning chamber. " He whirled on his heel and began to ascend the stairs, uttering a single word as he went, "Follow!" 

The climb seemed to last an eternity. Elise was placed in the outer room of the summoning chamber as Bardiche and several of his servants prepared. The air was acrid with incense and hundreds of candles burned. Two female attendants helped her out of her traveling clothes. They bathed her, treated her with scented oils, and dressed her hair. Afterward, they placed her in a simple white gown, painted her eyes with heavy lines of kohl, and rouged her cheeks. So anointed, she was led to the summoning chamber, where her master had already begun his spell.

She recognized many of the words and inflections Bardiche used, but was unfamiliar with still more. Her eyes wandered to the summoning circle. It was an intricate affair with many sub-circles and symbols of power she had never glimpsed. She could feel the magic in the room reach its nexus the spell was nearly complete.

Air rushed into the rooms suddenly and extinguished all the candles. "Come forth," she heard the sorcerer cry. Silence. She began to wonder if perhaps the spell had failed. Without warning, wind began to fill the chamber, and all was bathed in a warm red glow. She squinted her eyes against the glow, and saw something crouched within the circle.

It rose then, an impressive nine feet tall. It's red skin rippled with muscles, and huge taloned hands flexed to the same tempo as it's membraned wings. It's barbed tail swished menacingly from side to side. A pit fiend, she realized. It stepped forward, it's huge member already engorged, and Elise felt as if all the warmth in the room had just been drawn into her secret place.

Bardiche spoke then, "Greetings, Lord of Fiends. We welcome you to this place, our home, and thank you for your coming. In the time-honored tradition of the land of Kovar, we have summoned you here to assist in the initiation of this apprentice sorcerer. She has been touched by no man, and she is willing and wanton my lord. What say ye?" 

With a deep booming voice it said, "I shall have this bitch, but only if she is truly willing. What say ye?" Elise shook, but not from fear. Her center was warm and wet. Although she could not fathom why, she fell to her knees before him. She wanted him desperately. Wanted this vile thing to make her a woman. "Please, my Lord, take me," she said without a second thought.

"Get her ready, sorcerer," the demon bellowed. His member stood tall, nearly two feet, and he thrust it towards her. She felt Bardiche move the folds of her gown aside. His breath was warm on her sex. He began to gently lap at her there. The demons' turgid shaft touched her lips, and she saw a drop of glistening fluid form on the tip. She gingerly reached out her tongue.

She marveled at the taste, salty and warm. She licked the whole length and began to massage his pouch. "Yesss," the demon moaned. She moved to the tip, and tried to take it in her mouth. Elise moaned herself as Bardiche began to nibble on her button. 

Suddenly, the pit fiend grabbed her hair and thrust forward with a growl, burying nearly a quarter of his thick rod in her beautiful mouth. After a few moments of his thrusting, she felt him beginning to twitch in her mouth. With a savage roar the demon thrust forward one more time, his member seeming, impossibly, to expand even more. Then she felt the salty fluid rush into her mouth.

Elise tried to swallow it all, but it came out in buckets. It ran down her chin and chest. She pulled away, gagging, and it sprayed her face and chest. Then her world turned upside down, as Bardiche's ministrations produced unexpected results. She felt like she had burst and that her own fluids now gushed from her sex. She screamed out, "Oh, Gods' yes," and began to trash as the demon continued to douse her with his tool.

After a few minutes, she felt the last of her climax beginning to subside. She panted heavily, and moved to rise, thinking her initiation complete. She turned weakly, and felt clawed hands grab her hips. "It's time, bitch," the demon bellowed darkly as he tore her gown aside. Elise screamed, as with one mighty thrust, the pit fiend buried his weapon to the hilt in her womanhood.

She felt pain unlike anything she had ever felt. She smelled blood, hers. She began to wonder what she had done wrong. She was wracked by sobs as the demon slowly began to stroke in and out of her sex.

Soon, pain gave way to pleasure, as the demon increased his tempo. He leaned back, until he lay prone, with her back to his chest. He continued to thrust as his hands groped her breasts. He found her dark areolas and button hard nipples, and began to pinch and twist. His tail crept up between her thighs, and he began to roughly rub her button with its barbed head. 

Elise cried out and began to buck hard, begging the demon for more. He responded in kind, trusting so hard and fast, he threatened to break the frail human. She began to thrash and moan, as she felt his weapon begin to expand. Elise screamed again, and the demon unleashed a deafening roar as he pumped his seed deep within her womanhood.

They lay the spent, for quite some time. Bardiche left to call for wine and food. Elise turned to the pit fiend and kissed him deeply. He returned the kiss, hard enough to draw blood, and she moaned "I thank you for initiating me my lord. I should wish to know the name of the one who took me for the first time." Bagram," the demon replied as he stepped back through the portal. 

She repeated the name several times. She heard the steady footfalls heralding her masters' return. With a savage grin, Elise licked the last of the demon's seed from her face and fingers.