 Mikhael was an orphan. His parents killed when he was just 2 by bandits. He grew up on the streets or Redwood, a medium sized but busy market town. Mikhael had dark brown hair and blue eyes with a green hue. He was a small boy when he was young but had grown into a tall man of 6"3 and had an impressive, imposing physique. He had grown up with his friend Shay. Shay was blonde, had blue eyes and was a fairly tall girl. Now a young woman with a petite yet curvaceous frame. Shay's mother Freya often took pity on Mikhael, he would eat from their table and get warmth from the fire. Shay's Father Rodrey was a battle hardened man and no town blacksmith. He took Mikhael on as his apprentice when he was just 8 years old. Freya was a woman of 45 and stood at 5"4, she looked like a slightly older version of Shay. Blonde, Blue eyes but a more curvaceous frame and larger bust the face of a much younger woman. Mikhael now a man of 25 was somewhat of a hero in town, he fought bandits with hatred and protected the townsfolk with some of the guards from most perils be it bandits (Whom he loathed), and creatures alike. Shay also 25 was betrothed to be wed to the town bard Ogmund. Mikhael was too busy travelling the land seeking materials for Rodrey to focus on Maidens.

Rodrey was 50, he was having a secret affair with a barmaid named Helga. She was 32 and had no shame. Mikhael knew of this and it burned him inside to know Rodrey was causing Freya pain. Freya was the only mother figure he had known, Though he did not see her as a replacement. 

One day Mikhael had returned to Redwood after collecting material he would sell to Rodrey. He returned to his own small house to wash before He stopped at their house hoping to catch up with Shay. He Knocked

Freya answered.

"Hello Mikhael. You've been gone almost 5 days, we had grown worried." Said Freya with what appeared to be relief.

"Ahh you need not worry. I am more than a match for the wilds. Is Shay home?" Mikhael inquired.

"I know you are Mikhael but worry cannot be helped. I'm afraid Shay is out walking with Ogmund." said Freya

"Oh ok" Replied Mikhael, slightly disappointed. "I have these materials for Rodrey may i leave them here?" Asked Mikhael politely.

"Of course! Please come in and i'll fix you something warm to eat." Freya said as she moved to allow him entry.

"Many thanks" Said Mikhael and he walked into the open living area.

He placed the items down by the door before sitting at the table. Freya looked at him and turned awkwardly into the Kitchen.

Mikhael noticed her cheeks had tear tracks on them. "Is everything ok Freya?" Mikhael asked.

"Yes..yes. I...i'm fine! Freya replied quickly

Mikhael knew this to be false. "Please share what burdens you?" He said softly as he stood up and walked over to her.

Freya stopped chopping vegetables and turned to face him, fresh tears in her eyes.

"I know of my husbands infidelity with that harlot at the Inn. I have known for years and remained silent, but it's all becoming too much."

Mikhael looked at her with guilt.

"I'm sorry i did not tell you. I felt it was not my place and now know that to be a cowards mind." He could not look her in the eye.

Freya placed her hand on his cheek, it was warm. "You are no coward and should bear no guilt Mikhael. My husband is the only coward" She couldn't help it. She buried her face into the young mans chest as the tears overtook her. 

"Am i so old and repulsive that my husband seeks a younger woman?" She asked rhetorically. She did not expect Mikhael's response.

"Only fools mistake youth for beauty!" He said sternly. "You are a fine woman, Much fair and have more beauty than most woman in this town!" He was slightly embarrassed as these words he had said to a woman who had cared for him like a mother.

Freya looked up at his face. His strong arms wrapped gently around her felt wonderful. A feeling she had not had in a while. She looked up at his young face which had a red hue in his cheeks as he appeared to be blushing. She noticed how piercing his eyes were. They look they had she could not place.

"If only must husband felt that way. I stayed quiet for Shay's sake."

"You husband is the biggest fool in Redwood!" Mikhael retorted. "I only hope to one day have a woman so fine in my life!" 

His cheeks grew more and more red as he spoke. He felt the warmth of her body against him. He couldn't help but enjoy her firm bust pushed against his waist. He felt a twitching in his trousers and had to force himself to break away. They shared an odd moment gazing into each others eyes. Freya had also felt that twitch in his trousers as her body was so tight to his.

Could this strong, beautiful young man have some sort of lust for her? she thought. Suddenly as he left she felt a lust of her own growing. This young man she had practically raised started to become a forbidden fantasy of her own.

This is a work in progress. I would love some feedback.