 The Lure of Power Ch. 2: Lingering 

Her hips swayed with uncanny grace, the sheer silk of her skirt barely concealing the voluptuous curve of her delicate backside. A silver chain hung loosely about her waist, but Collin was uninterested in such baubles as he followed the servant, roughly his sisters' age, up to the second floor of the tower.

"How long have you served master Bardiche," He asked the young servant? Without glancing back she replied, "since my sixteenth summer. At times he can be a very...demanding lord, but I imagine most men are such." With a wry grin, the young warrior asked, "So you've never been with another man?" In response she hastened her pace. 'Gods be praised,' he thought.

At the second floor landing she abruptly turned and unceremoniously cast open the door to the immediate left of them. "Your room, Master Collin." Her cheeks were quite flushed, he noted with a dark chuckle. To quench the fire in her eyes he added, "Just Collin will do nicely, Mistress...?" "Kaira," she replied tersely. "May I draw you a bath?" Collins grin quickly returned, "I'd like that, Mistress Kaira.

The young woman slowly lit the candles about the room. Collins' eyes followed her every step. 'What spell has this maid cast upon me,' he mused silently. The room was rather largish for his tastes, but spartanly furnished, with only a single pillowbed, a small nightstand, a cabinet, and the candelabras. It was then that the young man spied the large, sunken bath. Three people could easily frolic in that blessing, but two were all he was concerned of at this juncture.

Kaira called another servant to bring heated water. It was then that Collins' meal arrived. He thought of ignoring it and trying straight for dessert, but thought better of it. That approach had failed him one too many times. Best to get to know the young lass first.

Collin unbuckled his sword belt, and stacked it in the corner with his hoplon. He then moved to the window and opened it, to allow the night air free passage through the ancient chamber. "Will you require anything else...Collin?" He turned quickly and noticed that the servants had arrived with supper. 

"Mistress Kaira, please stay and talk with me. I must leave in the morning, and have a long and lonely journey ahead of me," the young warrior replied. Her face flushed again, "Just place the food and wine on the table and go." The servants hastily did as she commanded, and scurried away. "But why leave tomorrow? You've only just arrived!"

After a few moments reflection, Collin replied, "As I said, Elise and I were set upon by bandits just outside of Kolar. I dispatched them with little difficulty, but they stole my broadsword, Cameroon. It has been in our family for nine generations. The weapon I took from the fallen highwaymen is no substitute." 

Her eyes locked on the dark rug beneath their feet, "I am truly sorry, I meant no disrespect. I only..." Laughing boisterously, Collin fell back onto the pillowbed. "Sit, and dine with me Kaira," he chuckled, patting the pillows beside him. And so they dined and talked until the servants returned to fill the baths.

After the servants departed once more, Kaira rose, and slowly drug her foot across the carpet in a semicircle, "I should go, my master and Elise..." "Are busy with initiation," he was quick to reply. "Do you have any oil, I am sore from my travels?" 

He pulled off his boots and gauntlets, as the maid searched about the cabinet. Her pale skin and cascading black hair distracted him as he unlaced them. He removed his tunic as she turned. Her face flushed at the sight of his wiry, sun-browned chest. His broad shoulders rippled as he tossed the tunic aside. Kaira set the incense burners atop the cabinet, packed them, and set them ablaze.

When she turned again, his breeches lay in a heap beside the bath, and his loincloth. She blushed, and turned aside with a gasp, but not before getting an ample view of his manhood. With a coy glance over hey shoulder, she watched him get into the tub.

Once Collin had settled in with a satisfied groan, she knelt behind him with the oil. Pouring it liberally over his back, she took her time, saving the feel of his knotted shoulders as she slowly eased the tension from them. The young man groaned his approval at her ministrations.

When she finally felt the corded muscles of his neck and shoulders loosen up, she moved around to the other side of the pool to tend to his chest, and arms. Setting down the oil and up her skirt, she knelt at the edge of the pool and slowly eased her legs into the water. Kaira picked up the oil, and poured it over his chest. She watched the oil slowly roll down his tanned chest. It quickly pooled up in globs on the surface of the water.

Gently at first, and gradually with more force, she worked the oil into his gorgeous chest. Ever so slowly, Collins' eyes began to open. Damn. He'd nearly fallen asleep. The air was heavy with the scent of myrrh. He noticed her milky white thighs. 

Her skirt was hiked up so as not to be soaked, showing just a hint of what lay in wait. His eyes traveled slowly up her body, and came to rest on a teardrop shaped pendant on a silver rope. It lay sensuously in the beautiful valley of her breasts. Unable to contain himself any longer, Collin pulled her roughly into the water. He crushed his mouth against hers.

Kaira moaned at the force of Collins' kiss. She thought to pull away at first, but her body seemed to act of it's own accord. Her tongue slipped between his lips and explored his mouth. His followed suit and they twisted about like snakes, lost in their passion.

Collins hands roamed about her body, exploring every inch of her, finally coming to rest upon her breasts. Neither small, nor overly large, her pert globes were as perfect as the rest of her. He slipped the skirt free from them, and slowly lowered his mouth to the large, dark areolas concealed there.

Kairas' hands moved as well, searching every inch of this fine young man for what she knew to be there. She quickly found it. His manhood quickly became engorged, and she pumped it rapidly. He moaned against her breast.

His left hand slipped to the small of her back, and his right massaged her other breast, as he sucked her nipple. Soon she began to writhe and moan. "Take me, Collin, take me now," she cried out. 

Hastily, Collin cast aside her ruined skirt. He pulled her to him and kissed her once more. He looked deeply into her mercurial green eyes and smiled, placing his manhood against her jewel. She returned the smile, crying out as he rammed his weapon forward, feeling her maidenhead shatter.

The young warrior was shocked beyond words. When she said Bardiche was a demanding master, he assumed...Too late now, when his body moved of it's own accord. He pumped his organ deep into her womanly core. She cried out again, and began to writhe and buck. 

Her first climax hit her like a hammer blow, and she screamed his name. A second rode on its wake as he continued to pump her with his mighty tool. Lost in her pleasure she didn't feel is rod start to swell. Collin cried out to the Gods as his seed exploded deep within her. Kairas' jewel began to squeeze, milking every drop of fluid from his softening sword.

The two of them lay there kissing passionately, until Kaira passed into the dreamworld. Collin held her close, and decided he'd leave early in the morning, before anyone awoke. He had just taken Kairas' virtue and an angry sorcerer was a dangerous beast indeed. Good-byes could wait.