 Adrien had gone through many changes in the past couple of weeks, first he had been bitten by a vampire (which he didn't even think was possible considering he didn't believe in vampires) and then become a vampire himself as that is the way these things work apparently. Then for a short confusing 3 weeks his master had taught him the ways of the vampire, he had learned how to change into various kinds of animals, how to turn invisible, how to control the minds of the weak, how to avoid the sunlight and most importantly feed. 

His master was a extremely old vampire and his authority was made evident by his simple cruel nature. Adrien suffered a thousand deaths at the hand of his master in those few short weeks as he became accustomed to his powerful new body, but that all changed. One night Adrien had been out collecting some things for his master when he had returned only to find the headless body of his master ripped into shreds on the floor of the mansion they inhabited. He had felt a flash of pain on his trip but hadn't know what had really happened. He had learned enough in his short tutelage to know that he was free from the cruel oppression that was a master. 

Adrien started his life as a vampire free to do as he pleased, and he wasted no time in acquiring a beautiful loft above Boulder Cities main street. He turned his expensive loft into something reminiscent of a middle eastern harem with low sitting couches and plush carpets. There were wall and ceiling tapestries covering most of the available space creating a very intimate environment. Then he filled the place with the most expensive luxuries that money can buy creating a perfect little space for him to base his new life from. 

Adrien was 22 and had been handsome before he had changed, now he was stunningly beautiful and exuded a aura of mystery that was downright tantalizing. Women would go out of their way just to get a better look at his 6 foot 200 pound frame, with his slightly pale skin and strong cheek bones he was definitely a catch for any young lady. Adrien found that while most of his other bodily functions had gone dormant his "package" was still working at full throttle, and his lust for the pleasures of the flesh were stronger then ever. 

At first he would just wander around until he found a decent looking girl and use his mind powers to get her to follow him, then he would again use his powers to make her do anything he wanted. While this satisfied the basic need for him to cum it didn't really give him what he wanted. Eventually he learned that he would have to forgo his powers and go about seducing women the old fashioned way, for what was better that the catch it's self? The Chase!

Tonight Adrien was on the lookout for some fun when he spotted the perfect group of girls. They were standing near the dance floor looking around nervously just like most freshmen new to the area. Boulder City was a college town, which provided Adrien with plenty of hot slutty intoxicated women to play with. These girls looked both particularly young and beautiful, the first had red hair and pail skin with slender hips and tiny little breasts that made her look even younger then she probably was. The second had blond hair and had the kind of body a runner would have, with full tits and a butt that made Adrian's cock harden slightly in his pants. The last one could have been the blonds younger sister, she had the same athletic body and perky tits as well as similar facial structure. 

Adrien had to have them, in that instant he made up his mind to take these three beauties home. Casually he walked over and "accidentally" bumped into one of them, "Oh so sorry, I didn't mean to bump into you like that." Adrien said putting on his most welcoming smile. At first the group seemed annoyed but when he offered to buy them all drinks they brightened and accepted, giving him their various drinks of choice. They were obviously underage and anyone who would be willing to buy them drinks was cool in their book. When he returned they talked for a while and he went back to the bar to get them another round, since they were so interesting and beautiful he said. 

He learned that the two blonds were indeed sisters and had come from far away Alaska to go to school, both had been home schooled and had graduated early making one of them newly 17 and the other barely 18. The red head was the younger ones friend, she lived in Boulder City and had just started college like the other two. This was perfect, Adrien loved to corrupt young women, he just couldn't resist doing the most naughty things to these college students. After using all of the charm and wit at his disposal and buying them several drinks the night became late and it was time to decide where to go. 

Casually Adrian hinted to the fact that he had a loft not a block away from this very location. Excitedly the girls glanced at each other, everyone knew that if you owned a loft above Boulder Cities main street you had A LOT of money. He made as if to say his good bye's and then hesitated and said, "you know i don't normally do this but I've had so much fun that if you'd like to come back to my place for a while i have plenty of alcohol, we can really have some fun there." The girls considered for a second before agreeing and happily following him out the door and down the block to his loft. 

When he let them in they gasped at the exotic splendor that was his world. They wandered around staring at the lavish wall hangings giggling like school children. Adrian walked over to his liquor cabinet and poured them fancy drinks, slipping a little dose of aphrodisiac in each one. When everyone had drinks the party really began, and each girl quickly consumed large amounts of alcohol. Adrian's charm and raw sexual energy coupled with the aphrodisiac had all three of the girls practically falling out of their cloths. When the conversation began to slow he brought out a deck of cards much to the delight of his three guests. Purposefully he chose to play a rather boring game and the girls quickly lost interest.

He noticed them eyeing him boldly undressing him with their eyes as their bodies responded perfectly to his advances. Looking concerned he said, "You guys don't like this game to much i can see, why don't we try a different one, any suggestions?" The older blond looked slyly at her two companions and suggested texas hold'em. Apparently the girls played poker twice a week and considered themselves quite good. Adrian raised his eyebrows and said he would love to play poker but that he would feel terrible taking all their money. He really was a card shark and had no doubt he would win at any game they played especially since he was using a rigged deck. 

After commenting on the money situation he casually began taking his shoes off, right on cue the older blonde smiled broadly and said, "We can play strip poker!" Adrian smiled as he finished taking his shoes off, young women were so easy to manipulate. The red head seemed to be almost as excited about the idea as the older sister but the young one looked down shyly with a frown. Her older sister seeing this immediately began using every tactic she could think of to get her sister to agree to play. Adrian decided to let the women do his work for him and sat back giving the poor 17 year old girl his most benevolent smile.

After a weak struggle the girl relented and the game began. This was Adrian specialty, he had loved cards since he was a little kid and his mastery of the subtler sides of the game was unbridled. The first two hands he purposefully lost resulting in the removal of his socks and shirt. His perfectly sculpted chest mesmerized the young beauties around him and he basked in their admiration. Next the red head lost and she removed her little sweater reveling her little breasts poking through a tank top. He decided to let the little sister have a couple rounds for free, and her sister was practically falling out of a ridiculously low cut t-shirt so she lost the next three hands. 

When her D cups were reveled covered only by a lacy bra Adrian's cock hardened with anticipation, but he knew that patience would pay out in the end. In a coupe more rounds the pale flat chest of the red head was completely bare, allowing Adrian a great view of her quickly hardening pink nipples. The older sister's own tities were also bare leaving her sitting there with only her skirt left, Adrian had been hard on her because he knew her to be the real slut of the group. The younger sister had lost only her shoes and socks and was nervously staring over her cards at Adrian's beautiful body. Another couple of rounds went by and finally he "lost" and was forced to take his pants off leaving only his black silk boxers.

As he sat there in only his boxers he willed his growing erection down and managed enough to hide it at least. The girls stared openly at his athletic figure with admiration and he did the same, running his eyes up and down each of them over and over again. It was almost time for the fun to really start. Another round went by and the older blonde was forced to take her skirt off, which she did without the slightest hesitation. Adrian wasn't even surprised when she wasn't wearing panties, and he could tell from the look she gave him that she was ready to get it on. He decided it was time for the younger sisters "luck" to run out and the next 3 rounds she "lost." Shyly she freed her tits from their confines and now Adrian had 3 sets of naked breasts staring back at him, it was becoming difficult for him to keep his erection down! 

Another 2 rounds came and went and still the poor young girl continued to loose. When it came down to her panties it looked like she wouldn't do it but her drunken sister practically pulled them down herself and the girl finished the job only to cross her legs and cover her breasts with her hand self-consciously. This only made Adrian want to fuck the girl more but still he held back. Now it was time for him to loose his last item of clothing and as he lost the next hand he stood and dropped the boxers to the floor causing his semi hard erection to pop out. The girls started at his penis running their eyes hungrily over every inch of his circumcised rod. He stood there for a minuet showing off his cock before sitting back down and casually continuing with the game.

The red head still had her shorts on while the other two were completely naked but Adrian wanted to keep the illusion of random chance up so he had the next two rounds go to the older sister. Since she had no more cloths to take off they came to a dilemma, what would they do if someone lost now that most everyone was naked now anyway. The older sister brightened and with a sly smile she conferred with her companions for a second and when the two agree she turned back to Adrian and said, "How about when ever you loose we can make you do something and when we loose you have to make us do something, like dare you know?" Adrian made a show of thinking about this for a while and then "reluctantly" agree. 

So, another round went by and this time he decided to let the girls win, just to see what they would choose. They went into the next room to decide what they would make him do and he sat back fully satisfied with how things were going so far. When they returned the red head spoke up and he learned his fate, as it turned out this was going to be a better night then could have imagined. They wanted him to kiss the younger sister, because they explained she was a virgin and had never been kissed properly before. This was great Adrian couldn't believe his luck, not only had he found a group of the hottest girls he had seen two of them were sisters and one of them was a god damn virgin. 

He smiled and said jokingly, "is that your final answer?" as he stood up and walked right over to where the young women was sitting. He paused for a second as he stood before her his still semi erect member bouncing lazily in front of her face. She watched, transfixed by the cock for a moment before quickly looking up at him shyly, he could tell that she wanted him but he was way to out of her league and she had no idea what to do. He simply bent down, gently placed his hand on the back of her head and kissed her passionately, weaving his tongue around her mouth expertly. He pressed her lips onto his for at least a minute or two and then broke away leaving his cock staring her right in the eye for a second before returning to his seat. 

He smiled at the girls, took the cards in his hands and started dealing like it was all part of the game. This round he won and he made a show of thinking long and hard about his dare, he had decided that he would take it slow because making a move to soon would definitely scare them off. He looked at the red head and said, "You know what I've been staring at those beautiful dainty little tites all night and right about now I would like to get to know them better." The red head giggled at the compliment and walked over to him positioning herself so that her tits hovered in front of his face. He gathered the little breasts up in his hands and played with them massaging and tickling. 

He pinched a nipple and she gasped as he popped one in his mouth twirling his tongue around the stiff bud. She pressed her breasts into his face and he grabbed the small of her back pulling her nearer to him. He could feel his cock hardening quickly as he played with the girls tits and for a second he thought about pulling her down on his cock and fucking the shit out of her right then but he again exercised restraint and released her leaning back he made a show of glancing at his now fully erect member and laughing. The three young ladies followed his gaze and giggled at the sight of his 9 inch cock now pulsing and thick, the two older girls openly stared but the younger girl could only glance up at it repeatedly while trying to keep her eyes down. 

This next round Adrian decided to let them win just because he was enjoying the game so much and he wanted to see what they would ask him to do. Again they discussed and returned to Adrian and his raging hard on. It appeared that the older blonde girl wanted some action, they decided that she would get to sit on his lap and he would give her a back rub. He chuckled these girls were pretty imaginative, they were young and didn't know how to break the ice but they certainly made him horny. He laughed and beckoned her over. She pranced up and turned around so that her back was to him, then she reached back and grabbed his cock with her hand and pressed it forward so that when she sat back her pussy was sitting right over his cock, he could feel her wetness as his member hardened even more and pressed into the folds of her pussy. 

Adrian sighed as her pussy came down on his cock and again he wanted to fuck the girl so bad, but he would stay in control, he still wanted to have a little fun with these little sluts. So he gave her a decent back rub as inconspicuously he would move her back and forth so that his cock would massage her lips bringing even more moisture to the area. When he finished the older sister grabbed his cock again and gave it a couple good jerks while she got off him bringing a large gob of pre cum to the tip of his head. Adrian thrust forward with his hips and smeared his pre cum all over the crack of her ass as she left, shrieking gleefully and jumped as she returned to her seat. 

Another hand was dealt and Adrian won, he thought for a while and then sat back and said, "I want each one of you to kiss my penis." The blonde was first up, she got on her knees and grabbed his throbbing dick, giving it a couple more jerks before she lowered her lips to the head and gave it a long smooch. Then she opened her mouth and engulfed his head making him involuntarily release more pre cum into her warm mouth. She twirled her tongue slowly around his head and sucked as much cum out as she could before slowly standing up giving him a wink and returning to her seat. The next girl in line was of coarse the red head and she to gave him a smooch before sending the full length of his cock down her throat expertly, she kept it there for a second and then released him slowly staring him right in the eye the whole time.

Last was the little sister, she slowly came over got on her knees before him. Adrian just watched making no move as she tentatively reached out and wrapped her fingers around the base of his cock, she leaned forward and kissed the tip of his dick, at that moment he flexed his cock and a drop of pre cum popped out right as she brought her lips down. When the cum hit her lips she pulled back and it stringed between his cock and her lips for a moment before breaking. Everyone laughed and her face turned bright red as she plopped back down her lips still shinny with cum.

Next hand Adrian won again and he looked at each girl considering his options, deciding it was time he gave the young girl some more attention he said, "Now I've had a lot of you two," he said pointing at the two older girls, "But i think i still need a little more of you!" And he beckoned the girl over, pushed her gently to her knees and stood in front of her. "I want you to suck my dick honey." He said and without letting her think about it to long he grabbed his cock and the back of her head and pressed his bulging head against her lips. For a moment he thought she would keep her mouth closed but instead she opened wide and allowed him to stuff a good couple of inches in her mouth. 

Slowly he moved her head back and forth letting her get the feel of his large member. After a while she began to get the hang of it and she actually started sucking a little on her own, he stopped moving her head and milked a couple of gobs of pre cum into her mouth before he let go and really started fucking her face. He grabbed the back of her head with both hands now and carefully but firmly thrust forward with his hips sending his cock deep into her throat. When the poor girl gagged a little he caught the eye of the other two and smiled, "Why don't you two come over here and help this poor girl out?" He suggested. 

Obediently they crowded around his cock and the younger girl quickly relinquished control to the two eager girls. Adrien tried his best to give each girl a couple of turns before he came but they were quickly bringing him to orgasm. When he finally did cum he made sure to shoot the majority of his load all over the older blondes face, he wanted to make sure she knew how much of a slut she was. After they had cleaned up his cock a little they looked at him expectantly, not really sure what to do now. His cock hadn't softened one bit and Adrian wasn't even close to through with his new fuck toys. Since the older sister seemed to be the slut of the group he playfully grabbed her hips and swung her around so that she had to bend over and steady herself on a nearby couch presenting him with a perfect angle to her love holes. 

She knew exactly what he intended and she spread her legs a bit and stuck her butt out, ready for the fucking she had been wanting so bad. Adrian took a moment to admire her tight ass cheeks and long toned legs before he grabbed his cock and rubbed it along the length of her pussy lips. She sighed and pushed back a little trying to get him inside her, but he had different ideas, after rubbing her clit with the head of his cock he moved back and almost penetrated her a couple times before he moved back a little farther and poked around her tiny ass hole. 

She tensed a little when he poked about an inch up her butt but didn't say anything and he withdrew sliding his cock back to her clit. He teased her for a little while as the two other women watched intently, especially the younger sister, she couldn't take her eyes off of his member sliding around her sister pussy. Again he poked around her pussy sliding his head up her love hole a little then taking it out, this time he pushed half his cock deep inside her pussy and she let out a gasp while pushing back she enveloped his cock in her warm embrace. Her pussy was so tight he almost came right then and there but he did his best to restrain himself as he began to pump back and forth filling up every available bit of space inside of her. 
