 John and Sandy had been dating for over a year and had been sexually involved for a majority of that time. It was always really hot sex between them, even though they were only 18 years old and had only messed with 1-2 other people besides each other. Sex lately though had become routine and it was driving them both nuts. 

Only people who have been in a relationship for a while can understand what routine sex really means. Is it bad sex?? No not at all, but at the same time it isn't the hot and heavy stuff that we, especially the teenagers, really want to be having. 

However, though they were both not completely content with their sex life it was John that decided to put a new spin on it. He wanted to take Sandy up to the old house on Halloween night. Rumor had it that it was haunted and he felt sure that it would add a whole new element to their sex if the fear of ghosts was upon them as well.

You know the typical setting of a haunted house, high up on a hill that only it presided, broken windows and things of that nature, though no one was ever really sure what had caused it to come to disrepair. John went up there the day before and carried with him a blanket, some sandwich bread and a bag of chips in case they wanted a snack. He would bring the rest of the supplies (sandwich meat and sodas) when he brought Sandy up to the house the next night. 

Anticipation over the sexual encounter that he hoped this would become had his cock hard and throbbing all through that night and Halloween day. John wasn't sure what made him so certain that it would be a Halloween to remember but he just couldn't help thinking that it was bound to be the best Halloween of his short 18 years.

When he told Sandy of his idea though the next evening, she was somewhat less than thrilled with the idea of it. First and foremost she was sure that John had lost his mind wanting to take her to the spookiest house in town on the spookiest night of the year, but secondly she just wasn't sure that was a place that they needed to be. 

However since she rarely had the ability to tell John no about anything that he wanted to do, and even slightly curious as to what it would be like to be there with him intimately while waiting for other things to happen. Well of course she couldn't resist it all for long. With a slightly hesitating nod she told him that she would be willing to go, if he would make her one promise; "If I get too scared of being there, we will leave, no matter what we are doing at the time." 

By this time with his cock throbbing all day long he was more than willing to say anything to get her up that hill and into that house. He even wondered if he would have the ability to hold out on the sex in order to make her more comfortable with being there. His over all plan was for the two of them to stay there the entire night and if he fucked her too quickly, chances are the night would be over for both of them. And he wasn't ready to take that chance.

At about 9pm, after all the trick or treating kids were on their way home and getting ready for bed, John was just heading to Sandy's house to pick her up for a Halloween party of their own. She was ready and waiting when he first knocked on the door. She looked great to him. She wasn't dressed for going to an old haunted house by any stretch of the imagination. She had on a black dress that cut off about mid thigh, black pumps, and from the image of her nipples poking though the tight fitting bodice of her dress John was almost certain she wasn't wearing a bra. He wondered for a moment if she was even wearing panties and decided that he wouldn't wait to find out the answer to that question for long.

"Hi John, I am almost ready, just need to go get my purse and then we can go. Do you still want to go to that old house though? I was thinking something more along the lines of dinner down by the lake."

John almost laughed at how she had so nicely tried to change his mind. "No, I think my idea still works the best for me. I want to be alone with you, and what better place for that then a place that no one uses?"

Sandy grudgingly admitted that he was right and they left soon after that heading for the old house. She still wasn't sure that she really wanted to be there, but had to hold back a laugh as she thought, "If it is what makes John happy and he does give me a mind blowing orgasm then it should be worth it." 

Upon actually arriving at the house though, Sandy wished there had been some way she could have talked John out of it. The house reminded her so much of those old spooky Halloween stories that began something along the lines of, "When things go bump in the night, you had better watch out." Even she had to admit that was a rather silly idea but the house was horror movie set like all the way through. She really didn't think she wanted to be stuck here all night. Especially not tonight, even though having John around usually made her feel safe. 

Each step they took up the stairs, they made a creaking and groaning sound. Sandy actually had to wonder a few times if tonight one of them would break a leg before they even got inside the house. She truly feared walking across the porch to the half open door, lest they do fall through and who knows what creepy things would be under the house.

They did survive the trek inside the house though and when Sandy saw the blankets and pillow on the floor, she couldn't help but think of how thoughtful John was. Obviously, he had already known that they could make it inside the house and at least into the living room without any problems with falling. Sandy wrapped her arms around him, admitting to herself that she shouldn't have doubted John to keep her safe.

What really surprised Sandy as she neared the blankets though was the bucket sitting over to the side of the room? Inside it was what appeared to be a bottle of something. Curiosity got the best of her and she had to walk over to find out what it was. It was a bottle of wine, that appeared opened and about half empty chilling in half melted ice. She went back to John and threw her arms around him, thanking him for the wine but stating that she wished he hadn't already sampled some of it before hand.

John denied knowledge of putting it there, much less sampling it before. Sandy realizing that he wasn't the white wine type still couldn't help but think he had something to do with it. So standing up on tip toes, she planted her mouth firmly against his and was soon trying to entice him to part his lips and allow her to come in and sample the taste of his kiss. Ever being the gentleman that he was, as well as being so horny, John quickly took her up on her offer. She slid her tongue into his mouth and began the ancient battle of tongues inside his mouth, both enjoying the taste of each other before he pushed her tongue back into her mouth so that he could go and plunder the recesses of her mouth.

As John kissed her he remembered again his theory that she wasn't wearing any panties, and he decided that now was as good a time as any to find out for sure. He began working the back of her dress up with his fingers, and when he felt the hem of her dress rise up to meet his fingers at her lower back he slid his hands down onto her bottom. He groaned into her mouth as he realized she was indeed bare bottomed and she groaned into his as he began to massage and squeeze her ass.

Back and forth their tongues parried, until both of them were panting for air and trembling with the need to take it further. They both realized that if they didn't slow down soon then the sex wouldn't be far behind, and even though Sandy wasn't sure she wanted to be in the old house, she did feel that she didn't want it to be over with so quickly. So, by mutual agreement, they decided to lay out the blanket and make a snack with the sandwiches John had brought as well as enjoy the wine that had mysteriously appeared.

They chatted over ham and cheese sandwiches and laughed at the "gourmet dinner" complete with white wine. It didn't take long for the wine to start making them a little tipsy since they were both young enough to have not really had much opportunity to drink. Though sandy was a lot more unaccustomed to it than John so she laid back on the blanket while he finished off his last drink, emptying the bottle. 

When John had finished with his drink he happened to look towards Sandy and notice that in laying down her dress had ridden up, just barely keeping her pussy hidden from his eyes and once again his hormones controlled his actions as he reached out to lift the bottom of her dress higher to give him his first look at her neatly trimmed bush.

John could see her clit peeking out between the lips of her pussy and the bush covering them, and wondering if he could tease her without losing control of his own body and fucking her hard and deep like he wanted to. He decided to try it anyway since he really had nothing to lose, either way they would both enjoy the fuck they would have. 

He began sliding his finger lightly up and down her slit, he felt the wetness from her pussy at his first pass over her slit, but wanted to keep her waiting for the better contact that would really make her cum. It didn't take long until she began thrusting her hips up against his fingers, trying to urge him into making more contact with either her swollen clit that was now well above the lips of her pussy or the hole down below it where her sweet nectar was waiting on him to enter her.

John made her wait a while longer before finally inserting one finger into her wet pussy and thrusting it in and out torturously slow, only letting his thumb lightly bump against her clit on the in thrust. Sandy thought she would go mad with the need to have his cock inside her and making her cum. She began to beg him with words to fuck her now; telling him that she needed to put something bigger inside her than his finger and would prefer it be his cock.

John knew that he couldn't tell her "no" but he also knew that he didn't want to fuck her right now either. He wanted to wait until she was thoroughly satisfied before he himself finished. It was that thought that brought an idea to his mind. He wondered what she would do or say if he used the bottle. Neither of them had ever used "sex toys" so they weren't readily available, but in order to make his cock last, use the slightly tapered neck of the wine bottle. "If nothing else he wanted to see her reaction to it" he thought smiling.

John felt sure that she was wet enough and ready enough to take the bottle inside her without discomfort but just to make sure he steadily rubbed her clit in circles as he slowly began to slide the end of the bottle inside her.

Sandy was surprised by the feel of the bottle entering her pussy, but was beyond caring what was inside her. John's fingers rubbing against her clit and the new idea of a bottle being inserted was more than she could bare and within seconds she was thrusting against the bottle, trying to force more of it into herself. John watched in amazement over her response to the bottle as she began thrusting onto it so hard that her pussy was taking in all of the neck to where it would stop slanting. He watched even that slip a little further inside as she called out that she was going to cum. He stopped thrusting the bottle into her pussy, and watched as her pussy attempted to clamp down on the bottle that he was holding.

When Sandy came down off her orgasmic peak, John watched the slow lazy smile curve her lips as he pulled the bottle from her pussy. Then, Just out of curiosity he looked down at the bottle and noticed how it was fully coated in her essence. He was about to lower his lips over the part of the bottle that had been inside her, wanting suddenly to not waste the sweetness of her nectar when a puff of smoke formed on the rim of the bottle.

The smoke started out small and grew larger by the second until it was just a big billowing cloud and both Sandy and John stared in amazement, not sure if they should run out of the house screaming or just stay still and hope to not be noticed. Shock won out as neither of them felt they could possibly move with as scared as they were. Their fear grew even more though as the cloud of smoke began to take on a more human form.

When the smoke was in human form, or at least as close as a puff of smoke can be, John and Sandy heard a loud voice coming from it. "That should be a new Genie's law; before it has always been 'rub the bottle and the genie will come'." Need to stipulate where the bottle should be rubbed because heaven knows that will definitely make the Genie cum." 

Three things happened when he was finished with his speech: Sandy turned a fiery red, John stared at the smoke wide eyed, and the genie roared with laughter. The genie was the first one to get back under control and so he was the next one to speak as well, "I have been around thousands of years, but no one has ever thought of bringing me out of the bottle in that way. I thank you and will grant you any wish you want to make. Though I must request that you not ask for anything huge, I can't turn you into billionaires or grant peace throughout the world or anything of that nature. Anything else is up for grabs though. Believe me though if I were able to get you the big stuff it would be well worth it for what you just did to me. I don't remember the last time I was buried deep inside a hot pussy. So what do you want? Tell me and I will see that you get it."

Still dumbstruck, Sandy and John wasn't real sure what they should say in reply to him. "Come on," Genie instructed, "I've been inside that bottle since the autumnal equinox 10 years ago. I need to grant a wish to someone soon or there won't be a reason for me to call myself Genie anymore. I will have to settle for Ghost if that happens. Or didn't you know that; all ghosts are genies without a job or at least some of the ghosts start out that way, and soon I will become one of those. Tonight was my last chance to make something good happen."

Sandy, although still overwhelmed by the appearance of the Genie/ghost, whatever he wanted to call himself, gained her voice first. "John, I don't want to see him give up and become a ghost. What can we wish for to prevent that from happening?"

"Well, since he is already aware of the fact that we were here for sex, why not make it something sexually related? A new toy, maybe? A vibrator that we can play with or a bed that we can fuck on that is more comfortable than the floor?"

Genie frowned, "You two need to think hard. Would you really want to waste a good wish on a vibrator or a bed?"

Sandy with a huge grin stated, "I wouldn't want to waste it. I know what I want to wish for."

"What is that?" both John and Genie asked in unison.

"Well, John has a good idea with the sex toy. I think we should step it up though. How about a virtual sex toy store being here? Any sex toy imaginable to be used at our disposal throughout the night. Let Genie decide which toys he brings to us so that he is included in our night and if genie wants to he can stay to watch. After all he did seem to enjoy being inside my pussy, maybe he will also enjoy the show?"

During her speech, John had looked at her like she was losing her mind but by the time she was finished, his cock was growing uncomfortably hard as the ideas began to form in his mind of what delights the night could now hold. He nodded his consent to Genie to make Sandy's wish come true and Genie gave a loud "Woohoo!!" before snapping his fingers and bringing the toys to life. 

John and Sandy got up to walk around and take in the sexual treasures that the Genie had brought to them. There were blindfolds, paddles, clips for nipples and the clit, handcuffs, and vibrators of all shapes and sizes, you name it and it was there for them to use. The array even included a bed over by the far wall. There were so many options available to them that Sandy wasn't sure they would be able to use them all in only a night.

John's mind was also thinking about all the things before him. Not so much that they may not be able to use them all in one night, but more along the lines of would Sandy trust him enough to let him play with her. He had never thought of so many sexual toys as what he was now looking upon and his mind was busily working out many different pleasures to be gained. Every thought that came to his mind made his cock stand up and take notice and if he had his way about it, Sandy wouldn't be the only one getting more than one orgasm tonight.

Deciding that put the ball fully in his court though, so he had to ask her first and foremost if she was willing to trust him, for a little while at least. Would she trust him enough to stop if she didn't like what was going on? The answer to that question remained to be seen but he really had to ask. "Sandy?"

"Yes?"

"I have a lot of ideas of what we can do with all this stuff, but it would mean that you have to trust me to not hurt you. Can you?"

"What do you have in mind?" Sandy asked with a worried frown upon her face.

"Well, I really don't want to say it because that would kill some of the fun of it. But I won't hurt you. I promise you that much. If at any time you want me to stop just say so."

"We have dated long enough that I trust you. I would just like to know what you have planned."

"You will see, or at least you will feel. The first thing I want to do is blindfold you."

"Are you crazy?" she asked gaping at him as if he had grown a new nose or an extra body part of some sort. 

Laughing John said that he was serious but if she didn't like it that he would stop, and Sandy hesitantly nodded that yes they could try it.

Forgetting that Genie was watching until he said "I will sit over here and if you think of anything else you need, just let me know." Sandy doubted again her sanity in letting John do this to her, but even she had to admit that the idea of not knowing what was going to happen was kind of exciting. At least her clit was thinking so as John walked up and got the blind fold and brought it back to her and began securing it around her head, turning her world black. She found it funny that as John began preparing her that her clit swelled and began to throb as if she were receiving a caress upon it and had to hold back the giggle threatening to erupt from her lips.

Once the blind fold was in place, John stepped back to admire his work and to walk around her slowly to make sure that she couldn't see anything. As he walked, he decided that the next thing to take care of was her dress, although she did look appealing in it since she didn't have on bra her nipples were peeking out begging to be touched through the thin material. He couldn't resist, he reached out and lightly pinched one nipple and then the other causing Sandy to gasp in surprise.

As he made the full circle around her he stopped at her back once again and reached for the zipper holding her dress in place. He slowly began to unzip her dress, baring each inch of her spine to himself slowly, teasing both him and her. When it was all the way lowered, he slid his hands inside her dress from the back and reached around under her arms to caress her bared breasts, tweaking each nipple lightly with his thumb and forefinger as he did so. Then he removed his hands and began sliding the shoulders down her arms.

John stepped back in front of her wanting to see as her breasts came fully into view. He wasn't disappointed. As he pulled down the front of her dress, he was able to watch as her firm tits sprang into view, wiggling slightly when the slight confines of the dress was no longer an issue for them.

He left the dress to hang upon her hips as he leaned in to lick and kiss around each nipple, making her once again to gasp as the warmth of his mouth closed over one nipple and then the other. John moved back and forth between her two hardened peaks until he felt her start to tremble, and she was moaning from need. When he stopped, Sandy groaned in frustration since she wasn't sure where he would touch next.
