 Greetings lit erotics. Loxley here. It's been a while since I've posted anything. That's because I only write when inspired. And guess what? The following story inspired me. I hope you like it as much as I've enjoyed writing it. All characters are 18 or older. 

***** 

Lester Elderberry was down on his luck. Fired 6 months ago, evicted from his apartment last month, he had been staying at the homeless shelter on the corner of 5th and Vine. His time there had run out yesterday, and only the charity of a local church his mother had belonged to had kept him off the streets. They had passed around a hat and given him $300. The pastor had made it clear there would be no more hand outs. 

He had a week at a fleabag hotel. Then it looked like the streets would be his new home. 

He shook his head as he walked back from yet another failed job interview. How had his luck fallen so low? Once a successful car salesman, he had developed a gambling problem. After his wife had left him, he'd gotten worse. Online gambling was his curse and scourge. 

He'd hit his low when he stole money from the detailing fund at the dealership. Now he found himself shuffling from one failed interview to the next, his clothes dirty, stinking of b.o. 

Not for the first time, he found himself thinking death would be better than this miserable existence. 

As he turned the corner, he almost bumped into a business man wearing a fine grey pinstripe suit. He lowered his eyes, ashamed, and mumbled an apology. 

"Lester?" said the gentleman, "Is that you?" 

Lester glanced up in shock. What the hell? 

"It's me. Tom Neely!" 

Lester gazed fuzzily. 

"From the shelter. I left a few days after you arrived." 

Lester's eyes widened suddenly as he tried to reconcile this man with the sad sack of a human shit Tom had been. 

He squinted. Yes, take away the scraggly beard, the bags under the eyes, the sheen of oil and dirt, and Tom might just be this man. Maybe. 

"What the hell, Tom?" he stuttered, "What happened to you?" 

Tom smiled fiercely. "You're never going to believe it. I was living at the homeless camp out behind the Wal Mart. You know the woods back there?" 

Lester nodded. 

"Well a week ago I was squatting there, and a strange woman set up a tent. She started to 'negotiate' with people there," Tom said with a strange grimace, "her word, not mine." 

"What the hell, Tom?" 

"Okay, okay. I'll get to the point. She invited me in, and we... made an arrangement. I'm not allowed to talk about it, but as you can see, my situation has changed somewhat." 

Lester was baffled. What the hell was this chump going on about? Yet, there was no denying the dramatic transformation. 

"I'm a stock broker now, Lester. In a few months I'll have enough to put a down payment on a house. I've been thinking about getting on one of those dating aps. Like OK Cupid?" 

But Lester wasn't listening. Was this his way out? Was this some kind of magical loophole? The more he thought about it, the more appealing it was. His desperate mind grabbed on with both hands. A way out of his death spiral. A light at the end of this miserable tunnel. 

Tom was still rambling on as Lester turned abruptly and began marching off towards the Wal Mart. 

"Hey well, guess I'll see you later then," he heard shouted behind. 

* * * * * 

He made his way rapidly to the camp. He'd heard others at the shelter talk about it. It was a wooded area with some nice flat areas, good tree cover, and pretty good drainage. The cops raided it every so often, but you could get a tent and a sleeping bag from local churches and live pretty good over all, at least for the warm months. 

As he clomped across the back parking area, he thought again about his miserable luck. At first, he had been winning nonstop. Sports betting. Vegas style slots and poker. Even Hollywood gossip bets. He was on fire! 

Then it all turned. And now his life was shit. Absolute shit. Maybe this could turn it around. He dared, for the first time in months, to feel a glimmer of hope. 

As he entered the camp, he felt something weird at once. Something about the way the men in the camp were talking and moving. It was hard to define, but noticeable. It was early spring, so there was a fire, and a dozen or so men were gathered around, passing a box of wine in a circle, drinking straight from the tap. 

There was a strange energy to their movements, a loudness to their voices. Almost a mania, thinly masked or subdued. He walked up to the circle, and was promptly offered the wine. He took a deep pull. These men had instinctively identified him as one of their own. 

Lester began to share their high energy. They were laughing loudly and telling outrageous stories. He felt his spirits lift even more. There was no question, something strange and magical was happening here! 

He was taking his fourth or fifth tug from the box when the men abruptly fell silent. He tipped the wine back down and looked around. 

An old woman was approaching from behind him. She looked like she'd walked directly from central casting. "Gypsy hag." 

She was old and wrinkled but her hair was dyed a deep flat black. She had a wart on her chin, and grey hair was sprouting from it! She was both ugly and strangely attractive all at once. Something in her dark limned eyes was mysterious and possibly dangerous. He shook his head; no, scratch that. Definitely dangerous. 

She looked directly at Lester and said, "I've been expecting you, come with me," and she turned and walked away. The men in the circle were watching him with a strange intensity. 

The woman shambled at an excruciatingly slow pace. As he walked behind her, he could hear her grunting with the effort of walking. How old was she? 

Finally they came to a largish tent made of patched canvas. Lester ducked his head to enter the gloomy interior, although the shriveled woman did not need to. 

When his eyes had finally adjusted to the gloom, he could see that she had seated herself behind an old card table. She was fumbling with a Coleman lantern, working the fuel pump with slow, deliberate movements. 

After what seemed like ages, she had the lantern lit and the mantels adjusted. She turned to him and spoke. 

"What is it you desire?" 

Lester was uncomfortable all of a sudden and he stammered, "I don't know. Some fucking luck I guess." 

Suddenly her smile widened and took on a sinister cast. "You shall have your wish, young man." She began to laugh, a low and gravelly sound. 

The laughing went on for way too long, and finally Lester dared to interrupt. 

"Say, the guy I talked to said there would be some kind of trade? Or perhaps a price?" 

Her chuckles increased in volume and she spoke around wheezing laughter. "Oh," she chortled, "you most certainly will pay." 

Something about the tone of her voice terrorized him. 

He turned to leave, suddenly deathly afraid of the frail old crone. As he left, her laughter grew and she called after him, "Your fucking luck will be amazing now, my young boy!" 

He staggered back to the fire, where the men sat waiting in rapt attention. 

One stood and spoke. "What did you wish for?" 

Still shaken from his frightful encounter he mumbled, "Luck." 

The old man nodded. "Most of us did. But what I meant to say is what exactly did you wish for? What were your exact words?" 

This strange request was enough to focus Lester's mind. "I said... some fucking luck. And... she repeated that exact phrase back to me." 

The old man nodded. "That's the way it goes. The words matter. Who knows how your payment will go?" The men around the circle muttered among themselves excitedly. 

It slowly dawned on him that he was talking about some kind of curse. He felt the terror returning with fresh intensity. 

The men around the fire nodded, their strangely animated faces alight. They were enjoying the spectacle of a new curse! 

Lester turned and ran from the camp, the laughter of the hobos following him into the night. 

* * * * * 

Once he got back to the shitty hotel, he sat and thought. He had another interview in the morning. He disrobed, showered, and was brushing his teeth when a knock came at the door. Still wearing his towel, he opened the door with the chain in place. 

A beautiful young woman was standing outside. "Hi," she said. "Open the door, it's cold out here." 

He looked down and saw that she was wearing a skin tight dress that ended just below her crotch. Her legs were long and shapely, the curve of her ass just visible from his angle. 

Snapping out of it, he closed the door, removed the chain and opened the door. Perhaps this lovely young woman needed help. 

She stepped confidently forward, pushed him gently on the chest and walked past him. She tossed her clutch on a chair and turned, giving the room a once-over. "Hmmm, not what I expected, but whatever. Come here." 

As if in a dream, Lester stepped forward. She was standing at the foot of the bed and soon he was standing in front of her. What a beauty! Five foot four or so, long silky caramel hair washing over her slender shoulders. Nice medium sized tits, no bra. Perky nipples pushing against the sheer silk of her dress. 

What the hell is going on here? 

He started to ask, but she gently laid her finger on his lips. He shut up. 

With a twinkle in her eye, she dropped to her knees in front of him. She began to unbuckle his belt. 

What the fuck??? 

She then unbuttoned and zipped down his trousers. He gasped as she fished out his cock. She was actually going to do it! 

He was recovering from his shock and beginning to harden as she tugged at his cock with her tiny hands. It looked like this was happening. An honest to god exotic beauty was fondling his cock. A perfect stranger to boot! 

Just as he thought this, she leaned forward and took his throbbing dick head into her mouth. He moaned aloud as her hot wet little mouth encircled his cockhead. He was quickly becoming engorged, looking down at her angelic face as she gobbled his dick. 

Then she reached forward and tugged at his balls as she took more and more of his cock into her greedy mouth. Lester was plain and nerdy, but the thing that only two women had experienced was his mammoth cock. Nine inches when fully hard, he had never been able to get it fully inside a woman. Not that he'd ever had much opportunity to try. 

As he swelled to his full length, the young woman paused. She held it by the base and just gazed at its throbbing magnificence. "Wow," was all she said. 

She seemed to take his size as a challenge, forcing more and more of his angry meat down her throat. He felt the hot tightness as his cock head pushed into the constricted depths of her esophagus. 

Soon her chin was resting against his balls. He couldn't believe it! He could feel her working her throat muscles and it felt like a tight pulsing vagina around his taut shaft. 

Then she started to deep throat him in long slick strokes. Each time she forced her face down on his cock she made cute little gagging sounds. It felt like two mouths sucking him because he could feel both the hot sloppy suction of her lips, and the tight wet tunnel of her throat. 

He couldn't believe it. She was a ten, a perfect ten! And she was slobbering all over his schlong like there was no tomorrow. Such a dirty girl to march in and suck the dick of a perfect stranger! It felt so fucking good! 

Soon he could feel an orgasm rising. It began as a hot tingling all over his body, but he could feel it tightening towards his balls as she continued to slide his cock repeatedly down her throat. Soon he felt dizzy with the mounting pleasure and his cock swelled even larger in her tight little whore throat. 

"Uhhhnnn, miss, I'm gonna cum," he moaned. 

This only seemed to goad her on more. She began to massage his aching balls and increase the suction. He could feel himself about to fall off a high cliff of ecstasy. 

Suddenly it happened. He couldn't take any more. Without even thinking, he grabbed the back of the sexy woman's head and skewered her throat with his fuck pole. With her lips pressed against the base of his cock, he let loose a torrent of hot sperm directly down her throat. 

By this time she was struggling to pull her head back, but Lester was lost. He held her unwilling head firmly in place as he shot pulse after pulse of semen directly into her stomach. He could feel the shaft of his huge cock swelling even further as the hot baby juice flowed through it and into her body. 

It felt like he came a quart of sperm into her struggling mouth. How long did he come? It seemed like forever. He was lost in a fog of pleasure, his cock spasming like a firehose directly into this stranger's tummy. 

Soon her struggles increased as her need for oxygen became more acute. Finally his orgasm ebbed and he released her head. She jerked back and stood up enraged. 

"You fucker!" she shouted. She tried to spit out his cum, but it was already in her stomach. She was able to spit out the last remnants that had leaked from his cockhead as she'd unplugged it from her fuck mouth. "You know it's in the contract you bastard! No cumming in my mouth." 

She was absolutely livid. "Jesus Christ! You did more than cum in my mouth! You shot your load down my throat." She gagged a little as she said this, stood up and ran to the door. She was clearly upset as she opened the door. 

She looked at the outside of the door and gave a little shriek. "Fuck me! This is room 69, not room 96." She looked at Lester accusingly. "Why didn't you say anything you geek bastard?" 

Lester just stood there in shock, his glistening cock dribbling the last of his monumental load onto the carpet. "I tried, but..." 

She slammed the door and was gone. 

What the fuck just happened? 

He had just had the best orgasm in his life, with the best looking woman he had ever met face to face was what happened. 

He thought it over as he tucked his fully satisfied cock back into his pants. She must have been contracted to give a blow job to someone in room 96, and she had somehow mixed up the numbers. What amazing... 

Luck. 

Lester's jaw dropped. Luck. Holy shit. He wondered if this had something to do with the gypsy woman's curse. If so, what was the down side? He looked around, finally coming out of his daze. 

He saw the woman's clutch on the chair. She had forgotten it! 

He snatched it up and rushed to the door. Maybe he could run her down and give it back. He walked out to the balcony walkway that overlooked the parking lot. 

Sure enough, he caught a glimpse of her, but she was not walking away. She was on the other side of the street, waiting to cross back towards the hotel. With her was a large muscular man in a suit. She was angrily gesturing at her throat and shouting loud enough that he could hear her, if not her exact words. 

Without thinking, Lester ran along the walkway and down the stairs. Luckily, his car keys were in his pocket. He was parked behind the building so he was able to get to his car unseen. Just as he was getting in, he heard loud pounding and shouting, both male and female, from the front of the building. 

He quietly closed the door and started his car. He rolled the window down as he pulled out, and he was able to hear the pounding and shouting continue. His room had been in the intersection of an L shaped hotel complex, so he was able to take the outer path around without being seen. He then pulled out on the main boulevard in the opposite direction. 

As he drove he felt the adrenaline of the situation settle. Over all, he felt fantastic! Talk about excitement! The best sexual experience of his life, followed by thrilling excitement, and a successful getaway. He felt more alive than he ever had before. 

He had left some clothes and his dob kit at the hotel, but all of that was replaceable. He figured toiletries and clothes could be replaced for under $100. 

But then he thought. That hotel room had been prepaid for the week. That represented a loss of more than $200 if he could not return. He was pretty sure returning was a terrible idea. And he was down to that last $100. If he didn't get a job, and soon, he would be homeless again. He certainly didn't relish the idea of living among those hobos full time. 

Then he glanced over and saw the little purse. He pulled over at a gas station and picked it up. 

His eyes widened at the sight of a wad of cash. So he had not been her first stop of the night! He sat there under the cold neon light and counted. Five hundred. A thousand. Two thousand! 

All told he counted out $2,450 dollars. Unbelievable! And two little baggies of white powder, an iPhone X, and some rings with what looked like real gemstones. 

Lucky indeed. 

Lester was grinning fiercely as he pulled out of the gas station. Time to leave this shithole city and find a new home. He had no connection to this place, after all. 

He pulled out and headed north. 

Back at the hotel, a large man in a suit was using the "find phone" feature on his phone to locate the missing iPhone of his client. He nodded grimly as his device gave a satisfying ping. 

He pulled out his gun, checked the magazine and safety, put it back and marched back across the street to his awaiting Range Rover. He would take his girl back to the pad and get a good night's sleep. Tomorrow he'd go john hunting. The beautiful young woman with tear-streaked mascara followed sheepishly behind. 

* * * * * 

Chapter 2 is nearly finished. More to come soon.