 When they awoke the next evening Adrian exchanged his number with the three girls and made them promise to call him some time soon. They assured him they would call him and on the way out the red head even gave him a peck on the cheek. He smirked as they walked away, he wouldn't have to go searching very far for some fun now. 

Adrian had many friends before he had changed, but now due to his strange habits only a few close ones remained. None of them knew what he was now but that didn't mean that they couldn't have fun together still, and he often threw little parties in his loft, just a couple of guys drinking and messing around. It was just one of these nights when he had a couple of his buddies over watching a big football game. Josh, a childhood friend, and Mike, a college buddy had brought over a few brews and they were enjoying his big screen when Adrian's cell rang. 

When he answered and heard the voice of his little red head slut on the line he laughed and asked her how she was. Pleasantries aside she got right to business, explaining that most of her friends were out of town and she had nothing to do. Adrian told her he was watching the game with a couple friends, and she quickly said it was O.K. she could call another time. He stopped her and said she was more then welcome to come over, suggesting that she bring a couple friends and they could make it a party. She said she would try and find someone and be over shortly. 

He hung up and asked, "Are you guys ready for some real fun?" They laughed and asked who was on the phone. "Oh just some little college slut thats going to come over and give us all a good time." He replied. After he explained his crazy night with the girls both of his friends were more then ready to stick around and see what happened. In about an hour there she was standing in his doorway, and she had brought a friend! 

Adrian let them in and began introducing everyone, until he realized that he hadn't even learned her name. She interrupted him when he paused and introduced herself as Jade, plopping down right next to Adrian as he took his seat again. Her friend who's name turned out to be Bree, was yet another college girl and was a member of a sorority which explained her slutty appearance, with her tiny short skirt and tube top that reviled more then it covered. Bree's body was magnificent, she had full perky tits and a flat stomach, with long legs and a bouncy round ass. Adrian poured them a couple of aphrodisiac filled drinks and started in with the charm. His friends were both good looking, good natured guys and soon everyone was having a good time. 

Conversation continued uninterrupted and the football game was forgotten as everyone warmed to each other, with the help of alcohol. After the game ended Bree produced a baggy from her purse and began loading a small pipe with weed until Adrian stopped her and said he had some real weed in his room. He went into his room and removed a large bag of the best pot in boulder from a large safe in his closet and turned back towards the living room. 

Only Jade had followed him and was standing right behind him, so close that he almost ran her right over. She grabbed him and with surprising strength threw him to the bed, jumping right on top of him. He was so surprised that this 18 year old college girl had just thrown him down that all he could do was stare at the little vixen. "I want you to fuck me just like last time!" She whispered in a husky voice in-between long hard kisses. The straightforwardness of this girl excited him way more then most of the shy women he had used, and he could feel himself hardening underneath her. 

"I want nothing more then to rip your cloths off right now but we can't leave your girl all alone out there." He replied thinking about Bree's tight ass. 

"Bree's a slut, she will have no problem taking care of those two out there trust me, but we better get them started so we can have our fun." Jade said matter of factly. Adrian smiled to himself this girl certainly knew how to get what she wanted, and he loved it. He had never meet someone so direct and fiery. When they returned with the weed his buddies shot him a couple conspiratorial smiles, and Adrian gave the thumbs up. He rolled a joint and they smoked as Jade rubbed up against him, damn the girl was horny. Bree was already making suggestive comments to his two friends, possibly due to the aphrodisiac, maybe due to the fact that she was kind of a slut. 

When the joint was finished Jade got up and strolled over to Bree, and making sure her ass was sticking way out bent over at the waist and kissed her full on the lips. Her mini skirt rode up high and the three men behind her were rewarded with the sight of her panty-less crotch. All three of them stared mouthes wide open at the bold sexual act, only to be surprised again when Jade straightening her back and ripped Bree's shirt right off. When her breasts popped free of the fabric the men gasped as her perfect tits flopped about wildly. Bree wasn't at all surprised or ashamed when her tits were exposed, she loved it when guys stared like that. 

Jade again bent over at the waist and spread her legs a bit as she took a nipple in her mouth. She had angled her self so that Adrian got the best view but all men now had raging hard ons as the girls played with each other. Bree had lifted up Jade's shirt and was fondling her tits enthusiastically as Jade when to work on Bree's large breasts. None of the guys moved, not really sure what to do as the two girls touched each other, but it didn't last long. Bree pulled down Jade's skirt and standing up pulled her own down leaving both the girls completely naked. 

Jade went straight over to Adrian and straddled him grinding against his rock hard member and stuffing her tits in his face. Bree when to Mike and getting on her knees she undid his pants and pulled them down boxers and all. His large member popped out nearly smacking her right in the face as she pounced on the cock, sucking it up into her mouth and straight down her throat like a real pro. Mike could only gap as the girl went to town, no one had been so direct before. Josh, left alone took no time in getting behind Bree and positioning her on all fours. 

She arched her back so that her pussy stretched wide open for his taking, and he didn't hesitate, whipping out his prick and shoving it straight down her pussy. She gasped in pleasure around the cock securely wedged down her throat as she was penetrated from behind. Jade had Adrian pinned back by the shoulders kissing him passionately and grinding forcibly against his crotch with her bare pussy. Reaching down with one hand she undid his pants and brought his member out pushing it right into her pussy before he even knew what was happening. 

She cried out as he filled up and stretched her pussy to it's limit. She grabbed his head and roughly smash her perky little tits into his face as she rode him like a bucking bronco. Her rough controlling nature had Adrian so close to busting already, he wondered if he might actually loose his control here. This only excited him more and he grabbed her butt cheeks firmly in each hand and smashed her down on his rod over and over again while she panted and moaned loudly. As Jade bounced around on top of him he caught glimpses of what was happening on the couch opposite them, his friends appeared to be enjoying themselves. 

They had Bree sitting on Mike with his huge cock stuffed completely up her asshole while Josh stood before her enjoying an enthusiastic blow job. But Adrian had to concentrate on Jade who was jackhammering herself with his help down so fast on his dick she almost seemed to blur. Adrian couldn't hold it any longer and he came blasting his seed deep up Jade's pussy. Jade slowed and gave him one more soppy kiss before dismounting, she grabbed his dick and pulled as she headed straight for his room. 

Adrian had no choice but to jump up and follow before his dick was torn right off! She detoured to the liquor cabinet and selected a random bottle of hard liquor before continuing to his room and shutting the door. Adrian glanced one more time at his two friends and gave them the thumbs up before the door slammed shut in his face. Jade went straight to his safe and started rummaging around in it, her cute butt swaying with every step. Adrian didn't even mind that this girl he barely knew was looking through his very personal safe, he walked up behind her and stuffed his dick back up her pussy while he slipped a thumb up her milk dud. 

She moaned but didn't stop looking around his safe until she found a little baggy of white powder. Adrian couldn't die, and suffered none of the ill effects of any drugs so he had just about everything, he enjoyed "broadening" his horizons every once in a while. Jade looked back at him and smiled, "Now were gona really have some fun, boy do i have a treat for you." and with that she slid off his cock and went to the bed. Adrian followed and stood before the sitting girl his member staring her right in the face, but she ignored it as she poured the whole bag of powder on the little night-stand next to his bed. 

She poked a finger in the pile and licked it, smiling as she tasted the almost pure cocaine. "Where do you get your drugs?" She asked him incredulously, stuff like this was hard to find, but not so hard for a vampire. He only smiled and said that he had his ways as he continued to try to get her to suck his cock. Still she ignored him though, and when she started separating the pile up into huge lines he stopped and lay down perpendicular to her with his head in her lap. He didn't even know why he was doing this, he never gave women head, preferring to be the dominant one, but this girl made his head spin and he wanted to make her feel good. 

She spread her legs and turned towards him a little as he started kissing her pouty lips. In no hurry he kissed the inside of her thighs and sucked on her outer lips a while before sliding his tongue a little ways up her love hole. She tasted great and was already very wet due to the fucking earlier he noticed as he stuck two fingers up her pussy. She moaned and pushed his head against her cunt hard grinding against his mouth, damn this girl was hot he thought to himself as he continued to eat her out. When she finished cutting up the lines she lay back and curled her fingers into his hair pulling him closer to her and groaning in ecstasy. 

As he concentrated on her clit she screamed and cam flooding his mouth with her love juices. He sat back and looked at the girl laying before him, he couldn't place exactly what he felt for her but whatever it was he liked it. "Where's your tooter?" She asked him and he reached into his safe and brought out a tube for snorting. She snatched it from his hand and without a pause snorted a long line, handed him the tube and fell back onto the bed a look of complete satisfaction on her face. He chuckled and snorted a line himself, she would be feeling much worse them him in the morning that was for sure! As the coke took effect and his mouth went completely numb he leaned over Jade and kissed her passionately, enjoying the sensation of her numb tongue exploring his mouth. 

They lay there for a couple minuets exploring each other bodies as the powerful drug sent waves of pleasure coursing through their bodies. Suddenly Jade jumped up, almost throwing Adrian off the bed with the sudden movement, leaning down she snorted another line and stuck her ass up into the air. "Fuck my ass baby, I know you like it." She ordered. Adrian gaped at the unbridled sexuality emanating from this girl and he took another line and positioned himself behind her. She sniffed and looked back at him as he guided his cock to her puckered asshole. So the slut wanted him to fuck her ass, well he would do just that! 

He rubbed his cock in her sopping wet pussy for a little lube and waisted no time in shoving his cock deep in her ass. He didn't stop until his balls slapped against her swollen pussy lips, and she cried out loudly as he fully sheathed himself inside her. Now it was his turn to be forceful, and he held nothing back pistoning savagely in and out of her tight ass. She moaned loudly and pressed her self back as Adrian stuffed her full over and over again. 

"Yes, yes, yes, fuck me you bastard, harder, fuck me harder!" She yelled as she reached back and spread her butt cheeks as wide as they would go. Adrian didn't know if he could go any faster but he resolved to not let the girl down and reached forward grabbing her tits, he forced himself into her as fast and hard as he could. Finally she let go of her ass and pressed her face into the pillows crying out that she was about to cum. Encouraged Adrian pumped even harder as he reached around and started fingering her engorged clit. He didn't even realize how close he was to cumming until Jade started shaking and screaming as her own orgasm shook her whole body, and he burst sending his load deep into her ass. 

He came so hard that it squirted out from around his dick and coated Jade's thighs and pussy. After he made sure to milk every last drop of cum into her butt he removed his cock with a wet pop and collapsed next to Jade, who lay face down breathing heavily. He gave her a little spank and she looked over at him and smiled, "Wow I've never cum from a butt fucking before!" She said. 

He laughed and asked if she was satisfied. She looked at him with a wicked grin and said, "Not even close." And with that she snorted another line and started licking the head of hi semi-erect cock. Surprised he grinned wryly and leaned over to snort his own line, this was turning into a very interesting night. He lay back and enjoyed the sensation of her mouth on his cock as the coke rippled through his body, but soon enough she had rotated around and presented him with her pussy while continuing her work on his quickly hardening cock. He obliged and soon enough both of them were panting with pleasure. She brought him to yet another orgasm and didn't even miss a beat as he continued on her pussy. 

He was almost about to burst again when she sat up and pushed herself down on his mouth, crying out. For the second time his mouth was filled with her juices as she orgasmed on top of him. She stayed there for a while as he lapped up her sweat juices, and he didn't mind at all, she tasted so good after all. Finally she got off of him and went straight for the coke, snorting a line she turned right back around pushed him down on the bed and mounted him again. She guided his member back into her ass as she forced herself down on his tired dick. Adrian couldn't even remember how many times he had cum and the little whore was still going strong! 

Had he finally found someone who loved sex as much as him? There were possibilities for this girl he thought to himself as she quivered atop him completely speared ass first on his rod. After bringing him to yet another orgasm she climbed off and fell into the pillows sweaty and exhausted. Adrian stretched and began putting his things away as Jade curled up under the blankets and quickly trailed off to sleep. Once he closed his safe and checked on his other guests Adrian returned to his bed, it was almost dawn and he would have to sleep pretty late or else tomorrow he would be rather sluggish. 

He hopped that Jade was a late sleeper or things could get kind of weird, he had closed all the blinds in his loft and he could survive during the day in here but he most definitely couldn't go anywhere until at least seven or later. As he fell into his half sleep half trance he contemplated what to do with Jade. She has such a fierce spirit, I have never met anyone like her, but I can't make her a thrall she'll loose her personality. Can I possible make her what I am, should I really burden someone's spirit so?