 Mondays may be my day off, but they are also the day that I do the grocery shopping for the week. It's not all that bad, though. I do fill the cart up but the store I go to always has someone go to the car with me to unload all the bags—cloth bags, of course. No plastic or paper for me. 

I checked the weather before I left the house to see if the rain had stopped. It was cloudy and cool outside but I decided not to wear a cover-up. The reason for that decision was that I chose a very flimsy cotton top from the clothing I had gotten from Maggie, one that had spaghetti straps and was so low cut that that the tops of my boobs were visible. I wanted to be seen, I guess. 

When I got to the store, of course, the sky opened up. I made it inside before getting soaked but not before getting just wet enough that the top clung to my body. Given the cold temperature inside the store my nipples became immediately hard, so hard that they hurt. As I roamed up and down the aisles I actually wished someone could suck on them just to warm them up. 

By the time I had gotten everything I needed my cart was overflowing. As the cashier, a young man who could barely keep his eyes off my chest, rang up my total, I saw a bright flash of lightning outside that was followed by a boom of thunder. I mumbled, "Just great." 

An elderly man wearing a store uniform, a man of about sixty or so I guessed, came up to me and said, "Don't worry, miss. I have a large umbrella and will help you to your vehicle." 

I read his name tag and smiled. "Thank you, Calvin," I said. 

As we made our way to the car I noticed that anyone in the parking lot was running with their heads down with something, like a jacket, pulled on top. That gave me and idea. Calvin, despite being older, was like the checkout guy—he could not keep his eyes off my chest. So, after the car was loaded up I looked at him and said, "You seem to like my tits." 

He hemmed and hawed but finally said, "Yes. I do. They appear to be...spectacular." 

In a low, seductive voice I whispered, "Would you like to see them?" 

"Uh..." 

I lifted my top and wiggled my shoulders a bit. "Like 'em?" 

"God, yes," he said. 

"Give me the umbrella. Then, as a favor to me, of course, take them into your mouth to warm them up." 

"A...aren't you afraid someone will see us?" 

"No. Are you?" 

He didn't answer. He just bent over a bit and, one by one, took each of my nipples into his mouth. In fact, he practically took the entirety of each of my breasts into his mouth. A warm feeling flowed through me, so warm I began to moan a bit with pleasure. "That feels good," I said. "I'd like to have your hands on them." 

Calvin obliged me by standing up and cupping my breasts with his rough and calloused hands. I thought that, because he was older, he hadn't held a tit in a long time so, to turn him on a bit, I whispered, "When's the last time you were able to fondle some boobs?" 

"Two days ago," he said. 

I'll admit that I was kind of shocked. All I could muster was, "Really?" 

Calvin began to tweak my nipples. He smiled at me and, in a low voice, said, "Yes. I take pills, you know? My wife and I have a reasonable amount of sex. She has big boobs and, the other night, she let me have a tit job." 

Now I was in total shock. "W...when was the last time you had a blow job?" 

"Oh, she takes me in her mouth but she doesn't...doesn't finish. She gets too horny so..." 

"Hold the umbrella," I said. "I'll finish one." With thunder and lightning all around us and rain pouring down, I dropped to my knees, unzipped Calvin's pants and took his surprisingly stiff prick into my mouth. The panties immediately tightened around me, massaging my clit, as I ran my tongue over his throbbing cock. It took him less—much less—than a minute to come, sending a disappointingly small amount of jism into my mouth. It didn't matter, though. I came as well. The panties saw to that. 

I stood up, zipped him up and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you for helping me with the groceries," I said. 

"And thank you," he said. Then, as if in a dream, he turned around and walked back to the store. 

I nestled into the driver's seat, happy that I could give a nice guy like Calvin some pleasure. When my phone rang, I was happier—it was Mike. If he had called a minute or so earlier it would have been a bit awkward, you know? 

"Hey, babe," I said. 

"Hi. I...um...have some bad news. I won't be able to go on your trip with you. I got called out of town at the last minute. I have to leave tonight." 

Oh no. My happy mood turned sour in a flash. "But...but...but..." 

"Maybe you could get Wendy to go. You two are great tennis players and I'm sure the male attendees would be quite happy." 

Hmmm. He had a point. "Maybe," I said. "Let me call her." 

The next few minutes were a flurry of activity. I called Wendy. She said she had vacation time and could go, but she would have to leave later than I was. I called the travel agency making the trip arrangements and had them change Mike's reservation to one for Wendy and to a later flight. They texted me the reservation information which I forwarded to Wendy. She texted me back and said, I'll bring some toys. 

Oh, boy. I was in a better mood already. 

After a nice meal of lasagna and red wine, I led Mike into the bedroom. Remembering what Calvin had told me about his wife I said to Mike, "How'd you like to fuck my tits? I want to send you on your trip with something to think about." 

He rushed to the bathroom and returned holding a bottle of lotion. He stripped naked but I left the panties on—I just knew they would add to the fun. 

He started off slow, gently spreading oil over my tits while I spread it over his stiff prick. Then he hovered over me. While I squeezed my breasts together and massaged my nipples, he began to slide his dick ever so slowly between my just-large-enough soft mounds. 

It was like I was in a dream. As he picked up his pace I increased the pressure on my nipples. By the time he came, shooting jism on my chin, neck and lips, I was holding them in a vice-like grip. The combination of pain and pleasure sent me over the top. Even after Mike lifted off me I was writhing on the bed, continuing to squeeze my nipples and moaning—ooom, ooom, ooom. 

Mike sat next to me, patiently waiting for my orgasm to pass. When it did he whispered, "I love you. I'll get a towel to clean you off." 

"I love you, too," I said as little ripples continued to flow through me. 

When it was time for him to leave I told him to just pull the bed cover over me. I was too tired to move. But, after an hour or so, the panties began to rumble a bit. I knew what they wanted because it was what I wanted. The boob fuck was nice but, I decided, I should have let Mike fuck me in the ass. 

I pulled off the panties, got my favorite dildo, covered it with oil, lay on my stomach and, whispering, fuck my ass Mike, slowly started to insert it into my butt. When we have anal sex I like to go slow to avoid pain, but the panties, it seemed, had other ideas. Within seconds I had the dildo thrust deep inside me and was moving it in and out like a maniac. I was crying no, no but thinking yes, yes. I buried my face in my pillow and screamed when I came. 

Exhausted, I just lay on top of the bed, letting the panties remain wherever I threw them after I pulled them off. 

When I woke up the next day, they were on me again. It was like they were alive. They were beginning to scare me.