 When we got to our car Mike tossed me the keys and said, "You drive."

I looked at him with surprise. I mean—he always drives. "Why?" I asked.

"Because I want to look at you. I...I want to take advantage of the side-boob peek opportunity."

"Come on," I said, laughing. "When we get home you can stare at them all you want without any clothing in the way."

"I know but...but there's something about seeing you the way you are that makes me so fucking hard."

When he said that he almost growled. I felt the panties move around, just a little bit, as though they appreciated the energy he was sending my way.

"Okay," I said. When we were halfway to Wendy's house Mike reached across the center console and ran his hand up my thighs. "Hey," I shouted. "Do you want me to crash?"

"Your legs," he said in a hushed voice. "They look so good in those shorts and...and I can see your panties. I don't know why but it is such a turn-on."

The panties moved again. This time they seemed to tighten up around my clit. "Jeez," I said. "We've been through this already. You see more of my legs and ass when I wear a bikini."

"I know, but..."

"We're almost there," I said. "Just relax, okay?"

He mumbled, "Okay," and slid his hand away.

I was happy we arrived at Wendy's without going off the road. It was Bob who opened the door after we rang the bell and, when he did, his eyes almost popped out of his head. "Wow," he said. "That is some outfit."

Mike laughed and said, "Mine?"

"Ha ha," Bob said. When Wendy appeared behind him she gave me a long look. "That...um...is an interesting top."

"Let me tell you how I got it," I said. When we passed by Bob and Wendy I knew, I just knew, they were taking a good long look at my boobs. Anyway, we sat down and started chatting over wine and steaks. I told Wendy about Maggie and the clothes but not about the magic supposedly in the panties—I just didn't have the chance.

"I'd like to take a look at what you got," she said. "Maybe you could loan me something."

"Sure," I said. "I think I have just the thing for you. Bob is gonna have to wait to see it, though."

The conversation then changed to my upcoming trip. A large corporation had arranged for me and Bill Harrington, the male tennis pro at the club, to attend its annual meeting for three days. Our job was going to be to provide exercise for the spouses of the attendees. It was a great gig that paid better than my country club job and it was in California. Best of all was that the corporation was going to pay for Mike to come along.

"You have the best job," Wendy said. "You get to be outdoors all the time, stay in shape and now this trip."

"Yeah," I said. "But I don't make any money. Wanna change jobs?"

"Maybe," Wendy said. "If I could get my body as tight as yours, then definitely."

I suddenly felt three pairs of eyes staring at me. "I...uh...let me help clean up."

I started to collect some dishes from the table, fully aware that when I bent over my tits were on full display. My legs were wobbly as I made my way to the kitchen because of the attention I was getting and because the panties were starting to massage me between the legs. I was at the sink for no more than a minute when I felt a hand slide up the back of my thigh and under my shorts. Two fingers made their way to my pussy which, being so wet, offered up no resistance when they slid into me. I smiled and turned around, expecting to see Mike, but there, instead, was Bob. I shoved him away and whispered, "What the fuck are you doing?"

He seemed startled and confused. "I...I don't know. I'm sorry. I'll...I'll leave you alone."

He head was spinning when I turned back to the sink. Part of me was appalled by whit Bob had done and part of me, especially the part that still felt his fingers, was excited. I had no sooner caught my breath when I sensed someone sneaking up behind me, someone who slid both hands under my top and over my breasts. I glanced over my shoulder and saw Wendy behind me with a glazed look on her face. I grabbed her arms and pulled them away, whispering, "Wendy. What if Mike or Bob were to come in here?"

"I...I'm sorry," she said. "It's just that you're so...so sexy and..."

"Well, go back with the guys," I said. 

She mumbled okay and left. Oh my God, Wendy had fondled me. I began to understand the power of the panties. They had an effect not only on me but on others. As I was debating whether to ever wear them again Mike came up behind me, spun me around, pulled my top away from my breasts and bent over to suck on my nipples. "Jesus Christ," I snarled. "Can't you wait?"

"I wanna fuck you standing up," he said.

I pushed him away and turned back to the sink. Suddenly the panties began to vibrate. I was paralyzed, unable to move, as an orgasm began to build inside me. I forced myself away from the sink and staggered into the living room. "We gotta go, Mike," I said. "I have lessons in the morning. Don't forget, Wendy. We have a doubles match at ten."

"Right," she said. "If it doesn't rain, that is."

"If it does, we'll go to the mall," I said. "I'll loan you one of the outfits I got."

"If it's anything like the one you have on," Bob said. "I'm praying for rain."

"Ha ha, Will rain affect your golf game?"

"Not unless it pours," Mike said. "A soft rain will ruin your tennis, I know, but it will also soften up the greens."

I gave Wendy a kiss on the cheek and Bob a hug. "As soon as I know something, I'll call you."

When we got to our car I shoved Mike up against it. "You said you wanted to fuck me stand up," I whispered. "Well, now's your chance."

I expected him to object. After all, anyone driving by would catch us in their headlights. Instead he grabbed me, spun me around, pulled down my shorts and, in a flash, was pounding his cock in me.

"Pinch my nipples," I snarled. "Pinch 'em hard and fuck me hard."

Oh my God. He slammed into me so hard the car began shaking. My juices flowed down my thighs making, I'm sure, a puddle in the street. Mike lubricated his thumb and jammed it into my ass. I started talking like I was in a bad porno flick. "Come on, baby," I said. "Shove that cock in me. Shove that thumb in me. Fuck me, man. Fuck me."

I didn't care that dirt from the car was being smeared on my top and on my body. All I cared about was coming and, when Mike spewed his jism inside me, I almost screamed. Almost as if on cue a flash of lightning ripped across the sky followed by a loud clap of thunder. "We...we'd better go," I said.

"Right," Mike said.

I stepped out of my shorts and panties and climbed into the passenger seat. Mike didn't even bother to zip up. He just got behind the wheel and started driving with the tip of his cock sticking out of his pants. When we got home we collapsed onto the bed, dead to the world.