 I slipped out of bed around six in the morning. As Mike snored away I pulled on some loose sweat pants and a tee shirt, put on my flip flops, bundled up the clothes Maggie had given me, including, of course, the panties, and made my way to her house.

She didn't seem surprised to see me when she opened the door. "You can keep the clothing," she said. "Just give me the panties."

I fished the panties out of the bag of clothes and handed them to her. When I turned to leave she said, "No. You stay. I want you to see this. Come on in."

She led me into the living room where she held both pair of panties up to her face. After taking a deep breath she said, "Oh my God. The power in these. It...it's like there were two of you."

I had no idea what she was talking about, but I mumbled, "Th...there were. I let my girlfriend Wendy..."

I stopped speaking, stunned by what I was seeing. Maggie tore off her clothes and inhaled more of the panties odor. Then she was beginning to get younger right in front of me. Her hair began to turn blonde, her skin began to tighten, her tits began to unsag, her nipples got hard, her ass firmed up and on and on and on.

I could barely manage to say, "What the fuck?"

"Alien technology," Maggie said. "Human sex secretions are a power source for my species and, baby, you and your friend secreted a lot."

She kept getting younger until, laughing, she said, "I'd better stop. Any younger and I'd be jail bait. Now...you gotta see this."

She turned sideways to me, grabbed the back of her couch and shouted, "Alan. Get down here. And be naked."

I heard thump, thump, thump and then saw a black man, who was at least six feet ten inches tall, come into the living room. His cock, which seemed to be a foot long even when it was soft, smiled at me and Maggie. "Ah," he said. "I see you've morphed."

"Yeah," Maggie said. "You know what to do."

Alan slid up behind Maggie, massaged her breasts for a bit until his cock was rock hard, and then began to ease it into her pussy.

"Easy, big boy," she said. "Go slow."

She turned her head toward me and said, in between moans, "You see. When I get younger, everything tightens up. It's as though I'm a virgin again. Fuck! Easy Alan. Just get it nice and slippery."

I was mesmerized by the sight of Alan's big, thick black cock sliding in and out of Maggie's lily white body. I could barely move but I had to get information from Maggie. "M...m...maggie," I said, stammering. "I enjoyed the panties but I did things...I had sex with my boss...and..."

"Don't worry," she said. "Christ, Alan! Easy. Anyway, they'll forget. You won't, but they will. Did you notice how detached they were after sex?"

"Yeah. I..."

"Oh. Your friend will remember as well."

"I...I'm gonna come, Maggie," Alan moaned.

"You know what to do," she said.

"Yes, ma'am." Alan groaned, pulled out of Maggie's pussy and unleashed a river of cum onto her ass. I mean a river. Using his cock he began to spread it between her butt cheeks.

Maggie, still holding the back of the couch, turned to me. "Wanna suck his cock?"

"Oh, my god, yes," I said. I could just imagine trying to get it into my mouth. "But...but I'm married and..."

"Yeah, I know," she said. "Well, like I said, everything tightens up so...now Alan."

Maggie let out a long, blood-curdling scream when Alan pressed the huge head of his dick against her puckered hole. "Wait," she shouted. "Let me catch my breath." With her chest heaving in and out as she gasped air and with her nipples getting even harder than they were, she turned her head towards me. "If I didn't love anal sex I wouldn't go through this every six months," she said. "But Alan's cock is so big it actually massages my clit when he gets it in me. You can hang around and try him if you like."

Sweat started to pour off my body. "No," I said. "I..." I was interrupted by another long scream from Maggie.

"I...I'm gonna get going," I said.

"Sure," Maggie said. "I don't make this offer often but, for you, come back in six months and we'll do this again."

I started out the door on rubbery legs. "I...I don't think so."

"We'll see," she said.

I hustled out the front door and ran towards my car, stopping short when I heard Maggie scream again. I jumped in the car and started down the street, hearing yet one more scream as I turned the corner.

I was shaking like a leaf when I finally got home. I shed my clothes and slipped into bed just in time because Mike yawned, opened his eyes and put his hand on my chest. "Good morning," he said.

"Good morning," I said after giving him a kiss.

"I had such a weird dream," Mike said. "I'm not sure you'd like it."

I smiled and whispered, "Try me."

"Well, it's not like I'd ever do this, but I dreamt that I made you strip in front of me and two other guys and then we all, you know, fucked you."

I pretended to be shocked. "Mike," I said. "Is...is that something you want to do?"

"No, of course not," he said.

I decided to push him a bit. "I can see how you might want to. I mean...what...you'd probably make me suck everyone's cock first, right? I bet you'd love to see my lips wrapped around someone else's cock, huh?"

Mike mumbled, "Um..."

Next I pretended to be horrified. "Oh my God," I gasped. "When you said all three of you...do you man at the same time?"

"I...I..."

"Who was in my ass?"

"Um...me."

"Did I like it? In your dream, I mean. Did I like it?"

Stammering, Mike said, "Y...yeah. You came."

I stared off into space as if deep in thought. "Hmmm. One in my mouth, one in my pussy and one—you, of course—in my ass. Yes. I think I'd give it a try. Do you have anyone in mind for the other two?"

"Now wait," Mike said. "I'm not suggesting..."

"They'd all have to be hung," I said.

Mike cleared his throat. "I'm not sure..."

"God, I'm horny," I said. "All this talk of anal sex makes me—wanna fuck me in the ass?"

"I..."

"Do ya'?"

"Y...yeah."

I rolled onto my stomach, reached behind me, spread my cheeks and whispered, "Do it. And do it hard."

Remembering Maggie's screams I buried my face in my pillow to muffle mine.

As Mike eased his stiff dick into my tight hole I made a mental note—program your phone to remind you when six months have passed.

Every marriage needs a little magic, and I knew how to provide it for my marriage, that was for sure.