 "The Swan" was quite this evening, but that was how they preferred it. The peace and quiet of the small village was one of the reasons that Toni and Jules had chosen it as the centre for their walking holiday here in North Yorkshire. Working in the hustle and bustle world of London for forty four weeks of the year they liked to spend at least one week where they could escape the rush, the noise and the pollution of the capital, and fill their lungs with clean fresh air and just relax. And anyway, this was how they had envisaged England to be before they had transferred over from the States to work here. 

As is always the case two attractive, and seemingly unattached, women were bound to attract the attention of the local young stags. Or at least that was how they saw themselves. To Toni and Jules they were just chancers the like of which you would find in any pub or bar. But John and Andy weren't bad company, they were quite good fun, and it did help to wile away the evening.

"More drinks girls?" Andy asked as he rose from his stool waving his empty glass.

The girls looked at one another. They had already had three, and they knew what the boys had planned for later. Jules looked up at Andy and nodded.

"Why not, we'll have the same again please." 

As Andy and John made their way between the table to the bar, Jules could see them grinning. 

Toni gripped her arm and she once more turned to face her.

"Are you sure?" She asked.

"Oh don't worry, they're only boys, we'll be fine." 

Jules seldom had time for boys, those like Andy and John in their mid-twenties, and as did Toni, she preferred her men to be more mature, more attentive. The boys weren't unattractive she thought, pretty fit to look at in fact, but their manner made them so transparent.

"And this walk they propose we take?"

"Why not, it could be fun, a little walk in a haunted wood." Toni just shook her head, but then she was used to Jules and her idea of fun.

Toni was already feeling slightly light headed, but she cast her mind back to the part in the conversation where this walk of theirs had been mentioned. So John had told them, the wood up on the hill above the church was haunted, and on nights such as tonight, if you were quiet you could see eerie lights amongst the trees, and witness ghosts and spirits dancing. She had shrugged and smiled, but Jules, ever the one for a laugh had agreed that they should go. Now it seemed there was no backing out, and to make matters worse she was beginning to feel drunk. She knew for a fact what the boys had in mind, and it wasn't lights and dancing, unless you counted dancing of the horizontal kind.

And so it was that an hour later, with the sun beginning to set, the quartet left through the back door of the pub, followed by the 'knowing' looks, and smirks, of the regulars. 

With John and Andy in the lead the girls followed them across the lawned garden to the small gate at the far side. Tony held it open for them, and ushered them through onto the small grassed pathway beyond. Turning right they began their accent of the small hill. Toni could almost feel the guys eyes boring into her ass, feel them slowly undressing her. 

Just what had she let herself in for? Jules just laughed, tossing her hair as she flicked frequent glances back over her shoulder at the grinning faces behind them.

The rays of the setting sun cast a deep red light over the trees of the wood as they drew ever closer. Toni jumped as she heard the hoot of the first owl they were to hear that night. Jules put her arm around her waist for re-assurance, and they entered the fringe of the wood.

"We'll lead girls," Andy offered, "we wouldn't want you to get into any trouble now would we? He shared a conspiratory wink with John, and they started to make their way deeper into the trees.

"Are you sure about this Jules?" Toni asked her friend.

"It's fine, look." Jules reached into the pocket of her thin jacket and pulled out a torch.

"See if we get lost we have a light, and if they try anything. I'll just belt them with it."

They were laughing as they followed behind along the track, watching as the boys rounded a curve ahead of them and vanished from sight. As the girls reached the place where they had seen John and Andy disappear from sight they starred into the shadowy gloom. Nothing. There was no sign of them.

"Here we go," Toni said turning towards Jules, "the start of their idea of fun. Just you wait, when we've gone about ten yards they'll leap out from the bushes, shouting Boo! or some such, and wait for us to fall into their arms in shock."

"Yeah," Jules chuckled as she nodded her agreement, "but they're in for a disappointment aren't they. Come on."

They carried on along the narrow path, their eyes scanning the thick bushes at either side, the silver moonlight casting strange shadows. Ten, twenty, thirty yards they walked, but there was no sign of the guys.

"Twit Tawoo." An owls hoot broke the silence, and Jules fell back in surprise, only to vanish from Toni's sight into the bushes.

"Are you all right?" Toni asked as she pushed through the gap that Jules had left as she fell.

"Will you look at this?" Was the surprised sounding reply she received. Toni pushed further through, and gasped open mouthed. Rather than trees and undergrowth as she expected, she stood at the edge of a grass carpeted glade. But that was not all, for towards the far side stood a thatched cottage with roughcut wooden walls, which looked like something from a fairy tale. Light flickered in the square cut windows, and above the thatched roof, smoke spiralled skyward from the short brick chimney.

"Do you think those two went there?" She asked pointed across the grass in the direction of the unexpected dwelling.

"Only one way to find out, let's go and ask." Jules suggested, and set off without waiting for a reply.

As they made there way across the glade a light rain began to fall from the cloudless sky. They quickened their pace and rapidly covered the distance, to stand before the oak front door. Jules raised her hand, and knocked twice. As she did so, the heavens seemed to open, and it was as if a bath full of water had been tipped on top of them. The door slowly opened.

Standing in the doorway was a broad shouldered middle aged man. He stood back, beckoning them inside.

"Come in, come in, you're soaked. This is no night to be wandering the woods half naked as you are." His deep baritone voice inviting them in. They didn't wait to be asked twice, and hurried inside, and out of the rain.

The door entered directly into, what must have been the main living area. It was perhaps fifteen feet square, with a stone built open fire place in the centre of the opposite wall. Logs were blazing, and a slight smell of pine filled the air. Looking back to where he stood, closing the door behind them, the two girls blinked in slight surprise, glanced at one another, then back towards their host.

As they had seen when he had opened the door, he was a man of middle age, and quite broad across the chest. What they hadn't immediately noticed was how he was dressed. He looked like a character from an old storybook or movie. His upper body was covered by a white loose fitting smock type top, which was secured loosely around his neck by a cloth chord. His trousers were of black wool, and were so tight it looked as if they had been painted on, clinging tightly to his firm buttocks. "Mmm." Jule's quietly moaned appreciatively. 

As her turned to face them, their eyes automatically dropped to his groin. They weren't to be disappointed, and their eyes opened wider, as they saw that the front, was as tight fitting, if not more so, than the back. They could see the shape of his large cock, where it was held in place against the inside of his right thigh, and his balls caught tight between his legs.

As he moved towards them they looked up. "What brings you to my glade on a night like this young ladies, and so scantily attired also?" He spread his arms, gesturing questioningly up and down.

"Well,,," Jules started hesitantly, "well, it was a fine evening when we set out, not a cloud in the sky, and we were" she emphasised the word, "suitably attired, as you put it, for the time of year. As to how we came to be here, I don't rightly know. I tripped and fell through some bushes, and we spotted your cottage. We wondered if two friends of ours might have come this way. It was only as we crossed the grass that it started to rain."

He looked from Jules to Toni then back again, doubt written clearly on his face.

"As to your friends, well I have seen no strangers here for many a long day, and as for the weather, it has been raining here for most of the day. Either way, I can see you shivering, so please, move and stand by the fire to warm yourselves." So saying, he shepherded them across the room.

"You're fortunate," he told them, "for I was just about to take a bath before retiring for the night, and I would not have heard your knock. Now though it seems that perhaps your need is greater than mine. If you stay, dressed and wet as you are, you will surely catch a chill. Please, the bath is yours." He indicated a door at the right hand side of the room.

They could see light shining from a crack at the base of the door, and conferred briefly, They were indeed chilled, and offering their thanks, moved to where he had pointed, and pushed open the door.

In the centre of he room was a large steaming tub, large enough to accommodate the two of them, and about another half dozen more. The warmth and most of the light in the room came from a large fire at the far end of the room, where logs crackled as they burnt producing the same sweet smell of pine. Around the bath candles had been placed, adding to the light. They quickly stripped off their wet clothes, climbed the two steps, and sank into the warm petal covered water.

"Aah!!" that's better Jules said as she lay back, "this feels good."

"Is everything to your liking ladies?" the huntsman voice sounded loudly. Surprised, for they had not heard him enter, their heads turned at the sound, and they sank further under the water, even though he was not looking in their direction. Instead he had picked up their clothes from where they had let them fall, and was hanging them neatly over a dryer placed to the side of the fire.

"Fine thank you." They said in unison.

"I'm so glad." He almost purred the words as he turned towards them.

"I did say I was about to take my bath, would you ladies mind if I joined you?" His hands were gripping the hem at the bottom of his shirt. 

Toni and Jules looked at one another, and reached an unspoken decision before nodding.

"Sure," Toni smiled at him, it is after all your house, so please do."

As the girls looked on he slowly raised the bottom of his smock. Jules licked her dry lips in anticipation of what was soon to be revealed. As his hands rose higher they eagerly awaited their first glimpse of what lay beneath. 

He pulled his smock shirt off over his head, revealing a heavily muscled chest with a light covering of black curling hair. He smiled. They blushed slightly. He folded it before placing it on a home-made wooden chair. Turning back to them he undid the tie around his waist, and bent forward as he lowered his trousers.

"Wow!" The two women exclaimed wide-eyed as he stood upright once more, and they got their first sight of his manhood. Long and thick it hung limply, resting against the inside of his thigh, reaching almost half way down to his knee.

"Mmm." Jules licked her dry lips.

They watched his length sway, almost hypnotically as he climbed the steps, before he stopped and stood looking down at them. He drew his hands apart indicating that they should move apart so that he could sit between them. Not needing to be asked twice they quickly did as he asked, and moved as he slid down to nestle between them in the tub. Closing his eyes he lay back, to sink below the scented water. His cock seemed to float to the surface, its head displayed tantalisingly before them.

He came to the surface shaking water from his long brown hair before turning to look into Jule's eyes.

"Can I help you in some small way?" He offered as his left hand disappeared beneath the water and stroked slowly across her stomach. She smiled. He doesn't waste much time, she thought.

"Oh please do." She found herself answering, shocked at her own willingness, her eagerness to feel his touch on her body.

He slowly drew back his hand before again, gently stroking her stomach, his finger drawing small circles on her flesh. 

As he ran his hand back and forth he slowly moved it higher until, leaning to kiss her inviting mouth, his fingers stroked the crease beneath her breast. "Mmm. Oh!" Jules curled her arm around his neck, returning his kiss, her lips pushing passionately against his, her tongue pushing between them.

Toni turned to her side, resting her arm of the huntsman's hip. She bit her bottom lip as she watched his long fingers curl around the pliant flesh of Jule's breast, squeezing and stroking. He lifted it clear of the steaming water and bent his head to suck it deep into his mouth. "Oooh!" Jules moaned as she felt him first suck her nipple, and then his teeth gently nibble. 

"Harder, harder." She urged, her hand on the back of his head, and he was happy to comply with her wishes, as he licked and then sucked her hard nipple deep into his hot and wet mouth.

Finally letting go of her breast his mouth again sought hers as his hand started to move down over her stomach. Their lips parted, and their tongues seemed to dance, twisting, licking, first in one mouth and then the other. Back and forth, back and forth as his hand moved even lower.

Toni watched the water ripple as Jules raised her hips, parting her legs slightly in readiness eager to feel his touch between them. Stroking her own hand slowly across the Huntsman's waist, she angled downward, caressing him, as he caressed her friend.

"Mmm." Jules moaned into his mouth as his fingers reached the soft hair at the top of her pussy. "Aah." He gasped back as he felt Toni's fingertips brush against the hard flesh standing proudly from his loins.

"Ooh. Yes, squeeze me, stroke me." He sighed as she slid her hand down, her fingers wrapping around his hard length. She pushed his skin down hard and heard him gasp, as he stroked his own hand down between Jule's legs.

"Yess!" He moaned, as she stroked him up and down in time with his own stroking of Jules. His fingers pushed down deeply between her legs to probe at her anus before stroking back up over her lips to rub at her firm clit. Down and up, her juice flowed to mix with the warm water as their movements sent waves teasing across her breasts. 

Jules leant back raising her hips, and pushing her pussy against his toying fingers. Reaching down with her right hand, she grabbed his in her own, pushing him even harder against her.

"Yees!!!" She cried out as she got what she wanted, what she needed, a long finger slipping between her engorged pussy lips. Still tightly holding his hand she urged him in and out of her, as she lay back in the water moaning.

Toni quivered at the sight of her best friend being fingered and kissed, as she worked harder on the long thick cock in her hand. Gripping hard and stroking him, she closed her eyes, fantasising over how good that great length would feel in her mouth. "Mmm." Her tongue slipped out to circle dry lips, moistening them with her saliva.

Jules was whimpering, panting as the Huntsman now had two of his thick fingers buried inside her wet pussy, circling around her inner walls as he slid them in and out. Her muscles contracted, her body began to grow tense, her moment of release was near. 

Pulling his fingers nearly all the way out of her, he lent to first suck then nibble on her hard nipple. He sucked hard as he drove his fingers quickly back into her pussy, their tips pushing against the roof of her hole.

"Aaaaahh!! Aaaahh!" She screamed, grabbing his hand as her orgasm seemed to explode. Her muscles spasmed and tingled as if an electric current played over her. "Yeees....yesss..." Jules moaned as he slowly continued to fuck her with his fingers before, as she drew up her knees, he gently drew them clear.

As Jules lay back hugging herself, softly moaning, and savouring her orgasm, the Huntsman turned to face Toni. As he turned she reluctantly let go of his member, and lent back against the side of the tub, staring deeply into his blue eyes. When he rose up on his knees she could see the end of his cock jutting above the water, its' purple tip glistening.

"Turn around. " He instructed. "I'll do your back for you."

Toni smiled, and raised her self slightly from the water before turning to kneel, her hands gripping the wooden rim of the tub. 

"Mmm." She moaned as she felt his strong hands grip the top of her shoulders, and begin to rub firmly down the length of her back. 

"Aah!" She arched her back pushing her shoulders toward him as he rubbed his hands hard back upwards to again rest on her shoulders.

Again his hands stroked firmly down, this time following the curve of her waist, the ends of his fingers gently stoking her stomach, before he gripped her hips. Toni raised herself higher on her knees. 

Her head tilted back, she closed her eyes as his hands rubbed slowly upwards, stopping when his fingers stroked at the crease beneath her breasts. She felt the hard length of his cock brush against the cheeks of her firm arse.

"Oh yes! Please!" She moaned as his hands closed around her breasts, stroking squeezing, his fingers tweaking the nipples, which jutted firmly from her soft flesh. 

"Aah!" As he lent over her back she felt his hard flesh push against the crack between her cheeks. "Pleease!" She repeated herself. She had to have it buried deep inside her moist pussy. She raised herself higher, pushing back against him, and felt its' tip slide, lower.... lower... until, sliding his hands down her waist and gripping her hips, she felt the tip of his solid cock push gently against her lips. She felt his hot breath on her neck as he whispered in her ear. "This chopper of mine needs to be buried in something to keep its edge." 

He thrust forwards suddenly, driving it deep inside her.

"Aaah" She screamed as she felt him power home, and his stomach push against her. He pushed forwards on her hips as he pulled back, before again pushing forward to slide deep inside her warmth.

"Ooo.. yes...more, more." She moaned as he now took her with a steady rhythm in and out, in and out. He reached round to cup her right breast as he moaned softly in her ear. In and out, in and then out he moved smoothly.

Jules knelt and leant across to kiss the heaving Huntsman, her hand scratching down his back, and the cheek of his arse.

"Yes..." He moaned, his hot breath escaping into her mouth. Breaking their brief embrace she moved to kneel behind him.

"Ow!!" He groaned, as reaching between his legs she gripped his large balls in her hand. She pushed. Urging him deeper into Toni's willing pussy. 

"Go on...go on...." She lent along his back, her hard nipples stroking up and down against his firm muscles. She pushed and pulled urging him, coaxing him to fuck her friend harder and faster, 

"Yes..yes.. harder, harder fuck me, fuck me." She heard Toni panting, her breathing becoming faster as the sensations brought her ever closer to orgasm.

Pulling hard on Toni's hips the Huntsman powered in and out, burying himself fully in the wetness and heat of her pussy. Harder, harder, faster and faster he pulled and thrust, as Toni writhed on his now throbbing cock.

"Yeees!!" They both screamed as he erupted inside her, and she came, shock waves teasing her almost robbing her of her senses.
