 The looks on their faces would have normally frightened me—their eyes were narrowed and their lips were drawn tight against their mouths. It looked very much like they were going to force me to have sex with them which, of course, they were.

I pretended to be frightened, stammering, "W...what do you mean?" I knew that they would be turned on even more than they were already if they thought I was afraid and for some reason I wanted their lust to be as strong as it could be.

"You've been flauntin' your tits all day," Malcolm said. "You obviously want us to see 'em so take off your blouse."

Bill wiped his hand across his mouth. "Yeah," he growled. "Take off the fuckin' blouse."

"Please," I whispered as I unbuttoned my top. When I tossed it aside I covered my breasts with my hands and stood silently, my eyes cast downward.

Malcolm laughed. "How you gonna take off your skirt with your hands like that?"

"T...take off my skirt?" Oh my God. The panties were practically swirling in and out of my pussy when I said that.

"Take it off," Bill said.

"P...p...please," I said. When my skirt and panties hit the floor, I kicked them aside. Suddenly I had Malcolm at my back and Bill in front of me, both of them massaging my tits and squeezing my nipples.

"You have the most fantastic nipples," Bill said. "Perfect little tubes of flesh—not too hard and not too soft."

"Not too big and not too small," Malcolm added.

I know, I thought. I've heard that before.

They both slowly dropped to their knees, dragging their tongues along my body. I almost screamed when Malcolm's tongue penetrated my ass, and almost passed out when Bill drove his tongue into my pussy. I grabbed their heads and pulled them tight against my body, helping Malcolm to get past the resistance of my anal muscle and helping Bill get as deep into my cunt as I could. One, maybe two minutes passed before a huge orgasm consumed me. I was weak, standing on shaky legs, thinking that we were done, when the guys led me to the edge of the bed and made me sit. I looked up and saw two incredibly stiff pricks in front of my face.

I took Malcolm into my mouth first—deep into my mouth—and pulled back, enjoying the site of my saliva glistening on his black dick. I sucked him for a while before moving to Bill's cock. I continued to move between them, sucking one while stroking the other, until Bill said, "Enough of this."

He pushed me onto my back, put my legs over his shoulders and pile-drived into my pussy. Malcolm scrambled onto the bed, straddled my face and jammed his cock into my mouth. For the next few minutes they were relentless, jamming their cocks into me as hard and fast as they could without injuring me. Bill came first, sending a river of jism into my belly. When Bill came, I grabbed Malcom's ass and pulled him deep into my throat, moaning with pleasure as I swallowed the gobs of cum he let loose on me. And me? I had one very long orgasm, my fourth (or was it my fifth?) orgasm of the day.

Well, I thought that was that, but I was wrong. I heard Malcolm say, "I want some of that pussy, too. Get her on her knees."

I kept my eyes closed and just went along with what was happening. I felt myself being lifted and positioned in a kneeling position on the edge of the bed. I felt a cock, obviously Malcom's, sliding into my soaked vagina. I sensed movement in front of me, opened my eyes, and saw Bill lying sideways under my face holding his stiff prick straight up. Malcolm started off slowly but, in just a few seconds, was slamming into me, sending slap, slap, slap sounds of hips against ass reverberating through the room. It was difficult to keep my balance, but I was able to take Bill into my mouth, tasting a combination of his cum and my own pussy juices.

You'd have thought that, because the guys had already come, this round of fucking would have lasted longer, but it didn't. It was as though they were so excited that they came almost right away. I was certain that having had so many orgasms already there was no way I was going to have another, but something sent me over the edge again. When Bill came I was unable to handle his load, so I pulled back and got hit on the lips by a blast of his cum. Then I stared down at his throbbing cock and was thrilled to see more jism spurting out of his knob. For some reason the sight of him coming sent me over the edge yet again.

I was exhausted. When Malcolm pulled out and Bill slid out from under me, I flopped on my back, swiped the cum off my lips into my mouth and watched as the guys got dressed. I finally figured out that the panties, for whatever reason, seemed to put my sex partners into a sort of a fog after our fucking. So Malcolm and Bill got dressed and, without saying another word, left the room.

I was certain my sexual adventures for the day were over. I was wrong.

I guess I fell asleep on my back with my legs spread because, about two hours later, I heard the whir-click of the room door. When I opened my eyes I saw Wendy standing over me with a big smile on her face. "I see you've been waiting for me," she said.

I was about to say, "I'm too tired," but when she reached behind her neck and undid her bow to let her sundress slip off, I changed my mind. Her nipples, which in my opinion are more perfect than mine, were at full attention. After a few seconds of staring at her, so was my clit.

"I told you I brought some toys," she said. She rummaged around in her luggage and pulled out something I had never seen before. It was a rabbit vibrator—a one inch vibrator with little "rabbit ears"—but it had a loop on it.

I guess she saw my look because she said, "It's a vibrating cock ring. We use it all the time, but I'm going to put my fingers in the loop and use it on you."

"No," I said. "Let me have it and I'll use it on you."

She laughed, tossed me the cock ring and flopped onto the bed. Fuck! When I shoved my tongue as far as I could into her pussy the vibrations started to run down my body. In an instant I was on the verge of coming again but Wendy interrupted me. "Shove it up my ass," she growled. "Shove that fucking thing up my ass."

It took a bit of effort to get past her resistance, but when I did she lifted her hips off the bed and practically screamed, "I'm coming." I worked the vibrator in and out of her while tonguing her clit until she shouted, "I'm coming," again. When her hips finally fell back onto the bed she sighed and whispered, "Take it out of me, please."

I lay next to her quietly for a while, sensing something was bothering her. Finally she said, "I don't know what's happening to me. Ever since I put those clothes on and we—you know—I've had bizarre sexual thoughts."

I decided I had to tell Wendy about Maggie and the panties because it seemed, I don't know how, that they were working their magic on her as well. She listened intently, wide-eyed, and when I was done she said, "You have two pairs? Can I wear a pair to the party tomorrow?"

I guess her bizarre thoughts weren't bothering her that much. "Sure," I said. "But I have to warn you..."

She waved a hand and cut me off. "Don't," she said. "Let me find out on my own. God, I'm so excited. I want to show you something I brought along with me."

She rummaged through her suitcase and pulled out an eighteen inch long latex tube each end of which had a replica of a cock head—a big, thick cock head.

I laughed, pointed at the thing and asked, "What the fuck is that?"

"IT's a double-ended dildo," Wendy said. "We can actually fuck each other with it. We can lie face to face, back to back, spoon..."

"I get it," I said with a laugh.

"We can even fuck each other in the ass with this thing," Wendy said, her eyes wide with excitement.

"Keep that thought for tomorrow," I said. "I've had a tiring day. About the panties, we're not going to wear them to play tennis, okay?"

Wendy pouted a bit. "Why not?"

"Because the way they work I'd probably have the handle of my tennis racket up my pussy with everyone watching me," I said.

"Hmmm," Wendy said. "I'd like to see that."

"I bet you would," I said. "C'mon. Let's get some sleep."