 I let out a long groan when my phone rang. I glanced at the bedside clock before I answered it. Eight AM. I tried to remember what day of the week it was before I mumbled, "Hello?" 

"Lydia, it's Bill Harrington. I'm sorry to say that tennis had been cancelled for the day. You can come work in the pro shop if you like but I doubt we'll have many customers." 

Work in the pro shop? At minimum wage? No thanks. I'd rather go shopping with Wendy. "Oh, thanks, Bill. I made other plans just in case. I'm going to go to the mall with Wendy to get some stuff for the trip on Tuesday." 

"Good idea," he said. "Is Mike excited about it?" 

I glanced over at Mike and laughed. He was still asleep, undoubtedly worn out from our frantic fucking session the night before. "Yeah. He is. What about your wife?" 

"Oh. She's not going. I got Malcolm Wilson to come along. I think you know him. A black guy who was briefly a touring pro." 

"Yeah, kinda," I said. "That should excite the conference goers." 

"Especially the ladies," Bill said. 

Hmmm. Now the picture of Malcolm became clearer in my mind. Tall, good-looking, dark-skinned, muscular and happy-go-lucky. The panties seemed to like the image I created in my head because they moved around—just a little bit. "Well, I'll see you Tuesday at the airport." 

When I hung up I gave Mike a nudge. "Hey, sleepy head. You have to get ready for gold." 

Mike rolled onto his side and ran his hand down my body. "Mmmm. I have time." 

I slid my hand over his cock, which, to my amazement, was already as stiff as a board. I crawled under the covers and, in just about total darkness, whispered, "Time enough for this?" 

I love early morning blow jobs. It's so quiet and peaceful and, with the covers over my head, I have to use my imagination to see what I'm doing. I took my time with him, rolling my tongue around the edge of his knob before slowly lowering my head to the point of feeling his pubic hair on my nose. I stayed down, cupping his balls and using my fingers on the little bit of prick that wasn't in my mouth. When he came the panties squeezed me tight, forcing my juices to flow down my thighs. I left his cock in my mouth until it grew soft. Then I sat up, swallowed and said, "You'd better get going." 

"That was fantastic," he said. 

"I know," I said, laughing. Then I texted Wendy—get here around ten. 

I chose to wear the fire engine red cami topMaggie had given me. It ended just below my boobs and had some fringe hanging down that barely concealed them. I examined myself in the mirror and tried reaching up over my head. When I did the shirt lifted up just to the point of exposing my nipples, but not quite. If I really stretch upward, then they would pop free. I remembered distinctly what Maggie had said about it-You go braless in this and the bottom of your boobs might peek out. Nothing like a bottom of the boob shot, eh? 

I got excited just thinking about guys trying hard to see more of my tits than the top, when worn normally, this it, would give them. To complete my outfit I chose to wear some loose shorts that showed off a lot of my thighs. 

Then I pondered what to give Wendy. I decided on the sleeveless, dark green cotton blouse that laced up the front. With her boobs, which are larger than mine, she'd be giving peeks all day long. When she showed up at my house I breathlessly told her to take off her top and bra and put on the blouse. 

"Jeez," she said. "This...um...is quite open." 

"Not as quite as I want it to be," I said. "Let me make some adjustments." Just as Maggie did with me I made a few adjustments with the laces, letting my fingers accidentally brush against her nipples a couple of times, and then led her to a mirror. Once again I repeated Maggie's words from memory. "See how it's open at the top and forms a V shape as it does down? If you want you can let it be open up to your belly button. See how you can see the sides of your boobs? The lower you take the opening the more your boobs will be exposed. Lace it up right and you can let a teensy bit of your nipples show. Let me tell you—guys will get instant hard-ons when they see you in that. Plus, those tights jeans show off your ass really well." 

"Gosh," Wendy said. "If I'm going to be with you in that outfit I'm not sure anyone will be interested in checking out someone my age." 

"Don't make me laugh," I said. "Come on. Let's go to the mall." 

No matter where we went I could sense that all eyes were on us, especially when we went into a jeans shop and I tried to reach a pair of jeans on the top shelf. I stretched up so high that my top popped up over my nipples. After I adjusted my top a nervous young man appeared next to us and, stammering, asked, "C...c...can I h...h...help you?" 

I remembered that Maggie saying something about no one being able to lie to me while I was wearing the panties. In a low voice I said, "You want to fuck us, don't you?" 

The young man struggled not to be honest, but mumbled, "Yes." 

"Which one," I said. "Which one do you want to fuck?" 

He pointed at Wendy and said, "Her. She reminds me of my neighbor and I've always wanted to fuck her." 

I admit that I was surprised, but I nudged Wendy and said, "See?" 

"Yeah," she said. "Let's get outta here." 

"Already?" 

"Uh huh." 

I was having so much fun that I didn't want to leave but, since Wendy did, I drove us back to my place. The moment we walked in the door she grabbed me and pulled me into the bedroom where she yanked my top over my head, pushed me onto the bed and then pulled my shorts off. I was so stunned I could barely get out the words, "Wendy. What the..." 

She pulled her top over her head and, while shimmying out of her jeans, growled, "What do you think? I just have to taste your pussy." 

To say I was shocked is an understatement. I was more shocked when Wendy climbed onto the bed, lay on top of my and locked her lips on mine. Soon we were making out like teenagers, grinding our pelvises together and driving our tongues into each other's mouth. When she came up for air Wendy moved her chest from side to side so her nipples could float over mine. Then she proceeded to kiss her way down my body until she found my pussy. I almost exploded when she her tongue hit my clit. 

"Wendy," I said, gasping for air. "Let me do you, too." 

"Yes," she said. She spun around so her hips were over my face and pressed down on me. I lifted my hips so she could get better access to me and, when I did that, she pressed down harder on my face. Soon I was almost drowning in her juices, but I didn't mind—she smelled sweet and tasted sweeter. I felt her spread my cheeks and ease the tip of a finger into my butt. I returned the favor but, in my case, I eased one finger from each hand into her butt. Soon we were driving each other crazy with lust. When she came, Wendy screamed, sending vibrations up my body. I screamed as well, my orgasm as intense as a tornado. We fell limp, lying head to toe, until she turned around and lay next to me. 

"I...I'm sorry," she said. "I don't know what came over me." 

I knew, of course, but couldn't tell her about the panties. She would never have believed me. "Don't apologize," I said. "I loved it." 

"I...I guess I should go. I'll leave the top..." 

"No," I said. "Take it home. I'm sure Bob will love it." 

**** 

It took all the energy I had to prepare dinner. Just as I slid a lasagna into the over Mike came into the house, took one look at me and said, "Jesus. Did you go to the mall in that outfit?" 

"Yes," I said. "Do you like it?" 

"Fuck, yes," he said. "How long before the lasagna is ready?" 

"Forty-five minutes," I said. "Time enough for us to sixty-nine." 

"Really? You always have a hard time coming that way." 

"I assure you, I won't this time." 

I made sure I was on top of Mike so I could drive my hips down on his face as hard as Wendy had driven down on me. I was hoping that he would use his fingers on me the way I had used them on Wendy and I wasn't disappointed. After spreading me apart he made sure his fingers were lubed and then slowly, very slowly, began to ease two fingers into me. I was in Heaven, especially when he blasted a stream of cum down my throat at exactly the same time I was in the middle of an orgasm. 

I was so exhausted! I was happy that the next day, Monday, was my day off. I was certain that I would get a break from the panties.