 I was all sweaty and grimy, having just finished a tennis match with my friend Wendy on a hot July morning. On the way to the tennis courts I had seen a garage sale sign and decided to check it out on the way home, hoping to find a bargain or two. By the time I got there, of course, almost everything had been sold. I was about to drive a way but an older woman with long gray hair pulled waved to me from inside her garage. She was dressed in what I could best describe as retro-hippie clothing—a long white dress and loose fitting white top with flowered embroidery. I was amused and intrigued by her so I got out and moseyed towards her. 

As I got closer to the woman she became even more intriguing. She couldn't have been more than five feet tall and had to weigh less than one hundred pounds yet, despite her loose fitting clothing I could tell that she had at least C-cup boobs. Her skin was flawless—alabaster white with no wrinkles—and her blue eyes sparkled. In fact her eyes seem to get brighter as I got closer to her. When she was younger she had to have been incredibly beautiful because she was beautiful now. 

"I always save the best stuff for last," she said. "Come inside out of the heat." 

She introduced herself as Maggie, adding, "You know that Rod Stewart song Maggie May? He wrote that about me." 

Like an idiot I got all wide-eyed and said, "Really?" 

Maggie patted me on the head like I was a little girl and laughed. "No, dearie. Come on. I've got some stuff to show you." 

The moment we stepped inside here house we were assaulted by a blast of cold air. My nipples became instantly hard, so hard they ached. I mean I could feel the areolae actually popping up on my tits. Maggie was similarly affected. Sure, gravity had taken its toll on her breasts but there was no doubt that her nipples had gotten very, very hard. There was also no doubt what color they were—bright pink. Her white top did little to hide that fact. 

She led me to her bedroom and into her closet. "I have some great clothing from the sixties that are perfect for you. Don't worry—they're clean, almost like new. Ah, here's one that is perfect for you." 

She pulled a sleeveless, dark green cotton blouse off a hanger and handed it to me. When I examined it I saw that it had no buttons but instead laced up the front. "I was always too big breasted for that," Maggie said. "With your boobs, though, it'll be a perfect fit. Try it on." 

"You mean...here?" 

"Sure." 

"Well...okay." I pulled me tennis top over my head and then, a bit reluctantly, removed my sweaty athletic bra. Maggie's eyes seemed to light up as she studied my body, especially when my nipples became even harder than they had been. 

"I love your tits," she said. "I bet men do, too—so dark and hard." 

I was too nervous to respond, so I just slid on the top and laced it up a bit. "Let me help," Maggie said. She made a few adjustments with the laces, letting her fingers accidentally brush against my nipples a couple of times, and then led me to a mirror. "See how it's open at the top and forms a V shape as it does down? If you want you can let it be open up to your belly button. See how you can see the sides of your boobs? The lower you take the opening the more your boobs will be exposed. Lace it up right and you can let a teensy bit of your nipples show. Let me tell you—guys will get instant hard-ons when they see you in that. Of course, in this blouse it's also to tell when your nipples are hard. I betcha' you have hard nipples all the time." 

"Well, I..." 

Before I had a chance to finish she handed me a long sleeve, tight-fitting white top that had strategically placed holes in it. Some were as small as the tip of my pinky and others were as large as a dime. "You'll have to wear a bra under that. I went braless once and one of my nipples poked through a hole. Do you have one of those transparent mesh bras?" 

"Yeah. I..." 

"Good. That'll provide enough cover so you won't actually be on display but you will be on display, know what I mean?" 

I started to respond but couldn't get a word out. "Here. Try this on." She handed me a powder blue muslin top that was totally see-through and, except for two pockets placed where my boobs would be, I would have been essentially naked under it. Trembling, I put it on and buttoned it up. 

"Oh, yeah," Maggie said. "Just perfect. Lemme see what else I have. How about a fire engine red cami top? You go braless in this and the bottom of your boobs might peek out. Nothing like a bottom of the boob shot, eh? Oh, and this lace beach cover up. You wear a bikini top under and everyone will be craning their necks to take a peek." 

She kept handing me clothing until I was about to tell her to stop. Then she handed me a yellow halter top that I kind of liked. "Wear this and I guarantee you will be flashing your tits from the side. Now, I have some dresses for you, too. They won't show your boobs but they're backless and loose enough that, at the right angle, someone will be able to see your ass. I have a black one and a navy blue one. Which one do you want?" 

"I...um..." 

"Take 'em both," Maggie said. "I'm just glad a cutie like you got them. I have a couple of other things for you." 

"No, please. You've done enough." 

Maggie smiled and took a box out of a drawer. She opened and showed me two pair of panties, one black and one white. "These are magic panties," she said. "When you wear them no one can lie to you. And...trust me...they will take you on a lot of adventures." 

I tried to laugh, but something told me she was serious. 

"I have a great sex life," Maggie said. "Yea, I'm almost seventy but I have a great sex life. That's because I stay in practice, I have a man who pleases me and, of course, I wear my magic panties." She turned around and shouted, "Dmitri. Get down here." 

I heard someone clumping down the stairs. Then a guy who seemed to be about six-ten appeared in the room. All I could do was stare at the giant. 

"His name is Dmitri," Maggie said. "He's and exchange student. I exchange room and board for great sex. Dmitri, take off my top and show Lydia my tits." 

"Whoa," I said. "Wait..." 

But it was too late. Maggie's top was off and her tits, which were shockingly fantastic, were being lovingly caressed by Dmitri as he stood behind her and reached around her. I tried to get my feet moving but I was fascinated by the scene playing out in front of me. I was even more fascinated when Maggie said, "Dmitri. Drop you pants and take out that cock of yours." 

A little voice in my head said—get going—but another voice said—I gotta see this. Dmitri's cock was enormous. I could barely breathe as I tried to size it up. It had to be a foot long and two inches in diameter at the base. Before I could say a word Maggie dropped to her knees. "It's a monster," she said. "Isn't it? Imagine this pumping cum into your mouth or your pussy or..." she paused and stared straight at me "...your ass." 

She turned away from me and took as much of Dmitri's cock into her mouth as she could. Then she turned and looked up at me. "Wanna join me." 

I hardly had enough strength left to respond to her. "No...I...I...how much for...for the..." 

"Twenty bucks," she said. "Put it on the table there but stick around until he comes." 

I fumbled through my purse and counted pulled out two ten dollar bills. I laid them on the table while keeping one eye on Maggie. Her head bobbed up and down. Taking Dmitri a tiny bit further each time she went further. She struggled so much fitting the head of the enormous dick between her lips that drool dripped from her chin. Dmitri, who had been totally silent since he came into the room, finally made a sound. He grunted, and when he grunted jism exploded out of Maggie's mouth. One blast after another flew over her lips, dropping down to coat her tits. After the third or fourth or fifth blast—I lost count—she pulled away and coughed. "If you wanna hang around and see him fuck me," Maggie said, "it's okay with me." 

"No...I...I gotta go." I took one more look at her cum-covered boobs and skedaddled. 

I left the house as fast as my rubbery legs could take me, which was not very fast. My head was spinning and my pussy was pounding on the drive home. I wanted to tell my husband what had happened, but decided not to. Instead I decided to surprise him with one of the outfits Maggie had sold me.