 The next morning I picked out the clothing I would wear on my trip, all, of course, from the stuff Maggie had given me. For the airplane ride I chose the see-through powder blue blouse with the strategically placed pockets. The pockets would prevent anyone from seeing my nipples unless I stretched or turned the wrong way, something I decided to do on occasion. To accompany the blouse I chose a dark blue miniskirt, on that was ended way above my knees. Then for the first evening's dinner I chose a black miniskirt and tight, low hanging silk tube top, one that had a tendency to slip almost completely off my boobs. For the second night's dinner I chose an almost transparent dark brown dress, so dark that someone wanting to see my nipples would have to really focus on my chest. That is exactly what I wanted. Finally, I decided to wear the black magic panties on the airplane trip. Get it? Black magic?

Oh, yeah—I packed some tennis clothing as well.

When I got to the airport I checked my luggage except for my tennis bag. Although a tennis bag doesn't exactly fit under the seat in front of you, the airlines seem to recognize that putting tennis rackets in a cold, unpressurized environment can be ruinous to them. In addition to a couple of rackets and miscellaneous stuff I always put a big tennis towel in my bag so I can wrap it around me if I get cold and, in my outfit, I was bound to get cold.

I began to suspect that the panties not only affected me but those around me as well. For example, when I went through the booth that hits you with a puff of air to sniff out explosives, I was made to raise my arms over my head four times. Each time the puff of air made me a bit cooler so each time my nipples got harder. The TSA guy watching me kept saying, "You have to raise your arms a bit higher, miss." By the fourth time my skirt had risen so high it barely covered my butt. When I left the booth the TSA guy smiled and thanked me for my cooperation.

And the panties? They were in full motion, massaging me and making me very, very wet.

Anyway, remember that I said that the pockets on my blouse would prevent someone from seeing my nipples unless I stretched or turned the wrong way? After I left the booth I realized that the TSA guy had probably gotten a real good look. That amused me as well as pissed me off. Then, before going to the boarding area I stepped into the ladies' rest room to check my reflection in the mirror. Because I had my tennis bag over one shoulder my blouse was dragged upward on the other side of my body, almost to the point of uncovering my nipple. I guess the whole airport was getting a good look at me.

Whatever.

When I finally reached the boarding area Bill Harrington and Malcolm Wilson were both waiting. I tell you—their eyes practically popped out of their heads. Bill mumbled something like, "Nice outfit."

I replied, innocently of course, "Like it?"

Malcolm jumped in. "I love it."

I smiled at him and asked, "It's not too revealing, is it?"

Ah. The panties. Maggie had told me that in the presence of the panties no one could lie to me. So Malcolm said, "Not revealing enough."

I giggled a bit and, shyly, whispered, "Well, this view is just going to have to do."

Bill, who seemed to be sweating a bit, said, "There is a connecting flight that has been cancelled so the plane is only half full. Maybe I can get your seat changed so we can all sit together."

I pictured myself sitting between Bill and the gorgeous Malcolm. Trying not to show my excitement I said, "Sure. Since I'm petite perhaps you can get me a middle seat."

When Bill scurried away I chatted with Malcolm, admiring his brilliant smile so nicely contrasted against his dark face. I found myself wondering what his cock looked like if, as the rumor goes, black men have bigger dicks.

When Bill returned he was all smiles. "Okay," he said. "We have three seats together."

"Oh, good," I said. Then I added, "This bag is getting heavy." I bent over and unzipped one of the pockets, pretending to look for something. In reality I was just giving the two guys a good look down my blouse. Then I sat in a chair, crossing and uncrossing my legs to make my skirt ride up my thighs.

Bill and Malcolm sat on each side of me. Malcolm looked at me and said, "You have great knees."

I laughed. "Great knees?"

"Yes," he said as he laid a hand on my knee.

"I agree," Bill said as he put his hand on my other knee.

"Mmmm," Malcolm whispered. "And the skin above your knee is so soft."

"Soft," Bill said as he slid his hand slightly up my thigh.

My heart was pounding in my chest. How far would I let them go before I stopped them? I took a quick look around and noticed that every other male-female or combination thereof was also engaged in some type of fondling. The panties were spreading their magic around.

I let them slide their hands slowly further up my thighs, closing my eyes and letting the heat build in my body. I don't know if I would have stopped them before they reached my pussy or not—I'll never know because just before they reached my damp spot the boarding announcement came.

Malcolm, Bill and I shuffled along like zombies until we reached our seats. When we put our tennis bags in the overhead compartment I had to stretch upwards, of course and, I'm sure, exposed my butt to anyone waiting to get past us. Before we sat down I made sure to get my tennis towel out of my bag because I had a plan.

Bill sat by the window, I sat in the middle and Malcom sat on the aisle. They tried to resume their leg-stroking immediately but I pushed their hands away. "Wait until we're in the air," I said. "Then we'll try something I'm sure you'll like."

Once we were in the air I spread the towel over all of our laps. I should have been surprised—but wasn't—when the panties slithered down my legs just to about my knees. I whispered to the guys, "Un zip your pants and take your cocks out."

I couldn't see what they did but was pretty sure they followed instructions. "Bill, you put a finger in my ass. Malcolm, you put a finger or two in my pussy. We're gonna make each other come."

I muffled a squeal when Bill's finger found my puckered hole and let out a low moan when Malcom slid two fingers into my sopping wet vagina. I didn't want to be too obvious about what I was doing so I just wiggled my thumbs on the top sides of their cock heads and my fingers on the lower side.

It was so frustrating doing what we were doing. We all had to move slowly for fear that we'd be kicked off the plane or, worse, arrested. When I was able to open my eyes a bit and glanced around I realized that we should have not worried at all. The panties, it seems, spread their lust around the plane. A young couple on the other side of the aisle were making out like crazy and in general the plane was filled with the sounds of moaning.

Malcolm came first. I actually felt his jism rushing up and out of his cock. I love feeling that. Then Bill came and again I felt the rush of his jism. I could no longer hold off. The towel caught most of their cum but, when some began to ooze down my fingers, I had a massive orgasm. It was all I could do not to scream.

We all sat silently, breathing heavily, as jism from both cocks continued to coat my fingers. Without looking at the guys I whispered, "Can you two come again?"

Malcolm answered, "Yes. Can you?"

"Yes," I said. "But Bill has to get his finger further up my ass."

"No problem," Bill said.

With their cocks slippery from their cum I was able to manipulate them better. But, because they had just come I had to work harder. That was okay because they worked harder. Bill was able to get his finger up my butt past his second knuckle and Malcom got all of two fingers into my pussy. I could feel their fingers overlapping through the thin membrane between my vagina and bowels as them moved them back and forth.

I guess we played with each other for about fifteen minutes before I whispered, "I can't take it anymore. Please come with me."

They didn't say anything. All I know is that when I came they blasted two more huge globs of cum out of their cocks. Once again we sat quietly for a while. Then Malcom cleaned up his cock and hand, Then Bill cleaned his cock and finger, and then they neatly folded the towel and placed in on my lap. I didn't have to do a thing. The panties, very much alive, slithered back up my thighs all by themselves.

I knew that if I removed the towel anyone passing by would have a perfect view of the flimsy, now soaking wet, material covering my pussy lips. I wanted to be seen. The panties wanted to be seen. I removed the towel and tossed it under the seat in front of me. Then I leaned back and let anyone see what they wanted to see.

I suppose I fell asleep. The plane landed with a thud, jolting me awake. As though nothing had happened Malcom, Bill and I made our way to baggage claim, got our bags and took the shuttle to the hotel. I left instructions at the front desk to give Wendy a key, texted my room number to her and, once in my room, flopped on the bed. I was about to close my eyes when I heard a knock on the door. When I opened it Malcom and Bill were standing outside. Bill looked at me and said, simply, "We still haven't seen your tits."