 Wendy and I were so tired that we moved through the airport like zombies, putting one foot in front of the other, walking slowly and staring straight ahead. Just before we boarded our plane I got a text from my husband Mike. "I'm having some guys over for poker tonight. I'm picking Bob up so tell Wendy to come to our house so she can take him home."

"Just great," I said. "They'll probably want us to make snacks."

"Fuck that," Wendy said. "They can take care of themselves."

I laughed at Wendy's comment. "Yeah," I said. "Fuck 'em."

Little did I know that we were, in fact, going to wind up fucking them—literally fucking them.

Wendy followed me to my house so we would arrive at the same time. When we walked inside we found the place dimly lit with a bunch of guys sitting around a table in the family room. I had expected a big welcome from Mike but we got mostly silence.

"Um...helloooooo," I said.

Mike looked up at me and, with a strange smile on his face, said, "I've got some bad news."

Bob looked at Wendy with the same kind of smile. "Yeah," he said. "Me, too."

I was about to ask what kind of bad news when Mike said, "You see, I made a bet and lost."

I shrugged. "So?"

Bob chimed in. "I made the same bet," he said.

Wendy and I looked at each other as if to say what the fuck?

She said, "Well, unless you bet the house or the car then..."

Bob cut her off. "I bet you."

Wendy took a step backward, mumbling, "What?"

Mike sneered at me and growled, "And I bet you."

I also took a step backward. "What...what are you talking about?"

"Get undressed," Mike commanded.

"You, too," Bob said.

"Now wait a second," I said.

"Do it," Mike and Bob shouted. There was something about the looks on their faces that was both frightening and exciting at the same time. I couldn't figure out how, but I knew the magic panties were affecting them even though I had packed them in my luggage.

Trembling with fear and lust, I put my hands behind my neck and undid the tie that was holding up my sundress, letting it flutter to the floor. "Sweet," someone said. "She ain't got nothin' on."

It was true. Other than the magic panties I only had taken tennis panties with me, and I wasn't going to wear them under my sundress. I turned my head to see what was going on with Wendy and was shocked to see her on her knees with three stiff pricks in front of her face. Then I felt pressure on my head and suddenly I was on my knees with a hard cock in my mouth and my hands wrapped around two others.

The guys were merciless. One after another they jammed their pricks down my throat, pushing my head hard and driving their dicks deep. I heard gagging sounds coming from Wendy, but then realized I, too, was gagging. Drool trickled down my chin and onto my tits where the men's hands spread it all over my chest.

Strangely enough, I was loving every second of the assault. I was anxious for someone to shoot gobs of cum into my throat, but that wasn't going to happen.

Suddenly I felt two hands slide under my arms and my body being lifted up. I sensed someone sliding under me and then, when I was lowered down, a rock-hard cock sliding into my pussy. As soon as that cock was as far in me as possible, I once again had a dick in my mouth. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Wendy in the same position with Bob hovering behind her.

Oh, no, I thought. He wouldn't.

But he did. Bob straddled Wendy and, in one quick move, thrust his cock into her ass. She screamed, but her scream that was muffled by the prick in her mouth so I couldn't tell if it was from pain or pleasure.

Then I sensed Mike behind me.

Oh, no, I thought. He wouldn't.

But he did. I felt his fingers spread my cheeks, the head of his prick at my puckered hole and then the excruciating combination of pain and pleasure tearing through me. The three men fucked me hard, driving themselves as deep into me as my body would allow. When the guy in my pussy pulled backward, Mike rammed his prick forward. When Mike pulled backward, the guy in my pussy rammed his prick forward. And the guy in my mouth? He just grabbed my head and kept his cock buried in my throat.

My orgasm built and built. When the cock I was sucking exploded, so did I. When the cock in my pussy let loose a stream of hot cum, I felt my juices flowing down my thighs. And when Mike sent a river of jism into my ass, I almost passed out.

We rested for a few seconds. The guy I was sucking pulled away first, sending a combination of cum and saliva onto my chin. When Mike pulled out next, a stream of his cum filled the gap between my ass cheeks. And, when I was helped to my feet, a long rope of cum oozed from my pussy.

I stood on wobbly legs, looking for Wendy. She staggered toward me and when we met we held onto each other for support. "I can't believe Bob let those men do that to me," she said.

"It wasn't Bob," I said. "And it wasn't Mike. It was the panties. Look at those guys. They're all like zombies, getting dressed without saying a word. Mike's headed for the shower already. First thing tomorrow those panties go back to Maggie."

"Good thing," Wendy said. "I'm not saying I didn't like what happened, though."

"I admit that I loved it," I said. "But still...the panties go back."

"I guess I'd better get dressed," Wendy said. "Call me tomorrow."

I waited until everyone was gone before I went into the bedroom. Mike was under the covers, fast asleep, his chest rising and falling. I ambled into the bathroom where I studied my reflection in the mirror. My chest was glistening from the drool and jism combination, and my thighs were shiny as well.

I couldn't help myself. I slid my hand down between my legs and started to massage my clit. I moved my fingers faster and faster until they were a blur and, holding onto the vanity for dear life, I had my biggest orgasm of the night.

"I don't care how great of an orgasm those panties give you," I said when I regained my breath. "They go back tomorrow."