 I was groggy the next morning and needed a shower to wake up. Of course I showered with Wendy and, also of course, we made each other come in the shower by using our tongues and fingers. I swear the shower lasted an hour. 

Anyway, when I started to put on my tennis outfit I said, "I think that even though I'm not wearing them, the panties are still affecting my mind. I'm not going to wear a bra today. I'm gonna give whoever we play with a good look at my tits. Jesus, just the thought of being ogled is turning me on." 

"Me, too," Wendy said. "Maybe we should forgo panties as well." 

"Ha," I said with a laugh. "Even that's a bit too much for me. I'm going to wear my Chanel perfume, by the way. God, I hope we get to play with some men, not just old ladies." 

Our first match was with two men—two men indeed. One was a black guy named Carl who was about six-two and really built. The other was a blonde guy named Olaf who had a heavy Scandinavian accent and who was even taller and better built than Carl. I got soaking wet between the legs just looking at these two men. 

Anyway, after just a few minutes it became clear that neither one of them were very good at tennis so Wendy and I decided to play mixed doubles with them. That was fine because I got to play some another game as well. 

Whenever I had the chance I would grab my partner by the arm, press my boobs up against his chest and whisper some strategy in his ear. My nipples got so hard I had the impression I was drilling holes into him. Wendy understood what I was doing and did the same with her partner. Of course, I became winded on occasion and had to bend over with my hands on my knees to catch my breath, giving my partner a perfect view of my unfettered tits. 

On every changeover Wendy and I would compare notes. 

What do you think? 

I think I want to fuck them later. 

Did you see how they tried to straighten out their cocks without us noticing? 

Yeah. They didn't do a very good job of preventing us, did they? 

Do you think they wanted us to see? 

I don't know but if they were to drop their shorts I'd suck their cocks right now. 

God, I'm horny. 

Me, too. 

When our hour of playtime was up Carl asked us, "Are you going to the dinner party tonight?" 

Wendy answered for us. "Yes," she said. "I don't know what I'm going to wear, though." 

"I'm going with basic black," I said. "You know that mini I like, right Wendy? And that silk top but...I don't know about that. I have a hard time keeping it from slipping off my shoulders." 

Olaf blurted out, "Wear that outfit. I think black is your color. You, too, Wendy, if you have something similar." 

"Hmmm," Wendy said. "I have a micro-mini but..." 

"Perfect," Carl said. 

"But...but I didn't tell you the color," Wendy said. 

"I don't care," Carl said. Just wear it." 

We said goodbye to the guys and, giggling all the way, headed off to get some lunch. "God," I said. "Could those guys have been more obvious?" 

Wendy laughed. "Could we?" 

"Do you think we should..." 

"The panties will demand it, right?" 

"I guess so," I said. "Who's up next?" 

"Two more guys I think," Wendy said. "I think one of them is Japanese." 

"Ugh," I snorted. "I don't like Asian guys. Not enough hair on their bodies." 

"I've only been with an Asian guy once," Wendy said. "I kind of liked his smooth ass. I remember being on my knees giving him a blow job and running my hand up and down his cheeks. Yeah—I liked that." 

"There is something to be said for that," I mumbled. "Let's go eat." 

After a casual lunch Wendy and I returned to the tennis courts where our next opponents were waiting. The Asian guy, Kenji, the guy I wanted to avoid, was a giant, at least six-six! I wasn't so opposed to him anymore. The other guy, Brad, a white guy, was also tall, but not as tall as the Asian guy. 

Well, Wendy and I did our thing, showing off our tits and rubbing up against the guys while we played. Somewhere along the line Kenji looked at me and said, "I'm not usually into Asian women. I like blondes, ya' know? But you—you are really fuckin' sexy. Christ—your nipples..." 

I instantly felt my juices flowing like a stream out of my pussy but I had to at least pretend to be offended. "Excuse me," I said. "But I hardly think it's proper for you..." 

Kenji immediately apologized but, a bit later, whispered, "I think you like being looked at and I like looking at you. I can't wait to see you buck fuckin' naked." 

I almost said, "And I can't wait to have your cock in my mouth," but I managed to control myself. Instead I said, "Oh. And you think that's gonna happen?" 

He gave me a salacious smile and said, "Yeah. I do." 

Jeez. As much as I wanted to fuck him I just about decided to stay away from the party that night just to teach him a lesson but, well...that was not going to happen. I huffed and puffed a bit, spun around on my heels and winked at Wendy. "Let's get out of here," I said. "We have to get ready." 

The moment we were out of sight of Kenji and Brad we practically ran to our room where we stripped out of our tennis clothes and jumped in the shower. We got very soapy and ran our hands over each other's body, giggling and moaning, not necessarily in that order. 

"Good God," Wendy said. "I am so looking forward to tonight's party. What do you think is gonna happen?" 

"I think we're gonna have sex with four guys," I said. "If the panties have anything to do with it, that is." 

"C'mon," Wendy said. "Let's get dressed and check each other out." 

Getting dressed was a simple matter for both of us. I slid on the panties, pulled on my black mini and lowered my black spaghetti-strap top over my head. I was quite pleased with my reflection in the mirror, especially with the fact that my straps had a tendency to fall off my shoulders—constantly. It was going to be quite the battle keeping my top from accidently exposing my boobs. 

Wendy's outfit was similar to mine, except that she had on a black tube top, a tube top with barely enough elastic to keep it situated above her breasts. I walked over to her and, smiling, started to sing, "The itsy-bitsy spider climbed up the water spout." I dragged my finger up her arm and then started moving it down her chest. 

Then I sang, "Down came the rain and washed the spider out." With a slight tug on her top I got her nipple to pop out and the panties just about went wild. "Oh my God," I said, gasping for air. "The panties..." 

"Me, too," Wendy said. "Since you're into nursery rhymes..." She paused for a second and sang, "The wheels on the bus go 'round and 'round." She made circular motions around my tits until, suddenly, she gave my top a yank, singing, "The people on the bus go up and down." 

In a heartbeat we were on the bed, Wendy sucking on my nipples and, when she took a break, me sucking on hers. "If we don't stop," I said, "we'll never make the party." 

"I know," Wendy said. "But I just love your nips." 

"And I love yours but...let's go." 

When we got to the party we were almost instantly surrounded by the four guys we had played tennis with earlier in the day—Carl, Olaf, Kenji and Brad. 

Carl moseyed on up to me and mumbled, "I love our outfit. Aren't you afraid, though..." He barely touched my shoulder strap but sent it sliding down my arm. If it weren't for the fact that my nipples were so hard my top would have slid completely down to my waist. As it was the top of my areola was fully exposed. 

I battered my eyelids, whispered, "Oh, my," and adjusted my top. Meanwhile Kenji got close to Wendy and seemed to tug on the bottom of her top. She giggled when her tits were freed up and slowly—very slowly—pulled her top back up. 

"Gosh," she said. "This comes off so easily. I have to be careful." 

"This is a big building," Olaf said. "Perhaps we can find a room where we can be alone." 

"I think I'd like that," I said. 

"Yes," Wendy said. "Let's go look." 

We wandered around for less than two minutes before stumbling into a dimly lit conference room. Kenji wiped the back of his hand across his mouth and, in a half-whisper and half-snarl, said, "You two seem to like each other. Why don't you show us how much you like each other?" 

Wendy and I didn't say a word. We just stood in the middle of the room and started kissing. Someone, I don't know who, slid my top down to my waist and started massaging my breasts. Someone else slid Wendy's top down and started massaging her breasts. I reached behind Wendy and slid her skirt over her hips, letting my hands settle on her bare ass. Soon we were both naked, still standing and still kissing. 

I heard chairs being moved around and, without having to look, realized that the guys were setting two chairs in such a way that Wendy and I would be facing each other. Soon I felt hands on my shoulders pushing me down until a stiff prick eased into my pussy. Wendy, too, had been pushed down and took a dick inside her. Then someone stood to the side of each of us and dangled hardons in front of us. I turned my head to take one into my mouth and was about to stroke it but Wendy pushed my hand away and she started stroking it. I, of course, grabbed the cock that was in her mouth and started stroking it. 

I have to tell you—those panties had some imagination. It was quite the scene—two women being fucked while jerking off men who had their cocks in each other's mouth. When the men came they came all at once. It was so weird feeling a prick pulsate in my hand but not shoot cum into my mouth, It was equally as weird to have cum shooting into my mouth from a dick that I wasn't even touching. 

My hips were moving a hundred miles an hour and I was gulping down jism all while having a monster orgasm. Based on Wendy's moans, the same was happening to her. 

After a few minutes of heavy breathing the cock in my mouth flopped out and whoever was fucking me lifted me up enough to slide out from under me. When he put me back down it was onto a puddle of my juices and his cum. 

Wendy and I held onto each other, my forehead on her shoulder and her forehead on mine. I heard the guys milling around, presumably getting their clothes on, and then I heard them leave. After a minute or so Wendy said, "Well, that wasn't exactly gentlemanly of them, was it?" 

"Uh uh," I said. "It seems, though, that the panties do that. We have these incredible sex sessions and then, like zombies, anyone involved just zombies out." 

"Except us," she said. 

"Yeah," I mumbled. "Well, shall we go back to the room?" 

"Good idea. Wanna get dressed first?" 

"I think we'd better." 

"Sigh. Okay. Can you help me up? My legs are like rubber." 

"Mine, too." 

We helped each other to our feet, pulled up our skirts, adjusted our tops and, like on a cloud, drifted back to our room. I don't know about Wendy but I was wondering how much stranger the panties would make our next day.