 Nigel looked through his Grandfather's things and wondered what it said about his life. Not much to show for 85 years of dashing around the world like a playboy and screwing a thousand women.

As he looked through the belongings of the old spooky house Nigel wondered if there was any money left? He had only agreed to plough through these dusty things in the old country house because they all remembered the legend of their Grandfather's almost magical knack of making money from nothing.

Sure he had gone bust several times and left a string of broken marriages and screaming wives behind him. But he had also built up a legendary image of a man driving the best cars, in the most fabulous villas, in the most glamorous locations on the planet. Nothing was too much for Granddad.

So where was the money now?

Nigel knew the lawyers could not find it, after several boring meetings at the London offices. Now he was in the heart of the Stamford countryside, in the most selective part of the English county scene. Of horse riding and four by fours, and proud looking, long-legged women. 

Sadly there were no beautiful women left in the house, just a pile of old magazines. Mostly The Farmers Weekly and Country Living, but as Nigel dug into the dusty pile, he found something which really caught his eye.

They were soft porn magazines.

Mostly from the 1970s and 80s. Granddad's era. The story was, that he knew several of the more glamorous girls, and even helped them with their careers. Getting them out of porn and introducing them to his millionaire friends. For which they were very grateful. 

All gone now.

But not forgotten in the pages of these magazines. As they were not shy in exposing their most intimate sexual parts for all to see. How Granddad must have enjoyed himself exploring those young bodies?

Well, there were no young bodies for Nigel now, as he faced bankruptcy if he did not come up with some hard cash, and pretty soon. 

He was just about to throw the old porn magazines on the fire when something caught his eye. It was a strange drawing scribbled with a biro next to one of the nude pictures. It might have been seen as just another silly scrawl, but for the mention of the lottery.

Now, Granddad had always boasted that he was on the verge of finding a magical way of winning the lottery, but he usually said it with a drink in his hand. So no one took it seriously. 

Nigel certainly did not believe it at first, but as he picked up another soft porn magazine, a handful of old lottery tickets fell out. All filled in, with numbers ringed. The lottery was for something called Canadian 6/49 draw. Nigel had never heard of it. Clearly, it was something from the early 80s, and Granddad was very engaged in it. He had lists of numbers written on the pages where long-legged beauties flaunted their breasts. 

As the sun set over the English countryside, Nigel put on the lights of the large study and pulled every magazine out he could find. In the early hours, as the owls hooted outside, he had built up a pattern of numbers and tickets, laid out across the carpet. And as the sun rose over the lush garden, Nigel began to see a pattern. 

The numbers on the pages of the porn magazines were the numbers for the lottery draws. The tickets had been filled in, with the results written in the magazine for the next month. At first, Nigel thought that the old man was just guessing, but as he checked the monthly bank statements from the filing cabinet, he stared in disbelief at the results.

He had won the lottery.

Not just once, but on a regular basis. 

Sure, they were not for huge amounts; tens of thousands. But he had done it. 

The paper trail could not lie, and there before him on the dusty carpet, was the evidence. Nigel began to put together a plan. So how did he do it?

There were no clues as to how he came by the numbers, just notes about the girls in the photos. What was more, Nigel found a trunk full of photos from the cobweb-filled attic, that showed Granddad with the girls from the magazines. Standing by swimming pools and driving sports cars. All smiling and all spending money. So how?

Nigel was on the verge of giving up when he happened to spot a box of old tarot cards. They were the Swiss 1JJ deck, and as Nigel looked through them, he realized that he had seen notes corresponding to each card, written in the magazines.

How could this be?

What did it all mean?

And how did each card relate to the numbers on the lottery papers?

He thought that maybe he could work backwards and trace each card to each corresponding win, but he soon gave up on this, as Nigel found the numbers changed.

One day the Ace of Swords would mean the number 10, next it meant 25, and Nigel was just as confused as before. What he needed was a translation of the code. A sort of chart, showing each corresponding number against each card. A coded sequence.

No matter how hard he tried, Nigel could not crack the code and was on the verge of giving up, when he saw an address written in one of the magazines. Who could that girl be?

Nigel tried to trace the address online but to no avail. So he contacted a friend in the tax office, who would trace someone (for a fee) and never failed. It was minimum 2 years inside if you got caught, so Nigel was sure to tread softly.

The only name he could come up with was a girl called Kathy. That was the name she went by on the pages of the porn magazine, but there was a Kathy Hawkins working at a Vegetarian and Ethically sourced whole food store. The trouble was, that the day Nigel turned up, looked like the day they were going bust.

There was a group of screaming women standing in the shop entrance, as the men took away the equipment from the shop. 

"You'll burn in hell!" shouted one woman.

"This is typical of the capitalist pig regime!" screamed another.

Clearly, Nigel had come on a bad day.

The most vocal of the group was organising the protest as the van full of repossession officers were driving away.

"We might be down, but we are not beaten yet, sisters!" She beat the air with her fist, as the van drove off.

Nigel had a bad feeling that this was the women he had come to see? What would she make of his idea?

"Here comes another one! Don't let him get anything sisters!" The woman looked at Nigel with fire and hate in her eyes.

"Would you name be Kathy Hawkins by any chance?" Nigel wondered how she would respond?

"You from the courts? Come to take the last of our shop? This is a political act."

"No. My Grandfather knew your Grandmother, and I have an idea that could make you money? What do you say?"

Over the next few hours, Kathy listened to Nigel's idea and his outrageous thoughts on making money. With anyone else, the meeting might have gone badly, but Nigel and Kathy were meeting in an office above the shop. Not just any office, for it, was the room where Kathy dabbled in her other hobby of Tarot reading. She had thought it might be an interesting sideline to the food shop, but as the money dried up, it was her only source of income.

"And you think these wank mags' hold the answer to your dirty old Grandpa and how he swindled money out of these vulnerable girls?" Clearly, Kathy was not impressed as she stood before him gulping a large glass of wine.

"I think it's all crap too, but the fact is, that this dirty old man made money. Don't ask me how, but he did it." Nigel waited for her reply.

"Clearly he couldn't do it without my Grandmother." Kathy was coming round to the idea.

"He came up with the idea, yes, but I can't figure out how they matched the tarot cards to the lottery numbers." He showed her the magazines again. "Look. If you follow the winning numbers, they match the names of the tarot cards, but they change every time the same numbers come up. So how did they pick them?"

"They cycle every time," Kathy said it more to herself, than to him. "So they must have felt the need for the right card at the right time? So what was the right time, and how did they bring it about?"

"I think that has something to do with the naked girls?" said Nigel.

"How?"

"Because I think they used something called: Sex Magic". Nigel let the words hang in the air, as Kathy looked him sternly in the eye.

"How did screwing bring about the numbers?"

"Because I've read a lot about this subject. Granddad had a library full of occult and witchcraft books."

"I've studied the craft too. It's a woman's power."

"Then you'll know that under certain conditions that sex can bring about altered states of consciousness that can give you the insight into other dimensions?"

"Men always think they are doing a woman a favour during sex," laughed Kathy swilling back the wine.

"But they did see something? Something which gave them the insight as to which tarot card was to match which number on that month's lottery. You do agree with that, don't you Kathy?"

"Yes. Thank you, Nigel." She spat the words out.

"Any ideas as to how they went about it?"

"Somehow Grandmother must have pointed to a tarot card, as your Granddad pumped her from behind."

"Yes, but how did they know the number for that card?"

They both sat in silence as the pondered the scene.

"There is talk in the old diaries of something called the Codex? Any ideas what that is?" asked Nigel taking a sip of wine.

"Never heard of it," she replied. They could still hear the noise of the business collapsing downstairs. They both ignored it.

"Grandmother used to mention a girl she knew back then, named Grimalkin. Ever heard of her?" 

"There's no mention of her in the magazines," said Nigel looking through his notes again. "Maybe we should go back to the house to find out?"

"What about my business?" said Kathy pointing to the shop below.

"If we don't get some money soon, we are both in the shit? We have nothing to lose, so why not?"

With that, they both agreed and slipped out the back to Nigel's car.

"Nice car," said Kathy in her most cynical voice.

"Yes, I'm used to the best and I don't want to lose it." Nigel put the Porsche in gear an the raced out of London into the English countryside. Soon the green of the countryside was all around them, as they drove into the county of Rutland near the old stone town of Stamford, and his Grandfathers house.

"I can see how your Granddad got the money out of those girls now," said Kathy as they approached the Regency front of the house. "Don't you have any sense of guilt about that Nigel?"

"No."

"He sexually exploited those young girls, for this fortune?"

"They struck a bargain and they were well paid."

Kathy was just about to start another political tirade when Nigel stopped her.

"That's it!"

"What? Sexual exploitation? I want no part in that!"

"No! There was mention of a magical bargain in the magazines! A magical pact. What could that mean Kathy?"

"Well, they must have made a pact with something magical which gave them the secrets of the codex. The meaning of the cards."

"Yes. Something that gave them the meaning of the card, but through a magical pact. What would do that? You know about the supernatural? What would do that?" asked Nigel, as they stood before the house.

"The only thing which could do that would be a demon." Kathy was shocked by the words coming out of her own mouth now.

"So what sort of demon, would they summon to make a pact?"

"Grimalkin." Kathy looked stone-faced into his eyes now. This was something they should not dabble in, and going any further was crossing the line.

"Who was Grimalkin?"

"In legend, Alchemists used to raise the demon Grimalkin to ask for magical powers. Either that or forbidden knowledge. Like seeing into the future." Kathy was reluctant to enter the house now. "Nigel, we are so out of our depth now. This is major league stuff, and we should not mess with it."

"Do you want to go back to an empty shop? And a life in a dead end job? Kathy look at that car and look at this house? I love my life and I'm not going back to being poor."

"No. You are absolutely right. We both need the money. What I didn't tell you was that Grandma told me she knew exactly what she was getting into when she came here. The old man was wicked, sure enough, but you have to be tough to survive, and my family have never run away from a challenge."

With that, Kathy and Nigel walked into the old house and began to search for more clues.

They did not have to look too hard. For in the library was a stack of soft porn magazines, and in their pages was a model named Grimalkin.

"That's her," said Kathy as she handed him the magazine.

"Are you sure?" asked Nigel.

"Look at the window in the photo? It's that window." Kathy pointed at the set of French windows at the end of the room, leading to the garden beyond. "She was photographed naked on this very spot all those years ago."

"So how did they get her here? I mean raise her up from the other side?" Nigel looked around at the old books on witchcraft and black magic. 

"They must have performed a magic ritual in a circle. You know, like the ones you've seen in Hammer Horror films." Kathy was looking through the book too.

"Do you believe they work? I mean, do you think they actually were successful in performing a magic ritual, in this day and age? I can't help being a little sceptical Kathy"

"Well, we'll soon find out." She pulled an old handwritten book from the shelf. "This is his Book of Shadows. This is what the magicians made to write down their own spells. The ones they knew actually worked. And look here, this is the spell for conjuring a demon. A demon named Grimalkin."

"It's too easy," said Nigel. "It's just falling into place all too easily. Don't you think we are being led down the garden path? Into a trap?"

"You said yourself, Nigel? What choice do we have? We can't go back now."

With that, they began to clear the library floor and set out the magic circle. Another clue to the old use of the library was the magic circle painted on the floor under the carpet. Undisturbed since the day it was covered up, and just waiting.

Of course, the only knowledge they had of this sort of thing, is from what they had seen on television, in late night horror films. So both were very sceptical. This stopped when they faced the problem of sex.

"You know we will have to do it, in order to raise the power." Kathy stood before him in the circle of the room.

"What sort of power are we supposed to be looking for?"

"One that scares us, according to the book. Sex can be very scary when you are doing it with a stranger. And in such weird circumstances. Don't you feel that Nigel?"

"I'm more worried about underperforming.I mean, it's not like we just have to screw and hope for the best. I just don't know what sort of magic power we are after?"

"As usual, it's the woman who has to take the lead. Don't worry, I can raise enough power for the both of us." With that, Kathy began undressing before him. "Come on? Don't be shy, get your clothes off."

They both undressed.

Nigel would have done it there and then, but Kathy insisted they both shower first. The bathroom was large and lavish in the old house as if the guests were used to being prepared for the coming events.

Soon, they both stood before each other in dressing gowns. 

Kathy pulled her cord first and let the light material slip from her shoulders to fall at her feet. She was a beautiful young woman. A few years younger than Nigel, in her Mid-20s. With full pert breasts and curvy hip, he had no problem in finding her desirable. Nigel had no idea if she felt the same for him, but they both wanted the money and Kathy showed no sign of holding back.

She walked across the circle and held out her hands, for them to intermingle their fingers and look into each other's eyes. Then they wrapped their arms around one another and kissed. As he felt the warm smoothness of her skin, Nigel felt his penis swelling and rising. Kathy felt it too.

"That's better. I wondered if you even fancied me?" She threw back her head and smiled.

"I've fancied you from the moment I saw you on the street, and I'm not wasting this opportunity to have sex with you. Magic or no magic."

"Let's get started. The book says they found the Doggy position was the best for working magic, as I have to read things from the book." Kathy turned around in his arms and began to sink to the floor.

"Works for me," said Nigel feeling her buttocks sliding against his belly and his now throbbing cock.

Once she was on all fours, Kathy turned to look at Nigel.

"Just get me wet, and I'll start the spell."

Nigel needed no prompting and began licking her ample buttocks. Then kissing her dark skin between her legs. His nose nuzzling her anus as his tongue found the folds in the mound of the vagina. The flesh was soft and smooth, and they both grunted in pleasure as his tongue slipped inside her. By now her juices were flowing nicely and Nigel could taste her in his mouth.

"I'm going to slide inside you now," announced Nigel as he brought himself up and, as she parted the lips of her vagina with her fingers, began sliding his aching cock inside her. 

They rode away for several minutes in silence.

Both enjoying it but wondering what would happen next.

They had no problem enjoying the sex. The day had been lovely on the way up her and the house just seemed to have an atmosphere of pleasant vibes. Almost as if it wanted them to come in and have sex here. 

Without any prompting, Kathy began to utter the magical words from the old book, laid out before her. She wondered if the stains on the pages were from her own Grandmother all those years ago?

"Come power! Come Power. Rise up and grant us our wish. Oh, Grimalkin come here now and grant us our wish. In the name of the Goddess Astarte, I summon thee here now."

This went on for some time, and both were beginning to wonder if they were doing it right.

Finally, Kathy said:" I just want to come. Go faster and get it over with."

So they did. Nigel had no problem pumping harder into the girl and was about to feel his semen rising up his shaft when Kathy let out a cry. "That's it! I'm nearly there. Just shoot now!"

And with that they did.

Afterwards, they both collap[ssed on the floor and looked around the circle.

"Did we do it right?" asked Nigel.

"You did me right. Can't say about the magic. Does it feel different to you?"

"Maybe we have to do it a few times. It just feels the same to me. I thought it might feel colder or something. But this just feels like a normal sex act to me."

"Me too."

"We fix something to eat and think about our next move."

They both put on their dressing gowns and were in the kitchen looking for things in the fridge to eat. Nigel had stocked it up with things from the town, and soon a meal began to appear on the table.

Nigel was almost getting used to the domestic side of life and was about to cut a tomato on the plate when a hand snatched it before him.

"Let's get it ready first," Nigel thought he was about to look into the face of Kathy with the red tomato in her hand. But instead, he stared straight into the face of a young and dangerously beautiful girl. 

"I like to just jump in and enjoy myself. Don't you Nigel?" said the girl with a smile.

"Who are you?"

"Don't you recognize me, Nigel? You spent long enough looking at my picture in the magazine?"

"Grimalkin!" cried Kathy dropping the salad dressing on the floor.

"You should know me? You spent long enough trying to raise me up in that circle?" She walked about the kitchen trying different pieces of food from the plates.

"We never saw you rise up from the circle?" said Kathy still in shock.

"You watch too much television girl. If you want me bad enough, you can be sure I'll turn up." Grimalkin was more interested in the display of food than answering their questions. "Trouble is, what's in it for me kids?"
