 It is a funny thing, Missy dove feet first into the pool and no one noticed that she was naked. She swam around and splashed her friends as if she did not have a care in world. It wasn't until her friend Adrienne asked her where her new bikini was that Missy realized she was dressed in her birthday suit. Missy just shrugged it off and continued playing around. The tensions of her life, work, her boyfriend, her parents, her stressful commute were all gone and she was being herself for the first time in years. It was a wonderful exhilarating feeling and she wanted to savor it for as long as possible. Adrienne had seen glimpses of this personality but not to this extent and she starting smiling, truly happy for her close friend. She waded over to Missy and put her hands on Missy shoulders and then drew her in to hug her, saying:

"I never seen you this happy!"

"This is such a wonderful place, I feel so alive." Missy beamed back. Both women unconsciously reflected on their proximity to each other, Adrienne was the first to react by kissing Missy softly on the cheek. Missy's nipples crinkled in response, her heartbeat beating more quickly. Adrienne was aware of this also as her nipples responded in kind as Missy's small unclad breasts rubbed against them. Adrienne wrapped her arms around her dear friend and Missy kissed her on the shoulder in response. 

"Thank-you for that, I needed a hug!" said Missy.

"You're welcome honey, it is a treat to see you like this. Say are you going to tell me what happened up there?" said Adrienne. Missy looked perplexed.

"I guess I just wanted to feel the cool water all over my body. I don't remember taking off my bikini-odd." she replied. The wounds that had accompanied the tremendous beating she had received were also gone, physically and in memory. Her pale skin was unblemished and glowed slightly from the sun's rays, or perhaps from the physical rapture she was feeling. Adrienne is not satisfied with this answer but holds Missy closer giving her a tight hug. 

"Okay Missy, I am going to take a plunge- maybe I'll feel like you do afterward! I'll look for your bikini too so you don't need to show any more of that gorgeous bod to the men."

"Well maybe I want to..." said Missy with a twinkle in her eye "...or maybe you just want me all to yourself!"

Adrienne did not reply but gave her a quick peck on the cheek and waded over to the path. Missy stayed in the shallows watching her other friends who were floating next to each other near the waterfall and allowing the water to patter over their skin.

Adrienne padded up the path, keeping an eye out for the bikini fully expecting to find it at the top. Strangely, it was not there. There is no way she would have missed such a bright garment even in this lush green foliage. This also gave her time to reflect about Missy. They had been friends for a long time and they had shared more secrets than sisters. There was something different about Missy, her nakedness was not part of it although Adrienne had never been interested in the female form except to examine the clothes and fashion sense her natural competition for male attention brought. 

As she was looking for her friend's bikini she felt the tendrils of desire probing her loins. Missy was such a kind, giving soul something that she had never considered to be desirable. She liked a man's cock inside her, aggressively pounding her womanhood. She liked everything about men- the broad shoulders, tight asses, long legs and of course the cock. She loved the thrill of controlling a man's orgasm as she sucked and licked his erect member. Feeling it growing and expanding in her mouth was such a turn-on and her blow jobs were considered one of her many talents in bed. The throbbing warmth of her partner's cock squirting cum down her throat was a huge turn on. She was getting wet just thinking about it. 

Why should she have these unexpressed feelings for her best friend? This is complicated, she could wreck her relationship with her BF if she acted impulsively on these emerging feelings. Yet it tugged at her, beckoned her, seeing her friend's small conical breasts floating on the surface of the pool through a gap in the trees just made her pussy go from damp to wet. At the same time she became aware of this eerie flute music playing through the trees. At first it sounded like background noise, but the sound seemed to worm its way into her consciousness forcing her to listen more closely. She could not make out the melody, but the more she heard it the more she wanted to hear more.

She started to walk towards the music, leaving the trail and gently pushing aside the vegetation until she is so close she can sense it surrounding her. She comes to a clearing and sitting on a tree stump is the source of the music. The most beautiful man she has ever seen is playing a flute in the middle of the mountain glade. He has long curly blonde hair that cascaded down his broad shoulders. He has his back to her and fails to hear her as she walks slowly towards him. She is entranced by his music and body and wants more. 

As she comes around to his front she realizes he is naked. Not only naked, but not alone either. On her knees, long dark hair, hiding her face- a girl was sucking his enormous cock. His eyes are closed, neck veins bulging, concentrating on his music and the pleasure throbbing in his loins. His legs are wide apart, the contours of his powerful thigh muscles highlighted by the glistening sweat that dripped from his broad chest. Though he could only express his pleasure through his music his partner is moaning loudly as she sucks and she licks his member. She delights in sucking him until pre-cum coats the purple head and then backs off, gently lapping up his emission. Adrienne can tell the girl is not just beautiful- she is the embodiment of female shape and sensuality. 

Adrienne boldly walks closer until she is standing next to the girl as if it is the most natural thing in the world. She can see clearly now- the beautiful face, generous full red lips, large breasts, voluptuous curvy hips, and her slick pussy. Slick? No- dripping. The girl's hairless pussy was slowly dripping the musky scented expression of her desire. Adrienne's response is totally beyond her control and she drips in sympathy as her loins catch fire, the heat spreading to her breasts and neck. She starts to involuntarily breath in shorter gasping breathes, unsure of what to do, just knowing that she wanted them both. The beautiful dark haired woman whose scented arousal fills her nose, driving her desire, contrasting against this sculpted blonde epitome of masculinity.

The girls looks up into her eyes and stops sucking. She raises an eyebrow and beckons Adrienne to kneel at the foot of the tree stump. As Adrienne goes on her knees admiring the long thick cock, the man gets up and walks behind her and the girl replaces him on tree trunk. The girl has beautifully shaped thighs and she pulls Adrienne's hands across them, encouraging her to caress them. Adrienne does not need any encouragement and loves the softness of the girls skin and she runs her hands along the length of the legs. The girl moans softly, drinking in the sensations of Adrienne's touch. 

Slowly, the girl parts her legs more and more and she is rewarded with sensual fingers making their way along the inside of her legs until they reach the special area that she longs to have touched the most. Her feminine lips are open like the petals of a flower, allowing her honey to drip down to her rose bud and then pooling onto the flat part of the tree trunk. The scent, the redness of the lips and her protruding clit are irresistible and with hesitation Adrienne lowers her head and sucks greedily. 

The tangy juices are soon flowing down her throat, filling her tummy with a warm feeling. She alternates sucking and licking and the girl arches her chest, pinches her nipple cruelly with one hand and she raises her knees and rests them on Adrienne's shoulders. Her moans becoming louder and louder and her pussy emits a steady flow of juice that coats Adrienne's face when pauses the sucking. Adrienne is crazy with desire, her own pussy dripping too, and she spreads her legs and arches her ass upwards as she becomes aware of the man's hands caressing her butt.

She groans loudly as his hard cock rubs from her rose bud down to her clit and she pushes back, not caring which hole he chooses to fill. She wants it- hard, fast, deep. Pounding, wanton sex. And then he is inside her, filling her and stretching her out. She can't believe how big he is, and how she wants him to fill her up. When he has gone as deep as he can go, he strokes inside her, slowly increasing the speed. She is overfull and on fire- her breasts, the inside of her stretched pussy all want more. The girl is cumming hard, spraying Adrienne's face with sweet juice with every heart beat, Adrienne has her mouth wide open to drink in each squirt as she squeezes the girl's clit. 

Adrienne closes her eyes as the man changes from slower strokes to give what she wants- a pounding fuck. Her pussy is quivering with each stroke as wave after wave of orgasm crashes over her body. She is screaming, "fuck me, please...fuck me... harder...more...oh god...". She starts to lose consciousness and the girl supports her head as her body is violently used by the man. There is nothing but whiteness and a buzzing sound filing her unconscious mind as she enters a plain of total pleasure. The man is relentless, a machine, using her body for their mutual pleasure. Her wetness has dripped down her legs onto the grass. The girl puts her hand on the man's shoulder and commands him to finish. His body shakes, as his throbbing member squirts load after load of semen deep into her womb. The girl strokes Adrienne's hair as the man uses her body to prolong his pleasure. He pulls out slowly. His cock glistens with the clearness of her excitement of her poor, abused pussy.

"You went too far..." said the girl.

"It is what she wanted, she will be fine." he replied. She bends over and sucks his cock into her mouth, savoring the salty, flavor of his cum mixed with the musky scent of female excitement. After it is clean, she gets up and hands him his flute.

"Why don't you play me another song?" she asks. He picks it up and his generous lips blow gently down generating a beautifully intoxicating melody. He walks to the edge of the clearing, the girl has her arm wrapped around his waist as the both disappear into the canopy naked, leaving Adrienne in unconscious ecstasy. Her bikini lays on the ground next to her body alongside the Missy's.