 The next day Wendy and I got through our first few matches with little effort. No one we played against inspired any sexual feelings in me, so I began to wonder if the panties had lost their magic.

I stopped wondering when played against Megan, a practically boobless green-eyed redhead, and her husband Miles. Right away I despised Megan, mainly because she thought she was so special and because she belittled Miles at every opportunity.

Why didn't you lob them?

Why didn't you put that ball away?

Can't you hit a forehand?

Can't you hit a backhand?

There was another reason I despised Megan. With her alabaster skin, green eyes, wild curly hair and perky nose, she was the kind of woman guys just drooled over. Yes, I was jealous of her. I began to wonder what kind of nipples a flat-chested redhead like Megan would have. I formed a mental picture of them—bright pink little nubs—and began to get horny.

"Her," I said to Wendy. "She's our target for tonight."

"Them you mean," she said. "I think I'd like to fuck him."

Well, it didn't take long for the panties to do their job at the party that night. After a few drinks and a couple of whispers in Megan's ears all four of us made our way to our hotel room. Megan and Miles both seemed like they were dream walking and were not quite sure what was happening.

When I reached behind Megan's neck and undid the tie that held up her sundress, she looked at me and said, "W...what are you doing?"

"What do you think?" I asked. I was right about her nipples—bright pink little nubs—and I couldn't wait to get my mouth on her tits. I yanked off my dress, pulled down Megan's panties and began to suck on her boobs. I mean—I went to town on her boobs. I loved that fact that I could get her entire tit into my mouth while at the same time use my teeth on her nipple. I also liked the fact that Wendy was next to me on the bed dragging her tits over Miles's face so he could suck on them.

Then, as though we had been given a signal, Wendy and I made our way down their bodies. I rammed my tongue into Megan's sweet-tasting pussy while Wendy rammed her head down on Miles's surprisingly big prick. Their moans were driving me crazy, so much so that I had to reach between my thighs and rub myself to an orgasm.

But I had a plan in mind. I stopped eating Megan and turned to Wendy. "It's time," I said.

I didn't have to tell Wendy what I meant. She just knew. "Okay," she said. She took Miles by the hand, told him to lie on his back, climbed on top of him and took his stiff prick deep inside her pussy.

I grabbed Megan by the hair and turned her towards Miles and Wendy. "Do you like watching your husband fuck other women? Do ya'?"

Megan stammered, "I...I...he's never..."

"Well," I snarled. "He's gonna get to watch us fuck."

"H...how are we..."

I picked up the double-headed dildo Wendy had brought and showed it to Megan. "With this," I said. "Get on your back."

Oh my God. Megan began screaming with lust as I eased nine inches inside her. I started moving it in and out of her slowly before I got on top of her and eased the other nine inches into my pussy. Then I started fucking her—hard. We each had nine inches of latex cock buried inside of us and we each ground our pelvic areas against each other.

Good lord. The room was filled with moaning and groaning for quite a long time.

Wendy rocked her hips back and forth in slow motion, whispering, "Oh, baby. Oh, baby, Oh, baby."

Miles had his hands on her tits, massaging them and squeezing her nipples, muttering, "So fuckin' good. You feel so fuckin' good. Oh, yeah."

Megan was letting out high-pitched squeals as I squeezed her tiny nipples, occasionally shouting, "Harder. Squeeze me harder."

As for me, I was ordering her to squeeze my nipples.

I don't know how long we fucked but it was a long time. Of course, as the panties demanded, all four of us came at the same time, the sounds of our orgasmic moans reverberating off the walls. We more or less collapsed, Wendy bent over with her tits lying on Miles's face and me bent over with my tits draped over Megan's face.

We weren't done, though. I felt a sadistic streak building inside me. "Wendy," I said. "Get off Miles and get on your back. Megan—you're gonna lick your husband's cum out of Wendy's pussy."

Megan protested meekly but soon was lying on her stomach with her head buried between Wendy's thighs. "Don't let her get away," I said.

Wendy dug her heels into Megan's back and grabbed her hair. "Don't worry," Wendy said. "She's not going anywhere."

I slid up against Miles and whispered, "Megan's got a cute little ass, doesn't she?"

"Uh huh," he mumbled.

I moved my hand up her thigh and spread her cheeks a bit. "My, my," I said. "And she has a cute little pink asshole, doesn't she?"

"Uh huh," he mumbled again.

"It looks really tight," I said. "Is it?"

"I...I don't know," Miles said.

"Well," I said. "Let's find out." I took my middle finger and jammed it up Megan's puckered hole. She squealed and tried to lift her head, but Wendy had a firm grip on her. Laughing, I said, "I think she wants another finger up there." I put two fingers together and shoved them into her ass. This time she screamed, but again Wendy held onto her.

I licked Miles's neck and whispered, "Ever fuck her in the ass?"

His eyes were focused on Megan's ass and his hand was stroking his cock. "Uh uh," he muttered.

I pushed my fingers deeper into Megan, causing her to scream again. I pushed Miles's hand off his cock and snarled, "Wanna?"

He nodded, wiped his hand across his lips and growled, "Yeah."

I put four fingers in my soaking wet pussy and got them coated with my juices. I spread my slippery liquid on Miles's cock and gave him a shove in the back. "Well, then, do it," I said.

Oh my God! I can't believe how loudly Megan screamed when Miles began to ease his prick into her. If not for the fact that Wendy's thighs muffled her yelps, I think someone would have called the cops. And Miles? He started pounding her, saying things like, "Like it, bitch? Like my cock in your ass?"

I was far from done, though. I grabbed the double-headed dildo and leaned over to whisper in Miles's ear. "Have you ever been fucked in the ass?"

His answer shocked me. "Yeah," he said. "With a dildo at least. Megan likes to do it to me when she sucks my cock."

Hmmm. Maybe if I got to know Megan better I would like her. But there was no time to think about that. "Well," I said. "I'm gonna fuck you in the ass." I got one end of the dildo coated with my juices and shoved it up Miles's butt. He moaned and started to fuck Megan harder. Then I straddled his body, shoved the other side of the dildo up my pussy and pressed down.

What was going on in our room was sheer insanity. Megan was eating Wendy's cum-filled pussy, Miles was fucking Wendy in the ass, and I was fucking Miles in the ass while at the same time fucking myself.

It didn't take long for all of us to have screaming-out-loud orgasms. I fell face forward with the dildo impaled in my vagina. Wendy released her grip on Megan and slid away from her. For a while Miles continued to lie on top of Megan until he finally pulled out of her. When he did, he shot one more glob of jism onto her pulsating butt hole.

Then, as always seemed to happen, he and Megan stood up, got dressed and, without saying another word, left our room.

Wendy and I lay around for a while, just trying to breathe. Finally I said, "We're not going to wear the panties home tomorrow. Everything is getting too weird. In fact, "I'm going to return them to Maggie."

Wendy, half asleep, just nodded.

I thought I was done with the panties. I was wrong.