 Bert had one dream in life, to become a great magician. He started off by performing magic tricks for is family and close friends. As a jobless adult, he attempted to earn a living with his hobby as "The Amazing Cazzo," performing mediocre magic shows here and there earning barely enough cash to survive.

Now, it wasn't that Bert couldn't perform the tricks, but his weak skills and lack of confidence caused many problems. He would often drop cards during his card tricks, get caught palming items while attempting his sleight of hand, and there was a fifty-fifty chance that any trick he attempted to perform would fail. Despite his best efforts, the only trick he seemed to perform successfully was losing assistants, left and right.

In an act of desperation, he decided to post an ad on Craig's List to find a new assistant. The ad simply read, "Wanted: magician's assistant. Attractive female preferred. Experience not necessary. Contact 'The Amazing Cazzo.'" Initially he got a few pranks from his fellow magicians, sending him their own assistants to embarrass and humiliate him. However, Bert was not to be deterred. A few serious candidates did come, only to quit a day or two later when the tricks failed, or they realized that 'The Amazing Cazzo' wasn't all that amazing.

Bert was rehearsing at the only theater in town that would allow him to rent space in exchange for cleaning the theater, and failing as usual. He knew the handcuffs had an easy-to-release button, but for some reason, he couldn't seem to get them to release. Normally this wouldn't be an issue, but he had handcuffed himself to a chair with his hands behind his back, and he needed to use the restroom.

"Need a hand?" asked a woman's voice that washed over him with a sensuality and warmth he'd never experienced.

Bert looked up to see a woman with long, curly raven hair, curves in all the right places, and legs in a pair of jeans that seemed to go on for days. "Well," he replied with a grin and a blush, "now that you mention it, a little help wouldn't hurt."

The woman stepped over and quickly unlocked the handcuffs. "There ya go."

It was now that Bert saw her large, violet eyes and found himself lost in them for a moment until his bladder made its desires known. "Excuse me," he said and ran off the stage.

Once his needs had been met and his hands were washed, he returned. "Sorry about that. Now, what can I help you with?"

"I'm looking for 'The Amazing Cazzo,' I was told I could find him here."

"All right! Who sent you?" he snapped.

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me! Which one of those asshole magicians sent you? Was it Magical Steve? Max the Illusionist? Or Isaac the Supernatural?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," she said. "I saw an ad on Craig's List for a magician's assistant. The gal in the front told me he'd be back here. I'm guessing he's you."

"You're a bright one, I'll give ya that."

"Look," she said, "I can see you're busy being handcuffed to a chair and shit, so I'll leave now. And by the way, you had them on backward which is why you're having trouble. I suggest you practice with them in the front so you can learn the feel of them. Muscle memory is the real trick with that one."

The woman began walking away when Bert called out, "Wait!" The woman paused, Bert continued. "I'm sorry. May I try again? Hi, I'm Bert, to some, I'm The Amazing Cazzo. To most though, I'm the Amazingly Terrible Cazzo."

The woman turned slowly and smiled. Bert was amazed at how her smile made her even lovelier than before. "Enchantra," she replied.

"Seriously?"

"Why? What's wrong with my name?" she asked.

"Nothing," said Bert. "It's almost too perfect to be the name of a magician's assistant."

"Does this mean I got the job?" asked Enchantra, sounding excited.

"Yeah sure... why not. I'll warn ya though, it doesn't pay well and I doubt you'll be here longer than a few days."

"Why?"

Bert sat in the chair he had just been handcuffed in, hung his head, pushed his blonde hair out of his green eyes, and sighed. "Because... I'm by far the worst magician in the world. The only thing I seem to do successfully is make audiences and assistants disappear."

"Wow! That sounds like a great trick!"

"It's not a trick, they leave and never return."

"Oh," said Enchantra, "well, when do I start?"

Bert looked up at Enchantra. Her named seemed to fit her, though Bert didn't know why he felt that way. "Is now too soon?"

Bert taught Enchantra the few tricks he knew, explaining how they should work, showing her how he performed them. Enchantra watched and listened closely, making suggestions often. After weeks of rehearsal, Bert had booked a show with the local VFW as part of a variety show. They decided Enchantra needed a sexy costume so she went to a local shop where the other magician's assistants went. Bert had his only tuxedo and cape dry-cleaned in time for the show, and even broke out his top-hat.

On the day of the show, there was an assortment of dancers, singers, and musicians. Bert was scheduled to perform early due his reputation. He was checking the props when Enchantra arrived wearing a flowing purple robe with a satiny sheen.

"Enchantra!" exclaimed Bert. "You came!"

"Of course," she said, removing her robe.

"Woah!" exclaimed Bert.

"What?"

Bert stood in shock with a slight erection upon seeing Enchantra in the form fitting purple and white one-piece, bare-left-shoulder, sparkling costume with small skirt that matched the satin robe she was wearing just a moment ago. A pair of sparkling purple heels and sequined stockings completed the look. "You... you..."

"What? Is this not what I was supposed to wear?"

"Enchantra... you... you're beautiful."

"Really?" she said, blushing.

"I mean... you were beautiful before... but now... wow!"

Enchantra smiled. "Really?"

"Really."

A man stepped back and shouted, "The Amazing Cazzo! You're next!"

Bert sighed, "Okay Enchantra, this is it."

They moved the props to the stage, the curtain rose, and the show was on. The audience was just a few dozen old men, some in wheelchairs, and most were more interested in Enchantra than Bert at first. However, when his first trick was successful, Bert felt a new level of confidence. Soon, every trick he tried worked, bringing applause and raising his confidence.

"Are you ready for our big finale?" Bert asked Enchantra.

"I think so," she said with a wink.

Their final trick was simple. Bert would cuff Enchantra and place her in a box. Then Bert would stand on the box with a sheet that surrounded the box, raise it over his head twice, and on the third time, Enchantra would be standing in his place and Bert would be cuffed in the box. They had practiced the trick and felt they had it mastered.

Bert carefully cuffed Enchantra, bringing forth a few cat-calls and wolf-whistles from the audience members. He helped her climb into the box and closed the lid. He grabbed the sheet and climbed onto the box.

"One!" he cried, raising the sheet over his head.

"Two!" he exclaimed, raising the sheet with Enchantra standing behind him.

"Three! It's me!" exclaimed Enchantra who dropped the sheet and was standing on the box, naked, except for her sparkling purple heels.

There was a collective gasp from the audience. No one could believe their eyes. There before them was the beautiful raven-haired beauty in all her natural glory. Her firm, round breasts jutted out, topped by two proud pink nipples. Their eyes followed down to the narrow waist that topped her full hips and led to her neatly trimmed bush was a perfect triangle pointing toward her womanhood. Her beautiful long legs rested in the sparkling purple heels on her feet.

Enchantra smiled proudly at the successful trick, then looked down and giggled, "Oops!"

She knelt down, picked up the sheet, tossed it over her head, and was back in her entire costume including her stockings and shoes a moment later. She stepped down off the box to show Bert cuffed in the box she had just been standing on. As Bert rose from the box, the audience began applauding and cheering. Those who could stand, rose and gave them a standing ovation. Bert and Enchantra smiled as they took a few bows, and then left the stage.

The acts backstage were also applauding. Bert was sure it was because of his first successful show when someone shouted, "How did she do it?"

"Yeah!" shouted another. "That was a hell of a trick!"

Bert looked at Enchantra and whispered, "What are they talking about?"

Before Enchantra could answer, the stage manager stepped up and said, "Well Bert, I must admit, seeing your tricks finally work was one thing, but when your assistant lost her costume, well, those old vets just can't stop buzzing about that. Think you two can come back next time and do the same show?"

Bert's eyes grew wide as Enchantra said, "We've been working on that trick for weeks. I'm just glad I didn't screw it up."

"So how about it, Bert?"

Stunned, Bert managed to say, "Um... yeah... sure. Would you excuse us please?"

Before the stage manager could reply, Bert grabbed Enchantra's arm and escorted her to his dressing room. Once the door was closed and locked, he asked, "What the fuck are they talking about?"

Enchantra smiled. "I kinda had a wardrobe malfunction."

"Janet Jackson had a fucking wardrobe malfunction... were you really naked on stage?"

"I still had on my shoes."

Bert rolled his eyes. "Enchantra! How the fuck? I mean... you let a room full of men see you naked before me?"

"Is that what you're upset about?"

"Well... kinda."

Enchantra smiled. "Oh I'm sorry Bert. Would you like to see me naked now?"

Bert blushed. "No. But... what happened?"

"I lost my costume," she said. "No big deal really. Now, shall we gather our things?"

Bert was confused. How could Enchantra be so casual about the whole situation? It didn't make sense, but he didn't want to dwell on it. Together they gathered their things and left.

A few days later, Bert received a copy of their performance. While he saw mistakes he made, Enchantra was spot-on perfect. Then it was time for the trick where she lost her costume and he couldn't understand it. He was sure she was wearing it when she emerged from the box and it wasn't anywhere to be seen until after it reappeared on her body. The erection that grew in his pants however, didn't disappear as quickly.

"Hello Bert!" exclaimed Enchantra as she entered the theater ready for more rehearsals.

"How did you do it?" he asked, shifting in his seat so she wouldn't see the tent in his pants, closing the laptop.

"Do what?"

"The costume. How did you make it disappear?"

"Are you still fussing about that, Bert? I told you it was a wardrobe malfunction."

"Tom from the VFW sent me a video of us. I had asked him before we performed to send it so I could see where I went wrong afterward. No wonder those old men were hollering so much. You've got a hell of a body."

"Thanks."

"Oh, and thanks to the VFW, we've got another show in a week."

"That's wonderful! See Bert, you're not the worst magician in the world."

Over the next few months, Bert and Enchantra performed many more shows where Enchantra experienced a 'wardrobe malfunction' and was naked on stage for a brief moment before her costume magically reappears. Bert's own confidence also grew with each successful show, though he never seemed to be on stage when Enchantra's malfunction occurred.

Bert had a DVD of every show sent to him to see what worked and what he still needed to work on. Seeing Enchantra's naked body even for a moment caused an instant erection and fueled erotic dreams. Some included him fucking her in his bed, others had him fucking her on stage before a live audience while performing assorted magic tricks. Several mornings he woke as he shot ropes of sticky cum in his bed, or his dick was so hard it could bend steel resulting a desperate need to masturbate.

Each successful show led to more bookings and soon thanks in part to some of Enchantra's ideas for new and more spectacular magic tricks, Bert's reputation as a magician swelled. Soon 'The Amazing Cazzo' was booked as the opening act in a downtown Las Vegas casino four nights a week, a goal Bert never thought he'd achieve.

With Bert's growing success, it didn't take long for his biggest competitor Magical Steve to come around. He entered the theater quietly and watched the pair rehearse for several minutes, then began applauding loudly.

"Bravo Bert!" said Steve. "Or should I say, Brava to your lovely assistant."

Bert sighed. "What do you want?"

"Is that anyway to treat an old friend, Bert?"

"Bert," said Enchantra, "who is this man?"

"Enchantra, this is Magical Steve. He's considered by many to be the greatest magician ever. Though if you ask me, that title still belongs to Paul Silverstein."

"Enchantra?" asked Steve. "Are you serious with that name?"

"What's wrong with my name?" she asked.

"Ignore him, dear," said Bert, "he's just trying to upset you."

"There is nothing wrong with your name my lovely lady," said Steve. "I just thought it was a stage name like 'The Amazing Cazzo.'"

"It's her real name, not that it matters. Now, why are you here?"

"I heard though the grapevine you were no longer 'Cazzo the Klutz,'" said Steve. "And I also heard you had an assistant who was drop-dead gorgeous. At least that last part was true.

Enchantra smiled. "Thank you."

"Careful Enchantra," said Bert, "Steve here is notorious for trying to steal good assistants."

"I don't know what you're talking about," said Steve. "I just came to check out my competition."

"What are you talking about?" asked Bert.

"There's no secret you and this new assistant of yours have been enjoying a recent flush of success. I've even seen some of the videos. You've got a smoking hot body my dear."

"Thanks," said Enchantra.

"So I had to see this for myself. Tell me Bert, have you fucked her yet?"

"Get Out!" snapped Bert.

"No? Really?" questioned Steve.

"I said, 'Get Out!'" roared Bert.

Steve chuckled. "Fine. I'll see you two later."

Steven walked out and Enchantra said, "That was random."

Bert laughed. "He's looking to steal you away."

"Well, don't you worry Bert; I'm your assistant, not his."

Bert smiled. The two continued rehearsing and performing, building their following and reputation as the best adult magic show. One evening after a long rehearsal, Bert was admiring Enchantra's beautiful body.

"How do you do it?"

"Excuse me?" asked Enchantra.

"How do you do it? You lose your costume at every one of our shows. Sometimes even twice. How do you do it?"

"Wanna see?"

"Sure! Can you do it in your normal clothes?"

"Sure," she replied, then walked over and picked up a long sheet. "It's really simple. I just raise the sheet and poof."

Enchantra now stood before Bert naked, just as she was before the audiences but without her shoes. Bert stepped over and placed his hand on her firm, round breasts. Her skin was soft and smooth except for the hard nubs of her nipples. Enchantra exhaled softly, but made no effort to stop him. Bert tugged on her nipples, then said, "Beautiful, simply beautiful."

Bert pulled his hands away as Enchantra said, "Thank you."

"Get dressed."

"But I thought you wanted to fuck me first," she said.

Bert froze and looked deep into her violet eyes. "Excuse me?"

"Isn't that why you wanted to see me do the trick and why you touched me? I can see the tent in your pants."

There was no denying that Bert was attracted and aroused by Enchantra. He had dreamt of this moment since the VFW show and now it was actually happening. Bert stepped over and kissed her, slipping his tongue into her mouth. Bert could smell the aroma of her arousal mixing with her perfume as he frantically removed his clothes. He led Enchantra to a small room where a sofa and dresser sat. He threw the cushions off the sofa and pulled out the mattress.

"You live here?" she asked.

Bert, standing in his boxers, blushed. "Yeah," he sighed, "you now know my dirty little secret."

Enchantra stepped over, sat on the mattress, and grabbed his boxers with her teeth. She pulled them over his engorged cock and dropped them to the floor. She took his cock into her hands, and admired the steel rod as she pushed back his foreskin.

"Wanna see a cool trick?" she asked.

"Yeah," moaned Bert.

Enchantra pushed his foreskin back and slid his cock into her mouth. Bert struggled to watch his cock disappear into her mouth. He felt his cockhead in her throat, a feeling that Bert had never experienced before. Savoring the feeling of her warm mouth as she licked and sucked his cock, he fought the urge to fuck her mouth the way he longed to fuck her pussy. He'd thrust a bit only to hear her moan and feel her suck harder.

Bert grabbed Enchantra's shoulders and pushed her back causing a 'pop' as his cock was released. He grabbed her legs and spread them wide as he knelt down. Her dark pubic hair was neatly trimmed and the arrow pointing toward her pussy beckoned Bert. Her sweet aroma filled his nostrils and hardened his cock.

Bert slid his tongue into her pussy. Her taste was even sweeter than her aroma. Bert's tongue probed her pussy as his fingers separated her ass. Enchantra squirmed and moaned as he slid a finger from one hand into her ass. With two fingers from his other hand into her pussy, he sucked her hard clit into his mouth. Her body tensed up as her orgasm raced through her body causing her toes to curl, her body to shake, and a scream that shook the walls as her juices soaked his face.

Bert pulled Enchantra to the edge of the bed, placed her legs over his shoulders, and slid his cock into her warm, wet pussy. Enchantra moaned as he entered her.

"Fuck me!" she hissed.

Bert smiled and began thrusting. He pushed deeper and deeper until he was fully in and pounding her pussy. Her breasts shook with each thrust. Bert reached down, tugging on her nipples, fucking her with a force he had dreamed of many nights since they first met. The mattress squeaked, Enchantra moaned, and their skin slapped. Sweat poured down Bert's body and pooled on Enchantra's stomach.

Soon, Bert knew his own orgasm would arrive. "Where... do... you... want... me... to... cum?" he asked between thrusts.

Enchantra waved her hand and screamed, "Inside me!"

Bert was sure he saw yellow sparks fly from her fingertips, but thought it might be just sweat. With a primal growl, Bert's cock pulsed he filled Enchantra's pussy with ropes of hot, sticky cum. Her body shook as her orgasm raged through and blue sparks shot from her toes. This time Bert was sure of what he saw, but he focused on finishing the job at hand.

"Oh my god!" Enchantra chirped. "That was the best fuck I've had in years!"

Bert agreed. It had been a long time since he'd bedded a woman who satisfied him as much as Enchantra did. Once his orgasm had passed, he leaned down and kissed Enchantra. He wrapped his arms around her and drifted off to sleep. A few hours later he woke to see Enchantra watching him sleep. Her breasts hung in the open and a soft smile graced her face.

"Sleep well?"

"Yeah," he replied. "How long was I out?"

"A few hours."

"Oh shit, sorry."

"It's fine. I enjoyed watching you sleep. Now, can I share my dirty little secret with you?"

"You weren't a virgin were you?"

"No," sighed Enchantra, "I'm a witch."

"A what?"

"A witch."

Bert scowled. "You mean a broomstick riding, black cauldron stirring, magic spell casting witch?"

"We haven't ridden brooms in over two centuries, the only black cauldron I own belonged to my great-grandmother's and I use it to pass out candy at Halloween. I do, however, cast magic spells from time to time."
