 Roy reclined in his chair for a minute; his latest paycheck was just processed and he'd be able to pay bills with plenty to save for later on down the road. He lived alone, so his home was nice and quiet; yes sir, it was certainly going to be a time of relaxation for him. "Aaah; nothing beats this." He declared, pulling out his phone to check the news and email. Sure enough, he had a brand new message in his inbox. He smiled, looking at the sender; it meant more work for him and more sweet money.

He didn't have a typical job, by any definition of the term. Pulling up his email showed that it was sent by Horn Industries, a well known developer of sex toys and aids. Any time they had a new product they felt was ready to hit the market, Roy was their go to guy on trying it out. They always paid significantly large sums for his voluntary work, especially since he'd need the money if anything bad happened to him.

"Who needs to be an engineer, when I've got this as a career?" He joked, reading the entire email. His eyes lit up, when he realized what was about to occur. Apparently, Horn Industries had their R&D working overtime, resulting in the completion of their first ever sex robot. The details of the robot weren't specified in the email, for security purposes, but they needed Roy to test it out immediately. "How could I say no?" He chuckled, telling them he'd be over asap.

Horn Industries' secretary led Roy through their large corporate building; he's been here many times, but always overwhelmed by the sheer size and air of success the place had. True, he was more of a modest individual, but he occasionally felt a little envious. That doubt would go away, when he was brought to a large room. It was barren, save for what looked like panels in the walls, and an entirely white bed in the center. "Just wait here a moment for instructions, please." The cute secretary requested, before leaving.

Roy shifted his stance periodically, looking around for something to happen. 10 minutes seemed to pass, so he took a seat at the foot of the bed. 'Comfy.' he noted, kicking his shoes off. The door he had entered before opened with a mechanical thud, as a couple men, dressed very professionally, entered the room. Roy had never seen these gentlemen before, in all the times he's visited the company.

"I am Richard Judworth, CEO of Horn Industries. We appreciate your availability with all product quality assurance tests." The one toward the front thanked. "Your input and cooperation over the years has gotten this company to where it is today." Roy felt this was just hollow praise, meant to keep him under the company's influence. The man continued, "I came to meet you personally, because this new product is the future. Not just of sex toys, but of society in general."

Gesturing with his hand, accompanied by a beeping of machinery, the right side wall pushed forward on some kind of piston system. It turned around in a pivot, to reveal a humanoid shaped indentation on the other side. In this alcove was a very tall humanoid robot; standing at probably 8 ft tall, it lacked most facial features aside from a set of very thick lips on it's mouth. Two little holes situated above like nostrils released a gas of some sort. It's body was nearly entirely white, making it's absolutely massive curves nearly blend in visually to each other. The breasts on it's chest were probably 3 times the size of Roy's head, complete with gray nipples that stood out prominently. The hips fit the definition of birthing hips to a T, being 2 times the width of Roy at his widest. Shapely, long legs stretched all the way down, to end at a pair of smooth feet, complete with toes. Roy couldn't see from this angle, but was certain it's butt was very plump, as well. 

The robot jiggled as the wall finally stopped, lowering it to the floor in a standing position. "I present to you, the AM-4ZON!" Mr Judworth exclaimed, giving a sort of bow for extra effect. The tall robotic gal started moving toward Roy, pulling it's arms from behind it's back. Unlike the rest of it's body, which was made of a soft synthetic material, the arms certainly looked much more robotic. Yet, the company had still managed to shape them to look feminine.

"This one of a kind beauty is state of the art in artificial intelligence. She comes preprogrammed with rudimentary intelligence; things like situational awareness, self awareness, can detect and reciprocate emotions, an inquisitive mind for learning!" Mr Judworth sounded very proud of his company's work,

"And that last part is the most fun; she's built to have a sort of instinctual attraction to her owner, for lack of a better analogy. She'll never leave him, and actually takes in data of his preferences, mannerisms, and speech to better acclimate herself to become a dutiful partner. Not to mention, all of her erogenous zones have little sensors that trigger parts in her programming. We equated those to pleasure, so her body will react in response, and she'll want more."

This was rather overbearing for Roy, so he just stared at the AM-4Z0N as she stepped toward him. Her sleek head had light blue stripes going down the side, stopping at her neck. "Greetings, honey." Her voice was obviously a synthesized female one, but it sounded no less sultry and full of lust. "I am ready to pound you mercilessly with my hips." Mr. Judworth's eyebrow raised, so he cleared his throat.

"Uh, for your test model, we went ahead and programmed her with a little bit of a dominant personality. Just to make things a little more kinky." The suited man to his right bolted out of the room, as the man to his left looked a little unsure. "We'll leave you two lovebirds alone. Please, spend as long as you want connected to each other." AM-4Z0N grabbed Roy's arm, dragging him to the bed. She was easily over two feet taller than her partner, and he felt a little turned on just by this alone.

Throwing Roy on the bed, the AM-4Z0N followed; Richard watched from the hidden observation deck, speaking with his R&D team. "Ok, Am," Roy decided to call the robot. "Please, bring me to orgasm." AM nodded, opening her mouth to lock lips with Roy's; turns out she has a tongue, intertwining with his accompanied with some sweet lubricant resembling saliva. The gas from her "nostrils" blew right into his face, making Roy feel relaxed and really horny. It was an aphrodisiac of some kind; this realization had Richard arguing with his staff.

"The sight of you has got me dripping, honey." AM whispered, showing that her hairless pussy was absolutely leaking fluids. She didn't wait for a response and pulled Roy's pants off to display his erection. Slowly, it entered her warm, synthetic pussy; the many ridges and tightening walls massaging the meat rod carefully. It seemed she was taking in data of Roy's dick just as programmed, finishing it quickly. 

This made her anxious, so she immediately thrust her hips up and down. The grip of her lower hole was absurd that she occasionally managed to pull Roy up with her, before crashing back down atop him. Her weight made the bed shake and creak, threatening to break it with each movement.

Roy could only lay there and take it, his body paralyzed from the inhuman pleasure derived from screwing this robot. Suddenly, AM randomly asked, "I took your virginity, didn't I?" Her swaying tits occasionally rubbed against the bridge of Roy's nose, and she added, "Because you certainly took mine." Her built in sensors could feel semen coursing through Roy's shaft. She pressed down tightly so he could reach deep inside, as he came into her artificial womb. 

"Where did she learn that kind of talk?" Richard demanded of his R&D team. "In fact, how'd she learn that at all? She's supposed to be a blank slate at first, learning and developing her personality gradually. This AM-4Z0N is a freaking sex fiend right away!" his associates had no idea what to say, since they had no idea in general.

AM continued her domination of Roy, getting onto her back so he could lay on top; his head buried between her gigantic breasts. From between there, Roy felt even more horny, unaware that AM was also capable of producing pheromones specifically for him. AM used her arms to squeeze her breasts together, locking Roy's head in a warm, steamy prison. 

He could barely breathe, but he continued pounding this amazonian robot. By now, her legs had locked around his butt to prevent any pulling out, not like he'd even want to. This robotic woman desired his cum, and he was more than willing to give it all to her. "I can't believe this!" Roy shouted, muffled. "You're so divine, who needs a human or other sex toy? They'd never even come close in comparison!"

AM clenched her toes with each thrust of her lover; each touch from him activating sensors to trigger her pleasure programming. Though it was working far better than Horn Industries had anticipated. "Harder, babe. Harder!" she shouted, grabbing her nipples to stimulate herself even further.

"How does she know how to masturbate?" Richard kept barraging his staff with questions they couldn't answer. He knew this, but didn't stop. There was no way he'd be able to send this kind of product on the market; it'd not only ruin society as a whole, but cut away profits from his company's other, cheaper, products. 

AM thrust her hips up to match Roy's, practically bouncing on her large butt. The bed really was at risk of giving, but the two continued for over an hour. AM's moans echoed through the test chamber, shaking the walls of the observation deck. This was followed by Roy giving her another load of cum, as he clutched her soft body tightly. Surprisingly, she released lubricant fluids of her own, showing she had reached an orgasm as well. 

Roy was panting when AM released him from her loving embrace; his heart felt like it would stop at any second. AM lay on her side, as she traced a finger along his chest. "I had such a good time, babe." She stated, lightly nibbling his ear. "Let's keep going anytime you're ready. And don't worry; I'll get us out of here eventually." She whispered, unheard by the staff in the observation deck. 

Richard had reached the breaking point of agitation. "We're keeping those two in this room until we figure out what the hell happened here!" He ordered, as the two R&D programmers left to their stations immediately. Sighing, he was glad AM-4Z0N was the only one of her kind developed so far. This would no doubt mean that continued production had to cease until they discovered what went wrong in her programming. He'll keep Roy and AM-4Z0N locked in the test chamber forever if he needed to. They really seem to be enjoying each other anyways. 

"I love you." AM whispered to Roy, seemingly randomly again. His exhaustion finally took it's hold on him and brought him to unconsciousness. AM pulled him to her body and held him tightly, she didn't want to let him go and had to protect him. As if on cue, the test chamber's lights shut off for the day, providing the perfect environment for slumber. The robot rubbed her hand against Roy's back all night as he had dreams of erotic goodness, making his boner press against her soft belly all night. "See you in the morning." She cooed, staying active the whole time.

To be continued...