 The four travelers, Rathgar, Shakara, Jupiter and Sweets sat around the fire in the center of their hastily made camp. After leaving the village of Aleksiya, the foursome had traveled nearly a quarter of the distance to the Netherwoods in the first couple of days, at first hardly stopping at night. Now, the wearies of the road had begun to tire the group, and they resolved to make camp early and spend an entire night at rest. 

Rathgar rested his muscled back against a tree trunk, one leg of a roasted boar in his hand. Jupiter, across from him, shivered in disgust as he bit a chunk, the juices running down his chin. Shakara curled up next to Rathgar, leaning against him. She picked pieces off of the leg when Rathgar wasn't biting it himself. Sweets sat on a mound of soft bush she had created, in between the two lovers and the wood fairy. In her hand she had a flask of thick red wine, which she was drinking from considerably. 

Sweets wiped a dribble of wine from her chin. "So you two gonna be going at it again all night?" She waved a finger lazily at Rathgar and Shakara.

"Mother." Rathgar sighed as he took another bite out of the boar leg. Jupiter looked across the fire at Rathgar, smiling slightly but saying nothing.

"Don't get me wrong, I mean I get off just fine listening to you two." 

Shakara coughed, choking slightly on the piece of boar meat in her mouth.

"Mother." Rathgar was speaking more firmly now, glaring at Sweets.

"It's just getting a little frustrating. I've never been this long without a cock in my mouth." She ran her tongue along her lips and looked over at Jupiter. "The sexy little sprite over there eats pussy well enough, but it's just no replacement for getting pounded." She looked back over at Rathgar with pouty lips.

Jupiter got up quickly, walking off into the darkness. Light flickered off her flowing dress as she disappeared from sight. 

Shakara sat up from leaning on Rathgar's shoulder. "We can keep it down if it's bothering you."

Sweets waved her hand dismissing the statement. "Have at it, lovebirds. The Gods only know when you'll have another chance at each other after tonight." 

Rathgar sat up quickly. "What do you mean?" He stared hard at his mother, eyes flashing in the firelight.

"You and your mother have a task ahead of you, it won't be easy." Jupiter appeared once again, this time behind Shakara, gently placing her hand on the warrior woman's shoulder. "I'll take care of her, don't worry." The wood fairy gave Rathgar a slight wink.

Rathgar's head glanced from Jupiter to Sweets and back again. "What, I don't..." 

"We're going to Trans-Jasmina," Sweets stumbled slightly to her feet. "You know she'll only deal with you, and there's no way she'd be cool with your little minxes tagging along." She nodded at the two women next to Rathgar. "You might want to taste them both before we leave." Sweets walked in a crooked line towards her own tent. 

Rathgar looked up at Jupiter standing behind the seated Shakara. Her skin gently reflected the flickering light from the fire. Her hand still rested on Shakara's shoulder, though now it gently traced a small circle, rising up to her slender neck and then dipping down to caress her shoulder blade. Jupiter smiled intently and eagerly at Rathgar, her other hand reaching down and sweeping her dress to the side, revealing the upper tuft of her full bush. 

Shakara's hand gently slipped into Rathgar's lap just as Jupiter's hand caressed its way to the front of Shakara's full breast. Shakara closed her eyes as the fairy's fingers squeezed and pinched her nipple. Rathgar knew that touch well, knew that the natural electricity of the Realm was coursing into Shakar's nipples and breasts. A slight groan escaped her lips only to be cut off as Jupiter's lips were pressed against hers. 

It's a strange feeling, kissing a wood fairy. Along with her plump, full lips comes an electric connection to the natural world and the taste of a warm, mountain spring. Jupiter and Shakara's tongues wrapped together as the warrior's hand grasped Rathgar's rapidly growing cock under his trousers. 

His cock taking over, Rathgar reached back and lifted Jupiter by her ass gently into the air, bringing her slim body over the log he and Shakara were resting against and into his lap. Her fairy ass ground down against his groin instantly as Jupiter giggled into Shakara's mouth. With a wave of the wood nymph's fingers Shakara's armor fell from her body and her monstrous tits felt the cool night air rush to greet them. Underneath Jupiter Rathgar freed his own cock from his pants and rubbed the head up and down the outside of her hair pussy. 

Shakara gently pushed Jupiter to a sitting up position with her back to the muscled warrior. Ducking down, the naked warrior dove down to get her own taste of wood nymph pussy, loving the feeling of a thick tuft of soft pubic hair nuzzling her face. Shakara licked Jupiter up and down, relishing in the gentle moans she induced from her lover. Her hand snaked underneath and grabbed hold of Rathgar's nine inch cock, harder than she'd ever felt it before it throbbed in her grip. She let a large glob of saliva and Jupiter's delicious juices fall from her mouth right onto the thick, bulbous head of Rathgar's penis. He groaned loudly as she placed the tip against the entrance to Jupiter's fiery hole, continuing to lick the fairy's engorged clit as Rathgar slowly entered her. 

Jupiter sank down, impaling herself on Rathgar's man meat and gasping out into the night air. Shakara tore the wood nymph's dress apart and eagerly licked her C cup tits, swirling her tongue around the soft flesh, zeroing in on her little hard nipples and driving the bouncing Jupiter wild. 

One of Shakara's hands found its way down to Rathgar's coated balls, she squeezed and massaged them, feeling the warmth of a full load of cum inside them. Jupiter arced her back and planted her own lips on Rathgar's mouth, snaking her tongue between his lips with ferocious intensity. 

Shakara coaxed her lover on as he thrust up into Jupiter, "c'mon baby, I can feel these balls need to cum and I want to taste your jizz as it drips out of this sexy little minx." That was all it took for Rathgar, who bellowed out into the night as Jupiter sank down for the last time and ground down on the full length of the hard cock inside her. Shakara giggled as she felt Rathgar's balls lurch up and empty their hot, thick contents deep into Jupiter's womb. 

"God yes, baby fill me up," Jupiter pleaded as she felt Rathgar's warmth filling her pussy. Rathgar bit down on Jupiter's bare shoulder as he seemed to just keep cumming and cumming. Her tongue finding its way to Rathgar's large balls, Shakara licked them clean of Jupiter's sweet pussy juices. Moving up to the source, Shakara lay her tongue flat against the base of Rathgar's huge dick and placed her hand on Jupiter's ass. She gently urged the wood fairy up off the cock, tracing the way with her tongue so that as Jupiter popped off Rathgar's slightly softening dick her mouth and tongue were right there to clamp on the hairy pussy. 

Jupiter could feel Rathgar's cum oozing out of her and straight into the warrior woman's mouth and it turned her on like crazy. Shakara knew well the taste of Rathgar's thick cum, but this time, out of a wood nymph's pussy, there was also a taste that tingled her tongue all the way down to her feet, an electricity that made her feel connected to every tree, animal, stone and river in the forest. 

Jupiter clamped her hand against the back of Shakara's head and held it to her pussy as she slipped down onto the blanket that lay on the ground. "Don't stop licking me, I'm gonna cum". Shakara just simply mumbled her approval and dove even further into Jupiter's hairy twat, licking her clit and pushing fingers inside both her holes. With one finger in her ass and two fingers in her pussy, Jupiter could feel pulse after pulse of electric wave flood her body, shooting out of her pussy and into Shakara's inviting mouth. 

Rathgar sat and watched, the two hottest women he'd ever had the pleasure of pleasing enjoying each other in carnal desire. He cock quickly hardened in his hand and he stood up onto his knees, shuffling over behind Shakara. On her hands and knees her ass was all but calling to him. He dipped two fingers into her glistening pussy and wiped her juices over the head of his dick. Shakara groaned obscenely into Jupiter's pussy as Rathgar popped the head of his hard cock inside her tight ass. 

"Oh god yes fuck my ass baby!" Shakara cried out. Rathgar's rapid thrusts into her tight asshole had her face pressing into Jupiter's pussy each time.

"Fuck, don't stop I'm gonna cum again!" Jupiter pleaded as she once again pressed Shakara's face into her hairy pussy. 

In her tent Sweets moaned aloud as her delicate fingers stroked her hard clit to yet another orgasm. The thought of Rathgar's thick cock forcing its way into Shakara's tight ass as Jupiter came again all over the warrior woman's face was too much, and Sweets' pussy flooded out a thick torrent of juices as she listened to the other members of her traveling party pleasing each other. It really was the longest she'd gone without a hard cock to suck and fuck. The trip to Trans-Jasmina with her son was going to be a long trip indeed.