 I stared down at my masterpiece my eyes almost tearing up at the perfection of his marble like abs and then his face... Perfection incarnate sexy lips and deep set eyes, even his nose makes a shiver run up and down my spine. Not to mention that perfect cock that jutted up a good eight inches from where he lay on the floor of the walk in freezer. 

I shook my head at a momentary 'you are a freak' vibe that ran through me. I told myself there was nothing wrong with this, I made him and I could do what I liked. I felt a bit like Doctor Frankenstein when I looked at the finished product, all six foot of perfect ice sculptured man.

I cackled a bit to myself in my best Frankensteinian voice. And then I realized just how beautiful he was. The most gorgeous specimen of manhood. Now I just had to figure out what I wanted to do with him. 

I knew what I wanted to do with him..though the concept chilled me...and heated me up at the same time. The logistics of it weren't very sound. I knew he would melt and freeze me, but I just wanted to feel him once inside me. But then what if he broke off inside me, I had to figure out how to fix that. 

I ran from the room in search of the solution. I searched through my closet and found it, buried deep in a box of keep sakes. Not that it was much of a keep sake, I just remember tossing it into the box after that night. I ran back to the freezer and opened the little foil package, noting the name on it. Mr. Happy's Hat. I actually giggles as I slipped it over his ice cold cock.

This was the condom my mother had given me before my senior prom, it had never gotten any use and ended up saved in the back of a closet way past its expiration date. But it held some special significance for me...and also was the only condom in the household.

A sense of warmth spread through my fingers as I stroked his ice cold cock. I straddled him, my crotchless tights coming in handy for once as I let his stiff member slide inside of my hot slick passage. I had to be quick so he didn't start to melt.

He felt good inside me, not as invasive as I thought the unyielding ice would feel, he seemed to fit me perfect and I bit back a moan when I got him all the way inside. My hips ground into him, my eyes closing as I started to ride his cold cock. My hands stroked his ice cold abs as my pace sped up, feeling my body adjust to his temperature. 

I was being gentle as I bounced up and down but suddenly it seemed like he was thrusting back. My imagination went wild as I let myself keep my eyes closed and just imagine that he was real. I felt him twitch deep inside me and then thrust up to meet me. I decided I was losing my mind but this felt much to good to stop. I was so close now, never having felt anything quite like this. 

My mind was playing tricks on me but I held in position as his cock hammered up inside me. I was nearly over the edge when an ice cold hand stroked my clit sending me falling into screaming oblivion. 

I opened my eyes and looked down. My ice man was clearly no longer just a statue as he looked up at me with a self satisfied smirk and flipped me over to hammer away into me from above. His cock was perfect, and warm now, filling my in a way that no other man ever had. And he kissed me his pale lips meeting mine and sending waves of heat down to my cunt as another orgasm quickly built in this new position. 

I shut my mind down to stop it from questioning me as I felt his pace quicken, he bit his lips and met my eyes, ice blue orbs stared down at me as I came my heat stroking him as he cried out his own orgasm.

He looks down on me as he pants. And I take in his appearance. Flawless white skin and hair a shining silver. He looks the same as before and it is almost like I expected to see him alive, the sight surprises me so little. I felt as though I knew him, having seen to his creation so deeply. I knew every strand of his hair and every vein in his cock and he looked at me as though he knew me just as well.

"What...what did you do?" He asked me, his voice chilled but gorgeous and confused. "Why am I alive? What magic is this?" I shook my head and he looked himself over. He reached down to remove the condom and instantly he was an ice sculpture again and I hurried to put it back on him. He was alive after a second and he stared down at the condom.

"It must be magic...a magic...hat..." And I started to giggle. He laughed as well and leaned down to kiss me his lips meeting mine in a crash of ice and lust. 

"Well we better make the most of it before the magic runs out." I nodded my head and leaned in to kiss my beautiful creation. 

"Merry Fucking Christmas." I said as he leaned me back and plunged in once again. This was shaping up to be the best holiday ever.