 Before his accident, Fred Smith had been a mostly unfit young man with a healthy sexual appetite. Although his sexual contacts had been few and far between, he was a confident heterosexual and a great admirer of the female form.

He'd had a long look at the prosthetic body that he was going to be occupying, and he'd approved. It appeared fit and healthy, with a pleasing athletic shape and just enough of his original physical features to allow him to believe that it was his new "self." When the bio-pod that contained his brain was placed into the main trunk of that body, he took some time to admire his much-improved proportions, and he was certain that, after some time to adjust, he'd be having an improved sex life.

Now he watched in terror from his still-limbless body as his male nurse knelt under him, slowly stroking a throbbing eight-inch cock and looking down at him with a combination of lust and hunger.

There was a computer in his bio-pod that allowed Fred to interface wirelessly with local computer networks and to slip into a virtual reality to avoid sensations from his body, in case of emergency. Steve, his nurse, had over-ridden that computer's connections, leaving Fred trapped and unable to call for help. Steve had already demonstrated that he had a mastery over the simulated sexual responses of Fred's new body by forcing him to ejaculate twice, now... once through a prostate massage and oral stimulation so powerful to Fred's enhanced nervous system that it had almost driven Fred mad with the overly-intense pleasure of it.

He was helpless and at the mercy of a sexual predator. He didn't know when someone else from the hospital or even a random visitor would come by so he could yell for help; his only hope was to ride out the experience and pray his intellect survived it.

Steve scooted forward on the bed until his scrotum rested gently against Fred's, and continued to stroke his own cock. The soft contact of the intimate skin and the gentle motions brought a fresh wave of pleasant tingles to Fred's groin, and his cyber-cock started to rise once again.

"You don't have a sacral nerve cluster anymore," said Steve, as he watched the synthetic dick start to swell for the third time in less than an hour. "Just a very fast processor with a lot of RAM, packed with firmware that allows it to simulate the neural transmission of a sacral nerve cluster. Want to know why that's awesome?"

"Uh, sure," said Fred. He'd tried asking Steve to stop this sexual assault; he'd moved to begging and pleading, but the maniacal nurse seemed determined to take his sadistic pleasure from controlling Fred's repeated orgasms. Playing along was the only strategy left.

"In an organic male, the sacral nerve cluster fires off all of its neurotransmitters when you cum," said Steve. He released his cock, then scooped up Fred's semi-erection and held it against his own. The contact of the underside of Fred's cock to the underside of Steve's was another wave of pleasurable sensation, and Fred moaned lightly as Steve wrapped his soft fingers around both cocks and stroked them together.

"It takes a while for the sacral nerves to rebuild their supply of neurotransmitters, so they can start firing again. That's why, usually, it takes quite a while before you can get hard and engage in sexual activity again. Well, your mileage may vary, I suppose."

His stroking of their cocks was slow and sensual, stimulating Fred's biomechanical cock in all new ways. It rose to full prominence and began to throb against Steve's hardness, and the nurse groaned and increased the speed of the stroking a little bit.

"You, with your sacral processor? It doesn't take a computer any time at all to send a new set of signals up the leads to your brain. You don't have any refractory period... once you cum, you can cum again right away, if you get the right stimulation."

"Jesus," hissed Fred, as Steve's grip on their cocks tightened a little. It felt amazing, but it was the furthest thing from what Fred wanted. The information would be great to have, eventually, but he didn't want to be having sexual contact with another man, he didn't want another orgasm at the moment, and he didn't want to be the helpless toy if this maniac. His mind was conflicted and raging with emotion, but his cock was VERY hard.

"You could have opted for a bigger cock, you know," said Steve, as he looked down and compared their lengths. "I have a couple of inches on you, here, even if you're almost twice as wide as me. That's ok. Some people prefer wide. But if you ever want to, you can get this upgraded. I've seen them go as long as ten inches; anything more than that, and there's a big risk to any potential partners. Your cock is steel on the inside. It feels like it, too."

"Th... thanks," said Fred, the motors and synthetic muscles along his spine starting to unconsciously thrust his cock up through Steve's hand. He was leaking his cum-lube again from the stimulation, and it leaked between their cocks and made the erotic friction that much more intense.

Steve groaned again and sped up the stroking. "That's it, baby. Get into it. If you're not careful, you're going to make me cum too soon, and I DO have a refractory period. Shit, you're fucking hot."

Fred clamped his mouth shut and closed his eyes. Again, he could feel artificial tears dripping from the corners of his eyes. Steve reached up with his free hand and wiped one of the tears away.

"A much more dilute silicon solution than the one from your cock," he said, as he rubbed his thumb and fingertips together, feeling the consistency of the teardrop. "Careful about that, man... if you run yourself dry too fast, we'll have to stop and fill you up again. It all comes from the same supply."

In the depths of his tortured mind, Fred wondered if that meant he was crying cum, or ejaculating tears. Steve released their cocks and leaned back, looking down at Fred's throbbing artificial member.

"Now I want you to relax, Fred," he said, as he grabbed a pillow from next to Fred's head. He slid a hand under what would eventually be Fred's ass and lifted it off the bed, sliding a pillow under the back of Fred's waist. Fred slowly shook his head... he knew protesting wouldn't help, but he did NOT want what was coming next.

Steve ran his palm over the intensely sensitive tip of Fred's artificial cockhead, drawing a gasp from Fred and gathering a layer of Fred's cum-lube in his hand. He slowly stroked his throbbing cock with it, feeling the slickness along his eight-inch length.

"This would be harder if you had legs," said Steve. "Right now, your body is totally accessible in a way few bodies ever are. I can't tell you how sexy that is, to me."

He leaned forward, and brought the head of his cock to the perfectly smooth pucker of Fred's artificial anus. "I can't tell you, but I can show you. Relax, now."

"No," hissed Fred, unable to stop himself. It didn't help.

Steve leaned in, and slowly forced the head of his throbbing member into Fred's simulated asshole. Fred groaned from the sensation; again, it didn't, exactly, hurt. He couldn't feel pain, as it were. Instead, he felt the sensation of being stretched wide and slowly filled. If he had pain, it would have been a cramping, aching feeling. Instead, it was just the sensation of every inch of Steve's cock as it slowly penetrated him... every bump, ridge, and vein a different part of the sensation.

The nurse drove his hips forward, sinking his whole length into Fred's hot, tight, artificial rectum. The slickness of the cum-lube was the perfect lubrication, and he rested with his dick up Fred's ass, feeling the dilating sphincter contract rhythmically around the base of his cock in time with Fred's simulated pulse.

It was heaven.

Fred tried to focus on absolutely anything else, but the impulses from his improved artificial nervous system were vastly more intense than the nerve transmissions from his old organic body. He could feel absolutely everything more intensely, so the sensations of the anal violation was forced into his consciousness regardless of how he tried to distract himself or ignore it. He was being fucked in the ass, and there was nothing he could do but lay there and take it.

"Oh God, Fred, it's better than I ever imagined," said Steve, as he leaned forward and put his hands on either side of Fred's head. "Your ass is perfect... absolutely perfect..."

The tears poured from Fred's eyes as Steve drew partially out, then slowly forced his length back in. He started a slow fucking rhythm, taking his victim softly and gently, but completely. Fred felt a new sensation coming in alongside the feeling of the stretching and erotic friction... Steve's cock was rubbing along his prostate.

"GOD," said Fred, as the prostate stimulation made his artificial cock throb hard again. "No... not like this... please, NOT LIKE THIS..."

"Oh, yeah," said Steve, smiling. "I knew you'd love it too, baby. Your body is too perfect for this, just like it is. I just took your cherry, and it's gonna make you cum."

Steve started to fuck him faster, driving his hard eight inches up the synthetic butthole like a man possessed. He reamed out Fred's perfect little tight opening for a while, the stimulation of Fred's prostate making him leak a steady stream of cum-lube and bring him close to another hard orgasm.

Sweat dripped off the maniacal nurse as he force-fucked his helpless charge, taut muscles beginning to burn with the effort of the hard sex. Wide-eyed, he looked down into Fred's tortured face. "Do you need it, baby? Do you need me to make you cum again? It's ok... I need to cum too. You can ask for it... it's ok."

"God DAMN you," hissed Fred, his cock screaming for release. "YES... I need to cum... make me cum, please..."

Steve bent down even further and pressed his lips against Fred's. The motion also trapped Fred's lube-spilling cock between their bellies, the thrusting motion an exquisite friction along it. Fred's eyes snapped wide open as Steve's tongue invaded his mouth, and the stimulation of his cock took him over the edge.

He screamed his orgasm into Steve's open mouth, and the contractions of his artificial reproduction system rubbed and squeezed hard on Steve's cock up his ass. As Fred's ejaculations filled the spaces between their bodies with hot, sticky cum-lube, Steve cried out into Fred's mouth and fired spurt after spurt of cum into the helpless cyborg.

Steve's body trembled from the intense sensations and his quivering hips jackhammered his spurting cock up Fred's ass. He let the tight artificial hole milk him out completely, draining his aching balls and leaving him totally satisfied. Fred's cock couldn't soften with the additional stimulation, and it's possible that he had two massive orgasms in a row. His mind was overwhelmed with the sensations of it, and while his body was entirely capable of keeping his brain functioning in top condition, his mind sank into a gray mist of unconsciousness under the onslaught of the forced intense erotic sensation.

Slowly, Steve withdrew his cock from Fred's artificial rectum, panting from the effort of the sex. He leaned back and looked down at the strings and ropes of sticky cum-lube stretching between his belly and Fred's, then down to the dribble of his own cum leaking from Fred's asshole.

He looked up to see the vacant stare on Fred's cybernetic face, the completely neutral expression clearly displaying that Fred had lapsed into unconsciousness.

"You rest up," said Steve, fully aware that Fred wasn't hearing him, and not caring one bit. "I'll go get cleaned up again, then we'll clean you properly. And then, I think it'll be time to feed you... you've GOT to be just about empty by now."

He shuddered as his body recalled the incredible sensations of his orgasm, and smiled a too-broad smile. It was all so much better than he'd ever imagined it would be, and there was so much more time to see how good it could get!

To Be Continued