 Fred Smith had no idea what he had done to deserve the hell he had descended into. The less-than-fit young man had been a law-abiding citizen with a clean record and just a little penchant for occasionally taking stupid risks. He had a good job and, even though his social life was non-existent, he still managed to get out every so often to ride his hoverbike or go to a holo-movie every so often.

Then he'd gotten his hoverbike up to over two hundred miles an hour and wiped out on a tight corner. The accident had shredded his body, but the hospital was able to recover his intact brain thanks to a really good crash helmet, and now that brain occupied a prosthetic body designed to allow him to lead the rest of a normal and active life. It was a process, though; first his brain was placed in a bio-pod with a virtual reality generator and good network connections to help him adapt to life in prosthesis, and then the pod was installed into the prosthetic body. Well, it was installed into most of a prosthetic body...

The arms and legs of the body were on special order, still being produced to precise specifications. He occupied the core of the body; the head and torso. This way, he could get used to the new nerves and senses, and the physical therapy for adapting to the limbs would go much faster when they arrived. Having elected to convalesce at home, a live-in nurse was assigned to him that would help him with the simple maintenance, feeding, and other issues that Fred would need help with, having no limbs. That seemed like fairly standard procedure.

What was not standard procedure was for his male nurse to become obsessed with using the limbless cyborg as his helpless sex-toy, over-riding his VR and network connections to keep him from calling for help through the internet and constantly lecturing him on the functions of his new body even as he was forcing it to endure unwanted pleasures and violation. Steve seemed to find more and more sadistic pleasure in controlling the intricacies of Fred's cyborg cock and pleasure responses, and Fred had given up trying to resist. He was a helpless toy in the nurse's hands, and until someone else came to check in on him, there was nothing he could do about it.

Fred was once again propped up into a proper resting position with his head elevated, his pillows once more pleasantly stacked under his neck and shoulders, mostly covering up where his steel cranium had broken his headboard. Steve lifted a water bottle to his lips, carefully sliding the flexible straw-tip into his mouth.

"Still works the way you're used to," said Steve, nodding. "Just close your lips around the end and suck." Fred closed his eyes to focus on the action; he'd been talking and making facial expressions without thinking about it, but this took a little more focus. His mouth responded to his mental commands, but it wasn't exactly the same as before. It wasn't the same mouth, so that made sense.

He eventually got a good seal with the straw and drew in a few mouthfuls of water, which he gratefully swallowed. He wasn't, exactly, thirsty, but he had a strange feeling of depletion that the water seemed to fix. Eventually, he figured, he'd just recognize that as "thirst."

Steve nodded as Fred continued to drink. "It's amazing how much air plays a part in how you're functioning, now. A lot of the facial movement is done by having air forced into bladders under the skin; it looks REALLY natural, and it seems to be doing a really good job with the lip function." He shifted as he sat on the edge of the bed, wearing only a towel after his second shower of the evening. "And while you're producing your voice electronically with some really good speakers in a resonance chamber in your throat, you DO have something like a set of lungs that's allowing you to build up pressure and negative pressure so you can blow and suck." He chucked to himself in a way that Fred did not like.

"Also helps with the metabolic simulation; you get the feeling of breathing, even though you don't strictly need to anymore." He noted that the water bottle was empty and set it aside. "Heck, if you weren't producing analog bodily fluids, you wouldn't even need to eat and drink."

Fred just nodded, absorbing the information. Even if it was being given to him by the man that had him as a sexual prisoner in his own body, it was still good to know. Steve unwrapped what looked like a candy bar. "Open up," he said, leaning in.

Fred opened his mouth, and Steve slid the end of the food bar into his mouth. "Go ahead, bite and chew. Just like you remember."

The bar tasted like chocolate and crunched like a cracker, and Fred enjoyed the first meal he had since his accident. He'd swallowed it before he realized he didn't know how to swallow. Steve noted the action and slid another inch of the bar into Fred's mouth.

"These bars are mostly supplements for your analog fluids," he said. "The silicone and other components for your tears, saliva, and semen. You won't sweat... analog sweat-glands would have left no room for the nerve-endings, and they figured it was a lot more important for you to be able to feel from your skin than it was for you to sweat. I'd say they were right."

Fred just kept chewing and swallowing, biting down on every bite Steve put into his mouth.

"There won't be a lot of waste from this; the flavor coating, mostly. You can eat anything you want, basically; you just won't process it all. Once it mixes with your analog saliva and gets chewed into a bolus and swallowed, it pretty much won't change all the way out. Eliminating your waste will take a little getting used to, but it'll work pretty much the way it always has."

He fed the last bite of bar into Fred's waiting mouth, and watched as the helpless cyborg chewed and swallowed the last bit. He had not been, exactly, hungry... it was just that same feeling of depletion. That feeling was gone, now, and Fred unconsciously relaxed a little.

"That's going to take just a few minutes to process in your guts," said Steve, as he gathered up the wrappers and bottles. "Then you'll have a fresh set of bodily fluids, all set to go."

Fred just watched the nurse as he moved around his bedroom. There was nothing he could say to stop the man from doing whatever he wanted to the cyborg; he'd tried reasoning with him, pleading with him, even begging. Nothing had stopped Steve from forcing him to cum numerous times, and then forcing his cock up Fred's synthetic ass. The man in the prosthetic body dreaded what came next; would the maniacal nurse ever sleep?

When Steve turned back around, he had an odd tool in his hand; a cross between a screwdriver and an Allen wrench. "I need to make one adjustment, though. Open wide for me."

Fred tilted his head back and opened his mouth, hoping this was the last bit of attention that Steve was going to give him tonight. Though his body registered no fatigue, his mind was stressed and tired and he wanted to try to sleep. Steve knelt next to him on the bed and slipped the tool into a socket at the back of Fred's gum line. For a moment, Fred was afraid the tool would gag him, but the reflex seemed to be missing in this body.

Then there was a "click," and Steve withdrew the tool, smiling. Fred tried to close his mouth, but his jaw would not respond!

"Just temporary," said Steve, as he set the tool aside. "It's a safety-catch for when adjustments need to be made to your teeth or tongue. Makes your jaw free-rotating instead of connected to the analog muscles." He reached up to Fred's chin and worked the jaw up and down, giggling a little. "You did very well biting on things, but I don't want you to bite the next thing I put in your mouth."

Fred really should have known better, but it wasn't like he'd had much of a choice. If he'd have refused to open his mouth, Steve would just have forced him to another painful, overly-sensitive orgasm or done something else horrible to his body. Fred closed his eyes as Steve stood up and dropped his towel, his cock rising again.

"I know you don't want this. I know you don't want any of this," said Steve, as he straddled Fred's chest. The head of his eight-inch cock rested on Fred's chin. "It's ok, though. You will. By the time your arms and legs get here, you'll like it all. You'll like absolutely everything we do together, and it'll only get better. You'll see."

He took his throbbing member in his hand and brought it to Fred's obscenely open mouth. He rubbed the head of it over the silicone lips, and shuddered from the pleasure of their life-like texture. "You can't bite down, but you can still move your face... your lips. I could just fuck your throat, you know... you can't stop me. But I'll go easy on you, this time, if you'll just do what I say."

With his free hand, he reached behind Fred's head and got a grip on his life-like hair. "Do what I say, and suck me until I cum, and that'll be all for tonight." He slid the head of his cock over the tip of Fred's tongue. Fred didn't like how it tasted.

"Or you could resist me, or try to just lie there and take it," said Steve. "And if you do that, I'll spend all night doing things to your dick. Maybe fuck you again. You get to choose. A blowjob and then done, or cumming all night long. What do you want, Fred?"

Fred just looked up at him; it wasn't so much defeat as a certain type of resignation. With Steve's cockhead resting on his tongue, he nodded.

Steve's grip on his hair tightened; Fred was glad he couldn't feel anything but a pressure there.

"Pucker up and suck, baby. Move that tongue a little."

Fred hadn't ever really gotten head before; he'd had a sexual encounter or two, but never with a woman that felt like going down on him. He'd always hoped he'd find someone who would do that to him, but then there was the accident. Fresh silicone tears starting to form at the corners of his eyes, he puckered his lips around Steve's invading cock, and started to lick his tongue back and forth across the underside of it. Just like with the straw, he started to suck.

The contraction of the bladders behind his lips drew his jaw to a more closed position, holding Steve's cock gently in his mouth, but it wouldn't be nearly enough to bring his teeth together. He could suck, but he couldn't bite. Fred started to wonder if his body was actually designed to be used the way Steve was using it.

Steve softly moaned and pulled Fred's head closer, sliding more of his cock into the hot, moist artificial mouth. "Just like that... I knew you'd be good at this." He slid a few inches into Fred's mouth then pulled back, starting out slow. He used Fred's hair as a handle, and started to guide the cyborg's head back and forth as he gently slid his cock in and out and set up a nice, slow fucking rhythm.

The nurse gently thrust his hips, driving his cock a little deeper. Again, about the point where Fred was sure he'd gag, the reflex completely failed to kick in. Steve chuckled as the slightly confused look in Fred's eyes.

"No gag reflex, baby," he said. "Just like there's no pain receptors. You're just lucky I like to start out slow. That's ok... we'll get to the rough stuff. I know you like the rough stuff."

Fred tried to shake his head "no" with a mouth-full of cock, but Steve just smiled down at him and kept slowly fucking his mouth. The maniacal nurse seemed to be having the time of his life.

Soon, he started to thrust a little faster, pulling Fred's head forward and back with greater speed and urgency. The head of his cock slid down Fred's throat, and Fred's eyes widened as his air was cut off!

"Ungh... yeah, like that," said Steve, as he started to thrust his cock in and out of Fred's tight artificial throat. "You know... when it's some little twink or a college kid, I tell them to breathe through their nose and stuff like that. It doesn't really help much, but it gives 'em something to focus on. They can breathe a little bit, 'cause I pull out far enough. But you?"

He groaned again, scooted forward on Fred's chest and started to roughly throat-fuck the helpless, limbless man. "YEAH... you can take it. You CAN breathe, but you don't NEED to. You're not going to pass out on me like the others... you're in this for the long haul!"

Fred's artificial "lungs" strained to get air into his system past the cock thrusting down his throat, but nothing was coming. His eyes went wide and tears started to pour down his cheeks; what the hell was going to happen? It didn't, exactly, hurt to have his air cut off, but there was a feeling of impending doom. He could remember times where he couldn't breathe right in the past, and he remembered the panic. He remembered lungs that ached for air, vision slowly going gray as he struggled for breath. 

These lungs didn't ache, though. There was a sense of futility, to be sure, but his vision didn't cloud or gray. The lack of air was a mechanical inconvenience in a piece of window-dressing. He truly didn't need to breathe.

Being force-fucked down the throat by the nurse was a psychologically traumatizing experience, but not a physically damaging one. Fred wasn't sure if the realization made him feel better or worse.

Steve grabbed Fred's head in both hands and started to grunt and groan, panting hard as he fucked Fred's mouth and throat. The tight slickness of the artificial skin and mucous membranes, lubricated by a more dilute solution of silicone than the cum lube, was exquisite against his throbbing cock. As his balls slapped into Fred's chin again and again, Steve started to tremble.

"Take it, Fred baby... take it ALL!" he yelled, as he fired his hot sticky cum straight down Fred's throat. He yelled from the sheer sensation of it, hips slamming forward into Fred's face as he came harder than he could ever remember an orgasm being.

Panting and gasping from the exertion, Steve released Fred's head and wiped the silicone tears away with his thumbs. "You'll ask for that, Fred. You'll ask for my cum down your throat, and we won't have to unlock your jaw for it. That's a little ways away, but I know you will. I'm going to make you love me, Fred, and you're going to be mine forever."

Fred looked up into the eyes of the maniacal nurse, and he saw no signs of remorse or pity; he saw devotion and insanity in terrible combination, and the depth of his situation sank in. This was going to be his life; his entire enhance, extended life. He could still experience a sinking feeling around his "heart" at the realization that Steve was going to make him into a helpless sex toy even when the limbs arrived, and there was nothing he could do to stop it.

That's when the outer door of the apartment was smashed in by four security guards in hospital uniforms. Steve scrambled to get off of Fred, but he was still half-straddling the limbless cyborg when one of the security guards grabbed the naked nurse by his shoulder and slammed him face-down to the ground next to the bed.

"NO! LEAVE US ALONE! WE'RE HAPPY! STOP!" yelled Steve, as the guard pulled his wrists behind him and bound them with zip-ties. Before he could be dragged out, one of the doctors from the hospital was at the bedside, running an electronic instrument over Fred's chest.

"Mister Smith? We stopped receiving notifications from your system several hours ago. Are you all right?"

Fred tried to speak, but it was a hollow garble without a closing jaw. The doctor examined Fred's mouth, then took a copy of the same tool Steve had used out of his white coat's pocket, slid it into Fred's mouth, and re-engaged the jaw.

"Is that better?" asked the doctor, as he pocketed his tool.

"Thank you," said Fred, tears pouring down his cheeks. "Thank you... he was... he did things to me. To my penis and my... he..."

The doctor put a reassuring hand where Fred's shoulder was going to be. "When the updates from your bio-pod stopped coming in, we tried to call the nurse. When he didn't answer his phone, security triggered the microphone so we could determine what your situation was. We don't know all of it, but we know enough. You're safe now; I'll re-engage your networks, and we'll get you another nurse..."

"No," said Fred. "Take me back to the hospital; just take care of me there. I never want to see this place again, and I'm never having a nurse in my home again. Hospital."

The doctor nodded; they were going to have some work to do. Not only did they have a psychologically traumatized patient to counsel, they also had a massive legal issue to endure. This was going to be expensive.