 Rathgar groaned in pleasure, his muscular arms wrapping around Shakara's toned body. Both of them warriors, Rathgar's and Shakara's muscles rippled and flexed as their bodies slammed together over and over again. 

Shakara faced the wall of the tiny cottage, her hands pressed firmly against it as Rathgar penetrated her from behind. Her long, blonde hair, usually tied into a tight braid to signify her female warrior status, hung wild and disheveled in front of her beautiful, twisted face. Armor hung from her body, Rathgar had not had the patience to remove it fully. Her breastplate clanged against her stomach with every thrust as her marvelous, 36DD tits bounced heavily on her chest. "Oh yes, that's it! Fuck me hard, fuck me with that big, warrior cock!" she begged. 

The two warriors had just finished clearing a village of a horde of Ogres who had taken over, enslaving the townspeople and eating all of the food stores. Word had gotten to Rathgar and Shakara and the two set out find the village and rid it of the Ogre menace. 

It was a grand day, Rathgar himself had dispatched twenty Ogres, Shakara had taken care of fifteen, herself. The two had cleared the village in an hour and a half, no time at all when it comes to battle. Of course, some time had to be spent afterwards accepting the praise of the newly freed villagers. Gifts were bestowed, although not much had been left for the villagers from the dispatched Ogres, and both Rathgar and Shakara had politely refused to take what little the villagers had left. A fresh, hot bath and a cabin to rest in, was all the two warriors had asked. 

And, of course, the cabin was used for Rathgar and Shakara's traditional post-battle celebration, namely, Rathgar slamming his 9 inch cock over and over again into Shakara's tight, wet, rather hairy pussy. 

In the Kingdom of Coleopterra, only whores shaved their pussy hair, so that they may easier clean themselves between the multitudes of paying partners they receive in a given day. It was a symbol of Shakara's warrior status and her ability as a strong, independent female to choose her own mate that her pubic hair was fully grown out, covering her mound in soft tufts of amber. 

Now her pubic hair was sticky with pussy juice as Rathgar penetrated her. Slamming in and out of her wet folds, hitting all the right spots, Rathgar gripped her hips tightly and pulled her ass back against each thrust. Rathgar's chest was huge and chiseled, dripping with sweat in his lust. His arms and legs were bulging with muscles; his short hair and small beard framed his thick but attractive face. The long, black leather coat he usually wore over his armor had been chucked to the floor. Metal armor lay in a pile around his feet. Male armor was much easier dispatched, Shakara's was much more difficult to remove, hence why it still hung from her body. 

Rathgar's pace quickened as he neared his climax. Shakara's pussy always seemed to make his cock erupt in a huge load of cum. His face twisted as he moaned, pulling his cock the entire length out of her pussy before slamming it back into her as deep as he could, again and again and again. Shakara looked back over her shoulder at his twisted face, loving the way it scrunched up as his eyes rolled back. His cock pistoning at a rapid pace, Shakara's pussy clamped down as she came from his thrusts. A flood of her sweet pussy juices flowed around his cock as his balls lifted and exploded, his hot cream shooting into her insides. 

Pulling out his softening cock, Rathgar slumped onto a chair next to the standing Shakara. He wiped the sticky juices of both himself and his warrior mate off his cock with his hand, in turn wiping his hand on his tattooed stomach. The words "Peace in Death" were written in old script across his six pack in an arcing pattern. 

Shakara climbed onto his lap, straddling his legs. She brought her face down to his, pressing her lips against his. Wrapping his strong arms around her slender body, the two embraced in a loving kiss. Their tongues danced and dueled, moaning softly into each other's mouths. Shakara snaked her finger down between her legs, dipping it deep into her sticky, hairy pussy. After working it in and out a few times she brought it to her own mouth, backing just slightly off of the kiss. Rathgar watched as she licked her finger clean of the mix of his and her cum. He growled slightly, staring deep into the eyes of the woman he loved. His large cock twitched with the beginning of another massive erection.

A loud knock at the door jolted the two lovers out of their erotic coupling. "What?!" Rathgar roared as Shakara climbed off of his lap.

A small, thin voice hesitantly spoke through the door. "A feast has been prepared in honor of your triumph over the Ogres. Whenever the two of you would like to join us, the townspeople are waiting to show their appreciation." 

Shakara began to tie her armor back onto her slim body, now glistening with sweat. Rathgar stood and grabbed her wrists, forcing her roughly onto the table until she was sitting on it with her legs draped over the edge. Grabbing his now, once again, rock hard cock in his hand, he stepped between her legs and jammed his cock back where it belongs. Shakara called out a very loud "Oh!" as he once again began pounding her mercilessly, knocking the table against the wall of the small cabin again and again in an answer to the invitation. Shakara could only moan and beg as her pussy was relentlessly filled. 

The people of Aleksiya had gathered around the cabin, no longer able to contain their excitement at being able to talk with and to thank the two warriors who had saved their town. Now, however, all they could do was stand there quiet and listen to the grunts and pounding echoing out of the cabin. The men couldn't help their cocks from swelling as they listened to the beautiful Shakara cry out in pleasure, "Fuck me, baby, give me that hard cock!"

Inside the cabin, Shakara leaned back on the table, her hand on the back of Rathgar's neck, her eyes locked on his as he slammed his cock into her amber haired pussy. Warm, creamy juices dripped down Shakara's thighs with each thrust. The creaking of the table legs got louder and louder as Rathgar neared his climax. 

Suddenly, the table leg closest to the door splintered in half with a loud crack. The table began to crumple, Shakara felt herself begin to fall with it, but with the speed of a battle hardened warrior, Rathgar dipped down as he thrusted into Shakra, lifting her off the crumbling table and turning her, his cock wedged deep in her pussy as he slammed her against the wall. She came immediately around his cock, milking it as her legs wrapped around his waist to hold herself up. Her legs pulled him in tightly as she felt his cock also swell and explode into her pussy. 

Hot cum flooded Shakara's vaginal walls, forcing its way deep inside her. Rathgar breathed deeply as his balls pumped his huge load out of his cock. He buried his face in her neck, planting small kisses up and down it, tasting her sweet sweat. Slowly, he pumped his cock into her pussy a few more times, gently ensuring that every drop of his cum found it's way into her. 

Shakara kissed her lover as she released her legs from around his waist, gingerly stepping down onto them as they shook from the intense fucking she had just received. Rathgar pulled his cock out of her with a wet sound. Shakara kneeled down and lovingly cleaned it of both of their juices, taking it in her mouth and gently licked the remnants of their love-making into her mouth, swallowing it down. Rathgar shuddered as her tongue cleaned his now very sensitive dickhead. This was perhaps his favorite part of all their love-sessions, as he greatly enjoyed staring down into her loving eyes as she gently cleaned his cock. 

Once every inch of his cock and his large, shaved balls were licked clean, Shakara stood and began to refasten her clothes and armor. Her golden breastplate, made personally for her and her 36DD tits by the best goldsmith in all of Coleopterra, still hung from her neck, yet had been loosened during the onset of Rathgar. She placed it back over her tits, tightening the straps so that it pressed her tits together producing copious cleavage. The gold metal, reinforced underneath with steel, was designed as two leaves covering her breasts. Below her breasts, the metal curved to either side, revealing her smooth, flat stomach, attaching to her lower armor at the sides of her hips. The back was non-existent, the smallest of ties holding it in place. If an enemy happened to get behind her, she simply relied on her sexy, muscular back and amazing, tight ass to distract him long enough for her to turn around and slice his head off. 

Her lower armor, chain mail if you could even call it that, was even more revealing. A simple patchwork of golden links pressed tightly into her toned legs, leaving most of the golden flesh available to the eye of the beholder. Her sweet, hairy pussy covered only with a small brown thong, tufts of hair stuck out the sides and out the top of it. Knee length, light brown leather boots and a golden headband completed her outfit. A long, curved sword hung on her hip. 

Rathgar pulled his own black, leather pants up his tree trunk legs, fastening them at his waist with a silver buckle. On his massive upper body he wore an interlinked shirt of shining, silver plates, each fastened to the other with loose ball bearings, so that it was completely flexible, not stiff or slowing him down when he would fight. It covered his chest, back, shoulders and upper arms. Over his armor he wore a long black leather, sleeveless trench coat which draped down to his black leather boots. A massive broadsword sat in a sheath with he looped over his trench coat to rest high on his back. He fixed his short black hair in a small mirror, then planted a loud, full handed slap on Shakara's ass, leaving a red hand print as they opened the door to greet the public. "Asshole." She said with a smile over her shoulder as they stepped outside. 

The gathered crowd erupted in a cheer of thanks at the two well-fucked warriors appeared in the daylight. Hats and other items of clothing flew into the air. Rathgar and Shakara smiled broadly at the townspeople. The thanks and admiration weren't the main goals of the two warriors, but it was certainly nice to feel appreciated. 

The town magistrate, obvious from his clothing that was easily worth four times that which anyone else in the town of Aleksiya was wearing, stepped forward to be the first to greet Rathgar and Shakara. He bowed deeply before beckoning them to follow him through the crowd, which split before him. He stopped before a large wooden table in the center of the town. On it was what was probably every scrap of gold or coins the townspeople had left, which was really not very much. A few bags of gold and silver coins, some scrap metal, and all of the large, oversized swords and weapons they had taken off the dead Ogres after Rathgar and Shakara had retreated to the cabin. The two lovers looked at each other with slight frowns. There was no way they were going to take the rest of the town's valuables with them. 

Rathgar walked up to the food laid out on the large, long table. There wasn't much, one scrawny pig that had been hastily roasted on a spit, a pathetic excuse for an apple shoved in its filthy mouth. 

"Please accept this feast we have prepared, and take this gold with you on your travels. It is the least we can do after you have saved us from the Ogres!" the town magistrate motioned for the two to sit down. 

Rathgar looked to Shakara, who answered his gaze with a slow nod. Rathgar picked up a piece of gold from the table, crudely fashioned into a small cup. He turned it over in his large hands, studying it, before turning and tossing it into the crowd. The farmers and children swarmed around it until one man came up with it in his possession.

Despite the horrified look on the magistrate's face, Rathgar smiled broadly at him. "We have no need for trinkets, a small meal is all we require." 

"And wine." Shakara chimed in. 

The village may have been incredibly poor, but they sure knew how to throw a party. Rathgar and Shakara sat at a small table up on a raised stage in the center of the town, although soon after wolfing down their food they were up and moving around, chatting with the townspeople and dancing around the campfire. The wine was flowing freely, and both them and the townspeople were getting more and more marinated as the night went on. 

At one point, Rathgar found himself dancing among several beautiful women. His armor had been long since discarded, he wore only his tight leather pants, no shirt, his bare, massive chest and chiseled abs out on display. The women around him were dancing closer and closer to him with each passing second, closing in on him and pressing their soft, tight bodies against him. A brunette with long flowing hair backed her bubbly ass up against his crotch, reaching up and caressing his face as she ground against him. A stacked blonde came up behind him and pressed her large tits against his back, grabbing his hips, her hands getting dangerously close to his growing cock. Two more blondes approached either side of the huge warrior, each slipping under his strong arms and stroking his chest. 

The blonde under his right arm leaned up and held her face inches from Rathgar's own face, so close that he could feel her sweet breadth on his lips. Just as he was about to lean in for a kiss, she turned and locked lips with the brunette who was still thrusting her ass back against his crotch. His cock pulsed in his pants, pressing against her backside as he had a front row seat to the two beautiful women making out heavily, their tongues obviously dueling in and out of each other's mouths. 

As Rathgar groaned and watched the two beauties, the blonde from behind him snaked her hand into his pants and grasped his now hard cock in her small hand, squeezing it slowly, teasingly. Impossibly, it grew even harder at her touch. She leaned up on her tip toes and whispered into his ear, "we were hoping to bring you back to our tent."

The blonde under his left arm leaned up and whispered into his other ear, "to thank you for being such a strong warrior and saving all of us. We're so grateful." She pressed her lips against his and sucked his tongue into her mouth, sliding her lips up and down it like a cock. Rathgar was in no position to argue.

As the four women led Rathgar off the dance floor, he glanced over his shoulder at Shakara. She had her own collection of male suitors gathering around her, most of the bigger, tougher seeming farmers of the town were attempting to garner her attention. Rathgar flashed her a broad smile, she glanced at the four women leading him away and licked her lips. There was no jealousy in the two warrior lovers' relationship, only lust, for flesh and for blood. 

Rathgar entered a small tent on the outskirts of the town. Away from the noise and the people, everything seemed to move in slow motion as the four, sexy women moved around him. Two of the blondes began undressing each other, each slowly stripping the other of robes, revealing the soft, bronze flesh underneath. The brunette dropped to her knees before Rathgar as the third blonde behind him wrapped her arms around to his front, massaging and teasing his chest and stomach. The blonde began kissing and licking at his stomach tattoo, leaving a light trail of saliva as she moved around it. 

The brunette kissed his neck as she wrapped her hands around his bulging biceps, squeezing them and pulling his arms back, guiding his hands to her own nether regions. Rathgar easily moved her skirt up and aside to delve his fingers into her shaved pussy, slipping them into the warm wetness of her sex. She groaned as he began to thrust them in and out of her. His cock pulsed in his pants as the blonde moved her face down onto his crotch, pressing herself eagerly against his hardness. 

The two blondes that were kissing, now naked, broke off and came to either side of Rathgar, gently easing him into a sitting position on a pile of cushions in the corner of the tent. The blonde who was kissing his stomach gripped onto his pants and tugged them down in a frantic hurry to free his tremendous cock from its confines. It sprang up into the air, throbbing with the speed of his heartbeat. Her mouth immediately latched onto it, sucking it deep. Rathgar's eyes rolled back into his head in immense pleasure. 

Each of the other blondes took one of his hands and led its way around her body, allowing him to squeeze their tits and feel the wetness of their shaved pussies. The brunette lowered her own bald pussy onto his face, settling her nether lips down on his tongue and mouth, grinding gently on it as she dripped into his mouth and chin her sweet juices. 

Rathgar could only groan into the brunette's pussy as his cock was licked and sucked with extravagant intensity. He could feel the woman's tongue moving up and down his hardness, tasting every vein. Suddenly, he felt her mouth sink down to the base of his cock, her throat squeezing the head. A warm tongue snaked out to lick the balls, then slurped its way up the shaft as her mouth twisted up his cock. The wet tongue then swirled around the head as the lips suctioned their way off the tip of his cock with a loud pop. Rathgar's eyes flashed open upon feeling this, he had only known one woman to use this move when sucking his dick. 

The eyes of Jupiter looked up at Rathgar from his crotch, warm and inviting. A smile spoken of for its wonderous beauty across the realm stretched across her face, showing her perfect teeth. "hey love" she said, his cock resting against her lips. Jupiter was a wood fairy, protector of nature and beauty. Born with innate magic, intense beauty, and an older soul than most anyone else known to man, Jupiter wore her soft brown hair in a short buzzcut, shorter than most men even. In her ears were wooden plug spirals. She went back to work on Rathgar's hard cock, which seemed to swell even larger in her mouth as she swallowed the full length of it. 

"Hey yourself." Rathgar answered, then closed his eyes and laid his head back, enjoying the blowjob from the best head doctor he had ever known. He didn't even notice that the other women had apparently disappeared, so lost was he in the intense pleasure Jupiter was providing him. Rathgar knew her mouth well from his many trips deep into the woods where Jupiter resided. And every time she sucked his cock it was an experience that seemed to trump all others. 

"What are you..." Rathgar grunted in a furious need to thrust his cock deeper into her mouth. He reached down and stroked her cheek, causing Jupiter to smile as best she could with such a big, hard cock lodged in her throat. Her own hand came up and gripped the base, squeezing it. Spit dribbled out down to his balls, slickening her hand as it slowly began to twist up the shaft. Her mouth again came up off of his dick. 

"Yes?" 

"What are you doing here?" Rathgar had only ever seen Jupiter deep within the forests, never close to other humans and certainly not within a village such as this.

"I'm sucking your cock until you shoot that big load of delicious cum all over my face," Jupiter answered with a hint of playfulness in her voice. She then raised her mouth up over his dick and let a big glob of spit drip slowly out of her mouth onto the head. Her hand came up and worked the warm saliva onto the length, jacking up and down from base to tip. 

"That's not what I...ok." Fuck it, Rathgar could figure out what she wanted later. For now, he just needed to cum and give this cumslut fairy what she wanted. He could feel that load building in his balls. His hand moved to the back of her head and pulled her mouth down onto those balls, swollen and shaved. Her hand never stopping its motion, her tongue bathed his balls, licking every inch of them, leaving a slimy trail of spit. "Oh shit, that's it," Rathgar moaned. Her hand started jacking his cock faster at his confirmation. 
