 Authors Note: I've recently been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes which affected my ability to write stories on my iPhone. My vision has now stabilized and I'm back to writing.

Also, this storyline was initially meant to be non erotic, but has evolved with an increasing amount of science fiction. I've yet to decide whether or not to include sexual activity, but if I feel it's necessary to further the story, then I will incorporate it.

Hugs and kisses, Kantarii

+++++++Chapter 2+++++++

The sound of a wooden door slamming shut reverberates through Ethan's office, rattling the pictures on the wall. Anger culminates within him; his face begins to turn red. After a long, deep breath, he collapses in his leather chair and exhales.

Seconds feel like eternity as he waits for Brett to vacate listening range. Soon, his frustration reaches a breaking point. He whips the back of his hand across his desk, slinging stuff into the floor.

"What a fucking dick! It'll take all evening to do that report."

Suddenly, there's a knock on the office door.

"Come in," Ethan summons, pushing a button on his desk.

"Is everything alright," Karen asks, leaning her head through the doorway.

"Yeah," he mumbles, rubbing his forehead.

"What happened in here," she asks, noticing the mess on the floor.

"You don't want to know," he says.

"I'm leaving early."

"That's fine," he says, gesturing his hand.

"Do you need anything before I leave?"

"Where did they take Amber," he asks.

"They took her down to the 3rd floor."

"I need to ask her a few more questions," he says.

"Brett's going to transfer her tomorrow."

"Fuck," he blurts.

"Is something wrong?"

"No, he's just making my job difficult," he says.

"Is there anything else, Ethan?"

"I should be okay, Karen."

"Well, I'll see you tomorrow," she says, closing the door behind her.

When Karen's gone, Ethan opens a drawer, takes out his notepad and reads over some of his notes. Then, he sifts through the books on the shelves searching for some information on aggressive mimicry. Unable to find what he's looking for, he sits down at his desk and turns on the computer.

Hours pass as he leaps from one web page to the next. As he skims through various articles, something catches his eye - a beautiful pink and white orchid mantis. His mind churns as he studies images of the alluring, alien-like insect. After jotting down a few quick notes, he replays the video of Amber's interview, looking for anything out of the ordinary. Towards the end, he notices a blur.

"What the -," he mumbles, rewinding the video.

Over and over, he rewatches the segment, staring at the screen. Then, out of curiosity, he plays it in slow motion and sees Amber taking the ink pen off his desk. 

"I didn't see that happen."

Eventually, fatigue from a long work day wears on his mind. He rubs his eyes, then glances at his watch; sighing.

"Brett's report can fucking wait."

Suddenly, Amber's strange language begins to echo inside his head, then unsettling images of her begging for help wander into his mind. As his discontent grows, conflicting thoughts about his obligations start playing tug-of-war with his humanity. Perhaps it's his attraction to her that pulls the hardest. 

He turns off the computer and tears the page of notes from his notepad, stuffing it into his pocket. Then, he opens a desk drawer, grabs a flat headed screwdriver and storms out of his office. His pace quickens as he passes the reception area, heading into the outer waiting room.

Movement triggers motion detectors once he opens the main office door. Once he places the palm of his hand on a high-tech scanner, a spherical security drone the size of a bowling ball descends from the ceiling. Hovering above the floor, it begins to gyrate while hundreds of tiny laser lenses create a realistic hologram of a security guard. As it takes shape, the lights dim and simulated sounds of heavy footsteps reverberate in the darkened hallway.

"Dr. Ethan Thomas," the security guard greets, approaching Ethan.

"That would be me," Ethan says.

"You're the last occupant on this floor."

"So it would seem," he mumbles, heading for the elevator.

Artificial intelligence scans Ethan, processing vital information while it follows him to the elevator.

"Your heart rate is slightly elevated and you're carrying a metallic object."

"I locked my keys in my vehicle," he lies.

"Would you like some assistance?"

"I can manage on my own," he says, pressing a button to summon the elevator.

"Once you leave, this floor will be inaccessible until tomorrow morning."

"Whatever."

Seconds later, the elevator doors open. Once Ethan steps inside and pushes the button for the 3rd. floor, the hologram disappears. As the doors close, the drone flies away, fading into the shadows.

Adrenaline courses through his veins while the elevator begins its descent. Before it comes to a stop, he opens the escape hatch in the roof. After the doors open, he scans the immediate area, making sure no one is watching. Then, he wedges the screwdriver inside the doorway, keeping them open.

Sounds of chatter nearby arouses his curiosity as he makes his way to the end of the hallway. At the intersection, he leans his head around the corner, observing two security guards at a desk. After assessing the situation, he quietly retreats back up the corridor.

Formulating an escape plan, he takes a empty metal trash can from a nearby office and puts it inside a cleaning closet. He fills it with dirty rags, dry sponges, a few empty plastic bottles, and crumpled paper. After setting it on fire, he closes the door. While the confined space fills with smoke, he heads to the security desk.

"Just admit it, Tim."

"Why are you bugging me about her, Mike?"

"Because there's nothing better to talk about."

"Okay - okay - I would."

"I - knew it," Mike says, slapping his hand on his the desk.

"Excuse me, fellas," Ethan says, approaching the desk.

"Can we help you," Mike asks, sliding his feet off the desk.

"I need to speak to Amber," Ethan says.

"I'm going to need clearance first," Mike says, reaching for the phone.

"You're going to disturb Brett - at this hour," Ethan inquires.

"Got - to have - some balls - to do that," Tim teases.

"Let me see your ID instead," Mike says.

"Hahaha..." Tim chuckles. "No balls at all."

"It'll only take a few minutes," Ethan promises, surrendering his badge.

While Mike inspects the badge, Ethan casually glances at the security monitors, making some mental notes.

"What brings you down here this late at night," Tim asks, uncrossing his arms.

"I'm trying to finish a report for Brett," Ethan says, leaning up against the counter. "Besides it doesn't look like y'all are busy."

"Yup, all the boredom without the perks," Tim quips.

"I wouldn't consider dying a benefit," Ethan jokes.

"Everything checks out, Dr. Thomas," Mike says, handing the badge back to him.

"Thanks," Ethan says, hooking it on his belt.

"I'll buzz y'all in, Tim."

"Why do I have to go," Tim protests.

"Because the bitch gives me the creeps," Mike says.

"You were just talking about -" Tim begins.

"Just go," Mike interrupts, gesturing his hand, "unless you want to program the drones."

"That sounds too much like work," Tim quips, rising from his chair.

"Am I missing something," Ethan asks.

"Don't let Tim fool you," Mike whispers. "He's been hinting about wanting to tap her ass all evening."

"I heard that," Tim says, glancing back over his shoulder. "This way, Dr. Thomas."

When Mike disengages the electronic locks, Ethan follows Tim through the door. As they make their way down the desolate hallway, it closes and locks behind them. 

"This is the first time I've seen this area of the building," Ethan says, peeking inside empty rooms as he passes.

"This is just a detention area, nothing special," Tim explains.

"The less I know, the better."

At the end of the hallway, Tim pauses beside a metal door and peers through a tiny peephole. Then, he places the palm of his hand on the high- tech scanner, unlocking the door.

"She's standing by the window," Tim mentions.

"Probably bored to death," Ethan quips.

Freezing cold air gushes from the room once the metal door is opened.

"You have a visitor," Tim announces.

There's no response from Amber - just silence, prompting Tim to enter the room.

"Amber," Ethan calls, following Tim into the room.

"You have a visitor," Tim repeats, noticing her handcuffs and pieces of an ink pen laying on the floor.

Suddenly, hands reach down from the ceiling and wrap around Tim's throat, snatching him off the ground. In desperation, he reaches for his firearm, thrashing his legs to free himself. Before he can unholster his weapon, his neck snaps like a twig. 

Ethan watches in horror as Tim is thrown head first against a concrete wall. Blood oozes from his nose when his lifeless body collapses onto the bed. Seconds later, Amber drops from the ceiling, crouching on the floor at Ethan's feet. Her glaring, pale green eyes lock onto his as she stands upright, her eyebrows; furrowing. 

"Easy," Ethan says, throwing his hands out in front of him. "I'm not a bad guy."

"You're in my way," she says, sweeping him to the side as she exits the room.

"You asked me to help."

"That was earlier," she says, snatching the padlock off a metal storage cabinet.

"Who's the other person in the room," he asks, glancing back at the figure beside the window.

"It's an exoskeleton," she explains, stuffing her belongings in her backpack.

"An exo-what?"

"Forget it," she mumbles.

"You're going to need my help getting out of here."

"Get me past that other door and I might just surprise you," she says, putting on her leather jacket.

"I haven't exactly thought that far ahead."

"Great," she says, weaving her arm through a strap on her backpack, slinging it over her shoulder.

"Hang on," he says, walking towards the main security door. 

Stopping just short of the door, Ethan silently surveys the area, then glances at the ceiling where the security camera is. A few seconds later, Amber approaches him.

"It's not going to open by itself," she quips.

"Hide in there," he says, pointing to an empty room. "I've got an idea."

"Hide - and do what," she asks.

"Nothing - just wait."

Stepping inside the room, Amber turns out the lights. Then, she hides behind the door. Once she's out of sight, Ethan presses the intercom button beside the security door, hoping Mike isn't watching the monitors.

"I'm ready to leave, Mike."

"Alright, give me a second," he says

When the electronic locks on the door release, Ethan opens it. He breathes a sigh of relief when he sees Mike slouching in his chair with his arms crossed, not paying attention to the monitors.

"Where's Tim," Mike asks, yarning as he sits up.

"He's still talking to Amber," Ethan lies.

"Nah, he's probably flirting with her."

"That's - none of my business," Ethan says, toying with his car keys. "I'm going to call it a night."

"Have a good one."

"Try not to work too hard," Ethan mentions, walking away.

"Nothing exciting ever happens around here."

When Ethan is out of Mike's sight, he heads to the cleaning closet and opens it. A huge cloud of smoke and ash pours into the hallway. The sudden gush of air breathes new life into the smoldering embers. With time working against him now, he doubles back to the security desk while a downdraft from the elevator shaft channels it down the corridor.

"The building's on fire," Ethan shouts, startling Mike.

"What the -" Mike blurts, stumbling to his feet.

"Smoke is spewing from the elevator shaft."

Maintaining his cool, Mike picks up a handheld radio and gazes down the hallway, assessing the situation.

"Tim, do you copy," Mike radios.

"We need to evacuate," Ethan suggests.

"Tim, do you copy," Mike repeats.

"Don't tell me he turned off his radio," Ethan says, glancing over his shoulder.

"More than likely," Mike grumbles, dropping the radio.

The distinctive, pungent smell puts pressure on Mike, making the situation seemingly much more critical than it actually is. Within a matter of seconds, plumes of smoke begin to obscure the overhead lights and set off a smoke alarm. Following protocol, he sends available drones to locate the source of the fire, then pulls the fire alarm.

"Now what," Ethan questions.

"I'm going to get Tim," Mike says, unlocking the security door.

"Do you need me to do anything?"

"Hold the door open so it doesn't lock us in," Mike says, heading for the door. 

"What about Amber?"

Without giving Ethan an answer, Mike plows through the security door. As he rushes down the hallway, he passes the room where Amber is hiding. His eagerness to be heroic provides the window of opportunity needed for her to escape. When Mike disappears in the room at the far end of the hallway, Ethan signals her.

"Now, Amber," he shouts.

Leaving her hiding place, she makes a break for the open door, sprinting up the hallway. A split second later, Mike exits the room at the far end with his weapon drawn. Chasing after her, he fires off several shots. Bullets ricochet from the steel door, as she slams head first into Ethan's abdomen, knocking him to the floor. Before Mike reaches the door, it closes and engages the electronic locks, trapping him on the other side.

"Oww... Ethan groans. "That - fucking hurt."

"Are you okay," she asks, gazing down at him.

"I should be asking you that," he coughs.

"I'm fine," she says, pushing herself up off him.

"Thank God," he mumbles as she stands upright.

A sudden smell of smoke hits Amber as she helps Ethan to his feet, irritating her eyes and blurring her vision.

"C'mon," he says, pulling her in the direction of the elevator. "we need to get out of here."

"Are you fucking crazy," she asks, snatching him the other way, coughing. "I can barely see."

"You have - to trust me," he says, tugging on her wrist, coughing as well.

"You aren't giving me a reason to," she says, resisting.

"Stop - being - so - damned - stubborn."

"I'm not," she insists, yanking her arm from his grasp.

"We're not going to make it out of here if we go the way."

For some strange reason or another, she stops resisting and follows Ethan into the thick cloud of smoke. With burning, watery eyes, he leads her towards the elevator before it overwhelms him. Once inside, he removes the screwdriver, allowing the doors to close. Then, he pushes the button for the exhaust fan.

"You're - fucking crazy," she coughs, leaning against the wall, then sinking to the floor.

"And," he coughs, "you were worried I'd think you were crazy."

"No one in their right mind runs towards a fire."

"Th- there's - no fire," he says, bending over and placing his hands on his knees.

"There isn't," she inquires, looking up at him.

"It was - just a diversion," he says, coughing.

"I should've known."

Seconds pass - precious seconds - while they catch their breath. Before an awkward silence wastes more time, Ethan presses the ground floor button. Then, he leans against the wall of the elevator, wiping his watery, irritated eyes.

"We're not out of the woods just yet," he says.