 "Though no one can go back and make a brand new start...
Anyone can start from now and make a new ending."

-Carl Bard

*

Scores of shimmering stars illuminated the neglected front yard of Gunnery Sergeant Ryker Masella. It was another sleepless night for Ryker, and he found keeping indoors while enduring insomnia insufferable. Outside Ryker was free to meander around their ranch style home and stroll along their dead end street. Ever since he returned from his deployment in Iraq, Ryker slept only a few hours at a time and woke up in a cold sweat, still in the grip of a night terror he wouldn't remember. Plagued with depression and forever irritable, the summer air of South Carolina soothed Ryker and he preferred to lie on the front porch, resting in his favorite faded purple lawn chair. 

Sleep deprivation only added to Ryker's mounting personal problems. His wife Angel, lost interest in love making after their second daughter was born, and when their third daughter arrived, Angel seemed to have lost her desire for him completely. Ryker lately had found his life intolerable, and sex was the only act he could take pleasure in. 

Ryker leaned back in his creaky lawn chair and closed his eyes for a moment. His life hadn't panned out like he envisioned. He had spent most of his career overseas and became increasingly estranged from his family during the endless touring and training. Angel stopped being his lover and became his roommate. Angel had been Ryker's high school sweetheart. Ryker remembered sneaking in her window at night, and during the day seeing one another at school and burning inside with fiery passion. What happened to the passion? Ryker's eyes burned with tears and he selflessly swallowed his hurt. Eventually, he drifted off into a troubled sleep. 

Saturday morning arrived and around noon Ryker decided to drive out to the Beaufort base to pick up his dry cleaning. After he paid for his uniforms and was driving home Ryker noticed an electric sign just beyond the base that read "Pandora's Petals" in neon pink. It must be a new floral shop he mused, and on an impulse Ryker decided to pick up a dozen roses for Angel. Just outside the shop a bulldog with a spiked collar and menacing growl tried to chase Ryker away. Ryker bolted inside the small shop and waited for his eyes to adjust to the darkness. 

"Can I help you?" a soft voice asked from the other side of the murky room. Ryker squinted and saw a figure walking towards him. An attractive woman emerged into the dimmed lights and offered her hand to Ryker. She had a smile like a string of pearls and wore a feminine blouse paired with a longish, gray skirt which hugged her full figure. Ryker admired her chestnut hair which was pulled up into a smooth and elegant chignon. 

The woman introduced herself as Nettie, and again asked him how she could help him. Nettie wasn't just attractive, her sculpted cheekbones and high forehead gave her an exotic appearance. Ryker had strong Italian features and stood at nearly six feet tall. His jet black hair was beginning to show silver flecks and was cut in a severe high and tight. He never thought he was much to look at, and never knew what Angel saw in him. Angel! Ryker reminded himself that's why he stopped at the florist shop in the first place, to buy flowers for Angel.

"A dozen white roses..." Ryker's voice trailed off. 

Nettie smiled and walked into the back where the flowers were kept refrigerated. Ryker couldn't help but to glance down at her legs. Black hose covered her rounded calves and Ryker swallowed hard. There was something about Nettie that was familiar but Ryker couldn't put his finger on it. Her face was ageless and her attire seemed so 1950's to him. Her pretty lips were painted a deep red hue similar to the shade worn by his favorite pin up girl, Bettie Page. Nettie returned with a long black flower box and set it down on the otherwise bare counter. Ryker noticed OO-RAH had been carved into the counter top and thought it strange, then Nettie spoke again. 

"Are you sure this is what you want?" asked Nettie, her eyebrows were raised and she tilted her head to one side. 

Ryker was confused, was she referring to the roses or the unusual black box?

"Yes." he replied, not knowing what else to say.

"Then perhaps you could assist me in the back, I need your help if we are going to finish filling your request."

Curious, Ryker followed Nettie to the back. He hadn't noticed that all the flowers out front were either dead or dying. The room she led him to was empty except for a mattress on the floor. Before Ryker could turn around, he felt her hands shove him down on the mattress. Bewildered, Ryker attempted to roll over and face his beautiful attacker but Nettie had straddled him firmly. Ryker heard her clothing rip as she recklessly tore them off her shapely body. 

Nettie pinned Ryker to the mattress and began grinding her mound against his buttocks, methodically massaging her clitoris against the course fabric of his blue jeans. Nettie purred into his ear until Ryker was sure he would die from the tingling heat of her breath. Ryker heard Nettie panting heavier while she humped his ass until she screamed through an orgasm and fell limp on top of Ryker.

After a brief rest Nettie allowed Ryker to roll over and touch her body. Thigh high stockings show cased a shaved pussy that had a trace amount of her cum visible, glistening just outside the naked lips. Ryker adored garter belts and stockings. The garter belt was a shiny black material and matched her missile bra with the enticing pointy cups, creating a nostalgic style and reminiscent of a time when women were allowed to have curves. 

Timidly, Ryker slid his pioneering fingers inside Nettie, watching her smile as she enjoyed the sensations of his exploration. Soon her stickiness turned to a smooth and slippery wetness until a wild Nettie pounced on his zipper and freed his pumped up desire with flattering enthusiasm. 

Nettie tantalizingly balanced her exquisite slit over his erection until Ryker was ready to drop her ass like a 64 Impala and make it bounce. Nettie impaled herself on Ryker's generous cock until she climaxed. Ryker savored the sound of her whimpering her way through another orgasm. 

Nettie fell onto the mattress gasping; and after a long several moments, Nettie stood up and provocatively unhook the metal and rubber grips holding her stockings up, and teasingly rolled one down using the palms of her hands. 

Once Nettie removed her stocking she pulled the hose onto Ryker's right foot and used her palms to unroll the hose upward, reminding Ryker of a cock being covered with a condom. Ryker felt the silkiness on his leg and jerked on his rock hard erection in a frenzied state. Nettie removed her other stocking and with the same coyness slipped the hose on Ryker's other leg and then submissively buried her head in his crotch, sucking him like a devoted mistress. Ryker felt his leg muscles tighten and relax underneath the hosiery while Nettie licked his balls and rubbed her face all over his engorged shaft. 

Fearing he might climax, Ryker gently stopped Nettie and positioned her on her hands and knees. Nettie looked sexy as sin wearing her black garter belt and bra while he wore her stockings. A squeal escaped her when he slipped into her and their bodies noisily slapped against each other. Ryker spanked her rounded white cheeks until Nettie squealed again and thrust herself backwards and further onto Ryker's fat cock. The intensity was too much for Ryker and with a prolonged grunt, he happily saturated her cunt. Ryker rocked back on his heals and Nettie turned around. What Ryker saw next paralyzed him with fear. Ryker looked in horror as Nettie's perfect facial features dissolved into the face of a pig. Nettie evolved into a hybrid with a moist snout snorting at him and beady eyes staring him down. The swine spoke, and with Nettie's voice the vile creature taunted him.

"Wallow in the mud and you'll get soiled, Devil Dog!" squealed the beast.

"Honey!" a voice squealed in delight and Ryker snapped his eyes open, expecting to see frightful Nettie, but instead he saw Angel and he squealed in both shock and relief.

"I love them!" Angel gushed, and Ryker lay in bed mystified until he saw a long black box in his wife's arm with delicate virgin white roses spilling out, and then he was terrified. 

"I love the card and the black box is so nostalgic!" Angel rushed out of the room as quickly as she rushed in to put her precious sweetly scented roses in a proper vase. The card had fallen out of the box and on to Ryker's pillow. With a trembling hand; a very rattled Ryker read the card. 

"Be kind to one another. This is the golden rule of marriage, and the secret of love will last through the years."

It was a powerful sentiment. Ryker sat up and looked at the clock. It was noon? It had been over a year since he had slept the day away. He couldn't remember going to bed but he was more puzzled over the flowers. Throwing back the covers Ryker let out a muffled shout when he saw shimmering black thigh highs on his legs! Ryker unceremoniously ripped them off and lifted the mattress to hide them, and saw one of his hidden Playboy magazines all ready underneath the mattress. Another look at the magazine cover and Ryker realized why "Nettie" was so familiar, she was a Playboy Bunny . 

Dinner that night was pleasant with feminine chatter and laughter at the table. Ryker was still shaken after the bizarre events but felt he was going to be all right. After dinner, Angel gave Ryker a foot massage like she did when they were newlyweds. Angel was looking at his feet so thoughtfully; he was inclined to ask her what she was thinking.

"I was just wondering how many thousands of miles these feet have run while you carried us on your shoulders and without complaint, in all the years you've been a Marine." replied Angel, still gently kneading the pads of his feet with her talented fingers.

Ryker felt unexpected emotions flood his heart. He looked at his wife and remembered the first time he saw her in high school; Ryker thought she was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen, and thirteen years later she was a beautiful woman, wife, and mother. Ryker knew this wasn't a time to stray but a time for him to accept that he was lost, and to do whatever it took to find his way back to his family.