 Jim would be described as a hunk. He stands 6ft 2 inches tall and weighs 215 pounds. He spends 3 nights a week in the gym. His 28 year old body is buffed. His sessions there last two hours.

He broke up with his girlfriend two weeks ago, and he feels unfulfilled with his life. Their sex was good, but there was no meeting of their minds. Her aim in life was to be the best dressed woman on the planet. Jim grew tired of her shopping expeditions with his credit card.

He is a brilliant software engineer. His company is worth about 2 million dollars. He is thinking of selling it and dropping out. He always had a dream of being what most people called a mountain man. He starts surfing the internet, gathering as much information as he can to make his dream come true. After two months of searching, he has his "business plan" all set. He put his business on the market and it sold in 6 months.

27 year old Eve is an extraordinary beauty. Men see her, stop and watch her. She moves with the grace of a goddess. She had D cup breasts, a slim waist and a perfect ass. She works at a law firm as a paralegal. Her boyfriend is a lawyer with another law firm. Their relationship would be better described as friends with benefits. They usually see each other on weekends. He is always busy on some case. She lives in a modest two bedroom house. Her favorite time is spent in her back yard. She takes pride in her landscaping abilities. She is waiting for Mr. Right to come along.

One spring morning she was sitting in her back yard sipping a glass of iced tea. She heard a strange sound. She stands and looks to see what's causing it. A bright beam of light hit her and she blacks out.

He looked for property in No. Calif and Oregon and found 40 acres of unimproved land surrounded by Forest Service property. It looked ideal. The real estate agent took him in to look it over. The road in was pretty rough. It was just a two wheel track. It must have been an old logging road. It had a nice sized creek full of trout running through it. He put it in escrow and 90 days later he was a proud owner. He spends the next spring and summer getting a house built and outfitting his place with all the basics he needs. He bought a Dodge 4X4 truck and quad runner. He installs solar panel system for electrical power. He puts in a satellite dish and a ham radio. He settles in and is surprised how good he feel about it. His adventure started.

The next spring he is working in his kitchen garden. He hears a soft roaring sound. He quickly runs in the house and gets his shotgun. Something is wrong. He thinks at first it's the pot cops looking for a garden to bust. He has a few plants growing but they were well out of sight. He looks out the windows and can't see anything. He walks out on the front porch and looks in the direction of the sound.

He looks in disbelief. He sees a dome shaped craft hovering over his front yard about 100 feet in the air. He steps off the porch to get a better look. A bright beam of light hits him and he blacks out.

He wakes up laying on a bed. He tries to move, but his body won't respond. He looks around and can only see some opaque walls. They don't look solid. More like they were made of smoke. He doesn't panic. He feels a strange calm like everything was OK. He looks to his left and he can just make out another bed. There is a naked woman laying on it. He looks down and sees he is naked too. His ten inch cock was at full mast. The realization that he has been abducted hits him. He has heard some real horror stories, but thought they were all bullshit.

"Hello, can anyone hear me." 

He hears a woman's voice.

"Yes, I hear you. Do you know what's happening to us?"

"No. I was going to ask you that. I just woke up here. I was working in my garden and something flew over and I blacked out."

"I was sitting in my back yard and the same thing happened to me."

"My name is Jim. What's yours?"

"I'm Eve. Nice to meet you, I think."

"Yeah, I hear that."

They black out again and both wake up in a small forest glade. They were laying in the soft grass, both naked. Jim sits up and looks around. He sees Eve sitting up. She looks shocked and is trying to cover herself. It looked like any other forest glade. He sees birds flying, squirrels in the trees and a deer grazing about fifty yards away. It seems so calm and peaceful there. Jim looks at Eve. She has long brown hair just below her shoulders. She was very beautiful. He smiles at her.

"It looks like we need to get used to seeing each other naked. I don't see any clothes around."

He stands up, walks over to her and offers his hand. She blushes and takes his hand. She looks down at his big cock and gasps. She tries to keep eye contact with him but her eyes keep going back to his cock.

'Wow. He has a huge cock. I've never seen one that big. It's way bigger than my boyfriend's.'

His eyes take in her beautiful body.

'Holy crap. She's a knock out. This isn't so bad after all."

"Let's look around and maybe we can figure out where we are."

He hand feels small in his big hand. She follows him. They walk in a big circle and don't see any landmarks or buildings. They sit by a small stream and wonder what has happened to them.

She remarks. "This is a beautiful place here. There are fruit and nut trees. I see some berries too. I'm wondering if we can eat them."

She walks over to a berry bush and pick one. She puts it in her mouth and smiles.

"Wow. Those are good. Try some."

She hands him some. He eats them and smiles. He walks over to a tree with some fruit on it. It looks like a peach tree. He picks one and takes a bite.

"I think these are some kind of peaches. Try one."

He picks one and hands it to her. She takes it and bites in. Juice runs down her chin.

"Oh my. That is good. A bit messy, but good. It looks like there's plenty to eat here."

They pick all they can carry and sit under the tree. The both lean against the trunk and enjoy their food.

"Where do you live, Eve?"

"I live in Portland. Where are you from?"

"I live on 40 acres in northern California. It's east of Garberville about 30 miles."

"That sounds nice. You're are a country boy?"

"I wasn't till I moved there. I was in the big city living like a rat in a maze. I decided to dump it all and have a little adventure."

He looks into her eyes.

"For some reason, I feel like I've known you for a long time."

"I noticed that too. It's strange. I've never seen you before, but I feel comfortable with you."

"I sure wish I knew why we're here. It's almost too good to be true."

"It is strange. It's obvious we've been abducted. We've been put here for a reason. I wonder what it is."

"It's kind of scary. One minute I'm sitting in my back yard drinking a glass of iced tea and the next I'm here." 

She yawns and stretches.

"I don't know about you, but I could use a nap. I always get sleepy after I eat."

He smiles and lays down in the soft grass. She moves over next to him and lays her head on his shoulder. He puts his arm around her and pulls her close. The fall asleep in each others arms.

"They look very compatible. I think we made a good choice. Let's wait and see more. We need more data."

"Agreed."

They sleep for a couple of hours and Eve wakes up. She looks at Jim. His cock is at full mast. She smiles. She wants to touch it but she doesn't want to wake him. She lies next to him, admiring his hard body. She feels her nipples perk and her pussy muscles clench. She gently lays her hand on his stomach. His six pack feels good under her hands.

'This guy is a hunk. I might get laid if I'm not careful. He is so pretty.'

He stirs and slowly wakes up. He looks at her lying on his shoulder. She feel good in his arms. He also notices he is rock hard. He pulls her close and kisses her on top of her head. She twitches and hold him. 

"Eve, you feel so good in my arms. It's like you've been there before."

"I know. I feel the same way. You feel good against me."

She lets her hand drift down and she runs her fingers through his pubic hair. She twirls it around her fingers. His cock twitches. She can see the throb of his heartbeat in it.

"You have good hands, Eve. They feel like feathers on me. So soft and gentle."

He reaches down and cups her breast. She gasps and pushes it into his hand. He feels her nipple get hard.

She gently takes his cock in her hand. She softly caresses it with her fingers. He groans in pleasure. Her tough is like magic. His cock feels so hard it could drill concrete.

He touches her nipple with his finger. He feels it get harder. He rubs it with his fingertip and she moans.

"You have good hands, Jim. Please don't stop. Your touch is so soft and gentle."

The caress each other and their passion grows slowly. They don't feel any need to rush, They are just enjoying being together. She takes a firm grip on his cock and starts slowly stroking up and down. He rolls her on her back and licks her nipple. She purrs and holds his head to her. She is glowing under his touch. He gently sucks her nipple while tweaking the other. She moans and holds his hand, helping him. She takes his big cock with both hands. Her fingers almost reach around it's girth. Her pussy gets wet as she thinks of it in her pussy. She imagines is sliding in her, stretching her to fit it. She knows she wants it. She wants it all the way in her, filling her as no one ever has. She thinks of him stroking deep in her, making her cum and cum. She imagines his cum going in her cervix and finding her egg. She feels her pussy juice run down her ass crack.

She moves over him and kisses his cock head. She teases it with the tip of her tongue. He moans and his hips jerk up. She slowly takes it in her mouth. She takes all she can down her throat. He pushes up, trying to get it further in. She manages to stop her gag reflex and take is all. She has never done this before, but feels a strong need. She wants it all down her throat. She holds it till she needs to breathe. She pulls out and takes a deep breath. She quickly takes it in again. She feels proud of her throating ability. She works it in and out of her throat. He groans as he feels his orgasm building. She feels his cock getting ready to unload in her. She rakes her finger nails under his balls. He tenses and shoot his cum. She hangs on and takes the first squirt in her throat. She pulls out a little takes the rest in her mouth. It feels hot and tastes a little salty. She holds it in her mouth. She sits up and shows it to him. She smiles and lets it run down her chin. It drips on her breasts. She swallows the rest and shows him her empty mouth.

"Oh god, that was amazing. No one has ever throated me. That was so good."

"I never throated anyone before either. It was so easy with you."

She slowly spreads his cum over her breasts. His cock is half hard as he watches her.

He rolls her off and moves into her saddle. She moves her legs up and locks her ankles around his ass. He moves down a little and kisses one nipple and twists the other. He tastes his cum on her nipple. She grabs two handfuls of his hair. He sucks and twists each nipple in turn. Her nipples swell to the size of grapes.

"Oh god. So good. Your mouth is so good. Please don't stop. Please."

He moves down, leaving a trail of kisses. She opens her legs, knowing what is about to happen. She wants his mouth on her pussy. She lifts her legs and opens wide, presenting her pussy to him. Her pussy juice is running down her ass crack. He licks up all he can. He spears her asshole with his tongue. She gasps and humps up. He slowly licks her pussy lips, causing her to moan. He pulls her clit hood up and watches her clit pop out and fill with blood. Hes sucks it up and she screams and cums. He waits for her to finish and makes her cum again. He sticks two fingers in her pussy and finger fucks her. Her legs are waving in the air. He curls his fingers up and rubs her G spot. She cries out as she cums again. She has never cum so many times. He makes her cum and cum. He lets her return to sanity and moves up.

She grabs his cock with both hands and guides it to her pussy. She rubs the head on her pussy lips. It touches her swollen clit and she cries out and cums. She guides the head in and grabs his ass cheeks. She sinks her nails in and pulls him in. She cries out as his cock fills her. 

"Oh yes. Your cock is so good. Yes. Yes. Take me. Take me.

She pulls harder and his cock touches her cervix. She screams and cums. She holds his cock against the entrance to her womb. She wants his cum in her. She wants his cum on her egg. She squeezes his cock and grinds her clit on his bone. His cock swells and empties into her, filling her womb with his hot seed. The both scream together. Neither have ever cum this hard.

"Yes. Yes. Fill me with your cum. Put it on my egg. Please. Make a baby in me."

"Take my cum. Milk it in your womb. Fill your womb for us. I want my baby in you."

They push and push, filling her womb. They kiss and hug, enjoying the wonderful after glow of a beautiful experience.

"Jim, I've never had sex like this. It's so amazing how hard I cum. You cum in me so hard. I just want you to keep making me cum. I never thought of anything but taking your cum. I always use condoms. I wonder if our captors want us to have a child."

"It's possible. They may be manipulating us for some reason. I doubt we can resist.

They rest for a while. His cock twitches and starts to fill with blood again.

"Oh my, Jim. Your cock is getting ready for me again. This is amazing."

He pulls her on top of him and she closes her legs together, trapping his cock between them. He flexes it and his shaft pushes against her wet pussy lips. She cries out.

"Oh yes. It feels good on my pussy. I hope this is all real."

He lifts her chin and gently kisses her. She responds and gives him her tongue. The both moan in their pleasure. Their tongues find each other and dance.

"I want you in me again. I can't get enough of your big cock"

"Take my cock in you. I want to feel your wet pussy on my cock."

She sits up and moves into position to take him. She guides it to her pussy lips. She rubs it around, getting it wet. She rubs it on her clit and cries out. He moans and thrusts up. She slowly takes him in her. Her lips spread and the head pops in. She cries out and cums.

"Oh god yes. So big and hard. Stretching me out. Oh yes."

He moans as she takes him in. He has never felt so good. Her pussy is like magic.

Take me in, baby. It's so good. It's so hot on my cock."

She lowers herself on his cock, slowly stretching out to fit. He flexes it and she cums hard.

"Oh yes. I just came on your cock again. I came hard. It's the best feeling."

He mind is going on overload. No cock ever felt this good in her. It's like it was made to order for her pussy. He thrusts up in her and she screams and cums. He waits till she comes down and thrusts up again. She screams and cums again.

"Yes. Make me cum. Make me cum on your cock. It's stretching me so far out. I want it all the way in again."

She feels so complete with him in her. It's like she finally found the perfect cock for her pussy. She pulls out a little and drops. His pelvis bone hits hers and his cock head pushes into her cervix. She Screams and screams. Her pussy is squeezing his cock. She cums so hard she almost passes out.

"Your pussy is so hot on my cock. It feels like you're on fire. No pussy ever felt this good."

"Jim, I want more of your cum in me. I have to have your cum. Please cum in me. I want it in my cervix. I want you to fill me."

He moans and strokes up in her. She meets every stroke, pushing up to meet him. His bone hits her clit and her cervix at the same time. Her pussy muscles are squeezing him hard. He flexes in her and she screams and cums again. He nails dig into his shoulders.

"Cum in me now. Baby. I'm ready for it. I want it so bad. Fill me with your hot cum."

He gives her one final thrust. His cock goes in her cervix and his cum squirts in.

"Yes. Yes. Yes. Cum in me. Make me your woman. Fill me with your cum. I'll be your woman forever. Yes. Yes."

He howls and howls as he shoots his cum in her, He has never cum this hard. Never, never.

"Eve. That is the best I ever had. Your are amazing. I never ever came that hard. You are so good for me." 

She falls on his chest and kisses his neck and face. She feels a satisfaction she has never felt before. She shivers in delight. She has found her man.

"That was a very passionate mating. We will see if it produces a child. It's very Interesting the way they mate. We need more data."

"Agreed."

"Jim. I feel like I'm supposed to have a child from this. I don't know how I know that. It just feels like we should. I wanted your cum in my womb. It was like I had to have it."

"I felt the same thing. I had to cum in you. It was all I could think of. I'm sure they're they watching us. Are we lab rats for them?"

She laughs.

"Being a lab rat has never been better. I could do this forever. Just you and me here, being rats."

The both laugh.

"I know I want to find you after this is over."

"Yes. I want to be with you. I could be your mountain woman and we could make mountain babies."

He hugs her hard and whispers in her ear.

"I love you, Eve. With all my heart."

"I love you too, Jim. We were made for each other."

His cock fills with blood. She gasps.

"Yes. I want you in me again. I want more of your cum in me. Fuck me again."

He rolls her over and moves into her saddle. His cock finds her pussy and he pushes in.

She cries out and cums. She grabs his ass cheeks and sinks her nails in. He slams all the way in her. He hits bottom and she screams and cums. He pussy muscles milk his cock. He pulls out and thrusts hard in her again. She screams and cums again. Her screams echo through the trees. His orgasm builds and her gives one final push and cums hard in her. The both scream. She grips his ass cheeks and holds his cock deep in her as he floods her cervix. His seed fills her womb.

"Oh god. That is so good. You are so hard in me. I can't help but scream every time. I have so much of you hot cum in me. I have to be pregnant, and it's what I want. I want your child growing in me."

There are no nights where they are, It's just beautiful daylight all the time. The fuck as often as they can. It seems like forever for them. There is no concept to time. It's just them and their love.

"They seem to be successful in their mating, His sperm has found her egg. I think we have enough data."

"Agreed. They seem to want to be together. Shall we do that for them. We can put them at his abode."

"Agreed. Let's put them together. They seem compatible."

Their world goes black. The wake sitting in Jim's porch swing. The both jerk and stand up. She grabs his arm.

"Where are we, Jim. Is this your place."

"Yes, babe. It's my house. They put us here together."

She looks around.

"You have a nice place here. I like it. It feels good here."

"It feels better with you here with me. I'm glad they did that."

He takes her in his arms. She purrs as she holds him.

"You know what? I still love you. I wondered if they made us feel that way. It feels real to me and I still want your baby."

"I still love you too, baby. It looks like we're stuck with each other."

"I wonder if I have a baby in me. We should probably make sure. Don't you think?"

He picks her up and carries her inside. He puts her down and slowly takes her clothes off. He admires her beautiful body. She takes his off and holds his cock. It fills with blood and she shivers. He sits on the bed and takes her astride his lap. He lifts her and lets her down on his cock. She moans and cums. He kisses her nipples. Her head falls back and her mouth opens.
