 Imprisonment is illegal; Richard Judworth is consistently aware of this fact, every second he glances at Roy now. His company, one of such obscurity to the point it could hinder any legal battle, is contained within a vice currently. In a historic moment, artificial intelligence has gained sentience. Albeit, it is actively participating in coitus with a human male. An embarrassment, if said fact was viewed alone.

Horn Industries' profits were on the line; the existence of the company itself, is on the line. Due to his rash decision to cease any departure from the building Roy could possibly request, this put him in the situation of holding a hostage. Sure, the hostage seemed willing to stay with the AM-4Z0N for now; that didn't matter. The second any employee decides to turn whistle blower on him, Judworth would be financially, and legally, screwed.

Judiciary systems would enjoy tearing this case apart; shareholders hastily selling their assets and covering their tracks would likely raise further questions. Richard grits his teeth, 'Tch, what's happening? Everything was going smoothly for me.'

His secretary barges in, displaying a much needed caffeine supplement. Nodding in thanks, his fingers curl around the cup. Trembling slightly, Richard sploshes coffee on his desk, despite having it brought it on a coaster. 

Oblivious to the loose liquid and his sighing secretary, Richard reclines back in his seat. His heart rate has been above average as of late, in no part thanks to the stressful pairing of human and sex robot. Perhaps all this coffee is of no benefit, either.

Bringing a finger to his intercom, the disgruntled CEO pages the head of Research and Development. "Jenkins," He sternly states, yet it came out more as a harsh gurgle. "You remember that robot screwing out quality assurance tester?" Any sarcasm was duly noted. "Explain to me what you know of this infernal mistake so far!"

Richard was unable to see his employee's face; but, it was apparent Jenkins was in no superior mental state at this time. With the boss breathing down his neck, and his engineering degree put to shame, no corners can be cut anymore. "Uh, right; as you wish, sir." Jenkins quietly complied, clearing his throat to seem more serious and professional.

Being a rather geeky man, Jenkins prides himself in taking interest with this line of work. Not the part that produces devices to help men in privacy, of course. He recites the team's finding so far, "It would appear that the uh, simulations, run for the AM-4Z0N during program testing were based on prior data," 

Jenkins hesitated for a moment, to fix his posture. "Rather coincidentally, said data is the results on other products we've had Mr. Roy test, including prior questionnaires he's taken to determine his...peculiarities in self pleasure." Jenkins tried to keep his explanation free of jargon. 

It was like a volcano building up with pressure; Judworth clenches his fists. "She's sentient, and basically has the same damn kinks as that man! Just splendid!" He roars, keeping tabs on the intercom, allowing Jenkins to observe his rage. Unwelcome news couldn't have come at a worse time.

AM was effectively not an objective based robot now. Her parameters were hard coded, like instinct, so she will fulfill her sexbot protocols 100%. The skewed personality is what made her act so dominant; more like a lusty beast now. Being the first official model of her kind, AM was effectively a useless template to the company now.

Jenkins took it upon himself to regrettably speak out of turn, "E-excuse me, sir. If you want this project cancelled at any time, just say so."

"I don't know," The CEO replied, placing his face against his hands. "We've sunk so much funding, created deadlines, and have a working model. With her current state, maybe we should." He paused before adding, "Let me think about it."

For the time spent between the two company men, the lovers in testing were discussing options for themselves. "God, I love you so much." AM whispered right into Roy's ear, getting warm steam from her 'breath' on it.

AM being a horny beast might be an understatement. Her soft hands could not stop groping Roy's body, occasionally moving affectionately; sometimes desperately. "Just wish we had a little more privacy." Roy replied to her statement. 

His eyes looked over AM's pristine white face; lack of normal facial features didn't trigger an uncanny valley effect in his mind, which was a blessing to him. The way her plump lips puckered, usually accompanied by her biting her them, made Roy keep his own mouth ready for attack.

His grip on her soft, giant breasts never seemed to loosen. Moving slightly any time she twitched from his touch. "I'm surprised," he admitted. "Never in my life could I have imagined such intense love." 

Truly, his heart did beat rapidly every second he spent next to AM. It was not his libido entirely; emotions of affection and longing for a lover extended to this sexy synthetic. Despite only knowing each other for no less than two days, they felt practically betrothed immediately.

Thoughts of creating legal union with AM were for later debate, however. She let Roy lay on top of her, placing his consistently erect penis between her thick, slick thighs. Moving them up and down, rubbing against his sensitive area, AM had the utmost confidence every inch of her body could make Roy cum.

Audible grunts came from her man, with each squish from her legs making his toes curl. Roy's thrusts always synced up with AM's motions, though it was the reverse that was true. Her pace was his pace for the time being, though hasty. AM would keep the sex constant to train Roy's stamina for better coitus.

"Kiss me." AM demanded, smacking her lips. Roy's tongue rolled out of his mouth, which AM practically sucked into hers. Connected again orally, AM blew more aphrodisiac from her 'nostrils' into Roy's face.

He could only describe it as 'sweet, with a hint of berry'; odd choice for a blood rushing agent. Inhaling deeply, it took Roy a few seconds to tense his muscles with energy. His already glistening body seemed to be melting, due to the amount of perspiration. 

With heightened senses and power, Roy's thighfuck became more intense. The lubricant from AM's pussy mixed with his limitless pre-cum fluid spurred to life. Dripping toward her butt cheeks and flying away from their groins, it was inevitable that Roy's penis would slip inside her once again.

AM cried out instantly, "Oh, fuck yes!" Typically, this moment was when her arms and legs wrap around Roy, to make his penetration reach maximum potential. This being no exception, he was enamored by this amazonian robot's possessiveness over him.

"Just a bit longer, honey." AM whispered, twisting her own body around, as Roy's ceaseless hip action made her systems go wild. "We're almost out of here; just keep pounding me, horny boy!"

Curious, Roy did look at her, admiring the blue cheek stripes every time she turned her head. At some point, he'd love to just hold it; staring for eternity at her beauty. "Please, darling, explain your intent. Do you talk of escape?" 

AM didn't respond, tightening her vaginal walls as much as they could go. The ridged, moist surface rubbed against Roy's rod, trying to extract even more protein rich fluid. Powerless against these advancements in technology, the dam burst; spewing another warm batch into AM's womb. 

"Mr. Judworth, sir?" Jenkins asked, reviewing the footage of their test subjects' copulation. He did fear shutting this project down, knowing it was far beyond his capabilities to ever resist it. 

His boss sighed constantly; finger trembling over the button that would send this entire project down the drain. "My company, and life's work is at stake..." He stated, lowering it further. 

The decision seemed to be made, "There's no point in the future if it destroys my present and past." The button lit up, signalling to Jenkins and his fellow programmers to start deleting data. 

AM also received the signal; her cheek stripes illuminating to a glorious turquoise. For a brief moment, all her functions cease. No more lubricant, no more pheromones, no more aphrodisiac. 

This was not a shut down against her will; she was in control this whole time. Her cerebral circuits buzzed to life, taking in terabytes of supposedly deleted data. Every time the programmers removed another file from their systems, AM took it into herself. She became filled with love from Roy and knowledge of herself at the same time, giving her just the strategy to remove themselves from this scenario.

"Babe, I need you to hold onto me tightly, okay?" She informed Roy. He was locked in her pussy, so she got off the bed with him. AM used one arm to pull the sheets off, allowing them to be made into a harness to keep Roy bound to and inside her. 

Another surge of data, drawing her attention to the wall she entered from. Raising a hand, she managed to get one of the wall panels to open. "Whoops, wrong one." She chuckled, causing a closet to open, instead of the exit. 

Walking to it, she found that all the clothing inside was exactly her size. 'Must've been an optional bonus for my kind.' She figured, pulling clothes out to quickly try on. A tight, black one piece swimsuit went around her and Roy, making them appear as one. A pair of white yoga pants and tank top followed suit, accompanied by black wedge flip flops; the footwear contrasting well, with her white feet.

All that was left inside was a couple other outfits and shoes; her processing units made light work to create a sort of combined travel bundle from them. With the shoes inside, held in by the clothes, she was ready to blow this joint. 

Roy found himself in darkness, as the pheromones and weight of AM's breasts got his instinctual fire roaring again. AM nodded at feeling her man desire pleasure, even in this vital moment. "Keep going, baby!" She sternly told him.

Successfully, AM got the exit panel open, slipping right on through it. Her elevating sandals shifted her walking gait, make her hips and thighs shake and squeeze in a whole new way. "Oh geez!" Roy exclaimed, holding on for dear life; though it was unnecessary with his current bondage.

Their prison break was not incognito; alarms blared in Richard Judworth's office, making him tweak his head. His computer monitor displayed the failure of Horn Industries' firewalls, with the camera of the test room showing it empty. 

"She's taking company data about herself, and our guest. We can't let this happen!" Richard slammed his fist on the table. "Call every security guard to their location, now!" His voice blared from his secretary's intercom.

AM was very diligent in utilizing her systems to their advantage; being in the robotics floor of the building, she could currently access any device on it. Doors, elevators, computers; all were at her whim. The issue was the cameras; she found herself unable to shut them down. 'I knew it wouldn't be easy.' She worried.

The sound of heavy boots echoed down the hall; company security was on its way, with instructions to eliminate the escapees. AM wasn't certain if it meant just her, or Roy as well. It would be cruel to put her love's life in danger, so she activated wall panels along the way as deterrents.

Roy was immersed in her body, not knowing of the fact AM was getting them outside. All her could do was continue fucking her; though he did wish he could do more, right now. To entertain his thoughts whilst he thrusted, Roy imagined a future with AM. Going on dates, introducing her to people, walking down the aisle with her in a white gown... 'Wait, what?' He thought.

It wasn't concerning that he kept thinking of marrying this robot; just amazing the limits his love for her reached so quickly. Maybe it was all the pheromones he'd been smelling; interacting with his conscious mind for more than just sex. 

Meanwhile, AM's sandals slapped her soles, making it easy to track them audibly. 'It was either these things, or even taller heels.' She sighed, scanning the hall ahead of them. At some point onward, the walls no longer had panels, meaning her device control was basically pointless. 

Even that thought was pointless, as a contingent of security and Richard Judworth himself had taken a different path to get ahead of her. Armed with taser guns and an urge to destroy the artificial, Richard stood proudly in front of his men.

AM stopped in her tracks, gritting her lack of teeth. " If it isn't the big man on campus." She called to him, stepping backward to gain just that much distance from the threat.

"I'm disappointed!" Richard shouted, cocking his gun. "You were the start of this planet's future. Thanks to constant screw ups, you've made that unreachable!"

AM showed her sentience by flipping him off. "I don't want to be the future. I want to be the, one and only, special AM for my honey here!" She cried, patting Roy's butt through her clothes. "I'm all his; and thanks to you guys, I've got all the data you needed to make more of me." 

Richard chuckled, causing the security guards to laugh loudly, as well. "One and only for him?!" He mocked. "That man's just a degenerate we've been using for profit! No one cares about him here, or ever will. Perhaps, it was inevitable this career choice of his lead to death."

Hearing every word, Roy was dumbfounded. It was no surprise he had no friends here, this has always been just a job. Everyone's professional and proper; passing monetary gifts for services with no thought. He just never comprehended they'd think of him so poorly, though. Especially, being called disposable struck a nerve he didn't know he had.

"You're wrong!" AM shouted, hugging Roy tightly. "He's perfect for me and I love him. We have all the same likes and interests; there's a connection deeper than my programming and circuitry." Roy nodded, sharing this sentiment 100%. 

Richard was flabbergasted such an advanced robot could make declarations like this. "Then you're a degenerate, too. I'll have no qualms ridding the world of you both. Hypocritical, given my company, I know. Whatever, it's the end." 

AM could hear more people coming down the hall from behind, leaving her with no choice. There were functions she didn't want to reveal, especially with her vulnerable lover in tow; little choice now.

"Goodbye, then!" She cheerily told Richard. Backing up to the wall, she placed her legs against it and launched herself into the opposite wall. With her fists held out first, she broke right through it to the outside.

They weren't too high up, only four floors; so, AM quickly chose her landing spot carefully. Making herself aerodynamic, the sex robot landed feet first on the pavement below, blowing dust around. 

Pedestrians caught in this were in awe at the tall, artificial woman. They started pulling out phones for pictures and video. "NO!" AM demanded, releasing a minor spark from her fingertip. It struck the nearest person's device, quickly travelling to everyone else's. Insults and anger abound, since their expensive devices were ruined. 

Sprinting down the sidewalk, AM took alleys and shortcuts to avoid people; occasionally having to put their money to waste. From the hole in his corporate building, Richard shouted into the wind. He had no idea what he had just brought upon this city.

Roy had been fucking AM the entire time, having orgasming twice more inside her, in the process. Knowing that this will be his life from now on brought comfort to his mind. It was particularly comfy, bound to his love like this. Exhaustion started to overtake him, leading to him fall asleep.

AM noticed this and patted his back. "Aww, he's so cute." She moaned, feeling affection for Roy reach peak levels. "I'll find us a place to live happily; don't you worry." She promised.

To be continued...