 Steve Jones had lived part of his dream, even it if was at the cost of his career and the humiliation of another person. He couldn't think of his victim, Fred Smith, as "human," exactly; the man had lost ninety-five percent of his body mass and was reduced to a brain in a bio-pod. It was all his own fault, too... taking stupid risks on an expensive hoverbike with barely enough safety equipment to protect his head.

Fred had opted to have his bio-pod placed in a prosthetic body before the body was completed. True, that was the recommended course of treatment; even if the body didn't have its custom limbs, yet, it would allow Fred to accustom himself to the sensory input and general experience of being a fully-prosthetic being. The superior hearing, vision, taste, even tactile touch were a far sight better than the simple Virtual Reality he experienced in the pod alone. Still, it meant that he would need constant care and attention until the limbs arrived and were installed.

Opting to be treated in his own home was also a mistake from Steve's point of view. Sure, the doctors had told Fred that it would allow him to acclimatize faster, being in familiar surroundings. It just meant that someone would have to be with him on a twenty-four seven basis until the body was completed. What did Fred THINK was going to happen?

Steve was a talented nurse, and he'd studied the mechanisms of prosthetic replacement bodies extensively. He had more hours in optional training courses than anyone else in the med-center, and he'd taken pains to ask for more hours in the prosthetic recover wards. He was on track to specializing in prosthetic recovery care, and he'd even been considering going for a doctorate program in prosthetic design and psychology.

All of that was in the garbage, now, of course. Alone with a hot number like Fred's replacement body, how could anyone have expected him NOT to take some liberties? The backwards, antiquated ethics of the medical community stifled Steve's true calling; making sure that people who opted for prosthetic replacement understood that they'd become toys packed full of sexual potential.

He'd abused Fred to the fullest extent of his ability, taking control of the enhanced pleasure responses and sexually dominating the young cyborg for all he was worth.

Steve sat in his orange jumpsuit, looking at the other people awaiting trial. He still had occasional little shudders of pleasure as he remembered taking Fred by force. It had been one of the greatest thrills of his life to force the cyborg to orgasm over and over, driving him nearly to insanity. It had been one of the greatest pleasures of his life driving his cock into the cyborg's body, both anally and orally. He had no qualms or regrets; given the opportunity, he'd do it again in a heartbeat.

Those opportunities were distant, though, and getting further away every moment. Even as Fred was being transported back to the hospital for emergency care and more secure recuperation, Steve was hustled into hospital security's black van and dumped off at the local police station. His smart phone, now secured as evidence, had been remotely activated by the hospital, and had recorded most of the assault. Between that, Fred's testimony, and the records from the computer in Fred's bio-pod, Steve was likely bound for a long stay in a penitentiary.

Remorseless and carrying a slight smile, Steve was escorted into the courtroom and stood before the judge.

The judge, a middle-aged woman with a tired and stressed expression on her face, was scrolling through the docket of the case on her lectern's terminal. She'd tried thirty or so cases in the few hours before Steve's trial, and had dozens more to conduct before the court's day was done.

There were a few trappings of classic courtroom procedure to go through; the bailiff calling the court to attention and announcing the case. Steve stood stock still and waited to hear the consequences of his actions. He'd done the crime and he would carry the feeling of power and pleasure for the rest of his life; he was good no matter how it ended up.

The judge looked up with tired eyes, reading him with her years of experience. "You understand what you're charged with, here? Kidnapping, assault, and rape?"

"I didn't hurt anyone, your honor," said Steve, shrugging. "Fred can't feel pain like a person. And I can tell you from personal experience, he liked it."

The judge shook her head. "So how do you plead, mister Jones?"

"Not guilty, your honor." He might have said "guilty as hell, and I'd do it again," but the public defender had suggested pleading "not guilty." The judge rubbed the bridge of her nose between thumb and forefinger.

"This isn't the first case of crime against a cyborg," she said. "Hell, it isn't even the first sexual assault against a cyborg. It's ONE of the first, though, and there's likely to be plenty more." She leaned back in her chair, steepling her fingers and regarding Steve with no small amount of disdain. "I like things simple. I like black and white cases, which is what I usually get at this level. This isn't simple. This is a brand new social issue and it's crying out for some direction from the judiciary. You're forcing me to set precedent, here, and I really don't want to have to do that."

Steve had as much sympathy for the woman in the black robe as he did for the cyborg he'd violated. He was impassive, starting to get a little bored with the whole thing.

"You've waived your right to trial by your peers, which does speed things up, but that also leaves the whole weight of this thing on my shoulders. I've read the arguments by the prosecution and the arguments by the defense. It took a while. There's a whole chat-room's worth of arguing over this whole thing already, and it's making my damn head hurt."

She leaned forward, placing her elbow on her desk and resting her chin in her hand. "I find you guilty, there'll be an outcry about how cyborgs aren't really people, but the precedent is that they're entitled to every protection of the law. I find you innocent, there'll be an outcry about how cyborgs ARE really people, but the precedent will be that they're not entitled to the protections of the law. There's a pile of reporters up my nose the MINUTE I declare on this case, either way, and it gets kicked up the line to the appellate courts, and maybe all the way up to the Supreme court."

Steve shrugged; she was talking about other people's problems at this point.

"More to the point," said the Judge, "I hate your little attitude, and I don't feel like giving you anything like validation. What you did to that man was sick, and it's something that people who are sick in the head do. So, I find you not guilty - by reason of insanity."

Steve shook his head for a second. "Hey, wait a second... I'm not nuts..."

"Some pretty influential experts disagree with you, and so does the hospital's lawyer. Hell, I can't even pronounce the preliminary diagnosis. So, you're not a martyr, nor a pioneer in the realm of cyborg's rights. You're just a nutcase who put your sicko fun ahead of your duties and career, and you're going to be treated like one."

"The hell?" said Steve. He took a half step forward, and the big, meaty hand of one of the court orderlies held him back.

"I remand you to the local hospital's psych ward for complete evaluation and treatment, until such time as the chief of psychiatry at the hospital deems you fit to return to society as a contributing citizen." She lifted her gavel and banged it with resigned finality, and flicked her terminal's screen to the next page. "Next case," she said, starting to read.

Steve yelled a bit, until they gagged him and threw him in the back of another van. The hospital was well-ready for him when he arrived, and it took only minutes to sedate him, fit him with scrubs and a strait jacket, and lock him in a small padded cell. 

He wasn't sure how long he was in the cell without being evaluated; they kept him partially sedated, fed him and cleaned him, and ignored his incoherent yelling. Eventually, though, they held off on the sedation for a little while and let his head clear. Steve shook out the cobwebs and waited; he knew most of the psych staff, and the chief of psychiatry had commended him for his studies on prosthetic recovery. He was pretty sure he could bullshit his way out in a fairly short time; he had this angle covered.

The door to his cell did eventually open, and a tall man with brown hair walked in and smiled at him. As the door closed behind the man in the white coat, Steve went pale.

It was Fred.

"Hey, Steve," said Fred, as he casually leaned against the door. "What do you think? Arms and legs and everything; even a few extras thrown in."

"What the fuck are YOU doing here?" hissed Steve. He smiled a little more. "Or did you want some more of what I gave you?"

Fred chuckled and shook his head slowly. "No. Well, maybe. Kind of. See, the hospital was really, REALLY accommodating once I got back here. It's funny how much a really big medical institution will bend over backward for you when the computer next to your brain has a record of one of their employees raping you. Not ONLY will they expedite your very expensive limbs, but they'll upgrade your bio-pod's computer, secure your control of your network connections, even throw in some enhanced musculature and kinetic lamination."

Steve's smile faded. "Oh... well, you're welcome, I guess. You got to cum for like four hours straight, and they gave you a bucket of upgrades. I give you the most pleasure you ever felt, and I'm stuck in this goddamn jacket in this fucking cell. You and your upgrades can go to hell."

He sat back against the wall, feeling a little defeated, and shrugged. "So, you wanted to gloat. You gloated. Get the fuck out."

Fred knelt down to get Steve at eye level. "Turns out, the hospital also followed my suggestions about having you declared insane, and had you brought here instead of to some dirty, nasty, prison cell. That, and somehow, instead of getting sued for MILLIONS of dollars, they agreed to let me be in charge of your evaluation."

Steve's eyes snapped open. "Oh, shit... wait. They can't do that; you don't have the background, or the certification for that. They can't just put anyone they want on this job!"

"I don't think the arrangement is strictly legal, no" said Fred, smiling. "So, I DO have to thank you for the immense amount of power you've given me in this situation, as well as the upgrades."

"Fuck," said Steve. "Ok, look. We can talk about this thing... maybe I went overboard a little, but you DID like it. I know you liked it..."

"Maybe I did," admitted Fred. "Maybe you opened up some new visas for me to explore." He stood up and removed the lab coat, letting it fall to the floor. "Let's see about that."

Steve unconsciously started to shift away from Fred, working his way into the padded corner of the room. "Hey, now," he said, looking up at the completed cyborg. "You can't just do whatever you want, you know... people check up on me, there's regular check-ins and procedures..."

"I don't care," said Fred. He opened the fly of his scrubs, and Steve swallowed as he saw that Fred had gotten another upgrade.

"Thanks for the recommendation," said Fred, as he stroked his ten-inch cybercock to firmness. "My therapist says I need to find a way to express my body's sexuality while retaining my own control. This will do nicely, I guess."

"No," said Steve, as Fred stepped up to him, throbbing purple cockhead inches from Steve's face.

"Here's the deal," said Fred. "With the kinetic lamination, my skin, ALL of my skin, is about three times tougher than Kevlar. You can bite me ALL you want... you'll eventually break your teeth before you do any damage. Hell, I might like the feeling."

Steve's wide-eyed fear only grew... he knew that Fred was telling the truth. Fred slowly stroked his cock right in front of Steve's frightened face.

"I COULD just ram this bad-boy up your butthole for a while. They threw in some neural software with the upgrade; I can modulate my neural response so I don't reach orgasm as fast. Hell, not until I damn well feel like it, I guess. Then again, even if I DID cum up your ass too quick, I don't have a refractory period. I might want to get a multiple orgasm train going in you. The only limit is how much silicone and water I have in my system, and I loaded myself to capacity."

Steve suddenly felt like he was paralyzed. It took him a moment to realize he was pressing his back to the padded wall so hard that his muscles were locking in rictus. "You... you can't do that," he said. "Shit, man, come on, you don't have to do this..."

"If I DO decide to just fuck the hell out of your asshole straight away, I'm not gonna use a drop of lube," said Fred, his smile gone, his eyes flashing with anger. "Not the first time. Hell, WHEN I put this monster up you, it's going in dry. That is, unless you find a way to get it wet." He tapped the trembling ex-nurse's chin with his cockhead for emphasis.

"Fred... don't..."

"Shut up and suck my dick, or I will bend you over and give it to you. Now."

Tears welling up in the corners of his eyes, the helplessly bound ex-nurse craned his neck forward and sucked the head of the cybercock into his hot wet mouth, feeling the near-impossible hardness of it with his lips and tongue. He was careful to keep his teeth well clear; Fred was right about the possibility of breaking teeth. Hell, if Fred wasn't sufficiently gentle, with his enhanced strength and durability, he could casually snap Steve's teeth off at the gum-line without realizing it!

"Now suck, and wiggle your tongue around a little," said Fred, as he carefully adjusted the gain on his pleasure neurons. "And settle in. I might finish up today's session after four or five hours, but that all depends on how good of a little bitch you are for me."

Steve couldn't repress a sob around the thick cock that filled his mouth and pressed towards his throat. He had a moment to wish that HE had been the one with the cyborg body; the lack of a gag reflex, the toughened structure and the inability to feel pain. Then Fred's hand was pulling the hair at the back of his head and he was choking on the cybercock, and his world dissolved into sex and pain.