 I had seen a small ad in the free weekly for the CyberBrew coffee shop and while coffee does nothing for me and I have access to much better computers then they can dream of I was still drawn to come here. It was the small note at the bottom of the ad, "Live Action Roll Playing: Tuesday at 8pm Vampire the Masquerade."

I had of course heard of these games, someone in my . . . well . . . my profession I guess, has to stay current with all the trends. So when 7:30 on Tuesday came around I was already sitting at the large counter at the coffee bar where I could see the whole shop an untouched cup of black coffee in front of me.

Slowly they trickled in and it was easy to tell the game players from the random coffee junkies looking for a late night fix. They were dressed for the parts, tall pale, oh so thin boys and girls in black and scarlet regalia filled the room and I had no doubt these were the ones playing the Kindered. Others soon followed them in a wide array of costumes.

A young girl sat down next to me and being the sweet and good natured creature I am I struck up a conversation. "Hi are you involved with this game thing?" I asked even though the long clingy black Addams Family dress and white face paint left me no doubt.

"Uhhh, well yeah I just really got started in it, I only just got well bitten I guess is the best way to explain it but I am not fully a vampire yet." She smiled really very sweetly. "I have a book you can look at if you want. My name is Tisha"

I took the thin paperback book from her and offered to buy her a coffee, while she orders a shockingly sweet concoction I perused the book. Lists of clans and types of vampires passed before me on the pages, Tremer, Toreador, Malkavian, Brujah, Nasferatu. Hummmm imagine me of all people not knowing that there are so many types of suckers out there.

"Thanks for the drink, you can look at the book for a while if you want while I go and talk to my new clan." I watched as the sweet young thing scurried over to a group of elegantly dressed gaunt souls. A nearly emaciated young man wrapped his cape covered arm around her and dropped a kiss on her lips, I had to wonder whose lipstick would smudge worse, his black or her scarlet.

Quickly reading through the descriptions of each clan I saw that it was based on popular modern ideas and not the oldest of vampire myths which as a matter of course I had made my self aware of. I began to look at the different cliques around the room and guess which group thought of themselves as which clan.

In The Masquerade most vampires were social at least within their own clans and along with these there were the Fennris, known to them as werewolves and the Voshadas whose description most closely matches that of their ghouls.

How interesting it would be if this game were the truth, I am sure it would be much less lonely then the lone vampires of myth.

I saw Tisha offer her young man a sip of the Mocha I bought for her and point me out to him. "That lady over there bought it for me, she was asking about the game so I let her look at my book, I wonder if she would want to play." She said, I was really beginning to like this child.

"Well she sure doesn't look like she is dressed to play, I don't think the average player would wear a dress like that." The smart ass little weizer laughed. "Not exactly what you think of when you think of a vampire, Certainly not a toreador, our clan has an image to protect."

Swarmy little bastard, I am sure that since they were all the way across the room that he did not intend me to hear him but people are always surprised at how well I can hear and see. Usually I would have taught him a thing or two but I could see that the nice young girl was very much enraptured in him and I didn't want to hurt her. I may have a foul temper but I never forget a kindness and I have a very long memory.

I know that I look rather unprepossessing, I mean what would anyone expect from a fat woman? Personally I like my dress, I think the low cut and the soft silken green go well with my dark golden skin tone and light red hair. But then I have never expected any better from young men, most of them deserve everything they get.

"God Bry, get a load of the tits on that fat chick at the counter. Too bad she isn't about half that size." Without turning my head much I cast a glance at the young man on the other side of the room from the group who I had been watching. Slender and short, maybe nineteen if he was a day. Not my type, on the other hand his friend was much taller and rather muscular, probably twenty one with a lot of life in him, definitely my type.

I waited to hear what his friend would say, "Oh man Kevin don't tell me you are into those fat chicks. I expect better from you man, any chick who weighs more then me and I am not interested no matter how huge her tits are. I mean damn, her hips are as big around as her chest."

Bingo. I love a challenge.

I looked over at Tisha and waited to catch her eyes, as if I had called her name she turned towards me and excusing herself from her friends came over to where I was sitting. I reached out and brushed her arm as she sat her glass down and felt a reassuring spark like static electricity from a wool carpet. "Here is your book dear, I wonder if you could introduce me around to some of your friends."

She looked slightly dazed as she took the book from me and then a huge smile broke out on her face. "Oh yeah of course, ummm I don't know your name."

"Oh how rude of me, allow me to introduce myself, I am SiDaraias Sucuba but you may call me Sida." I said, giving her one of my easy smiles.

"What a great name, where is it from?" She asked as she lead me across the room to a group of young girls standing together.

"Well it is a very old name from Europe, Sida is so much easier to remember." I smiled as she introduced me to the gaggle of young girls, all as small as Tisha who I towered over, no two of them could equal my size. As usual I was always sure to shake hands and make small talk with everyone I spoke with, it puts you so much more in... well lets say contact with people.

As if reading my mind Tisha began to lead me across the room introducing me as we went. "This is my great friend Sida, she is really interesting." Tisha would exclaim as if we had not just met a little while before. Finally we had arrived at my destination.

"Bry, Kevin, I want you to meet my friend Sida." Bry and his little friend looked shocked that the woman they had made rude comments about was now standing in front of them. Young Kevin was extra shocked since I towered over his five foot six inch frame nearly matching his friends six foot three height. I brushed hands with Kevin and gave him a smile just a little warmer then those I had spread around the room. His hand suddenly seemed warm and damp in mine almost as if he were afraid, who said today's youth are all stupid?.

I turned towards the tall golden young man I had chosen to torment for his rude comments. I took his hand and looked deep into his hazel eyes and smiled my most powerful smile, the one that has never failed me in so many years.

The room had begun to fill with noise so I leaned forward and brushed one of my tits across his strong arm and not letting go of his hand or his eyes I quietly said, "Well Bryan Matthew Kinkade it seems that you and I have something in common."

Bry was so shocked at that moment that he didn't even seem to notice that not only did I know his name I had also not let go of his hand. "Ummm, uhhh, What's that?"

"Why we both think I am amazingly sexy of course." There was no laugh in my voice now and the melodic tone of it could only be heard by Bryan even though his friends stood only inches away. I stepped back from him and released my grip and for a few seconds he continued to hold my hand.

A completely bemused look crossed his face as if he was just realizing an amazingly important truth. "You are right." He said staring me in the eyes.

"So what are you going to do about it dear boy?" I said as I turned away and went back to my now cold cup of black coffee.

I could see young Kevin asking his friend what we had been talking about as Tisha wandered back to her boyfriend who would never know how her love had spared him.

"What the hell did she say to you, dude you have the weirdest look on your face. Why were you holding that fat cows hand like that." Kevin whined.

"Don't ever call her that Kevin. I was so fuckin' wrong dude she is gorgeous, just look at those eyes, that mouth and that body." Bryan's voice seemed to be coming from somewhere deep inside of him. "I can't believe I didn't see it before."

Kevin looked shocked, an expression I adore, "Dude have you lost your fucking mind? She is huge."

Bryan moved surprisingly fast for one of his kind, grabbing his friends arm. "Don't! Don't ever say anything rude about her again man or I swear I will knock you stupid." Ummm don't you just love contention?

I ran my hands through my hair and silently whispered Bryan's name, he let go of his little friend and spun around to stare at me with that amazing look of awe I so enjoy. I gave a huge sigh, knowing what it does to my body and how my chest rises and falls. Before I had completely let the breath go Bryan was standing before my stool.

"Well Bryan what do you have to say for yourself, I heard the rude comments you made about me when I first came in. Explain yourself. . .Now."

Bryan of course never questioned the fact that I had heard him all the way across a crowded room "Ohhh God I was so wrong, you are amazing, please let me make it up to you. I just want to make you happy." Bryan begged and for a moment I thought he might actually drop to his knees.

"Of course you do silly boy, how do you think you can make me happy? Aren't you afraid of what your friends will think?" I kept my voice low so that he would have to bend close to me to hear, when I had stopped talking he stayed close.

"My friends are fools Sida, they must not see you like I do. I would do anything just to kiss you." Oh that nice little pleading tone of voice, I never tire of it.

I stared him in the eyes and wet my lips, "Really, I assure you will do anything. Very well if you want to have anything to do with me you will give me your best kiss and if I approve of it you will take my arm and walk out of here with me without so much as looking back."

Bryan leaned forward and met my lips, his kiss was sweet and tender, unsure at first and as it continued it became more passionate, more sure. I could hear gasps and various comment around the room as I wrapped my soft arms around him. Just before breaking the kiss I took a deep breath as if to pull the vary air from his lungs or maybe just a tiny piece of his soul.

He gasped and reached for my arm as he helped me down from the stool, as we headed for the door I could hear his friends comments about how he was behaving with a woman nearly as tall as him and easily twice his size. Bryan of course neither saw or heard any of it.

Outside in the near darkness I directed him towards my car, long, low and black it waited to envelope us in dark silky leather seats and perfect stereo sound. I love the contained rumble of my car, the power beneath me as I pulled out of the parking lot. Bryan of course had not asked where we were going, his trust in me absolute.

I felt his hand brush my plentiful belly through the silk of my dress as he scooted closer to me on the bench seat. I allowed his hands to explore my body as I pulled up to the driveway to my house and pushed a button to open the gate across the drive. While not a large house it is set on a full acre of land and surrounded by trees and a stone wall, I enjoy my privacy. I don't think Bryan even noticed that we had arrived at the house until I opened the door and got out. He pushed open the other door and ran to meet me in front of the car.

I know that as I lead him toward the house he saw only me and not the whitewashed. ivy covered cottage we were walking into. As soon as I closed the door behind him I grabbed him and pushed him against the wall, the kiss lasted three times as long and I took a much deeper breath of him this time. I kept him pushed against the wall knowing that his legs would be weak now. I ran my hands over his muscular chest enjoying the feel of his skin through his shirt. Yes this one would last a long time.

"I want you naked." I said and stepped back, digging my fingers into his black t-shirt and with a pull ripping it from his chest before he could even reach for his belt. He fumbled with the clasp on his belt and I couldn't wait so I pushed his hands away and began to undo it and his pants. His hands were around my back, trying to find the fasteners for my dress as he was kicking off his shoes. As I let his jeans drop tot he ground I stepped back and reaching behind me letting the dress drop down my body until I stood there in only a bra.

He reached for his underwear and I could see the look on his face as he realized that the whole time I was in the coffee shop I had had no underwear on. I had known the moment I had looked at him that he would be well endowed and I was glad to see I was not wrong. I reached out and wrapped my hand around his raging hard-on and used it to lead him toward my bedroom.

Once there I pushed him on the bed and climbed on after him, I straddled him, pushing him down into the bed. I gave a little bounce so he could get the full effect of my weight on him and enjoyed the look of pleasure in his eyes.

I leaned forward so that my breasts were smashed between us and grabbed his hair, pulling him closer to me, kissing him deeply, enjoying the surge of energy it gave me. This one was definitely yummy, I would have to go carefully so as to make him last.



His young strong body felt so good under my soft fat flesh, and I could feel his hard pressing against my thighs as I kissed him, careful not to breath in while touching his lips, I wanted him to last, days, weeks, with proper care months before I set him free if he was lucky.

I sat up straddling his stomach feeling his washboard abs flex against my full soft pussy lips and I knew that he could fell my hot wetness against him because he began to flex and push him self upward. I was staring him in the eyes, enjoying the look of adoration I had seen innumerable time over more years then I could count from more young men then I could ever remember.

"Bryan what do you want?" I asked in the purring whisper I knew could tear his mind apart.

He looked at me and sighed "Oh please, Please let me make you happy Sida, any thing."

"Do you want to see my breasts Bryan? You said you did not care how big a woman's breast were if she was as fat as me you were not interested. Surely you are not interested in my breasts Bryan dear."

"Oh no Sida" he cried. "Please you are my Goddess, my only one, I worship you, I was a fool, I hadn't seen you clearly, I would beg like an animal for you My Demon Queen, My Goddess, My Dark One. Please let me worship your body, let me worship your belly and your mammoth breasts and your wonderful full ass, you are a true Goddess."

For a moment I was shocked and few had shocked me ever in a life so long that at time even my amazing memory had clouds. No one had called me these things without my couching in longer then I could remember a date for, my fellows Dark Women, Goddesses, Succubus' (so many legends have risen around us) and my's true worshipers had faded in the face of cross we had scattered to the far corners of the world, and I did not know if they still survived. Had this child truly recognized me for what I was or was he wrapped up in the game he played.

I would have to know soon but first a different hunger that I had not had in years was shaking me, real lust, a pure primal desire for a mans body was driving me. No games. No soul taking. No mind fucking. I wanted him, his body, his cock, his hands and I wanted it now.

"Bryan, I want you to touch me, anywhere you want, worship me, lick me, suck me, do what you want, I will tell you what is right if you do something wrong, show me how much you desire me." I reached behind me and undid my bra and watched Bryan's eyes as his hands came up to catch my huge breasts as the spilled out of the bra. I tossed it aside as he began to kneed and pull on my long thick nipples, tugging on them, twisting on them, testing how heavy my breasts are, how far my nipples would go and how high he could lift my breasts with them.

The entire time he was mumbling about how beautiful his Goddess was, how amazing his demon lover was, how he could not believe he was finally touching a dark angel, then he pulled me by the nipple to his mouth. I grabbed his hair and pulled his head to my breast, usually I did not allow men to suckle from me, cause to do so gave them strength while taking none from me, but for some reason the idea of Bryan being strong enough to last a long time pleased me.

The feeling of his suckling was driving me insane and I could not stand it, I pulled away and pulled myself off of Bryan and grabbed his hair and pushed him between my meaty thighs. I was dripping with juices and I needed to cum or I would scream with frustration and my frustration was dangerous to this boy even deadly.

He dove for my cunt like a starving man, as if he had not eaten in a week, pushing my thick thighs far enough apart to get his broad shoulders in he put his beautiful face in deep between my meat mons and began to lick and suck up my juices. His tongue first lapped the entire length from my ass to my clit cleaning up the juices and then he found my clit and began to suck as if there were no tomorrow, of course if I was not pleased there may very well be no tomorrow for him.

I began to shake and squirm and my belly and tits rolled from side to side and jiggled all over the place and still he held on as if riding a wild animal. I felt my orgasm coming on on me and grabbed his hair and pushed him harder to me as he slid two fingers deep inside of me and began to probe around, swishing them back and forth. I exploded.

I began to try to pull him off of me but he would not come off, he softly licked my tender clitty and licked my hole to get my juices so after a moment I stopped trying to pull him away, I had never tried very hard to start with. My pleasure began to build again and with in a minute I came again and then he caused another more powerful orgasm minutes after that.

Finally shaking and raw I had to pull him away and pull him on top of me so I could kiss him and taste myself on him.

"Goddess did I please you?" he asked after our kiss.

I licked his face. "Silly question boy, now you are going to please me more. You are going to take that big cock of your and you are going to fuck me good." I said with one last lick of my sweet juices from his face.

His smile was a mile wide at the idea of putting himself in me. I turned my back to him and told him to mount me from behind. I felt his hands on my hips as he took his long thick cock and guided in to my tight hole. It felt so wonderful to be filled by this virile young man and to hear his worshipful words.

"Sida your ass is amazing, you have the perfect pearshaped ass, so round and full, I love slamming my body against it as I fill your tight pussy, you are my Goddess Dark One and you have the perfect body of a goddess, no small woman could ever contain your power."

My hips belly and breasts rubbed against the satin sheets as he pounded me over and over loving me with his words and young body. Finally I flipped over so I could see his face as he continues to fuck me, his cock sliding nearly all of the way out of me and then slamming home again. I was breathing hard and felt my orgasm begin to near.
