 This is a little late for Halloween but I hope you will still enjoy reading it. Thanks for trying it out anyway...:)

First, I guess I should tell you a little about me. I am the girl at the office that you see and you know; maybe you even like me a little; but I don't draw the attention like some of the other women do. I view myself as simply average: average height, average breast size and average looks. I don't flaunt myself for anyone at the office and am perfectly content to stand on the sidelines and watch from afar. 

I am so laid back and unnoticeable that I hadn't even had a boyfriend in the last couple years. I was even fine with that, albeit a little frustrated in the sex department. Let's face it, my hands and my vibrator can only do so much for so long. But I wasn't one of those women that needed to have a man to depend on. Nor was I wanting to pursue one, figuring that if the timing was right for "Mr. Right", we would somehow just manage to find one another. I guess you could call me a true romantic at heart, or maybe that was the first sign that I was about to lose what mind I had.

You could say that my story began around the time of the autumnal equinox though you would be wrong. It actually began when I had gone out with a female friend of mine about the middle of July, but even I didn't realize that until much later on.

What made me figure it out is what you may be asking now, so I will tell you my story. Things really were moving along quite normally until about the first of October, or at the very least everything appeared normal to me, though some say that I began acting differently in September. Then my life got really weird, real quick. The people I am friends with attributed it to the new equinox and the coming of the seasons that I like the most, autumn for the changing leaves and Halloween. 

What did I begin to notice around the first of October? Well, my cat and most faithful companion, Midnight, began to act really strange, even more skittish than usual. She would growl and arch her back when we were alone. At first, I only laughed at her silly antics and went on about what I was doing but eventually I had to take more notice of it. She had always been an entertaining cat to own because of her sudden mood swings but it struck me as odd that it was occurring so much more often. 

After I began paying attention to what she was doing I began to see other things going on as well. Things being moved around, a glass left on the counter being put in the dishwasher, the remote control for the TV being placed on top of the TV rather than by the chair where I sit to watch it. Anyone would say that it must have been someone else moving things around but I live alone except for Midnight and I know she couldn't be the one playing mind games with me.

Again, I at first thought how I was letting my silly imagination get the best of me, but it seemed as each day went on, more things began to occur. When I would go to take my shower at night before bed, things would be one way and when I got out of the shower they would be different; my bedside light would be on when I had left the over head on, covers would be pulled back as if inviting me to go to sleep. I considered the possibility that I was simply losing my mind and doing these things and then forgetting I had done them. It just didn't make any sense to me that I would do that. However, that was unacceptable, if I couldn't pin it on Midnight and I couldn't point fingers at anyone else then it must have been me that was the problem.

Then, I began to have dreams. They were the most revealing over the following weeks. They started like the other things, simple. Again, it was nothing that you would really wake up from and say, "That was weird." They started simply with someone being in my room watching me sleep. I could feel him wanting to touch me. Then, within the next day or two he would touch me; the next time he would kiss me. The touches were innocent, his hand on my head, fingers running through my hair, maybe a hand taking hold of mine. The kisses began on my forehead, and then they moved to my cheek. The next night he was kissing my lips, chastely. The kisses then deepened to where I could feel his tongue exploring my mouth. Within a few nights of the first innocent kisses began, the touches grew bolder as well. Any where that his hands touched, his mouth was soon to follow. If hands slid down the side of my neck, he would kiss down my neck, hands on shoulders and a nibble followed soon after, his fingers tweaking my nipples then a flick his tongue on them. Each night and every touch became so much more physical than the dream before. I would wake up very turned on by the dreams, even if it was only a light touch of his lips upon my forehead, no matter how erotic they were, I felt drawn to him. 

How did I know it was a man that haunted my dreams? I really have no certain answer for that question but I just somehow felt it was a man. Maybe the shadowy image of a person watching me sleep had seemed manly; maybe the hands felt manly, I'm not sure. I just knew that it was a man that was teasing me.

Anyway, it didn't take long for his touches to continue growing bolder and his mouth followed his fingers lead. They would slide slowly down from my breasts to my belly button, maybe teasing it a little, letting me think that his aim was for my pussy only to retreat and head back up to tease my nipples more. 

Once when I was sleeping on my stomach he began with his fingers, scratching my back, (which I personally enjoy greatly) and then his lips began kissing a hot trail down my spine. His hands began to massage and squeeze the cheeks of my ass while his mouth worked magic on my spine. Before that dream was over with I could feel myself trying to push back and seek more attention from him. With his hands being that close to my now aching pussy I was going insane, but no matter how much I tried to move and push myself onto his fingers, I only managed to touch air.

It seemed that no matter where he touched after that night, no matter how innocent the touch was, I could feel my body growing wet, opening up to accept him inside myself. I had been touched by men before this but never had I felt it so intensely. Even during some of my best past sexual experiences I had never reached the heights that a small touch from the man in my dreams could take me to. 

When this began I really started to feel that my overactive imagination had really gotten the best of me. I was about ready to head for the nearest Dr. to see if he couldn't help me get my imagination under control. I was even more certain of that possibility when it began to interfere in my days at home and awake as well.

I could be watching TV and feel someone nearby or sense someone watching me, but no one would be there. If Midnight were there when I would feel "It" she would really go crazy. She would start making the hissing noises that cats do when they are really ticked off about something, usually followed by a growl and immense concentration on some part of the room we were in. If I was feeling the touches, then her gaze would be directed in my general direction.

"Maybe I'm not so crazy after all." I thought to myself, knowing that the other things I could come up with to explain it were probably even crazier since most of us as humans don't seem to believe in the possibility ghosts. What made it worse was that I was beginning to feel that was the only real answer to all the questions I had running through my mind.

I'm not sure if my realization of what it may be made what ever it was happy or not. It seemed as if as soon as I began thinking of it as a "ghost" it doubled its efforts. More weird things happened, the same stuff as before just a lot more of it, the dreams continued, but grew in intensity. Where as before they would generally stop before it got too physical, I would now wake up from the dreams with "His" (my) hand between my legs. First time it was his fingers teasing my clit, the next time it was his fingers buried deeply inside my pussy and pumping them against me as if they were his cock. He did so well with it that I actually wondered a few times if maybe he was using his cock, when I would wake up and even my hands were no where near my pussy. Of course as with in the past dreams, where his fingers went his mouth was soon to follow. I would feel a heated breath of air hovering just above my clit and then what seemed to be a quick kiss before more hovering. I was slightly disappointed in the fact that he stopped letting his mouth go where his fingers did, choosing instead it seemed to make me beg and wish for his mouth rather than just give it to me "now".

He never attempted to take it all the way to where we were fucking in the dreams but when he touched me I knew that he wanted to fuck me. Call it intuition if you want to but I some how thought that if he could take it all the way then he most certainly would. 

I say again that I had never been as turned on as I was during those dreams, nor when I woke up from them. Needing to be satisfied so badly was sometimes almost like a physical pain. I would think of using my vibrator on myself, but not really wanting him to see how fully he was getting to me, I would refuse to do it.

The oddest thing that I experienced with him was the night that I woke up from one of those dreams where I could feel his fingers inside my pussy and his mouth and tongue exploring my mouth. I felt a lump in the bed beside me as if a person was lying there and I had to force myself to not become more excited by the chance that tonight would be the night we finished it. By the time I turned on the light though the lump was gone and still yet I am not sure if it was only my imagination that night or not.

Then when the daytime touches became more intimate, I really thought I would go crazy. I could be fully dressed; jeans and a tee shirt, skirt whatever and I would feel a touch on my pussy again starting out simply a gentle flick of my clit. Sometimes it was his fingers working in circles over my clit, usually right at the top of my throbbing little nub where I like to be teased the most. His fingers were very gentle, coaxing a response out of me and I can honestly say that it didn't take much effort on his part. It didn't take him long to work up to where he was trying to fuck my pussy with his fingers even though I was fully dressed. I would feel his coaxing little circles gradually get bigger and then his fingers would dip inside my wet pussy as what I assumed to be his thumb worked steadily on my clit.

Now, I know that you are probably thinking about how lucky I am to be receiving this kind of attention from anyone albeit a ghost or my imagination playing games. If someone were telling me this story I would probably be a little envious of their good fortune as well. Let me go ahead and clear up one little detail-he always stopped before I reached my peak. Not once during this time did he ever get me off. Talk about a major frustration; that was one. After so long without anyone or anything but my vibrators and my own fingers, I was desperate to have a real cock in me now. How could I not be with the endless teasing he was putting me through? I mean, imagine if you can, being brought so close and not finish every night, and then it starts to happen during the day as well. I was so in need of a real cock, I threatened to go out to a bar and find me a man to give the cock I so desperately needed. I think that thought of mine ticked him off or something, it pushed him up a level. He took our private encounters into the public eye. I assume that by doing so he was trying to prove that he would stop me from finding a real cock.

Everyone at the office was planning the Halloween party when he showed me that he was going to work me over in public if I went out to find my own relief. I suddenly began having one of those mysterious finger fuckings. The ones where he runs his finger up and down my slit spreading my wetness over me before sliding his fingers deep inside me to pull out more of my juices and begin the torment again. I figure I then became really quiet and was sitting with eyes closed not that I was saying much to begin with, I wasn't sure I was going to attend, but I guess I must have moaned or something because everyone suddenly wanted to know what was wrong with me. To which I of course had to say that nothing was wrong lest they think I am insane. 

I chose to ignore the invisible fingers as well as I possibly could, but god they felt so good, all the while hoping that this time they would bring me off and stop leaving me so frustrated. Of course though, he wasn't finished teasing me and so he took me almost to my peak and then suddenly stopped once again. As I groaned in frustration I once again had everyone in the room watching me but even I realize that a groan is nothing compared to what I may have done if he had allowed me to cum right there. 

I did what any sensible person would do in that situation. I blushed furiously red, excused myself as not feeling like myself, ran from the room and left for the day. I headed to the library to see what I could find regarding "pleasure ghosts", and of course there wasn't much to be seen. It seems that unless you have a really mean ghost in your house breaking things and trying to harm you or others. No one wants to talk about those. I wanted to ask the people that wrote those books why they wouldn't write about the mean ghost that leaves you hungry for orgasm. 

I went to a few other bookstores with still no luck at all. Then in a last ditch effort to find something resembling an answer I went to the one place I would never have imagined I would have need of.

She had been in town for many years, since before I could remember. It was said that she was able to see things that others couldn't. Some would call her clairvoyant some would say physic and still others would say just plain crazy. I had never met her, but I had heard all the rumors including that she had helped someone with a ghost problem twenty years ago or so. 

I felt like I was being urged forward as I walked up onto the porch and was surprised by the sign above the door that said, "When things go bump in the night, come see me." I couldn't imagine that she would point it out like that considering what people had been saying about her. 

I hesitantly knocked on the door though she seemed to already know I was there since her "Come in" quickly followed my first quiet knock. I turned the knob and got my first glance of the woman so many called crazy. To say I was surprised by her would be an understatement. She looked only a few years older than my thirty years, but if she were that young then I would have seen her in school or something. She had dark brown hair and I could tell it was natural by the silver streaks shining in the light above her head. She was taller than my five feet, and very slender. She was a very pretty woman and I had expected the old ugly woman image you hear of when speaking of a witch or something and that was by far not the case with her.

She interrupted my thoughts of her with, "I see you have a problem. Want me to tell you what it is?"

I was shocked by her forthright comment. Though, I respected the fact that she was confident enough to be that way. I nodded yes, and asked how she had known.

"Besides the fact that you are here and knocking on my door?" she questioned with a slight smile to show she was teasing and I blushed at her humor over the fact that rarely people would come to see her, not sure what I was suppose to reply with. She saved me from trying with, "I also see that you have brought someone with you," looking somewhere behind me still out on the porch.

I wasn't sure what she meant so I turned to look as well, expecting to see someone. When I turned back to look at her she must have seen my confusion as she laughed and said, "Come with me. We will talk." As it occurred to me that she may be able to see the one who was bothering me.

After we had sat down, on the chairs in her living room, she once again began with her up front ways, "Now, tell me what is going on with you."

"Well, I get the feeling that I have someone with me. I dream about someone, touching me, my cat is fine one minute and very upset the next. Usually when she is upset, I can feel someone there or a touch of someone." I began trying to get as much out as possible before I convinced myself that I was crazy for being there. I paused trying to figure out how to continue and, was waiting on her to tell me how crazy it was and there was no such thing as what I was talking about. But she didn't say anything remotely close to that.

Instead asking, "What do you dream of? When you feel this touch, where is it?"

I blushed as I begin to explain how both had started innocently with him moving things and stuff but now were very intimate. She asked for more detail so I told her about earlier at the office and other times that had happened though not so public, and about the dreams where I wake up so turned on that it hurts.

She questioned if he had ever hurt me, or done anything bad and I answered honestly that he hadn't. Then she appeared to think it over for a while, total silence filled the room as I waited for what she had to say. It was so quiet that when she did finally speak, I jumped a little.

"I think he wants to get your attention. Not sure why exactly but I don't feel that you are in any danger. I think his plans for you will be revealed soon. Just follow his lead and your gut. The sooner you find what he wants to show you, the sooner he will disappear. I am certain of it."

"Okay? I can't go on with him touching me like that at the job though. I would rather him not touch me like that at all. He is very talented with his hands and it is very frustrating to not have a real body doing it to me. I'm not sure how much more of his teasing I will be able to handle." I almost cry in frustration.

"So tell him that. The next time he touches you at work tell him that isn't acceptable. When he touches you at home and you're uncomfortable with it, tell him what you really need. It is very obvious that he wants to communicate with you in some way about something, start showing him how to. Maybe it is you he feels is in need of something more, so he is trying to give it to you. I'm not sure. You could even ask him things. Ask for a name or something basic, and then later ask what he is after. If he wishes to communicate then he will find a way to show his name to you. There are many ways to talk without saying a word."

"I don't know" I began hesitantly, "I sometimes feel that he is leading me, communicating something, like today when I began coming towards your house, I felt as though he wanted me to be here, was pushing me towards here."

"Yes I am sure he was he wants you to know that he isn't here to hurt you, and that he wants to show you something. I can feel that with him. You are safe from harm but you do need to find what it is he is trying to show so that you both can move on."

We talked for a while longer. I questioned her about when she had opened the door, "Had she seen him?" to which she stated that she hadn't seen him but could see a shadow and assumed it was him. She asked for me to return when I found what I was looking for, and I soon left her house with my mind pondering all the things she had told me of.

I didn't feel my ghost friend as much that night as I had been in recent times. Though, I knew inside myself that he wasn't far away. I thought of her recommendation that I question him as to his name and I felt like a fool as I questioned the room in general what his name was. Then, focused more on the thoughts of him and asked him directly, or at least as directly as you can ask someone a question when you can't see them. I didn't know what form my question would be answered in though I had half hoped to just hear some breath of wind or something whispering a name as you often hear about happening in some ghost stories and stuff.
