 Once everyone had come back to their senses, they all huddled around Clara. Clara was putting on one of Jack's oversized jackets to cover her new assets and Sarah was off retrieving the meteorite from her tent.

As the team gathered around her, Clara felt a bit intimidated. Everyone was looking at her like she was an alien from a far away land.

'It's kind of a funny story, but first Sarah's bringing over what we think is the culprit.' Clara said, looking over her shoulder to see Sarah carrying the meteorite in her busted shirt to refrain from touching it.

'The culprit?' Haley asked. Haley was an older researcher and the leader of the team. She looked at the two women with great skepticism.

'This is it. It's a meteorite that we found in our dig site. We cracked it open and it had a peculiar liquid inside. We decided to keep it to ourselves to study further.' Sarah explained, showing everyone the space rock.

'You do realise we're here to research this area - including meteorites?' Hayley scowled. 'You should of reported it.'

'We know, it was stupid. It just seemed so strange and we both just became obsessed.' Clara said, looking down.

'Meteorites do not cause dramatic lactation like this, ladies.' Hayley said in a matter of fact tone. 'And just one case of this happening does not prove such a correlation.

Clara looked up at Sarah, hoping she'd back her up.

'Well, not just one case. My breasts also grew, Hayley. Not to the explosive extent of Clara's - but still.' Sarah explained, lifting her shirt to reveal her new perky F cups. The site of Sarah's full bust was met with gasps from the men in the research team. Hayley just rolled her eyes.

'Ladies, this is ridiculous. Have you taken some dodgy pills from the internet? Or are you allergic to something?' 

Sarah and Clara both looked at each other, knowing full well it was the meteorite that caused their unnatural expansion. 

'Hayley, we both studied the same degree as you. We're as confused as you. Hell I was so skeptical I licked the bloody thing to prove Sarah wrong and look what happened to me!' Clara said, frustrated with Hayley's skepticism.

'I believe them!' Jack suddenly piped up.

Everyone turned and looked at Jack, who looked quite nervous to stand up to Hayley in such a way.

'Of course you do, Jack. I'm sure your intentions are so pure!' Hayley said, in a not so subtle snarky tone. 'We all saw your raging boner when Clara was about to burst! Pervert!'

Sarah scoffed. She couldn't believe the hostility coming from a normally placid woman. 

'Hayley, do you honestly believe anything on this planet could cause a woman's chest to grow so rapidly and so large that she almost explodes? Because In all of my years studying biology, I have never heard anything of the sort.' Jack snapped back.

A silence came over the camp. Hayley simply glared at Jack, then to Clara and Sarah.

'I'm going to bed. I don't want to hear anymore of this nonsense. Put the meteorite in our crate for transportation to the museum. We need to pick up the pace tomorrow. These two have slowed us down.' Hayley said, walking off towards her tent.

Sarah sighed. She wasn't sure why Hayley was so angry about their discovery. She wondered if Hayley secretly knew the money making potential such a rock could have. The amount of women who would pay thousands to have their breasts enlarged so rapidly. Hell, if they could synthesis the chemical makeup of the meteorite's liquid it could be sold in pill form! The opportunities are endless.

Everyone followed Hayley's lead and began to turn in for the night. Clara decided to go with Sarah to her tent for a while. They couldn't just let this go. They decided to defy Hayley and continue to study the meteorite themselves. They both knew the huge potential of their discovery. 

'Why is she being a massive bitch?!' Clara whispered in the safety of their tent.

'Because she's jealous. We're younger than her, we're recent graduates and we've discovered something new, something that can have unlimited potential - something that gave us some of the best damn tiddies I ever saw!'

'True. Very true... Sarah, are we going to be rich?' Clara asked, her eyes widening.

'Maybe. If we can keep this in our control. We need to document everything for legal purposes. I think it could get messy.' 

Suddenly they were startled by a sound outside their tent. Footsteps, coming closer and closer. 

'Guys!' A familiar voice whispered.

'Uhhh, Jack?' Sarah whispered back.

'Yeah, you still up for that game of Uno?' 

'Uhhhh...sure, come in!' Sarah whispered, giving Clara a strange look.

Jack unzipped the tent and rolled in. Suddenly things became a bit more cozy with the three of them in a medium sized tent. 

'Howdy!'

'Howdy yourself!' Sarah said, watching him awkwardly find a place to sit. 

'So, what a bitch -huh?' Jack said, referring to Hayley.

'Shhh! Keep it down!' Clara whispered. They didn't want to piss Hayley off anymore. 

'We've actually had a change of plan. Instead of Uno - do you want to help us study the magic meteorite?' Sarah asked, slowly revealing the now infamous space rock.

Jack felt his cock twitch. He'd give anything to see one or both of these girls expand again. Everything about it was erotic - the panic, the way Clara's tits busted out of her clothing. The way she uncontrollably came over and over. He even had to admit her moaning that she was gonna pop reminded him of a woman moaning at climax. 

'So how are we going to do this?' Jack asked.

Sarah revealed a mineral identifying instrument she nicked from the tool cabinet. 

'First, let's see what this bad boys made out of. Here, you film!' Sarah said, shoving a camera into Jacks hands. 

Clara held a torch over the meteorite, while Sarah calibrated and then placed the machine over the cracked part of the rock. A few minutes passed as the machine calculated before returning the results. Most everything was normal. Iron, carbon etc. The machine also gave a reading of unidentified organic substance. 

'Hmmm. Gotcha?' Clara said, scratching her head.

'Must contain some sort of bacteria, maybe?' Jack suggested.

'We don't have the equipment here to determine that. We'll have to smuggle it to a lab when we go home.' Sarah said, pursing her lips scrolling through the results of the instrument. 

'Isn't it a bit dangerous to be exposed to a potentially unknown space bacteria?' Clara asked.

'Too late now!' Sarah said, poking Clara's round tits!

Suddenly things went quiet and Sarah and Clara both looked at each other, then to Jack.

'What...hold up, I ain't touching that thing! I don't want space titties!' Jack said, moving away from the girls.

'Oh come on, Jack! For science?' Sarah said in an almost seductive tone.

'Yeah Jack! If you do this for us, maybe we'll touch it as well and give you a little show!' Clara moaned in a most un authentic manner.

Jack scrunched his face. He was curious to know if the meteorite was the true cause of such body changes. He took a leap of faith, grabbing the meteorite with his bare hands and rubbed it all over. He then put the rock down and looked at his chest, hoping nothing would happen. A minute passed without anything. Then five. Then ten. Suddenly Clara gasped and pointed.

'What, what?!' Jack was panicking.

'Your...your...' Clara was pointing at Jacks crotch. 

Jack looked down to see his cock was fully erect and had pitched a tent in his shorts. 

'Oh, what? I didn't even notice I got hard.' Jack said, blushing.

Sarah sat and stared. She was mesmerized by Jack's erection. 'Clara owes me 50 bucks. He does have a huge cock!' Sarah thought. 

'So the space rock just gives men erections? Move over Viagra!' Jack laughed. His cock was now throbbing.

Clara gasped again and she watched his cock move and throb in his shorts. 

'Was it always this big or has the rock made it grow?' Clara asked, her hand was clasped over her mouth.

'No this looks about normal. I just feel fuller? Like suddenly I really need to release this growing pressure inside me.' Jack explained, watching as the front of his shorts emitted a small wet patch of pre cum. 

Two to girls just sat and watched Jack squirm and suffer before them. They couldn't believe their eyes.

'Ohh, my dick feels so full! Like my balls ache now! And my prostate feels under a lot of pressure...' Jack explained, closing his eyes. 

At this point Clara had the camera and had filmed everything for...documentation. It was clear to them both that Jack was gonna pop his load very soon.

'Do you guys mind, if I... ' Jack gestured at his shorts. 

'Oh, not...no not at all!' Sarah fumbled the words.

Jack pulled his pants down to release his large throbbing cock. It was veiny and leaking precum like a volcano about to blow. Clara zoomed in with the camera, capturing every intimate detail. She began to narrate.

'The twenty five year old subject was exposed to the meteorite and has grown increasingly sexually aroused. He has had an erection for the last five minutes and has begun to emmitt pre ejaculate without any physical or visual stimulation. The meteorite has had some sort of aphrodisiac effect on the subject. He continues to...' Clara's narration was cut off by a sudden explosion of cum from Jack's cock as he moaned uncontrollably. 

The two were covered as Jack continued to shoot an incredible amount of cum. It got on their faces and in their mouths as they shield themselves from what seemed like a torrential downpour of cum. The roof of the tent was covered as was Sarah's sleeping bag. And Jack continued pumping out long thick streams of his cum. All Sarah and Clara could do it watch it awe as Jack's explosion continued and drenched them before he eventually subsided after 15 seconds of powerful ejaculation. Jack collapsed backwards in a haze of ecstacy.

'What...what was that?!' Clara yelled, forgetting to keep her voice down.

'Tell me that's not normal for you, Jack?!' Sarah asked, wiping his cum from her lips.

'I'm so sorry... no that wasn't normal...that was superhuman or something!' Jack moaned between breaths. 

'Sarah...did you touch the meteorite again?' Clara murmed, looking at Sarah's chest.

'No, why?' Sarah asked before she realised what was happening. 'Shit!'

Sarah's breasts were growing once again. Her permanent F cup had already expanded to a large G cup and well on its way to a H. Her large shirt began to make the distinct groaning sound as her filling bust tested it's limits. Jack watched in awe, his cock was throbbing again. 

'Oh god, how!? We didn't even touch the meteorite??' Sarah moaned as the pleasurable feeling of her growth returned.

'Ohhhhh... shit. Mine are growing too!' Clara moaned and arched her back.

Clara's tits were visibly inflating while Sarah's were expanding slowly. But that changed in a matter of minutes as both girls' breasts began growing at an alarming pace. Jack watched back and forth as the girls swelled and moaned in front of him. He was hypnotised watching their shirts rise and strain, while the outline of their breasts grew more apparent. Sarah's nipples were hard and visible through her tightening shirt.

'Ohhh fuck! Maybe his cum transmitted whatever came from the meteorite?' Clara asked.

'Sexually transmitted titties?' Sarah shrieked between moans. 'The pressures building so much!'

'Me too!' Clara replied, looking down at her balloon like breasts that were getting rounder and fuller by the second. 

Jack couldn't help himself and began stroking his cock as he stared at the crazy site before him. His mouth was wide open as both girls shirt's seemed to bust open at the same time, scattering buttons everywhere.

'That was my favourite shirt!' Sarah moaned louder, her hand was now down her pants rubbing her clit. As she rubbed herself, her engorged balloon like breasts bounced and wobbled. 

'Oh Jack, what are you... ohh...' Clara looked at Jack stroking his large cock and her breasts grew faster is response. They were getting rounder and fuller and tighter. 

Both girls now had breasts the size of beach balls. Sarah had one arm around her inflating bust and the other hand down working her clit. It seemed that as both girls grew more aroused, the faster they grew. Clara was on her back, pulling her nipples and massaging her swollen round tits. Jack stroked faster and faster as he watched two beautiful women at the mercy of their giant breasts. 

'Oh Clara, I'm so full! I don't know how much bigger I can get!' Sarah moaned, squeezing her firm and squishy tits together.

'Same! I can feel the tightness again! I feel like I'm gonna pop again!' Clara moaned, returning to the dangerous reality of the situation. 

'Jack you gotta help us! You gotta squeeze us before we blow!' Sarah moaned loudly. You need to squeeze the milk out! Please Jack! I think I'm gonna burst!

Jack just continued stroking. He was in a trance. He was obsessed by the two pairs of swelling balloon like tits that had filled the tent up. The tent walls were now bulging at the seams and both girls were panicking between orgasms.

'Jack! Stop stroking your cock before we fucking pop!' Clara screamed.

He stroked harder and faster as her watched their full, round and tight tits expand outwards. The tent began to rip before it's seams exploded with great force. 

'How big can they get!' Jack thought. 

'Jack, oh my god i'm so full. My skin is so tight! They keep inflating! You need to milk us now! We're going to fucking explode like water balloons!' Sarah yelled, helplessly squeezing her massive perky tits.

Both girls looked very much overinflated. At this point they weren't growing in size, but were seemingly filling up, despite having no room - their breasts were now spherical and growing dangerously engorged.

'Fine!' He grumbled as he stood up, realising the rest of the camp had come to see what was happening.

The two were now both pinned down by their huge tits, and they were fully exposed as the tent lay in tatters around them.

'Help! Sarah, Jack! I'm gonna pop! Oh why the fuck does this feel so good!' Clara screamed.

Jack ran to Clara and stuck his cock between her giant tits and squeezed both sides of them together as hard as he could. He squeezed harder and harder until she began squirting milk all over him. 

'Don't forget me!' Sarah shrieked.

Jack got up from a writhing and lactating Clara and jumped on Sarah. He stuck his cock between her massive yoga ball sized breasts and squeezed them harder than ever. He pumped his cock between them and as she began to explode with milk gushing from her engorged nipples. He came again, making sure to miss her with his giant load of cum so she didn't expand again. 

Both girls slowly deflated, as it were - milk went from a forceful gush, to a slow trickle. Jack joined them on the sand in a complete daze. He'd never experienced such a powerful orgasm before. All three of them had completely forgotten that the rest of the team was standing around them, watching.

Suddenly a stern voice boomed out.

'Pack your shit. You three have caused enough trouble.' Hayley screamed. 'I want you gone in the morning.'

Jack, Sarah and Clara were all so exhausted they could barely react. 

'Where's the meteorite? It's staying with me from now on!' 

End of part.3