 Sarah hated early mornings, but unfortunately it came with the territory. It was 5am, near freezing in the Great Sandy desert. Sarah was part of a University geology research team where excavating and identifying an area thought to contain some of the earliest known multi cell fossils. It was an exciting project that Sarah had worked years for and to be part of such a potential groundbreaking discovery was a dream come true.

'Wakey wakey!' A familiar voice called. It was Clara, one of her friends from the beginning of uni. 

'Ehhhhh, coming.' Sarah groaned, pulling on some cargo shorts and a button up khaki shirt which she tied in a knot because it was too many sizes too big. 

As Sarah emerged from the tent into the freezing, yet soon to be scorching baron wasteland - she was handed a metal cup containing Australia's finests freeze dried brew. 

'Thanks...uhhh you're chirpy today.' Sarah said sarcastically looking at Clara, who somehow, despite being in the desert managed to make her hair look amazing. It was long, wavvy and dark brown and curved around her larger than life bust.

'Aren't you excited?!' Clara asked, a big smile on her face.

'I am, believe me...I just hate 5am and I hate the cold. And I hate freeze dried...no offence.' 

'None taken, we work with what we got!' Clara replied as they made their way over to the group of huddled geologists. 

'Alllllright... It's a 5 minute walk to the dig site, as you know. Grab everything you need and lets get this show on the road. Daylights burning!'

'Daylight hasn't even begun to burn yet.' Sarah thought to herself, questioning her life choices.

'Rock hammer, canteen, toilet paper, rock bag, brush, shovel and...'

'Hat, can't forget your hat!' Clara interrupted jovaly. 

The two began to make the hike through the deep sand towards the dig site. Sarah truly hated sand, it got in her boots, her bra, her pants, panties and hair and not to mention it was hard to walk in. Clara powered ahead. All of those days spent at the gym really gave her the upper hand and Sarah couldn't help but admire her from behind. Her ass was something to be marvelled at. Clara was thick - yet toned. Her ass was a perfect bubble and her cargo pants were skin tight on her. Not that Sarah didn't have a nice ass herself, which barely could be contained by her cargo pants. Sarah wasn't as tall as Clara who was five foot 9 - so Sarah's thickness showed more, one of her best features, she thought. 

'Nice g-string, Clara.' Sarah yelled.

Clara just put up her finger and kept on powering through. Once everyone reached the dig site, they would spread out into pairs of two and start excavating and studying different corners of the site. Of course Clara and Sarah chose each other. They worked well together and they both enjoyed perving on each other as they bent down to do detailed work. 

Sunlight was beginning to break and the two were at their designated corner. It was Sarah's favourite part of the process - manual labour. They knew that they needed to excavate atleast a good metre of sand off of the rocky outcrop before they could do finer work.

'Watch out for snakes!' Clara said. 'Don't worry, I'll suck the venom out for you.' 

Sarah blushed and teased her long red hair. 

'Shall we get to work then miss.' Sarah said in a british accent.

'Why certainly, good sir!' 

After half an hour of digging, the temperature had already gone from freezing to scorching. The two were covered in sweat and sand and every male in the team was enjoying the view.

'So you gonna blow Jack?' Clara asked, her tongue between her teeth.

'Are you??' Sarah replied mockingly.

'I'll help if you need it.' 

Sarah felt herself twitch inside her panties.

'I dunno if a BJ in the deserts a good idea, so much fucking sand!' Sarah said, slamming the shovel into the ground.

'Alright, Anakin - calm down!' 

Suddenly Sarah's shovel made a clang sound as she struck the ground. Puzzled she dug again, with the same result.

'Does that sound like metal to you?' Sarah asked, prodding the object beneath the sand.

'Let's find out.' Clara said, getting down on her knees to dig with her hands.

The two got down and began digging with their hands, moving handfuls of sand and rock to try and find the mysterious object. Suddenly the light began to shine through and a black object the size of two fists emerged.

'What is it?' Sarah asked, placing her hands around it and lifting it up. 'It's heavy.'

'That looks like a meteorite!' Clara exclaimed, her eyes widened as she studied it.

The two fondled and examined the space rock, confirming from it's characteristics and weight that it was infact a meteorite.

'Awww yeah, we're gonna be rich!' Sarah yelled.

'It belongs in a museum!' Clara scolded, using her best Indiana Jones impression.

'Should we tell the others?' Sarah asked, still holding the meteorite.

Clara stroked the space rock and pondered. 

'Nah, not yet. Max will just take credit for it. Let's keep this on the downlow for a while. We'll take it back to your tent tonight and study it a bit more. Maybe we can chip a piece off of it?'

Clara promptly grabbed her rock hammer at struck the space rock, cracking off a heavy chip of it. Sarah picked the chip out of the sand and studied the fascinating pattern it revealed. 

'It...it feels wet, yet there's no visible liquid.' Sarah commented. Meanwhile Clara wiped her finger along the space rock where the chip had come from. 

'Holy shit, it does... that's...uhhh weird. Like I don't think martian water would make its way on a meteorite.' Clara said, scrunching her face. 'It kind smells funny...like raspberries...'

'I don't remember learning about raspberry scented meteorites in first year.' Sarah said.

'Me neither...'

The two decided to make their way back to camp under the guise that Sarah had 'strained her shoulder.' They both knew they needed to be working to find the fossils, but their find was just too intriguing. Once Clara and Sarah had made it back to base camp, they entered Sarah's tent. 

'Uhhh, nice!' Clara said, nodding at Sarah's vibrating dildo which sat proudly on her sleeping bag. 

'Shhhh!' Sarah blushed, tucking he toy away under her sleeping bag.

The two took photos of the space rock and wrote in the journals about the find. The presences of some sort of invisible liquid was incredible to them both. 

'Uhg, I don't remember my shirt being this tight.' Sarah groaned, shifting her shoulders.

'Yeah, mine too... must be the camp food - I reckon Max puts way too much butter in everything.' Clara said, adjusting her shirt.

Suddenly a creaking sound could be heard, and it seemed to be coming from Sarah.

'What's the noise?' Clara asked, still studying the rock.

There was no response from Sarah. Suddenly Clara looked up to see Sarah sitting up, looking downwards. 

'Holy shit...' Clara gasped.

'Clara...what the fuck is happening to me?' Sarah saie, freaking out but not raising her voice.

'Your...your breasts... they haven't always been that big?!' 

Sarah's shirt was groaning and creaking and it looked unnaturally tight. Her nipples grew harder and were clearly visible through her tight bra and shirt.

'Sarah...am I hallucinating or are your breasts literally swelling right now...' Clara said, her mouth was wide open as she stared at Sarah's chest expand like two balls of dough.

'Clara... what the fuck is happening to me... this isn't possible, you and I know this, we took biology... My tits are fucking swelling up like water balloons!' Sarah said, panicking and patting her growing bust.

Sarah's shirt groaned and creaked more and more, her breasts grew atleast 2 cup sizes in the matter of a few minutes. Her buttons began strain and Clara saw this. She rummaged into her bag and grabbed her glasses to prepare for the incoming explosion of her shirt.

'What...what does it feel like?' Clara asked.

'Like my tits are fucking filling up! Like they're literally being filled with liquid. Oh god... it...it feels really hot.'

'Hot? You mean like your temperatures rising?'

'No, like ... Tingly... It feels like...I think...uhhhh...' Sarah moaned. 'I migh cum!.' 

Clara laughed in disbelief, watching Sarahs breasts swell in front of her very eyes. She wathed Sarah arch her back and moan, her shirt was ready to completely explode. 

'We need to document this!' Clara said, retrieving her camera. 

'NO... WHAT?' Sarah yelled in between moans.

'This is important Sarah! This could be a big discovery?' Clara yelled back, now filing a close up of Sarah's ever expanding bust. Suddenly a loud creak and then a rip could be heard, folowed by Sarah's big inflating breasts bouncing down - her bra had just busted.

'Oh...my there goes my bra...' Sarah moaned, still arching her back. 'What could've caused this? It...It wasn't the meteorite...was it?' 

'I don't know, but this could be ground breaking! How do you feel?' Clara asked.

Suddenly Sarah's breasts made a sloshing sound, followed by more groaning as they increased another cup size. Sarah's shirt was no match for her new F cup breasts and it popped open with explosive force.

'Ohhhhhhhhh...godd...' Sarah moaned in relief.

Clara let out a small gasp herself, she was getting very turned on by Sarah's tits growing in front of her. Now her big round breasts were free and exposed to her.

'Sarah, they look amazing!' Clara said, reaching out to touch them with one hand and holding the camera with the other.

Sarah quickly swatted her hand away. 

'Oh please! I just want to feel what it's like.' Clara pleaded.

'Fine!' Sarah sighed.

Clara immediately begin to grope Sarah's full breasts. They felt tight, like full water balloons. She could feel the filling begin to slow down.

'Sarah, I think it's stopping!' Clara said, a bit disappointed. She wanted to know how big they could get. 

'Thank god!' Sarah exclaimed, looking down and groping her new round F cups. 'They feel so full...I've never felt like this before...like I'm full of liquid or something.' 

Sarah's breasts finally stopped swelling. They were completely unaffected by gravity despite their weight - they almost looked like really good implants. They were round full and the size of Sarah's head. Sarah let down her red hair and it flowed around her hard nipples. This triggered an amazing feeling like she had never felt before, as she let out a uncontrollable moan.

'Woah...what was that...' Clara yelled, her own pussy was soaking through her panties.

'I don't know... I think I just came from my hair brushing past my nipples!' Sarah said, catching her breath.

Clara started to grope Sarah's huge balloons, giving them a hard squeeze. They felt like they were definitely full of some type of liquid. Clara moved her hands and suddenly tweaked Sarah's nipples - causing Sarah to arch her back and moan.

'Quit it! Someone will hear!.' Sarah scowled.

'Sorry...I just...' Clara trailed off, mesmerised by Sarah's situation, she leant in and gave Sarah a long, deep kiss. 

'Woah...what was that?' Sarah gasped.

Clara just leant back in and kissed her again, this time Sarah reciprocated, pulling Clara closer to her. 

They both began to moan, Clara was kneading Sarah's huge tits with great force. She pushed and squeezed therm, feeling them bounce in her hands, the weight of them was impressive. Clara continued squeezing and fondling as they made out - their moans growing ever louder. As Sarah's breasts jiggled, they could both hear a sloshing sound.

'Yo! Sarah! Clara??' A voice suddenly called out.

The two began to panic and Sarah frantically looked for something to cover her breasts with. 

'Sarah? Clara? Where you at?' The voice called.

'Uhhh, here! In Sarah's tent! We'll be out in a sec!' Clara yelled out.

The two fumbled around and found one of Sarah's spare XL shirts. She wouldn't' be tying this one up. As she put it on, it fit snuggly and Sarah sighed with relief. 

'Hope no one notices...' Sarah whispered.

Before unzipping tent, Clara chucked Sarah's destroyed shirt over the meteorite. Then the two slowly stumbled out of the tent into the hot sun of the desert. Jack was waiting for them. Sarah swore internally. Jack was a tall exchange student from the United States. He wasn't overly built, but he was toned. Sarah often noticed whenever he wore shorts, his cock outline could be seen. She tried not to make her stares noticeable. 

'Where you two been?! We found some fossils!' Jack said, putting his hand up and gesturing to the dig site.

'I hurt my ankle...' Sarah muttered nervously. 

Jack looked at her with a puzzled face. Something looked different about her. 

'You find a shirt that fits, Sarah?' He joked.

There was an awkward silence between the three geologists. 

'Uhhhh, yeah ...totally! Thankfully!' Sarah responded.

'Well, I'm gonna go back out - come out soon! Check out what we found... if you can walk.' Jack said, turning to walk away.

'I'll try...' 

After Jack had left, Clara burst out in laughter. 

'Shut up. We are not going back out there right now.' Sarah scrunched her face, looking down again at her camouflaged inflated chest. 

'Guess we'll wait around here till dinner then?' Clara asked Sarah.

Sarah sighed. 'I guess so...' 

End of part 1 - stay tuned!