 Every six months, at equinox when the seasons were mildest, the Merchant brought longed for luxuries to the settlement of Whelton: salt and sugar, carpets, blankets and rugs, mirrors and perfumes, ginger, cinnamon, black pepper and sweets. But none were more coveted than the merchant's wife.

Whelton's lone inn, The Two Fat Pigs, was full to bursting and raucous with laughing, singing, and gossip.. A spare, lanky man named Reece owned the Pigs and he directed his team of harried workers among the packed tables. He would make more today than in the next three months, So he worked hard to make sure every hand had a full mug in it all times. Well, he worked his crew hard at least. Farmers and miners from the most distant holdings crammed the benches, laughing and gossiping. Children and dogs got underfoot and had to be shooed away. The atmosphere was relaxed and jovial and it seemed a good time was being had by all.

Except here and there young men around the age of twenty lounged with ferocious and concentrated nonchalance. Barely drinking - to Reece's narrow eyed disapproval - and glancing up at the door with conspicuous frequency.

Outside the two storey and somewhat ramshackle inn was another young man, also on edge, and also about the age of twenty. He watched the road anxiously and wondered how the Merchant timed his arrival so precisely every time. "I bet he waits just outside town until just before sunset, then rolls in just as the light turns gold," he said to himself. He had to give that tactic some grudging respect.

A bearded farmer stopped at the steps to kick mud off his boots. He glanced up to where the young man waited by the door. "Helping out Reece tonight eh, Jen?"

"Uh yeah, pretty busy," said Jen, straightening his apron nervously.

The farmer nodded with a sympathetic and knowing smile. "Never mind, maybe next time." The Merchant's wife wasn't interested in the help. There was a brief eruption and noise and light as the farmer pushed his way inside. Then Jen was alone on the porch once again.

It was almost sunset. "No, this time." Jen whispered to himself.

