 Part: 2 - The pressure increases

Sarah and Clara kicked around the base camp all day, too scared to go back out and risk another accident - far away from another change of clothes. As the hours went by without another event - the two began to wonder if they'd been imagining it. That would be the case if there weren't two big pieces of evidence contained in Sarah's shirt. 

'So the good news is it seems like it was a once off event.' Clara said, laying down on a towel in her bikini - she thought she'd use the time to improve her tan. 

'I hope so, but also what do I do about these?!' Sarah said, grabbing her breasts and squeezing them. She forgot how sensitive they had become and let out a quiet moan.

'I dunno, flaunt them? I wouldn't mind a pair - they look hot!' Clara said, looking down at her double D's. 

'Well go and rub the meteorite and get some!.' Sarah replied, rolling her eyes. 

Sarah stood up and crossed her arms, thinking hard about what had happened to her. She began to pace back and forth as she watched the rest of the research team emerge in the distance.

'What if it was the meteorite?' Sarah asked, turning to Clara with her arms outstretched.

'You can't be serious!' Clara said, practically laughing at Sarah. 'Sarah we both know that's not how meteorites work!'

'This could be the first of its type...it could be a new discovery! Sarah said, looking at Clara with wide eyes.

There was a short pause as Clara sat up and stared at Sarah in disbelief. She scoffed.

'Clara, my tits literally swelled up like two giant water balloons before our eyes. I don't think now is the time to be a skeptic! How about we do an experiment? Go put your hands all over the bloody thing...lick it if you have to! We'll see if your tits inflate to cartoonish proportions!' Sarah was practically yelling. She was frustrated by Clara's skepticism.

Clara looked Sarah in the eyes for what seemed like an eternity, then looked down at her full breasts, looking ready to bust out of Sarah's shirt.

'Alright! I will!' Clara said, getting up and folding her towel up. She stormed off and entered Sarah's tent. Sarah didn't even bother following her. She just assumed Clara was doing it to try and mock her. Instead Sarah went to the campfire area where they'd be eating dinner soon. She decided to start the fire for the night while she waited for Clara to come back and make fun of her. The crew began to emerge back at base camp and everyone came to check and ask Sarah how she was feeling. She forgot about her fake injury and reminded herself to put on a limp. Eventually Clara emerged from her tent and sat down next to Sarah on the makeshift bench. 

'So?' Sarah asked tentively.

'So I rubbed the rock, touched it...licked it.' 

'Licked it?!' Sarah interrupted.

'Well, you were so sure it was the meteorite and I wanted to be thorough. I even rubbed my own tits on it, just to be sure.' Clara said, smugly looking at Sarah who was visibly annoyed.

'So what caused it? - because I don't see your tits blowing up!' Sarah asked.

'Uhhh, dunno...allergies?' Clara suggested.

Sarah rolled her eyes and looked into the raging fire before her. The others, began to join them -Jack handed them both a beer. 

'How's the injury?' Jack asked, sitting down next to Sarah.

'Feeling better, thank you. How was the fossil hunting?' Sarah asked.

'We've found something interesting, but we'll need to do a bulk of the digging tomorrow morning. Everyone is way too fucked right now.' Jack said, swigging his beer.

'Goddammit. What'd you find?' Sarah asked, clearly disappointed about missing her day. 

'We think it's an ancient sea bed, no sure yet. Don't worry - tomorrow you can come out again and help us discover it.'

Sarah smiled at him, he had his way of making her feel better. Clara cleared her throat as if to interrupt an intimate moment.

'So, Jack...wanna join Sarah and I in out tent later? We're gonna play...uh, uno.' Said Clara.

'Wow, subtle Clara.' Sarah thought to herself.

'Sure! I love Uno!' Jack said, taking another swig of his beer.

As the night went on and everyone had something to eat - it was pretty clear the team were pretty tired. Not many people were talking, everyone was just enjoying the warmth of the campfire under the clear night sky. Suddenly Sarah felt a jab in her right arm. It was Clara.

'What?' 

'Something's...happening to me...' She whispered.

Sarah averted her gaze to Clara's already tight shirt. It was happening. Sarah could see Clara's chest begin to rise and swell. A low creak could be heard from her bra straining under the pressure.

Sarah bit her lip. It was going to be hard to make a quiet get away with everyone around and Jack so close by. The creaking sound became louder. Clara's breasts had grown at least two cup sizes in a minute. Much quicker than Sarah's growth. 

'They're filling up...it feel like I'm being filled with something...' She whispered, mortified someone would see her growing problem.

The buttons on Clara's shirt were straining and he fabric could be see stretching around her expanding bust. They both knew her shirt and bra were not going to last much more of the growth. Suddenly the creaking grew louder and Sarah's eyes widened. Clara's breasts were growing so fast now that it looked as if they were inflating like two balloons. Clara's shirt began to rip, a button flew off and her Bra began to tear. 

'What was that?' Jack asked, looking behind him expecting to see skippy or a fox skulking around.

'Ahhh, probably nothing. Probably a kangaroo...' Sarah stumbled.

Clara eyes were wide as she watched her breasts fill and grow, bigger and bigger. Suddenly her shirt exploded. All of the buttons at once popped and she was exposed to everyone. Her now perky, full H cups were on display as she struggled to cover herself. 

'Oh my god, Clara!' Max yelled.

'What's happening?!' Jack said, his mouth wide open as he stared.

'Oh my god...oh my god...' Clara shrieked. Her breasts growing ever faster now. Her breasts were almost a K cup and they were only getting fuller. 

'I'm...i'm blowing up, oh my god, oh i'm filling up...someone help!' Clara shrieked, her breasts stretching and expanding before the research team.

Sarah just sat there and watched her friend blow up. I was suddenly clear that the growth was not going to slow down. If anything it was increasing. Clara arched her back and her massive tits bounced and wobbled as they grew more and more. They seemed to grow more perky as they got bigger. They were so round and perky - they almost looked like two overfilled beach balls on her chest. Her nipples had grown as well. Clara was moaning and panting at this point. Almost everyone thought she was moaning in pain, but Sarah knew she was on the point of an explosive orgasm. 

'Sarah...Sarah help. I'm blowing up. It's not stopping. My skin is so tight! I can feel my tit's filling up with something! We have to get it out!' Clara yelled between moans.

The rest of the research team were basically in shock, not sure what they were even witnessing. Others weren't in shock, but were unable to stand without exposing their own growing problem. 

Clara's suddenly toppled forward as her breasts expanded to the size of two overfilled exercise balls. As her nipples pressed against the ground, Clara let out a loud moan. Sarah could see a wet patch appear on Clara's pants.

'Oh my god, she squirted!' Sarah thought to herself as she quickly came to Clara's aid. 

'They can't get any bigger, Sarah! I'm blowing up like a fucking balloon! Look at them! They won' stop filling! I feel like they can't stretch anymore!' Clara moaned.

Sarah put her hand on Clara's expanding gargantuan tits and could feel grow faster. Her skin was so tight and it was clear she didn't have much room left. 

'Is she gonna pop?!' Jack yelled.

'Shut up, Jack!' Sarah yelled. She normally wouldn't be so direct, but the situation was getting serious. Jack was right to ask. Clara was going to pop if her tits didn't stop filling up.

'Oh my god they wont stop! I'm gonna burst! Sarah I'm going to blow!' Clara shrieked, bouncing on her two giant balloons.

'No you're not! I'm gonna try and milk you.' Sarah said.

'Milk me?! What??' 

'Do you want to pop, Clara?! Because you can't possibly get much bigger before you explode!' Sarah yelled.

'Fine! Hurry! It's getting faster now!' Clara yelled.

'Oh my god Clara's tits are going to explode!' Max yelled.

Sarah latched her mouth to Clara's tits. Something she'd wanted to do for along time. She began to suck, squeeze and massage Clara's over inflated boobs. Suddenly Clara began to shriek.

'They're growing faster, help! Hurry! I'm...Im gonna fucking blow! She yelled.

The research team watched on in shock as Clara's humongous balloon like breasts visibly expanded before them. She was almost the size of a small weather balloon.

'It's too late! She's gonna blow!'

'Someone do something!' 

Clara came again and again, squirting through her tight cargo pants uncontrollably.

'I'm.. i'm gonna pop!'

Sarah sucked harder than ever and risked everything my squeezing Clara's tits hard. Suddenly Sarah felt something.

'I'M GONNA BLOW! I'M GONNA POP...'

Suddenly Sarah felt a jet stream of warm milk shoot into her mouth. She opened her eyes to see Clara's tits erupt with milk from her large pale nipples. Clara was moaning loudly and it was clear she was squirting uncontrollably - Sarah fell back, watching Clara's eruption of explosive lactation like she had never seen before. Milk flooded the dry sand and Clara's breasts began to deflate. After the eruption had subside Clara was hunched over panting - her breasts stopped at a modest size of at least a large F cup. 

'What...the...fuck was that?!' Max yelled.

Jack, Sarah and the rest of the team simply sat it awe of what they just experienced. Finally Clara sat up, still panting and laughed.

'So...Sarah I think I owe you an apology. Everyone we have something to tell you!'