 This is the edited version of my the first chapter of my silly little Monstergirl road trip. I know it's probably still riddled with errors, but here's hoping it's better than the first go around. I think I'm getting a handle on the common comma, but it is a wily beast that refuses to be, tamed. Maybe I'm just an uneducated cretin. Thanks for reading!

-

No outright sex in this one, just getting warmed up here. Criticism highly welcome.

This "work" is very loosely based off of the Monster Girl Encyclopedia colored by my own fevered imaginings.

*****

There was a portal floating serenely above the pavement between the sidewalk and roadway. 

No one was paying it any attention as it swirled with pulsing colors, openly mocking reality. 

No one, that is, except the young man who stood gaping at it from the doorway of a convenience store he'd just stepped from. 

Bill had stopped for a quick bite before heading to finish his shift at the warehouse down the street. It was a dull job that only required him to load and unload trucks with pallets of feed and supplies for the farms that surrounded the small town he'd grown up in. The job paid well enough to see him through the community college he attended as a way to avoid having his family pester him about what he really ought to be doing with his life. 

All of this was forgotten as he stared in shock at what he could only imagine to be a crippling mental break from reality.

"You seeing this shit?" he said to no one in particular. 

He paid no notice as the unopened bag of chips fell from his unfeeling fingers. 

An older well-dressed woman passed by peering at Bill, then toward what he seemed to be gawping at. Seeing nothing she huffed, clutching her purse to her side and sliding away from the obviously drugged up delinquent. In so doing she nearly collided with the portal only to pull short, her eyes going flat. Shaking her head as if to snap herself awake she side stepped the portal and kept walking.

That got Bill's attention. 

Obviously, no one else was seeing this shit. 

Not taking his eyes off the damned mystical window of insanity he stooped to pick up his bag of chips.

Checking to see if it was clear, he shuffled slightly closer to the thing and tossed his snack at it. When the shiny orange bag of Cheda-Krakles!® met the pulsing face of the portal a sharp cracking noise emitted and the swirling colors accelerated for a moment before slowing back to its former sedate pace. There was no sound of a bag hitting the street. 

Bill cautiously stepped around the portal to be sure. He spied no familiar orange faux-cheese flavored faux-delicious snack packaging anywhere. He also observed the portal was completely invisible from this side. Carefully he maneuvered back to his original position facing the brain aching vision of a magical freaking portal. 

At this point Bill was at a dilemma. On the one hand, he was due back to his shift lifting heavy sacks at a boring dead-end job he did not particularly enjoy. On the other, there was a magical God damned portal to God-knows-where staring him in the face. 

Strangely enough Bill had often thought about what he'd do in this sort of paranormal wacky hijinks situation. For instance, he'd always told himself if he saw Bigfoot alongside the road at night, he would give chase to that big hairy sucker and demand an autograph. He was the type of person to feel cautiously optimistic toward the coming zombie apocalypse. If aliens ever made the mistake of abducting him his first plan of action was grand theft-saucer, probes be damned. That is probably all you need to know about the sad state of affairs that is Bill's mind. Now, staring at what was either a brain aneurysm or a bona-fide magical portal to adventures unknown he wasn't sure if he had what it took to step in.

Just then he heard the unmistakable sound of a police cruiser chirping its siren behind him. Turning he saw a Sheriff's sedan had pulled up, the deputy climbing out with his hand over his sidearm. 

"Alright, son. Take her easy. Got a report of a man acting out around here. Now, I want you to slowly walk towards me and place your hands on the hood nice and easy. Just need to ask you a few questions," he drawled in that bored but commanding tone that came easy to all law enforcement professionals.

That's it settled then, Bill thought. 

"Sure thing, chief. Just have to get my chips first," he replied.

Bill stepped into the portal.

"SWEET JESUS!" Deputy Lawrence gasped. 

He was shocked out of his professional demeanor, hands shaking while staring at an empty sidewalk. Having seen a man pop out of existence in broad daylight could have that effect on anyone. 

The portal finished swirling violently and then winked out of reality, observed by none.

-

"Fuck! I'm blind!" Bill yelped as he finished his step. 

There had been absolutely no sensation when passing through the freaky mystic portal of crazy. The light just went out and he stumbled, treading on something that crackled and popped before catching himself against a rough and solid obstacle. Panting with adrenaline, listening to the sound of his blood rushing through his ears he leaned into whatever it was he'd struck. 

Blessedly, his eyesight seemed to be coming back. Apparently wherever he appeared was simply late evening and not the midday he had been expecting. Soon he caught his breath, his heartrate slowing to acceptable levels. 

Bill took in his surroundings. The obstacle he had nearly face planted was a large tree of some kind, the rough bark of the gnarled trunk pressing into his palms. Gazing about he found himself in a charming forest scene illuminated by moon or starlight. 

There was no sign of the portal, so the catastrophic stroke he was likely experiencing had probably degenerated into severe brain damage by now. 

He nudged about with his foot hearing the crinkle of cellophane and mourned the loss of his chips.

"Well, shit. I'd better be in Middle Earth and not China."

Bill leaned absently on the tree trunk, wondering what to do next. 

"Shouldn't there be a subtle wizard or deranged cult welcoming the Chosen One right about now?" he muttered, pulling out and checking his cellphone.

The screen flicked on, showing no connection but happily carried a full charge. He considered using the flashlight setting but figured it would be better used for emergencies as he could see well enough to travel. Unlikely to be any convenient outlets in Westeros.

"Oh well, guess I'll have to hunt down Merlin and get my marching orders. Damned inconvenient."

Bill pushed himself off the tree and for lack of further shenanigans wandered down what could generously be called a trail. He was glad for his solid work boots and blue jeans. If he hadn't been on shift he likely would be wearing flip-flops and sweatpants. Luck would have it Narnia appeared to be enjoying a refreshingly cool calm evening. The air smelled beyond fresh and was free of any annoying buzzing stinging insects.

As Bill walked he took inventory of his possessions. One cellphone, a wallet filled with six dollars and sundry cards of dubious value in any reality, and a multi-tool. 

That was something anyway, the tool had a knife, pliers, screw-bits, and a bottle-opener. All any adventurer of quality really needed to take on the world, magic or otherwise. He could use the knife to stab goblins or something. 

Thinking of that, he realized he'd probably need something a bit heftier if small angry green people really were part of the equation. He spent a few minutes thrashing about in the undergrowth and found a sapling of about the right size and hacked at it for a moment with the tiny serrated blade. 

It was easier going than he'd expected. The blade chewed through the wood like soft cheese and branches stripped off with a simple flick. He guessed trees in Wonderland weren't up to Earth standard. In short order he had a serviceable if somewhat bendy staff - Stave? He flipped it upside down experimentally. Definitely a stave. 

"Hah! Come at me orks! I have a stick," he said to himself, thumping the staff down in front of him while striking a heroic pose.

Fate couldn't ignore that one, so there came a low menacing growl off to the side of the trail. 

Bill's asshole puckered as all the quaint forest noises stilled. He frantically scanned the undergrowth to his left as his idyllic woodland transformed into a nightmarish weald. 

Staring at him were two red glowing eyes perhaps fifteen feet away hovering a few feet above the earth. 

"Um. Good doggy?" he proposed hopefully. 

The growl shifted into a hearty yet still quite menacing chuckle as the eyes rose a further two feet into the air.

The eyes then flashed with streamers of demonic fire.

"Fuckshit!" Bill yelped and darted into the tree line opposite. 

It was at that moment he realized he would never be foolish enough to chase Bigfoot and would be delighted to work an extra shift at the warehouse for the rest of his miserable demon-beast free life. 

Cursing in a continuous stream he crashed through the undergrowth heedless of brambles and thorns. He broke through branches without pause, and trampled anything too slow, stupid or inanimate to escape underfoot. 

The thought of claws, teeth, and horrible fiery eyes drove him on heedlessly for several minutes when he burst suddenly into a clearing. He had discovered a large open glade flooded with moonlight and stumbled backwards to the center. Clutching his quarterstaff for dear life he strained his ears for sounds of pursuit. Aside from his own steady breathing all was quiet.

The realization hit him that he wasn't even out of breath. He felt for sure he should be gasping and choking for breath as running was not something he did for fun or health. In fact, it felt as if he'd just strolled through a park and not run for his life through dark tangled woods chased by a devil bear. 

Pushing aside those thoughts Bill figured if he was going to get eaten, he had better get it over with. He felt he'd been enormously lucky not to trip and fall in his frantic dash through the dark. Here at least he could see it coming and strive for whatever it was to choke on his corpse. 

Standing tall, Bill waited.

A snapping branch announced its arrival. The eyes were back, trailing flames revealing nothing of the nightmare watching him keenly from just beyond the circle of moonlight. 

Bill drew a steady breath, hefted his trusty stave and spoke. 

"All right, let's get this over with. I should warn you I'm chock full of carcinogens and gristle." 

The eyes seemed to dance cheerily for a moment and then an unexpectedly feminine giggle burst forth. 

Bill lowered the staff, uncertain. 

"Huh," he breathed. 

It chose his moment of befuddlement to leap entirely across the clearing as a flash of white fangs, slashing claws, and burning red eyes. 

Bill flinched away pulling the staff horizontally across his chest, shoulders thumping into the grass as it latched onto his head and leaned in to rip his face off.

Bill found himself receiving a passionate tongue-filled kiss. His senses filled with heat, soft curves, and a decidedly not unpleasant musk. 

Screaming into its mouth he pushed forward with the staff, lifting it with deceptive ease and finally getting a good look at his confoundingly amorous assailant. 

A tangled mess of jet-black hair, bright red eyes, and furry pointed wolf ears greeted him. It was grinning at him, flashing wicked canines and licking full black lips. Her skin was ebony and she was undoubtedly female with those generous full breasts restrained by a simple leather wrap. 

He glanced down taking in her hands, no - paws planted on his chest complete with fur and wicked claws that were mercifully not rending his flesh. 

Huh, he thought, so that's what they mean by fear boner.

"What the FUCK is going on?!" he shouted as she began to wriggle and strained to lower her face to his again, which he again somehow easily held back. She must be weaker than she looked.

Her eyes flashed larger trails of fire as she grinned down at him and responded cheerfully.

"That's exactly what's goin' on if you'd just let me down! You're kinda strong for a man, ain't cha? Normally this'd all be over but the screamin'!" 

She waggled her eyebrows at him.

"Listen, uh, lady. I'm flattered. You're cute, but..."

She didn't let him finish as she gasped and squealed girlishly.

"You think I'm cute? Aw! So are you, handsome! Lemme down so we can fuck!" 

Before he could formulate a response, he was distracted by a thumping on his shins. Straining to look without letting his guard down he spied a fluffy wolf tail happily wagging away behind her. 

Yep, she's got a fucking tail. Look at it go, he mused. 

He brought his attention back to the she-beast.

"Look, we just met... I mean, you just ATTACKED me! I don't even know you, what exactly is this? No, what exactly ARE you?"

Bill grunted and let the staff fall while he dragged himself into a squat, pushing her back onto her knees. At least he didn't appear to be in any danger of getting literally eaten anymore.

She immediately strained forward but Bill held onto her shoulders keeping her kneeling down before him and at arms' length. She then began to lick at his wrists, grinning all the while. 

"This is new. You really are strong! Our pups are gonna be so healthy! Stop messin' around and take off your pants, lover!"

She moaned wantonly with her soft feminine voice while straining towards him. 

Tail wagging intensifies.

"Focus, lady!" Bill snapped, "name, species, serial number!" 

Her tail went still, the fire trailing from her eyes fading. She was pouting.

"Fine. Name's Rekka. I'ma hellhound. Ain't got a whatsit number." 

Bill huffed and slowly released her, standing and backing up a bit then lowering his arms. Hellhound seemed spot on as far as he could see.

"Ok... Rekka? I'm Bill-!"

He tried to finish but Rekka pounced, wrapping him with her arms and legs while kissing and licking his face. Her tail whipped the air as her hips ground into him mercilessly. 

Bill stood shock still a moment unsure how to respond before gently prying Rekka off him and holding her slight weight at arms' length under her shoulders. 

He paused a moment to admire her determination as she shamelessly brought her dexterous foot-paws forward to dig at his belt. 

Rekka smirked at him impishly. 

"Bill's a funny name! How'd you get so strong? Men ain't this strong normally! I should know, I could hold my papa down for struggle snuggles all day! And he was a lot bigger than you."

Bill's eyes widened.

"Struggle snuggles? Jesus. That's... Huh."

He stopped speaking, noticing something weird about the conversion.

Weird beyond the fact that it was all completely batshit. 

Bill spoke slowly, the words strange... yet eerily familiar. 

"What language are we speaking? This is not English." 

Rekka gave up trying to puzzle out his belt buckle and scratched absently at her calf with one foot-paw. 

"Whaddaya mean? We're talkin' common. What's angleesh?" she asked. 

Bill lowered his brow and dredged up any bits of languages he knew. 

"Habla espanol?" he asked. 

Rekka twitched her ears at him. "Issat goblin or somethin'?" 

Bill tried, "Parlez-vous Français?" 

Rekka snorted, "Sounds elvish!" 

Bill rolled his eyes, "Sprechen Sie Deutsch?" 

Rekka's ears immediately perked up and her tail blurred as she barked. 

"Du sprichst Hund! Who taught you that? What's Doych though?" 

Bill groaned and muttered, "It figures." Her pronunciation was flawless. 

Shaking his head, Bill lowered Rekka to the ground and kept her at arms' length while looking her over. 

She really was quite lovely, if you didn't mind the fur flowing up to her arms and knees. Her oversized paws, twitching ears and furry wagging tail were oddly adorable. The tint of her ebony skin and fiery red eyes with their black sclera was an exotic contrast. Not to mention her smooth stomach, wide bikini clad hips, and rockin' tits. Even the tuft of fur above her cleavage was somehow endearing. 

He did have the unbelievable urge to comb out her unruly hair, though. It could be a full glossy ass-length mane without all the tangles, leaves, and twigs sticking out of it.

Letting Rekka go and stepping back, he waited, but she didn't seem inclined to resume her deranged passionate attacks at the moment.

"Okay," he said with a nod, "forget the language stuff, that's all I know of 'Hund' anyway. Can you calm your lust long enough to answer some questions?" 

Rekka laughed and smirked, her ears cocking towards him attentively.

"Ok then. Where am I, why'd that portal bring me here, and why are you so damnably horny?" 

He blurted the last question out, pointing accusingly at her.

Rekka grinned and stretched evocatively knowing exactly what it did to her physique. 

Bill couldn't quite stop his eyes glancing up and down her body. His gaze then snapped back to hers as he attempted to glare indignantly, failing miserably. He lowered the accusing finger in defeat. 

Rekka chuckled and began to saunter around him. 

Bill rotated his head to keep her in view but didn't bother to turn his body to follow her movements. 

Rekka's voice was low and sultry. 

"Well, I spose I can keep my lust..." 

She drew out the word, causing him to shiver involuntarily. 

"...in check. For now. You're gonna pay for it later though, hun. Don't worry, you're going to like it."

Rekka adjusted her chest wrap, breasts jiggling alluringly as she continued to prowl around Bill. He felt his face warming at that. 

"This is my territory. My forest! I don't know nothin' about no portal, but you bein' here makes you all mine, lover."

She drew that last bit out into a purr, causing Bill's mouth to dry.

"As for horny," she giggled, "that's all your fault, handsome." 

She winked and completed her circle directly in front of him, leaning in, breasts pressed enticingly to him as she stared adoringly into his eyes.

"You jump every guy's bones that wander into your forest?" he asked.

Rekka's charming grin caused his heart to skip a beat as she raised a paw to cup his cheek.

"Nuh-uh. You're the first man ain't called me demon slut an' tried to stab me! You're perfect!"

Bill sighed and draped his arms dejectedly over her shoulders, looking into her smoldering eyes. He grumbled as she wrapped her arms around his waist and nuzzled into his shirt. Her unnatural warmth radiated through him, relaxing muscles he hadn't realized were tense. 

Bill was absolutely certain that she'd never give up. Not without violence he was unwilling to commit. Probably not even then. Coming to a decision, he spoke. 

"I did come here for adventure, and you're that in spades. All right. Hell, I'm down." 

With this she began to excitedly tug at his shirt so he gently pulled her chin up to look at him. 

"That said, I'm not rolling around in the dirt. Not with the God damned owls watching us go at it. Do you have a home, someplace with a soft bed?" 

Bill absentmindedly scratched behind one of Rekka's adorable fluffy wolf ears. 

An owl hooted derisively from the tree line.

Rekka's tail whirred into a blur as she barked with excitement.

"Yes! My cave is close! You'll love it, I have so many soft furs! We won't be bothered at all there! We're gonna make so many puppies! Strong pups! I'll fuck you until you beg me to stop! Then we'll keep goin' an see what happens!" 

Rekka yipped, licked his neck and grabbed his hand in her soft paws. 

She pulled him deeper into the darkened forest.