 Pulse pistol held at the ready, Adria pursued him through the mansion. 'You can't escape me, Praton!' she shouted, but the only response was the faint sound of laughter. She backed up carefully and ran down the stairs, and soon picked up his scent again. He was trying to escape through the back, perhaps hoping the myriad of scents in his xenobotanical garden would confuse her.

Moving cautiously, but as quickly as she could, determined not to let him escape, she pursued him out into the garden, the thick humid blanket of scents and wildly coloured foliage an assault on her senses. But his scent was distinct, a thread that led her to him. This was his territory but Adria was quick on her feet and closed the distance rapidly, until again she stood face to face with him.

And this time she had her pistol pointed at his face. 'You're under arrest, Praton,' she said.

But Praton grinned, as if he were the victor here. 'Look behind you.'

Adria snorted. 'Funny. Put your hands up.'

He complied, but his eyes glittered with cruel delight. Suddenly fearful, she glanced behind her, even as a vine whipped around her waist and tugged her towards a bush with large yellow leaves and long green vines growing about the base, thick red stems thrusting out. Adria screamed as she recognised the Middener plant, and her pulse pistol swept round to fire through the vine than held her.

Off-balance, she fell to the ground, but recovered quickly and took aim again at the plant. The Middener was quicker, a second vine lashing out at her hand and dislodging the weapon, while two more coiled about her ankles and pulled her roughly towards the bush. 'Fuck!' she screamed, fighting desperately against the vines, and succeeded in severing the vine about her wrist with her knife.

This freedom lasted barely a second. More vines snared her wrists and the knife was forced from her fingers and yet more tore at her armour and clothing, shredding it, stripping her naked. Her screams and fury gave way to tears of despair as her ankles were stretched wide and her body disappeared amongst the leaves and stems.

She knew what would happen next and tried to deny it. The leaves and stems caressed her skin, a cool and undeniably pleasant sensation that she was determined to ignore. Vines coiled about her breasts, tightening painfully, while leaves brushed against her nipples, ticklish and intense. Too intense to ignore, as was the sudden caresses of leaves along her labia and the brushing of thin stems against her clit.

'No!' she cried. 'Not this!' But the Middener was pitiless.

Despite her building arousal, Adria fought to stay still, hoping against hope the plant would lose interest in her, but her own body betrayed her, shifting in its bonds to try to intensify the too subtle stimulation. Her arousal was undeniable, her nipples hard, the heat and pressure inside her, the wetness of her pussy.

Something pressed against her there suddenly, and she tightened her muscles to prevent entry. But it was in no hurry. It slid along her pussy, brushing her clit, and back, exciting her with these long caresses, making her shiver involuntarily with delight, and soon she was thrusting her crotch to meet the thick stem that rubbed against her.

There were moments where she recognised that she was giving in, and the shame at her weakness helped her to still herself, to deny for a while the building need within, but these moments grew shorter, and less frequent, until there was no more denial, only desire.

Sensing victory, the Middener's thick stem thrust into her, penetrating only a short distance, and Adria cried out with the pain of the invasion. The stem pulled out, and thrust again, penetrating deeper, forcing another cry from Adria, though quieter this time. Again and again it thrust, each time going deeper, and although Adria whimpered from the pain, the incredible sense of fullness was all she cared about.

Slowly, steadily, the thick stem fucked her, and she thrust back, encouraging it to go faster and deeper, and she laughed, thinking no man had ever felt so good in her.

A second stem pushed into her mouth, startling her. It forced her lips wide, her teeth wide. She shook her head, trying to escape it, but couldn't, and it thrust deeper, against her throat, making her gag.

She whined with panic as a third stem pressed against her ass, and screamed with pain as it forced its way through the tight ring of muscle.

The first stem picked up the pace and started pounding hard and deep. Despite the unpleasant and painful violation of her mouth and ass, she soon lost herself again to that wonderful fucking. The Middener was relentless, its stamina impressive, and though part of her wished the fucking would continue forever, and part of her dreaded the consequences of this ravishment, her body's hunger for climax overrode all other thoughts.

The stem in her ass, that had remained still after its initial assault, started thrusting in time with the other, working deeper and deeper, the friction shooting such pain and pleasure along Adria's nerves that she lost all sense of who and where she was, lost all control of her body, and she surrendered absolutely, the tension building steadily, winding her tighter and tighter.

She cried out with pleasure as her climax gripped her flesh and sent her convulsing in ecstasy about the thick stems that filled and fucked her. No sooner had the waves of pleasure started to lessen than the stem in her mouth tensed, and erupted with a viscous fluid. She choked on it, tried to spit it, but was forced to swallow much of it. Moments later, the stem in her vagina tensed and more of the Middener's cum flooded into her, jetting against the entrance to her womb. The third followed quickly, pumping cum deep in her ass, triggering another blissful climax for Adria.

She felt the restraining vines ease their grip on her as the Middener relaxed post-coitus, and though the thought of resting in the plant's embrace until it recovered and assaulted her again was extremely seductive, her training kicked in. More than ever she was determined to hunt down Praton, but she would exact vengeance for this trap before considering whether to bring him in alive.

Careful to make no sudden moves, she extricated herself from the vines, wriggling her body slowly as if in response to deep orgasmic pleasure, which was not entirely feigned. Bit by bit her head and then her body emerged from the Middener's foliage, until she was able to slip free entirely. With a soft sigh of relief she stood and backed away, and had almost made it to safe distance when the plant rustled furiously, discovering her gone.

Adria leapt backwards, but vines snapped around her ankles and she crashed to the ground - her pulse pistol just within reach. Snatching it, she fired blindly into the heart of the Middener even as vines slashed at her hands, slicing deep cuts across the backs of her fingers. She ignored the pain, aimed for the base of the plant, and fired again. 'Die, fucker!' she screamed, and kept her finger on the trigger until the pistol was drained, and nothing left of the Middener but a charred, smouldering stump.

Her clothes were shredded and scattered, unsalvagable. Adria collected her knife and ID, and hunted for her wristcom, finding the remnants in the wreckage of the Middener. Grumbling over her misfortune, she turned towards the mansion. Maybe the bastard was still there, thinking himself safe. Maybe he was long gone. Either way she needed a shower, and something to wear. And some way to phone for an ambulance, in case it wasn't too late for her.

Of course it was too late. She could feel the Middener's cum like fire inside her, an intense and oddly pleasant heat that was spreading gradually through her flesh. The doctors would take one look at her and put her in restraints and pump her full of nerve agents to dull all her senses, believing this lifelong imprisonment of flesh to be preferable to her succumbing to the Middener's curse.

Praton was there. She could hear him singing cheerfully, not a worry in the world, in the shower. On the bedside table was a pulse pistol, fully charged, and she perched on the edge of his bed, still naked, waiting for him to emerge.

Already the Middener's curse was at work, her nipples hard and itching to be touched, a tickling desire building between her thighs, a hunger for cock, any cock, to fill the aching emptiness of her ass and pussy - and, worst of all, a teasing curiosity about Praton. She wondered what his cock would feel like between her lips, what his cum would smell like and taste like, how it would feel as she massaged it into her skin.

Adria shook her head, chasing the fantasy away. Maybe she was doomed, but Praton would never have the pleasure of her. With one hand she held the pistol ready, with the other she caressed her clit, the tension in her building swiftly. Never in her life had she needed so badly to come, but clitoral stimulation wasn't enough. It rarely was for her.

She searched the room for something she could use, but the only thing that caught her eye was the pulse pistol, the long barrel perfectly shaped, thick and smooth. There was an urban legend about a woman who had killed herself while using a pulse pistol. Scientists joked that the vibrations and electric fields about the barrel at the moment the weapon was fired were identical to those of a vibrating dildo, only magnified by a thousand.

You would have to be insane to do it, Adria thought, as she teased her pussy with the tip of the barrel and considered going deeper. And scowled irritably as the shower was switched off and Praton stepped out. His eyes went wide at the sight of the barrel pointed at him.

'Wait!' he screamed, holding his hands out defensively. 'Wait! There's a cure! A serum! I have some, downstairs. In the lab.'

Adria laughed. 'Fuck you, Praton,' she said amiably, and made a hole through his head. She returned the barrel to her pussy and thrust it in, sighing with the pleasure of being filled again. She lay back on the bed and made herself comfortable, and was soon driving the full length of the barrel into herself, relishing its smooth, hard fucking of her impatient vagina.

She was so close, so near, so suffused with ecstatic need, one hand driving that deadly weapon in and out, the other working furiously at her clit, and the only thing that mattered in the universe was achieving the ultimate climax, the orgasm to end all orgasms, to take all her desperate need and answer it in one perfect instant.

*

They found her the next day, her insides destroyed by the pulse weapon, but from the outside the very image of a woman lost in eternal bliss.