 The next day we decided to have a look around the other structures rather than go inside Agron. It was clear that the only way in was if I shaved my mother's taco. She agreed we should spend the day exploring other things but knew that what we really needed to do eventually was go back there. 

It was not a big island so we could go round it in a day. It slopped upwards at one end and was rocky around there. No one lived by the beach on the flat side. Brown robed citizens wandered aimlessly around the forest from what I could see from above. 

I spied a mushroom and plucked it out from where it was. Man, I was hungry. "Do you think this is edible?" I asked Ashley. she shrugged her shoulders and took it from me. Aligned it with the bright sun in the sky, then she let it drop and skittle down the rubbled slope. 

"Let's not find out hotshot."

We had to ask someone. I carried mum down into the forest and we searched for others like us. It was not long before we encountered a few strays; a couple of girls who seemed just as keen to see us. They approached and then stood with hands on hips. We greeted, shook hands and hugged.

"Good morning." Spoke one

Her name was Vespa and she was very tall and skinny. Her robes seemed to be too broad for her but were the right length.

"Good morning."

"This is our 3rd week." She explained sparing a squinty-eyed glance at my mother.

"We got here yesterday." I replied.

"Noobs" The other dark haired Indian one spoke. Her name was Usma.

She had a looser robe and it ran down in a V, exposing the front of her chest, with the side of her tits both clearly visible. There was quite a big gap between them that caught my attention. 

"You guys hungry?" Said Vespa.

"Very." Mum replied. 

"Everyone has that problem when they arrive here. When you go into Agron, there are two paths right? Take the one that leads to the classrooms. There are canteens along ... What's wrong?"

"We were hoping to avoid the main building today." I explained. 

Mum went for an exploratory stroll while I explained the situation. The only thing they needed to know was anything other then the reason why we were here. Still, telling two strangers about pubic hair and razor blades was awkward enough. It just proved, I would do anything to get food. 

"Wow! that is pretty weird." Usma said looking at Vespa. 

"Yep. That guard was playing you two." She whispered turning around to scan for my mum, who was on her way back. 

The girls giggled and told me that Ashley looked more like my sister. They asked for my room number and told me they would smuggle some food out after lunch and bring it to us. They were really nice even if a bit immature and bimbo-esque. I did find Usma quite hot though and she was checking me out when we parted; turning around every so often and waving. 

"What did they say?" Mum asked.

"They are going to get us food."

"That is really kind of them. Everyone helps each other around here."

"Brown robes only, and not all of them."

We knew that red robes were higher in class than brown, and so I wondered what other classes existed as we made our way back to our lodge. Ashley seemed to be walking less gingerly now but her ass seemed to pout a little now and again. I held her close and she even asked me to carry her the rest of the way but I laughed and told her she was taking the piss. she laughed cheekily and bumped her hips against mine. 

We sat and rested for a while since there was nothing else to do. The shower was running and must have been busy throughout the day. Ashley recollected how naughty Lisa was a child and what she looked like the day she disappeared. We had very few photos of each other, so, I couldn't picture her in my mind like my mother could. 

Lisa would be 18 now I reminded myself once again. I do recall what she wore at least -- A pink top with an elephant cartoon bursting out in the middle. She liked to wear colorful things. Down below she had cut off jeans and sneakers. Her hair was always in a bun, but I had seen pigtails on the odd occasion.

Mother said she looked like her, almost exactly; a spitting image. The only difference was she looked younger and had freckles sprinkled around her nose. We don't know where she inherited those from, since our family was freckle free.

I used to call her freak show, but then she would taunt me about my big hands. I could see my mum was crying again but I pretended not to look in case she asked for a tear licking session. It did feel slightly naughty. Mum's had a way of expressing they're friendly desires towards their sons in a way that confused me -- How could my mum want me to lick her face and not find it erotic? 

She wanted me to massage her feet all the time and to spend more time with her a lot. I understood I was the only family she had after Lisa was abducted, but she had to understand I was a young, horny cave man, who was at the height of his libido. 

I was supposed to be hunting down girls and mating but instead I was stuck at home looking after my lonely mother. We were on this endless adventure to find our missing brethren and it had led us here. To a place that was bringing us closer to each other rather than to what we were looking for. 

"If we want to find your sister we will have to do things we don't want to." Mum explained.

"Like swimming?" I joked.

But it was a bad joke. She saved it somehow and reminded me that it was my sister that taught me how to swim. I was afraid but she was brave. She held her nose and dived in once. I just copied her and almost drowned but she brought me up to the surface and called me a wimp. But then she stroked my back and squeezed my hand assuringly. That gave me renewed confidence. She had that ability to make you feel better in between the insults. 

There was a knock on the door and I opened it. Our new friends were waiting outside with baskets. They came inside and laid out a blanket, placing the baskets down and preparing it kindly for us. I joined in with my mother and we sat around taking in the beautiful smells. My stomach was telling me this could beat yesterdays shower scene.

"I figured we'd eat together." Vespa explained laying out plates and serviettes.

"Good idea!" Mum replied. "By the way you girls are really sweet." 

Vespa blushed, said 'Aw shucks' and then gave my mum a romantic looking hug. Usma kept looking at me as she took out bread from the basket, her robe still very much open at the front. It was a seductive Indian V. 

I sat like a king as my plate was filled with bread, cheese, a sausage, scrambled eggs and crispy bacon slices. My mouth was watering as I tucked in. The girls laughed and seemed mesmerized by the way I wolfed it all down. Usma moved closer to me, until her thigh was resting on mine and Vespa had hers firmly rubbing against my mother. They were a very chilled out couple. They explained they were buddies and had joined the Ministry online. They had lots of third party names but recruited through a complicated network of channels. You had to be smart to get in and have a desire for the message, which I didn't ask about because it there was no need to blow our cover. So, they were more intelligent then they appeared. Very cozy too. 

"I did not bring any water ..." Vespa began "we were hoping you might want to quench your thirst directly from the stream." Usma finished staring at Vespa who sat adjacent to her. 

"Sounds like fun." I burped.

Everyone laughed. We got up and the girls led us to the stream in the more deeper part of the forest. We ran the rest of the way and buried her faces into the cold water. It was frighteningly cold but tasty. I wanted to drink it all but that was just my greed overpowering reason, and not for the last time.

That really helped me burp a lot more. I sat on my knees and watched the girls frolicking around like we had sneaked out of college. They looked like witches of the coven; pagan sisters. My mum looked healed up as she danced around in circles with hands locked together.

Sometimes I could see they're bare legs spring out away from rugged cloth and the flashing images seemed tricks of the mind in the near night. 

"Let's play a game!" Vespa announced.

"Yes, let's" Usma said jumping ecstatically, her breasts threatening to pop out.

"Ok." Mum laughed.

Vespa liked her 'up for it' attitude and stood facing my mother. She was taller than all of us and quite aggressive in her affection. Her hand was toying with my mother's belt for a bit, then she tugged it towards her and bumped her body against mum's. Mum gazed up into her eyes and imagined her daughter and was lost inside those eyes. Vespa looked down at her like a queen and stroked mums nose against hers.

"Game is called Tree house." She said through gritted teeth, holding mum's robe tight like she was about to tear it open. 

Usma rushed up to me and took my hand. We ventured along the stream path and crossed a bridge. Here there were a few giant tree's that were hollow inside. Usma explained that we would turn around so they could hide in a tree, then we would have to guess by entering a tree who was hiding where. Loser would have to swim in the nearby mud pond. Vespa whispered something in Ashley's ear and then we turned around. 

"Don't look!" They warned as they selected one of 5 trees to hide in. 

After a few minutes I turned around after hearing the signal. We got one guess only. Mum asked me if she could go first and I thought that was a good idea. If she got one wrong, the odds would drop to 50/50. 

"One for luck." She suggested jutting her ass out for me. I gave it a good spank. She said thanks, twirled, blew me a kiss and resumed her course towards the trees ahead. Her bum moved seductively in that robe. When she took a step forward one cheek moved in and the other moved out. It was hard to watch anything else.

"I'M COMING!" She shouted.

She did ip-dip-doo and then selected the middle tree. I saw her disappear inside. She came out a few minutes later and I celebrated with fists pumping in the air.

"Wooo-haa!!"

She smiled and called me silly as Vespa came out of the tree behind her. I groaned and rubbed my face like it was being attacked by ants. They came out hand in hand and Vespa was the one in front with mum behind her. "You're turn bad boy." Mum said.

"Ok. I can do this." 

Though the odds were now 1/4. The girls stood behind me giggling and whispering to each other. I figured Vespa told mum where she was going to hide, which is why she wanted to go first. These girls liked to play it dirty but I didn't mind one bit.

I advanced forward and sniffed the air. That wouldn't give me any clues but Usma had a sexy smell, kind of animal. Not that bestiality was a fetish but it was intoxicating. It was strong around her neck I remember when she kept switching her weight from one hip to the other as it came my way. 

I chose the skinniest tree to my far left and then cautiously peeked inside.

"Usma?" 

I walked in and it was dark as hell and the smell was very woody. Thinking about wood, I had one wriggling around inside just thinking about spending a few minutes with Usma. I heard laughter and the word 'fail!' over and over before heading back out. Usma poked her head out of the tree on the far right and waved at me. 

We all converged back near the bridge. Everyone was amused and laughing away but I was dreading what was to come. All three girls grabbed a bit of my robe and took me to the mud pond. 

"Come on guys ..." I gulped.

"You lost the game." Mum said 

"Yeah" laughed Vespa. Usma mouthed a sorry to me and then they all shoved me into the pond. 

I seemed to explode as I crashed into the thick sludge, waves of mud flying out from under me. I though for a moment I might pretend to be in trouble but then changed my mind and danced back up to the surface. I was completely covered in the stuff and waited for my eyes to clear up a little. 

"Hey guys" I said spitting mud.

My robe was weighing me down so took it off on the way out, remembering to fish it out. After all, it was the only clothing I had. I couldn't see the girls. 

"Guys?"

I had a look around and even ran back to the trees, checking each one but they were gone. They must gone back to my lodging. I guess it was a relief since I did not want mum to see me naked, even if I was caked in mud.

***

It was a slow walk back. I stopped by the stream to wash my robe and washed myself a little but it was too cold. By now my body was drying and was encased in a layer of strong mud. I felt stiff as I walked and invaded between the cracks.

I still had the taste of bacon in my mouth and was hungry for more. Agron appeared to be open 24 hours so I could sneak in and steal some rashers. I don't know why I didn't consider this before, but I could go to Agron without mum. Then there would be no need to shave her pussy. They had no restrictions on male pubes. I made a note to self to bring this up as soon as I got in.

I knocked on the door and waited. 

...

...

About 10 minutes later it opened. 

"Didn't you guys hear me?" I said. 

Usma laughed and led me in. Mum and Vespa broke off they're conversation to look at me -- I must have looked like the swamp thing. I looked down at my dick. It was mini version of an elephants trunk. Usma wrapped her hand round it and stroked it. I lurched back a little in surprise. Not in front of mum. 

"Son?" Mum beckoned.

I sidestepped the flirty Usma who wanted to embarrass me in front of my mother and then stood by the bed.

"What?"

"The girls want to stay over. Do you mind?"

"We only have one bed?"

"Then two of us can go back to their room ... maybe you and Usma." She suggested.

I could not argue with that. Mum also told me to use the shower in Usma's lodge so I picked up my muddy ass and followed my hot Indian honey out of the door. She took me back to room 89 as excited as hell. All the while I was wondering what Vespa was feeding my mum; lies or good advice. I had tried speaking to Usma but she didn't seem to be bothered or know what the Ministry was about. If she did she wasn't telling. Before we got in to the shower Usma took off her robe. She stood in front of me with her amazing tits swaying from left to right. 

"I love dirty men." She said taking my cock in her hand. 

"Then you're going to love me." I shot back. 

She stroked my muddy cock and wrapped another hand round it. The sludge started to come off and my big floppy dick was growing hard. 

"Do you like that?" She asked, stroking away from base to tip.

"Oh yes!" I moaned.

"Good, because I know you weren't going to get any from you're mum."

I opened my legs and watched her as she stroked me like a pro. Did she just say something about my mum? I think mud was clogging my ears. She wouldn't let me touch her because I was dirty but she could milk my dick at her pleasure. I wanted to see her throat move up an down when she swallowed my cum, so I hoped she liked to swallow. The odd stray thought jumped in now and again. Such as 'I wonder if mum likes to swallow? Then I would try to delete the thought. 

We entered the bathroom and it was empty. Usma turned on the shower and she was running her hands through my body. It was nice to get all the shit off me as I was looking forward to fucking Usma pretty soon. 

"You like that?" she said running her hands down my back and over my ass with her slippery hands.

I still couldn't touch her but as my body was clean again she started applying light kisses around my nipples. Every time I moved in to touch her, she grabbed my wrists and pushed them away. She squeezed my ass and kissed my dick as my eye vision started to fade. 

"I'm gonna fuck you." I kept saying, swallowing water in the process.

She nodded and soaped my body from top to bottom, staying on my dick and lathering me till I was creamed all over. Then she rubbed her body against mine till we were both clean.

She turned off the shower and took me back inside. 

"All of the residents in this block are guys." She explained kissing my dick and leading it by the hand to her bed. She asked me to lie down and I did so on my back. My impressive dick was up and ready for action. 

"So, you must get a lot of action." I said.

"Not really. They are all gay." she sighed. 

I wanted to high-five something, but all I could see was thin air. she laughed and held my wrists down as she knelt over began licking the tip of my knob. She applied ice cream licks around the helmet and watched me as she threatened to put her whole mouth in but kept pulling away at the last second. My helmet was sensitive and my legs and butt tightened and clenched whenever her wet gooey tongue slid along the top and bottom. She adjusted her grip and took my helmet in and then pulled out slowly till her lips were at the tip and then she kissed it. 

"Fuck!" I groaned. 

She gave me this treatment of helmet sucking kisses for a good while, with strings of saliva converging out between mouth and dick. 

"I don't want you to touch me." She warned removing her grip on my wrists. I nodded as my mouth was started to feel dry; my body sweating and my heart racing. I would do anything she wanted right now -- even let her sacrifice me to some knob head of a god. 

"Just suck it baby." I moaned opening up my legs. I wonder if my mum liked opening her legs; Random thought 2. Delete thought! Delete! Suck! Suck my dick! Suck it! 

"SUCK IT ASHLEY!" I shouted.

"Usma." She corrected. I covered my face in shame. I just said my mums name. But Usma carried on sucking. Her mouth delved in deeper and she took it all in, all 8 inches without any trouble. The sound of her mouth with all of my dick inside was very stimulating. Her head bobbed up and down and there was strings of saliva everywhere. My dick was throbbing and wanted Ashley to look at me when she sucked me off ... No, I mean Usma. Delete image from mind! But my mum's mouth was so fucking hot ... Restore deleted image.

Usma stopped sucking and started jerking me off. Her hands moved up and down on my wet throbbing cock like she was sculpting a clay vase. Sometimes she adjusted her ass as it was stuck to my legs and was getting sticky and itchy. 

"Cum for me baby!" She said stroking faster. I loved this hand job!

"CUM FOR ME SWEETHEART!" She shouted.

But I refused. I was just about hanging on. I wanted more. It couldn't end like this. Not like this. 

Usma slowed down her strokes and mounted me. My dick slipped inside her tight pussy after a bit of forceful pushing. She sat down.

"Fuck yeah" I gasped. She had a tight, hot cave. 

"Just don't touch me." She warned.

She liked being in control. Maybe it was just for tonight. She went with what her mood was. Her body jumped up and down on my dick. Sometimes it would slip out and she would help it back in. she moaned with ecstasy as she rode my dick, the same words coming out of her horny mouth. 

"OH YEAH!!" "FUCK YEAH!!"

I lay there listening to her ass slap against my balls and imagined my mother holding my dick caked in mud. I was so horny, I wanted to fuck my mother too. Maybe Usma imagined I was her brother. It was so hard to keep my hands by my sides and I felt helpless and vulnerable. 

"What if I touch you?" I moaned.

"Ungh ... I will get those gay guys to GANG RAPE YOU!! HOW WOULD YOU LIKE THAT YOU FUDGEPACKER!" She screamed banging me silly. She was just as lost in it as me, saying whatever was most offensive as she yelled and barked and slapped that booty in and out of me.

I didn't reply just to make her feel like she owned me. I enjoyed that feeling. My dick was throbbing like mad and I was about to shoot but Usma sensed this somehow and pulled out. 

"Fuck yeah." She said in a low tone.
