 Felicia had been hiding for quite awhile. The geno worms didn't have any allies, just themselves. She moves closer to the main gate but sees a dozen armed police. "Shit, they don't seem to letting anyone out."

Felicia ponders what to do. She originally stayed to monitor the progress of the geno worms but now it turns out not to have been such a great idea. "There's still quite a lot of worms left, seems I have no choice but to wait. I should return to the refuge, better there than here."

She starts walking and that's when she comes face to face with Elf Captain Elena.

"It's her from the picture," Elf Captain Elena thought. 

"Oh thank goodness, I thought you might be another geno worm," Felicia said happily.

"Well you're safe now," Elf Captain Elena said nicely. "She must not know we're looking for her otherwise she would have gave flight," she thought. 

"Can you take me to the refuge?"

"Yeah I was out here looking for survivors."

They proceed to walk. 

"So what is your name?" Elf Captain Elena asks.

"Felicia."

"That's a nice name. I'm Elf Captain Elena."

"It's nice to meet you. So Elf Captain, have you ever encountered something like his?"

"No, I wonder where they could have come from."

"Me too, they just suddenly showed up."

"Yes and the mayor called us in."

"I see."

"So you were hiding in that building, huh?"

"Yes."

"I guess the worms prevented you from getting away."

"Yes, it was horrible, I seen many people die."

"It's alright, I'll protect you."

Felicia nods and silence fell. The road to the refuge was clear. Elf Captain Elena yawns. "Let's go to tavern and get a drink."

"What?"

"Yeah, let's get a drink."

"But, but we have to get to the refuge."

"Oh come on its one drink."

"I'm not sure everyone has been evacuated and should you even drink while on a job?"

"Don't worry about it, free wine!"

"But the owner will be upset."

"Oh how is he gonna know it was us?"

"Us?"

"I'm certainly not doing it by myself."

"But, but!"

"Oh fine since you're that worried about it we won't take any."

Felicia breathes a sigh of relief.

"I bet the owner keeps the better stuff is up in the attic."

"Attic?"

"Yes, that's where he keeps all the good kind that includes the geno worm egg we found."

Felicia stops walking.

"Only four people had access to it, the owner, his wife who died three years ago, his son who's a member of the police and you know what all three have in common?"

"What?"

"They were all born in this town and have never been to outside world, that's a means no dessert region where they could have obtained the egg. So that only leads to one person."

"You're mistaken."

"Oh really now, this place isn't all that big, an outsider would be easy to spot, especially a very beautiful one." 

Felicia breaks and makes a run for it.

"You won't get away!" 

"You won't stop me!"

Elf Captain Elena leaps into the air and tackles Felicia. "I got you!" Felicia struggles to get loose but Elf Captain Elena was too strong and puts the shackles on her arms and then her legs. "Alright let's go you bitch!"

****

"Alright tell us why you cause this infestation?" The chief of police questioned.

Felicia was silent.

"You realize that twenty-seven people died!?"

"Only twenty-seven people lost their lives?"

"Yes and fifty wounded."

"This is weird, it's like she's disappointed that only that many died," Elf Captain Elena thought. 

"Chief, I would like to ask her a question."

"Sure go ahead."

"Hey Felicia, is the infestation related to recent attack on several villages?"

"Maybe it is maybe it isn't."

"I don't have time for your games, give me a straight answer!"

"Go blow an orc!"

Elf Captain Elena was stunned. 

"How dare you talk to our captain that way?" The elf archer screamed.

"Yeah what are you going to do about it shoot me with an arrow?!"

"Don't tempt me!"

"We could torture her."

"Would you really want to torture my body?" Felicia teased.

"Seduction won't work!" The chief said.

"Try as you might I won't say anything!"

****

For now Felicia was placed in a cell. The elves save Elf Captain Elena were eating, she was in the shower. The images of the orcs fucking her came back; it was just like the first time with Thantor. "No one can ever know about this!" 

Once she's cleaned up, Elf Captain Elena joins her team. 

"Well captain, now that geno worm infestation is over, what do we do now?" The elf mage asks.

"I'm going to get that bitch talking!"

"I'll put one an arrow in her knee!" The archer said. "How dare she speak blasphemy to our captain!"

"Excuse me which one of you is Elf Captain Elena?"

"I am."

"Felicia wants to talk to you."

"Me?"

"Yes that's what she said."

"The mayor agreed but wants your consent."

"Alight sure."

****

Elf Captain Elena sat down face to face with Felicia.

"Alright whatever you have to say let's hear it."

"What is the name of the country you hail from, I forgot?"

"Elftoria," she replied.

"Ah yes, how big is the population?"

"Five billion, what's it to you?"

"That's fascinating."

"I grow tired of this small talk, what reason do you have for causing an infestation and are you apart of village attacks?!"

"I already answered that question."

"No you did not."

"Well that's the only answer you will get from me."

"Fine I'll just draw my own conclusion."

"Elf Captain, tell me have you ever thought of a world other than your own?"

"Don't get philosophical on me!"

Felicia pulls out a medallion; it was silver with a skull with three sapphire gem eyes. "Well have you ever seen this?"

"A creepy medallion, what is this show n tell?"

"Kind of, you see I'm not from here."

"I think we already established that."

"Sigh, no I mean not from this world, I was somehow dropped in this world. The world I come from has humans only. Elves, dwarfs, the servants of the Dark and dragons are made up in my world."

"Are you high or something?"

"No I'm speaking the truth, once I got here it wasn't long before I was captured like many others and forced to become a gladiator."

"Don't make me laugh."

"Well it's true even if you don't believe me. I was almost killed when I escaped but was rescued by a witch and gained much knowledge including the location of a certain book."

"Book, what book?"

"I will say no more but I will tell you that the festival of blood will happen like it did in the last three ages of this world very soon and after that well." 

"What do you mean by all this and why share it with me?!"

"Well it was you who captured me so I thought I'd reward you with some information, I thought it would be nice to have a worthy opponent, someone who could try and delay the inevitable doom. Now with that I must be going."

"You're not going anywhere!"

"Wyvern!" Felicia screamed into her medallion.

There was a crash and a beast appeared.

"Ol a dragon!" The elf archer screamed.

"It's called a Wyvern, idiot! Dragons have four legs, this one only has two!" I should have gone with the bird, she murmured to herself.

"Get back here!" Elf Captain Elena screamed.

"Au Revoir, I look forward to seeing you on the battlefield." The Wyvern flies off.

****

Elf Captain Elena and team return home and she gives the elf king her report. 

"I see, so I think we can conclude that this Felicia is connected to the attacks."

"She said she was a former gladiator which could be true."

"It probably is. Those who are sold into slavery end of up doing all kinds of things."

"I see. What is your opinion on her claiming to be from another world, your majesty?"

"Nothing but propaganda, don't let her confuse you. I will inform all of our allies. She made a declaration of war!"

****

A few days later Elf Captain Elena was summoned.

"I've come as summoned."

"You are to travel with an alliance party to escort a prisoner by the name of Zarfgett to alliance HQ. Zarfgett is at Jagged Point."

"Jagged Point, that's..."

"That's right Jagged Point is a prison under the control of the servants of the Dark. We have negotiated with them and they've agreed to release Zarfgett. It will take you six days to reach Jagged Point and two days to reach alliance HQ."

"I'm on my way."

****

Jagged Point was the most secured prison that the servants of the Dark had, many POWs met their end there. Right now it was housing the worst offenders that the servants of the Dark had. Zarfgett was a human thief who tried to steal goblin treasure but that wasn't the bad part, not only had he killed three goblins but started eating them. He was scheduled to be executed but the servants of the Light gearing up for war, thought he could be of some use since he was a good fighter. The servants of the Light paid a high price for him but this didn't sit right with many SOTD including the orc warden.

"Sir, SOTL is here."

"Do not let them in, we will have justice!"

****

The SOTL arrived but the main gate was closed. 

"Hey what is this?!" The elf archer asks.

"They know we're supposed to be here," a dwarf said 

"Be on your way!" A goblin lookout barked. "We do not heed your request to release Zarfgett!"

"We paid good money for him, which includes a dwarf sword!" The dwarf said angrily.

"We will not release him. Archers!"

Goblins with crossbows appeared.

"If you dare fire at us it will be an act of war," a human said. 

"You can feed your peace to the dogs!" The goblin lookout declared.

"What should we do?" The elf mage said.

"We don't have time for this," another human said. 

"We have to come up with diplomatic solution," The elf medic said.

"I'll go in and negotiate with the warden."

"Elf Captain, you can't!" The elf archer said."

"What choice do we have?"

"You're not planning to chop off his head, are you?" The first human asks.

"It may come to that."

"What should we do?" The dwarf asks.

"If they attack run for it and send word to all our forces."

"Yes Elf Captain."

"Goblin soldier, tell the warden that Elf Captain Elena wishes to speak with him."

"Elf Captain Elena, the infamous Elf Captain Elena?"

"Yes that Elf Captain Elena."

"Very well, I shall tell him."

The SOTL waited a few minutes but soon the goblin lookout reappeared. "He has given you Elf Captain and only you permission to speak with him. But he wants you to come unarmed."

"Very well I shall."

"Elf Captain!" The elf archer screamed.

"Hey it's me!"

"I got a bad feeling about this," the elf medic warned. 

"It'll be fine." 

"I wish I had your confidence," the dwarf said.

"You live in a deep dark cave, that's more confidence than I have."

****

Elf Captain Elena enters the prison outer wall. Trolls growl at her and wolfs bark at her. A troll wearing blue armor appeared.

"I'm here to escort you to the warden," he huffed.

"Well lead on."

They head inside the prison. Once inside the door slams down hard.

"You really know how to make a guest feel welcomed," she said sarcastically.

"I don't know what you intend to do but you will not get out of here easily."

"I like a challenge."

"Humph!"

They stop at the warden's office.

"Sir, Elf Captain Elena is here."

"Ah good, send her in."

Elf Captain Elena enters the office and comes face to face with a brown orc, the door slams behind her. 

"I'm honored to meet you, Elf Captain, but your words fall on deaf ears, begone unless you pay me the same amount paid for the release of Zarfgett."

"I don't have that amount and if I did that's not going to happen."

"Why do you SOTL need him? You plenty of good warriors like yourself."

"Heck I don't know, I was just told to escort the prisoner. I don't give a damn about him, he eats goblins, that's wrong even if you were my enemy and still I don't think too fond of you."

"Well then you should understand."

"I do but it's my job, going back on a deal with SOTL will spark a war."

"We are prepared."

"What about your high-ups, would they not be upset?"

"To be honest yes, they will have a tribunal for me to save face but will let me resume my post."

"What?"

"Yes unless I kill a comrade they will do nothing. At my command Zarfgett will be executed. So nothing you say will change a thing."

"Listen this is my mission and as long as I've been captain I've never failed and will not start now!"

"If you to fight me then come on but I am a mage!"

"You're a mage?!"

"Yes!"

Elf Captain Elena knew she could not win against an orc mage unarmed and alone, she could leave but then her record of successful missions would come to an end. She could not pay him so what could she do? There was only one choice, she hated the idea but the mission was important, she traveled six days to get here and could not leave now. 

"I'm prepared to offer you a deal in exchange for Zarfgett's release."

"Really what would that be?"

"Let me fuck you!"

"Are you serious?"

"Yes, let me fuck you for his freedom."

The warden exits his chair and carries it to the middle of the room. He sits back down in it and with and he snaps of his finger. "The room is now soundproof so no one will hear a thing."

"So does that mean you accept my deal?"

The warden snaps his finger again and Elf Captain Elena's clothes save her brown bra and panties disappear. 

"Yes I've accepted your offer."

"Where are my clothes?"

"Somewhere safe, don't worry." He snaps his finger again and his crystal ball starts playing music. "It's one of our latest technological advances. Now dance for me."

"I know what you want but I've never dance like that."

"You dance or the deal is off."

"Alright I'll do it." She said unenthusiastically.

Elf Captain Elena turns around, revealing her sexy ass to the warden. She shakes her body slowly. She goes down slowly and rises back up and turns toward the warden. She goes back down and craws to toward him. She gets up and puts her right foot in the chair the puts her arms around him for a brief second and then shakes her boobs. She turns around and begins shaking her ass. She sits on his lap and takes his hands and guild them from her stomach to her tits. After that she lets them settle on her hips. She shakes faster. She knew he had to be turned on by all this and the sooner she got this over with the better. She moves away slowly, letting him watch her ass wiggle. "Oh fuck!" He said happily.

"I can't believe I've sunk this low," Elf Captain Elena thought. 

"You say you never danced like that but you do it expertly." The warden snaps his finger and the music stops. 

"I've had the awful viewing of my friends."

"Well it's seems you've been practicing. Hopefully to entice a he-elf or maybe you gone 'that' direction."

"I have certainly not!"

"Well you did well; now take the bra off."

Elf Captain Elena slowly unhooks the bra and sees the warden's eyes grow big and perhaps the creepiest smile she ever seen. 

"Go on play with your tits."

She started moving them up and down and then squeezes them. She pulls the right one up and licks the nipple and does same to the left and then puts her whole mouth on them one at a time. 

"Oh man, who knew an infamous elf like you could be so beautiful. Smile while you're doing, I what you to enjoy the time we're going to have."

Nothing could make Elf Captain Elena happier than to just slice his throat open.

"Now it's time to have some real fun!" He snaps his finger and Elf Captain Elena is hanging by chains. A gag was in her mouth and a spiked collar around her neck. She was trying to speak but couldn't. "Of course you can't say anything. You're wondering is going on, you've never been through something like this, have you?"

Elf Captain Elena shakes her head.

"Thought so, so that means you've never been a POW, right?"

Elf Captain Elena shakes her head.

"I knew you were good but not that good. You're in for a real treat; you will get a taste of what my world is like. For so long I thought pleasure was drinking and killing and fucking and pain was what I inflicted on my foes. I was wrong; one can experience pleasure through pain. It's better to torture people this way than the old fashion way." 

"You shall get a taste of art, the art of submission."

The orc warden snaps his finger and a cane appeared. 

"Through the pain you shall beg for me to stop and then after awhile you will have pleasure and then we'll go from there." 

The warden pulls down Elena's panties and rubs both ass cheeks with the cane and then delivers a painful strike. Elf Captain Elena screams through the gag.

"I could have removed the gag since this room is soundproof but its better this way."

Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

Elf Captain Elena screamed with each one.

"Do you want me to stop?"

Elf Captain Elena nods.

"I'll stop when I'm good and ready."

Slap! Slap!

"Are you ready for my penis?"

Elf Captain Elena nods.

"Good!"

The warden gets behind her.

"Now I want you to do the work, slide into it."

Elf Captain Elena starts moving her body backwards. "Right, that's it."

After a few minutes he tells her to stop and pulls out. He resumes striking her ass. Elf Captain Elena had tears coming from her eyes alone with saliva from the gag and her noise was running.

"What a site but that was just a taste compared to what I could really do, many of your she-elf and female human comrades were broken by me, you're just lucky that time is a factor. Now let's continue."

Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

"Your ass is getting red. Do want my penis again?"

Elf Captain Elena nods.

"Do you want me to stop?"

Elf Captain Elena nods. 

"Well the only way to stop me is to stop screaming. I want to hear you moan and none of that fakeness, I've been doing this for many years so I can tell the difference. Once you concentrate on the pleasure your mind will be free of the pain and you will truly feel the pleasure of this. Once that is done your reward will be my penis. Are you really going to try?"

Elf Captain Elena nods. 

Slap! Slap! Slap! 

"Nothing yet."

Slap! Slap! Slap! 

"UH,"

"It's a start."

Elf Captain Elena concentrates as hard as she can and then she thinks about the other orcs that she had sex with and how great it was, even Thantor. She lets out another moan with the next strike.

"Let me try a bit softer." He rubs Elf Captain Elena's ass again and starts striking her softly. It was starting to work. He strikes her ass again hard but this time she makes an even louder moan. "See it's working, now just a few more." He strikes her softly three times and three times hard and each time she moaned in pleasure. "Great it's time for your reward but first." He snaps his finger and a chain with clamps on both sides appear and hover toward Elf Captain Elena. "Those are clamps for your nipples, they can either deliver pain or pleasure but since this is your first time nine times out of ten it will hurt. You will feel pleasure as you fuck me but the longer you do the more erect your nipples will be. This will cause either pain or pleasure and then I will take over and fuck you till you feel pleasure and pain. Now let's go!" He gets behind her and she works her body.

Elf Captain Elena starts moaning. This was the worst to her and what he said was just a taste. Who in their right mind could get off on this? She wondered. But he was an orc, twisted creatures.

"Oh yes!" He moaned and slapped her ass. Elf Captain Elena lets out a huge moan after that. "Yeah you like getting your ass spanked! Your pussy is tight and dripping wet!" 

Elf Captain Elena started to feel more pleasure now than pain and went faster and faster. The orc grunted and groaned and then took over. 
