 The pleasure cruise had been uneventful so far. Elena and the group had reached their destination. As they made their way through the boat on their way out, Nesa hears clapping from one of the rooms. 

"I wonder what's going on in there, should we check it out?"

"That's not clapping," Thantor corrected her. 

"What do mean, I hear it."

"Trust me that is not the clapping of hands."

"Come one there's no reason to stay, we've been here long enough," Elena said, pushing Nesa forward.

From her own experience Elena knew Thantor was right. She was determining to be done with this mission ASAP. 

"When we're done we're taking the long way home."

"What, can't we just get on the cruise again?" Nesa complained.

"No! It was just awful!"

"What was so wrong?" Gudolu asks.

"Yeah I slept like a baby?" Jetkins said.

"Stow the small talk, let's go!" Elena walks off with a huff. 

"Man what is up with that?" Nesa complained to the others.

"If she was in such a hurry to catch Felicia would it not make since to take the short route and recover strength in the process?" Gudolu questioned. 

****

"Alright, now we just take the alternate road through the hills and we shall reach The Temple of Hyradon by nightfall," Thantor announced.

Elena nods. "Alright everyone be on guard, just because we're taking a longer road less traveled does not mean we're completely alone."

****

The blue creature with red eyes was eating his dinner when came a knock on the door. "Enter!"

"We've brought the priestess as you ordered."

The priestess enters the room. 

"Leave us," he said to his comrades.

"Why are you still here? You have everything, all the monks are dead so why?"

"We do not leave till we are commanded; I will keep my promise, Priestess Mera," the creature known as Bsran replied. 

"Who commands you?"

"The one who commands me will change the age of this world."

"What do you mean?"

"You'll see soon enough, and many will die yes but no peace can be achieve without sacrifices like the warriors here."

"Does it really have to be this way?"

"If Leader says it's required then it's required. This has nothing to do with you so be glad."

"This does have something to do with me."

"Well be glad you'll not be counted among the dead."

"So when..."

"Soon Priestess soon now go back to your room and eat you'll need your strength."

Priestess Mera leaves in a huff. Bsran watched her ass wiggle as she left. Mera had long black hair with purple eyes, she wore a white dress complete with silver collar branded with a seal of a flower and diamond studded sandals. This was standard for the priestess of Mera's culture.

"Soon Priestess oh yes soon!" He chuckled.

****

"I'm tired; can we take a break, Captain?" Nesa complained.

"We don't have any time to waste," Elena said sternly.

"She's right, in another hour the sun will be gone completely and the wolves will come out," Thantor said. 

"Hey don't be preaching advice to me, Orc!"

"I am your guild so would it not be wise to listen to someone who's been here a few times before?"

"Why would you be here, we don't take kindly to SOTD prowling through on our territory especially close to a religious temple!?" 

"Passing through," Thantor assured. 

"Alright enough small talk," Elena said. "Move your asses!"

They suddenly hear screeching.

"What's that?" Jetkins asked worriedly, pulling out his sword.

"Calm down everyone it's just a bat," Thantor said.

Nesa lets loose an arrow from her bow which finds its target. "Well I've found my dinner for tonight."

"Are you serious?" Gudolu asks. 

"What it's no different from eating chicken."

"Alright whatever I don't care, let's go!" Elena said angrily.

The group made their way through the hills silently. Only the sounds of nature could be heard. Elena was tense and ready to strike any foe. She was determined to keep focus on the objective mainly because of what happened on the boat. Why she had such a dream was beyond her. 

****

"Alright my elf eyes see nothing; the next turn will take us to the secret passage way inside a cave. We'll rest here till 6am while the enemy is still asleep," Elena said.

"How do we know they even require sleep?" Jetkins asks.

"We don't even know what we're up against," Gudolu said.

"I know but we need sleep."

The group had their tents sat up. Gudolu puts up a barrier so they would be unseen by any type of eyes. Despite the fact they were secure; Elena could not sleep and watches the area. Why did she have that dream? She wondered. She had dreams about getting killed in battle but simply blush those off, she had a wet dream when she was young but that was different, this dream she had deeply disturbed her. The dream was clear as it happened for real, every single detail. She was putting all of her thought energy on the mission just to keep her mind from coming back to the dream. 

"Looks like you can't sleep either."

Elena looks and sees Thantor coming toward her.

"No need to look so tense."

"Why are you here?"

"I can't sleep so I thought I would watch the stars for a bit."

"I prefer to be by myself, thank you!"

"Alright, alright, you SOTLs could be little nicer."

"Listen I don't have time for your foolishness I have to get some sleep!"

"Well you're the one who's up."

"Shut it!"

"Ha, always trying to deny obvious truths like..."

"Don't!"

"You know the truth, Elf Captain."

"You say one more word and you're dead!"

Thantor just smirked.

****

"Alright everyone now that we're fully ready we're going inside, Thantor you will remain here, SOTDs are not permitted to enter this sacred place."

"Aright you elves take care, I'll be waiting," he waves.

The elves were now in the cave. 

"Finally we were able to leave him behind," Nesa said happily.

"Yeah I know what you mean," Elena agreed.

The elf team moved the through the cave swiftly. The only sound that could be heard was the dripping of water. The deeper they got the darker it got but Gudolu lids deem light with his staff. They crept slowly till they reach a door. Elena uses her dagger to open the door. They go in and a few feet away they spot a ladder. Each one climbed and once all were up the ladder Elena opens the next door with her dagger. They crawl through a tunnel. Gudolu was in front since he was the one with a light. 

"Could they not make the tunnel bigger?" Nesa complained.

"Deal with it, Nesa, I'm sure it won't be too long," Gudolu said.

They went a little further and suddenly hear footsteps.

"I can see a small opening," Gudolu announced.

"Can you see the source of the footsteps?" Elena asks.

"There's a creature of some sort, its skin is blue and it has red eyes and dressed in silver. It's seems to have large protruding teeth, I don't, I don't see any lips just teeth."

"What?" 

"Are you serious?" Nesa asks.

"Yes, I've never seen anything like it."

"Where is it heading?"

"There's a door straight ahead with bars on it. There's a seal on the door, it's a flower, the seal of the Priestess. The creature I heading inside."

**** 

Priestess Mera had just finished bathing herself. It was nearly seven in the morning, she usually get up at six to prepare for the early service but now she was alone and the habit would not die easily. She puts on a fresh robe and was prepared to sit and read when she notices Bsran. He strips out of his armor approaches Mera, her eyes widen in fear. He grabs her by the arm and forces her on the floor.

"We both know that I have to rape you now," Bsran says and starts tearing off her clothes with her struggling to stop him. "You'll just have to imagine the love." 

He pins her down and rams into her."Oh such luscious C-melons you have!" His protruding teeth bite gently. He gropes them and then forces his tongue in Mera's mouth. He was pretty much sucking her mouth. He pauses and checks her and sees blood. Mera has tears coming out of her eyes. "Don't worry baby I'll be gentle from this point and I've taken a shower." He picks up speed and moaned and groans. "Fighting and pillaging is nothing compared to this! And the fact you're a priestess makes it better, a pure being that's devoted to spiritual matters cut off from the worldly matters."

****

"Good lord that creature is defiling the priestess!" Gudolu whispered to the others.

"Ewwww, that's disgusting, I think I'm gonna be sick," Nesa said with hand over her mouth."

"We have to hurry and rescue her and then get the sword," Elena said.

****

Bsran had Mera's legs up on his head and he rams deeper into her wet hole. "Oh yes!" He stops and switches positions, he starts doing her doggy style. He squeezes her breasts and licks the back of her neck with his long tongue. "You're beautiful and tight!"

Mera could nothing but just take it. He kept going and going and then let's out a loud savage roar that echoes across the Temple of Hyradon. She could hot liquid flowing into her. With a few more thrusts Bsran releases her and falls on his back. 

"That... was... awesome! You truly are a gift, a rare jewel!"

Mera could feel the liquid running. It takes her a minute to process it all.

"Your monks, your spiritual powers could do nothing!" 

Mera glares at Bsran but he just grins.

"Lick it clean."

Mera's eyes widen.

"Go on clean it and if you use teeth then I'LL USE MY TEETH IN RETURN."

She approaches Bsran and sat down on her knees and begins cleaning his penis with her tongue.

"Oh that's right; I'll definitely try your mouth later."

She starts with tip and all the way down.

"There's some on my balls so lick those too." He enjoyed seeing her face the way it was, disgusted. 

"May you receive a harsh judgment for what you've done!"

"Wow those are the first words you've said I came in here." 

"Do you really not fear divine punishment?"

"Baby if I died right now I would have no regrets, fucking you was worth it, anybody says otherwise is either lying or stupid!"

She went as fast she could, licking his disgusting cum up. When she was done he left. 

**** 

The four elves made their way to the end to the end tunnel and climb down the letter.

"That monster will pay for defiling the priestess," Gudolu declared.

The others agreed. 

Once were all four were down they head through another passageway. 

"At this point I think it would be safer with no light," Gudolu said. 

The four walked slowly, making sure their eyes were well adjusted to the little natural light. The four finally stop at a dead end.

"Great what now?" Nesa complained.

"There has to be a switch or something, we're in a secret tunnel," Gudolu explained. 

Suddenly the wall opens. The elves had their weapons ready but it was not the enemy that appeared but the priestess. She almost falls backwards upon seeing them.

"I got you," Gudolu assured. 

"You're Elves, Servants of the Light."

"Yes, I'm Elena, Elf Captain of the Elftoria's black-ops unit. This is Gudolu my mage, Nesa my archer and Jetkins my medic."

"Oh thank you." 

"What is the situation here?"

"These blue creatures with red eyes came and attack, they claim to be under orders from someone but I don't know." 

"Are there any others?"

"No, all the monks are dead," she answered and cried.

"It's ok we're here now," Elena assured.

"What are the numbers of the enemy?" Nesa asks.

"There's at least a hundred."

"Fuck me," Nesa laughed nervously. 

"Do you know what they are?" Elena asks. 

"They're called Majin Hai.

"Majin Hai?" Nesa questioned.

"Yes demon folk, I've never seen anything like them."

"How were you able to get away?" Elena asks.

"Very lucky I guess."

"Why did they keep you alive? Gudolu asks.

"I don't know but their leader told me he'd let me go soon but then defiled me." Mera breaks down. 

"It's ok it's ok, Jetkins said, comforting her. 

"Captain, let me escort her out of here, she clearly can't go on by herself." 

"Ok."

"No let me come with you I want revenge for the monks, I can get you to the sword called Incapacitator."

"Are you sure you can handle it?" Jetkins asks.

"I have to I can't let things remain like this, my body was defiled, I must protect the Temple of Hyradon. Please let me come with you."

"Very well but we can't let you unarmed," Elena said. 

"Can you wield a sword?" Gudolu asks.

Mera nods.

"Then use mine."

"But what about you?"

"I have my staff."

"Alight show us the way, Mera," Elena ordered.

Mera nods and they proceed on.They take another secret passage, like the last one it was dimly lit.

"Why do you people keep this place so dark?" Nesa asks.

"We didn't," Mera replied. "We're almost there."

"One more question, these creatures can be killed right?"

"Yes otherwise I would not have come with you all."

"Hey don't get witty!"

"I'm sorry."

They go down a flight of stairs and go through another tunnel until they reach a dead end. The priestess lifts up a candle which doubled as a switch. The door opens and the four head inside a room. There standing in the center of the on a glass table was the Incapacitator; it was black with purple aura emulating from it.

"I can feel its desire to be wielded once more," Elena said and walks slowly as if in a trance. 

"Captain, don't get weird just grab to sword and let's be on our way."

"I'm Elftoria's black-ops Elf Captain Elena; please allow me to wield you."

Incapacitator starts glow blight purple.

"Very well then," Elena said and gets on the glass table and gently grabs Incapacitator by the hilt.

"Glad that's over, now let's go," Nesa said happily.

Suddenly they heard a horn.

"It's not us," Jetkins said to Mera.

The Majin Hai started to appear. 

"They're everywhere, they have us surrounded," Gudolu said.

"Duh I can see that," Nesa snide, having and arrow already ready to fire.

"Get behind me, Priestess," Jetkins said to Mera.

Mera draws Gudolu's sword and puts at Jetkins' throat.

"What you doing?"

"Drop the sword, Elf Captain!"

"I would do what she says," Bsran said.

"So you betray us to those creatures!?" Nesa yelled.

Mera didn't answer.

"But he raped you," Gudolu reminded her.

"Nah," she shook her head. "It was all an act."

"What!" Elena exclaimed.

"Yes we knew you were watching, you honestly thought you could sneak in here without us knowing, we've known about your little band since you left Elftoria."

"But why fake it?" Gudolu asks.

"It was just to get you all riled up to get here quicker."

"Do you even realize what you've done?" Elena yelled.

"Of course I realize what I've done, I've betrayed to the Temple of Hyradon."

"Why?"

"It was to obtain true happiness!"

"What?"

"Of course you elves could not possibly understand by allow to explain."

**** 

I did not choose this life; I never wanted to be a priestess. The old Priestess passed away and it was decided that a young girl form my village would be chosen as the new priestess. It was a random drawing and I was picked and from that moment my freedom was stolen from me. I could only see my parents and friends once a year if they were even home, they could never visit me. The clothing the monks provided was all I could ever wear. I was to detach myself from the world.And then one day it happened, I was out picking mushrooms and ventured unknowingly near a Majin Hai scout group and was captured. I was presented to their leader Bsran. He was going to kill me but I made a deal with him. 

"Please spare me and I'll lead to a secret entrance."

"We'll just find our own way there, you no value as a hostage."

"But the monks are deadly."

"We'll deal with them." 

"Wait, you're need someone who can access the Incapacitator."

"And why can't we just simply take it?"

"Its laced with a deadly spell which can only be disable by a Servant of the Light."

"What make you think I'll trust you, how do I know you won't use the sword on me?"

"Please all I want is to be free to live my own life."

"Now why don't I just send you to next world?"

"Please what can I give to make change your mind, I'll do anything you ask, please!"

I watched as he pondered for a second and then he spoke.

"I'll spare you on the condition that you'll become my woman."

"How do I know you just won't kill after you get the sword and have your fun?"

"Well how do I know you won't report to the monks or just use the sword on me?"

"Well I guess we'll just play the odds and trust each other."

"I don't like this. Oh what the hell like you can kill me anyway."

"I won't die so easily for I was trained by the monks."

"You didn't have that attitude a few minutes ago, what are you scheming?"

"Hey all I want is to get out of the Temple of Hyradon."

"Why not just run?"

"It's not that simple, they won't just let me leave they'll send every SOTL after me I'm just that valuable." 

"You're no valuable to me."

"Well I shall make myself valuable to you. I'll lead a small number of you that includes you to the secret entrance while alerting the monks to your main forces. They'll lock me up in my room till this whole thing blows over. So you kill all the monks break me out and I'll get you the sword. With all numbers you have it will be impossible for me to get out alive. Kill all the monks, ransack the Temple of Hyradon and claim all the treasure there including the sword Incapacitator and the greatest treasure of all me, it's a win, win for you. I only ask is that you take me out of the Temple of Hyradon."

I watch as he ponders this idea of mine.

"Fine but only because I like a good challenge."

****

"So it went exactly like that."

"Well if it did then why wait for us to go and retrieve the sword?" Elena asks.

"Unfortunately when I tried to retrieve Incapacitator I was recoiled by it, which has never happened before, I think it knew I betrayed the Temple of Hyradon. And that's where you all come in and once one of you retrieve it the spell is broken and anyone can use it. I wanted to just leave but noooo, Bsran here is under orders!"

"Who commands you, Bsran?!" Elena demanded.

"I already asked that question but he didn't tell me, all he's doing is waiting to do more killing which at this point is senseless," Mera said angrily. 

"The one who commands me will change the age of this world. You know!"

"It's Felicia!" Elena guessed.

"Ding, ding, ding we have a winner, Johnny tell her what she's won, she won an all expenses paid trip for four to hell!" 

The other Majin Hai laugh and move in closer.

"We could turn you but no, Leader was very specific."

"What do you mean turn us?" Elena asks.

"Well some like me were created but others in my group were turned, some you see before you were once humans, elves, dwarfs, orcs, goblins and trolls but no more, we have special venom that turns you and once you are one of us you have no memory of who you once were and it's irreversible, the new ones all take on the form you see before you, all same but different personalities, the gender remains as they started before the turn." 

Mera is suddenly hit in the head with a rock and Jetkins was free. 

The Majin Hai look up and see Thantor on a rope coming down from a hole in the ceiling. "What up bitches!"

"Kill him!" Bsran barked.

Taking advantage of the distraction, Elena leaps into the air and slashes down two Majin Hai. She stabs them but they did not die on the first blow so she tries again and again but they did not die.

"Oh forgot to mention that Incapacitator does not kill," Mera said, regaining consciousness.

"What!?" Both Elena and Bsran said in union.

"Um yeah it's not called the Incapacitator for no reason."

"And you wait till now to mention this!" Bsran roared. "What if I had it the sword?"
