 "Well now that our job here is done we can go home, eh captain?" The elf archer asks.

Elf Captain Elena didn't respond.

"Captain, Captain!"

"Huh what?"

"Now that our job is over we can go home, right?"

"Um yeah sure."

"Are you alright, Captain? You seem absentminded."

"Oh I'm fine; I'm just thinking the recent attacks."

"Oh that is important."

The recent attack on Plebs and the other villages were the least thing on Elf Captain Elena's mind. Four days had passed since that night and she still didn't know the answer to what happened. She gave herself to Thantor the orc when she could have fought and won. She would not make the same mistake again; next time they met she was going to kill him. 

A few hours had passed, the archer and the medic thought they should stay one more night but Elf Captain Elena was determined to leave. Thantor was gone but thought of that night was just too much for her. 

"Ok do one final sweep of the room and then we are gone!"

"Yes ma'am!" Her squad said and then she left.

"Is it me or does the captain seem upset about something?" The archer asks. 

The others couldn't answer.

**** Elf Captain Elena passes through the hallway when a certain door catches her eye. It was Thantor's old room. She knew he was gone but could not help but search the room, for what she did not know. She uses her dagger to open the door since her key would not obviously work. 

She scans the room, the room was obviously clean but still she felt the urge to look around anyway. The first three drawers she opened had nothing but the last one had a book in it and a piece of paper sticking out. She pulls the paper out and looks at it. The paper had a drawing of an elf with big tits and on top the name Elena. "That bastard, I'll finish him off painfully slow!" She stuffs the paper between her tits to burn later. She could not risk anyone seeing that.

**** Elf Captain Elena and her squad arrived at Elftoria without incident

"Oh Elena I missed you!" The princess said and hugged her.

"I missed you too."

"So how was everything?"

"Just fine, we did our work and no trouble."

"Did you buy me anything?"

"Of course I did, what kind of friend would I be if I didn't?"

"You're more than a friend to me, you're an older sister."

"Yeah, yeah I heard that before."

"I'm serious and I'll keep saying it."

"Alright fine, let me submit my report to the king and then we can hang out."

"Yay!"

"Gee you sound like a freakin kid."

The princess just laughs.

****   Elf Captain Elena bows. "Your majesty, no new news on what force attack the town of Plebs and the other villages." 

"Good work on helping the town; I shall send scouts to help our Light comrades. Perhaps it was brigands but we'll know soon enough. You may go."

**** "Such good wine!" Elf Captain Elena cheered. 

"Princess you're 18 now come with us," the archer said.

"Are you high? I will now have the Princess tainted by this vile drink!" Elf Captain Elena said angrily.

"Well I am 18 and you drink."

"That's because I'm your big sis, you're not old enough so leave the drinking to me."

"I'm sure I can handle it."

"Your dad expects me to keep you safe, it he finds out he'll have my head on a pike."

"I will not allow such a thing to occur to my big sis."

"Yes but still."

"Guess what big sis."

"What?"

"While you were gone Prince Gai of Dingin proposed to me and I said yes."

"Oh I'm so happy!"

"You should find someone too, and then we can double date."

"I'm married to my work."

"You can't fuck your work."

"Princess such language will not be tolerated."

The Princess giggled. "So you tend to remain a virgin, why don't you become a priestess, I won't love you any less."

Elf Captain Elena gave a fake laugh. "Yeah I'll still be a virgin."

"Hey get me a cup of wine," the princess commands a waiter. As soon as the cup arrives the princess was about to drink it but Elf Captain Elena takes it. 

"No drinking till your wedding day."

"But that's a few months from now," the princess complained.

"Well you'll just have to wait."

"I am the princess, you know."

"And I'm your big sis; see the chain of command here?"

The princess pouted

"Patience, on your wedding night you'll get to drink as much as you want and then when you come back from your honeymoon we'll have a drinking contest."

"Really, I heard about those things and they sound fun!"

"Yes they are, so wait till then."

"I will big sis."

"Pinky swear?"

"Pinky swear."

**** Three days later Elena was summoned by the king.

"Your majesty I've come as you summoned."

"The town of Govina is infested by geno worms."

"That's impossible; geno worms are not native to this region."

"That's what I thought too but it has been confirmed. There have been ten casualties. As you know they paralyze their prey before devouring them. There's something going on here, it could be related to the attack on Plebs and the other villages. I want you to assemble a team to be rid of the infestation."

"Yes your majesty, I shall leave at once."

**** "Ok everyone, Govina is only four hours away, we must ride light and swift and counter the infestation. Move out!"

As Elf Captain Elena and her group rode through the countryside she couldn't help wondering if Thantor was somehow involved with was going on but even if he wasn't she would take his head but was he even in Govina? She hoped so. 

The hours passed and they were nearing the town of Govina. The group could see smoke and knew to be ready for anything. 

The group entered the town and saw the infestation for themselves. 

"It's worst than I thought!" The elf medic said.

"Alright mage team you know what to do!" 

The mages start using their staffs to suck up the geno worms. The medic elves dismounted to aid the wounded and Elf Captain Elena and the attackers help cover them. 

"Disgusting things!" the elf archer says as she lets loose her arrows."

"Move deeper into the town," Elf Captain Elena barked. 

The elves fight their way to the mayor's office. 

"Get the wounded inside, hurry!" Elf Captain Elena barked.

"Oh thank you for coming!" The mayor said happily.

"Don't thank us yet till the job is done."

"Do you have any idea where the geno worms came from?" An elf mage asks.

"No, it started with the report of one so we killed it and then there was a report of a whole room infested and then they started appearing everywhere. Many people have been eaten by those worms."

"Have you seen any strange people?" Elf Captain Elena asks.

"Not that I know of, we get people all the time but no one has been acting strange, no fighting no anything."

"Where did you catch site of the first one?" The elf mage asks.

"The first one was report at the tavern which is five blocks from here."   "You think this infestation could have originated from the tavern?" Elf Captain Elena asks.

"It's possible, captain, no harm in taking a look."

"Right, the geno worms are native to a desert region and we have no desert here which means someone brought an egg here." 

"Let's get to that tavern!" 

**** The elf group, accompanied by the local police fight their way to the tavern. 

"I say nay to spaghetti forever," an elf medic said.

"Alright let's start looking," Elf Captain Elena said.

They search the tavern but could not find anything.

"Well it was a waste, I'm sorry," the elf mage said sadly.

"It's alright; we just have to kill all the geno worms.

"Wait there is one other place, the attic. Before I became a police officer I worked here and we had a secret attic to protect our wine in case someone stole the wine up front," a police officer said.

The police officer opens the attic and the group searches the area. 

"It's here! The egg is here!" The mage said.

"So now we know. Who has access to the attic?" Elf Captain Elena asks.

"Only my dad and I have access since I'm his son. My mom did but she died three years ago."

"But wait; remember your dad hired that young lady two weeks ago," one of the other officers said.

"That's right."

"What woman?" Elf Captain Elena asks.

"She was a human like us, new to the Govina and quite a looker, I figured he hired her for obvious reasons and he actually gave her access to the attic."

"So we have our suspect. You have a picture of her?"

"Oh yeah we do, and talk about a picture."

The police officer takes them to his dad's private quarters and there they see a large painting of the woman with black and two blue strains of hair with blight blue eyes and blue lipstick.

"Wow she is beautiful for female human," the archer said.

"Focus people! What is her name?"

"It's Felicia. We have many smaller pictures of her and I saw her in town before the infestation broke out."

"So she could still be here."

"Correct."

"Well let's see if we can find her and bring her in for questioning." 

****          Time went on slowly but most of infestation had been cleared by the defenders. It seemed easier but word had reach them that Felicia had left the refuge where all the civilians were gather and was now somewhere on the streets.

"She must be on to us, keep a sharp look out." Elf Captain Elena ordered.   "My men are already covering the exits," the police officer said.

"Good, we'll have her boxed in."

**** Elf Captain Elena was by herself, unlike the rest of the group traveling in pairs she insisted on looking for Felicia alone because she was more experienced. It was that arrogant side of hers.

"Hopefully she'll come to me because I'm alone." 

She takes a few more steps before deciding to relieve her foot of an itch. Once she takes off her boot a geno worm leaps out of nowhere and bites her foot. This immediately causes her to fall. She tries to move her legs but couldn't. The geno worm closes in to eat her but she grabs it and repeatedly slams it on the ground until it was dead. "Of all the servants of the Dark and a dragon I fought you honestly think I'll be done in by a worm? Get the fuck out of here!"   

Even though she said this the damage has been done, she couldn't move her legs and had no choice but use her arms. She had to get to a safe place, there were still geno worms in Govina and sometimes they attack in numbers.

As she made her way slowly she heard voices coming from a dark alley. "Oh thank goodness," she thought. She happily crawls into the alley but her smile disappears from her face as she happens on upon five red orcs.

"Well what have we got here?" The lead orc smiled evilly.

"In another age you would be an easy kill but the sight of you struggling warms my heart," another orc jeered.

Elf Captain Elena was obviously in no position to fight so she had to keep the peace. This hurt her pride but she had no choice. "Please help me."

The orcs laughed. "I thought we made mistake coming out but I was wrong."

"Please help me." She begged again.

"What do you think, boys, should we help her, she did say please after all?" The lead orc grinned. 

"I say leave her," the third orc said.

"I agree, she would not help us if we were in her position," the fourth orc said. 

Elf Captain Elena notices a white jug. "That jug is the cure to paralysis, right?"

"Yes and?"

"How much you want for it?"

"Well, since you are being nice, five hundred gold coins for...."

"You have a deal!"

"You interrupted me before I could finish. That's five hundred gold coins each."  "Each?"

"Yes for me and my boys. Surely you elves have quite a lot and would not mind, considering how important this jug is."

"I don't have that much on me but I can get you the amount once I'm cured."

"I don't quite believe you."

"Please, the worms are almost finished; I can get you the money!"

"Sorry but I don't trust servants of the Light. Let's go boys."

Elf Captain Elena was in a real fix, it was six miles to the mayor's place and she was likely to be eaten by the worms before she got there. What could she do? There was only one option left, this would really be the end of her pride but she had no choice.

"Wait, there is another way."

The lead red orc stopped. "I'm listening."

"I could... fuck you."

"What?"

"I'll fuck you and not just you but all five of you."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes, think about it, this could be your only opportunity to experience the pleasures of an elf."

Elf Captain Elena was speaking the truth; elves were the fairest of all beings, if one could be with an elf they were considered heroes or heroines. The dwarfs would put on façade against this but many would trade of their treasures even souls for a night of pleasure with an Elf.

"So what do you say, boys?"

All four nodded.

"You have a deal but our bargain goes first." The lead strips and then proceeds to strip Elena. He grabs her by the waist and sits her on his penis. 

He goes up down on her. "Ohhh look at those titties jiggle!"

He squeezes her left tit and kneels her down so he could kiss her. He moans and groans and puts his hands on her ass cheeks. "Oh yes! Come on boys!"

The other orcs quickly took off their pants and underwear and joined in.

"Huh what's going on?" Elf Captain Elena said in a panic as one orc puts his spit filled finger in her ass.

"You said you were going to fuck all five of us," the leader reminded.

"But I meant one at a time."

"Well you fail to mention that and we don't have all day."

Elf Captain Elena wasn't entirely sure about this, she was taught that vagina intercourse was the only way and yet the other orc was about to take her up the ass. A rock hard red penis appeared in her face. 

"Open your mouth please."

"What?" As she spoke the red penis was shoved in her mouth.

The orc groaned in pleasure. Elf Captain Elena could not believe it; she was now getting fucked in the mouth. All three of her holes were being pumped. The other two orcs went on both sides of Elf Captain Elena. They order her to place her hands on their penis. "Now go up and down with your hands." 

Elf Captain Elena could never have predicted this, giving hand jobs, a blow job, being fucked in the pussy and ass. The orc in front went deeper into her, his hands grabbing her head and his balls hitting her chin. She was now being skull fucked. 

All five red orcs moaned and groaned in pleasure. The three picked up speed and Elf Captain Elena worked her hands faster. The lead orc kisses her stomach and goes back to ravaging her tits. 

Elf Captain Elena was getting wetter and wetter and her nipples had long been hard as the lead orc had watch in amazement on how quickly they got. "Oh can't hold much longer!" He cried.

"Me either and you started before us!" The one giving anal said.

All five orcs came into Elf Captain Elena as she came. Both sides of her face was filled with cum. The orc in front slowly pulled out and let the last few drops hit the front of her face. 

Each one of them along with Elena was catching their breaths. 

"That was... incredible," Elf Captain Elena admitted. "Now it's time for your end of the bargain, the jug."

"What are you talking about, we've just begun," the lead orc said.

"Yeah you only gave us hand jobs; we want to try you out."  "I only had your ass, now I want your mouth."

"And I want to play with your jugs before we give you our jug."

"But, but..." Elf Captain Elena stammered.

"But nothing, you said you would fuck all of us as payment for the jug," the lead orc said.

"Please we need this," the orc that her left hand felt pleaded.

"We are at peace now so we should keep it peaceful," The other orc Elf Captain Elena felt with her right hand said.   "Make love not war," the lead orc said.

Elf Captain Elena could not believe they were begging but it was for good cause, peace. They had twisted puppy dog eyes, use the word please and she really needed that jug. "Very well, all of you can have your way with me till each is satisfied but like you said we don't have all day."

The five orcs wasted no time.

Every few minutes they switch positions. Elf Captain Elena now had her legs up in the air as one of the orcs pounded her. One orc jerked off, letting cum hit her face and mouth. Another orc sat her down and pounded her faced away from him.

"To think we almost decided not to go out," the lead said happily while receiving head.

Elf Captain Elena pauses to swallow the cream and resumes blowing the lead orc. 

"Oh! For a first timer you suck like expert."

"Um thanks I guess," Elf Captain Elena said. 

"Oh I can't take it anymore!" He came in her mouth and pulls out, thus allowing her to swallow his cum. It tasted disgusting to her the first time but then it got better. She licks what she could off her mouth. "Clean it," he ordered and she does this. "Alright I think we're done, what say you boys?"

The four nodded.

"Alright time to keep our end of the bargain."

"You can just leave the jug with me, I can do it myself."

"Oh no it's our end so we'll help you," the lead orc insisted.

They help Elf Captain Elena up and keep her balanced as they rub her legs but then they rubs her inner and outer thighs.

"Um I think that's enough, my legs were the only part paralyzed," Elf Captain Elena said nervously.

"Oh we have to make sure the worms don't paralyze the rest of your body," the orc said and starts rubbing her stomach with the antidote. He takes it further by rubbing her breasts.

"Um I'm really sure I can handle the rest."

"We're professionals, trust us," he said with an honest face but clearly dishonest.

Elf Captain Elena sighs, she knew there was no way out of this save to let them finish. "Carry on then."  

One of the orcs started licking her ass and she lets out a moan. This was totally new to her, the orcs each did anal but neglected to rim her till now. 

One of the orc smeared some of the antidote on his balls and orders Elf Captain Elena to lick them clean. "Oh baby!"

After the orc from behind was done rimming her he rubs her ass cheeks.

"We're almost done," the lead orc said. "Just one more spot." He proceeds to rub her clit and then went inside Elf Captain Elena's pussy. 

She moans.

"Yeah feels good, doesn't it?"

"Yes it does," she admitted to her shame.

He stops after Elf Captain Elena cums.

All begin to dress. 

"You servants of the Light aren't too bad after all," the lead orc complemented. "And take the jug."

"Um thank you."

"No thank you, Elf Captain Elena."

Elf Captain Elena's eyes widen in horror. She hadn't told them her name.

"You're infamous to the servants of the Dark; you honestly think we would not know it was you?" 

Elf Captain Elena was speechless.

"Don't worry we won't say a thing, your reputation would be ruin, you'll be exile or burned at the stake."

"Why not tell, it would be your chance to bring down the great Elena?"

"Oh please I would rather bring you down with a sword than do something so cowardly. That antidote will shield the stench of orc. Well, see you." 

As soon as they were out of sight Elf Captain Elena falls to her knees, she could not believe what she had to result to. "Get it together, Elena, you have a job to do, they agreed not say anything, you are safe." She pulls herself together and proceeds out of the alley; after the job was over she was planning to take a long hot shower.



To be continued...