 Glad the first chapter appears to be fairly well received. I have to confess this is my first attempt at writing a story. Hopefully I can continue to please. Truthfully, I'm more interested in the romance and world building but I know what site I'm on so now we'll see Rekka get what she wants. Enjoy, if you will, and please feel more than free to send any criticisms you might have. Thanks!

*****

They strolled, hand in paw as it were, through the moonlit forest. Bill tried to extract useful information about this new land from Rekka while she cunningly tried to get her paws under his clothes.

"So, hellhound. How's that work? You aren't going to drag me to Hell and eat my soul, are you? I'm generally against that sort of thing. Allergic to brimstone you know," he said.

Rekka laughed and cuddled in close to his side. "Nope! Mama said we ain't done that in a long time. Hellhounds are the best! We're strong, fierce, an' we can't be tamed! We ain't werewolves, so don't expect me to fetch and obey," she replied while prodding at his shirt buttons, frustrated that they didn't seem to be paw or claw accessible.

Bill stopped that by grabbing her paw, examining the claws and pads where her palm and fingertips would be on a human. He was amazed she could get so much useful motion out of them, but could see they weren't as dexterous as his fingers. Ridiculously soft and pleasant to touch. Still, they were much more useful than his hands for cutting and fighting he supposed. He guessed hellhounds weren't big on tool use. He let the paw free and continued his interrogation.

"Werewolves exist here, huh? What's next vampires, orcs, faeries, and dragons? Oh shit, are zombies real?" he asked scanning around anxiously. The zombie apocalypse seemed a lot less appealing without a handy fortified Mall and easy access to firearms.

Rekka nodded amiably, hopping over a raised tree root while leading them confidently through the forest. "Mmhmm," she replied. "you sure don't know a lot, do ya? Where'd you grow up? Sounds dull," she asked pausing to allow him to amble his way over the roots.

"You know, it really was," he replied thoughtfully. "I'm from another world, if I wasn't clear before. Just me and a few billion other humans for company. This place seems a lot more interesting, even if it was just you around." He paused looking down at her, giving her paw a slight squeeze.

Rekka yipped cutely at that, melting into his side for a moment before grinning and tugging more forcefully at his hand. "C'mon, we're almost there! I'll show you interestin'! You'll never be bored again once I get those pants off, sugar!" she cried lustily.

Bill chuckled a little nervously at that. "Your cave, huh? Sounds... cozy. You mentioned your mother and father. You live with them? They going to want to meet me, and me being a human isn't going to cause any problems will it?" he queried, having been wondering about that for a while now. He sure hoped he wasn't expected to be ravished under the watchful eyes of a couple of over protective hellhound parents.

Rekka seemed to ignore him, her tail going still and her ears falling low against her head. Finally, she replied, "Mmm. Nope, jus' me now." Bill watched her carefully, knowing there was more to her story but he didn't want to pry so soon. Whatever would make a cheerful creature like Rekka downcast was certainly not a happy tale. Rekka sniffed and shook her head, then glanced back at him with a small smile, her tail swishing lightly again. "Yep! Just you, me, an' nothing to do but mate, lover!" she said pulling him into a clearing.

Bill smiled back at her before taking in their new surroundings. He had noticed the rockier ground they traveled had been climbing steadily uphill and expected they were now within the foothills of some forested mountains. He was unsurprised to see a rocky shelf with hanging vines concealing a dark opening into the earth. Obviously Rekka's cave. He hoped it was nicer inside than its austere exterior. Somewhere he heard the sound of burbling water, probably a nearby stream or creek.

"So, home sweet hole, huh. You know I can't see in the dark, right? Also, bats creep me right out. They kill the mood faster than owls," he drawled. From somewhere behind them an owl hooted in complaint. He scowled over his shoulder. "Is that thing following us?" he snarled.

Rekka laughed and pushed him towards the looming cave. "Don't worry, I ate all the bats when I moved in. We can light a fire and get down to makin' puppies! Now hurry it up, I've waited long enough!" she cried as she herded Bill through the vines into the cave proper. 

After a short blind shuffle through a tunnel it seemed to open up in front of him, and Bill stepped to the side to allow Rekka inside. He heard her making noises somewhere just ahead of him, and then sparks flew catching quickly into flames within a small circle of stones and firewood. Rekka blew until the flames filled the circle, illuminating the room with dancing firelight.

Bill was relieved to see there were no moldering skeletons lying about, clutching cracked cellphones with horrified expressions on their skulls. One fear alleviated he looked about the spartan room, not seeing any bats or spiders scurrying for cover. It was relatively clean and dry, with the ceiling just high enough for him to not have to stoop. He noticed the smoke from the fire seem to escape through an unseen natural chimney. There was a complete lack of furniture or signs this was a place anyone lived aside from the firepit and a pile of furs near the back wall. He approached the furs and nudged them thoughtfully with his boot, seeing they were layered deeply for comfort and seemed clean enough.

When Bill turned back to check on Rekka he found her standing behind him, the fire lighting her features clearly as she stood with her paws on hips, breathing deeply with a look of pure lust on her grinning face. He suddenly realized he had trapped himself quite neatly with a fairly unknown and highly sexual creature. 

Now that he could see her clearly, Rekka was easily the hottest woman he'd ever laid eyes on. Her every curve seemed to demand to be caressed and fondled. Her face was breathtakingly beautiful, large uniquely expressive eyes, small sharp nose and wide mouth with full kissable lips. 

None of the, admittedly few, women he'd been with could compare, nor the endless parade of porn stars he'd abused himself to while scouring the internet. Her furry extremities, wolf ears and tail only seemed to enhance her appeal. Bill wondered if this made him some sort of deviant, and decided that was true before he'd even met her. 

"So... how did you want to do this? Start slowly, get to know each other a little better first?" he tried and failed to keep the nervousness from his voice.

"Clothes off!" she barked. Her eyes burst with flame and she seemed to be... smelling him.

"Fair enough," Bill agreed politely. 

He bent to unlace his boots and began jumping around to take them off, not willing to sit down and set off her pouncing instincts. That done, he unhooked his belt, noticing she paid careful attention to how it was done. Pulling his pants off, he tossed them onto his boots and unbuttoned his shirt removing It and adding to the growing pile, careful to lay his cell out of the way.

Standing now only in his boxers and socks he looked at Rekka questioningly. She approached swinging her hips seductively, tail swishing languidly through the air. Panting, her eyes locked onto his crotch with laser like focus. She placed a paw on his chest and hooked one leg behind his, finally raising her face to look into his eyes. 

Smiling evilly, she pushed him back, tripping him neatly onto his back into the pile of furs. Bill grunted and levered himself onto his elbows to watch her next moves.

Rekka reached with both paws to pull off her chest wrap, breasts bouncing free, dropping not an inch as gravity completely failed to take hold. God, Bill thought, they're glorious. Easily the finest pair of breasts he'd ever laid eyes on. They were rounded and perky, their size obscene on her small delicate frame. He was surprised to find her nipples and areola were a light pink color, standing out like beacons from the ebony globes. Rekka was obviously encouraged by his rapt approval of her assets, growling deep in her throat as she shimmied out of her little leather bikini shorts.

Bill's attention was now completely on her exposed mound, admittedly curious what surprises a hellhound might have in store for him. He was intensely relieved to see a normal if exquisite vagina. There was a tuft of fur just above her puffy lips, which were otherwise bare of fur or hair. Her inner folds were the same pink shade as her nipples. Her arousal was evident, lips slick with her juices and jutting clitoris aching to be stroked. Rekka did just that, shuddering and growling, her eyes closing a moment as she breathed in Bill's scent.

His own arousal was now obvious to anyone watching, the tent in his boxers raised in total approval of the sights before him. Rekka's eyes snapped open and latched onto his tented boxers, the flames around her eyes flaring brighter than ever and a snarl of savage need bubbling out of her throat. With one last shuddering breath, she pounced.

Bill grunted as she landed on top of him, arms and legs to his sides, face directly above his, crouching over him as though he were a captured animal she was preparing to devour. He pushed his sudden trepidation aside and threw caution to the wind, grasping her by the hips. Bringing his face forward to hers he engaged in the most passionate kiss he was capable of. Rekka growled her approval, almost fighting him with her small delicate tongue as she tried her damnedest to force it down his throat. She was burning hot, almost uncomfortably so, her writhing tongue slipping about his as her soft plump lips pressed to his own. 

She tasted sweeter than wine and smelled of some unfamiliar spice his nose couldn't place but ultimately enjoyed. His mind couldn't focus on anything but her dancing tongue when suddenly she broke away and sat down upon his stomach.

"You made me wait," she hissed between clenched teeth, grinding her burning pussy into his stomach, her breasts shaking enticingly with her movements. "Now it's time to pay up," she said, sliding herself further down his body. Bill considered trying to take the lead at her words, but decided to see where she was going with this. As long as she didn't try anything with those wicked claws he was quite happy to let her have her little revenge. The brief moment of contact between her dripping lips and his boxer clad member caused them both to gasp as he arched reflexively into her. 

Now kneeling between his legs Rekka licked her lips, dug her claw tipped paws under the waistband and ripped the boxers to shreds, tossing the pathetic fragments of fabric carelessly behind her. Bill took a moment to lament the loss of the only pair of comfort fit tagless cotton boxers in existence, but was far too aroused to worry about that now.

His member finally freed, it rose defiantly into the air, bobbling lightly to his heartbeat. Rekka stared covetously at his cock, a line of drool slipping unheeded from her open panting mouth. She lowered her face to his member and breathed in taking his scent with obvious enjoyment then breathing out unnaturally heated moist air upon his dick causing Bill to shudder and groan. Placing one paw to his root, she took a long slow lick up his length as he gasped and shuddered.

Rekka licked her lips sinfully and said, "Oh, lover... You taste GOOD." 

With that, she dove down taking him fully into her furnace like mouth. Bill bucked and groaned, clutching the furs under his hands while staring fixedly at the pornographic sight before him. Rekka's technique was brutal, throwing her head up and down his length, twisting and sucking with a wanton disregard for decorum. Her ears twitched playfully at his moans as she savaged him with pleasure. Bill had never felt anything like this, his previous partners mere amateurs of the oral arts she appeared to have mastered. Her paws danced over his thighs and stomach as she delicately scratched, teasing his skin artfully as she continued to bring him to new heights of pleasure.

Bill was barely capable of coherent thought. "Shit... s'good!" he gasped, nearly ripping the furs clutched in his white knuckled grip. Rekka simply winked, the fire in one eye flashing out for an instant, then pressed harder, popping his cock completely into her throat. 

Bill's eyes shot wide as the rippling pressure engulfed him. Her intense heat was nearly unbearable as she swallowed continuously to heighten his pleasure. He grunted and moaned as Rekka shifted into high gear, hot drool flooding out of her mouth as she whipped her head up and down, twisting side to side. The obscene gulping noises of her frenzied assault were the only counterpoint to the moans filling the cave.

Bill felt his climax approaching, unstoppable and imminent, he managed to gasp, "Fuck..! Coming!" trying to warn Rekka of the imminent eruption. She rumbled out a pleased growl, and continued her passionate abuse. Bill groaned and came, lifting himself nearly into a seated position as he clutched at her hair. Rekka's eye's burned brighter, nearly overpowering the light from the fire as she rode his bucking hips, growling in contentment. She gulped down the pulses of his emission, seeming to share in his pleasure herself as if she delighted in the energy his seed transferred. She remained still, linked to him by her mouth as he finally finished and fell back, drained.

With a lewd slurp she released him, licking and kissing up and down his cock to clean any remnants of his seed. Sitting up again she grinned down at his still shuddering form, licking her lips and massaging his thighs as he basked in the afterglow. The flames of her eyes now damping back to their usual fervor. 

"Fuck, that was a good meal! I can taste how much you want me. Now, you're all mine," she hissed lasciviously. She began to stroke his still sensitive member, causing him to gasp and shudder. The soft pads of her paw and the silken fur were sweet torture. 

"Now, I know you're all worn out, but I'm afraid we've only just begun! I'm going to ride you until you beg me to stop! But I won't," she crooned lovingly with an evil glint in her eyes. She started to raise herself forward, positioning her dripping lips over his twitching member when Bill made his move.

He wasn't as tired as he felt he should be, which was becoming a familiar feeling the more time he spent in this crazy world. She'd wrung him out and he damn well felt his brain should be pooling out of his ears from the pleasure she had brought him. She likely expected him to be putty in her hands at this point. Instead, he felt near rejuvenated, ready for more. He surely wasn't going to let her get away without giving her a little of her own back. His pride wouldn't allow it. 

Bill surged forward and cupped her round ass, taking a moment to squeeze the soft globes and feel the surprised muscle under her plush cheeks. He slung her forward as she yelped in surprise, leaving her kneeling over his face, staring down at him in shock as he taunted her with a grin of his own.

"What?! How? Why'd you... ," she stammered before he made his intention clear.

"Oh, oh..!" Rekka moaned as he began to lick. He slid his tongue up and down her slit, swirling around her clit while reveling in her taste. Fuck, Bill thought, I've got a new favorite flavor and it's Rekka. She was tart, spicy and the heat radiated out of her like an oven. Rekka began to hump into his face as she gripped his head with her paws, whimpering and yipping enthusiastically. She quickly drenched him with her hot wetness, her scent invading his senses. He loved every second of it.

"Oh! So fuckin' good! Never... Never felt this good!" she moaned though he could barely hear her with her thighs clamped solidly to the sides of his head. Bill tugged an arm free and brought his fingers into the action, slid two into the vicelike grip of her velvety pussy. He began to make slow come-hither motions and Rekka responded with increased moans and shaking above him in appreciation. More of her juices flooded her, which he greedily licked clean.

"F-Fuck! Every day! Every fuckin' day you're gonna fuckin' do this for me! Never stop! Fuck, fuck fuck!" she repeated like mantra, digging her claws into his scalp and grinding her clit into his tongue. Bill kneaded her ass cheek and continued to assault her pussy with his dancing tongue and fingers. 

Capturing her clit between his lips he began to trace the alphabet on it, teaching her a new language in pleasure. Between her moans and grinding he felt a thumping on his stomach. Not stopping his assault with his tongue and fingers, he removed his left hand from her ass and caught her whipping tail, giving it an experimental tug. Rekka gasped and jerked, squeaking and shaking above him. Emboldened, Bill grasped the tail firmly, pulling with a hard, steady pressure.

"Oh, FUCK ME!" she screamed, "I'm comin'!"

Rekka seemed to seize for a moment, then grunted and howled above him, trying to grind his skull through the floor. He was again greeted to a lightshow as the strange fires in her eyes burst forth like flamethrowers, putting the fire's light to shame. She quaked and cursed, and he was fairly certain she'd pulled out some of his hair with her clasping paws. A flood filled his mouth as he continued to lick and tease her, letting her ride out her orgasm to completion. Finally, she gasped and slumped forward panting. He slowed his movements and released her with one last languid lick. Smacking his lips proudly.

Bill was mightily pleased with himself, and was about to suggest they take a break and maybe cuddle. 

Rekka had other ideas, and sat up with a huge grin on her face.

"That," she said, "was amazin'! Never thought of makin' you do that! Now enough fuckin' around, let's do this!"

Rekka bounced back, leaving Bill gaping in amazement as he watched her swivel her hips and grasp his cock in one paw. Without further ado she dropped herself fully onto his member. Bill's breath left him in one choking gasp as its velvety heat crushed him in its vicelike grip. 

If he thought her mouth was hot, he was now sure he'd find his dick parboiled if he somehow made it out of this alive. He was willing to find out, though, because the heat and pressure were deliriously fine. Rekka wasted no time and began thrusting herself up and down relentlessly, cruelly driving into his hips, a hard slap punctuating every repeated impact.

Bill snapped himself out of his stunned immobility and began to thrust back at Rekka, who beamed a grin down at him while quickening her already murderous pace. He gritted his teeth, and grunted in pleasure while refusing to back down from meeting her thrusts. Rekka arched her back appreciatively and moaned to the ceiling, her bouncing breasts jutting invitingly. Bill immediately grabbed for them as though she'd thrown him a lifeline, kneading and palming in delight. They felt better than they looked, full and giving, springing back to their shape no matter how he manhandled them. Her hard nipples burned into his palms while he attempted to burn their shape into his mind.

He knew he wouldn't have lasted a minute before she'd so expertly drained him earlier. Even now he wasn't sure how he was managing to hold on. Her exquisite folds clung to his cock as she thrust up and down his length ceaselessly while writhing and moaning above him. She was so fucking tight, he could barely comprehend the pleasure she was forcing on him. No woman compared. He knew he was ruined for anyone else. 
