 Elena awakens from bed. A week had passed since her encounter with the orc mage warden, so far there was no activity from Felicia. Where was she, what was she up to? 

"Good morning, ma'am," Chief Servant Hina said.

"Good morning, Hina," Elf Captain Elena yawned.

"The bath is ready."

****

Elf Captain Elena was pondering the situation. Could Felicia be from another planet, what is the festival of blood? 

After the bath and breakfast, Elf Captain Elena went to library to some research. She search through book and scroll trying to find out about the festival of blood.

"Damn it! Nothing is here!"

"Keep your voice down there are children here," the librarian said sternly.

"Sorry, are you sure there are no records on the festival of blood?"

"I am sorry, we had some records long ago but they were destroyed. We never made copies."

"What about the Elf Kingdoms?"

"I'm sorry but we were the only ones who had them but like I said they were destroyed."

"Is it possible that a human or dwarf kingdom may have such records?"

"Probably not, dwarves have never really been into that type of stuff and humans, well you'd have better chance of removing a dragon scale from one while it's sleeping." 

"Then my only choice would be to find a SOTD mage."

"Yes that could work."

It was fortunate that she knew an orc mage and boy she really KNEW the orc mage and knew if she went to visit him it would cost her another submission section, her ass started hurting just from thinking about it.

"I don't have a choice," she murmurs to herself. 

She walks out of the library with a sad look on her face. Her comrades take notice of this. "Boy the Elf Captain has a major burden on shoulders," the mage said.

"Of course, Worm Bitch Felicia made our illustrious leader her opponent," the archer said.

"I wish there was something we could do," the medic said. 

****

Elf Captain Elena approaching her house when she sees two elf royal guardsmen talking to her chief servant. 

"No she's not here right now," Chief Servant Hina said but then spots her. "Ah Elena."

"What can I do for you fine gentlemen?" Elf Captain Elena asks.

"The king has summoned you, we leave once you are dressed."

"Yes."

****

"I've come as summoned."

"Elf Captain, a most unfortunate event has befallen the Temple of Hyradon. We've lost contact with them." 

"The Temple of Hyradon, isn't that where the sword called Incapacitator lies?"

"Yes, the sword had not been retrieved or our mages would know about it. We kept that sword guarded by 100 human monks and a human priestess. We need to make sure the sword is safe, if possible you must retrieve it and bring it back here."

"With respect, my lord, none of my comrades or me has ever been to the temple, I've only heard of it."

"I know, the area has become dangerous but we've found a guide who will escort you, now go."

****

Elena assembled her usual entourage consisting of her archer Nesa, her mage Gudolu and her medic Jetkins. 

"Now let us go meet our guide," Elena happily. 

****

Elf Captain Elena's eyes widen in horror. "I don't believe it! Of all the people in the world it had to be you!"

She stood face to face with Thantor.

"He's my guide!?"

"Yes he's freelance, I take it you two know each other, the elf guardsman guessed." 

The others looked at her with curiosity as well. 

"Yes on the battlefield four years ago."

"Yes we KNOW each other," Thantor thought. "Yes we fought and I got away but lost an eye in the process." The last part is what he explained.

"I don't believe this! Next thing you know Worm Bitch Felicia will show up asking for help, Nesa said. 

"Hey don't jinx it for us, Nesa," Jetkins said.

"I can't do this!" Elena screamed.

"I don't like it anymore than you do but the king's orders are absolute," the elf guardsman said.

"Sigh, let's go already."

"Yes of course, I've been looking forward to this."

"Bet you have."

****

Thantor explains to the Elves that in order to reach the Temple of Hyradon quickly they were going to take a ship and then take an alternate route to the temple.

"So what is so important about this temple?"

"That's none of your business, you are to simply guild us there, that's what you got paid for and no questions asked!"

"Alright, alright, no need to get all offensive."

A slow time had passed, there was nothing but silence, a bird would chirp here and there but other than that silence. Elf Captain Elena was in thought mode but then whistling broke her concentration. "Quiet!"

"I'm just a little a bored, is that so wrong?"

"We're on covert operation, silence is golden."

"Alright calm your tits, unless you want me to calm them for you," he grinned. 

"What the FUCK did you just say to my captain!?" Nesa roared, drawing her sword. 

"Stay your sword!" Elena ordered. 

"But, Captain!"

"Focus on the mission!"

"Yes, Captain." 

Some more time had passed and the group stops to rest and slack their thirsts with water. Thantor went to nearby river to get more. Elena goes to meet him which was out of earshot of the others.

"If you know what's good for you, you won't bring that up again especially in front my team!"

"Forgive me I just could not help myself but it's not like you didn't enjoy it!"

"Shut up!"

"So what's up with you and that archer seems to me she cares a very great deal about you?" 

"You're mistaken."

Thantor smirked. "Is that night still fresh on your mind?"

"Excuse me?"

"Our spar and what we did afterwards."

"I don't appreciate any of this talk and I saw that drawing!"

"What drawing?"

"That drawing stuck in a book, it was me and my big tits."

"Oh yeah that, I see you found it, were you hoping I still there for round two?"

"If I was hoping to see you it would be to kill you like I said I would."

"You still think it's that easy now?"

"I was rusty, four years remember?"

"Oh please, a warrior like you won't her skills go to waste, I was just stronger but it wasn't just that, you were...submissive!"

That sets Elf Captain Elena off, she was drawing her sword but Thantor grabs her arm which prevents her from fully drawing it. She couldn't believe how fast he was.

"See Elf Captain, I won't go down so easily."

Elena ejects her arm away. "Just keep quiet and do your job!"

"Alright I will but first let me hear it all from you."

"What?"

"I want to hear about our night in details from you, you can start after our spar."

"Fine, if that will shut you up then, I'll make this quick."

She looks back and sees her squad engaging in a conversation. She proceeds.

You stripped me first, touched my ass and then squeezed it, you touched my left tit and asked me what size and I said DDs. You squeezed my left tit. You were excited about my thong, I removed your clothing, I got in the bed and you got on top of me but not before spreading my legs and then you enter me slowly. You ravage my tits, I try to suppress my sexual urges but it was a no go, my cunt got wetter and wetter and my nipples were hard like arrowheads. My legs were around your waist and my nails digging into your back, we tongue kissed and I came first. You came second, THE END.

"Yes and you enjoyed it."

"I did not!"

"Oh yes, you wanted your virginity gone."

"I'm going now and remember to keep quiet unless I ask you something."

"Wait!" Thantor shows Elena her thong and he breaths into it. "Ah!" 

"Your days are numbered."

****

The group resumes travelling. 

"Captain is everything fine, you look a little tense?" Nesa asks.

"Everything is fine."

They resume walking but Nesa and the others could tell something was wrong.

"We'll be at the harbor in another hour," Thantor announced.

"Thantor, do you know something called the festival of blood?"

"I'm afraid I can't help you there. Is is something to do with the upcoming war?"

"Yes it does," Elena answered truthfully. 

"It's probably just another word for massacre."

"Probably so, but the way it was said, it sounded like something else."

"Well you won't know until it happens."

"That's what I must prevent!" 

"It sounds like the fate of the world is on your shoulders."

"I hope not."

"Captain, this isn't a matter that concerns an orc, this Light business."

"Hey don't be rude, the captain just asked me a question and I answered it."

"He's right, Nesa, don't be rude."

Nesa was speechless and Elena couldn't believe stood up for Thantor. 

"Anyway from what I learned, no SOTL knows about the festival of blood so I thought maybe a SOTD knows, particularly a mage." The mentioning made her think of the orc warden which made her ass hurt again. "If I don't find out I'll have to visit the prison again and that will certainly mean... unless I pay him, yes! That way I can skip the whole submission section," she thought.

**** 

The group reaches the harbor. There were many people there and the ship was loading.

"There it is, our ship," Thantor announced.

"Let's pay for our tickets and hurry aboard," Elena ordered.

"Oh this is exciting; it's been awhile since I've been on a ship," Jetkins said happily.

"Focus, this isn't a vacation," Elena said sternly.

"Captain we're going to be on this ship for the rest of the day till tomorrow evening, we might as well relax," Nesa said.

"Agreed," Gudolu said. 

"I'll relax when Felicia's head is on a pike!"

"My, my, those sounds like something a SOTD would say," Thantor grinned.

Elena started to say something but left.

"I'm rubbing off on you," he said and followed her.

"Ok I am missing something?" Jetkins asks.

"Something weird is going on here," Gudolu said.

**** 

The group was soon on the ship. Once again they had two rooms, one for the he-elves and another for the she elves. Thantor had his own room.

"We're roommates!" Nesa said happily.

"Aren't we all we always?"

"Yes but this is the first time on a ship."

"Whatever, all I want is to get this mission done and get Felicia! 

"Don't worry about her right now just relax, come I'll give you a massage."

"No thanks."

"Ah come on."

"No!"

Nesa left hurt.

"I'm sorry. Listen all I want to do is think and sleep."

"So you won't be joining us for supper?"

"No, now go in."

Nesa frowned and left.

Elena lays her head on the pillow, she closes her eyes but then there was a knock on the door.

"Elf Captain Elena, are you there?!"

That voice wasn't one of comrades. "Thantor what is it?"

"Pirates are attacking."

"Pirates!" 

Elena reaches for her sword and follows Thantor topside where they engage to pirates.

"Have at thee bitch!" 

Elena ducks a sword swipe and slashes her opponent. Another pirate comes at her but she slices the sword in half and thrust her sword into the pirate and kicks him into the water. Two more were taken out by Nesa. 

"Au No Chachiba!" Gudolu yelled and three pirates were electrocuted.

Elena cuts another one down. A pirate leaps at Elena but she blocks her attack but the pirate was strong and had Elena pinned but was felled by Thantor. Elena could not believe it. He extends his hand and she grabs it thus allowing him to pull her up.

"Um thanks," Elena said awkwardly.

"Someone has to watch your sexy ass," Thantor grinned.

"Humph!" 

The two were fighting back to back against the pirates. Elena does a roll and kicks a pirate in the crotch. 

"Kicking him in his jewels? That's dirty, Elf Captain."

"Shut up, he's lucky I'm letting him keep his jewels!"

Jetkins blocks an attack with his shield and thrust his sword into the pirate and shield bashes him. "Alright that's the last of them."

"Stupid pirates, that'll teach you now to mess with us!" Elena mocked.

As Elena starts to walk the pirate captain suddenly springs back to life to deal a death blow but Elena blocks it. The pirate knocks her backwards which allows Nesa to shoot an arrow into the heart. The pirate stumbles but with fading strength he slashes into Elena's back. Nesa fires two more arrows into the pirate captain.

"Captain!" Jetkins screams.

"Elena!" Nesa screams and cries.

****

Elena was laying her chest, waiting to be patched up. 

"Hello Elf Captain."

Elena knew who it was. "Thantor, why are you here?"

"Your medic and the ship doctor are busy patching up other people, you were one of the lucky ones. You're left in my capable hands."

Elena could not believe what she just heard. 

Jetkins had left her to be patched up by an orc!?

"I have an antidote that will heel you right up. I have to apply it on your back."

Elena didn't what his hands on her anymore but what choice did she have. "Ok but don't try anything!"

"Don't worry, I'll just heal you and be on my way."

"Rub my back but only my back!" She fully remembers the red orcs rubbing her legs with the paralyses antidote but it turned into a grope fest and she was completely at their mercy.

Thantor proceeds to rubbing Elena's back. He went as slow and gentle as possible. Her flesh was soft and warm save the wound in the middle was cold but it did not matter to him, he was delighted in being able to touch her again. He notices that the cloth she had was the only thing keep her magnificent breasts from being completely exposed, he already managed to see her right side boob and boy what he would give to feel them again. Her outfit alone was enough to turn him on, she wore a one piece skirt complete with breastplate that exposed cleavage and her long boots had suspenders attached to them that went inside the dress. The only thing she had on now was just underwear, how lucky was he? 

He pauses for a minute and continues rubbing the sticky stuff on Elena's back and she could feel the pain decreasing. 

"Oh what is that stuff that's working so well?"

"It's my sperm," he replied casually.

"What the fuck did you just said?!" Elena yelled without turning her head.

"My sperm, I'm rubbing baby making cream on your back."

Elena quickly gets out of bed with one hand on the sheet covering her breasts to confront Thantor but still felt faint from her injury.

Thantor came toward her; she now noticed that his underwear was exposed.

"No, you stay away from me!" She said with her best strength.

"I'm sorry Elf Captain but you were such a good fuck last time, the opportunity is just too great pass up."

Elena took a few steps back but Thantor was closing in, his eyes filled with lust. "Get back or I'll scream!"

"Everyone is too injured to do anything."

Elena took more steps back but could go no further; she was trapped by a cupboard. "Please don't," she pleaded.

"An Elf begging to an Orc, such rarity," Thantor grinned evilly.

He snatches the sheet off revealing Elena's breasts. "They're just like I remembered; my brother would be so happy that I'm doing this!" He begins squeezing and thumbing the nipples. Elena was too weak to fight back but was that really the case? Could she not summon her last ounce of will power? She certainly been through a lost worst. 

Thantor sticks his hand down her underpants. She grunted as he finds her g-spot. He pulls out and takes off her underwear revealing her hairless cunt once again. Once his shirt and underwear was off he grabs her by the waist and put her legs around him. Once his penis was inside, he rocks her slowly while standing and her back against the cupboard. He inserts his tongue in her mouth and a second later her nails were once again digging in his back. 

They both moaned and groaned. Elena still could not believe this was happening but it felt really good as it did before. He kept rocking slowly, determined to keep going as long as he could. Her breasts bounced with each thrust, he bends his head down to suck the right nipple for a brief second before doing the left one. 

"We both need this," he whispered happily.

Elena didn't respond but there was no denying it. 

He picks up the pace slightly.

"That's right, keep it just like that you dirty bastard," she hissed. 

"You're getting wetter and wetter like last time."

"Damn you for making me do this!" She screamed.

Elena started to do the work herself which made Thantor groan happily. "That's right get in there!"

"You gonna make me cum!"

"Oh yes, yes, yes!" He cried out.

"I'm not gonna last much longer."

With that said Thantor resumes control. He picks up speed as he rams into her lovely pussy. 

"Oh you fuckin bastard, I'm gonna CUM."

Thantor suddenly stops as she was reaching her boiling point.

"No, no why did you stop!?"

"I'm, not going to let you cum."

"You bastard how dare and I was almost done, what was the point of this?!" 

"I'm sorry but I don't think you deserve it."

"Please! Please let me cum! First you put your semen on my back and now this! Please I need it!" 

Thantor smiles, "you're the only beggar I approve of." With that he resumes.

"You sneaky bastard, you did this just make it last longer!"

Thantor grins evilly in answer.

"I hate you but fuck it fuck me!"

"I'LL GIVE YOU ALL!!"

He started ramming her hard against the cupboard; it did not hurt her one bit.

"YES, YES, YES, HARDER I NEED TO CUM!"

He kisses her hard. Elena could feel her juices flowing endlessly down her legs. 

"OH THIS IS IT AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

The hitting on the cupboard began to slow as Thantor blasts his seed into Elena. A second later they both slide down on cupboard. Thantor pulls out of Elena. "You did great," he said but she did not answer. Elena had lost conscious.

****

Elena awakens. "Thantor," was the first words she muttered from her mouth. She looks around and sees that it was dark but there was something else she realized, she was in the same clothes she entered ship with and was wet alone with her bed. "What?!"

She puts on a flesh change of underwear and pants and leaves the room. She finds her team eating dinner.

"Hey Captain, you decided to join us after all," Jetkins said happily.

"What about the pirates?"

"Pirates what are you talking about?" Gudolu asks.

"We were attack by pirates."

"Um no we've been here the whole time," Nesa said.

"But, but?"

"Are you high? That's what you ask us," Nesa laughed."

"What about Thantor?"

"Someone call me?"

Elena looks and sees Thantor with a plate of food.

"He's been here the whole time," Jetkins explained.

Elena's widen in horror. "It was a dream, it was awful sexual dream!" She thought and starts to walk back to her room. 

"Come on, Captain, join us for supper," Gudolu said.

"Um ok," she said awkwardly.

****

An hour has passed and Elena notices Nesa had gone. "OH SHIT I DID NOT MAKE THE BED!" She thought. "I'll be right back," she said to Gudolu and Jetkins.

Elena races to the room and finds Nesa looking through her own belongings. Elena approaches the bed and sees that the wet spot had gone. She feels it and let's a sigh of relief, the bed was completely dry. 

"Everything alright, Captain?"

"Yeah, everything is fine, just making sure I had everything."

"Well I'm heading back."

Elena was alone and falls to her knees. "WHAT THE FUCK?" She laughed nervously. "WHAT THE FUCK?" 

To be continued...