 Melody... Melody... 

"MELODY!" Mike screamed, scaring himself awake. 

"Woah, easy there. Take it easy, you're alright, Mike," a calming voice said. 

Rubbing his eyes, Mike tried to gain his bearings. Looking down, he saw that he was lying on a bed, but not the circular one he and Melody had shared in the Palace of the Water Jinn. It felt so familiar, like he was home. Slowly sitting up, he finally noticed the source of the voice, sitting in a chair next to the bed. 

"J-Jesus? What... what the hell happened?" Mike asked wearily. 

"Just relax," He said with a slight chuckle. "Once you get your wits back about you, I'll explain everything." 

"I guess... wait, where's Melody?!" 

"I'm here," a sweet voice said from the other side of the bed. Mike quickly flipped on the bedside lamp and felt a wave of relief wash over him as he gazed upon the face of his lovely wife, clad in her favorite black satin robe. 

"Melody... I thought... I thought I'd lost you," Mike breathed, crawling across the bed towards her. 

Gently pushing her husband to lie on his back, she cradled his face in her soft hands and kissed him lovingly. "You're not getting rid of me that easily," she whispered with a sarcastic grin. 

Jesus stood, adjusting his jeans. "You rest up for a bit, Mike. Take a nap. Once you wake up again, I'll explain everything that's happened." 

Still confused, but knowing He was right, Mike slowly nodded in agreement. Jesus exited their bedroom, closing the door softly behind him. With a huge sigh, Mike relaxed back on the pillow, still trying to comprehend the events of the last several hours. However, he was unable to find any answers to the questions rattling around in his brain, able to think only of his wife. Looking up at her, he slowly stroked her silky, red wine hair. 

"Melody... I'm... I'm just glad you're ok." 

She kissed him sweetly on the forehead, saying, "I saw what you did. How you attacked Edward with my own sword." 

"I... I couldn't help myself," he admitted. "You're everything to me. If he really had-" 

Melody silenced him immediately with a passionate kiss on the lips. Still cradling his face in her hands, she lightly ran her fingers along his cheeks and neck, her every touch conveying nothing but love and admiration. Mike tentatively kissed her back, at first savoring the simple joy of exploring her soft, supple lips with his own. After a few minutes, his tongue began probing itself between her lips, dancing with hers as their passions increased. 

Unable to hold himself back any longer, Mike wrapped his arm around Melody's waist and yanked her onto the bed with him, throwing her on her back as she giggled delightfully. She wrapped her arms around his nude body as they continued their passionate kissing, running her fingers through his blonde hair in just the way she knew he liked. Mike pressed his body weight gently onto her, feeling his growing member rub up against her thigh. This in turn only increased her squirming and giggling. 

"Well, well... someone's happy to see me," she said playfully, reaching down to stroke his cock. 

"Can you really blame me?" he asked with a laugh. 

"Nope, and I doubt you'll blame me for this." 

Melody deftly pushed Mike onto his back, rolling over to pin him down as she straddled him. Grinning seductively, she slowly undid the knot of her robe, letting it fall behind her and exposing her perfect body to him. No matter how many times he saw her, Mike never grew tired of Melody. Her large, soft breasts, her soft skin, all combined with her loving and playful personality, how could he ever meet a more perfect woman? Melody soon began to kiss her way down his chest, teasing him with her tongue before arriving at his pelvic region. 

With a few light strokes, Melody brought his cock to full attention, immediately engulfing his length in her mouth. Her blowjobs frequently were slow and deliberate, but the look in her eyes right now was one of hunger and raw desire; Mike could only surmise that his attempted attack on Edward really had gotten her extremely horny. She continued her furious sucking for several minutes, fully intent on making him cum quickly, no matter how he tried to resist. Figuring he should just enjoy the ride, Mike ceased his attempts to prolong his orgasm and gave himself over completely to his wife. 

Melody could feel that his climax was close and withdrew his cock from her mouth. Mike was at first disappointed, until she began to jack him off with both hands, her glorious breasts jiggling and bouncing against his cock all the while. When she combined her lustful gaze with a seductive lick of her lips, Mike was gone, feeling his orgasm arrive in full force. 

"Holy... fuck... holy... fuck... holyholyholy FUUUUUUCK!!" he screamed in ecstasy, beginning to fire off his load. The first shot landed square on Melody's chin, the second and third on her incredible cleavage, and the last of it dribbled down onto her hands. 

"Someone, needed that," she whispered seductively. 

"No shit," he retorted. "But I'm not done yet. Clean and recharge please." 

Both were instantly dry with their sex drives ready for more. Granted, Melody was always ready for more, but Mike was now no longer satisfied with a blowjob; he had to be inside of her. As she slowly crawled on top of him, her gorgeous tits dangling above him, Mike flipped her onto her back as deftly as she had done to him earlier. Again lying on top of her, his weight gently holding her down, he slipped his engorged cock lower, rubbing the tip against her pussy lips. She had clearly gotten extremely horny from jacking him off, as both could hear the stickiness seeping from her womanhood. 

"Oh, fuck," Melody whimpered, feeling his perfect cock slip into her. 

"Someone needed this too," Mike whispered playfully. 

As he began to thrust into her, Melody could only nod vigorously in reply. His strokes were quick and powerful, yet also long and deliberate; both could feel every inch of the other's sex with each movement they made. Tipping his head down, Mike began to kiss Melody's cheek and neck, slowly working his way to playfully nibble her earlobe. This elicited a squeal of delight from her as she dug her fingers into his back. Blowing a stream of cool air into her ear as he withdrew, Mike savored the feeling of her large breasts heaving and jiggling against his chest as he pounded her. 

"Turn over," he said, locking eyes with her. 

With a wordless grin, she happily complied. Mike slipped out of her momentarily, while Melody turned onto her stomach and pushed her ass into the air on her knees, wiggling her asset as she did so. After playfully spanking each of her cheeks a couple of times, Mike knelt behind her, positioning his cock at her sopping wet entrance. Teasingly, he rubbed his tip against her for a few moments before sliding into her beckoning tunnel. 

"Ohhhhhhh god yesssssssss," Melody moaned. 

As Mike began his moderate thrusting, he was pleasantly surprised when Melody squeezed her thighs together, tightening her already tight pussy even further and driving him nearly insane. She was clenching him, refusing to let go of his cock, not that he was complaining. Grabbing her waist firmly, he began to pound her with his full length. This only served to excite Melody even more, as she savored his fervor with every movement he made. 

Slowing his pace slightly, Mike leaned over her arched back and reached around to fondle one of her heaving tits. Feeling its weight in his hands, he rubbed his fingers over every inch of the milky skin. He continued his thrusting as he arrived at her hard, erect nipple, tweaking and flicking it with his thumb and forefinger. He was unable to see Melody's face, but the change in her breathing and occasional moaning told him everything he needed to know. 

"You close, baby?" he asked, continuing his breast play. 

"Uh... uh-huh," she managed to reply. 

"Good," he whispered huskily, kissing the small of her back. 

Kneeling back up straight again, Mike pounded Melody's pussy with reckless abandon, feeling their climax approaching. Melody, in the meantime, reached under to furiously rub her clit, knowing it would only intensify her own orgasm, and by extension, Mike's. After around five minutes of this intense experience, both could tell that they had passed the point of no return. 

"You'd... better cum," Mike heaved. "Cum for me, Melody." 

"Yes... yes... I'm gonna... I'm gonna... GONNA CUUUUUUUM!" 

"God, yes... yes... yes, yes, yesyesyes YEAAAAAAAAH!" 

Their long-awaited orgasms hit in full force. Melody's pussy worked to milk Mike's cock for all it was worth, while he in turn flooded her womb with his semen. The pair remained in position for several minutes, convulsing and writhing in pleasure together. Finally, they fell onto their sides, spooning together with Mike's softening cock still lodged inside Melody's pussy. 

"Needed that..." Melody whispered. 

"Most definitely..." Mike replied, slowly drifting off to sleep. 

***** 

"Your Highness, the humans are out of range," a guard reported. 

"Very good. Return magical power to normal levels at once," Farzan replied. 

As the palace returned to its normal state, Farzan once again brought up the globe of Earth. "Let us see how our friends are doing," he mused, zooming in on London. 

"I don't understand," Salim said. "Where are they?" Mike and Melody were nowhere to be found in the city. 

"They couldn't have finished already, could they?" Farzan wondered. "Let's try this." Zooming back out to view the entire world, he issued a command to the globe to show Melody Braxton's current location. However, no movement was made, and no indication as to Melody's location, or even her existence, was given. 

"This is bad," Salim said. "Where could they be?" 

"Clearly, nowhere on the planet," Farzan replied. "I cannot say for sure what, but my only hypothesis can be that something terrible has happened to them." 

"Perhaps we should see if the target they were pursuing might have some connection?" Salim suggested. 

"Excellent idea! That may be our only link." 

As Salim commanded the globe to show Persephone's current location, the pair was again denied, as no indication of her whereabouts was given. 

"I am at a complete loss," Salim sighed in frustration. "Nothing of this makes any sense!" 

"I will summon Selena," Farzan said. "Perhaps a fresh perspective will aid us." 

***** 

After an hour, the pair awoke, refreshed and rejuvenated after their extended lovemaking session. After a few passionate kisses, they rose and dressed themselves, Mike in an orange t-shirt and navy gym shorts, Melody in a black tank top and blue Daisy Dukes. Walking downstairs, they found Jesus in the living room of their house, relaxing with a book in a chair. 

"Mornin' you two!" He greeted them warmly. "Feeling better?" 

"Much," Mike said with a smirk. 

"Excellent. Please have a seat, we have a lot to talk about," Jesus said, motioning to their couch. "Let's get your most obvious questions out of the way first, shall we?" 

"What exactly happened down there?" Mike asked immediately. 

Nodding, Jesus replied, "You two died. Or, you would have, had you not been dead already. Remember, even back on Earth, you two are still citizens of Heaven now, and nothing changes that. That's why you ended up back in your bed when you awoke." 

"So, are you saying we could have died from any normal means while we were down there?" Melody asked. 

"No, no, nothing like that," Jesus said with a slight laugh. "Under normal circumstances, you are protected against most harm during your time back on Earth. After all, going back and forth, back and forth between Earth and Heaven is a time-consuming process, so we try to limit that as much as we're able to with general protection from harm and 'death.'" 

"So I take your words to mean that what we experienced with Edward Baldwin was not a normal circumstance," Mike clarified. 

"No shit," Melody muttered, disgusted at the mere mention of that man's name. 

"Mr. Baldwin... is a unique situation, make no mistake about that," Jesus replied. "Normally, he wouldn't be able to harm Melody alone in any way, not only due to her status as a citizen of Heaven, but also due to her rank as a Major Genie while on Earth." 

"So he must have had some other means of doing so," Melody mused. "Farzan told us of the wars between the Jinn and the sorcerers thousands of years ago. Could Edward's power have some connection to that?" 

Shaking his head, Jesus answered, "It's far worse than that, I'm afraid. We believe that Edward... is a potential Antichrist." 

Blinking a few times to ensure he had heard correctly, Mike asked, "Antichrist?" 

"Indeed," Jesus replied. "The concept of the Antichrist is one that humans have tried to grasp throughout history, but largely have come up short on. Mike, what do you know of the Antichrist?" 

"Not much," he replied. "Just the basic idea that he is the direct opposite of You, and that his emergence signals the start of the End of Days." 

"Not bad," Jesus replied. "Think of it in this way. When I first came to Earth, was I sent as a messenger as many of God's angels were?" 

"No, You were actually born as a baby, like all humans are," Melody said. 

"Precisely. In fact, I was human, in every sense of the word. I was merely a human born directly of God's divine intervention, one that He had housed His power within," He continued to explain. 

"Does that mean that the Antichrist is born as such, just as you were?" Mike asked. 

"No," Jesus answered. "Remember, humanity comes naturally from God, and the Antichrist is a human incarnation of Lucifer himself. Thus, no human is designated as the Antichrist from birth; it depends on their life and the choices that they make. In order for Lucifer to house his power inside a human, as God did with Me, it takes quite a long time. Human souls are not naturally inclined to such power, so it must be introduced to them slowly, or they will quickly be consumed by it. My guess is that Edward has been absorbing this power for at least a century, maybe more." 

"So he really is the Antichrist," Mike muttered. 

"Not yet," Jesus replied. "He is not the Antichrist until he has fully absorbed all of Lucifer's power. Until then, he's just a human using some of Lucifer's power." 

"So, what does all of this mean? The end of the world?" Mike asked. 

Chuckling slightly, He replied, "Now you know better than to ask me that. What have you always known about the End of Days?" 

Face-palming in realization, Mike said, "No one knows the day or hour that it will come, not man, nor angels, nor even the Son of God Himself, but God the Father only." 

"Exactly," Jesus said. "Dad is the only one who knows if Edward is the one who will fully become the Antichrist and begin the End of Days, and believe Me, He's not letting anyone in on that secret. Therefore, we have to proceed as if it's not the End of Days. If we can stop Edward before Lucifer's power overtakes him completely, the End of Days will be averted." 

"So, how long do we have until he does fully absorb Lucifer's power?" Melody asked. 

Thinking momentarily, Jesus answered, "At the current rate, maybe a few weeks. Remember the surge of power you felt from Persephone in your fight with her? That power was directly from Edward. With their bond, he is able to share some of Lucifer's strength with her, enabling her to hold her own with even you." 

"That must be how she's able to rebel against the Council of Four!" Melody realized. 

"Exactly. And in sharing such power with Persephone, Edward drastically slows the rate at which he progresses towards becoming the Antichrist, almost to a halt," Jesus explained. 

"So, if we force him to share more power with Persephone, that buys us more time. The question is, time to do what?" Mike asked. 

"To take Edward out," Jesus said quietly. 

"How?" Mike asked. "You saw what he did to Melody down there!" 

With a knowing grin, Jesus said, "I'm so glad you asked." 

With a blinding flash of light, the trio suddenly found themselves in a large, circular room with doors lining the glowing, white walls. 

"What is this place?" Melody asked in wonder. 

"My friends, welcome to the armory," Jesus replied. "Eons ago, Lucifer was one of God's most powerful angels. He was a great warrior, and widely respected for his wisdom as well. However, he soon became jealous of Me, realizing that, a great as he was, he would never be as close to God as His own Son. This jealousy led him to rebel, bringing with him about a third of God's angels as his sympathizers. After several fierce battles with God's forces, led by Michael the Archangel, I finally entered the battle Myself, putting down the rebellion once and for all. After Dad banished Lucifer, Michael and I created this armory to develop means with which we could more effectively combat Lucifer should he ever attempt a direct assault on Heaven, or especially Earth, again." 

"And has he ever attempted another direct assault?" Mike asked. 

"No," Jesus replied, shaking His head. "As foolish as his rebellion was, Lucifer himself is no fool today. He knows that a direct war with God would result in his complete destruction. Rather, he seeks to corrupt God's creation, humanity, by convincing them to willingly accept him as their leader and savior. That is the ultimate purpose of the Antichrist. But I digress; we're getting ahead of ourselves. 

"Our focus at this point needs to be Edward. Though he is close to achieving full Antichrist status, he is not there yet. As you mentioned, Melody, we must force him to bestow more power on Persephone, thus slowing down the process dramatically. Melody, what you must do is return to Earth and try to track down Persephone to remove her power from her. Since she actively declared the Council of Four to be her enemy, Selena and Farzan have the power to assist you with this. It will be difficult to subdue her, but not impossible; as a genie servant, she cannot wield the amount of power that Edward can, which should allow at least two Major Genies to bring her down." 

"What about Edward?" Melody asked. "Clearly, I'm no match for him, even with all of my Genie magic. Won't he stop at nothing to prevent us from removing her power?" 

Jesus replied, "I doubt it. At this point, he sees Persephone as merely a pawn to help him accomplish his goal. If she must be sacrificed, he will gladly do so. Even now, Edward has separated himself from Persephone, though he can still strengthen her from great distances away. He is doubtless aware that you managed to find him by tracking her location, so he won't be making that mistake again. 

"In the meantime, Mike, we have a contingency plan specifically crafted for combating the Antichrist. Michael and I have managed to build a weapon capable of not only harming the Antichrist, but also completely disrupting the connection he shares with Lucifer, cutting off his power source. The weapon is extremely powerful, obviously, and takes great care to use properly, but has always been designed to be used only by human citizens of Heaven." 

"I don't understand," Mike said. "If we're this close to such a disaster, why aren't You and Michael taking matters into your own hands? Why send us?" 

Thinking for a moment, Jesus replied, "It's a bit difficult to fully explain, but suffice to say that I cannot return to Earth until the End of Days has officially begun. It was basically a treaty agreement made with Lucifer after the end of My mortal life. When I died, but then rose again, he felt that God had cheated, and threatened a direct attack on Earth in retaliation. Though we did not cheat, and would have won such a conflict, there's no telling how many innocents would have been harmed in the process. Thus, we agreed that I would not return to Earth directly except in the event that he broke the peace by establishing dominion over it. In that case, I am allowed to return to Earth for the purpose of evacuating all those who still resist his rule, what some humans refer to as 'The Rapture.' Once that has occurred, the treaty we agreed on is completed, allowing God's army to combat Lucifer directly once more." 
