 A small band of orcs were marching on a course set for Forth Felicia, there were foot soldiers, eight mounted on wolves, four in front and four in the and a carriage pull by three horned beasts which made a total of thirty orcs. 

The sun was shining brightly that day with no sign of rain, perfect for traveling. The orcs had started early that morning and in another hour midday and after another hour they would stop and eat lunch. 

The wolves started growling, the orcs drew their weapons but as they did the two orcs on the carriage were struck by two arrows. More arrows begin to rain down on them, some of the orcs fell while others block the attack. The next volley came but it came for the wolves. A second later the four wolves were dead. The orcs take defensive positions.

It was quiet for a few minutes but then the attackers make their move. They were dressed in brown and their faces were conceal by a masks. One orc throws a spear but the brown figure dodges it, leaps over the orc and kills the two behind him. 

"Who are you people?" The orc leader asks, emerging from the carriage. He was answered by an arrow in the eye.

"Please, please, I have a family," an orc pleaded. One brown figure thrust a spear through the orc's chest. Another one bashes an orc with a shield and strikes him down with a sword.

Once all the orcs were killed, the brown figures gather around the carriage, eight in total. One opens the door and finds gold coins. They take the gold coins and the arrows but leave everything else. 

****

Kashin awakens to a knock on the door. "You may enter." 

Amelia comes in and smiles, "Good morning, Master."

"Good morning, Amelia," he smiles back. Her eyes fall to his morning wood. "You may relieve me."

Amelia licks her lips and walks over to the bed and removes the covers. She places one finger on the bulge. "So beautiful." She slowly removes his underwear. 

"Do the reverse this morning."

She gets on the bed and slides down into it. She moans as she slides down and begins going up and down. "Oh Master!" She moans happily. "I'm sorry for last night." He didn't respond so she concentrates on pleasing him. Kashin just lays there watching her ass jiggle with each thrust. She switches motions, now she was going backwards and forwards on his cock. 

Kashin sighs happily. This was him, living in an unending dream. Once upon a time this woman was an enemy like all the others, he started down the Mage path at an early age and when the war broke out he was assign to a mage group and excel in his duties. Soon he found himself spending most of time behind the lines, losing a mage would be a heavy blow for the SOTD and Orc mages tend to be weaker than their elven counterparts and there were also humans who were mages not as many as elves but still it was two against one. As the days went on he found himself being used to interrogate prisoners, many of them very beautiful, he would find ways to brake them and bending them to his will. When signs of the end approached he saved as money and booty as possible for the only thing worse than being on the losing side was being on the losing side with no money.

A soft moan escapes Amelia which interrupts his thoughts. She cups hers breasts and starts playing with them. She circles her areolas and begins pulling and twisting her nipples.

He had everything now, well almost everything, the great elf warrior Elena thought dead was alive and wanted to be trained by him in the dark arts, he wasn't sure if this was a blessing or a curse. He had no real love for the Dark Lord but she was doing great things and his kind was more or less in charge and it certainly made his life easier than before but now Elena had returned and sought to destroy her. What was the consequences of this, sure it would affect Elena but would he be caught in the backlash? He had to thread carefully if he was going survive and with his position intact.

"Oh master!" Amelia cries in happiness.

"Can't cum yet!" He slides off of her and grabs her hair and waist. He shoves his cock inside her ass.

"Oh ahhh, yes!"

"Such a slut," he thought upon seeing her leakage. "The same as it was those many years ago." He takes hold of her right breast and smacks it and then he does the left one. 

While continuing the ass thrusting he imagines for a second that it was Elena. If somehow he could convince her to stay and become a member of his harem that would be great. He pulls it out of her and turns her around and wanks it. Her mouth was opened with delight as waited for the delicious treat. A minute later the load shots came forward, some in her mouth and the rest hit her face and chin. "Thank you, Master."

"Of course."

He heads to the bathroom where two of his servants Charlotte and Sheba waited. "Good morning, master!" They say in union.

"Good morning, ladies." He smiles.

****

Thantor was at the table awaiting breakfast when Kashin enters the room. "Good morning."

"Good morning."

"So did you sleep well?" 

"Oh yes, and your servants are impressive."

"I'm glad to hear that and so will they."

Breakfast was brought in and two began eating. "This is good."

"Nothing but the best for my guests."

"So will Elena be joining us?"

"I'm afraid she's tide up at the moment. After all I did accept her as my apprentice so she'll be very busy."

"I see, so she's really going through with this?"

"Indeed, strange as it is. So now that she's in my care what are you planning to do?" 

"Well I still have some vacation days so I'll remain in Debauchea for the week before making the trip home." 

"I see. You're welcome to stay here and enjoy my servants."

"You're too kind warden. I shall head into town and take in the sights. 

"Wait before you depart I wish to hear your story on how you came into Elena."

Thantor smirks.

****

Elena opens her cum dried eyes. She was still hogtied and suspended in midair. She had cried during the night but not because of the compromising position she, a warrior of renown well former was in but because she wasn't allowed to cum. 

The door opens and she looks to Kashin. "You had a good sleep, Elena?" 

Elena doesn't respond.

"Fine I guess I'll find you a new instructor, I just hope they won't turn you over to the Dark Lord."

Elena puts forward her best smile and says, "I had a great sleep, Master Kashin."

"That's better." He unties her. "Let's get you clean up and then you can have breakfast."

Elena enters her room and opens a draw to get some clothes but it was empty. She searches the next one and the next, she searches everywhere but her clothes were gone. "Where are my clothes?"

"Right here." He hands her some provocative clothing.

"These aren't mine."

"They're your new clothing. If you're going to stay here you'll need to blend in."

Elena grabs the clothes. "Please don't throw away my old wear!"

"Don't worry about it."

Once Elena was in clean clothes she goes into the dining room and takes a sit. Amelia appears with a plate of grits, toast, sausage and a chopped up banana. "Good morning." Elena nods. "Breakfast is served." Elena begins eating. "So how are you feeling?"

"A bit sore from the ropes."

"You'll get use to it."

Elena sighs and resumes eating. 

"Make sure you eat it all, you can't train on an empty stomach," Amelia giggles.

"What's funny?"

"Oh nothing." She giggles again.

"Ok what's going on?"

"It's nothing really."

Kashin comes in and turns to Elena. "Once you're done meet me in the library."

"Yes Master."

"Amelia, stop fooling around and get to those dishes!"

"Yes Master!" She giggles again.

"What's so funny?!"

"Leave her be, finish eating so we can get started on your training."

"Yes Master Kashin!" She resumes eating and drains her goblet of orange juice. Amelia giggles as she takes Elena's empty plate and goblet. "Alright enough, what is so funny?!"

"Well promise you won't get mad. That banana you ate was the same one from last night."

Elena's eyes widen horror. She notices the knife still on the table and picks it up. With a mad dash she was only an inch from Amelia's throat but at that moment Kashin whispers some words and Elena was frozen in place. "I can't have you killing her, she's my servant so you'll have go through me first and furthermore this is part of your training. In order to become a user of the dark arts you must be willing to sink into depravity. Understand?" Elena couldn't move to respond. "Amelia go into the kitchen." She nods and proceeds inside. Kashin murmurs again and Elena could move again. "Can you handle it? Can you handle sinking into depravity." Elena hesitates but nods. "Good now let's get started."

A few minutes later they were in the library. "So what shall I learn first, teleportation, fire wielding, shapeshifting?"

He takes out a scroll, "You'll start by learning how to recite spell words. That's how many of them work, the simple ones are easy but the harder ones, if you recite the wrong words not only will they not work they can backfire and have severe repercussions on you and or the people around you."

Elena starts reading the scroll. "Na here ter née va, Nahereternéeva?"

"Close, it's Nahere ter ne éva."

She nods, "Nahere ter ne éva."

"It's Orcish for I summon thee."

"Nahere ter ne éva."

"Ok we'll come back to that. I want you to close your eyes and feel the energy around you. It should be something easy for you."

Elena closes her eyes and starts concentrating on feeling the energy. 

"Ok open your eyes." Elena does this. "Can you feel the energy?" Elena nods. "Can you see it?" Elena nods again. "Good, such an easy step for a great warrior such as yourself. But did you know you can bend the energy?"

"What? Such a thing is possible?"

"Yes, that's where the main source of magic comes from. Energy from all around us. The more energy you have the more effective the magic will be. Both SOTL and SOTD mages do this. Once you master bending you'll be able master the magic."

Charlotte enters the library. "Sir a raven has just arrived." 

He nods and reaches for the shelf and grabs a book. "Elena I want you to read the first chapter of this book about magic, I'll be back shortly."

****

"What?! You're telling me that the Orc tribute was stolen?!" The Dark Lord exclaims.

"Yes ma'am, all of the orcs and wolves were killed," her Messenger answers.

"Well they'll just have to try again." 

"You're majesty, shouldn't we send condolences to the families of the fallen?"

"Yes, yes," she says annoyed. "Sigh, it seems no matter how hard I try people still want to rebel. I guess I should assemble an investigation team, the tribute was obviously attacked by people who knew about it and will most certainly attack again. So tell the orcs to triple the amount of guards and tell the other kingdoms to be on the look out. Can't have anything ruining my upcoming birthday party."

"Yes your majesty."

****

"So the entire group was wiped out?" Kashin questions while communicating through the crystal ball. "I see, I'll keep a look out here." The glow of the crystal ball turns off. Suddenly it glows again. He looks into it and sees that Krayt was burning. "Hmmm. This is where the Naga attacked. Could it be related?" 

****

"I missed you at breakfast," Thantor says to Elena upon entering the library."

"I'm busy, Thantor," Elena snaps.

"Easy, just wanted to know how the training was going."

"If you must know it's going well," she answers and resumes reading.

"I'll be staying here for the rest of the week."

Elena was annoyed, "Why you've done your job?" 

"I still have some vacation time left."

"That's great now go away!"

"Ok I'll see you later." He walks but stops. "I see you're adapting to the culture here."

"Fuck off!"

Thantor leaves.

Elena shakes her head.

*****

Thantor was making his way through the streets on his way to the shopping district. He had to buy food for Greyfang for the journey home. His eyes couldn't help but wonder at the beautiful female humans and elves. "Great place for a vacation." He enters the market place and notices an elf occupying a stand and approaches. "Hello, what are you serving?"

"Flesh elven honey white bread."

"I should get this for Elena, she's most likely hasn't had a real taste of her home in a long time," he thought. "How much?"

"Two silver coins, sir."

He hands him a gold coin. "Keep the change."

"Thank you, sir." Thantor moves on to buy more food. He looks and sees rabbit, ten for ten gold coin. He gets in line, "only one person ahead this is good," he thought. The female drops a coin and Thantor quickly picks it up before it gets away. He hands it over to the female and they stare at each other. "I know you," they both say in union. "You're Annie."

"And you're Thantor, the one eyed Orc."

"It's good to see you." She pays for her rabbits and he does the same and they head to a restaurant.

"So what brings you to Debauchea?" 

"My papa and I plan to do some trade business here for a bit."

"So your papa is here with you?"

"Yes." 

"Here's your parfaits."

"Thank you." Annie smiles at the servant elf as he leaves." Look at them Thantor, serving us, as it should be. Soon, very soon it will be permanent."

"So the alchemy is going well?"

"Yes, yes, we're so close. So why are you here in Debauchea?" She questions.

"I was traveling with a companion to see the warden of Jagged Point."

"I see, so where are you staying?"

"With the warden. I'll be in Debauchea for the week and then I'll head out for home."

"Maybe we hang out some more while we are here."

"Sure. Originally I was traveling to Krayt but the Naga showed up."

"Did you hear about Krayt burning this morning?"

"Yes I heard, I could smell the smoke from here."

"I wonder what caused it."

"Probably those damned Naga."

"I hope they don't come here."

"They wouldn't dare, there's Majin Hai here and the SOTD won't stand for it. This place is central to the economy."

"Yes unfortunately. Orcs would pay money to fuck the enemy rather than being with their own kind," she huffs.

"Well I haven't paid for a single thing since I got here, well the food yes. In fact I was intending to meet the warden at Jacket Point and leave but things change and I'm here. Hmmm, it been a long time since I had a parfait."

"Indeed, one of the few things SOTL done right." She finishes the parfait. "Wouldn't mind eating these for an eternity. Well I should get going, got a lot to do."

"I'll see you later then."

****

"I've finished reading chapter 4, Master," Elena announces upon Kashin's arrival into the library room. He'd been quite busy and told her to read ahead. The book was quite long and just the origins.

"You are expected to read the book until you are finished."

She nods. 

"After that you will read the advance material but only when we're not training. Your homework tonight is to start masturbating." Elena has a shock look on her face. "You will do this every night before you sleep and every morning when you wake up. It will enhance your power. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master Kashin," she answers grimly.

"You're the one who wants the dark power, right?"

"Yes I will do what needs to be done."

"You can always turn away."

"I'll masturbate right now if need be."

"As much as I would like that no, it's dinner time."

They head to the dinning room where Elsa was waiting. "Tonight's special is turtle soup with elven honey white bread."

"Elven honey white bread? Elena questions.

"Affirmative."

"Haven't had elven bread in a long time."

"It wasn't my idea. It was the other guest. He just arrived."

Thantor enters the dinning room.

"Thantor did you buy the elven bread?" Elena questions.

"Indeed, you've been away for so long I figured you could use a taste of your home."

Elena was surprised and happy, "Thanks, Thantor."

Kashin could see the sparkle in her eyes. "Maybe it wasn't a good idea of him staying here," he thought.

*****

After dinner Thantor retires to his room. The elven bread was a stroke of genius, the way Elena's face beamed, if he could keep this up she would want to fuck him. He only had six days left so he was going to do it.

Charlotte the human arrives. 

"What can I do you for?" He asks.

"My master was impressed with the elven bread so in order to show his gratitude," she presents some very expensive liquor and two glasses.

"Tell your master he's welcomed. Where is he?"

"He has guests tomorrow so he won't be able to drink so that's why I'm here." She pours him a glass. "Excuse me while I get more comfortable." She strips and pours herself a glass. "A toast to the future." He nods and he drink. "Want some more?"

"Oh yes." Drinking with a naked woman, I love Debauchea. She pours him another glass and he drinks. As for her she rubs the liquor on her breasts. 

"You like?" He nods. "You may lick the liquor off." He takes hold of her breasts and begins rubbing them and then he licks her nipples. He rubs his eyes. "Everything alright?"

"Yeah just feel, no I can handle liquor but I..." He falls back on the bed and was out cold. 

****

Elena was in her room reading the book, she sighs happily. "Elven honey white bread, how I missed thee and the rest of my elven food. I will liberate the my people and things will return to normal, we will regain our positions! I will defeat the Dark Lord no matter how long it takes, but first, first I must walk this path." She had to masturbate tonight before bed and tomorrow morning. She considered not doing it but thought it was better to do what Kashin told her, he was probably watching her she concluded so why risk a punishment, she tried fake moaning and that didn't go well besides, she wasn't a stranger to masturbation and certainly no stranger to being watched. 

She strips out of the clothing she hated and lies on the bed and sighs. She stares at her hand and then inserts one finger into her elven pussy. She moans softly as her other hand comes in contact with her left breast. How long had it been? She didn't even masturbate when she was up north. She inserts another finger inside and then a third. She begins rubbing her clit which started to become hard. 

She focuses more on her tits, pitching and pulling her nipples. Her thoughts went to her sword Erector III, she wonders whatever happened to that sword, did it fall into some other person's hand or was it destroyed, was its secret ever revealed? She may never know. Her moans were becoming louder and louder. She needed this, ever since last night when she couldn't cum she been afraid to seek Master Kashin's permission, oh the agony! 

"What if Thantor shows up?" She thought. Oh boy if he did. She could see him now with that arrogant smirk on his face but still she was surprised and happy that he bought elven honey white bread for her. If he did show up she wouldn't resist she decided. No she would let him fuck her. She could see him now grabbing her legs and thrusting his green hard as rock cock inside of her. Her breasts would be bouncing wildly nearly hitting her, he would grope them and suck on her arrowhead hard nipples, in fact he would force her facedown, pull her blond hair and thrust fast and hard and then she has her orgasim. 

She sighs happily and drifts happily to sleep.

****

The next day she work up feeling wonderful, it was time for another masturbation session, she was still naked from last night. She looks for the clothes she wore last night but they weren't there. "Oh well," she thought and starts.

After another intense orgasim she reaches for the closest and finds no clothes. She looks everywhere, not even a bra or underwear. "What's going on here!?"
