 Elena awakens in a bed. "Ugh, where am I?" She quickly realizes that there was nothing covering her head. "Shit! I have to get out of here!" 

The door opens and she looks to see Gretto, Lillie and a faun doctor. "Ah you are awake. How are you feeling?"

"I'm fine, how long have I've been out?"

"A day," the doctor answered.

"I see. The frost giants?!"

"They retreated after their leaders were killed. Five went down and I lost eight," Lillie answers grimly.

"I'm sorry for your lost."

"I as well. I have to say I was surprised to find out that you were an elf, they aren't native but I won't pry, respect from a fellow warrior." 

"I'm glad you're alright, Ms. Jewels," Getto say happily.

Elena nods.

"Here, this is all that's left." Lillie presents the broken sword.

"I can make you another sword."

"Very well. You can take my share of the reward money as well." 

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. How long will it take you to make it?"

"Well since my master is here, I say about a week."

"That's good," Elena sighs in relief.

An hour had passed and Elena had eaten and was now excising. "Once, the sword is reforged I'll leave." She returns to her room and starts rummaging through her stuff but then she notices that something was missing. "Where is it?"

"Looking for this?" Elena looks up to see Lillie holding a large crystal object. 

"So you thought you'd make off with a piece of the star, huh?" Elena turns her head. "I would fight you for it but I won't because it wouldn't be fair. So here." She gives it to Elena but once Elena has it Lillie grabs her by her shirt. "I know who you really are Ms. Jewels. It didn't take me long to figure it out. Elves never travel alone and you've been here way too long to be in search of a lost companion." 

"Are you going to report me to the Dark Lord?"

"I would but you saved my life so we're even."

"I don't plan to stay here any longer. Once Gretto reforges my sword I'll be on my way south where there is little to no life."

"That's good because it would be unfortunate if the dark lord installed a garrison here, and there's already people singing praises of you. I wouldn't want young Gretto getting hurt."

"Just so you know it was never my intention to steal the star, a piece just happen to land near me so I took it. Now that I have it I will sell it for booze."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes."

"You really are a fallen warrior."

"What would you have me do?! I am a traitor to my people, I killed my king! I came here to forget! This is the conclusion to the story of the great elven warrior Elena. She won't die, death is too good for her so she will suffer for all eternity like the piece of shit she is!"

They suddenly hear something fall."Who's out there?!" Lillie demands.

Gretto appears. "Is this true, Ms. Jewels. Are you really that elf people were talking about years ago?"

"Yes, that's me. Now you know the truth, Gretto, it's worst than you thought, I'm worst than you thought. The longer I stay here the more pain and misfortune everyone will suffer." 

"It not all your fault."

"Yeah try telling that to the western lands."

"Ms. Jewels..."

"You can stop with the Ms. Jewels. It's Elena."

"Well you're still Ms. Jewels to me."

Elena rolls her eyes.

"Gretto, are you still going to make her a new sword?"

"Yes, I told her I would."

"Can you make it using the piece of the star?"

"What?!" Elena exclaims. "That's my mealticket!"

"You drink too much," Gretto says.

"Yes, if you sell the star you will be set for life and people will take notice, besides, how are you going to haul all that booze, the boxes will be way heavy." Elena sighs sadly, she knew they were right. She hands over the star. 

****

Keylong Port

"So this Keylong Port, huh? It's a lot bigger than I imagine," Prince Maximus observes.

"We need to find the best ship," Captain Nesa says.

"Here's one, the Aqua Express," Jetkins points.

"I don't like it, it's not fitting for a princess." 

"Yeah it's something they don't need to know, we must be cautious," Captain Nesa speaks.

The captain of the Aqua Express appears.

"Greetings. We would like to book passage to the North. Sheba Town."

"Sheba Town, let me guess, you're going after that star? Well you aren't the only ones who came asking and like them you're too late, the star has been destroyed."

"Destroyed?!"

"Yes it seems that Frost Giants appeared and attacked the group send by the dark lord. But they were repelled by them and their leader was slain by an elf who was with them."

"An elf?" 

"Yes, I believe her name was Jewels."

"Jewels, huh. So I guess there's an elven population up there."

"Oh no, from what I heard she's the only elf living there, until recently nobody knew she was an elf. She's been there for two years I think."

"Really?! That's surprising considering we elves don't travel anywhere alone and to live in such conditions."

"She actually killed two of the frost giants."

"Wow that's impressive. I would like to meet her," Prince Maximus says.

"What for, our objective is lost, this has been a complete waste of my time!" Princess Maxine grumbles.

"We can still retrieved the remains."

"I'm not going to fight frost giants for star remains."

"We were going anyway."

"Yeah till I found out that frost giants still exist."

"Listen this could be our chance to obtain power to kill the Dark Lord, are you going to pass that up?!" Captain Nesa questions.

"Mind your tongue, elf!"

"Sis, we've come this long way, we might as well finish what we started. We have nothing left."

"Very well," she sighs. "Book passage to Sheba Town for 8."

The Aqua Expess began sailing through the open ocean. "Five days, five days of through this miserable ocean!" Princess Maxine grumbles. 

"Sis, it will be alright, just think of the treasures that await us."

"Whatever, I'll be in my cabin!"

Prince Maximus sighs, "I hope we can fine some remains."

Jetkins was gazing at the sea and lets out a sigh. "Everything alright?" Captain Nesa asks, coming to join him.

"I was just thinking about the last time we traveled by sea. Back when it was four of us."

"The past is the past, let it die or it will bring you nothing but pain. Elena betrayed us and her actions led to the turning of Gudolu and the downfall of the Elves." She sold us out for orc cock, she thought.

"I know it's just we were all so happy back then. I long to return to those days."

"And we shall, the restoration of the Elves will come!" 

It was dinner time and everyone was present and in good spirits save the princess. "No seriously, you slew ten Majin Hai in one blow?" Prince Maximus inquires.

"Yes," Captain Nesa answers. "They all came at me at the same time so I spin around and their heads went flying."

"That's amazing."

"They don't call us black ops for nothing."

Humph, if they're so great why couldn't they stop the Dark Lord and their best warrior was a traitor! Princess Maxine thought.

"Alright everyone, dinner has arrived," the chef announces. "Sea turtle pot pie."

Everyone save the princess cheered. They pray and begin eating. 

"Hmmmm, it's been too long since I had sea turtle pot pie!" Captain Nesa said happily.

"What a privilege," Prince Maximus agrees. 

"Indeed," one of the guardsmen say.

"Sis, aren't you going to eat?"

Princess Maxine picks up the folk and takes a bite, puts the folk and exits the table.

"Princess?" A guards woman questions.

"Sis?"

Princess Maxine leaves without saying a word.

Prince Maximus attempts to get up but Captain Nesa blocks him. "Let her be."

"But, but."

"With all do respect, she was ruining the mood," Jetkins added.

"Sir, what should we do?" A guard asks.

"They're right, let's leave her be."

****

Fort Felicia

The once proud and beautiful country that was once known as Elftoria was gone and stood on its once sacred elf ground was the Dark Lord's base operations. She had succeeded in bringing the western lands under subjugation and now she has plans to expand north, south and east until the entire world was under her control.

Dark Lord Felicia sat her throne drinking wine from a goblet while listening to the news from her subjects. 

"Your Highness, the preparations for your birthday party is going well."

"Excellent, and the guest list?"

"Every royal and noble will be there from every corner of the west Light and Dark shall be there."

"Excellent, this will be the best birthday ever! Minister Borg, how's the conquest budget looking? We need to start building warships, how many do you think is needed? I'm thinking one thousand."

"Well your highness, we don't have the budget for warships."

"Everyone except Minister Borg may leave." As soon as everyone was gone she speaks, "what?! How come there's no budget for warships?!"

"It exceeds the budget, the cost of one will 500 thousand gold coins, wood would be cheaper but you want metal and what's more, it will be a few years before we complete all of them. Siege weapons mounted on them will cost 100 but since they will be made of metal that's ten times the normal price of one made of wood. And there's food, weapons and armor plus pensions for the Majin Hai."

"Fuck it, I'll just teleport everyone on the lands. The southern lands has little to no life so I won't need as many troops as required for the other two lands."

"We have yet to confirm the exact numbers."

"It shouldn't be too much but you never know, perhaps I should create more Majin Hai or maybe I should enlist actual people instead of turning them into my ranks."

"That's not a bad idea, we do have Shrill mercs acting as scouts."

"Yes, the SOTD will have no problem joining with me, as for the remaining SOTL it may be a bit of a challenge. I especially want elves, cretins I can afford to lose."

"You plan to recruit elves in the purposes of sending them to their deaths?"

"Yep, you know how much I despise elves."

"Why not just genocide them all?"

"Maybe, but for now they have their uses."

****

Sheba Town

A week had passed and Elena's sword was completed. "Master Quax, if I may?" Gretto asks.

"You may."

"Ms. Jewels I present to you your new sword." He unsheathes it. Both Elena and Lillie's eyes widen in surprise for the sword was glowing white of pure star energy. "Only the hilt is made of metal, the entire blade itself is of pure star."

"It's beautiful, it not like anything I've ever seen in this world," Elena says.

"That's because its not from this world," the sword master Quax says.

"I'm not worthy of this pure sword for I'm impure."

"Don't talk like that," Lillie says angrily. "Gretto spent all week, barely got enough sleep," mostly due to our fucking, she thought, "to make you this sword. You will take it!"

Elena signs, "fine!" She grasps the sword and swings it. "It's sounds...weird not like ordinary swords when swung. I shall call it the star sword." She bows. "Thank you Gretto, master Quax and you Lillie." 

"I'll carry your bag," Gretto says.

"No. I can do it myself."

"Please let me, it will be the last time I get to do something for you for awhile."

She sighs, "you can't make this easy can you."

As they proceed to the docks they notices an old man who suddenly trips and falls and rush to his aid. "Are you alright?" Gretto asks.

"Yes, I am fine." He eyes were suddenly fixed on Elena. "It's you! The one called Jewels!"

"Um yeah that's me."

"It's an honor! I got here two days ago and the people have been talking about you. Impressive work with those frost giants and I heard a Shrill killed one too."

"Yes that was me," Lillie says.

"Good work, both of you, back in my younger days in the east I encountered giants thought to be long gone. Oh where are my manners. My name is Rook."

"I'm Lillie."

"Gretto."

"Did you come looking for the star?" Lillie questions.

"Indeed I did but I heard it was destroyed by the frost Giants and they're still lurking."

"So what are you planning to now?"

"Buy some stuff and head back my ship." 

"Well I have to get to dock so I can purchase a ticket, it was nice to me you Mr. Rook, " Elena says.

"The honor is mine." 

"I hope you have nice time here in Sheba Town," Gretto says.

He nods and leaves.

"It's actually feels nice to receive praise for work, as a mercenary money is the form of praise and most of what is done is kept in the dark and the big wigs are the ones who take all the credit."

"Well Ms. Lillie I certainly think you've done great," Gretto grins.

"I aim to please," she smirks.

"Ah here we are, the docks," Elena announces, pretending that she wasn't caught on to obviousness of their relationship. 

"We'll be waiting," Lillie says.

"Well this is it, in a few hours I'll be gone. From one cold place to another cold place. Sigh, it was a bit fun and easy to buy booze. The south is going to be different but it's better this way."

"Attention everyone, attention! Due to Yeti outbreak in southern lands the trip has been canceled until further notice," a man announces.

"What about the money we paid!" Someone yells.

"Calm down we will give you a refund!"

"How bad is it south?" Another asks.

"Really bad, the yetis have killed or driven away everyone at the town dock."

"Great, real fuckin great!" Elena says angrily and walks back to Lillie and Gretto.

"So what are you going to do now?" Lillie asks.

"I don't know, it's not like I have the money to buy a ship."

"Damn cowards, afraid of yetis. I could handle them with a broken leg and one hand tide behind me," a man said to his friend while passing by.

"You shouldn't underestimate a yeti," Rook says "One along possesses the strength of ten men." 

"Oh what do you know old man!" The man shoves Rook to the ground.

"Hey leave him alone!" Elena yells.

"Oh yeah what are you going to do about it?!"

"Hey you shouldn't underestimate her, she's Jewels."

"Wait the Jewels, the one that killed two frost Giants?!" 

"Yeah that's her and that shrill killed one as well."

"Oh I'm sorry, forgive me!" He helps Rook up.

"You are forgiven," Elena says.

"Oh thank you." The man and his friend leave.

"Thanks for the assist. Honestly, the young humans these days. Try to give them some advice and they lash out at you."

"Hopefully he learned his lesson," Lillie says.

"I hope as well."

"Rook, do by chance know the best way to stop a yeti?" Elena asks.

"Fire is the best way."

"Good."

"But since the environment is ice and snow they have sense to stop drop and roll."

"Well it matters not I have to get to the south."

"Wait isn't the ship taking you south?"

"Yeah it was but they cancelled because yetis are invading and it sounds like they are uncountable."

"She can only wait for things to get better," Gretto explains.

"Lillie, could I ride with you?"

"Sorry but my next assignment is to the east and we have a schedule to keep."

"I understand," Elena says in a disappointing tone.

"I could take you there," Rook suggests.

"Really?"

"Yes I'll take you anywhere."

"How much do I owe you?"

"Oh this is on me."

"Why?" Lillie asks suspiciously.

"It's the least I can do, after all you did repel those frost giants. As I said before I encountered giants in the east and I'm very aware of the damage they can do it's almost like enduring with a hurricane. You've helped me twice already so allow me to show my gratitude."

Elena nods. "Very well I shall take you up on your offer."

"Great we'll leave as soon as you are ready."

"I'm already ready." 

"Then let us go."

"Behold my ship, the Supreme."

"It's kind of small," Gretto notices.

"Hey mind your tongue, this vessel will out run even the biggest ships. It's got everything needed. I've had this baby for fifty years now."

"Wow!"

"Alright let's head aboard."

"Well this it, Lillie take care of yourself."

"Oh don't worry about me, it's you who need not get into trouble."

Elena nods. "Gretto, you're going to be a fine blacksmith."

Gretto hugs her. "I know you think you are horrible person but you're not."

"I am a horrible person, that's why I have to leave. I want you to forget me."

"I can't do that nobody will, you slew two frost Giants and I made you a sword out of a star." You let me see you naked and gave me oral. And I got laid by a hot Shrill mercenary, he thought.

"Farewell, Gretto, Lillie."

The Supreme leaves Sheba Town.

****

"Sis, great news, will be in Sheba Town tomorrow evening," Prince Maximus announces.

"Finally, then we can get off this smelly ship!" She heads to her cabin.

The crewmen were angered by her words. "She doesn't mean it I'm sure you all bath regularly."

"That woman has done nothing but complain since she came aboard!" A crewman yells.

"She needs to be taught a lesson!" Another says.

"I'm sorry for my sister, understand, we recently lost our dad so she just going through, please give her some time. She has a big responsibility ahead of her, please overlook her."

"Family tragedy is never something easy to get over," Captain Rob says.

"But still that's no excuse to be rude!" A crewman yells.

"Ok, I'll talk to her," Prince Maximus assures.

"No I'll do it, she needs a female's touch," Captain Nesa volunteers.

"But..."

"No offense but she's not exactly heeding you."

"Alright everyone back to work," Captain Rob barks.

Nesa knocks on the princess' cabin.

"Go away!"

"Princess, please it's important."

A second later the door opens.

"What do you want, elf!?"

"I'm coming in."

"You can stay out there." The door starts to close but Nesa grabs it and forces her way. "What is it, why can't you just leave me alone?!"

"Don't you think we do that? You're the one who keeps trying to make your misery known to everyone. I know your dad was killed but that's no reason to take it out on everyone."

"What do I care about them?! I'm a princess and deserve to be treated as such. I didn't ask to be here!"

"Have you forgotten why we're here, we need every asset to defeat the Dark Lord. Why can't you understand that?!"

"Don't you dare raise your voice to me!"

"Oh I can't but you have the authority to do so?"

"Yes I have the authority."

"Well can you kindly use your authority to stop a being a bitch?"

"HOW DARE YOU!"

"Oh I'm sorry what I meant to say is can you kindly use your authority to stop being a princess bitch?"

"I've have enough of you, elf!"

Princess Maxine comes at Captain Nesa but she quickly grabs Maxine's right arm and slaps her left face cheek and backhands her right face cheek. Nesa lets her fall to the floor and before Maxine could get off the floor, she puts her left hand over her mouth and with her right she takes out a dart, thumbs the cap off and sticks it in Maxine's right elbow. Maxine lets out a muffled scream. "Hurts like a bitch which is what you are! And that's only just the beginning." She removes her hand.

"You elf bast...whhhat...my..vooooiceeee...whaaaatt" Maxine's voice became slurred and trails away.

"During my days as a black ops member I went on many missions and on one of them I came across a special serum, this one can rob a person of their voice and paralyze them which should be in 3 2 1." Maxine tries to move her body but couldn't. "Yes it's quick acting." Maxine could do nothing but look in anger. "One of the sailors suggests that you be taught a lesson and that's exactly what I'm going to do!" Nesa pulls down Maxine's pants. "Ohh, what's this a thong, surely a princess shouldn't be wearing such racy attire. Were you hoping to get lucky with one of sailors?" She slowly pulls down the thong and looks at the princess' face which was filled with anger and terror. Nesa grins evilly and cups her right ass cheek. "You have a nice ass princess." She cups the left one. "Yes very nice indeed." She smacks the right the cheek and left. She does it again and again and again. She looks at the princess face and see trying to hold out from not shedding any tears. She continues smacking the princess' ass until it bright red. "Hmmm, not red enough. I'm going to have to upgrade." She removes her belt and looks back and the princess's face and this time it was filled with absolute terror.
