 "AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEE!"

A screech of erotic pleasure soared out across the dusky sky, from the open window atop the sky-scraping, phallus shaped, Tower of Mamms. The shriek was so startling, and so loud, that several flocks of birds fluttered into the air to flee from the noise, deer in the nearby forests ceased their grazing, wolves howled along merrily and wild horses begin to neigh and shift about nervously. Besides the commotion of the local wildlife, a more intelligent creature had also heard the scream. 

Atop a small isolated summit overlooking the gorge of the Deepcleavage Valley a small goblin-like creature sitting by a diminutive campfire jumped to his feet. "What in the hell was that?" muttered the goblinoid to himself as he swiftly drew a dagger from an archaic leathery sheath that hung on his hip. He ran to the edge of the summit, took a knee and scanned the earth's surface below. Squinting his beady eyes peering into the distance, the goblinoid didn't spot anything that looked to be out of the ordinary.

"Definitely female, but… Elven? Human? It was not the scream of a dwarf, gnome or halfling…a succubus maybe?" thought the little goblinoid. The last possible guess of a free demon made the little creature shudder. Coincidentally, the silhouette of an imp flew inconspicuously over the goblinoids head, right at that time. 

"Best I not think about it, and just leave it be." Said the goblinoid to himself, as he enclosed his trusty blade back into its gristly home.

Just as he began to turn back towards his campfire scratching his balding head, another scream was shouted into the air. This time however, words in the common tongue could be understood. 

"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH OH FUCK YES!" 

Again the little creature whirled around and ran back to the edge of the summit, with more of an expression of irritation then curiosity, but this time however, he did not draw his blade. Dropping, again, to one knee he surveyed the ground beneath him and out towards the horizon, but he still saw nothing.

"OH GOD, OH GOD MY ASS! OH FUCK!"

That particular yell helped establish a point of origin, and then the goblinoid had spotted in the distance a tower sprouting out, up and over two round boulders at its base. "How the hell did I not see that before? I guess my eyes aren't what they use to be…fucking old age! Sometimes I wonder what makes me think that I still have the necessary tools to properly adventure." Peering even harder hoping to recognize the tower, the goblinoid finally wondered, "What is that place, some kind of wizards tower? Or a giant dick?" 

"OOOOHHHH! OH MY GOODNESS! AAAHHHH!"

A sly smile sprawled across the little creatures face, revealing a bunch of pointy, cavity filled, yellow teeth. "Well whatever it is someone in there is definitely having a good time."

Deciding that an investigation would be worth the time, the goblinoid strolled back over to his campfire and reached into his backpack and grabbed a ragged old cloak. "Boy am I glad I decided to take this with me, only once a day for one hour a day, but that should be more than time then to make it there."

Strapping the undersized backpack on, then putting the cloak on over that, the little goblinoid put out the fire, and walked slowly over to the precipice of the summit. Standing on the edge of the precipice, the goblinoid grabbed each corner of the cloak and spread it out behind his back mimicking a type of mock wingspan. With his arms spread wide out to his sides the goblinoid thought to himself, "Whoever it is who is moaning, I hope she's hot and worth the show, because I really hate using this thing." 

Right after he closed his eyes, he let out a deep breath and fell forward off of the precipice. The once illuminated summit, filled with the dancing flames of the campfire, now stood in shadow and silence. Minus the sound of large leathery wings flapping away into the night air. 

Far above the trees, river and hills of the Deepcleavage Valley an abnormally large bat flew towards the tower. Once close enough to the tower, the bat, began to slow its approach, and then landed awkwardly on the windowsill. Once settled and perched, it peered into the room. 

The site before the small creature was not totally unexpected, but shocking nevertheless. "Holy Crap!" said the bat out loud. However without the proper vocal cords to speak actual words, "Holy Crap!" sounded more like, "Squeak, squeak!"

With his right wing he made a feeble attempt to cover his mouth and then rolled his eyes, in annoyance, remembering to stay quiet. But anyone who would have seen what he currently was looking at, couldn't have possibly have blamed him for making his audible blunder.

In the middle of the room, which looked like a cross between a library and a wizard's laboratory, laid a woman of extraordinary beauty. She was sprawled out all over the floor on her back in a disorderly manner. Her alabaster skin was flawless; her face was practically angelic with full red lips. Her long thin, flowing, black hair seemed to run down to the center of her back and end just below her waist, but the most astounding feature of this woman was that she had the most monstrous pair of breasts he had ever seen, and with each exhaled breath, her gigantic tits looked as if they actually ballooned out a little more only to slightly drop to there original size again. 

"Wow, I got to get a closer look at those." Thought the little bat to himself. Seeing that the woman was well passed out, the bat did not have much concern of alerting her to his presence. 

As he spread his wings he began to flap in earnest, and was soon airborne again ascending towards a rafter poised directly above the unconscious Mistress Mamms. Clamping his little bat feet to the rafter, the bat hung upside-down and gazed downwards at the magnificent view of the busty beauty from the low ceiling. Mouth agape, the bat began to drool as he marveled at the massive mammaries of Mistress Mamms. 

When the drool drop at the end of a sticky string of saliva, hanging from the bats mouth, accumulated too much weight. The string broke and a giant glob of bat spit landed right between the enormous gap of Mistress Mamms cleavage. 

"Wow, those are big, and firm too!" said the bat. "Wait…I can speak common again? How can I speak common when I'm in bat form…Oh fuck." With wide eyes, the goblinoid looked up at his torso and watched helplessly as the enchantment of his cloak began to wear off. "I guess it's been over an hour…SHIT!" 

Reaching upwards the goblinoid tried to grapple the rafter with his small hands, but unfortunately he couldn't get a secure grip fast enough. The shape change was happening to quickly for the goblinoid to try to keep himself from falling. With a futile expression the goblinoid watched in terror as his bat feet were soon to be changed back into his feet, and then as he quickly looked back at the ground to see exactly where he was going to fall he could now see that the big-titted sorceress was beginning to stir towards consciousness. 

Knowing it was too late, the goblinoid who was now accepting the rather precarious nature of this situation, mockingly said, "Of course what better time for her to awaken?"

Plummeting toward the busty sorceress at a high rate of speed, the goblinoid let out a short scream, "AAHHHH!" The scream, however, was loud enough to completely rouse Mistress Mamms from her current state, and in response her sleepy eyes shot open wide, while letting out a scream of her own. "AAAHHHH!" 

And then, BOOF!

The goblinoid collided at full force with the immense fuck pillows of Mistress Mamms. If all of that tit-meat hadn't been there as cushioning, the goblinoids little body would have knocked the wind from her lungs. 

Despite the forceful impact with her chest, Mistress Mamms was not suffering much pain. In fact she really only felt surprise, and was slightly paralyzed with shock. With her elbows bent up at her sides, and her hands spread outward, she peered down at the shiny, bald green head buried between her tits. 

The goblinoid then looked up and stared directly into her face. As she stared back at the goblinoid dumbly, the goblinoid decided that now was a good time as any to say something. By revealing a crooked, pointy-toothed grin, he said, "Hi, how are ya?"

"AAHHH! Get off of me you little creep!" with both hands Mistress Mamms grabbed the goblinoid by the shoulders and did her best to push him off. With her adrenalin pumping through her veins she was able to toss him farther then she normally could have. For the little goblinoid was slightly airborne, until he ended up rolling across the floor in a little ball and then smacked back first into the far wall. "OWWW!" 

Struggling to her feet Mistress Mamms grabbed one of her mammoth jugs at a time and shoved them back into the top of her gown, while eyeing the little intruder. Once her breasts were securely in place she looked down at the little creature and asked, "Who are you? How did you get in here and what were you doing to me when I was unconscious? Speak quickly, for I am sorceress of great power and I could kill you with just a word, fool!"

The goblinoid was no fool, he had run into sorcerers and wizards before and he knew how unpredictable they could be. If in fact she was a magic-user and if she lived in this tower, by herself that, was a good enough clue that she could take care of herself, and if that was the case more than likely she wasn't bluffing.  

The goblinoid had no logical reason for being there, but she couldn't know that or it could be the end of him. So the only thing he could do at this point was lie. Standing to his feet, and pointing one finger in the air for extra emphasis, the goblinoid began to speak boldly to the giant jugged threat before him. "I am Reginald De'Boner, and I am a servant of a very powerful being, that sent me here to guide you."

"Guide me…are you an aide of Xasabar?" Reginald began to lower his arm, and moved his eyes from left to right as he thought it was best to play along. "Uh…yes, uh, Xasabar…Lord Xasabar is the one who sent me to assist you."

"Assist me for what?" asked Mistress Mamms suspiciously.

"Uh…I'm not really sure, he seemed to have left that detail out. I was sitting at the tavern, the Jolly Jerk-Off, with him swigging down some ale. Next thing I know he said he had a job for me, and then POOF I was zapped here. I tell ya, I hate it when that son of a bitch does that. I never know where I'm going to end up. One time he zapped me into a dragons lair to steel some type of gem that had apparently had a lot of power, well being a rouge I had no problem with that so…" 

"A ROUGE? SO YOU'RE A THEIF!"

"Ah…Technically yes, but I was not sent here to steal from you." Reginald now began to sweat heavily, as he fidgeted from foot to foot. "Like I said, I'm here to guide you…"

"Wait…did you say the Jolly Jerk-Off?" 

"Yeah, that was were he and I were getting drunk."

"He would send you on a mission intoxicated?"

"I said getting drunk, I never actually got drunk."

"The Jolly Jerk-Off is outside Bigwood Forrest…you also said he sent you to a dragons lair to steal a tome. What kind of gem?"

Even though Reginald new that he was not out of any trouble yet, but he was an individual who could be distracted easily no matter how dire the circumstances. And before him were two major jiggling distractions, ready to burst out of a tightly contained velvety prison.

"Uh, I'm sorry what was the question?" asked Reginald. 

"I asked you, what kind of gem!" The sorceress's angelic face now showed great signs of impatience, so Reginald just blurted out a subject that he had once overheard two wizards in the Jolly Jerk-Off actually debate about, and he hoped to God that this arbitrary answer would some how be a satisfactory one.

"Ah…a gem of…P-Power."

It was obviously apparent that Reginald was lying, and lying horribly. But just to make sure Mistress Mamms then decided to try to trick the goblinoid, to actually find out how much of this conversation was truth and how much wasn't "So the great elven mage, Xasabar, sent you to me? For assistance."

"Yes that's right, Lord Xasabar, the powerful elven mage."

Mistress Mamms now let out a smile, one of sadistic victory. Reginald quickly caught on.

"He's not an elven mage is he?" asked Reginald.

"No." replied Mistress Mamms.

"Oh…well he was when I talked to him. Maybe, he can shape-shift I don't know."

"I thought you two knew each other?"

"We do…it's just that I'm not aware of all of his powers."

With a calmer look, accompanied by a smirk Mistress Mamms said, "I know you're lying, but count your blessings, because maybe you can assist me." Intrinsically Mistress Mamms was preparing a death spell that would melt the flesh from the poor little goblinoids bones, if indeed he was of no use, but if there was the chance that his creature new his way through Bigwood, his life would be more valuable then his death, because coincidentally he would be her guide.

Walking over to a shelf, Mistress Mamms opened a tiny box and pulled out a gold ring. Turning with the ring in hand she eyed Reginald suspiciously and then tossed the ring to him. Reginald caught it and studied the ring wearily. "Put it on." 

Not wanting to suffer the consequences of defying the sorceress Reginald obeyed. "You've been to the Jolly Jerk-Off? Are you at all familiar with the forest that surrounds the area?"

"Bigwood? Yeah…yeah I know my way through Bigwood."

"Then guess what my little troll, you and I are going on a journey together…I will spare your life if you become my guide. This is not a debate; so do not attempt to squabble with me. It is either this or death. But it will most certainly be death, if you cannot get me through the forest either, for my time is limited and haste is important."

Reginald looked around the room nervously before he answered, "Well, look I've been through Bigwood a couple of times, and I can tell you right now that that place is filled with peril. If we are going to go you might want to prepare for one of the most harsh environments on the face of the earth." 

"Fine. Absurak Veth Finnestlesem" Mistress Mamms moved her arms drawing out arcane symbols in the air as she spoke the cryptic tongue of the magi. When finished, a blue bolt of light shot out of her right palm and zapped the goblinoid in the chest. 

The sudden force of magic paralyzed the goblinoids body. Yet Reginald could still breathe, he could feel his heartbeat, and his eyes could move. Strolling eloquently across the floor, purposely moving her hips from side to side, and making sure her gigantic breasts jiggled with each footstep, Mistress Mamms stopped in front of Reginald and leaned forward to meet his gaze eye to eye. Yet being the ever so easily distracted individual Reginald did not let the opportunity to ogle Mistress Mamms tits slip by. 


"Listen to me you disgusting little parasite. Don't think for a minute that because I have made you my guide that we are friends or that I trust you. The reason for this departure is my business and I will tell you what I want to tell you whenever I deem it necessary for you to know something. And don't even think of trying to betray me anywhere along this quest." Mistress Mamms reached out with a sudden hand and grabbed Reginalds groin with an iron grip. All Reginald could do is groan in pain.

"For I can make things very unpleasant for you, but if you go out of your way to aid me…there can be rewards, if you catch my drift." Now Mistress Mamms was rubbing Reginalds groin softly with her hand. Reginald at this point let out a soft moan.

"Now sit tight, I have to get ready for our quest." Reaching out Mistress Mamms grabbed the golden ring from Reginalds finger and put it back in the box that she got it from. With that Mistress Mamms left the room, leaving Reginald with two thoughts. The first was the frustration of blue balls; the second was excitement for the potential reward of loyalty…if she meant what she said. 

So alone in the laboratory, Reginald waited patiently for Mistress Mamms to return, with a raging hard on, in magical paralysis.

Forty-five minutes later Mistress Mamms returned to her library; refreshed and ready to go. Instead of the dark purplish gown she had on before, with her hair down loose and free. She now wore a type of cat suit, and her long black hair was now woven into a long French braid. 

The cat suit was a suit of shiny, black, skintight leather that ran up the length of her firm, long legs to the bottom of her neck. The only exposure of any skin was her face, neck, hands, and of course her cleavage. Across the top of her mighty bosom a heart shaped hole was cut out of the suit, giving immense exposure of her enormous rack. Right below that heart was another cut out of another heart, this time inverted, and exposing the bottom half of her chesty cleavage. 

The two heart shape patterns in the suit looked as if they mirrored each other, leaving only about an inch of material between them. And that inch of leather looked to be the only thing keeping her bulging jugs from spilling out free.

On her feet she did indeed have boots, but they were not high heeled. The souls were thick and sturdy, and they looked as if they were made of a soft leather hide, dyed the deepest black, running up to her knees and clinging tightly to her form.

If Reginald hadn't been paralyzed he would have been sprouting the biggest boner of his life, unfortunately the spell Mistress Mamms had cast on him held, and all he could do was breath heavily as he marveled the beautiful and most voluptuous human he had ever seen in his life. 

"Well, Troll are you ready to go? … Oh, wait; I suppose you will need to be released from this hold spell before you can speak…or much less do anything for that matter. Astkurshan Zaw Finne."

With those last words of the arcane, Reginald felt the proverbial shackles of Mistress Mamms magic slowly melt away from his body and the freedom of movement was once again his.

"Finally, I'm able to move again. My God that had to have been the most uncomfortable forty five minutes of my life, and I gotta say you are quite the sorceress …but uh, I have to ask what was the deal with that golden ring from before and…uh, what's up with that suit?"

Mistress Mamms responded about the ring first "It was a ring of truth telling." Then sarcastically she added, "Guess what it does?"

Then Mistress Mamms looked down at herself, she spread her arms out to her side and asked, "What do you mean? What's wrong with my suit?" Then she turned toward the large mirror standing up against a wall and continued to inspect it for any abnormalities. 

Reginald then replied, "Well nothing is wrong with it, my lady…" "Mistress" interrupted Mistress Mamms as she turned her gaze away from the mirror to scowl at Reginald.

"Oh, uh, sorry…Mistress…as I was saying there is nothing wrong with your suit, it's just that it's uh really…showy." Mistress Mamms looked back at her image in the mirror and frowned in confusion. "Showy? But you can hardly see anything at all! I'm covered from neck to toe in leather! What looks so showy?"

"Uh, well…it's your…uh" Mistress Mamms quit looking at the mirror and was now back to glaring at Reginald. The look of malice in the sorceress's eyes was quite the intimidating factor, and it was more than enough to make Reginald think that dropping this whole thing was the best course of action. 

"You know what…forget it. You look fine. Nothing looks showy on you at all. My opinion matters not. Hell, half the time I don't know what I'm talking about. Ninety percent of everything I say is pretty much a bunch of made up crap." 

Mistress Mamms glare now intensified, her face turned red and her teeth began to grind. It was rather apparent for Reginald that he had just said the wrong thing…again.
