 My last submission was lazy, and I apologize for it. I am only leaving it attached to my name to hopefully leave a comparison to the type of writing I don't want to do, versus hopefully the rest of my submissions being the quality I do want to achieve. To expound; I think the content was good, but the quality of the writing was poor and extremely sloppy. I'm hoping to write a series based around this character , Kaaysa, and her companions, as well as a Horde trio of males (which will be introduced in the next chapter loosely titled "Ganked!"). For those not familiar with World of Warcraft, I hope you enjoy the story for the fantasy races and elements, and I am sorry that I use a lot of in-game references that may not have meaning to you, such as my last title "Pug's Suck!". And as always, please vote, please comment. Writers need feedback, and also fan-direction, or requests, can give inspiration! There was a significant gap between my last submission and this one, and I hope to reduce the turn-around on chapters, but I do have a busy life ( if only I could game and write all day! ). Enjoy!




It was big. Very big. No. It was massive. Yes, that was a better word for it. Fuck Elune's ass with a winter-fall potioned Ursa's cock! He's enormous! At least it looks like a normal one, just...giant! Adjectives for "big" began to roll through Kaaysa's mind, each one bringing a new feeling of dread. How was she supposed to do this? It wasn't fair for her friends to surprise her with such a huge task! When she had bet Aerynel and Shaelyn that she could out drink them, no matter what it was, but she couldn't have imagined.....this! Never in a million years would she have expected....this! No, but she had to do it. To an elite Sentinel, a bet was a bet, and she wasn't going to be bested by those two. She just hoped her love, Daeranth, understood.

Kaaysa shook her head, sending her long green hair swaying back and forth as she cleared her thoughts, giving physical action to process of wiping away her doubts so that her resolve could take over. She had only been kneeling down in front of the completely naked and restrained Tauren for a few moments, but it had already felt like hours. The nude bull-man was leering down at her, enjoying her obvious predicament. The Tauren's hungry look was causing Kaaysa to feel self-conscious of her skimpy and revealing uniform for the first time since becoming a part of the elite Sentinels. After all, her armor only consisted of what could amount to a silver metal bikini, with matching thigh high boots. Like he really needs to be tied up when I'm about to drink these dry! His arms and legs were held out wide to either side of his black and white spotted body, fastened to what looked like a wooden version of a paper-doll cutout, as her small hands carefully weighed the heavy and full sacks resting beneath the thick trunk of his cock. Elune! He could club someone to death with that thing if he had to! I thought he was supposed to be disarmed!

"I hate you guys!" Kaaysa's pout only fanned the flames of Aerynel and Shaelyn's giggling; which was not to be outdone by the mirth of the crowd that had gathered to witness her rather large "ordeal". The tent-pole tavern that had sprung up in the middle of their Alliance war-camp in Ashenvale forest was packed at almost all hours. Fighting men and women always enjoyed a good drink, and a good show even more. Tonight they just so happen to be getting a wealth both. It was also hardly surprising that word of what was going on had spread like wildfire through the camp, and the size of the audience was threatening the structural integrity of the place. Not that the Tavern-Master cared as he gleefully collected coin hand over fist from the throng of thirsty spectators. Maybe I'll get lucky and some idiot will knock a pole over, and then I can escape with what little dignity I have left....No, I was never that lucky. Kaaysa's pouting mental soliloquy was taking over her lips as they drooped into a petulant frown.  

"Maybe now you'll learn to use that big mouth of yours for something useful! Daeranth might even thank us for this!" Shaelyn's chide had Kaaysa's already pink cheeks flushing a deep warm crimson. Daeranth would certainly NOT thank Shaelyn and Aerynel for this! But they didn't care. Her fellow Night Elf and Sentinel-Sister, Shaelyn, was too busy falling all over her used-to-be, and so-called, best friend and Draenei, Aerynel, in uproarious fits of laughter. This is all a big joke to them!....and an even bigger cock for me... 

"Hmmph! Well....guess its time to put my money where my mouth is...or cock as it were..." Kaaysa let her slender elven fingers wrap themselves around the heavy and full sacks she would be 'drinking' from, weighing them one more time just to be sure they hadn't gotten any fuller....or perhaps , hopefully, less full. Each one of the Tauren's balls filled her small elven palms completely, and then some. She couldn't imagine actually downing all of the warm sticky liquid they held, or even if it were physically possible. And what did it taste like? Being a war-buddy to Shaelyn had led to her drinking her fair share of interesting liquids, but they were mostly alcoholic beverages. This was something completely different. 

With a sigh and renewed determination Kaaysa's hands traveled up to the root Tauren's long appendage. It shouldn't have, but the weight surprised her. Its almost as heavy as a gnome by itself! And its so hot! It had been one thing to see it and let her imagination stoke her anticipation with the details, and now quite another to have it directly in her hands...How could a cock weigh so much? And be so thick!? Daeranth's...No, I can't compare this to him. It's not fair after all. Daeranth's parts were meant for my parts. This Tauren's was meant for...obviously other Taurens; or horses, or cows, or maybe even a dragon..... 

It took both Kaaysa's hands to circle the Tauren's girth, only barely managing to touch her finger tips together ....He's not even fully hard yet! What the hell Elune!?  The whole tent-pole tavern had gone silent as she took the large phallus in her grasp, the quiet deepening as her hands stroked down to its middle. After several moments Kaaysa found the spot she wanted, and began to lever the large thing up to her warm maroon lips....which she had unconsciously begun to moisten excessively in preparation of the large invader, giving her the look of a starving woman eagerly starring down her first meal in days. 

The anticipation from the throng of viewers had thickened in the air to an almost suffocating stew in a short amount of time as Kaaysa tested the onlookers patience by idly exploring and fondling the Tauren's tip with her tongue. She licked it delicately, bathing the mushroom shaped head in her warm wet saliva as it began to pulse and grow. He was now at full attention....and she was more worried than ever. Oh fuck, Elune! It's so big! how is this ever going to fit? What have I gotten myself into?! 

The Tavern was dead-quiet,all eyes were upon her, as she finally began to stuff her mouth with the thick meat of the Tauren. Kaaysa stopped for a moment, her mouth straining to open wide enough to crest the ridge of his head. And as if to satisfy the horde of onlookers while she pondered what to do next, like a baby nursing a bottle she began to suckle lightly on him....and just like a baby she was rewarded with a mouthful of warm white fluid for her efforts. The Tauren's pre-cum flooded across her tongue, drenching her taste-buds in his flavor. It was definitely hotter than she was used to, and it tasted....Sweet! Why does it taste so sweet!? Daeranth's is just awful! But this Tauren's actually tastes...good? Kaaysa found herself swirling the Tauren's pre-cum around her mouth like an expensive wine, enjoying the pleasant foreign pungency before unconsciously swallowing it in an audible gulp. Oh no! I didn't just...oh Elune, they didn't just see that? Did they? She had agreed to the contest, but not to be such a seemingly willing participant, let alone enjoying the act. Daeranth would never forgive her if it was gossiped that she had actually enjoyed drinking a Tauren's sweet seed.

Unfortunately for Kaaysa the crowd had seen it, and it gave them ample excuse to break the deafening silence with a raucous cheer. The collecting of coins and furthering of wagers could be heard in the wake of the rowdy noise.....oh yes, there was betting going on. There couldn't not be. Gambling was just another thing fighting men and women loved. Almost as much as a strong drink and a show, but even better still when it accompanied both. 

Fine! They all want a show? Well I'll give them a show! They want to bet on whether I'll....

"Well! Get to it, Bitch!" Kaaysa had no time to react as she felt Aerynel and Shaelyn's hands grab each of her long narrow pink ears, conveniently using them as handles to force her all the way down on the Tauren's giant shaft in one go! 

"Aaaaaughibbrgubugbugrguburgle!" Kaaysa's muffled protest came out like the sound of a half-drowned murloc as the giant log of hot Tauren flesh suddenly filled her narrow throat. Lucky for her Sentinel training was world renowned for a reason: it prepared you for everything. Spell-casters, sword fights, tavern brawls, under-water raids, end-of-the-world catastrophes, and...... being suffocated by humongous Tauren cocks......the usual things an elite fighting force of all female Night Elves might need to be worried about.

The Tauren's mighty weapon felt like it was going to spear her stomach, it was so deep! And her jaw felt like it was going to burst apart as she struggled to open it wide enough to accept her friends "gift". Kaaysa struggled to grasp all the new sensations. No one had ever been this far in her, nor stimulated so many areas at once. Elune! I can feel his heart beat in my throat! And He's so deep, he's all the way in my tummy! Is that even possible?! But I can feel him...so warm..so hot... But she wasn't given much of a chance to get used to her sudden oral impalement before she was wrenched back, ...my ears! My fucking ears!, drawing the Tauren from the warm sheath of her neck. 

"Fuck...you...guys.." Kaaysa struggled to take in all the air in Azeroth with each new breath, her words coming out in short bursts between gasps and coughs. Who could be sure she wouldn't need it? Her "friends" did seem to be actively trying to strangle her with a Tauren cock after all!  "Sorry Love, Shaelyn and I have money riding on this! Back on the bull you go!" Aerynel sounded sincerely apologetic, but that was the way with Priests ; They were trained salesman, and could emote a convincing inflection at will, especially when they didn't mean it. At least this time she was more prepared as her friends again used her ears, ...again with the fucking ears?!,  as fuck-handles to mount her on some more hard Tauren pole. 

Aerynel and Shaelyn had gone into high-gear as they fucked the Tauren vicariously with their friend Kaaysa's mouth, burying the large appendage to the hilt inside her with every stroke. They seemed like they were going for a speed-run as they pounded her face with the large fuck-stick, eliciting a steady stream of squeals from their cock skewered friend as her pert little nose became intimately acquainted, and reacquainted, with the Tauren's pelvis over and over again. 

Kaaysa was helpless as she was literally being face-fucked by the biggest phallus she could of imagined, and still quite unsure how it was actually fitting in her. All she could do was slobber and drool over the thick shaft, slicking and easing its passage, as it drilled her. 

"MoooOOOOOOOO!" the whole of the pole in her mouth vibrated with the Tauren's enthusiastic moan; he was obviously enjoying himself...who the fuck wouldn't like stuffing their cock in my mouth? Can't blame the cow! Elune, please make him cum! please, please, please, ple-...

Her prayers were answered as the Tauren's meat began to swell and throb, the muscles within pumping the hot white liquid from his shriveling balls up through the stem of his cock at rocket speed as he erupted in the small Night Elf. Kaaysa couldn't miss the Tauren "going-off" as her stomach began to glow like after a shot of Don Carlos's Tequila. Kaaysa thought it felt kind of nice at first, she had never had that feeling before from Daeranth's release and she quite enjoyed it from alcohol, but then the small fire was rapidly stoked into a blaze as the Tauren continued to pour his nectar directly into her tummy. She was fast becoming worried as her toned abs began to tighten and protrude as she was becoming over-filled with bull-man juice...fuck! Fuck! FUCK! How much more can there be!? 

"mmph!Mmmmmph!MMMMMMMPHHH!" Kaaysa pounded her small fists against

the Tauren's thighs in the normal female reaction to being orally injected with too much hard cock for too long. As expected, it was to no avail as Aerynel and Shaelyn kept her held fast by her long ears, gleefully watching their helpless friend being topped off by Tauren cum as it began to leak out around the edges of her lips, forming tiny streams of white out of the corners of Kaaysa's mouth before...Elune!too much, Too Much, TOO MUCH!....becoming a deluge, spilling out from her tight maroon seal.

By the time the bull-man was done Kaaysa's chin, neck, tops of her breasts, and all the way down her tummy to the waist-band of her metal bikini bottoms were painted white. The copious amounts of sticky stuff had actually soaked into her bikini top and bottoms, leaving her breasts and pussy trapped in warm Tauren-cum saturated runecloth. The same soft lining of her Sentinel armor she had loved, and that had tenderly kissed and protected her sensitive areas, now had been turned against her....I hope this washes out...

"Good girl, Kay" Shaelyn's voice was accompanied by the ring of coins exchanging hands throughout the Tavern; belly-aching from the losers; the scuffle of furniture from rogues skipping out on debts; and of course the shouts of their pursuers. Kaaysa blushed as she slowly slid the Tauren's length out of her, feeling slight tinges of loss as she relinquished the hot meaty member. At least her ears were finally free, if not somewhat sore from their abuse. 

"Going to fucking kill you guys!" Kaaysa made to get up off her knees, but was stifled by the sudden appearance of more Tauren prisoners being wheeled in. A large rectangular black writing board was also being sailed through the densely packed throng. The white etched markings spelling Shaelyn's and Aerynel's name could easily be seen in bold print at the top of the writing board, with several hashes marked in scores underneath. 

"Wha-...what's going on?" she was starting to get worried now as the count of naked bull-men reached a total of ten, forming a circle around her. She also noticed that the crowd wasn't dissipating...Its over, isn't it? I "drank" him...

"You look a little confused, Sister" Shaelyn chided her as Aerynel just stood over her, grinning mischievously. " You said you could "out-drink" us, yes? Well....these are our numbers...here!". With that Shaelyn tapped the hash marks under hers and Aerynel's name. 

"one, two, three....NINE!?" Kaaysa's jaw dropped as comprehension settled over her.

"Oh nice! She gets it!" Aerynel giggled as she made light of Kaaysa's opened mouth expression, seemingly already ready to get back to work. 

"..no!" Kaaysa pleaded softly.

"Yes!" Shaelyn and Aerynel answered back emphatically.

"No! Elune, please no!" Kaaysa's whine was becoming pathetic, even to her own ears. 

"A bet is a bet! Best get to it Sister!"

Kaaysa frowned as she took a moment to examine her swollen and white coated belly, still completely full of bull-man cum.....

....Elune, its going to be a long night....