 Dawn: Jetkins had lid a fire to prepare the breakfast while Gudolu and Nesa were preparing to resume the mission. 

"I don't like this?" Nesa said worriedly. "The enemy would know we were coming."

"We can't let this go, with the Incapacitator in their hands they'll be one step closer to accomplishing whatever evil deed they are trying to accomplish," Gudolu explained.

"We even if we do succeed in retrieve the sword I highly doubt we'll be able to get out easily."

"Are you afraid to die?"

"No."

"Then as long as you aren't afraid everything will be fine."

"Yeah says the mage who can cast a barrier to deflect arrows!"

"Nesa quit your bitchin before I lose my appetite," Jetkins said calmly.

"Whatever!"

"Hey Nesa tell Elena that the food is ready," Gudolu said.

"I thought she was with you guys because I have not seen her at all."

"That's strange because I thought she was with you," Jetkins said.

"Elena!" Nesa called out.

"Captain!" Gudolu called.

There was no response so the three look around. 

"Thantor is gone too!" Jetkins exclaimed.

"What!" Gudolu said.

Nesa did not like this one bit.

"We have to find them!" Gudolu said urgently.

**** 

Elena and Thantor were miles away from the campsite. 

"So why did you ask me out?" Thantor questioned, pretending like he did not know.

"Just keep walking for now," Elena replied. 

"Lead the way then."

The two walked for thirty more minutes and during that time Thantor had the pleasure of watching Elena's ass. Elena knew this but pretended to be unaware. 

Elena stops and sits down on a log. Thantor joins her. 

"This should be far enough," Elena said.

"So," he said, "you want me to strip first or should I strip you first." 

"Sign, you're right about me of what I've become but it wasn't just you."

"What do you mean?"

Elena tells him about the five red orcs and the brown orc warden mage. She gave every explicit detail and then tells him about the dream that occurred on the boat. Thantor could not help but laugh, he clearly did not expect any of this.

"So what now?"

Elena knew what he wanted and started removing her clothes. Thantor smiled and rubbed his hands together. Here she was the sexiest she-elf alive offering herself to him yet again. 

Once Elena was fully nude, Thantor orders her turn around and walk to a nearby tree. 

Once she was at tree he orders her to lean forward and grip the tree as best she can. 

Thantor approaches her. 

He stops and spreads her legs apart. He sticks one finger inside her and she lets out a small grunt. He starts twirling his finger and hears a soft moan escape her lips. 

"You're starting to get wet down there."

He pulls his finger out and sucks it. 

"You're so delicious!" 

He sticks his finger back in, this time going in and out. Her juice starts leaking out of her cunt. This time he pulls out and puts it in Elena's face. She opens her mouth and sucks his finger.

"You taste good, don't you?"

He sticks another finger inside her while she's sucking.

A minute later he tells her to suck his penis. She removes his pants and underwear and pushes him the ground. She mounts him and kisses the tip and licks it, after that she starts jacking it. Thantor lets out a moan and places his hands on her ass cheeks. 

"This is paradise," he sighed happily.

The pre-cum appear and Elena licks up before putting her mouth on it. "It tastes different from the others, BETTER," she thought.

Thantor was licking her cunt and second later his whole tongue was in there. "It's the best cunt in the world!" He buries his face in her cunt.

Elena's mouth was filled to the brim with his cum so she swallows it and resumes sucking. This time her whole mouth went down on it till she reaches his balls.

"Such a deep throat," he thought.

She sucks faster and then a huge load suddenly shot up into her mouth. She instantly let's go and coughs some it out while the former hits her face. 

She climbs off and cleans her face. "Are you finished or do you want more?" She asks but already knew what the answer would be.

"We're just getting started. I WANT YOU!"

"You'll never have me!"

Thantor smirked. "We shall see!" He grabs her arm and forces her against the tree. She leans against it once more and he grabs hold of her waist and beings thrusting into her cunt.

They both moaned and groaned and Elena grabs his balls as they hit her with every thrust. Thantor slaps her ass his left hand and then grope her right tit and then left tit. 

"You know this feels great."

"No!" She moaned. 

"If it didn't then you would not have given yourself over to me!" He leans on her while grabbing both tits. 

"Oh! Fuck me you dirty orc bastard!"

He went faster and faster, there was no way she could deny the pleasure Thantor was giving her. They were going to fuck each other's brains out, it was inevitable. 

After a few more thrusts Elena felt his hot cum shoot into her. They both climaxed. 

"You're an orc lover," he whispered into her ear and thrusts three more times before pulling out and collapsing.

****

They took time to catch their breaths and put back on their clothes.

"We should head back now; the others should be up by now," Elena said. 

"Yeah we have to get you to the top entrance and retrieve the sword," Thantor nodded.

Elena stops walking and stood there. A gentle morning breeze hits her, causing her long blond hair to float. This carried on for twenty minutes while Thantor stood there watching.

Once the gentle breeze stops, Elena turns to Thantor. "Sign, Thantor be honest with me," she said while unsheathing her sword. "Why did you betray us?"

Thantor smirked, "This again. I haven't betrayed you."

"Then why did you use that top entrance, huh? It just happens to be where Incapacitator was?"

"Alright, alright you win, I knew about the top entrance but I did not betray you to the enemy."

"Then why didn't you tell us, were you planning to steal Incapacitator?" 

"What good is a sword if it can't kill? I had another purpose for sending you all through the back entrance."

"If it wasn't to steal Incapacitator, then what was it?"

"I knew you would survive but I was hoping the others would die."

"Oh I see you were hoping that I would be so distraught over the deaths of my friends that you would be there to comfort me."

"Exactly, you were such a good fuck, I was hoping to do you again before doing you in," Thantor answered and unsheathes his sword.

"It seems we do think alike, I was planning to kill you once the mission was finished but I got a little side track but it's out now!"

"It was a good ride while it lasted, Elena."

"That's Elf Captain Elena, jackaaassssss!"

Thantor blocks her attack. They clashed with everything they had. Elena ducks his sword swing and thrust forward but Thantor dodges it. Elena kicks him in the gut. She charges at him but he blocks her attack. Elena leaps into the air and gets behind him but he was prepared. The two were swinging their swords faster and faster.

"You won't best me this time!"

"I will get revenge for my brother you bitch even if I die too!"

Elena ducks another swing and thrust upward but he dodges but she kicks him in the right side. Thantor goes down. Elena swings but he rolls out of the way. He cuts her in the leg. Elena takes a few steps back. 

The two stood there eying each other with malice. A second later they charged and with one strike their swords went flying. Both were stunned but it only lasts for a second when Thantor sucker punch her. Elena stood there for second and feels her mouth and nose, a small stream of blood came out. She charges at Thantor but he blocks her attack and head butt her which sends her to the ground. He kicks her in the stomach. He starts to kick her again but this time she grabs his foot and pushes him down. She punches him in the face. He rolls on top but she pokes him in his other eye and rolls back on top. She proceeds to choke him. 

"Of all the SOTDs I've killed you'll be the only one I'll get a sense of satisfaction from!"

Thantor pulls a knife out of his boot and stabs Elena in the neck. However, it did only a little damage because of the lack of oxygen he had but it was enough to get her off of him.

Thantor coughs and throws his knife but Elena dodges it. He runs and reaches his and her sword. 

Elena watches as he comes at her with both swords. She expertly dodges the sword swings and goes down and punches him in the crotch. He falls to his knees and Elena grabs her sword and proceeds to thrust straight into his other eye but he grabs her blade and attempts a thrust of sword but she leaps out of the way. Thantor's right palm was cut but he ignored it and went after her. 

The two continue clashing.

"Fuck the mission! I just want to kill him!" Elena thought.

The two were now on a cliff fighting. "You'll never have me!" Elena declared.

"Oh I will have you! Have you dead! If I die too then I would not mind sharing a bed with you in the next world!"

"Well I do mind and I will not end here!"

They went two more rounds before stopping to catch their breaths.

"Ready to go again?" Elena asks. 

"That's sounds like sex," he smirked. 

"Raise you sword and let's end it!"

Thantor raises his sword and comes charging but then two arrows struck him. Thantor eyes widen in horror as he stares at the two arrows sticking out of him.

Elena's jaw dropped.

Thantor stumbles backwards and falls off the cliff. "Thantor," Elena screamed and races to the edge to save him but it was too late. She watches him fall into the water. 

Elena had tears in her eyes; she looks back and sees two Majin Hai on a peak preparing to fire at her. Elena deflects their shots and throws her dagger at one which hits the other and both fall off the peak.

Suddenly more Majin Hai appear and take a battle formation, three had heavy shields and between them were three with crossbows. 

Elena was filled with rage. "HE WAS MY PREY!" She charges at them, deflecting the arrows and leaping behind the group. She cuts them down. Ten more appear ready to attack but then one was taken out by a short axe. Her teammates had arrived. 

Jetkins bashes one with his shield, Gudolu hits one with staff and Nesa takes out two of them with arrows. 

"YOU BASTARDS KILLED MY PREY! HE WAS MINE, HE WAS MY PREY! YOU VIOLATED THE SANCITY OF A DUEL! THIS SIN WILL NOT GO UNPUNISHED; I SHALL SEND YOU ALL TO HELL!!" Elena hacks and slashes fifty of them in ten minutes but more came.

"We have to retreat, there's too many," Nesa suggested.

"I'm not going anywhere they stole my prey! Thantor was mine!"

"Don't be an idiot, the mission is a failure, they came the same way we did from the Temple of Hyradon, we need to fall back while we still can," Gudolu insisted.

Elena looked around and see that the numbers were three times the force from the Temple of Hyradon. "Fall back, fall back!"

"Don't let them get away!" A Majin Hai commander barked.

"Felicia has crossed me for the last time! I'll have her stuffed!"

The others could not believe what they just heard, it sounded like SOTD talk.

They use their elf speed but the Majin Hai's speed match theirs. 

"Damn it they're on us! Nesa screamed. 

"They're coming in from all sides!" Jetkins pointed.

Elena puts on her brakes and unsheathes her sword. 

"We can't get any further; this is where we make our stand."

The others nod and pull out their weapons. 

"It's been an honor," Jetkins said to everyone.

They nod as the Majin Hai surround them and slowly close in with heavy shields and spears and between them were rows of crossbows. Nesa fires arrows but they did nothing. "They're heavily armored!" She screamed.

The Majin Hai were preparing to attack but then a horn blows. "What? It's from Leader; she wants us to let them go," the commander said.

"But we have them right here," another Majin Hai protested.

The horn blows again.

"We cannot defy her, her orders are absolute," the Majin Hai commander said. "Pull back!"

The elves were surprised.

"We will not attack you, go home! Leader wants you alive for the Festival of Blood but if you venture to the Temple of Hyradon you will be cut down instantly."

Elena steps forward but Gudolu grabs her arm, she looks at him and he shakes his head.

"I've never failed a mission."

"Captain it would be suicide!"

"Tell Felicia to come face me!"

"Leader will come at the appropriate time, but it is not now," the Majin Hai commander replied.

"Elena please," Nesa pleaded.

"They stole my prey, this is all I know how to do!"

"Captain, think of the Princess!" Jetkins insisted.

"If I were you Elf Captain I would do what they say," the Majin Hai commander also insisted.

"If I venture to the Temple of Hyradon I will be cut down instantly. Felicia would not allow them to kill me, she would fight me one on one. If I kill her at the temple this would be over right now!" Elena thought. 

Elena attempts to run in the direction of the Temple of Hyradon but with great speed Nesa was behind her and gets Elena in a chokehold which leaves her unconscious. "We'll be leaving now," Nesa said in a serious tone.

"I thank you, it seems some of you have reasoning power, don't get me wrong I would love to kill you now but Leader's orders come first, we'll see each other at the Festival of Blood and I trust we'll have fun," the Majin Hai commander assured.

**** 

Elena awakens a few hours later. "Why did you all do this, I could have had this done! I must get revenge for Thantor!"

"He's just an orc," Jetkins said.

"He was more than that! He was much more!" 

"Well like it or not he's dead." 

"This is bullshit! And where's Nesa and where are we!?"

"An abandon village," Gudolu answered.

"As for Nesa she's been inside that bar every since we got here," Jetkins answered.

"We got no time for drinks!"

"We tried to stop her but she won't come out, been in there for two hours and she's been silent ever since we got here," Gudolu explained. 

Elena approaches the bar. "Nesa it's me, I'm going to open the door."

Elena opens the door and finds Nesa chugging down a drink and then throws the glass against the wall. She turns to Elena, her face full of anger.

"What this?" Elena asks and closes the door.

Nesa approaches Elena.

"You okay?"

Nesa suddenly gives Elena a crack to the jaws which send her flying against the door. Nesa approaches Elena who was gasping for air and picks her up and shoves her against the door. Nesa had tears in her eyes. "You daughter of a bitch!"

"What's wrong with you?!"

"What's wrong with me, what's wrong with you!? All this time I thought you didn't like guys; I thought I had a chance but no you've been fucking orcs!"

"Calm down, calm down."

"Me calm down? You two-face bitch! You've been fucking orcs!"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"You can't lie your way outta this! I figured it out, I figured out why you were defending him. Last night I awoke and discovered that you were gone so I went looking and then I heard that so-called clapping noise that I heard on the boat from his tent. I realized what it really was and then I heard the moaning, it sounded exactly like you so I ran. It wasn't long before you came back to the tent!"

"Just because you heard that does not mean it was me. I just went to be alone."

"Yeah alone with him."

"I don't know what has gotten into you but you can't just make wild accusations without evidence!"

"Listen I'm willing to forget this whole thing if you agree to marry me," Nesa pleaded.

"That is never gonna happen."

Nesa started to cry. "It's bad enough to be rejected but to know the person you care about the most would rather fuck orcs than be with her own kind is sick!"

"Why do you keep using plural?"

"You fucked that orc warden too, aggressive negotiations for two hours!"

"You know nothing about it!"

"I know that you are lying to me, lying to everyone including yourself! You've committed a taboo! I loved you!" 

"Fine Nesa fine, you've always been a whiner; I had my reasons for doing what I've done!"

"What could possibly justify the taboo you committed?!"

"It would be a waste of time explaining it!"

"So how many orcs have you fucked?"

Elena started to leave but then stops. "I was close to killing Thantor but then the Majin Hai showed up! On and off the battlefield were equally gratifying."

"I don't know you anymore."

"We're done talking and I am going home with or without you."

The four traveled swiftly on their way home. Jetkins and Gudolu could sense the tension between Elena and Nesa but did not say anything and the two didn't speak to each other; it was pretty much quiet on the way back.

**** 

All four were being debriefed by the elf king. "I see," he said. "The situation is most grim indeed. We cannot sleep at night knowing that the enemy is on our doorstep. I will assemble a force and take back the Temple of Hyradon and I want you and your squad with them. If you are the one Felicia wants then she would surely show herself."

"My thoughts exactly, Your Majesty."

"Get some rest; all of you have earned it."

"But I've failed to retrieve Incapacitator."

"No your mission still stands, it suffered a slight mishap. Now go get some rest."

**** 

"Ah this is the best wine ever!" Elena said happily.

"So how was the cruise, Big Sis?" Princess Shantora asks. 

"Meh."

"So there was no cute males there?"

"What are you talking about? You're engaged!"

"I'm talking about you, Big Sis."

"Please don't start."

"I should have gone with you!"

"Where I go is far too dangerous for you."

"So this new enemy is stronger than the SOTD?"

"It seems that way but not stronger than us and certainly not me."

"Anyway Prince Gai is coming tomorrow and with him is Darius the Earl, he's been asking about you."

"Why do you keep trying to play matchmaker? My thoughts are on Felicia, I must kill her!" 

"What will you do after Felicia is dead, huh? You deserve to be happy just like me, Big Sis."

"Alright fine, for you I'll meet with the Earl but don't expect much, I must be ready to fight." 

"I've noticed that your archer isn't with us tonight."

"It's nothing you need to concern yourself with."

****

"Captain what is going on between you and Nesa, both of you barley speak? Gudolu asks.

"Yeah and she won't talk to us either," Jetkins said.

"I don't have time for Nesa; I have to shape up for the Temple of Hyradon! If she does not want to go on the mission then that's on her! We're trained professionals!"

"Will you at least tell us what is going on?"

"Naught save Felicia, now enough of this small talk I'm heading home. Good night!"

****

"Welcome back, ma'am," Chief Servent Hina said.

Elena nods and proceeds to her bedchamber. Once she enters the door and closes it she bashes the wall with her fist. "I could not kill Thantor and now my best archer knows my horrible sin! Damn it all, maybe I should just get married and end military life. Every time I go out on a mission she's gonna be watching me, thinking I am going to screw an orc!" She thought. She yawns and hops into bed. "Things will be better tomorrow."

****

Dawn came and twenty elf royal guards came to Elena's house.

"Surround the house so no one will leave," the captain ordered.

One of the elf guards knock on the door.

"Yes can I help you?" A servant asks once she opens the door.

"Is your master home?"

"Yes, shall I wake her?"

"No we'll take it from here; you're under arrest as well."

"What?!"

Several guards swarmed in including the captain.

Elena was sleeping peacefully when yelling and screaming woke her up. "Huh what?" 
