 In the Deepcleavage Valley, there was an ancient phallus shaped wizards tower known as "The Tower of Mamms" for this was the home of the well known, evil sorceress Mistress Mamms. 

Mistress Mamms was as genius, as genius could be, when it came to book smarts, but she was about as bright as a kobold when it came to common sense. Her cruel and unusual behavior rubbed off onto her from her mentor, and mother, Melissa the Mellonous. 

Mistress Mamms was searching the shelves of her library, one day, looking for her herbalism book. 

As she searched frantically amongst the shelves her enormous bosom, that was tightly confined in a dark purple gown that looked a little to tight around the her huge tits, bounced and jiggled heavily. Even overly constricted in that super tight gown which showed off an ample amount of cleavage, they moved up and down with every one of her frustrated steps from her incredulously long legs. 

Mistress Mamms quit searching for a minute and took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and brought her hands up to her face, moving them upwards through her raven-black hair covered head. 

Opening her eyes she saw herself in a large standing mirror. She took in the sight of her impressive figure and started to focus on the full roundness of her breasts. They were magnificent. Being extremely huge (44GG in our worlds measurements) without a hint of sag, they jutted outwards and upwards. 

Her deep purple gown opened up wide at the front of her collar and ran down to just below her sternum, leaving a wide open valley of mountainous cleavage. On the right side of her leg, the gown had a slit running all the way up to her hip. She dropped her hands down to her hips and struck a sexy pose. 

Inhaling deeply she held her breath and pushed her breasts out from her chest. Her eyes widened as she saw how big she could make them, it was enough to bring a crooked smile from the full, red lips of Mistress Mamms, and a gasp of shock from a shadowy corner of the room.

Whirling towards the sound, the sorceress saw nothing but still asked a, "Who's there?" 

At first there was no answer, but within seconds a silhouetted three-foot tall figure with bat-like wings, reptilian eyes, a bald knobby head, razor sharp teeth, abnormally big hands, and a long two-foot tail, materialized while clutching a book to its chest. 

"My book, in the hands of an imp!" shouted Mistress Mamms "Give it to me! NOW!" commanded the mistress. The imp glared at the sorceress and then smiled wickedly. A plan was coming to mind. The imp held the book out with a snide grin; the mistress made a grab for it, but as soon as she did the imp and the book disappeared. 

A second later the imp reappeared laying across the top of the heavy oaken bookshelf that was behind Mistress Mamms with his long tail hanging limply over the edge of the bookshelf and his head propped up under one of his huge hands as he leaned on his elbow. Except this time he had no book with him.

"All I'll give it to you alright, I'll give it to you real good, magling." Mistress Mamms whirled around again causing her massive mammaries to bounce and shake from side to side. An action that didn't go unnoticed from the ogling little imp. Anger blocked out any perception at the sexual statement that the imp had already made in counter to her demand.

"I warn you demon, you better hand over my book or I will smite you back to the pits of hell where you came from." 

The imp rolled his eyes and gave an insolent yawn. "Such tough talk from an amateur. Really do think that I cannot see your power, mortal. It is a natural ability for one of my kind to detect magic and though it surrounds you. It only does lightly. No, if anyone could do anything serious to anybody in this room. I would have to bet on myself." 

The imp was right and Mistress Mamms knew it too. She was a powerful mage, but not even close enough to be able to compete with such a powerful creature as an imp. This being was forged in the fires of hell and served lichs and demon lords as personal servants and spies. This one must have done something great indeed to get its freedom to roam the plains alone. Such a thing was very rare, but not unheard off.

"Why then does such a powerful being as yourself" said Mistress Mamms bitterly and sarcastically "need such a simple book such as herb lore then?" 

"The book?" questioned the imp with a raised leathery eyebrow "I could care less about such a tome. Such knowledge is beneath me." 

"Oh really." interrupted Mistress Mamms "Then perhaps my lord would care to share with a fellow magic user all that he knows?" asked Mistress Mamms. 

The imp narrowed his eyes as he stared at her. "You can't be serious." He said plainly. 

Mistress Mamms narrowed her eyes back "What is it you want then, fool?" hissed Mistress Mamms through clenched teeth. 

"To strike a deal, I'll give you back your book if you let me have my way with you for one day." 

With that the imp leaped up from his prone position to both feet and his tail started to erect and change shape. Within seconds it was hard and phallus shaped. It looked just like a human cock that protruded out from his back and curved around between his little legs, sticking out at about two and one-half feet. 

Mistress Mamms gasped and brought her hands to her mouth causing her arms to press tightly up against her gigantic jugs, pushing them outwards towards the sides.

Rarely had she ever had sex, because she was to busy studying and practicing her magic, but the times she did have an occasional fling with some poor bastard, who she usually ended up killing and then turned into a zombie to roam the lower chambers as a bodyguard. 

In her entire life, however she had never seen a cock as big as this. "By the Gods, it's huge!" she finally shouted as her eyes nearly popped out of her head. "There's no way I can take that thing it will kill me!" she blurted out loudly. 

"All right, I tell you what." Said the imp "How about you suck and slobber all over my huge dong here and then let me have a crack at those wonderful tits of yours. What do ya say bitch?" Still staring at the generous rod Mistress Mamms didn't even care about the imp calling her a bitch. In the back of her mind she knew she need her herbalism book, but she also new that if she didn't comply with the little demon then she would never see it again. To find a herbalism tome so well detailed and so knowledgeable was a hard enough task in the first place she didn't really want to have to go through the burden of finding another one like she did the first time.

"All right you little bastard, you can fuck my tits and I'll suck your dick but don't you dare cum in my mouth." 

"Or you'll do what, you big titted bitch?" asked the imp firmly. Mistress Mamms didn't reply, she knew she was cornered all she could do was frown at the little demon with great disdain. The only thing that she didn't know was that her anger, and reluctance was turning the little imp on. 

Without warning the imp fluttered his leathery bat-like wings, hovered in the air for a second and flew over to a desk and grabbed a bottle of vegetable oil (a component commonly used in spells) then flew to another corner of the room and grabbed a stool, then flew back in front of Mistress Mamms and placed the stool in front of her. Landing on the stool he then dumped the vegetable oil on his cock and smeared it up and down his huge, vein-covered member. "What are you waiting for whore? Get on your fucking knees!" Yelled the imp. Reluctantly Mistress Mamms complied.

The tall busty sorceress slowly bent down to both knees. Halfway down the imp yelled "Hold and push those udders together tight and on your way down aim that magnificent cleavage canyon towards my cock!" Frowning she did as she was told and pushed her big, plump, firm titties together and held them tightly. 

As she kneeled she felt the imps greased up cock rub up against her skintight gown-covered stomach and slide upward towards her amazing ample hills. The lathered up cock left a streak of vegetable oil on the gowns material as it sliped up and it's head bumped up against the cleft of Mistress Mamms gargantuan boobs. "Come on Tits, let's get on with it!" commanded the imp as the oversized funbags were now within reach of his massive hands. 

Before Mistress Mamms could react to her new nickname, the imp grabbed both of her tits and pulled the sorceress down hard and fast to her knees. His slimy cock drove through the compressed valley of tit-flesh with such force it slipped right past the ruby red, full lips of Mistress Mamms and passed slightly down her throat. 

Mistress Mamms eyes went wide with surprise again, but this time they crossed comically as she looked at the obscene cock, that now pumped furiously between her breasts and then promptly strained its way down into her throat. Before she could get a grip on everything (no pun intended) Mistress Mamms felt pressure on the back of her head. The imp had placed both of his hands on the back of her head and started to thrust his pelvis upwards forcing more and more cock in and out of her mouth and between her, now well greased, cleavage. 

Mistress Mamms eyes went from crossed to rolling back into here head. She felt an unfamiliar stirring in her loins and her pussy juice started to lube her up. Her clitoris became fully erect and her nipples were hard, making extremely obvious protrusions through the stretched fabric of her gown. Amazing, she thought, the first time ever she actually enjoys sex and it's with a perverted little imp.

The feelings in her crotch started to build, her temperature started to rise and a feeling of unreserved bliss started to over run her anger and anxiety. "MMMMMMgulpMMMMPHH MMMMMPH MMMMMM MMMMPH!!!" She moaned loudly around the imps cock. The imp left his hands on the back of her head for balance and stability more than having to force her to suck him now. 

Mistress Mamms was getting into it on her own accord now. Her head bobbed up and down viciously on the imps cock like there was no tomorrow. The imp fucked her mouth and tits like he would have fucked a pussy. Thrusting his vein-covered, throbbing, prick with all of his might up through her tightly pressed titties and into her mouth and down her throat.

"Yeah, yeah you fucking bitch! Suck it! Suck it harder! Suck my big fucking cock! Oh yeah!" shouted the imp. Mistress Mamms surprisingly was coherent enough in her frenzy of unbridled lust to comply with the commands she received from her little blackmailer. She moved her tongue around the giant pre-cum spurting cock-head, gulping down the salty jizz as she sucked harder and harder. 

The suction on the imps cock was unbelievable "She must have done this before. Xasabar, you did real good this time." thought the imp.

Xasabar moved his hand from his hands from her head, placed them on her shoulders, and stood on his tiptoes and leaned forward as he put more of his weight on Mistress Mamms chest. 

Mistress Mamms had to slow down for a moment so she could pull her gown apart across her breasts. The two large spherical globes bounced out and all over due to the sudden bursting from there confining spandex-like prison. 

Xasabars eyes nearly exploded out from his skull when he saw the massive titties pop out like that. Immediately his hands moved to the mistress's hard nipples and he started to tweak and pull them. 

Mistress Mamms moved her hands back to the sides of her immense mounds and smothered Xasabars oil-covered cock with her gargantuan cleavage. Xasabar pulled and pulled on her huge thimble sized nipples, extending her breast out from her chest. "MMMMMMMMMMPPPPPGGGGHHHH!!!" She scream/moaned. 

The pain and the pleasure mixed was really turning her on. Her head was a rapid blur on that huge imp cock and her colossal cones sloshed noisily as they were ravaged brutally by the ever thrusting, ever relentless cock of the imp. 

Xasabar pulled even harder on her nipples as his pointy ears picked up on the sloshing of her breasts. While pinching and holding onto her nipples he violently started to shake the big boobs up and down crazily.

Up and down, up and down, up and down, the mistress's head bobbed feverishly, as she sucked like a mad woman. She felt a welling in the oversized prick, but paid it no heed. The sexual action was to intense to pay attention to anything else. 

Anything besides the wonderful feeling that had now caused a tiny puddle of vaginal fluid to appear between her kneeling legs was irrelevant. And of course besides the imps hard, throbbing, tit-abusing, mouth fucking cock.

Without warning Xasabar stopped shaking her breasts and then clenched them firmly in his large hands as he pressed them hard around his still gyrating cock. Mistress Mamms kept bobbing her head on the imps schlong when all of a sudden SPLURRT SPLURTTT SSPPLURRRTTT SSSSSPPPLLLUURRRTTTT. 

Xasabars cock erupted like a volcano. Volley after ropey volley of copious amounts of his demon spooge filled her mouth. 

MMMMMMMMMMMM!!!! MMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!! MMMMMMMMM!!! Whined the mistress, as the salty warm cum flooded her mouth. She tried her best to swallow it all but it was too much. So much semen shot up into her mouth that she couldn't swallow it all. So some ended up squirting out of her nostrils and out the corners of her mouth.

OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YYYYYYYYEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!! FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, FUCK! Screamed the imp as he emptied out his final load into the sorceress's mouth, thrusting his cock in and out of her throat with the last few spasms of his cock emphasizing each inward thrust with the word "fuck". 

Mistress Mamms pulled her mouth off the still erect penis, backed up a couple of steps on her knees and started to cough up a bunch of cum that dribbled down her chin and ran down into the deep valley of her cleavage. "Fucking A, that was great Tits!" said Xasabar with a deep sigh of relief. "Holy shit can you suck a mean dick, maybe you should give up magic and start whoring." The mischievous imp added with a sneer. 

Mistress Mamms was in to much of a daze to respond back to the insult. She simply just tried to catch her breath by concentrating on her breathing. 

"Do...do you always come like that?" she asked sincerely. "Only when I'm getting blown by a extremely large titted whore wizard who can't keep her most treasured tomes more secure." Replied Xasabar snidely. "What about you bitch? Didn't you cum?" "No not yet." Replied Mistress Mamms as her fingers started to drift down towards her crotch. 

Xasabar saw this and frowned. He turned towards the desk that held the containers of spell components and saw a chair that was in front of it. "Kirshack." He said as he waved his hand in a horizontal arc and sent the chair in front of the desk soaring through the air and into the side of a stonewall where it shattered to splinters. 

"Get your ass over their Tits, and bend over the desk facing the wall, you're going to need the support." "Huh...what?" asked the confused sorceress as her half closed eyes began to open wider, while her busy hand started to slow down from playing with her cunt. "You fucking heard me, now move, or I'll shoot a fireball up your ass!"

Grudgingly Mistress Mamms got to her feet and walked over slowly to the desk. "Hurry up!" barked Xasabar. Mistress Mamms moved quickly over to the table now, her unleashed juggs bouncing obscenely with every step. This sight now made Xasabars still hardened prick begin to throb even harder. As he looked at his, more than ready, cock. He arrogantly admired how the veins beneath his skin started to pulse with excitement.

Mistress Mamms reached her appointed designation and did as she was told knowing what was going to happen and at this point not caring, she was too horny and too curious to not want that cock ramming in an out of her swollen pussy. 

Xasabar brought the wooden stool over behind her. As he approached he admired her long right leg that was well toned and sleek as it hung outside her gowns slit. Setting the stool down behind her, Xasabar climbed on top and found him self, jaw level with her ass. He thought about eating her out but then thought again. He had other matters he had to attend, and the only way she was going to cum today was by his dick, not his tongue. With a stern nod to himself he made up his mind. "Escar Est Vondul sath bein folversone." He chanted and then the legs on the stool started to grow and hoist Xasabars body upward. The stool stopped growing when Xasabars dick was level with the mistress's cunny. 

Xasabar reached out towards Mistress Mamms gown and ripped the back part of it off with ease. It came off so clean and easy it looked as it had been removed professionally by a tailor and his scissors. 

Mistress Mamms felt a cold draft across her ass and looked behind her. She saw that the imp was now evenly level with her pussy and was stroking his massive cock and aiming towards her lips. "Careful, I've only had sex like four times in my life and no one was ever as biiIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!" Screamed the Mistress turning her head back around facing the wall. Her eyes crossed ludicrously towards the center of her nose.

"BY THE GODS...UHHHH...CAREFUL.... UHHHH...CAREFULLLLLL OOOOOOOOHHH AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH UUUUUUHHHHHHH!" Xasabar rammed his vast organ in all the way to the hilt into the tight love canal of Mistress Mamms. 

Slamming home again and again at a ridiculous pace due to a haste spell he casted on himself under his breath as the mistress was informing him of her sparse sexual counters. 

"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!" Moaned Mistress Mamms as drool dribbled out of her slack jaw and then splattered across the wall infront of her and on to her desk.

Her humungous tits bounced all over the place at a wild pace thanks to the imp pounding into her like a jackhammer. The big unleashed mounds knocked tossed papers all over the place and knocked over spell component and jars containing snakes, newts, and salamanders everywhere. 

The slimy and slithering reptiles panicked from the bosomy attack and fled in all directions slithering and crawling across puddles of spilt oils of spell workings on her desk. Some of the little buggers didn't even care where they headed and all oiled up slid right between her oily breasts. 

Xasabar saw this and quickly released another spell. The snakes that were free were harmless and toothless little Gardner snakes. The spell the imp cast was a "Control Reptile" spell and he mentally commanded the snakes to bite down hard on Mistress Mamms nipples. She let out a loud moan due to this but not as loud as the moan when one bit right onto her clitoris. 

That snake was able to get up there, thanks to a levitation spell cast by the magical imp. OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH OOOOOOODDDDDDIIIIINNNNNN!!! OOOOHHHH IT FEELS SO GOOD! OOOHHH YESSSS! Hissed Mistress Mamms.

Xasabar couldn't believe this bitch didn't cum yet. He had one last trick up his sleeve and he was going to pull it. Xasabar whipped out his cock from her pussy and redirected it to a new orifice. While feeling the little imp pressing the throbbing purplish head of his huge cock up against her winking little butt hole, Mistress Mamms turned around and yelled. "WHAT...WHAT ARE YOU DOING? NO NOT THERE!" Now with a serious frown on her face she continued, "What the hell is going on in that little imp brain of yours? You cant be serious!"

"Indeed I am Tits." Replied Xasabar. "QUIT CALLING ME TITS, MY NAME IS MISTRESS MAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMSSS." 

Disregarding her protest he shoved all two and one-half feet into her ass. Mistress Mamms whirled her head around screamed a blood curdling yell and then some how ended up having a really huge prick in her mouth. OOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMNNNNNNNN.
