 "So, are you going to put your penis in my anus now?" I asked Robin. Her member was still hanging limp between her legs. However, I knew she had a pretty quick recovery time. I can't say I was really looking forward to taking her penis into my bottom but I wasn't about to deny her. A little pain was a small price to pay for making her happy. Besides, I was confident that she would be as gentle as possible. Perhaps in time I would even come to enjoy anal sex.

She shook her head. "If you don't mind, I'd like to take a rain check on that."

That got my attention. Robin turning down sex? I was used to her half-hearted refusals at the bakery but those were all due to her fear of getting caught. And she always eventually gave in because I was only offering her something she very much wanted to have in the first place. But for her to refuse sex in the privacy of her own bedroom? "Are you feeling sick?"

She laughed at that. "What? Just because I said I want a rain check? No, I'm not feeling sick."

I quickly considered other possibilities. One in particular stood out. "Is it that sex with me turned out to be boring and you don't want to have sex with me any more?"

Her reaction was complete shock. "What? Maralee! How can you even ask that? For gods' sakes girl, I'm not planning on dumping you. I'm crazy about you, how can you not know that by now?"

I looked away from her angry glare. "I know. It's just that there's a voice in my head telling me that you're too good for me and eventually you'll realize it."

"I love almost everything about you, Maralee," Robin said, "but I'd like to kick the shit out of that voice in your head. Even more, I'd love to kick the shit out of Trina because I suspect she's the one who put it there."

I shook my head. "No, I can't blame her for the voice. She has hacked me in the past but this time she's innocent. The voice in my head is all me this time. Believe me, I checked it out but this time there was no hacking."

Robin's eyes narrowed. "What?"

"I said that this time the voice has nothing to do with Trina-"

"I know that part! What I mean is I'd like you to explain about being hacked by Trina."

"Well, she has hacked me in the past," I explained. "A few weeks ago when I visited you at the bakery after Zaxie sent me grocery shopping. That day she had hacked into my audio filter settings and slipped in a file that replaced my name with the word 'fuckshit'."

"Let me see if I'm following you correctly," Robin said. "Trina hacked you and made it so that whenever someone used your name you heard 'fuckshit' instead. So if I were to say, 'Maralee, please suck my cock,' instead you would have heard, 'Fuckshit, please suck my cock.' Am I hearing you correctly."

I nodded my head. "That's it exactly. Uh, if you want me to suck on your penis I'd be happy to, of course." I couldn't help but glance down to sneak a look at her penis, still limp between her legs.

Robin was furious. I had never seen her look so angry, her hands were clenched into fists at her side although I doubt she was aware of it. It was actually frightening despite knowing Robin would never use violence against me and even if she did she wasn't nearly strong enough to cause any real damage. "Get dressed!" she snapped while she stooped to retrieve her clothes from the floor.

I didn't understand why we should get dressed but I obeyed. "Where are we going?" I asked as I picked up my own clothes from off the floor.

"To see Doctor Eliza," Robin answered. "It's about time I had a talk with the doctor. Today is the last day that Trina will ever do anything to hurt you."

"You're going to tell Doctor Eliza about Trina hacking me?" I said, shaking my head. "No, you can't do that. All it will do is make Trina that much more angry with me and she'll make life for me even worse."

"I will smack that bitch!" she snarled. "Nobody gets away with treating my girlfriend like this!"

"No offense but how are you going to stop her?" I asked as I pulled my jeans on and buttoned them. "As soon as you leave there won't be anything to stop her from doing what she's been doing all along."

"Because when I leave you'll be leaving with me," she said.

"Oh right, I'm staying here tonight," I said, nodding my head, "but there will be the next day and night, and every day and night after that."

"Not at that house there won't be," Robin said. "Not for you."

"How do you mean? " I asked. I admit, I can be slow on the uptake.

"I mean that you won't be living at the Doctor's house any longer," Robin said as she yanked a pair of shorts up her legs and buttoned them. "Yes, before you ask, you'll be living with me from now on."

"But there's no way Doctor Eliza will permit that," I protested, shaking my head.

"What the fuck, Maralee?" Robin snapped. "What part of 'you don't need her fucking permission' don't you get?"

I shrank back from her anger. "I'm sorry, Robin. Please don't be angry with me. I would love to move out of the Doctor's house and live with you but...."

Robin heaved a loud sigh and seemed to deflate, as if the anger was a physical presence leaving her body. "I'm sorry, Maralee. I shouldn't have yelled at you like that. It's not you I'm angry at." She put her hands on my shoulders and looked into my eyes. "Do you not understand that you've been the victim of at least two felonies? What Trina did to you were federal crimes. If you were to press charges she could very well do time in federal prison."

I shook my head. Trina going to prison for hacking into my various cybernetic augmentations? The idea itself sounded ridiculous. "There's no way," I said. "No one is going to send Trina to prison for something like that."

"You just don't get it, do you?" she said. "The language is, 'Tampering with a citizen's augmentations or the control systems thereof with intent to cause physical or psychological harm or distress.' Whether Trina is guilty of committing federal crimes isn't up for discussion. Only what your response will be. Mara, just this once, let me protect you. Please."

I nodded. "Yes, okay. And thank you."

Robin stepped away from me and turned to pick up her t-shirt before pulling it over her head. "This is not something to thank me for. What sort of girlfriend would I be if I continued to let this happen to you? I should have done this a long time ago." She bent down, grabbed my shirt from where it had been lying on the floor, and tossed it to me. "Let's get this over with."

***

The ride to the Doctor's house was a quiet one. It only took a few minutes to get there in Robin's car but the silence seemed to stretch out the time. From the passenger seat I watched Robin as she drove. She kept her eyes on the road the entire time except for when we came to the only intersection between her apartment and the Doctor's house and had to stop for the sign.

She looked over at me and smiled. She didn't say anything when I smiled back but she did reach over and put her hand on my leg. I put my hand on hers and we rode like that the rest of the way.

Robin finally pulled her car into the driveway and parked it behind the Doctor's grey sedan. "Just let me do the talking, okay?" she said as we both got out of the car. I nodded and walked around the car while she waited for me before grabbing my hand and leading me to the front door.

I was about to open the door when Robin stopped me. "Just ring the doorbell, please."

Surprised, I looked back at her. "Ring the door bell? But I live here. Who rings the doorbell to their own home?"

Robin shook her head. "No, you don't live here any longer. So you need to ring the doorbell."

I rang the doorbell. After several minutes the door opened to reveal Zaxie who was already dressed for bed. "Maralee, Robin. This is unexpected. I would have thought the two of you would be very busy right now."

"We were," Robin said. "Then I found out something from Mara and suddenly I made sure to get unbusy. So here we are."

"I...see," Zaxie said, though it was clear from her quizzical look that she didn't see at all. "Well, come on in." I followed Robin through the doorway and into the foyer. The first thing I noticed once I was inside was Zaxie's erection tenting her nightshirt. Zaxie followed my stare and blushed when she realized what I was looking at. "Sorry about that, I was with the Doctor when you rang the doorbell. Just give it a bit and it'll go away."

I'm sure I was blushing as well. "I'm sorry for interrupting your time with Doctor Eliza," I said. "We can come back some other time when you're not busy." I turned to leave.

"No we can't," Robin said, grabbing me by the arm and turning me back around. "This needs to be dealt with tonight. Right now."

"My, this does sound serious," Zaxie said. "I'm guessing this will take awhile so why don't we go to the living room? It'll be more comfortable than standing here in the foyer." After taking off our shoes Robin and I followed Zaxie out of the foyer and through the archway into the living room where we sat down on the couch. Zaxie took a chair facing us. "So, why don't you tell me what this is all about."

"When Maralee showed up at my apartment she told me all about how Trina sabotaged Doctor Eliza's demonstration for a couple of corporate types today. What I didn't find out until twenty minutes ago was how Trina directly attacked the control systems of Mara's augmentations."

"You're talking about the 'fuckshit' incident," Zaxie said.

Robin glared at her. "So you already knew about it and did nothing."

I put a hand on Robin's shoulder. "It's not her fault. She wanted to confront the Doctor and Trina about it but I begged her not to. You're angry at the wrong person. If you're upset with anyone it should be me."

Zaxie shook her head. "No, Robin's right. I knew what was going on and did nothing. The fact that you asked me to remain silent was just an excuse I used to look the other way." She rose from her chair. "I can't undo what's been done or not done but I can confront the Doctor about this now. I'll go get her. She needs to hear this."

Robin put her hand on mine and gave it a squeeze once Zaxie had left to go fetch the Doctor. "Everything will be fine. So don't be nervous, okay?"

"Sure, okay," I said, despite the sinking feeling I had in the pit of my stomach. I knew that Doctor Eliza wouldn't be happy to have to deal with this. Not at any time but particularly not at night when she had just been getting intimate with Zaxie. I had always admired the Doctor from the moment I met her but I was also intimidated by her. She had made my life possible and I was about to do something that risked upsetting the delicate balance of the household.

Minutes later both Zaxie and Doctor Eliza came downstairs from the room they shared. "So, Zaxie tells me you have something you want to talk to me about. I gather it's about the incident earlier today."

Robin spoke up before I could answer. "If it was only about that I would have waited until tomorrow. "

"I'm curious why this couldn't have waited until tomorrow in any case," the Doctor said. "I hate to be crude but when you interrupted us Zaxie and I were engaged in an activity, the same kind of activity that I'm sure you and Maralee have enjoyed from time to time."

"Because tomorrow I won't be nearly as pissed as I am right now," Robin said. "Do you have any idea what's been going on in this house?"

Doctor Eliza fixed her stare on Robin. Had the same stare been turned on me it would have shriveled me into a crisp. "I live in this house, so generally, yes, I know what goes on in this house. For instance, I know that Maralee has several sketch pads filled with sketches of you that she has drawn over the last couple of years."

If the Doctor had been trying to sidetrack Robin with this revelation it was an utter failure. I was mortified and did my best to shrink down into the couch cushions but Robin was resolute. "Did you also know that Trina has hacked into the operating systems of Mara's augmentations at least once prior to today?"

That set the Doctor back. She tried to hide her surprise but wasn't completely successful. Someone unfamiliar with her might not have noticed but I could see what Robin had said troubled her. "No, I did not know that. Please enlighten me further."

"Several weeks ago Trina hacked into-"

"I was hoping that Maralee would tell me directly," Doctor Eliza said. "She's fully capable of speech so I don't see why she needs you to be her mouthpiece."

"I'm her girlfriend, not her mouthpiece," Robin replied, her voice full of the restrained anger that I was used to hearing when she talked about Doctor Eliza and the Doctor's daughter. "But I did have my mouth on her piece earlier tonight if that's what you're talking about." At that point my face was flaming and I found it impossible to do anything but stare down at the floor. So I jumped when Robin squeezed my hand and said, "Go ahead, tell the Doctor what you told me."

It was by sheer willpower alone that I looked up to meet Doctor Eliza's gaze. "It's true," I said. "My audio filter was hacked several weeks ago. Someone inserted a command which caused me to hear the word 'fuckshit' whenever someone said my name."

"So that's what the fuss was all about that morning," the Doctor said. "I was wondering what had gotten into you. It makes sense now. But what proof do you have that it was Trina?"

Zaxie cleared her throat. "Actually, I was the one who originally suggested that it was Trina. Do you think that Maralee could have been hacked by someone outside of this household?"

"It's very unlikely," Doctor Eliza admitted.

"I didn't hack her," Zaxie continued. "And I'm pretty sure that Maralee didn't hack herself. So that leaves you or Trina. Did you hack Maralee?"

"Of course not," Doctor Eliza said, shaking her head. "But that's hardly proof positive. I don't suppose you have something more solid than mere conjecture do you?"

"Actually, I think Maralee does have something fairly convincing," Zaxie said. "I told her to save all audio and video from that incident." She turned to look at me. "Sweetie, do you have anything that will convince the good doctor?"

I nodded as I remotely turned on the wall-mounted TV and set it to accept wireless video and audio feed. "I think I do as a matter of fact." I found the saved video footage from the date in question and uploaded it to the TV.

The picture on the TV showed me wearing my toolsets while working on my cybernetic hands. Obviously from my point of view.

"Hey, Fuckshit, come over here for a bit. I need your micro assembly skills." The Doctor's voice. I continued doing maintenance on my cybernetic hands, apparently unconcerned by Doctor Eliza's order.

"Fuckshit! I said I need your help! Get your ass over here!" The Doctor's voice again. I still continued to work on the hands.

"Hey, Fuckshit. What's wrong with you? How many times do I have to ask you to give me a hand?" That time her voice sounded much louder. I looked up and the image of her face, twisted in anger, filled the TV screen.

"Whoops, this is a bit before the relevant parts," I said, turning from the TV to shoot an apologetic glace at Doctor Eliza. However, what I saw was Robin glaring daggers at the Doctor who ignored her in favor of staring at the TV. I turned back to the TV and skipped the video ahead to where I had met Trina as she was walking home from school.

On the TV screen Trina was walking towards me, grinning. The sort of smile that a person might have if theyhad heard a particularly funny joke that you weren't in on. "Hey, Fuckshit,"

"Hello, Miss Trina," I said. "How was your day at school?"

"Oh, same as it ever is, Fuckshit," she said. "You remember how it was, right, Fuckshit?"

There was a long moment of silence before I replied. "Sure, of course."

"So, off to pick up some groceries, Fuckshit?" Her smile looked unnatural. Wide, brittle, forced; as if the effort of smiling had caused her great strain.

"Yes, that's right," I said.

"So, what's Zaxie cooking tonight, Fuckshit?"

"I have to admit, I don't know, Miss Trina," I replied. "Miss Zaxie gave me a shopping list but she didn't tell me what she was planning on making."

"Ah, I see," she said. "So, planning on stopping by your favorite bakery, Fuckshit?"

"If time allows," I answered.

"Oh, I'm sure time will allow, Fuckshit. Zaxie always makes sure you have enough time for your little meetings-"

At that point I stopped the video. "That's pretty much all the relevant parts. Looking back on it I understand now why she felt the need to say my name in every sentence."

"It certainly looks bad," Doctor Eliza agreed. "But I don't think it's enough to say for cer-"

Robin cut the Doctor off. "I want to see the rest of it."

Exactly what I didn't want to happen. I twisted around to look at my girlfriend. "Really, there is nothing more of interest to see."

She gave me a hard look. "I know you're hiding something. I want to see it."

Doctor Eliza nodded in agreement. "Yes, let's see the rest of the footage showing this incident."

I shrugged and did as they asked as I turned back to look at the TV.

"-with Mayweather's favorite little Asian baker. I don't know what it is about her that interests you so much. She's cute and all but she's not nearly as hot as I am. Plus, I'm sure her cock is tiny." Trina laughed at her own wit until I cut her off.

"It's bigger than yours," I said.

Watching it again on the TV I had the urge to giggle at the shock on Trina's face. An urge which I had to suppress. I made a mental note not to delete that particular section of video. I realized that it would serve as a source of amusement for years.

"What the hell?" Trina snarled after she had recovered from her shock.

"You surmised that Robin's penis is small. You are incorrect, thus I am correcting you. Her penis is both significantly longer and substantially thicker than yours. It's also better formed and more pleasing to the eye. Although, I have to admit that is a matter of personal taste and entirely subjective. It's entirely likely that some people will prefer your shorter, thinner penis." My tone was reasonable and patient, as if I were explaining something to a petulant child.

The TV showed Trina glaring in fury for several long moments before she regained her power of speech. "I will see you later, Fuckshit! You better really enjoy yourself at the bakery because you won't enjoy what's in store for you!" She then stomped around the bicycle and down the road towards home.

"Well, after today I think we can safely say what was in store for Maralee," Zaxie said.

"So the incident earlier today was actually about Maralee," Doctor Eliza mused. "I had assumed I had done something to anger her. But apparently her true target was Maralee all along."

"So you're willing to admit that it was your daughter who hacked Maralee?" Robin asked. The edge seemed to have been taken off her anger, whether it was due to the prospect of the Doctor's admission of Trina's guilt, the video footage of my confrontation with Trina, or a combination of the two I couldn't say. And it didn't much matter, the fact that she had calmed down to some degree gave me a small measure of relief. I was used to the Doctor's anger, even if I didn't particularly care for it. However, Robin's anger disturbed me in ways I couldn't fully explain.

"She's the most likely suspect," the Doctor admitted. "I'm not saying that this is proof positive but she certainly looks guilty."

Robin gave the Doctor a self-satisfied smile, as if she had won a significant victory. "In that case I'm sure you'll have no objections with my de-, er, my request."
