 Author's Note: Big thanks to J_Reader_Comics, ScreamingEagle101, and DarkPulse for their enormous help in assisting me with editing this freakin' behemoth. They gave great advice and caught a shed-load of errors. Thanks guys! Also, this story is huge. I thought about breaking it up into smaller chapters but decided that some of my long time readers have waited long enough. Thanks for all your support and nice messages over the past few years. Hope you like it!

* * * * *

Gregory held his bruised flank whilst limping toward a large rock embedded in the earth. The clash of battle could be heard rising up throughout the clearing in which the rock sat. His left eye stung mightily, and his left knee didn't seem to be able to carry his full weight. Slumping himself down on that cold stone, he released a deep breath he'd been holding in for a while. Fresh pain tore through his ribs, but the humid air felt good in his lungs. It wasn't as if he couldn't deal with a little pain after what he'd been through recently.

Looking out across the glade, he couldn't help but smile to himself at the sight of The Runts training. They'd been at it for almost a month, and their progress was in plain view. Nullik and Frelki always sparred together because they moved so damned fast these days that no one else could keep up with them. Wrut and Frun also faced off, and their devastating blows were the cause of most of the noise rising up in the glade. Ulf had been Gregory's sparring partner, and had been the one who gifted him his injuries that day. Now he sparred with Algra Strongblood, who had offered her assistance in training the pack with her own brutal methods. It seemed like she was going easy on Ulf, since Gregory had managed to dish out almost as much punishment as he'd been given.

"Watcha doin'?" A familiar voice called out from behind him; almost making him fall off the rock with surprise given that he didn't think there was anyone else around.

"Jan, you nearly gave me a fucking heart attack." He clutched his hand to his chest, not over his heart but instead over his ribs which felt like they'd knifed his inner organs when he'd tensed up.

She seemed to take that as a mission accomplished. An impish smile crossed her gorgeous features before she gracefully climbed up onto the rock beside him. In an instant she made her painful surprise all better by kissing the side of his face that wasn't swelling up and then turning to regard the training session in progress. She'd brought several flasks of water from a nearby fresh stream, dumping most of them for the pack before she'd crept up on her quarry. Keeping one for him, she immediately un-slung it from her shoulder to offer it over as soon as she was comfortable.

"And also, I love you." He gratefully took the offered flask and popped the cap before taking a few glugs of the very welcome cool liquid.

"Well I just want you for your body," she retorted with another playful smirk whilst he drank. "How's it going out here?"

"Good." His lips finally parted with the flask to take another deep breath that made his side burn afresh. "Great even. I was hoping that the new weapons might help a little, but the guys have adapted to them like I'd never dreamed. Look at that!"

She followed the direction of his arm as he gestured across the way and saw what he meant almost immediately. Frelki and Nullik had sensed the session coming to an end and had apparently decided to go all-out to try and get a victory over the other. The result was like watching two miniature tornados going into battle. Janette marvelled at the blinding speed at which they attacked, but Gregory was amazed at the reaction times and instincts that allowed them to parry and dodge at that velocity. 

"Wowza," Janette watched with genuine appreciation. "So, when are you going to teach me to do that?"

Gregory let out a little laugh at the question, but stopped when his ribs once again reminded him that laughing was a bad idea.

"I'll let you know after I figure it out." He was pretty fast himself, but trying to fight Nullik and Frelki these days made him feel like he was sparring with a blender.

"I'm serious, Greg!" she turned back to look at him.

He returned the favour and shifted his gaze to her before taking another drink of water to buy himself some time. Meeting her gaze had been a mistake. It was way too easy to get lost in those bright blue eyes of hers. This experience was usually followed by the word 'no' leaving his vocabulary altogether. It also didn't exactly help that she was wearing only a couple of very skimpy garments. They could generously have been described as a sort of bikini, and more accurately described as dental floss with delusions of grandeur. For all intents and purposes, the stunning redhead might as well have been sitting there naked with her plentiful assets on display. In an effort to control his steadily growing libido, he closed his eyes tightly and shook his head before refocusing his attention on the sparring.

"I know you're serious, and if truth be told I don't think that you learning some self defence is a bad idea. I just don't have the time right now, or the energy for that matter." He took another drink from the flask.

"Ha! You had enough energy to come home last night and nail me to the tent post. Don't give me that crap." She folded her arms across her large breasts and glowered at him.

"It's not-" He'd been about to start an argument there, but immediately saw he was on the losing side of it and decided to close his eyes and regroup. "Ok, fair point. You're right. It's more that I want to stay focused on this right now." He gestured out across the glade. "I spend most of my downtime thinking about what we could do to improve. We've come a long way but I still have no idea if we'll be able to win a proving match. Plus, to be honest if I started training you I don't think we'd get a lot done."

Her resolve softened slightly at that, and the fact that he wasn't going to argue with her about it. In truth, she'd expected more protest on the grounds that she shouldn't be fighting. It was the kind of macho-bullshit that she was used to from men, but Gregory hadn't seemed to mind about the idea of her training to fight. He just didn't seem to think he was the guy to train her.

At that moment, Algra had noticed them talking together, and the distraction momentarily caused her to lower her guard with Ulf. The younger orc immediately picked up on this and delivered a powerful blow to the right side of her jaw. Unfortunately for him, she didn't go down because of it and the blow brought her attention directly back to the matter at hand. It also had the alarming effect of genuinely pissing her off, and Ulf suddenly found she wasn't fighting to educate anymore. It became horrifically clear just how easy she'd been going on him, as she threw aside her weapon and planted two devastating jabs in his ribs. He tried to swing at her, but that only resulted in more pain when her fist proved to be much faster and far more accurate in finding his jaw. He staggered backwards. The matchup was already over, and Algra swept his legs out from underneath him to finish the job.

"Enough!" Gregory called out before his mate could continue her brutal lesson. "Alright guys, I think that's enough for today. You ok with that, alpha?"

Ulf had been trying to scramble backward to get away from her and urgently nodded his agreement. Algra gave him a short nod before turning away from Ulf and toward Gregory, a small and slightly evil smile lifting the corners of her mouth that only he was allowed to see.

"Why don't you ask her?" Gregory turned to Janette.

"Who? Algra?" That took the wind out of her sails.

"She sure taught me a lot about how to fight."

"Greg, I was there a lot of the time she was training you. It seemed a whole lot like she was teaching you a lesson in how many different colours it was possible to beat into the human face." She nibbled her lower lip as Algra approached.

"If you want to fight well, then there will come a time when that's actually helpful. If you're in a real fight, you need to learn how to deal with pain and keep going."

"Yeah, you must be a real expert by now."

He laughed and leaned over to kiss her cheek, and that eased the nerves from her features.

"Algra?" he called out to her as she got within earshot. "How would you start to train Janette to fight?"

The orc lifted her brows slightly, and stopped to consider Janette for a few moments before answering.

"I've seen her dance. She learns well. I'd begin there."

Janette blinked at that before turning to Greg for an explanation since getting Algra to elaborate was like trying to get water from a stone.

"I think she means the repetition of the movements. It takes a long while to train yourself to move in the right ways before you can start sparring. Otherwise you just wind up hurting yourself or your partner. It's a bit monotonous, but it's where you begin and it doesn't usually involve risking a broken nose. Well, not unless you're really bad at it."

"Oh, I guess that doesn't sound so bad then. You don't mind?" she asked him.

"Why would I mind?"

"It's not a very girly thing to do, I guess." She shrugged. Freddie would have hated the idea.

"Yeah, you know me so well. I'm all about filling out proper gender roles in society." Greg rolled his eyes. "In fact, what are you doing sitting here? I'm sure something around camp needs ironing." The smack to his arm came quickly thereafter. "Fucking ow!"

"Asshole." She smirked.

Algra took that moment to hoist herself up on the rock and perch her delectable behind on the opposite side of him to Janette. She'd plucked up one of the water flasks and took a few long gulps before pouring some over her head. Once she'd gotten herself all wet in that little fur outfit she favoured, she turned and pulled Gregory into a fiery kiss. Ever since she had become his mate, this little ritual had been repeated every time she joined him.

He'd noticed a few changes in their relationship since he'd taken up the orc idea of becoming life-mates with Algra. Orc society was structured around a system of the best fighters being dominant over the weaker ones. Almost every orc he'd met served a stronger one, who had usually beaten them in a challenge of single combat. By sheer luck, along with the element of surprise, and perhaps the fact that Algra wasn't in her right mind, he'd managed to become her master.

Now that had changed. As mates, they were equals and as such they were both master of each other. It was his right to tell her what to do, and her right to do the same. As such, she no longer needed to appear subservient around him, and often made a point of showing everyone who owned him. The orcs also had a similar system to the orcish battle challenge for each time they disagreed in order to determine who was right. Because of this, Gregory made a point never to disagree with Algra.

It said a lot about how much she valued Janette that the orc warrior sat on the opposite side of him rather than simply taking her preferred position in straddling his lap. Once their tongues finished their dance, she settled against his side. Her plentiful breasts pushed up against his bicep, and she leaned across him to give Janette a lighter kiss by way of greeting. Gregory's trunks started to feel several sizes too small after the two kisses, and he momentarily wished he hadn't ordered Algra not to take his cock out when the others were around. It had been a good idea at the time. Orcs didn't really understand the concept of modesty all that well.

Gregory saw that the others were now assembled before them, mostly smiling with amusement. Frelki had a slightly different expression, and her eyes were fixed on the bulge in his trunks. He made a point to look away from the slender beauty, and shifted his attention to the others.

"That was a good session, guys. I think we can head on back to the proving grounds tomorrow. Make sure to cover up the new toys. We'll come here first to warm up and then use the clubs out there so no one catches on to what we've been up to. Let's give the first pack Ulag throws at us a shock, eh?"

There was a murmur of agreement and some shared nods amongst the pack.

"Great," he continued. "Let's get a good night's sleep then. I'll see you all at sunrise here tomorrow."

They departed, and he watched them leaving and falling into their usual habit of sharing advice and talking about the session they'd just been through. It was a relief to see them like that. They were excited, and they were adapting well to his ideas about changing their game out there.

"You should be alpha." Algra spoke up once the rest of the pack were out of earshot.

"Not this again. Look, I told you that I'm more than happy with Ulf as alpha. He's done way more than I have in getting the others on board with all this. Besides, he's more experienced. It's him who usually goes around giving everyone pointers and getting them thinking about what they're doing."

"Then he is good captain, bad commander," she replied simply before turning back to him.

This wasn't a new argument. Algra was fiercely proud of the work he'd done with the pack, and didn't feel it was right that Ulf would get the glory. Gregory didn't much care about glory, but he wasn't stupid enough to tell Algra that. Her entire society revolved around it.

"I think we all know the answer to this problem," Janette helpfully piped up before beating her fist against her chest. "I should be the alpha."

"She's right," he nodded without missing a beat. "The woman has a knack for bossing me around. She'd be great at it."

Algra's lips curved up into an amused smile that she clearly didn't want on her face whilst discussing such a serious matter.

"Oh yeah, and since we're talking about things I'm not comfortable with, can you please stop telling other orc women that I'm great in bed?" He shifted his attention from Janette back to Algra, his tone becoming somewhat annoyed. "I've had a few of them come sniffing around the camp looking for me to see if the rumours were true."

"You should fuck more. I not tell others that my mate is good in the rut. I tell them my mate is good anywhere." Algra noted somewhat fiercely.

Janette burst out laughing at that so hard that she almost fell off the rock. Gregory's arm slipped around her waist as he saw her teetering, and she happily settled against his side. Then, just because he could, he reached out with his other arm to do the same with Algra who happily pressed herself closer against his flank.

Ever since he'd stepped into the orc encampment with Algra Strongblood at his side, he'd noticed that quite a few orc women tended to look at him with what he'd thought of as suspicion. He was an outsider after all, and the idea of an orc woman taking up with a human was unheard of. They might have casual relationships that led to casual fun for all involved parties, but they never made such dalliances official. One night he'd mentioned the newfound attention he was getting to Algra, who had informed him that many of the females in the camp probably wanted to see if he was as good as the rumours suggested.

A skilled lover was almost as prized in orc society as a skilled warrior. This was because the females went into heat at least once per month, and during this time they required a great deal of sexual stimulation. Plenty of the males couldn't quite keep up with this demand, and that also explained the orc tendency toward polygamy. One of the reasons Algra's former mate, Rowun Strongblood, was one of the most renowned of his kin was his ability to keep Algra satisfied without assistance.

When she had returned from her self-imposed exile with a human, the interest in Gregory had grown considerably; especially when it became clear that she wouldn't take any other lovers. He hadn't realised it, but he'd been amassing quite a bit of respect amongst the orcs. This amplified when it came to light that he and Algra had been mated, and she no longer felt the obligation to allow his silly attitude to stop her from proclaiming him as the extraordinarily talented lover that he was.

For the past few weeks, she'd been trying to get him to take a few of her friends so that the rumours and her bragging could be confirmed. This kept him on his toes when he was walking around the camp, keeping an eye out for horny orc women wanting to tempt him into a dark corner and test his reputation.

"Ok then, I promise that as long as it's alright with Jan I'll have as much sex with your friends as you like." Gregory heard the somewhat strained note in his voice when he said that and wondered what the hell was wrong with him.

"Hey, it's fine with me. Just as long as I can watch." Janette flashed him an impish grin whilst her hand slid down his chest to tug at the hem of his trunks. It didn't take much before his cock burst free of the leather confines and up into the warm air. "I was a little jealous for a while there, but it's not like you aren't keeping me happy. Besides, I think you nearly orgasmed me to death the other night. Sometimes it's nice to be able to tag in a partner."

She winked over to Algra, leaving Gregory at a loss for words as each of them reached out to stroke his cock. Algra's hand wrapped around the base and slowly slid up and down whilst Janette teased her fingertips around the engorged tip.

In times such as this, he knew what was expected of him. Both of the sultry females were determined to show off. It was his job to sit back and appreciate their considerable skills. Since the beginning of their time together on Arolius, they had gotten very skilled indeed.

Janette relinquished her hold on his cock to allow Algra's lips to descend over its tip. Slowly, he felt her take him against her tongue and along to the entrance to her throat whilst gently suckling him all the while. The way her tongue began to massage his hot length allowed him to just about keep enough of his wits to appreciate Janette disrobing. The fiery-haired girl had caressed her hand across his chin to draw his attention before slipping out from beneath his arm to crouch on the rock beside him. He watched as she playfully reached behind her back and unfastened the string that held two triangles of fabric in place over her nipples. It was already strained against the considerable weight of her bountiful tits and, as soon as it was loose enough, the string sprang forth to allow the entire garment to collapse into her cleavage.

The sight of her bare tits was enough to make his mouth water in anticipation. Large, yet firm and gorgeously rounded. Each capped with a light pink nipple atop the creamy globe. She must have read his mind, because after giving him such a stunning view she knelt forward to press one of those pink nubs against his lips. A little yelp escaped her lips when she felt his teeth tighten upon her nipple, and a soft moan followed as his lips sealed about it and he sucked lovingly at the offered delight.

Janette's hand slipped through Algra's hair whilst she enjoyed Gregory's mouth at her breast. An ecstatic gasp soon followed when she felt his hand slip between her thighs. Her knees were parted upon the stone, more than enough to give him room to slide her tiny thong to one side and press his fingers against her hot pussy. Rather than focus on the little pleasure button, he plunged his fingertips into her welcoming folds and massaged the slippery flesh within. His thumb eventually did find her clit, but it teased rather than pushed her toward release. The contact was light and infrequent, sending little shocks of pleasure up her body and perfectly complimenting the rhythm of his fingers inside her. 
