 The Mission - The First Day

The dawn grew as swirling mysts uncoiled from the dense foliage of Caver's Wood. A lone, brave soul stood among the birches and elms surveying the countryside before him. Bright green eyes flashed through the lengthening white blonde locks as they spied a distant caravan headed east toward the markets of Avermare and Colsta. It was a fine morning for Quintin Arveras and the young cleric felt the swelling of his spirit at the birthing of the day.

He felt something else swelling as well and could not help but give a rueful grin down at himself. Had he still been in training at the House of Tun, his home the past ten years, he would have sought out a "sister" already and hopefully convinced her that bouncing on his lap so early in the morning would awake the goddess Tunci, the mistress of Luck and Fortune, to a pleasant sight thus ensuring both devoted followers her extended grace for the rest of the day. True, most of the sisters at the House of Tun were wise to his tricks but there were still a few that didn't mind too much riding his early morning excitement properly endowed as he was.

"Not too big," his favorite sister, Mesha, had said after one particular romp, "not too small. You, my dear Quinitin have the goddess' own luck when it comes to tools for bed...now if you'd only learn to use them properly!"

This teasing would often have the effect of producing the stamina for a second romp which Quintin half suspected was Mesha's intent all along.

Still, Quintin glanced out over the valley from his short perch among the trees, there was much to do and this being his first day of his Mission, the rite of passage that every follower of Tunci must complete in order to be considered her favored, and he was in desperate need of relief from his morning stress. Pulling on his thick hide armored vest pained him less than the gentle leathers of his leggings over his morning frustration. His heavy mace and shield strapped securely to his back and the rest of his belongings tucked neatly away in his rucksack and the young cleric was set to begin his day even if it meant ignoring his before-breakfast desire.

He was just coming down from his makeshift campsite on the edge of the wood when Quintin spotted a clear stream flowing between twin rock outcroppings just south of the main road. Feeling fortunate to find icy water to help cool his morning heat the young cleric made his way down to the water and began to strip off his garments. 

A quick dunking in the frigid brook and his desire began to fade however, just as Quintin felt the sensation abating he made a discovery that quickly reversed any progress the cold water had gained. There, just on the other side of the two rocky outcroppings bathed a lithe, dark skinned beauty that Quintin instantly identified as an Elf. He watched in rapt attention as her smooth limbs and lean form moved through the shimmering water. His morning discomfort was once again in all its glory now freed of the leather breeches.

Now Quintin was a learned human by human standards and he knew from his training that Elves as a general rule were far more aware of their surroundings than even the most cautious human so that fact that he was now peeping in on an Elvin maiden bathing caused him no small amount of excitement. Finally, after what seemed an eternity the lithe female turned to face him fully as she stepped up on a small rocky incline in the middle of the stream. Quintin drank in her fully nude form; dark nips, rock hard from the cold water he assumed, set on soft looking breasts and a bald pubic pallet and all her skin the color of deep red wood. Long, black tresses fell all about and stuck at random to her tanned hide while large oval blue eyes stared directly at him.

Elves were no longer the creatures of legend, unapproachable and mysterious. While still mysterious they're culture had long ago set to integrating with the other goodly races and while the tales of their great race, the High Born Elves of Malvineo, the common Wood and Luna subsets were occasional visitors to the human markets. Quintin had only ever seen male Elves but now staring back into the beautiful blue orbs he found himself forgetting his own nakedness as he stood and climbed over the outcroppings before standing in his revealed glory, boldly returning the fierce gaze of the Elvin maiden.

"I am Bikih." Her voice resounded like a lark's song in Quintin's ear and he couldn't help but notice her eyes shift to take all of him in and they lingered on his erect manhood.

"I am Brother Quintin...I have begun my Mission." Quintin wondered why he'd mentioned his reason for being there as though he were giving her cause for his having watched her bathe. 

Bihik smiled soft and beckoned Quintin toward her. He immediately stepped into the icy stream once more but the chilled water did not seem to reach his excitement. Bihik seemed pleased by this and as he reached her rocky incline she reached out a hand which Quintin took instantly.

"Carry me there 'Brother'." Bihik's tone held a bubbling amusement and Quintin followed her nod to a soft looking grassy embankment along the side of the stream.

With careful ease, the larger, stronger Quinted hefted the naked Elf into his arms which caused her to instantly attack him with her lips. It proved distracting to say the least as he attempted to return her kisses while still heading for the embankment she had indicated. Quintin was tempted to simply stop moving through the thigh high stream and take the Elf then and there but his will won out over his instinctual self and they made the embankment in what had to be record time.

Quintin now concentrated on the maiden in his arms as he laid her gently onto the thick mat of tall grass that grew along the stream. Crushing her against the soft makeshift mat the young cleric quickly forced his lips down and around the hard tips of her small, soft breast. Giving each nip special attention he soon had Bihik moaning and writhing beneath him and though the Elf proved surprisingly strong he still managed to lower himself still more to her taunt tummy before covering her midsection with suckling kisses and ticklish licks.

While he covered her body in kisses, Quintin's fingers moved up under her to gently massage her bald pussy which was already wet, either from the stream or her own juices the young man cared not at all. He slowly worked one finger between her lower lips and found her exceedingly tight though her inner muscles were flexing at a tremendous rate. The initial entry caused Bihik's moaning to cease as she convulsed in a silent orgasm and suddenly Quintin's hand was covered in her nectar.

Smiling to himself, Quintin quit the Elf's midsection and lowered his tongue yet further until he was teasingly brushing the top of her clit. Bihik groaned as she came down from her initial orgasm and Quintin timed his actions well for just as she began to moan again he slid his tongue slowly into her honey cave. Her inner muscles convulsed in ecstasy and she came again, this time flooding Quintin's mouth with her sweet juices.

Quintin contented himself awhile longer with his oral pleasing of the Elf maiden he been so lucky to run into bathing and Bihik came two more times before pleading through her panting for him to let her return the favor. Quintin obliged and back up off of her bald pussy giving it one more parting tickle before laying back, his elbows propping him up to watch as the lithe figure visibly composed herself before crawling in between his legs.

His human sized organ was obviously larger than a normal Elf's, seeing as Elves are on average a foot-and-a-half shorter than the normal human and easily seventy to a hundred pounds lighter, but if Bihik was intimidated she didn't show it. Instead, she attacked his cock with the same passion she had attacked his lips as he carried her from the stream. Using both her small hands and a liberal coating of saliva Bihik had him lathered up and was pumping him closer to his own orgasm in nearly the same amount of time it had take him to bring forth hers.

Unable to bear the thought of being finished before he felt his cock inside her Quintin gave her a pleading tug on her shoulders that Bihik didn't resist. The Elf allowed the young man to physically lifter her toward his chest as she slipped a hand back to position his manhood at the entrance to her inner reaches. Quintin released her on instinct and Bihik lowered herself gently onto his tip which stretched her greatly. The Elf maiden winced and Quintin saw the look of pain mixed with lust flash across her dark face but before he could say a word she pushed down, burying his cock deep inside her.

He was only halfway in but the tightness of her pussy and the thickness of his cock prevented him from going deeper initially but Bihik wasn't accepting that result and began to slowly bounce up and down on his pole, each time down he slipped a little deeper inside. Quintin's cock was on fire and he felt her inner muscles twisting and wrenching his member in all kinds of intensely wonderful ways. The young man knew himself well and knew that the moment she pushed all of him insider her he would be unable to hold himself back for fear that her pussy would simply tear him off at the root.

"I'm going to cum!" Quintin attempted to inform his Elvin mistress but it came out as a primal growl that was answered by Bihik with.

"So am I!" The last coming out as a scream as she gave one final push and buried his member fully in her spasming slit.

White hot cream burst forth from the tip of Quintin's cock filling Bihik's belly with his man juice even as she erupted for yet another earth shattering orgasm. Quintin collapsed on his back, the soft grass catching him in its warm dry embrace and Bihik followed him, laying out on his chest his quickly softening member still deep inside her.

"Well my journey begins with luck after all." Quintin mused to himself as his arms reached up to wrap around the exhausted Elf. "Now for a quick nap and maybe a second turn with the angle Tunci has sent for my first day."

*-* 

Quintin awoke, to his displeasure, alone. Bihik had disappeared in the few hours he'd spent dozing beneath the rising sun and while he was still naked the young cleric discovered his body had been cleaned thoroughly and his belongings brought to his side from where he'd left them up the stream bank. The lithe Elf was gone and though Quintin had an inkling of how it was she had come to be bathing in the stream at the same time as he could not help but think of her Elvin beauty as he dressed himself.

It was several hours after midday when Quintin spotted the half dozen shanties that made up the way station of Sevrel's Stop. His empty stomach grumbled at him but the young man did his best to ignore his hunger and made his way casually into the building with a sign over the door reading, "Bastard's Way Inn" in old faded red paint. A common stop for road weary travelers and Quintin was not surprised to find the small common room was indeed already teaming with several travelers still on their way to somewhere.

"Hoy! An here I thought you'er want'n it!" The gruff growl of a salty old dog already deep in his drink assaulted Quintin's senses as he stepped in off the road.

The grizzled veteran was slumping over an unseen figure who was doing their best to push him away but the nasty old drunk was only becoming more aggressive. Quintin caught the eye of the proprietor and ordered himself some of the house's watered down ale, found a stool and settled in to watch the show.

The drunk seemed to have the upper hand, his bulk overpowering the person underneath him but suddenly that changed as a muscled arm thrust up between the man's legs and with a hand like an eagle claw took a grip on the man's vitals. A harsh squeeze had every man in the room giving the scene a sour face even as the old drunk crumbled beneath the pressure. His gasping breaths grew more haggard as the hand released him and a boot replaced it for the split second it took the assailant to deliver a sharp kick. Now every man gasp quietly to himself as the unfortunate drunk crumbled into a convulsing ball.

Quintin's eyes roamed up from the pitiful man to one who'd bested him and found himself staring into the softest brown eyes he'd ever come across. She stared back at him, all the room apart but for a solid moment they stared unashamedly into each other's eyes. When the moment passed and she broke contact Quintin's gaze was met by just as happy a sight as he drank in her figure. She was short, this he could tell despite her being seated on a stool, but was almost perfectly shaped. A large bust that peaked just slightly out the sides of her leather armor and oh how they looked milky soft. Her hips too flared giving her a fine looking backside that Quintin took full advantage to witness as she turned away from him. All clad in soft and hard leathers, none of which fully contained her creamy curves, she was an instant desire in the young cleric's loins.

"I wouldn't mess wit her lad." The tired old innkeeper whispered as he refilled Quintin's mug with the bitter swill he'd been choking down. "Take it from Ol' Ned, young Mazie is trouble for any'a man that dares ta try her."

Quintin nodded absently and continued his visual inspection of the luscious vixen and Ol' Ned just shook his wizen head and stumped away.

The young man stayed for another hour, slowly methodically taking in Mazie's every curve and line. The girl noticed him staring and more than once threw a glare his way every time she caught him. The fact that he hadn't turned away in shame at being found out frustrated her to no end and she had only been able to stand it for an hour more, thus predicating Quintin's own leaving of the Bastard's Way Inn. When he exited the run down tavern he'd spotted her on the road for Vello to the south. While the young cleric's "Mission" was to seek Trunci's favor in some obscure way he knew the chances he'd be taking traveling to the city ruled by those loyal to Marysh, the goddess of Light. Marysh followers were not too fond of the more outlandish actions and chaos the followers of their goddess's sister seemed to carry with them.

Pushing aside his dubious thoughts he made after the young woman. They walked, separated by a mere hundred paces for three miles before she decided throw him a displeased look and after a few more steps turn around to challenge him outright.

"Alright ye maggot! Come try yer hand and watch it broke off!"

Quintin was stunned by the fury in her voice and a little at the Dwarven inflections in her accent but he couldn't stop his nature so he met her anger with a self confident smile. Hoping to lessen the chance of actual combat, Quintin held up his empty hands palms up and away from his mace and shield.

"Easy my girl. No need for hostilities."

Mazie blinked in surprise at his easy tone and a light of suspicion replaced the fury in her beautiful brown eyes. They stood now only a few feet apart, Quintin having never slowed until he was almost upon her. She eyed him up and down before returning to meet his gaze and with doubtful frown poked her dainty chin at him.

"Who are ye? And what'da want?" Quintin smiled at the hesitancy in her voice.

As a cleric of Trunci warriors were often drawn to brothers and sisters during their Mission and Quintin could already feel her animosity toward him dissipating. Deciding to take the proverbial bull by the horns, Quintin launched into his story.

He told her all about his Mission, about seeking his goddess's favor and how it was long and laborious trek across the known world seeking that which would please Trunci the most. He left out the bit about meeting and mating with Bihik, he didn't know why but Mazie didn't seem the kind of girl to have known very many Elves. Not that Quintin did either but why muddy water? As his mentor, Father Yancy, had taught him.

Mazie took his story in with growing interest and soon her brown eyes were shining with dreams of adventure and maybe a little something else if Quintin caught her soft smiles and blushing cheeks as any kind of sign. When he'd finished she was quiet for a time before nodding her head and coming to a decision which she announced to Quintin much to his pleasure.

"I will travel wit ye and protect ye from all that might be seek'n ta harm ye, this I swear by the Lava Horn of Corbish!" the last was uttered with a depth of sincerity that touched Quintin's soul even if he had no idea what the "Lava Horn of Corbish" was.

The young cleric graciously accepted her offer, though he wasn't certain it had been an offer, and the newly paired adventurers began again making their way toward Vello. This time they traveled closely together and talked most of the afternoon away, both regaling the other with tales they'd heard and generally avoiding direct flirtation. 

It was well on to dusk when a small village not more than a half day's journey from Vello came into view and the smells coming off the cooking fires caused both adventurer's to being to salivate. Quintin's luck held for his first day on the Mission and he and Mazie found a sympathetic farmer who had suffered a hard winter and now hoped that giving sanctuary to a follower of Trunci would reverse his fortunes. After the man served a magnificent quail dinner Quintin dearly hoped his goddess would indeed bestow the man some luck in the coming seasons.

After dinner the old farmer led the pair out to his barn and told them not to worry that his small pack of dogs would warn them all if any wolves or goblins attempted to sneak up on them. Quintin and Mazie thanked the man and made themselves at home among the hounds. While Quintin valiantly volunteered to sleep with the dogs in hay stack at the back of the barn Mazie retired into the loft and made a bed among the bails of spun cotton the farmer would use to cover his seed so as to keep the birds from ruining his livelihood.

The night was only just begun but both claimed they were tired and so retired early, Quintin all the time wishing he'd had a second go with Bihik as he felt his manhood stir. With the farmer being alone and thus, no daughters with which to romp with the young cleric was left staring up into the loft at the young warrior's long brown hair as it hung down from her bed of bails. He imagined her every curve and was glad he had taken the time to really inspect her as his imagination slowly undressed her. 

His imaginings were beginning to cause him discomfort when a soft moan came from the loft that alerted Quintin if not the dogs. One old hound looked up at him as he rose to move beneath the ladder leading up to the loft but quickly slumped back to sleep when Quintin didn't immediately go for the can containing dried meat strips the farmer treated his dogs to no and then. He listened intently at the base of the ladder and heard the moaning again echo down to him. Sensing something was amiss, if he was honest he was sensing with his cock if anything, Quintin slowly took one rung at a time up the ladder until his head peaked over the lip and beheld a magnificent sight.

Mazie squirmed atop her makeshift bed, stripped completely bare and had a hand caressing her small tuft of brown pubic hair while her other hand fondled her large, shapely breasts. Quintin watched in amazement as she squirmed and let out a soft moan, briefly spreading her thighs and giving the young man a first rate look at her fingers working feverishly at her pussy. 

Coupled with his own earlier imaginings, Quintin was in no shape for the little peep show and stealthily pulled himself up into the loft where he silently disrobed as Mazie brought herself to another quiet orgasm. He waited patiently for her to come down from her orgasmic high before easing himself onto the bed beside her. The young woman met his gaze with glossed over eyes and her little mouth opened in a silent protest that spoke more about her desire than anything else.
