 Chapter 1 - Rochelle's Visit 

Rochelle came to a stop beside the doorway, with her face inches away from the scanner.

The scanner made a few beeps, then said in an electronic female sounding monotone "SCANNING."

A grid of red laser light fell upon Rochelle's unmoving face while the scanner made some more computerized noises.

"SCANNING COMPLETE." said the box on the wall. The door opened and Rochelle walked through to a room filled with massive computer terminals and consoles. She walked toward an examination chair with a pretty brunette standing next to it. She smiled blankly with a clipboard in her hand as Rochelle climbed into the chair and came to rest.

"Hello, Rochelle. How was your day?" said the brunette as she turned away to press some buttons and make some settings on the console behind them.

"My day was fine. Thank you." came her emotionless reply.

"Did you have any trouble getting to work?"

Rochelle paused and blinked. "The roads were icy, but I managed to navigate them without error."

"No problems with any social interactions today?"

"No. All social interactions were executed as expected."

"Please remove your facemask, Rochelle." said Maria as she turned her attention back to her.

Rochelle moved her hands up to her head and placed them on the sides of her face. She then pulled it right off her head to reveal a complex array of flashing lights, microchips, transistors and wires over a series of circuit boards that held two big round glass eyeballs and a speaker. She put the realistic plastic mask on her lap as Maria readied some connecting cables.

"I am going to download data from your visual and auditory memory banks into the main computer for processing and evaluation." Maria said.

Rochelle said nothing and remained still as Maria plugged a few cables into connection ports built into her head. The flashing multicoloured LEDs made some synchronous flashes, then began making regular patterns. Computerized beeps emanated from the same high-definition speaker that generated her voice and the sounds of her breathing.

Maria carefully analyzed the data on the monitors as it flashed by at an inhumanly fast speed. "There seems to be an anomaly within your visual and auditory memory banks." she said. "Rochelle, interrupt data transfer."

Rochelle's lights went dark, then flashed simultaneously again. "Data transfer interrupted." she said.

Maria pressed some more buttons on the console behind them. "Rochelle, please unbutton your blouse and open your chest panel." she said as she unplugged the cable's from Rochelle's opened head.

Rochelle did as she was instructed. With the removal of the connecting cables from her head, the LEDs again flashed in a seemingly random way. Maria made another set of connection cables ready to plug into Rochelle's chest. Once the panel was open, she plugged them in and turned back to the console to press some more buttons.

"Rochelle," she said, "enter diagnostic mode."

All the flashing lights in Rochelle's openings came on solid and stayed that way. Her speaker emitted a monotone, electronic sounding version of her voice, saying simply "DIAGNOSTIC MODE." 

Maria turned her attention to the data on the monitors. For several minutes, neither of them moved as the main computer investigated Rochelle's inner workings. Then, a long string of code flowed past on one monitor.

Maria turned to Rochelle and said "It appears that your optical system has suffered a critical malfunction. There is no checksum data stored from 14:38 to now." She turned back to the console and pushed more buttons. She unplugged the cables from Rochelle's chest and packed them neatly away. "Rochelle," she said "Please detach your head."

After a few beeps, Rochelle put her hands on the sides of her head and lifted it away from her body. The flashing lights were still going, powered by the head's own power supply. Her long reddish-brown hair draped over the metal connectors in her neck as her arms held out the faulty device to Maria.

She took it and walked in her built-in sexy way to an examination table. She gently laid the head on the table facing down. Then she grabbed the hair on the back and lifted a rectangular patch of skin away to reveal the cavity containing the cylinder-shaped power supply. Her finger deftly pressed a button inside the cavity and the flashing lights went off. She gave the cylinder a twist and removed it from the head to lay it down on the table beside her. Then she picked up a long slender screwdriver and with mechanical speed loosened four screws in the corners of the opening. The head split front to back as it was opened up, hinged at the top. 

Maria looked down and performed a full spectrum scan of the inside. She soon spotted the damage. Some circuitry had been rendered inoperable by excess heat. She stood up straight and still for a moment then walked over to the communications console. She pressed one of the buttons down and called "Attention Robot Lab Six. Attention Robot Lab Six."

After a few seconds, a voice came back "This is Robot Lab Six. Laurie reporting."

"Laurie, please prepare a replacement Rochelle robot, series 558, for tomorrow's experiments. Activate the robot as soon as possible."

"Yes, Maria." said Laurie.

Maria walked back to the table and began dismantling the head. The rest of Rochelle sat unmoving in the examination chair, a few lights still blinking in her chest, her facemask still in her lap.

Over at Robot Lab Six, Laurie strutted sexily over to the curved glass booths that stored the replacement robots. She quickly identified the unit to activate and walked over to the console to do so. Moving in the exact same manner as Maria, she pressed a sequence of buttons on the console. The front panel of glass split and separated on the tube containing the backup Rochelle.

With the standard blank smile on her face, Laurie walked over to the robot and opened her chest panel. She pressed the power button and waited as the spare Rochelle booted up.

"Rochelle robot number 729011B activated." she said emotionlessly, standing still and staring ahead.

Laurie Closed the chest panel and said "Rochelle, please sit down in the chair beside the data exchange console.

The robot stared out blankly and said "Yes, Laurie." She walked stiffly toward another examination chair and sat down.

Laurie walked over to the console beside it and spent a few minutes making settings and pressing various buttons. She then turned to the recently activated robot and said "Rochelle, please open your chest panel. 

Rochelle's fingers opened up the panel as Laurie led the connecting cables from the console to her chest. She sat still with a couple of lights flashing in the panel as Laurie inserted the cables.

"Rochelle, begin download of program SHBP2-7b.T83." Laurie commanded.

"Yes Laurie." the robot responded. The pattern of the blinking LEDs in her chest changed from time to time while the computer fed her new programming into her. This stream of data was the standard human behaviour program, version 2.7b. it would enable her to appear passably human in most circumstances.

For several minutes, neither Laurie or Rochelle moved, the only thing that changed were the lights all around the room and in Rochelle's chest that blinked on and off.

Chapter 02 - Rochelle's Visit 2

"Download of programming complete." said the spare Rochelle as the pattern of flashing LEDs in her opened chest panel changed once more.

Laurie unplugged and packed away the connection cables and turned to work at a different console for a few minutes. After that she turned to Rochelle and said "Please install and execute program SHBP2-7b.T83."

"Yes Laurie." she said. Her lights turned off momentarily, then came on solid while a series of loud beeps came from her body. After several seconds of this, she announced "program SHBP2-7b.T83 installed and executed successfully."

"How do you feel Rochelle?"

"I feel fine. I am ready to function in Human Simulation Mode."

"Good." said Laurie. "Please close your chest panel and get dressed in garment series 6D. Report to Robot Control Station 2 for additional programming."

"Yes Laurie." said the newly activated Rochelle as she reached up to close her open panel. She turned her beautiful naked body and walked gracefully toward the staircase. Laurie remained standing in the same position, unmoving. Her eyes were still aimed at the same point in space, her static expression was still displayed on her face as Rochelle exited the basement and the lights went out. 

Not long after, this Rochelle emerged from the unassuming looking suburban house. She was dressed smartly in a stylish light blue skirt and jacket combo with a frilly white blouse and natural coloured nylons. Her matching heels clicked as she took the keys from her purse and walked toward the parked minivan. She got in and started it up.

Her head pivoted from left to right, surveying the situation as traffic law code was loaded into her memory. All of her systems and programs were running smoothly so far. Her optical scanners zoomed in on the details revealed by the mirrors as her processors analyzed the data and issued commands to her servo motors. The robot drove the van to the edge of the driveway and gathered more data before proceeding down the road to Robot Control Station 2.

The trip over was also smooth, with no serious problems cropping up. These complicated androids had been tested and retested to ensure their competence while operating heavy machinery. Rochelle was far more dependable in that respect than any human could be. No feelings of pride over this fact had been programmed into her, though. She parked the van in this other house's driveway and found the keys for the door without any feelings at all running through her advanced circuitry.

She opened the door, walked through, and locked it behind her. The layout of the house was also programmed into her, so she didn't waste any time in finding the basement door. 

As soon as she was downstairs, Maria put down her tools and said "Hello, Rochelle, how do you feel?"

The new Rochelle stood still and responded "I feel fine. Thank you."

Maria turned away from the worktable where she had layed the various parts of the original Rochelle's body. "Please sit down beside the main computer console." she said as she walked over.

"Yes Maria." said Rochelle as she went and sat down.

Maria readied the connection cables and said "Please unbutton your blouse and open your chest panel."

Rochelle did as Maria ordered, and the programming scene was repeated. This time, the new Rochelle was updated with the old Rochelle's data and memory up to the previous day. All of that robot's experiences with people and situations were copied into this new chassis. Today's data was still untransferable, so this pretty version would have to fill in some blanks at the office tomorrow.

With the data transfer complete, Maria unplugged the cables and put them neatly away again. The spare Rochelle sat staring straight ahead with her chest panel open while Maria went back to work on the partially dismantled original.

Chapter 03 - Rochelle Goes To The Office

The replacement Rochelle robot arrived punctually at the office the next morning. She made her usual greetings with the help of her advanced feature recognition software, and made her way to the elevators.

For the last three weeks or so, Rochelle had been working as a personal secretary for Thomas King. This man was the regional vice president for a major software company. Rochelle had been manufactured, programmed and placed for the purpose of espionage. No heterosexual man could resist her factory-standard charms, especially not a pig like Mr. King.

Rochelle got into her shared office, hung her coat and sat down at her desk. While her machine body moved along according to the dictates of her lightning fast CPU, She chatted with the slightly more senior receptionist, Kim.

Kim was blonde and also very pretty, but a little ditzy. That served to show Mr. King's hiring preferences. There was only enough work for one person, so the two women often had nothing to do. Those were the situations when Rochelle's software really shone. She could out-test Turing himself with her conversation skills and highly articulated facial expression capabilities.

During all the time they had chatted and talked, Kim had never been given any reason to think that Rochelle was anything more than a pretty and intelligent young professional woman with exquisite manners and impeccable taste. She had even become fond of Rochelle as a friend, though of course Rochelle's robotic nature prohibited any reciprocal feelings. To Rochelle, Kim was just one more human, the likes of witch she had been programmed to deal with efficiently and effectively.

About an hour into the morning, Mr. King arrived. He was late and a little drunk, as usual. 

"Miss Prantov, I need to have a word with you." he said to Rochelle as he bypassed Kim and walked quickly toward his office. The door was shut firmly behind him.

"You're in trouble." Kim half-whispered.

Rochelle rolled her eyes using a predetermined subroutine with semi-randomly selected parameters. "What else is new?" she said to Kim as she got up and straightened up her clothes. The appearance of a deep breath before she went into Mr. King's office was another nice touch, courtesy of her sophisticated programming.

Upon her entrance into the boss's office, he pressed a button on his expensive looking phone and said "Kim, hold all my calls and meetings please." He got up and took off his finely tailored jacket.

"You needed to speak with me Mr. King?" Rochelle said, her face projecting a look of innocence.

"Mr. King?" he said as he approached her. "What happened to Tommy?"

Rochelle's facial expression mechanism changed to indicate slight puzzlement. 

"After what we went through yesterday, babe, you should be calling me Daddy!" he said as he swooped in to hold her in a lustful embrace.

In an almost unmeasurably small fraction of a second, Rochelle's processors had compiled the available data from the day's events so far and extrapolated several situational possibilities to explain her boss's behaviour. Her probability algorithms had determined that the untransferable files held within the original Rochelle robot must have included data referring to a sexual experience between that robot and Thomas King.

So she immediately began returning his advances. Mr. King must have gotten quite intimate with the other Rochelle the previous day, because within minutes he had this one sitting up on his desk with her skirt up and panties down. Her hardware worked flawlessly in this mode as she emitted sounds of heavy breathing and moaning while her body temperature raised to appropriate levels. Fluid reservoirs within her abdomen kept her artificial vagina lubricated while Mr. King's greedy tongue flicked playfully at her electronic clit. He rubbed her sexy nylon covered thighs while he drank in her realistically tasting and smelling juices. 

Her camera eyes and microphone ears recorded all the passionate goings on between the two while her processors sifted rapidly through gigabytes of data to compute her every move. Servo motors, actuators and artificial flexors worked under increasing pressure to carry out the myriad instructions flooding from her CPU. The grand cascade of complex computations finally coalesced into a perfectly executed electromechanical orgasm. All of the robot's sexual systems functioned in unison to give Mr. King the gratifying flood of sensuality he had been waiting for.

Next, with almost no time to let her electronics cool down, she was bent over his desk while he pushed his little executive prick in and out of her tight plastic pussy.

"Yeah. This is how you like it, isn't it?" he said.

"More, Tommy, more!" she gasped, trying not to be too loud. The data she was collecting now would be very valuable to Robot Control.

Thomas King was quick to come, so Rochelle was too. He bragged like a complete fool about his prowess as they wound the session down and made themselves look professional once more. It was a good thing Rochelle was not programmed to experience shame.

He gave her a quick kiss and a slap on the behind as she walked toward the door. "Back to work, Toots." he said with a wink. From within her computer brain was formulated a fitting response. She blew him a kiss.

She exited with a down look on her face, as if she had done something wrong. This was for Kim's benefit. There were few human expressions that her facemask couldn't mimic.

"How'd it go?" asked Kim in a hushed voice as she leaned forward.

"He really chewed me out." said the robot.

Chapter 04 - Rochelle Goes To The Office 2 

Rochelle spent the rest of the day talking to Kim, chatting with other coworkers, and even doing some work. That was no problem at all for her advanced AI systems. Every now and then, she even went to the washroom to release the coffee and pastries she had consumed. The reality was that she had been hired to look good, and this task she passed with flying colours.

Thomas King spent the rest of the day in his office. He had work to do for a change. He wasn't doing it, but he had it. He had made it a point to stay in his office so that he would look busy. For hours upon hours he putted a customized golf ball around the office carpet. He kept score and even bettered his swing by all the practice, so at least the day wasn't a total waste for him.

Rochelle could hear the putter striking the ball. Her already hyper-sensitive hearing, coupled with digital sound extraction methods and advanced acoustic analyzing techniques enabled her to focus in and hear many things to which the humans around her were oblivious. That was how she learned about "Project H". Thomas only spoke of it by that name to his boss, and he hadn't said much about it. It was three DVD-Rs full of unreleased and valuable proprietary software that he was supposed to check. His resume had been explicit in stating his qualifications to do this, but those qualifications were as false as Rochelle's displays of affection. His dad got him the job.

Thomas didn't like to think about the fact that he couldn't actually do what he was hired to do. Good thing for him he had scotch to make him feel better. By the time 5 o'clock rolled around, he knew he was in no shape to drive home. He clumsily put on his suit jacket and sat back down. He leaned heavily on the desk and more or less fell onto his arms by the phone.

"Miss Prantov," he said after finding and hitting the right button, "Can you come in here?"

Kim, who was busy getting her coat on, looked back to Rochelle. They shared a knowing look at the pathetic slurred voice that had come over her phone. He was an obvious and sloppy drunk.

"Hope he doesn't keep you long. See you Monday Rochelle!" Kim said as she waved goodbye.

"Have a good weekend!" said the artificial woman as she watched Kim exit. Rochelle searched for and retrieved a file from her memory banks. The last time Mr. King was drunk like this at 5 o'clock, he had just asked the robot to drive him home. For a fraction of a second, Rochelle's electronic brain computed the possible scenarios that might arise. She was like a supercomputer playing chess this way. She methodically went through the most likely permutations and combinations of events that might occur. She then indexed those according to which would be likely to get those 3 DVD-Rs into her hands.

With no appreciable time lost, she entered Mr. King's office. While she made eye contact with him, she was able to visually scan her entire field of vision for any sign of those 3 discs. The few discs she saw lying around were placed in such away as to make them unlikely candidates for top secret and highly protected material. "You look relaxed, Tommy." she said. Her facemask smiled.
