 *************************************

Sensor Technician Jeroth "Jer" Andres stood on the edge of the landing pad, his grey eyes watching the ships come and go around their holding area. He brushed his dark-brown hair away from his long face. He'd have to go by the ship's barber soon. He stretched his lanky frame, feeling a little sore from the workouts that were now mandatory for a ship in full gravity, but it was returning a little muscle to his chest and arms. He was no Adonis, but you didn't make it into the Space Corps by being a couch potato.

The red sun shone down and the trees were a little odd, but there was something that just made you think it should be more 'alien'. Several species that hopped, walked, flew, or undulated around the yards. Most ignored the humans, except for the few that stopped by to trade. Sometimes he'd talk to one of the fellow crew, Kathy Denov, who he'd hoped to have a 'shipboard romance' with. He'd made a few overtures, but while she seemed interested, she seemed a bit shy, and eventually he dropped it. It seemed to make her uneasy, so rather than spoil his chances, he'd watch her, and figure out what or where he stood. 

That night they got ready for a party the aliens were having. Language was still a problem; they'd picked up a lot, but some idioms and phrases were still beyond them. It turned out the humans weren't in all that much trouble; they had ignorance on their side. Here, ignorance of the law was an excuse. Since they had to maintain a skeleton crew, a lucky few crew members were going to go to a party being held by the aliens. Those not so fortunate watched from the ports of the view-screens as they left.

Soon they arrived at the party. It seemed to be a regular party, almost like Earth. Tables, chairs, drink dispensers, lots of chatter and gesturing. Except for the assortment of alien species around, it could have been on any of the System planets. Jer saw an alien in a corner, observing him. She was dressed in some light, loose clothing, almost normal by human standards. Her skin seemed a little more flesh-toned than the others and her head was tilted in an interested way. For someone that obviously wasn't human, she seemed to be very much a woman. He went over to speak with her. The light coming from torches outside showed a spiky hairdo, 9 fingers and who knew how many toes, a few extra joints in her arms, and a velvet-like skin. The fact that it was an iridescent green didn't take away from a certain femininity and exoticness. 

"Hi," he said, "I'm Jer. What do I call you?" He asked. 

She smiled and replied, "I'm T'ress, and I've been interested in interviewing you".

"I'm pleased to meet you, T'ress" he responded, "I've never talked with an alien before".

"There's so much about you to learn." she said 

"We want to learn how to interact with your species. I look up information and impressions on new arrivals."

"What is your function aboard your ship? "she queried, and her olive-green eyes seemed to sparkle slightly. Jer found himself captivated by her gaze. Seeing that she wanted an answer, he came back to reality.

"Sorry, I just never realized how much in common we seem to have. I'm a Sensor operator, and data archivist. I keep track of the facts we learn on our Voyage."

This seemed to please her. She looked up at him and chuckled. "A well-ordered mind. I knew there was something of you that appealed to me." 

Sensing an opportunity, he asked her "And what do you do?" 

She looked him up and down, almost grinning. 

"I'm not sure that your people have a description of what I 'do'," she said. "I'm like you, a gatherer of information. I study other cultures, but I also collect experiences and sensations."

She regarded him, and he noticed a slight change. He wasn't sure what it was…

"There are things that transcend species; common knowledge, common hopes, common longings," she said.

As she spoke, he was intrigued the fullness of her lips. He didn't remember her having them before. There was another imperceptible change. She was regarding him with a slight sense of amusement. 

"Is there something wrong?" she asked. Her gaze traveled up and down his figure with a bemused but interested expression.

He looked her up and down in the same way. How could he have missed the curves of her breasts? Breasts? She didn't have them before. Her grin grew wider as his gaze traveled her body from delightfully curved legs to her captivating eyes. 

"There must be something in the drink. I think I'm seeing things" he muttered.

"I could swear you're becoming human. Is there a drug in this drink?" he whispered.

She moved closer to him, almost touching. 

"Let me take you somewhere interesting. No harm will come to you, and I will explain everything". 

Taking his hand in hers, he noticed at least that hadn't changed much except to become softer and warmer to the touch. He followed her and left the party. 

They walked through the city, the alien streets gleaming softly from some internal light source. There was a certain aversion to right angles, but it seemed that shops, businesses, and other buildings were much the same from planet to planet. It almost felt like all you would need would be a guidebook to get around with. 

There didn't seem to be many people about, and not much sense of police or other observations going on. Every step begged another question, about the neighborhood, the people, the businesses. T'ress answered as best she could, laughing over the mutual misconceptions each had of what a 'normal' society looked like. Jer felt like they could be good friends, in an alien-human sort of way. He had a nagging itch to ask her just what sort of friend she'd like to be, but for now he'd play it by ear.

At last they came to what looked like a well-kept collection of overturned flowerpots. The individuality of each just seemed to whisper 'houses', so he figured they must be going to her place. That was a relief, he was worried they might be heading to a laboratory or something. Shades of 20th-Century bad sci-fi movies.

They walked hand in hand down a narrow alleyway, through corridors and finally came to a doorway, which opened as she waved her hand in front of it. The place was decorated in some sort of theme, but he couldn't figure out what. It was obviously designed for luxury living; there were pillows everywhere, and finely detailed artwork in the translucent windows. The lighting was reddish, but a little bright, and seemed to change color slightly as she entered the room. There was a long, low bench or bed, which appeared to be almost infinitely adjustable. There was a control panel of sorts next to it, and some cables leading to the bed. Two large ceramic jars sat next to the bed, fairly large, and intricately detailed. There was a pattern on them of aliens and her species, almost like ancient representations. He couldn't figure out what they represented, but they seemed be a central part of the room. She closed the door then asked him to sit down. She sat down next to him.

"I'm a Morphant," she said.

"Is that the name of your people?" he said.

"My people are from a different evolutionary model than you. Our species are not predatory, we're adaptive. Over time we became able to change into different shades and shapes in order to mimic our attackers, and to hide among them. Our abilities to change made us invaluable as ambassadors. It's something we have become quite good at."

She ran her fingers in slow, languid circles over his temples. It felt so soothing. He listened to her tell of various races, and how they stimulated themselves. It seemed that the drive for sex was nearly universal. Soon her body changes were complete.

Long dark hair flowed like a waterfall past the smooth skin of her neck, gathering speed as is flowed down her back. Her cleavage was expanding in front of his eyes, her breasts increasing to much more than a handful. The flare of her hips was seductive, captivating him with an increasingly hourglass figure. He could see her skin change color, from its former green, to a tanned bronze.

"You like what you see?" she murmured. "I need you to close your eyes again."

"Think about what most pleases you about your females."

Jer began to think of all the girls and the women he'd ever slept with, every exciting moment under the sheets from his start in school, up through his adult life. His mind lingered over each former girlfriend or date, all the best moments he'd had with them. He could almost feel her watching him in some sort of strange way. It wasn't like telepathy, but he could feel he wasn't alone. Behind it was her feather touch, bringing out every hidden desire and fantasy. Finally she drew her hands away from his scalp. 

"I never realized. You are one of the more fortunate races I've encountered. So much variety and ways to pleasure each other. It's amazing you had time for a civilization with all these options. You have much to trade. Now open your eyes."

He opened his eyes, with a look of lust he hadn't felt since he was a teenager. The smoldering gaze in her eyes told him she felt the same way. 

She reached down, and took his hands in hers. With aching slowness she stood back, and teased him down to the bed. She then reached down to one of the jars and began to drink. He watched in amazement as gallons slid past her full and sensuous lips. When she set the first one down, he wiped his brow. 

"You must have a hollow leg," he groaned as she winked at him.

"Two, actually. I'm only halfway done." 

With a quick motion she set down the first, then continued until the second jar was drained. He could see some slight swelling in her legs, but if he hadn't been watching he'd be hard pressed to see the difference. She set down the second jar.

"I've seen what you want, in your mind. I know what you want, and how you want it. I can give it to you like you've never felt before. Kiss me," she breathed. 

He bent down to her bringing his lips to hers, the two of them almost melting into each other. Her eager arms enfolded him. He could feel her hot nipples on his chest, her thighs grew close and hot as she rubbed up and down over his cock. Her tongue parted his lips, as they began to explore each other.

"I like this kissing. Kiss me again."

She moved her body against his. Her hands found his, and moved them to her breasts. They were so firm and big. In fact they were still growing. He could feel the warm flesh expanding beneath his fingers, the nipples pressing into his palms. He looked down at them and saw them swell against her clothing. He grabbed her hard tits and rubbed them. He heard her breath catch, and her hands pressed him even more into the expanding globes.

They felt great; he already found them larger than his hand could reach around. To be honest, he was having a hard time thinking at all. The top of her dress was straining, and he felt a button pop away as her body fought against its' restraints. He quickly undid the clothing, fighting against the tension across her chest, until they were free. He rubbed his fingers up and down over her hot nipples. He felt her hips began to sway as she encouraged him.

"Suck them." she sighed, "suck those tits. Please". 

Her arms came to rest behind his head as she pulled him forward. He began to suck, and was rewarded by some delicious liquid leaking from their tips. Whatever it was, it made his cock even harder against her. He drank deeply of the strange nectar, feeling even hornier than when he started. 

Pulling back, her chest heaved with excitement. She looked down at his pants, and deftly began to remove his belt. For someone who'd never done this, he was amazed at how fast his pants hit the floor. She pulled off the shorts and watched his rigid member spring proudly outwards before her. Slowly she lowered herself in front of it, opened her mouth, and tongued slowly from the head down the shaft. Her eyes found his, and she gave him a look that only made him hotter. She burned with a desire to suck that cock as if it was the most important thing in the world to her.

Her full lips slid back as her tongue continued to touch every sensitive part of him. Her mouth opened and she slowly slid him in, inch after inch. His cock was completely engulfed by her mouth. She closed her eyes, and moaned softly around the thick shaft. 

He felt her tongue do impossible things as it licked around his erection. She began an insistent suction around the shaft, her head beginning to bob back and forth as she watched his reaction. Her talented tongue was everywhere at once, running over every inch of him, as her wet mouth pistoned back and forth. Every nerve of his cock was screaming in pleasure, and a low moan escaped his lips. She smiled around his hardness and began to move more quickly. 

Jer didn't know how much more of this he could take. He felt the gigantic tits rub against his legs with each stroke, bobbling and moving with a liquid motion that was impossible to ignore. Her rock-hard nipples dug into his thighs as she ministered his rigid shaft, her eyes speaking volumes of lust as she went down on him.

He had to sit down or he would fall over. She leaned forward and licked the precum juices from the head of his organ. The trickle of fluid made her hungry for more. He knew this wouldn't finish until she had drained him dry.

Already his hips were swinging back and forth, trying to fuck into her face, and she was encouraging him for all it was worth. His balls seemed to grow larger and he listened to each slap of them as they hit her chin. She was moaning around him, licking up his preliminary secretions as she begged for more. A few more strokes; that would be all it needed. He felt her finger slowly travel down his perineum to slide between his asscheeks, and enter him from behind. She began to massage him from the inside. It was all he could do to stay on the bed. He felt his nuts draw up, and the boiling feeling of an incredible climax as his cum start to leave them.

"Oh shit, I'm gonna come." he cried.

Her eyes caught fire with anticipation. It was impossible to hold back any more, and he felt her suck even harder at it, until he exploded into her mouth.

"Oh yeah. Suck it, suck it, suck it!" he growled.

His shaft swelled out more than it ever had, his come rocketed up through his body into her waiting throat. The effect on her was electric. He could feel her grabbing his shaft and milking every drop into her hungry gullet, wave after wave of sticky come sliding past her tongue and down her throat.

"I can't believe how much I'm coming!" he groaned, as she fisted the last remaining drops from the end of his cock. She looked at him with the lewdest expression as she kissed the tip gently, and sighed.

"Not bad, not bad at all. I like that. I think I'll have to do it again, soon." 

She started to fondle his balls. He reached down and took her hand, and winked as she looked up in surprise. "Again?" she asked.

"Hon, I don't want to give you false ideas about what men are capable of. They may be able to go on one right after the other in stories, but even real men need a bit of rest. Why don't I return the favor? Show you how a man can please a woman the same way you did for me"

She nodded quickly. "Yes, I'd like to experience that. Please do that for me". 

She sat down beside him, and dragged his hand over her now-swollen tits. He let his hands idly travel over the wonderful flesh that filled her chest. He moved his palms and fingers over her neck, her chest, her arms, touching every inch of naked flesh he could reach. Her eyes closed, and her head went back slightly, and she groaned softly.

"I love to feel you touch me. I'm enjoying this so much." 

"Have you ever considered turning down the lights?" he whispered. As he worked on her shoulders, he felt her rock back and forth in time with him. She opened one eye inquisitively and regarded him

"With less light, you rely on your touch, it heightens the pleasure". 

She nodded and lowered the lights, laying back. Her arms went back on the bed, and her legs parted, showing the moisture already forming there. His hands moved slowly down her body, over her stomach, over her legs, always moving closer to her sex. He paused for a second and murmured in her ear.

"I don't think I can equal what you've done for me. But I'll do my best"

"I do not expect you to have the abilities I have shown you. But I know this will be interesting and pleasurable". 

Whatever she'd learned about humans, she didn't skimp on the details. His hands grew ever closer to her pussy, and he watched her shudder in delight as he softly stroked her pubic hair. It felt just like it was supposed to, soft and springy, rippling under his fingers as they descended into her. He ran a fingertip over the edge of the lips, as she closed her eyes and sighed in pleasure. 

"You know, you could tell me what you like," he said. She tilted her head towards him. 

"Especially the first time, it's considered good form by a man to please a woman, to find out what she likes. The thrill of discovery, the sharing of knowledge, you know?"

"We Morphants are endlessly adaptable. I can have pleasure from any point on my body by moving my erogenous areas to anywhere you touch. Just pay attention to where you would on a human woman, and enjoy yourself. I know I will," she chuckled 

Each sharp intake of breath and soft groan excited him even more. "Oh yes," she said, "Just like that. It's so good" she breathed. 

He brushed the short pubic hair, over her labia, and down the insides of her thighs, as she began to run her hands through his hair. He felt her fingers stop and start on his scalp as he kissed up the inside of one leg, and down the other. Always drawing a bit nearer and then he parted her swollen pussy lips to enjoy her at last.

He felt strange stirrings under his hands as he parted her, and tongued her clit as he felt it begin to rise in front of him. Her hands never left his head, but he was used to that now. He began with long, slow licks up the sides of her cunt to taste the salty juices that had already started to flow around them. It almost tasted like the wonderful liquid from her breasts, and he scooped it up with delight. He darted his tongue tip back and forth across her erect clit. It seemed almost alive, pulsating slightly under his probing. Her hands drew him closer to it as he began to weave complex patterns over her whole sex.

"Oh. Oh yes," she groaned, as he began to lick her in earnest. 

She was superbly responsive, as his mouth descended into the soft area between her thighs. He sucked lightly on her erect button as she shuddered in ecstasy to pull him even closer. Her hips began to rock slowly back and forth. The moist pussy lips moved against his mouth. He slowly inserted a finger inside her, and moved to where he thought her g-spot usually was. The answering jerk of her body indicated that he was right on target. He felt her lean up to regard him. Her breasts looked a little smaller now. He could sense her enjoying the view.

"I love what you're doing. It's very intense. I want to use other words for it."

He paused for a moment, and looked up slightly. 

"Why not, most women are pretty vocal about what they want right now. I aim to please". 

Her eyes twinkled and she paused for a moment. Then said in a sultry voice, she moaned "I think it's time for you to fuck me now". 

"I think you said that quite well," he laughed.

"I still think I need to get fucked. Did I say that right?" she asked.

"You did indeed. That can really get a man going. Just say whatever you want to. I'm going to fuck you as long and as hard as you want. I'm going to fuck you until I come, or make you come. I'm going to slide my cock inside that wet pussy until I'm filling you with it." he paused. "Did I say that right?" 
