 The sequel and conclusion of the "No Longer a Game" story. I suggest you read that one first. Thank you. 

*****

Prologue - 

Natalie cringed on the floor, watching Lolth. The goddess was in her spider form, her body a glossy black, her eyes a burning crimson. She dangled upside down in the web choked room slowly spinning in place. Natalie made occasional faint whimpers and her eight spider legs that protruded from her chest drummed rapidly against her body in fear. Natalie kept her head bowed; she dared not look fully upon the goddess. 

Natalie could see Lolth out of the corner of her eyes and she watched as the hourglass shaped pattern on the underside of the goddess's abdomen shrank as her body contracted. A crack appeared beside each of Lolth's fang tipped jaws; with a loud cracking sound until the skin peeled from her face. The goddess shuddered and she contracted more, tearing the rest of her head free from its hard coating of chitin. The cracks spread to her abdomen, releasing her. Lolth tumbled onto the cold iron floor, leaving her molted skin behind; the empty husk sill dangling from its strand of web.

As she stood, the goddess assumed her hybrid form; her lower body was still that of a spider but her upper body and head that of an extremely beautiful and voluptuous drow female. Her lower body was enormous. Although now transformed into the Lady Penitent, Natalie stood over ten feet tall but she could have walked underneath Lolth's spider legs with room to spare. The goddess twisted her head back and forth to work out the kinks in her neck and flicked her hair out of her eyes. Her face was the epitome of beauty, velvet smooth black skin, perfectly arched white eyebrows, delicately pointed ears, and full red lips.

Lolth's crimson eyes shone with malice. "Natalie, I hunger. Attend me."

Natalie gave a loud whimper and crawled to her mistress, trying not to reveal the loathing she felt, and prostrated herself before the goddess. Lolth moved over her, claws clicking against the cold black iron floor. Her cheeks bulged as two palps emerged from them, they probed Natalie's bare back. Natalie screamed as two great fangs sank into her skin.

As the digestive juices entered her body, Natalie gasped; there was a moment of warmth then pain comparable to be scalded by acid. The pain bore deeper into her flesh of her back, she could feel her flesh dissolving, sloughing away from her ribs and backbone. She could smell the reek of bile and hear Lolth taking the digested flesh up in great greedy slurps.

Natalie collapsed; the sudden weight of her body snapping two of the eight small spider legs that protruded from her chest; yet the pain of the breaking of those appendages was nothing to the raw open mess that was her back. She lay barely conscious, the jaws protruding from her cheeks gnashing weakly as Lolth loomed over her, eating her fill.

Natalie had once been a very pretty young girl, intelligent and charming. Then one night her girlfriend talked her into playing a Dungeons and Dragons game with a group of fellow college students and Natalie found herself in another world. Transformed into a beautiful moon elf sorceress her and her friends looked for a way back to their world. They found it but left Natalie behind. Now she was the Lady Penitent, doomed to suffer forever at the hands of the evil goddess Lolth. Due to this unholy pact she made with the Spider Queen, Natalie was now the Chosen of Lolth, no longer human or even elf she was now part of the Lady of Chaos.

The slurping noises stopped. Lolth laughed, a gloating laugh, and Natalie found herself gathered up off the floor by arms - drow arms - and cradled against a women's chest. Lolth had assumed her drow female form. Despite the differences in their sizes, she rocked Natalie back and forth like an infant; one hand caressing the half dissolved flesh of Natalie's back as it regenerated. Lolth then kissed Natalie's lips. A hard, long brutal kiss; the kind of kiss a rapist would give his victim. 

Natalie tore her mouth free and retched. 

Lolth stood and dumped her to the floor. "Weakling." She said in disgust.

Natalie whimpered and hung her head. After nearly three years the word still stung. 

For seven years Natalie had been the goddess's Lady Penitent and for the first four she served her mistress well. Lolth sent her deep into the Underdark where Natalie hunted and her prey was the drow heretics who served either Lolth's god son Vhaeraun or her goddess daughter Eilistraee.

Vhaeraun, the Masked Lord, the son of Corellon Larethian (creator of protector of the elves) and Lolth, born before Lolth rebelled and led the drow deep underground into the Underdark, and twin brother of Eilistraee. When Lolth grew ambitious and craved power and rebelled against her consort Corellon her son Vhaeraun choose to side with the Spider Queen while his sister Eilistraee choose to remain faithful to her father. Unlike Lolth Vhaeraun believed both male and female drow should be equal and was often in conflict with his mother and Lolth allowed her son to live and even gather followers from the drow males of the Underdark; she encouraged her son's rivalry with her, for it appealed to her love of chaos but after thousands of years the fate of all the drow would soon be decided and Loth had every intention of claiming them all and both her son and daughter needed perish. She sent her Lady Penitent deep into the Underdark to hunt down the followers of both her son and daughter.

For four years Natalie roamed the Underdark never fearing the predators that lived deep under the surface world above, she needed not to fear for she was not prey she was the hunter. As the Lady Penitent she served her mistress well and killed hundreds of priests of the Mask Lord and his followers as well as hundreds of priestesses and followers of Eilistraee. Rumors soon started to flow in the temples of the drow pantheon of a new demon unleashed by the Lady of Chaos who roamed the Underdark killing any drow who did not serve Lolth. Priests of Vhaeraun sent out Nightshadows, warrior priests, and priestess of Eilistraee sent forth Darksong Knights, priestess trained and gifted with special abilities to combat demons, to hunt this terrible creature who killed without mercer, but none ever returned. In the temples of the Spider Queen priestess praised Lolth for the new horror sent to destroy the followers of her son and daughter, and soon Lolth was going to release her Lady Penitent on the world above. Then Natalie betrayed her mistress.

For days Natalie hunted a party of drow who followed the Dark Maiden and were trying to escape into the world above and when the time was right the Lady Penitent struck and killed them all but one. Natalie found a small female drow child who appeared to be the age of an eight year old human girl. The child hid behind a large stalagmite as she saw this thing...this creature kill her mother and father. Natalie picked up the child and held her in her sight spider legs, about to crush the life from the girl but when she looked into the child's lavender eyes she felt guilt and remorse. Instead of killing the drow child, Natalie cast a sleep spell on her and traveled the Underdark and made her way to the surface. She released the child as close to a shrine of Eilistraee as she dared to go, hid in the tall trees of the forest as she watched two followers of the Dark Maiden discover the child and take her to safety. But Lolth sees all and she witnessed Natalie's weakness and punishment was decided.

"Do you know why I summoned you to my chamber today, Natalie?" 

"To feed."

"More than that. Guess again." The goddess laughed.

Natalie felt her pulse quicken. It had been almost three years Natalie had been imprisoned in a dark small cell in the bowls of Lolth's iron citadel as her punishment for saving the drow child. The only time she was released from her cell was when Lolth wanted to feed or torment her or give her to her champion the demi-god Selvetarm. The Lady of Chaos's grandson and champion enjoyed Natalie's new form as the Lady Penitent and enjoyed torturing her body and mind and raping her. Natalie learned what weakness and failure meant to her mistress. What new torment did the drow goddess have in mind this time?

"You've brought me here because..." Natalie paused, searching for the most unlikely of answers, something that would amuse the goddess..."because you've decided to set me free."

Lolth spun around and clapped her hands together. "Exactly!" She cried out. "I'm sending you away from my citadel." 

Natalie prostrated herself, hiding the thrill of anticipation she felt. "How may I serve you, Mistress?"

"Serve me?" Lolth laughed as she tossed back her long white hair, "Think again, mortal."

Natalie hesitated, uncertain of the goddess's meaning. During her time in the Demonweb Pitts serving Lolth as the Lady Penitent, Natalie had come to know Loth as well as any mortal could. Even so, she had no idea what twisted path the Lady of Chaos's mind was walking now. Anything however would be much better than being locked away and only taken out to be used and tormented by Lolth and on occasion Selvetarm. 

"Where are you sending me, Mistress?" Natalie asked.

Lolth laughed, spiders spilled from her mouth, and she waved her arms.

Natalie found herself standing next to Lolth on a featureless, wind-blasted plain illuminated by a pale yellow sun. She looked at her feet and saw thousands of small spiders crawling over the dry ground and knew while she was not in Lolth's iron fortress she was still in the Demonweb Pitts. 

"There. That is where you will go." Lolth said as she pointed.

Natalie's eyes followed her hand and hundreds of yards away was another citadel but unlike the Spider Queen's this one was stationary, constructed of some type of hardened web like substance, and formed into the shape of a giant male drider. In front of the citadel Natalie could make out a huge stature of a spider with a male drow upper torso holding a large sword.

"No...please...no, Mistress...please not here." Natalie fell to her knees and started to beg.

Lolth laughed, "The Lady Penitent, the once scourge of the Underdark, begging? How pathetic and weak."

"I will do anything, Mistress...anything but please don't give me to him."

"Of course you will," Lolth answered, her voice as smooth as freshly spun silk, "We both know that don't we." She pulled Natalie back to her feet by her hair. "Come, Natalie, my grandson, my champion, and your new Master waits."