 The trip back to the ship was rather uneventful, which was fine, since he couldn't have fought off a butterfly. Oh, man, thank heavens he didn't go on until 2nd watch tomorrow. Now he needed some sleep. He trudged up the ramp to the elevator to go up to his bunk.

Back in her quarters, T'ress sensed the presence of her bondmate. He'd been busy with another of the Terrans, a woman. He'd already changed back into his self, and he extended a small tendril towards her. They closed their eyes, and let the experiences they'd just had flow between them. These people were amazing, she thought. The futures on this night alone would enable them to have travel permits to half a dozen systems. Together, they sent the emotions, feelings, and information they'd collected into the computer, and began to have their own night of love, surprises, and fun, in their own fashion.

A single tendril from each wrapped around the other's, skin shifting around in complex patterns, as they made a telepathic bond between them. Their bodies began to flow into each other as dozens of connections were made, erogenous zones stimulating each other, in a sexual dance that would mean nothing to anyone but them.

When they were done, Tress's, bondmate, began to tell her of the things he'd done. The Earth woman was shy at first. He'd been patient and understanding to her. Slowly, he'd probed her mind to see the primitive, animal parts that connected with her fantasies. He then provided the woman with what she had wanted for so long. 

He stood up. 

"Behold, the final form she desired." and grew into what she had chosen.

T'ress gasped. "You were watching me, weren't you?" she giggled. "That was the one I was with! Here, this was the final form he chose." she shrugged a little, and became Jer's erotic fantasy of an hour before. 

"It's not that close. He had desires for sexual characteristics of unusual size, and I had to use both nalana jars just to make it!" she laughed.

She continued. "But you were looking just like him. How could you do that if you'd never seen him? I think you're teasing me," she said, playfully.

He relaxed back into his natural form, and shrugged. 

"This Earth woman, what she desires most is evidently the human male you studied tonight. And according to her, he has no idea of her attraction to him". 

His shoulders drooped in a sign of sadness, and resignation.

"How often do we see this? Species after Species, race after race. If only they had telepathy, as we do".

T'ress leaned closer to her mate. 

"Actually, from what I read from him, it's a mutual thing. Their Women and Men think they know each other, but they don't. Even they're aware of the problem. I found references to several 'romantic comedies' in his mind. Well, we can't let that happen here"

T'loss rolled his eyes from side to side, indicating slight disapproval. "And another universal desire of females seems to be the matching of the unaware. I stand in your superior knowledge." he said, then ducked a thrown pillow. 

"Well, if they can come here tomorrow, then you can work your magic on them. When have I ever denied you anything?" he murmured, and ducked another thrown pillow.

He turned to switch off the lights, and she heard him chuckling. 

"High heels" she thought she heard him say, and then held her as they drifted off to sleep.

The next day, back at the ship, Jer struggled through the shift, exhausted, but smiling. Other crew came back in ones and twos, all seemingly happy, some definitely not the same as when they went out. He'd just started a backup of the log files for remote storage when Kath came in. He turned his chair around to grin at her, figuring his friend would have something interesting to say.

He saw her expression, and the way she walked, and stopped rotating in his chair. Her eyes seemed to glisten, and she had the biggest smile he'd seen her with since he could remember. She looked at him with an almost predatory expression on her face.

"Well, look what the cat drug in. You look like you've had an interesting time of it. Meet any interesting aliens?" he joked, and saw her eyebrows rise slightly. As one of the anthropologists on board, she had the best excuse to explore the outside, even on shift duty.

"Hmmm, you might say so. I met the most interesting species; they have the ability to change shape, color, to become whatever they're thinking of. Or whatever you're thinking of." 

She paused, as she saw a knowing grin on his face. "Hmmm. Maybe you are familiar with them, then. Meet anyone you know?" 

He shook his head, as she continued. 

"Well, I did, and I, well, I learned a lot. In fact, I think I learned as much about me as he did." 

A thoughtful expression crossed her face. 

"Did you know they're slightly telepathic? They can read thoughts and impressions just by touching your scalp. It makes them infinitely adaptable. Man, when I get back, I'm going to be famous. They'd make wonderful ambassadors, and uh, well other things too."

Jer was surprised to see her blushing. She reached over and kissed his forehead. 

"Gotta get some rest, I had the most amazing night."

She ran a fingernail over his neck, and then walked away, putting a little grind into her exit.

Was this the same Kath that had landed here? Was it T'ress, sneaking back for seconds? He was amazed at the change that had come over her. He idly wondered what she had 'learned', and if she'd be open to sharing her lessons. Maybe he'd given up too soon on her, maybe he hadn't tried hard enough. 

'Was she trying to tell me something?' 

Any further thoughts he had along that line were interrupted by the backup finishing for the shift.

Later, he saw Kath going out the ship towards the alien city. She had on quite a number. In fact, he almost wanted to go with her and find out what was going on. She was wearing a low-cut civilian top, showing a lot more cleavage than he'd given her credit for, some hip-hugging pants, and even low heels. Her auburn hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and she walked with a sense of confidence he hadn't seen in her before. The interesting thing was that she wasn't taking any equipment with her. 

"Well, maybe I need to fetch it and bring it to her when my shift ends," he murmured.

Soon, he was off watch, and collected some portable recorders and sensors, and started towards the city. It was a mile or so, but it was a beautiful day, even though the red sun wasn't quite as bright as 'ol Sol. 

"Makes the entire planet a red-light district," he smirked, as his stride ate up the way back into the city.

He watched her signal on the sensors going along the pedestrian streets, stopping, starting, but always continuing in a specific direction. Probably trying to talk with the locals, but that's what she's supposed to be doing. Finally the marker stopped, and moved a tiny amount, but then didn't move again. He started to triangulate from where he was to that place, and started picking up landmarks as he went. Up one street, across an intersection, he found that he 'already' knew the area. This was the way to T'ress's. Hmm, wonder what that means? In a few more blocks, he was certain of it. Her position showed that she was inside. He reached for the door, and started to knock, when T'ress opened it.

"Jer! You did come back." 

She seemed to brighten as he looked at her. She was in her original form, but he could see subtle transformations already happening. 

"Come in, I've been hoping you would show up again". 

He grinned, and entered as she shut the door behind him.

He turned towards her, and watched as her body started to change into something more 'human'. Not as outrageous as last night, but still familiar. She sat on the bed, and coyly crossed one leg over another. 

"I sense you have questions." she asked. "It's expected. Please go ahead."

He looked at her, and damn, was it distracting. It was hard to think straight with something like that in your vision. Her breasts had swelled up to a larger size, her hair growing slowly down her back. She wasn't the same person she was last night, but almost like Kath. He came to grips with himself. 

"You're telepathic." he stated, and saw her nod.

"To an extent. It's mainly by touch, we can read your minds if we are in contact with you. We can only read, we can't control, and we can't change what's inside. Only you can do that. We can stimulate your memories, for language, images, and context, but we can't return anything much mentally." 

She leaned back slightly and regarded him.

"Our people are ambassadors, social scientists, therapists, and anything else that requires empathy and understanding. We're just one of hundreds of races, so there aren't always that many of us around. Except in your case."

"My case?" 

"Actually, whenever the Commonality encounters a new species, we're usually one of the first races to interact with them. Since we evolved to mimic our predators, we began to work on enhancing that ability. The jars you saw me use were for more extreme transformations, where we need more physical mass than our bodies have. I think I went 'overboard' as you say, last time. But there's always more to learn"

He watched her begin to transform again. It wasn't anything as extreme as before, but her body began to become still more recognizable. How could she know? Telepathy again? Maybe he should be more careful what he thought.

She unbuttoned a button on her clothes, and began to slowly stroke her body with her fingertips. 

"One thing we've not understood," she whispered, 

"Is your respective sexes lack of understanding of each other known? It's almost like you're 2 different species." 

His eyes followed the slowly-unbuttoning top, as his ears followed the conversation.

"You and your females really don't communicate all that effectively. We have means of sharing the feelings and thoughts of our own species, but we've come up with special communications equipment for other species. I could give you one. Would you like that?" 

She reached forward, and put a hand behind his ear. 

"It will appear completely inert to your body. There's no cause for rejection. You'll get a mental picture of how to use it, and what it can do." 

He nodded, and she put an object about the size of a pea behind his earlobe. He didn't feel anything, but then, something was happening.

"I like the low light suggestion you made. It does enhance the perception of the other senses" 

She continued to talk as her clothes started to fall away. Whatever she had learned before, she put to good use. The body was more realistic than ever. He could see her firm nipples in detail, making his mouth water and his fingers itch. She looked down at them, then back up with an inquisitive look. 

"We've shared data on last night with each other. I can synthesize a much more realistic..." and got no farther as he took her in his arms and began to kiss her.

Her arms went around him, and he felt her body shift against him. She was warmer than he remembered, and smoother. Her pants came free as he undid her belt, and slowly slide to the floor. Her own hands, far from idle, were already pulling off his shirt and undoing his own belt. He moaned as her hands grasped his ass, and she rubbed her naked body against him.

He reached for her breasts, taking one in his hand, and squeezed it slowly as he worked his way towards the hard points at the end. Her hand guided him, insistently, as she began to breath faster, groaning softly as he enjoyed her.

Another hand worked its way down her stomach, and he could feel her own hand trailing much the same path along him. She grabbed his cock with a single hand, and began to stroke it as he parted the sweet lips of her pussy.

She started to slide down his body as she continued to pull on his hardening member. Her lips parted, as she delicately licked the tip, and felt his hands come down over the back of her head. She ran a long, low lick from the balls to the tip of his cock, enjoying the shudder she felt through his hands and body.

She opened her mouth, and began to slide him back into it, inch after inch. He could tell she loved it. He was getting longer, and harder, and knew it wouldn't be long before he was going to explode in her mouth. She stopped, and moved away. She stood up, and took his hand. 

"Please come with me," she whispered in his ear. "I have something special for you". 

She almost giggled at his puzzled and disappointed expression, but he followed her just the same. The others were right, after all, she thought. A human man would follow anywhere she led, if she just went down on him.

She opened a door slightly, and again brought her lips close to his ear. 

"Please don't make any noise, but there's another here that wants to have you even more than I. She's already busy, but I think that once you see what's going on, you won't feel left out". 

Then with a soft slap on his behind, she pushed him into the next room. Her delighted giggle was muffled by the closing of the door. He turned to see where she had gone, but there was nothing there. He felt a little dissapointed, things were going so well, but maybe she was playing games. Well, games it was, then. What was behind door number one?

He walked forward, hesitantly, into the near-gloom. He could just see two people on the bed, and it was pretty obvious what was going on. There was a woman spread across the bed, clutching someone above her as he pushed in and out of her in that age-old rhythm. He could hear her moaning and gasping beneath him as they went at it.

"Oh gawd, Jer, do it. Do it to me, fill me up with that hard thing" He started a bit, since she obviously didn't see him enter the room. He felt his hardon stiffen slightly as she moaned in pleasure. "I've wanted this so much. I want you, Jer, give it to me!" He could hear her pant with each slap of the body on hers. Her legs were locked around the man's back, pushing him into her with each thrust. Her breath came in gasps as he began to speed up. 

Jer? what was going on? He was Jer! who was that? He looked more closely at what was going on on the bed. Behind him, the door silently opened and closed. It was T'ress. He started to speak, but she put her hands to his lips, and shook her head. The 'no' was understood.

She groaned as Jer watched the other making love to her. Jer felt like groaning as well. He glanced at the man with her. Something about him seemed familiar, and something about her, too. He'd seen her before. It was Kath. His eyes widened in surprise. He'd had no idea of the lucious body under that uniform. 

Well, no wonder she was so happy yesterday. He could see why she didn't bring any equipment. From where he was standing, she didn't need any. He was so envious. If only he'd had a chance at her. 

He heard the man slow down, and then pull out, as Kath whimpered. 

"Don't stop, not now. I'm so close. " she moaned. She raised up on her elbows and saw Jer standing there. "Oh, my." she grinned, "You really did fulfill my fantasy. I always wanted to try two guys, just once".

The other man turned to look at him, and he knew with a shock where he'd seen that face. In a mirror. How was that possible? Did he really look like that? Like most guys, he'd never really looked at himself. He looked back at himself, and realised that his mirror image was waiting.

"Uh, pleased to meet me" he stammered, and stuck out a hand. His doppleganger smiled, and took it.

"I'm T'loss, T'ress's bondmate. What you'd call a husband."

"Uh, I'm Jer. Or the original me, or whatever". 

He stopped as he saw Kath jump. Her eyes opened wide, as she squeaked. 

"Jer, for real? Ohmigod, this isn't what it looks like, I can explain." She babbled, at a loss for words. 

"I was doing research, that's all, and I got carried away, and you're not mad or anything?" 

He smiled at her.

"I'm completely bewildered, but does it look like I'm mad? Kath, why didn't you TELL me?" he said as he came forward. "I thought we were friends, Kath, but if I'd known you felt this way, I'd," he paused suddenly. He sat down on the bed next to her. 

She looked between the two mirror images of her desire. There was hardly any difference in them, except... Well, yeah, the cock of course, since she'd never seen his in real life. She mused on the real man, and the 'ideal' man in front of her. She might be the first woman who could have her cake and eat it too. 

She frowned slightly. "Jer, I just, I didn't know how to start. I mean, I thought you were interested, and I tried giving you hints. But after awhile, you didn't respond, and I thought you weren't interested. So I wanted to be with you, and to have you, and I thought that someday you'd come around". She seemed to relax slightly, as if she'd removed an enormous weight off her chest.

Jer shook his head. 

"I didn't know, Kath. I guess guys can be pretty dumb at times." 

He frowned as she giggled. "I'm so relieved."

"Did anyone else know?" he asked, and watched her start to laugh.

"Oh, Jer, you have NO idea. Didn't you ever wonder why you never got anywhere with the other women on the ship? You think we don't TALK about things like this? I really like you. Don't you like me too?" she asked. Jer thought a moment, and grinned. 

"Well, you definitely have my attention. This is pretty sudden. I guess even the aliens figured it out. T'ress was starting to look more and more like you, and it was getting me more and more worked up. I'd had some fantasies, and she was only too willing to oblige. Looks like you have some fantasies as well."

She smirked, and put her hand on his leg.She had a look in her eye, that explained everything.

"Yeah, I guess I do. I'm only human. Jer, uh, I'm still pretty horny. You kind of interrupted me, and I did have a fantasy about two guys. Would you be interesting it trying it out? If you want to, that is". Evidently getting your fantasies fulfilled did embolden a woman. 

He thought about it. This was wierd, here he was, and someone who looked just like him, about to make love to the same woman. The lights were lowering on the other side of the room, focusing on Kath alone. A strange scent began to fill the room, and he felt strangely relaxed. Suddenly it didn't matter if he had to share. A part of him wondered what was going on, but the rest of him, especially his hardening cock, was doing all the talking. Maybe it was another potion from T'ress. The room seemed to be spinning, and faint echoes seemed to be filtering into his mind. He could feel a sense of hunger emanating from Kath. He could also sense a sort of whispering, and even faint visions of himself watching himself watching her.

"I've never tried it, but as long as it's us with you, I say 'why not'?" 

With a quick movement, he leaned forward and kissed her. She kissed him back ferociously, and then started to tell them what she had in mind.

She found his hands, and guided them to her body, her eyes closed, and lips smiling. Slowly she worked his hands over her breasts, just reveling in the feeling of him touching her. He broke one hand free, and ran his fingers through her hair, pulling it away from her face as she leaned towards him. He felt the other hand suddenly free, as he rubbed two fingers over her nipple, feeling it growing beneath his fingers.

And then it started to happen. It was almost like he could feel a second pair of hands on his body. Sensations raced over his chest, as he felt like someone was massaging his own nipples. He looked around. T'ress was sitting just out of the light, eagerly looking between her husband and Jer at the action going on in front of her. Well, it was the first time he'd had an audience. He hoped he was up to it. 
