 This story contains explicit scenes and if you yadda yadda yadda like anyone every reads this anyhow. Well if you do you have been warned and from here on anything you read is all your own fault. 

Feedback is appreciated.

Enjoy.

Scyta.

Quin carefully walked down the corridor, heading deeper into the crypt. If anyone had been able to see him they would have said he was sneaking his way forward. Quin himself would have disagreed. Moving soundlessly and perfectly blending in with the background was just how he had been trained to walk in dangerous situation during his education as a monk. 

Of course since Quin was a Master of the Order of the Iron Monk’ and held the Black Gi of the fifth degree, the question was irrelevant since nobody would have been able to see him unless he wanted them too.

He peeked around the corner and saw something moving up ahead. Probably just another skeleton. 

He had arrived in a small village two days ago and heard tales that a vampire lord had taken refuge in an old abandoned crypt close to the village. The villages had been busy gathering enough gold to pay some adventurers to clear it from the undead abominations. 

Quin had slipped out from the village, heading for the crypt.

It was his duty to himself and his order to fight evil where he found it. In addition, the village was poor enough as it was so he had thought that it was unnecessary for them to spend all their gold on mercenaries when he could deal with the problem. 

Besides, he could use the exercise.

So far he had fought his way through hoards of skeleton warriors barely worth his notice. He had yet to see a vampire though the animated skeletons were a clear indicator that the vampires were down here.

Quin inched his way forward towards the moving shape. The shape suddenly turned around and headed away from him. He followed it down the corridor until he came to its end where an open door led in to a vault. 

Looking through the door he saw what the shape was. It was a female vampire and a cute one to boot.

She was about five, five feet tall with shoulder length black hair. The hair frame her pale, almost white face giving her an unearthly beauty. She only wore a black vest and a pair of thigh leggings. The vest was held together by a single knot at her waist leaving plenty of cleavage showing. Her breasts were on the small side but what he could see of them which were a lot they looked very fine.

Her tight leggings showed off a pair of muscular legs and a firm butt so Quin had no trouble figuring out that she was very fit in addition to her powers as a vampire.

The vampire was walking back and forth in front of a large iron gate leading deeper into the crypt. All the time she was looking around herself nervously. 

Quin got the feeling that she was even more uncomfortable down here than he was which was very odd considering she was a vampire. She should be used hanging out in crypts.

However, he pushed those thoughts to the back of his head. He had a mission and she wasn’t part of the solution. 

He focused his Ki and crossed the room at an inhuman speed. The female vampire didn’t even know he was there before he hit her with three finger-thrusts on certain nerve centers making her collapse. Quin grabbed her neck and was just about to break it when the vampire cried out.

“Wait! Don’t kill me, please don’t kill me. I surrender. Just don’t kill me.”

Quin paused when he heard her plead. He wasn’t going to kill something that had surrendered to him in cold blood with out hearing it out. Not even an undead abomination. 

“You are an abomination to the Gods. Give me one reason why I shouldn’t kill you right this instance.” He growled out his question.

“Because I don’t want to die!” She snapped out.

“You’re an undead. You don’t have a life to lose.”

“I might not be alive but that doesn’t mean I don’t live.”

“A valid point but you are still a member of this group of vampires that have been terrorizing the surrounding country side. For that I will kill you.”

“A reluctant member.” The vampire said resigned to herself, making Quin pause in surprise.

“What do you mean reluctant?” He asked.

“I mean that I’m only together with these monsters to survive. Look, if you let me up I’ll tell you the whole story but it’s kind of hard to do when someone is almost twisting ones neck around. I won’t try anything.”

Quin thought about it. He should kill her right now and get it over with but his curiosity took the upper hand and he let go of her. He let her sit down in front of him before speaking.

“Then tell me the story and it better be good.”

The female vampire started talking. She said her name was Alica and she had been a vampire for about one hundred and fifty years. She was a true vampire, borne from a female vampire and sired by a male one. Her parents had been hunted down when she was very young and she had been forced to survive on her own. The only help she had received was from an old blind beggar. He had also taught her the values humans have and she had since then always tried to live by them. She would find employment in small towns and villages and try to live there in peace while keeping her darker side secret. However, in the end, she was always forced to leave and sometimes it wasn’t her own choosing either. 

That was what had happen the last time. She had been revealed and forced to flee in front of a lynch mob. She had hooked up with this group just to survive.

“Touching story but it’s not good enough reason why I should spare you. I’ll try to make it quick.” Quin said when she finished. He started to rise so he could kill her when she interrupted again.

“How about you just give me a head start out of this crypt while you take care of the rest. Then if you track me down later and kill me I at least got a chance.”

“As I said you haven’t given me a good enough reason yet.”

“What if I’ll help you kill the rest of vampires?” She asked.

“I don’t think I’ll need it but that will earn you my trust. Still if I’ll give a chance to run you better make sure I get something out of it.”

Alica looked at Quin and he could see him thinking about her options.

“I can see from you clothing or rather lack there of, that you are a bother of the Iron Monk Order.” She finally said after a few moments. She was right that it was easy to spot Quin’s order from his lack of clothes. His Fifth degree Gi consisted of a pair of black bracers and a pair of moccasins made out of strips of fabric wrapped around his feet and shins for protection. The only other adornment on his body was a black and blue tattoo on her chest and back. The order believed that they should bare their bodies against all hardship. Free spirited and uninhibited the monks feel as natural wearing little or nothing as all, as common people feel about wearing ordinary garments. Therefore, none of the higher-ranking monks ever wore clothing when they didn’t have to.

“Is it true that your order is very free spirited? That you are supposed to try and experience and enjoy everything life has to offer you?” Alica asked.

“That’s true.”

“Then how would you like to experience an undead?”

“Experience how?”

“Sexually I mean.” She said. Quin raised his eyebrows questionably and studied her features to see if she was trying to deceive him in some way.

“You are telling me that if I spare your life now and give you a chance to get a way I get to fuck you.”

“Yes.”

“And you don’t mind.”

“No, it’s not the first time I let a man use my body to survive. I’ve lived for almost two hundred years and I’ve tried my hand at many professions during that time. Whore is just one of them.”

Quin studied her. She was very attractive. She was just the type that Quin would have enjoyed fucking if she had been alive. However she was a vampire and for the good of all he should kill her. On the other hand, his creed as an Iron Monk told him that he should try to experience everything life had to offer and he had never heard about someone having sex with a vampire before.

He didn’t have any qualms about taking advantage of her sexually or otherwise. 

When grateful villagers and farmers offered their wives and daughters to their saviors, noble paladins might decline out of compassion and ethics. Quin gave them the fuck of their life. He wasn’t going to enjoy life to its fullest if he went around passing up the chance for a warm female body to dump his seed in.

Besides, he could just fuck her and then kill her afterwards.

“All right then. Take off your clothes and let me see you.” Quin told Alica.

She just sighed deeply and untied the knot holding her vest together, slipping it off and revealing a pale beautifully shaped torso. Her breast was as Quin had noticed before on the small side but then he now saw that she too was on the thin side with her ribs clearly visible. Still the breasts were very pretty, firm and pointy, almost like a teenagers budding mounds. Her nipples had a bluish pink color, the same color he had seen lips get when the temperature dropped during the winter season.

Quin reached out and cupped the left breast. She was cold to the touch, though not like a corpse more like the feeling of cold toes or fingers. He squeezed the breast gently and stroked his thumb over her nipple. That was all it took for it to pop out hard.

“Nice,” Quin said as he leaned forward and took her other nipple in his mouth. He just needed to touch it with his tongue for it to become erect too.

He sucked and licked it while he pinched and twisted the other one with his hand. He kept doing that for a moment but when Alica started to moan, he sat back up.

When she saw the effect Quin’s play with her breasts had had on his cock, she couldn’t hold back a gasp.

Quin was of mixed blood, elfish and human but those who had seen him hard would have as easily guessed that orc blood ran through his veins.

Alica tore her gaze away from his groin in time to see him urging her on with a nod.

She stood up and pulled down his legging.

Sitting down Quin's eyes were level with her crotch and as her leggings went down, he got quite an eyeful. Her pale mound was split in the middle by her slit, the lips were slightly large and the same color as her nipples. He saw that she was completely devoid of hair down there. That was good; he liked his women that way.

Quin wanted to reach out and play with a pussy lips but before he managed, she stepped out of her leggings and sat down again.

When she sat down Quin just shrugged and stood up instead. He took a step forward and thrust his cock towards her face.

“You know what to do,” He said unnecessarily. No woman that gets a cock shoved barely an inch from her face needed any words to know what was expected from her. 

Alica grabbed his shaft with both hands, gingerly stretched out her tongue, and gave the head a long lick.

“That’s it. Just watch those teeth.” Quin told her with a grin. The teeth comment made Alica giggle but she stifled it by stuffing her mouth with the head.

After sucking on in a couple of seconds, she spat it out. Instead, she started to lick all over his cock, coating both the shaft and balls with a layer of spit.

Once she was satisfied, she took him in his mouth again. Sucking and licking she started to bob her head, all the time jerking off the part that didn’t fit in her mouth. 

She continue to suck him like this at a slowly increasing speed for several minutes before stopping a spitting him out. She bent forward, letting her mouth go to work on his balls sucking and licking them while gently squeezing his shaft. She kept that up for less than a minute before taking him in her mouth again and swallowing him down until Quin felt his glands touch the back of her mouth. Then she just kept going, slowly inching his cock down her throat until her nose was buried in his pubes.

Quin looked down at her impressed. That was a first for him. Plenty of women had manage to take him completely down their throats before and none of his female students left his tutorage without being able to accomplish the feat Alica just had done. But not on the first try and never that easy. His students had hours of gagging, chocking and tears behind them before they could do what she had just done.

Alica slowly pulled out half again before pushing it back down. She started to bob her head like this, sucking gently on the outstroke, milking him with her throat. She continued with this technique for over a minute before she pulled the cock out of her mouth.

She looked up at Quin and smiled.

“Not having to breathe has its benefits. No woman are better or has it easier deep throating than me,” she told him with a cocky grin.

“Is that so?” Quin answered and lifted an eyebrow skeptically.

“Yes, of course,” Alica said a little miffed at Quin's skeptical response at her statement, “I manage to get down your big log without ant problem on the first try after all. There is no way I will ever have any trouble taking a cock down my throat. Never happened, never will.”

“Really, want to prove that to me,” Quin said with a smirk.

“Without a doubt,” She answered with touch of anger in her voice.

“Then just relax.”

He took hold of her head with both hands and gently forced it backwards as far as he could so the opening of her mouth and throat made a straight line. He made her sit down from her kneeling position and stepped up close so he was standing above her. Bending his hard cock down towards the floor Quin pushed it in to her mouth and gently down her throat. When he bottomed out, her lips wrapped around the base of his cock, he pulled up half way again. He repeated this a couple of times. Alica’s stuffed face quickly got a triumphant look, clearly thinking that this was all he had to come with. 

Seeing that Quin took a tighter grip of her head and started to fuck her throat in a steady pace by bending he’s knees up and down. It didn’t take long before Alica started to struggle and protesting around his cock. Quin ignored her and continued fucking her like this for a few minutes despite her increasingly strong struggles.

When he finally pulled out, Alica coughed for a moment before looking up at Quin and saying. “That was really unpleasant.”

“All my female students learn how to let me do that from start to finish and they all have to breath,” Quin told her with smile but his eyes had a look of concern in them.

Alica sat quiet for a moment before she chuckled. 

“”All right, maybe I’m not the best but you have to admit that I’m good,” she said with a grin. In fact, Quin would say that she was extremely good. She had after all managed to let him fuck her throat with only a little trouble on the first try. That had only happened three times before and those women had all been masters in the order with the same inhuman control of their bodies that Quin had. 

Of course, they had managed it from start to finish and only one of them had showed signs of any discomfort.

“I’m however not one of you monks so I’d appreciate if you let me do this my way.” She said with a grin and took him in her mouth again.

She soon had him down her throat again and began bobbing her head up and down. Not completely like before, she always left what she could fit in a masturbating fist outside her mouth. However, the head never left her throat and on the down stroke, an equal length of what she had in her mouth was lodge down her throat.

She sucked Quin like this for several minutes before his groans showed that he was nearing his peak.

Alica reached around him with one hand and one of her fingers soon found his brown hole but when she tried to push it in, he proved to dry for her to succeed. She took his cock out of her mouth and lifted up his balls before hunching down. A second later Quin felt the wet tip of her tongue touching his hole. She licked thoroughly around and on it before trying to push her tongue inside. The muscle resisted at first but soon she had her tongue up his ass. 

Few women Quin knew of would willingly do what she just did and none of them would do it to a man they knew had been out hiking for some days with only leaves as sanitary aids. 

Still Alica had a bit more riding on this fuck than most women so she was undoubtedly willing to go to some lengths to make him enjoy it. And enjoy it he did when he felt the tip of her tongue move around the opening of his ass.

It didn’t take long before she stopped and came out beneath him.

When she looked up at Quin and saw him looking at her with a knowingly leer she made a disgusted face and a blush gave her cheeks some color for the first time since Quin saw her.

Avoiding his eyes, she started to suck him again in the same way as before. She soon had him nearing his peak again and when she tried to push a finger up his butt again she didn’t have any trouble with his now well lubricated hole. 

With a finger up his ass and her energetic sucking on his cock Quin suddenly found himself flooding her mouth with his seed.

He started cuming on the upstroke with only the head at the back of her throat so a lot of the first jet flowed back filling her mouth while the rest ran down her throat. Alica quickly swallowed the mouthful at the same time as she pushed him down her throat again so when the next cum-shot came, she had her nose pressed in to his pubic hair and his length completely buried down her throat.

Quin grabbed her head and tried to press himself even deeper down while he shoot the rest of his load directly down her stomach. 

Alica didn’t do anything during his climax, just held him her in her throat. The kneading provided by her swallowing throat muscles was enough to enhance the sensations of his orgasm.

After he stopped cuming Quin still held Alica’s face pushed into his crotch, keeping his cock down her throat. They stayed like that until he started to relax after his climax and the final twitches in his cock had passed. 

Alica never showed any signs of objecting to his treatment. When he let go of her head she only pulled him out of her throat keeping him in her mouth and started to suck him clean, Quin had to admit that there were some very nice benefits about not having to breathe. 

Alica didn’t spit him out until he had gone completely flaccid again.

“You seemed to enjoy that,” she said with a smile as she looked up at him.

“Yes, it was very nice,” Quin answered with a grin. In fact it had been one of the best blowjobs he had received in a long time. 

“To bad, you didn’t save yourself. Looks like this was the only thing you got to enjoy, “ Alica complained with a smug voice, not sounding at all sorry about it.

“You forget that I am a monk trained in mastering my mind and body, all of my body.”

With that reply, Quin’s cock slowly rose again until it stood just as erect and hard as before they began.

“Oh my…” slipped out from Alica’s lips and she couldn’t stop her self from touching it to see if it was true.

“Now it’s my turn,” Quin said as he kneeled down. He laid Alica down on her back, bent down, and sucked quickly on one of her nipples. Sliding down he spread her legs before laying down between them, his face only an inch from her mound. 

With his thumbs, he spread her lower lips as wide apart as he could, opening up her red moist pussy in all its glory for his eyes. 

Extending his tongue, he gave it a long slow lick. Just as every were else she was a little bit colder than a normal human and her taste was a bit more spicy than usual but Quin quite liked it. Having tasted her he began letting his talented tongue go to work on her most sensitive parts.

Quin knew he was good at the task. He had been trained in it by a master of the iron monks after all. She had been the first female sensei to train him and like all masters of the iron monks she had taught her student to master every possible part of their bodies and excel at ever aspect of that part’s possible usage. Teaching sexual skills not only learnt the student to grant pleasure but it was also a good way for the student to learn how to focus his Ki under a very distracting situation. Besides, it was also one of the benefits of being a master of the iron monks.
