 Muriel had several red and swollen marks, and she was very sore, but otherwise she was physically fine. 

Mentally, she had wounded herself. 

The moment Doctor Bergson declared that she was fine, Muriel hopped up and said she was going to return to Vidar. 

"Well, you could do that," the doctor said with raised eyebrows, "but he's likely in his bedchamber now." 

"I don't care," Muriel said as she tied her cloak around her shoulders. "I'm going to him." 

"Oh well. I'm going to report to Her Highness." 

Muriel didn't care about that either. She took a small oil lamp into her hand, marched out of her room, and went all the way to Prince Vidar's quarters by herself. She went to the door at the very end of the hallway, the one that faced the far off entrance to the area. 

She knocked on the door. 

"Vidar? Vidar?!" 

Not even a peep of a reply. 

She knocked again. "It's me! Muriel!" 

Nothing. 

Another knock. "Please! Grant me your permission to enter! I beg of you! I need to apologize to you! I won't be able to sleep nor eat until I've expressed all of my regret to you!!" 

Footsteps, furniture being dragged aside, and then there was the sound of a voice. "Muriel? You want to be ... you want to be here? In here with me?" 

Muriel's heart lurched at the sad way Vidar had spoken through the door. "Yes! Please! Oh please! I love you so! I adore you so, but I mistreated you! This problem must be mended!" 

There was a short moment, a tense moment, where nobody said anything. Muriel ground her teeth together as she waited. Then Vidar spoke again. "You didn't mistreat me. You were frightened." 

Shaking her head, Muriel countered with, "But I ran away from you as if you weren't the man with the gentle heart and the loving touch, the man who gave me everything I could ever want! I was cruel, too cruel!!" 

"Don't lie to me. I know what I am." A loud, thick sniffing noise, then he asked, "Aren't you injured? Shouldn't you be in bed?" 

"No, Vidar. I'm fine. Please let me in." 

"It's highly improper for you to be in my bedroom," he said as if they hadn't been doing things to each other's genitals nearly every day in the castle. 

Muriel decided to put up a bluff. "Oh? You won't let me in? Then I should assume you won't forgive me and your love has died. My presence must be completely useless to you now. I'll go pack my belongings and arrange for a carriage tomorrow." 

"No!! Please!! I'll let you in." 

The door loudly groaned as it was pulled inside the bedroom. Muriel walked inside without a second thought. 

Typical darkness with some firelight greeted her eyes, but partially hidden behind the open door, there was the tall figure that had scared her. He was in his wrapped cloak, but that horrible head was visible. His eyes followed her movements as if someone else was moving them from behind. 

Muriel's lamp and its light quivered with her hand. Her body trembled and she looked down at the floor as Vidar closed the door. 

"Aren't you in great pain?" Vidar asked. 

"It's not so great." Muriel's fingers moved up to lightly tap a lump near her temple. It was very tender. She flinched, but she said, "I'll heal quickly." 

She heard his clothing flap. She saw a bare limb stretch out. Then some of his fingers were cautiously touching the space around the minor injury on her head. He drew a circle around it. "Did the doctor give you any medicine?" 

"He gave me a jar of salve, but I've already forgotten it." 

"I keep those sorts of things here. I prefer not to badger the doctor. He's often busy." His hand drifted away. His almost clumsy looking feet took him off to a piece of furniture. Muriel was certain it was a bureau. She was proven right when the oddly placed arm reached for a drawer and dragged it open with a raw, wooden noise. The long fingers poked and dug around the contents until something noteworthy was apparently found. 

Vidar closed his fingers around a small jar. Another arm, which seemed to be on the same side of his torso as the one holding the jar, it's hand closed the drawer very casually. 

Vidar then left the bureau and asked Muriel to follow him. First, Muriel put her lamp on the bureau. Then she obeyed him, going to an ottoman sitting at the foot of a rather plush canopy bed. Then he asked her to sit down. 

Muriel lowered herself and put her hands on her lap. Then she heard the jar's lid being popped off. She sighed. 

Dab, dab, dab. 

The salve was cold at first, but it reacted well to their flesh and warmed up. Vidar's index and middle fingers were delicately applying the ointment. "Your aigrette's missing," he pointed out with a nearly emotionless tone. 

"It must have fallen away when the armor landed on me." 

"Were he stones expensive?" 

"No. They were paste." 

"Ah, then they might have chipped or cracked." He gave her head one last pat with his fingertips. "Where are the rest of your injuries?" 

Muriel had a nearly inexplicable bout of shyness. She softly told him, "I'd have to undress to show them to you." 

"Oh." Vidar's single syllable hung between them like an obvious symbol. 

Muriel's fingers squeezed together and she mentally screamed at herself. Shyness should not be allowed. She had already shown him nearly every part of her body. 

An inhale, an exhale, another and another, and as she looked down at her tight hands, she said, "It's fine. I know your touch." She tore her hands apart. "You're so kind." She took a pin from her kerchief and stuck it in the ottoman so she wouldn't lose it. 

"Muriel, return to your bedchamber. You can apply your salve there." Vidar's words were hushed. Muriel barely heard him. 

More pins. She was able to shuck away both her kerchief and her bodice. She started untying her underskirt. 

Vidar's breath slowly became more labored. He was so much taller than her, every bit as daunting as a massive black tower. Muriel's eyes were avoiding his face, and this moment of undressing was a perfect excuse for that. 

Piece by piece, making a pile on the floor, Muriel disrobed. She even took off her stockings. 

Nude on the ottoman, Muriel hugged herself and trembled, looking out at a space roughly past her left shoulder, pretending to find a shadowy coffer interesting. 

One of Vidar's many hands clasped her right shoulder. Her bare flesh greedily soaked up his warmth. "Muriel, are you cold? I'd offer my cloak, but I don't think you'd react well to what's underneath." 

She forced out a hollow version of a giggle. "I'll do whatever you think is best." Even if it made her want to close her eyes. 

His hand left her. "You may rest on my bed, if it wouldn't bother you." 

Ah, a blanket? That would be nice. Muriel nodded and went to climb into the bed while Vidar lit another oil lamp on a nightstand. It was an impressively big bed. She imagined that three copies of Vidar could rest well in it. 

Muriel lifted up a portion of a silk lined blanket and snuggled underneath it. Then she pushed herself into a kneeling position with the blanket shrouding her from behind. And then she turned her body around, letting her front be covered and her back and buttocks be revealed. 

"There's a bit of swelling on my back and my side, on my right," she said as she held the blanket closer to her breasts, wishing she could wrap all of herself up. 

The mattress constricted and whined as Vidar's great weight sunk down near her. Muriel closed her eyes as she waited. 

Cold!! 

Then warm. 

His hands applied the salve so gently at first, but then he used a little more pressure. It was a blazing, fuzzy feeling. It made Muriel's toes press into her buttocks and her voice wildly gurgle out. 

"Have I harmed you?" There was pure concern in that question. 

"Oh no!! It was heavenly!!" One of her hands clawed at the blanket's lining. 

"But ... perhaps it's not good to massage this tender area. I once heard the doctor mention that one should wait three days to massage blunt trauma." He removed his hand. "Show me another injury." 

Muriel actually pouted and lowered her head. She turned her body so that her right side faced the prince. She covered most of her body, but she held out her right arm. "Can you see the swelling there?" 

"Yes, a moment please." 

More cold ointment, lovingly swiped onto her sore body. Muriel sighed. 

"Are there any more?" Vidar asked when he was finished. 

Muriel tensed a little as she took her arm back under the blanket. "Yes, on my ... on my leg and thigh." 

"Oh!!" That was a fairly alarmed syllable. 

Was he feeling shy too? 

Well ... he didn't look sweet but he certainly had sweetness in him, the great, gentle thing!! 

Muriel gathered up a bit more of the blanket. Then she lied down on her belly and stretched her legs out. From her buttocks to her shoulders, she was covered. Her legs were out in the open. Her breasts were pressing into the mattress, and that was uncomfortable, but she was able to make it easier by folding her arms ahead of her face. 

"My right leg and thigh," she informed, "particularly in the back." 

"Ye ... yes." 

His large hand could have spanned near all of her thigh, but he only used his fingertips to slather the ointment onto her body. Her toes and feet curled as her muscles were easily thawed. She hummed, whined, and licked her teeth. 

"Are you in any more pain?" 

Muriel nearly purred as she said, "No, I'm fine." 

The jar's lid was clicked into place. Then Muriel heard the jar's bottom being lightly tapped onto the nightstand. Yet his hand remained, gently sliding up and down the length of the limb. She didn't mind. 

"Muriel?" 

"Hm? Is something wrong?" 

His hand rose. "I ... Please forgive me!" His voice sped up. "Your scent is wonderful!" 

He clasped her ankle. He pulled her towards him. The first thing Muriel thought of was not to kick, not to scream, and certainly not to cry. Her first thought was to slap her palms over her eyes. 

Another hand went to her hips as the one on her ankle loosened. She was flipped over very easily. If a belly could gasp, then that's what her belly did. It constricted and wiggled, but she didn't feel ill. 

Vidar had her legs again. Muriel was shaking, but she knew he wouldn't hurt her. He was likely doing something that would please him. How could she ever deny him that? 

Her backside wasn't touching the bed anymore. The blanket had fallen away. She was open to the night and to Vidar. He held her legs apart and kept her pubic area close. His breath fell over her quivering little labia. 

Oh? Was he going to ...? 

Soft but unyielding, wet and scraping, it painted a line up her opening. 

Muriel was already panting, ruining the quiet in the room. 

Oh ... 

Her back sharply curved. 

This was magnificent!! 

Licking and licking ... and hot growling against her most fragile little parts, her most sensitive little parts. Eventually his tongue surged inside the throbbing channel. 

"Oh! Vidar!! Viiiiiiiidar!!" Her fingertips pressed down on her brow as she rocked her hips. 

The tongue hurried out. Then a short kiss on her clitoris. Muriel wasn't even thinking about her lover's appearance. She was concentrating on her need. 

Tight! A squeeze on her clitoris! His lips! They were over her clitoris, pulling even as his tongue tapped and dabbed at it. 

Muriel sobbed, drooled, and thrashed about. She put her hands to her mouth as her eyes stubbornly remained closed. 

"Yes!! Vidar!! Please!! It's so good!!" 

So fucking good. 

It was the gentlest fire that would never burn her because it didn't want to. 

Muriel's toes spread out as her nerves danced. 

And she blared out every single taboo word and phrase her brain could find. 

When it was over, when her legs were loose and her mucus was putting a thick aroma in the air, Muriel's lower body was put back to the bed. She rubbed her thighs together as she slowly said, "That was so grand ... sooooooo grand. I'd let you do that as many times as you fancy." She stretched her arms as if she had just woken up from a refreshing night's sleep. "Hmmmmmm ... I loved it!" 

Muriel heard Vidar say with a peaceful tone, "I'm glad, but you should dress yourself and leave. If you remain much longer, I might press myself onto you. We aren't married yet. We should have something to hope for on the wedding night." 

"Are you certain? I'd happily stay and please you." 

His fingers tapped one of her knees. "Go on, my Dearest. Rest while my mother and I craft a strategy for the future." 

Muriel sat up but she kept her eyes down. "Very well. I'll go, but I'll lie awake reliving this moment again and again." 

She wasn't looking at his angular, extended face, but she knew that he was watching her. Her flesh buzzed from the knowledge. She was very lazy and sluggish as she dressed herself. It took her twice as long as it should have. Then she went to get her oil lamp from the bureau. 

"Vidar," she said as she turned towards the door, "I do love you." 

"I believe you." 

Muriel smiled down at the flame in her lamp. "I'm so relieved to know that." 

She went to the door, but she turned around. Her eyes were still on her lamp's flame. "I'd love to visit you tomorrow afternoon, but not in that Empty Room. I'd like to go to one of your other rooms, where you have your hobbies." She shrugged. "I think I know how you play that beautiful piano music." 

"I'd love to show you my dolls instead." 

"Oh, that would be lovely. You make beautiful dolls." Muriel gave a short curtsy. "I'll go to bed. Goodnight." 

"Goodnight, Muriel." 

*** 

"My son has written a letter for the king," Princess Arya whispered to Muriel after breakfast. They were walking outside in a garden. "If the king provides a suitable response, then my poor boy will finally reveal himself to everyone in this castle, and eventually to the Royal Court." 

Muriel nodded to her. "Would any journalists be involved?" 

"It certainly won't take long for them to learn of the issue. The king would prefer to have such a thing kept secret, but this problem can only be kept hidden for so long. The healthiest option would be to let the world know that his younger son was horribly cursed." 

Looking at a patch of sage, Muriel asked, "Will my agreement to marry His Highness truly improve his standing in the world?" 

Patting Muriel's arm, the princess said, "Certainly. That's why we couldn't have Prince Emil learn of the relationship before a confirmed engagement. My sweet Vidar didn't have a true claim on you then. Once we go to the palace with you happily swearing that you'll marry Vidar, then Emil will have less trouble to stir up, and keeping you safe from him will be much easier if Vidar's beside you instead of hiding behind a wall." 

Muriel didn't want to think about the concept of being alone with Prince Emil. Having another ally to keep close to her would be a good idea, especially since she was going to enter the Royal Palace more regularly. She nodded to the princess. "This solution might seem defeatist at first but it's actually quite reasonable, especially since Prince Vidar will reveal himself on his own terms instead of someone else's." 

Princess Arya clapped her hands together and said, "Oh!" Then she laughed into the back of her hand. "I forgot to tell you! Please forgive me! Tomorrow, we're going to the city for a shopping trip. Vidar wants us to order a betrothal ring for you." 

With hot cheeks, Muriel looked down at her skirt's hem. "I ... I see. I'll need one, won't I?" 

"Then we'll have a small announcement in the newspapers about the engagement," Princess Arya said. 

"Yes, Madam." Muriel was still flushing. 

*** 

Her little knuckled tapped on the door. It was one of the doors in the hallway in Vidar's private section of the keep. 

"Vidar? It's Muriel. May I come in?" 

"Yes, I'll open the door." 

She heard a lock's bar being slid away. Then the door opened. Muriel gave her betrothed a quick look. He was tight in another ankle-length cloak with leather shoes. His feet were amazingly big! And the colors in his flesh were more unpleasant in the daylight. It was like a poorly constructed mosaic, dizzying. Fortunately, Vidar kept most of his face hidden. The cloak stopped right under his corrosive eyes. 

Muriel put her eyes to the room. 

It was charming! 

Tall display cases with multiple dolls behind glass. A few chairs. Some tables with books. A tray with crackers. A tea set with two cups. The whole place had a relaxing yet artistic atmosphere. Muriel cooed as she walked inside. "Ohhhh!! This is a beautiful room!!" She went to one of the display cases to admire a pretty doll while Vidar closed and locked the door. "This one's a pretty little pet of a girl!" She pointed at another doll. "This boy has such a happy face!" Then she came across a display case that was covered with a white sheet. "Hm? What's this?" 

Heavy footsteps moved in on her. "Wait! Don't look there!" 

Muriel didn't listen. She peeked under the sheet. 

The footsteps stopped a a bit away from her. 

She lowered the sheet and said with a mildly surprised tone, "Those dolls are naked." Some of them were in very intimate positions. "You ... you certainly have fine skills." 

After almost a minute of silence, Vidar weakly said, "I'm a very lonely person." 

Muriel snorted out a laugh. "There's nothing wrong with designing your own pornography." She left the case and sat down near a stack of books. "Would you like for me to read to you?" 

Vidar sat down beside her and said, "I'd love that." 

The book she read aloud wasn't particularly engaging. It was a work of nonfiction about famous man-made structures around the known world. Massive sculptures, elaborate temples, tall border walls, beautiful tombs, those sorts of things were discussed in the book's text. But Vidar was quiet as she read, and his bundled body seemed relaxed. 

Nothing sexual happened on this visit with Prince Vidar, but Muriel was glad to know that she gave him a bit of innocent happiness. 

*** 

It was time for a shopping trip in the city. The first shop Muriel was led to was a jewelry store. She assumed this was where the betrothal ring was meant to be ordered. It was a delightful yet awkward scene. The princess loudly declared for everyone in the store to hear, "My poor son wants to be married, but his illness made it difficult to find a suitable bride. So he asked my dear companion to marry her. I'm quite pleased." 

As her fourth finger was being measured by a short female clerk, Muriel blushed at all the curious looks people were giving her. She had just been informally introduced as the future lady of the province. 

"As for the details," Princess Arya said as she took an envelope from a pocket, "my son has some requests, but he's also written that Muriel will have the last word on the matter." 

A second clerk, a young man with a weak chin, took the envelope and read the message inside. "Gemstones, sapphires, rubies, or diamonds. Metal, gold. Inscription, 'With honest love, Vidar.'" He smiled at Muriel. "Do you disagree with any of that?" 

Shaking her head, Muriel said, "No, Sir." 

The woman who had measured her fourth finger told her, "We've just received an order of rare sapphires, and not only the blues. We have pinks, greens, yellows, and these lovely ones that have pink and yellow and salmon all in one!" 

Princess Arya grinned and said, "Oh, such a beautiful multi-colored stone would be perfect! Bring them here!" 

Muriel nodded and hoped the stones truly were beautiful. 

And they were! 

They were like pink flames glowing in the tray the clerk held. Muriel's favorite was a stone shaped like a rounded rectangle. In the center of the stone, there was an orange color. Then, in a gradient, there was a thin yellow color round the center. Then a hint of salmon. And finally, a vibrant pink in the edges. The female clerk took a pair of large tweezers to the stone and held it over Muriel's finger. It was nearly long enough to touch both her knuckle and joint. 
