 Muriel woke up with fortitude burning in her mind. She told a maid, "My throat is dry. Could you please put a spoonful or two of honey in a cup of boiled water? I don't want to alarm anyone, so try to keep it a secret for me." 

Some minutes passed, and then the maid returned to her bedroom with a tray bearing a teapot full of hot honey water and a cup. Muriel thanked her and asked for her privacy. 

Then, when Muriel was certain that she had her chance, she searched her sewing kit for a bone needle. She found one, and then she dipped it in the water. 

She put the point to the mark on her toe. 

It hurt, but not too badly. There was hardly any blood. 

It took perhaps ten seconds. 

The needle's point turned green. 

*** 

"Is something wrong?" Vidar asked Muriel a bit after breakfast. 

They were sharing a couch facing a window. It was raining outside. Cold water pelted the glass. Princess Arya was taking a short nap in her room. 

"No, everything's been lovely, even magical." Her voice didn't have the liveliness associated with such a statement. 

Vidar nodded, but he made a raspy hum in his throat. 

More quiet. 

Vidar asked, "Are you angry with someone?" 

Muriel leaned against him, putting her shoulder and arm on his wrapped body. "Don't fret, Dearest. I'm only a bit uncomfortable." 

"Why is that?" 

She gave him the best lie she could think of. "An insect bit my toe. It even drew blood. Now I have a sore toe and and a bitter disposition." 

One of the patchy arms went over her shoulders. It was warm and thick. The hand gripped her shoulder. "You're worried over something. That bothers me. My betrothed should live a peaceful life." 

Muriel's hands were getting chilly. She thought to reach into a pocket and pull out a pair of gloves, but then she thought if Vidar felt her bare hand he would be comforted. So, she crossed an arm up to touch his hand. "I have more than a peaceful life. I have a leisurely life." 

As Vidar's next words rolled out, there was the odd sound of limbs stretching. "You're not showing your honesty today." 

"Excuse me?" Muriel turned to look at him, but her sight was mostly filled with hands. 

So many hands! 

She squealed. 

Then, so much pressure, contact. She was highly restrained. All her limbs were held down as her body was being carried away. She squealed again. It was every bit as alarming as having a crowd of people grab her. The scenery rolled along as she panicked. The thought she heard men's voices, but she didn't focus on what they were saying. 

Her breath shot in and out of her body. Her chest was aching as it moved quickly. Even though she was taking as much air as possible, it felt as if there was never enough. 

Her backside was on a mattress. 

"She might be hyperventilating! Release her!" 

Doctor Bergson? 

"Calm down." The doctor's voice was gentle and relaxing. "Everything's fine. Now calm down. Slowly breathe through your nose as deeply as you can." 

Muriel complied, keeping her breath slow and easy. She soon realized she was inside her bedroom, sitting down on the bed with Vidar right beside her. Doctor Bergson was standing over her. Nobody was touching her. 

Just then, Princess Arya entered the room, wearing a casual outfit with jumps. Her hair was mostly loose, only kept out of her face by a lone ribbon. "What's this madness? Is anyone injured?" 

"I don't believe so, Your Highness," the doctor said as he continued to look at Muriel's face. "I was asked to treat an insect's bite on Miss Devin's toe, but she seems to have overreacted to something." 

Princess Arya sat down on a recently purchased stool that Muriel happened to like. Her brow was wrinkled. "This isn't typical behavior. I demand you examine her bite immediately." 

Shaking her head, her breath picking up again, Muriel cried out, "No! No, it's fine! I'm fine! There's no need for all this trouble over something so insignificant!" 

"Breathe through your nose, remember?" the doctor reminded her. He was getting on his knees and reaching for one of her shoes. "If you don't relax you'll only damage yourself." 

"If you're hiding something," the princess said in a tone that frightened Muriel, "you'd best let us see it now. If a secret of yours appeared after you married my son, then it would be quite troublesome." 

Muriel's nose turned pink. She wiped at her eyes. Then she said to the doctor, "That's the wrong foot." 

Doctor Bergson nodded and went to the other shoe. 

When her foot was bare, the toes were examined. 

He found it. 

"This isn't a bite," the doctor said as he carefully held her foot in the air. "This is a small prick, and it's right on a strange mole with a blue tint in it." 

Muriel put her hands over her face, but quietly gave her admission. "I don't know when it appeared, but I've been worried about it. I pricked the mark with the required tool, and I learned this was indeed a fairy's mark. I don't know what spell's been placed on me. I don't know who put the mark there. I don't know very much at all." 

Doctor Bergson let her foot down. Then he took three steps backwards. "You have no idea what the spell is?" 

Peeking through her fingers, Muriel folded her bare leg up onto the bed. "No, Sir." 

"Has anything odd happened with you?" the doctor asked. 

"No, Sir," Muriel repeated. 

Vidar patted and rubbed her back. "I've heard rumors about inexperienced fairies having failed spells. It's possible that, aside from the mark, the spell on you doesn't have any effect." 

Muriel squeaked and sniffled. "I ... I honestly haven't noticed anything. My body's the same. I behave the same. People react to me as if I'm the same. Is it truly possible that this spell failed?" 

"There's no reason to assume otherwise," the princess said as she stood up. "Let her be so she can put herself back in proper order." She nodded to Muriel. "Pretend the mark isn't there. That will make all our lives much easier." 

Everyone left her alone then. Vidar petted her head before he got up, but he did leave. 

Muriel sat on her bed for a while and let her thoughts spread and settle in her mind. 

*** 

The wedding was planned for the end of summer, just when the Capital Season would also end. When Muriel asked Princess Arya where it would take place, she was surprised to learn it would be in the Royal Palace. "You're marrying the son of a king, after all," the princess said. 

"But Prince Vidar would hate to rest in the Royal Palace," Muriel said. "Wouldn't he prefer to have the wedding at this castle?" 

"I'm certain he would, but that doesn't matter much. The wedding will have to be at the palace in the morning, but when it's over he'll take you away to the house in the capital. In the night, you'll return to the palace for the ball celebrating the marriage." 

"A ball on the same day as a marriage?" Muriel said with high eyebrows. "We'll have hardly any time for rest even if we were to take rooms in the palace." 

"Sadly, there's nothing to do for it," said the princess. 

And that was that. 

Four seamstresses sent by the king himself arrived at the Vantrim Castle. Vidar went back into his old habit of hiding in secret passageways. He said he didn't want to cause the seamstresses any alarm while they tended to Muriel's form. They measured her body and drew sketches, asking for advice from Princess Arya on what was most appropriate, but also taking some of Muriel's requests. They remained at the castle for two days. Then they left to purchase the materials and begin construction. They planned on returning to Muriel every few weeks or so to show her the progress and adjust the pieces. 

Soon, there were more guests. Muriel's father and sisters had been asked to visit. She wondered if her sisters would react well knowing their youngest would marry before them, and to a prince ... an ugly monster of a prince but still a prince!! 

In the foyer on a dry morning, between the curved staircases Princess Arya stood very proudly. She was wearing a dark green gown with a boastfully wide skirt. Muriel stood beside her, wearing a similar outfit of cherry red. Behind the women, Vidar stood in his typical shabby clothing, wrapped up more securely than a sleeping bat, half of his face hidden. 

A moment or so passed, and then Glen, Evelyn, and Sarana Devin entered, and they did so slowly, with uncertain eyes. Muriel hurried down to meet them. She rammed into her father, almost knocking him over, and she pressed her cheek against his chest. "I'm so delighted to see you, Papa! Are you well?" 

Gently patting her back, her father answered, "I'm well, very well, Pretty Ferret. I'm much more concerned about you instead." 

Muriel smiled up at him. His face looked tight. "I'm amazingly well," she told him. Then she went to Sarana and hugged her. "I hope your journey was uneventful." 

"No highwaymen, no accidents, nothing," Sarana said with a cool voice. Her blonde hair was tight under a felt hat with a sparkling pin on the brim. 

Muriel hugged Evelyn too. "All three of you look so healthy and bright. I'm so pleased." 

"The city's warmth and excitement is quite good for the complexion," Evelyn said as she patted her brown hair. Muriel disagreed with that claim, but she didn't argue. 

"Come, come," Muriel said to her family, gesturing with some hand waves. "Let me introduce all of you to my betrothed and his mother." She walked towards said people while her family nervously kept a few steps behind her. With happy fingers pointing towards each person, Muriel said, "Her Royal Highness, Princess Arya, of Junjaia. His Royal Highness, Prince Vidar of our beloved Norantha." 

Each member of her immediate family curtsied or bowed, depending on their sexes. 

Then Princess Arya gave a light nod and polite greetings were shared. 

Vidar surprised Muriel by stepping forward and bowing quite deeply. "I must apologize to you, Mr. Devin. I asked your daughter to marry me without ever being introduced to you. I hope you'll be able to forgive me." 

Glen Devin's lips thinned and slid about as his eyes blinked many times. He took in the weird appearance of the man that was meant to become his son-in-law, the man who was also a prince. His eyebrows lowered and he put his hands behind his back. Then he turned his eyes away. "These circumstances provide a fine rationalization. There's no need to apologize." 

Muriel heard Evelyn step over to Sarana and whisper something in her ear. She rolled her eyes and put a hand against Vidar's bundled form. "When you're all finished refreshing yourselves, we'll have tea." She smiled at Princess Arya. "Unless our dear Madam has something else in mind." 

"Oh no, Muriel," the princess said. "My bones need a cup of hot tea." 

*** 

Muriel's father seemed willing to sit at the tea table as any normal guest would, but Muriel's sisters noticeably dragged their chairs a foot or so away from the table. When they sat down, their faces turned sullen and they hardly drank any tea. Most of the conversation was given by Muriel, her father, and Princess Arya. Vidar looked roughly at a corner of the room and only changed his behavior when he was directly addressed. Then he'd return his gaze to the corner. 

"Oh?" Her father said as he took Muriel's hand. "Is this your betrothal ring? The center gemstone is exquisite." 

"It's a variety of sapphire," Muriel said. "My dear prince is uncaring of expenses. He was happy to let me have this betrothal ring." 

Evelyn sucked some air between her teeth. Sarana gave a small, quiet tap to Evelyn's arm, as if to quiet her. Muriel knew that their betrothal rings were just as beautiful as hers. Why would Evelyn even bother to express anything negative? Was she jealous about the sapphire itself? It was a little big, and very colorful, but that wasn't a reason to be irritable. 

"I suppose it's fine to marry the master here," her father said with a smile, "since you've been living in this castle for a long while. I imagine you're already accustomed to this place." 

"I've been earnestly welcomed," Muriel said as she picked up a little snack to bite before taking a sip from her cup. 

When tea was finished, Princess Arya rose and said, "I'd like a bit of exercise. Would our guests care for a tour?" 

Glen Devin nodded and put on a light smile. "That would be lovely, Your Highness. Thank you." 

*** 

The night had come unusually quickly, or it felt that way in Muriel's mind. She tried to sleep, but she couldn't. Her sinuses were acting up again. She gave up and got out of bed. She put on her warmest casual clothing, choosing gloves over a muff so she could hold onto a lamp, and left the keep. 

Outside, chatting to herself, waiting for her sinuses to open up. 

She had a scarf around her shoulders and throat. She tugged some of it up over her mouth and nose, imitating her betrothed in a way. She was mumbling nonsense about roaches and mice when something big and dark seemed to fall from the sky before her, making a great thump in the grass. 

Muriel screamed. 

But then a hand went to her mouth, and a voice said, "Hush! Hush, Darling! It's only me!" 

Vidar?! 

Muriel's body loosened. 

But a guard's heavy boots banged out steps behind her. "Is everything alright?" the guard asked. 

The hand slipped away. Vidar said to the guard, "Everything's fine." 

Muriel lifted her lamp up. She saw the extended face of her betrothed under a hooded cloak lined with fur. She looked back at the guard with a smile. "I'm terribly sorry. I was startled, but we're fine." 

"Alright then," the guard said as he went back to his position. 

Muriel turned back to Vidar and quietly asked, "Why are you outside in this dreadful cold?" 

She heard his limbs pop as he seemed to lean towards his left. "I'm exercising, but you're a woman. You have thinner skin. Why are you outside?" 

Huffing a bit, Muriel told him, "My sinuses wouldn't let me sleep. Fresh air is normally the best remedy for that." 

"Is that so?" Vidar said as he straightened up. 

"It is so," Muriel insisted with a frown. "What sort of exercise have you been doing at night?" 

"Hmmmmmmm ... you need to promise to be quiet." 

"Huh?" She blinked two times. "Very well. I promise I'll be quiet." 

Vidar nodded down at her. "Put out your lamp." 

Muriel rotated the metal dial that dimmed her light out into nothing. 

Cold darkness. 

Then, two hands seized her waist. 

Vidar jumped up. The air rushed over them. He seemed to grip something with his other hands. Muriel could see the shadowy forms in the gardens. Her body was dangling in the air. The only reason her oil lamp didn't fall was because her fingers stubbornly kept it safe. 

Muriel wanted to cry out, but she lightly bit her tongue to stop herself. 

Vidar sat her down on a hard but gently sloped surface. Then he was sitting down beside her. "You may have your light again." 

Muriel turned the dial. 

"Oh! We're on a roof!" She reached over to get a hold on Vidar's body. 

"In the night, I usually find time to climb and leap about the castle's exteriors. Avoiding the guards is fairly simple for me. It was never a problem, but I suppose I don't need to avoid them now." 

She looked up at his dark, elongated profile. His cloak's hood had been knocked back; the sharpness of his face was quite obvious. "Do you ... do you keep your body fit by clambering around as a monkey might do?" 

He nodded. "I don't think clamber is the correct word, but yes. It's good for my body." 

Muriel looked up at the sparkling night sky and said, "Oh, I might have seen you once. On a tower, was it? I can't remember it well, but I know I thought there was a bird or something else lurking around." 

"That was me," Vidar confirmed. One of his arms left the safe warmth of his cloak so it could drape around her shoulders and hold her to him. "The stars are truly divine. Wouldn't you agree?" 

After a languid sigh, Muriel said, "They're beautiful." She was snuggling into Vidar's warmth. He was bumpy but that didn't matter very much. "I saw something similar in a window once, a figure walking to the shore under the cliff. Was that also you?" 

"It most likely was. There's a tunnel that leads to the beach. I often creep down there just to clear my mind." 

"Would you mind taking me with you next time? I'd love to smell the sea and touch the water." 

"Shortly before the Capital Season, when the weather's much warmer, I'll take you to the sea," Vidar promised with a voice that felt sleepy. His almost blade-like nose lowered to her head and nuzzled her through her cloak's hood. 

Muriel closed her eyes, lowered her scarf, and pulled on his Vidar's clothing. His face rose, and then it returned to give her mouth a kiss that nearly shooed away the cold. Both their faces were chilled, but Muriel stopped noticing that. Their lips fitted together well, perhaps because they were so different from each other. 

She was the first to open her teeth and let her tongue reach him. He met the touch in kind, stroking her tongue with his. 

Blood? A taste of blood? 

They pulled away from each other. Vidar touched her face and said, "You're having a nosebleed." 

"Oh?" Muriel opened her eyes and looked down at the tips of her shoes. "I'm sorry." 

He seemed to dig under his clothing. Then he pulled out a plain handkerchief and wiped at her face. "I'll carry you away. Put out your light." 

She turned the dial and let Vidar pick her up and take her down to a safer location. Then he escorted her inside the keep. He didn't lead her to her bedchamber, though. He led her to his. 

While Muriel stood near the closed and locked door, head lowered, pinching her nostrils with the handkerchief, Vidar put her lamp on his favorite bureau and went to light the fireplace. Her gloves had been stuffed in a pocket so she wouldn't get any more blood on them. 

As far as she knew, Vidar still insisted on keeping the servants out of his bedroom, and he cleaned it all on his own. Maybe one day he'd change his mind. 

When there was a cheery fire in the hearth, Vidar took Muriel by her shoulders and led her to a space near that heat. Then he dragged a stool close so she could sit down on it. 

"Do you feel weak?" 

"I'm fine," Muriel said. "Give it a moment." 

Vidar's voice buzzed in his throat as he took another stool and sat down beside her. He waited, staring at her for half a minute, before he asked, "How are you now?" 

Muriel dabbed into her nostril. "Hmmmm, it seems to have ended. Thank you for lending me your handkerchief." She held it out to him. 

"This was my doing, wasn't it?" he said as he took the cloth away. 

A shake of her head, and she told him, "My sinuses were irritated beforehand. There wasn't much to do for it." 

"Well ... fine then." Vidar touched her shoulder. 

Muriel thought they should continue. She left her seat, bent over a little, and put her ordinary arms around her betrothed. He smelled like fresh air, salt, and wood. 

Again, they kissed each other, multiple times, giving each other loving words whenever they could. Muriel's eyes were closed again. Blindness made these moments easier. 

Her bosom and spine both tingled with anticipation. 

Yes, to the bed? Please? 

Vidar rose and led her there. 

The bed!! Such relief!! 

Her cloak opened up as her back met the mattress. Her fingernails combed the fur in Vidar's clothing. His heat loomed over her and sunk in. More deep kisses, more tasting, more and more ... 

But it paused for only a moment. Muriel felt Vidar dipping into the mattress beside her. Then he turned her so he could kiss her again, putting an arm around her back, holding her close to his bundles of limbs. 

One of Muriel's arms snaked down between their bodies, and she fumbled, but it didn't take long for Vidar to open a section of his cloak and put aside some of his clothing so he could guide her hand. 
