 The Waters

Wil waited by the water for her. She said she would be there just after the moon rose, and it had just minutes before. He stood by the water, the moonlight reflected in its surface. And he wanted her.

A few more agonizing minutes passed and then he heard something and as he turned he saw the movement of a lithe figure coming towards the pool. She wore a white shift that almost glimmered in the moonlight. Her movements were smooth along the path, secure in her footsteps taken so many times in the past. Her platinum hair caught the moonlight as well and she looked like a Goddess, perhaps Aphrodite incarnate, as she glided through the moonlit glade.

Not a word was spoken as she took Wil's hand and led him into the water. He wore only his under clothing and expected the water to be cold but it was warm and they moved across the shallows to the small waterfall at the pools back. Right in front of the waterfall were some moss covered rocks. She led him to them and motioned for him to sit. As he did so she stood in front of him, his back to the waterfall. He could feel the spray and it made him shiver slightly as goose bumps raised on his skin. But were they goose bumps from anticipation or from the spray?

She nudged his knees apart with hers and stood between his legs. Her hands ran over his shoulders and to his hair and she pulled his head close to her body. Will rested it just below her breasts and she ran her fingers through his hair and then she moved, straddling his legs with hers and sitting down in his lap facing him.

Her body was fit. Years of running and riding trimmed her and toned her. Wil ran his hands over her smooth skin and he leaned towards her and rubbed the tip of his nose against hers. Her arms wrapped around his neck pulling him closer and he moved his lips to hers but did not touch them. They hovered that way for a moment, like two magnets pushing each other ever so slightly away until he tilted his head to the side slightly and she pulled him in. Their lips met and it was as if a small electric spark had gone off. She pulled him closer and he tasted her lips, giving her one little kiss after another, moving, and completely tasting her lips. Her fingers continued to play with his hair as Wil's hands ran over her smooth back. Feeling her, touching her, almost memorizing every curve and strand of her skin and muscles. She arched her back to his questing hands, pushing herself into him and she shifted her hips to bring herself even closer to him.

Wil continued to kiss her and his hands, almost of their own volition, slid along and down her sides until his palms rested on her hips. His fingers wrapped around to the back and he pulled her in even closer. And then he felt it, her legs tightened around him and he could feel her heels at his back. His breathe quickened for a moment and she moaned, feeling how strongly he held her. Wil let out a small throaty noise in response.

Her heart began to race as he ran the tip of his tongue over her upper lip. Hers teased him as he did this and he moved down to her neck as she shifted her hips to settle into his lap even further. Wil's hands slid up her sides and rested just below her armpits. His thumbs slowly sliding over her skin until they rest just below her breasts. She caught her breath as his thumbs worked their way up until the pads nestled on her nipples. Wil could feel them through the thin fabric and as he pressed, she moaned. 

Wil brought his lips to hers again and kissed her. She responded and kissed him deeply. Her hunger for him now starting to drive her actions.

Wil pressed his thumbs against her nipples as he kissed her hard, his tongue tentatively searching for hers. She arched her back, wanting so much more and pressed her breasts into him. In response he slid his left hand around to her back to help support her as he used his right hand to undo the ties at the front of her shift between her breasts. All the while her hands felt the strong muscles of his back, her heart beating faster in anticipation. 

Wil tipped her back a little and pushed the fabric back from her left breast. He kissed her lips, her chin, down her throat and across her collar bone. One of her hands found the back of his head and yet she resisted the urge to pull him to her. He trailed kisses over her skin and she moaned again, wanting so much more than these kisses. 

He tipped her back a little further and she let her head fall back, the tips of her hair trailing in the water. He continued to rain kisses upon her and then he bit her gently on the breast, avoiding her nipple for now. He let out a little "Mmmmmmm." and then softly said "feels so good..."

Her nipples were pert, her body responding to his touches and then she felt his breath on her left nipple. It tightened even more. He was so close and then she could not hold back and she pulled him to her. She let out a little sigh as his lips touched her, surrounding her nipple and then he sucked. It was like a jolt went through her and she felt a tightening deep within her. 

Wil rolled his head slightly in slow circles as he sucked, both hands now behind her back supporting her. The feelings were intense for her and her heart beat even faster. She rocked her hips slowly as he suckled and then he turned his head slightly, letting her nipple pop out of his mouth. He rested his cheek against her breast and she pushed against him, still running her fingers through his hair and moaning " I want you..."

Wil could hear the beat of her heart, fast and steady. He moved his head and with his teeth uncovered her right breast. He kissed her left nipple again and then bit it gently. She caught her breath again and then he began to kiss her skin, from left nipple to right. Running her hands over his skin she pulled him to her again when he reached her right nipple. Pressing her breast against his lips. Her eyes were wide as she whispered "oh my God, you are making me so hot!"

He sat up a little and pulled her back up, his lips searching for hers again. She moved her lips to his ear and whispered "I can't take much more of this." and he responded "Mmmmmm... You feel so wonderful darling." All she could do was nod and smile.

Wil kissed her lightly again and she let her shift slide off her shoulders and into the water. Her breasts were firm and she pressed them against his chest as he nuzzled her neck and shoulder. 

She wanted him so bad. And his actions told her that he wanted her too...

Both looked up and the faint glimmer of the pre-dawn started to cut across the sky. She stood and looked, first to the horizon and then to him. Could she chance the dawn? She was a child of the night and it was time for her to go. She looked wistfully at him and as he reached for her she sped away; Her diaphanous robes billowing after her as she moved through the glade.