 Do midsummer dreams come true? Wil wondered this as he walked through the quiet woodscape. It had been some time since he had seen her last but the time seemed right and the phase of the moon the same as when he had seen her last. 

As he walked he saw a light ahead., Firelight. He crept furtively towards it. Stopping every few steps to listen. The moon cast its glow down upon the woods and he had to move from tree to tree to keep to the shadows. It was full and bright. Wil saw a scene that excited him. She was dancing there around the fire with a number of other women, in various states of undress.

As he watched, she saw him and smiled. She moved so sensuously and now started to dance for him. Her hips swayed in a very seductive manner and he was mesmerized by the movement. Her breasts were full, yet not too big, and the curve of her hips beckoned him to run his hands over them. As Wil let his mind wander she moved closer and closer to him until she was dancing right in front of him. She lifted her hands above her head and swayed in the moonlight. The shadows playing over her breasts. Wil's breathing quickened as he watched her. He took in the curve of her breasts, her perk nipples, and the gentle curve of her belly.

She danced even closer now and looped her arms over his head pulling him in close and giving him a sensuous kiss. Her hips still swayed as she squatted slowly down, unbuttoning his shirt and then his pants as she moved. She slowly removed his clothing, not stopping her movement, her dancing. He was captivated by her and she began to rub her body against his as she moved erotically around him.

Wil watched her and felt her smooth skin against him and then she moved back and raising a hand she motioned with her index finger for him to follow.

She led him further into the woods away from the fire. The full moon cast silver rays down through the canopy and she stopped next to a small bubbling stream. The ground was covered with ferns and leaves and there was one spot near the water that looked almost to be a bed, soft moss covering it like a blanket.

She pushed him softly down onto the moss. It was on a shallow slope and so Wil was able to recline back and watch her. She moved almost catlike and standing in a one moonbeam she danced again; moving oh so seductively. She got down on all fours and crawled slowly to him until she was between his knees. Turning, she nestled into his arms and he slid his hands around her, lingering on her belly for a moment. Wil reveled in the feel of her skin and he could smell her intoxicating scent. 

Wil began to kiss her on the neck, his head awhirl, and he spread his legs a little so she could settle down even more into his embrace. Trailing his right hand down over her hip and down her thigh, he felt the smooth skin again as he also snugged his other hand up under her right breast. She let her head rest on his chest as he felt her. A sigh then escaped her lips as Wil let his thumb slide up between her breasts as he cupped her.

"Mmmmmm. Yessssss...." was all she said. She wanted him.

Wil pressed the palm of his hand against her nipple, flexed his fingers slightly and then brought them back down and squeezed her breast lightly. As he started to massage her his right hand played over the front of her thigh and then slipped between her legs. She parted her legs slightly as he slid his hand up the inside of her thigh until he reached the top.

He traced a line with his index finger along the crease where her leg meets her hip, then he closed his fingers together and slid his hand down over her pussy and lingered there. Wil pressed down with his middle finger until it slid between her pussy lips. He moved his hand up and down slightly, slipping his finger between her lips and then slowly inserted it into her. Agroan escaped her lips as he slowly pushed his way in and she brought a hand to his hand on her breast a pressed so he had to massage her breast harder.

She was warm and moist and his finger slid in easily. Curling the tip he worked his finger around till he hit her G spot and it was like a jolt of electricity for her. She moaned again and pressed back into him. She could feel his hardness against her back as she tried to melt into him. Opening her legs wide she gave him full access to her sex. 

Wil pressed his palm against her clit as he cirlcled her G spot with his finger and slipped it in and out of her. His silk smooth lips kissed his finger as he slowly fucked her with it. She started to rock her hips slightly, pressing the small of her back against his manhood and now begging him "two please, use two!".

Will obliged and turned his hand slightly so he could slip his middle and ring ringer into her. Keeping just the fingertips inside her he pressed his palm against her clit again and then he slid all the way into her, his index finger and pinky sliding along the creases on either side of her pussy where her legs came together. Sliding in and out his palm would bump her clit each time he was fully inside her.

Her breathing quickened as he did this. Using her so nicely and giving her so much pleasure. A tingling began to start in the pit of her belly and he could tell she was starting to get close as her pussy tightened around his fingers. He then pushed in as far as he could and using his palm he massaged her clit.

Passion enveloped her as she started to buck a little and then it hit her; Jolts of electricity flooding her body and making her cry out...

"Oh God Yeeessssss!!!"

She came over and over again as his palm continued to rotate against her. Finally spent she collapsed against him, her body shaking every so often as the after affect of her orgasm left her spent.

Both looked as the night sky began to fade a little in the pre-dawn light. She slowly rose and stood over him and smiled. And then like before she disappeared into the darkness and away.