 Night fell. The visitors trickled out of the museum. Soon only the guide was left. After one last glance around the hall, he flicked off the lights and locked the doors. Then he, too, left the building.

Hours later, in the dead of the night, another man arrived at the museum. He fumbled with a dozen keys as he found the right one for the museum doors. Stepping inside, he closed and locked the doors behind him, then headed off to the cleaning closet to collect his equipment.

The janitor was a simple man. A man past his prime, who looked every bit as old as he was. He had never married, never had much luck with the ladies. Until this job. It was his job to ensure every exhibit looked spotless for the new round of visitors each morning. In times past this had meant long, hard hours, scrubbing and scouring and soaking and scrubbing again. With the current exhibits, though, his job became much simpler. Mop the floors, polish the glass. This was exactly what he did for the first few weeks, but he could never help gawking at the alluring figures beyond the glass.

When the purple-haired minx had been brought in, however, and that devious contraption had been built to contain her, it became too much to handle. He could no longer ignore the desire burning inside him as he worked mere inches away from such exuberant beauty. 

Of course, fucking the exhibits wasn't an official perk of the job, but who was going to notice if he arrived at work with an extra spring in his step? Nonetheless he was careful, picking his conquests with caution, entering exhibits where his presence wouldn't undermine the security of a Super Menace's restraints. And of course, cleaning up all evidence of his exploits once he was satisfied.

Tonight's target: the meta-human redhead known as Poison Ivy. Her milky green, vine-entangled skin had always repulsed him, but looking at her now with her crimson locks draped around her shoulders and her eyes closed in peaceful slumber, he glimpsed the erstwhile beauty of the former doctor and wondered how many times she must have been shunned by people who saw her exactly as he had. Besides, he'd done the rounds of every other female Super Menace several times over and he was feeling adventurous for something new.

Stepping inside her enclosure, his chest tightened as a wall of heat hit him. It was a dry heat, like that of a scorching summer's day, prone to combustion at the slightest encouragement. He'd forgotten how diverse the climates inside these cells could be. But he understood the reason for this one: Poison Ivy had possessed some sort of plant power, and plants needed moisture to thrive. Dry heat made leaves brittle and weak... and probably had a similar effect on the woman herself.

Numerous small plants and ferns dotted the glass enclosure - all plastic, of course. It wouldn't do to feed her powers just for the sake of a more authentic exhibit. He shuffled around to her front, standing between her and the glass. In the dim light her ashen skin seemed to glow a pale green. Her legs were parted invitingly in a slight V to showcase the dark green vines entwined around her legs like creepers, so fine and snug that they appeared to be part of her flesh. Her whole body was raised slightly off the floor, wide metal bands encircling her legs, wrists, and torso in multiple places. Her feet were positioned en pointe, yet the top of her head was only just level with his. Her busty chest heaved with slow, slumberous breaths.

Despite her abnormal skin tone, Frank found himself admiring the woman's body as the picture of beauty. Her frame was a more traditional hourglass figure, with a narrow waist and flared hips giving way to a shapely posterior. Her chiselled navel added contours to her flat stomach, and the ramp down to her snatch was lightly covered with small, moss-like leaves that were soft to the touch.

Beside her, an ivory mannequin stood in a power stance, bearing nothing but a few scant leaves around the crotch and upper chest. If this was what she "wore" it was no wonder men so easily fell for her. Truth be told, she was beginning to grow on him too. Maybe she wouldn't be his worst fuck of the week. 

"Why hello there, beautiful," he said in a gravelly voice. "Ready for ol' Frank to show you a good time?"

There was no reply, as always, but in his mind he imagined her mouth curling in a slight smile. Her mouth... Without the glass between them he noticed a slight sheen to her olive green lips, as though coated with freshly-applied lip gloss. In fact they looked rather succulent, colour notwithstanding. Perhaps he'd steal a kiss later.

Frank unzipped his fly and dropped his trousers. Not for the first time, he grinned stupidly at the inadvertent convenience of displaying all Super Menaces fully nude. He stepped forward and raised his growing manhood with trembling hands. He was already hard simply from standing next to the vixen, but he cradled his shaft a few moments longer as it grew to its full albeit modest length. Then he leaned forward and guided it home.

A long, ragged sigh escaped his lips. She wasn't just good; she was divine. Her labia parted like a blooming flower, soft and aromatic, and as he slid inside her the walls of her vagina pressed against him with a moss-like texture that tickled on every side. He kept pushing until his scraggly bush met her leafy green one, cushioning his thrust. He was in heaven, and this was only the first thrust. So he took another. And another, as if to convince himself this was real. Each thrust brought a fresh appreciation for the nuanced sensations Miss Ivy's wonderful pussy bestowed. His member seemed to swell larger than ever before, more sensitive than ever before, overwhelming his senses with bliss.

His eyes latched onto her buxom chest and widened with surprise. Her breathing had quickened, and her chest now heaved with vitality almost matching his own. Even in her induced slumber, she was growing aroused. Incredible. Her nipples were responding too, turning from dry nubs to proud teepees. Her areolae glistened with a juicy red nectar that seemed to form on her skin like beads of sweat. He felt an inexplicable urge to taste it, so he did, lowering his own dry lips to her nipples and sucking intently. The nectar tasted as succulent as it looked, intensely sweet with a tangy edge, and he moved to her other nipple to try more. 

An increasingly pungent aroma of fragrant herbs and juniper berries filled the confined space. He realised he was smelling the scent of her arousal as her body responded to his touch, and she smelt incredible. The exotic cocktail of fragrances summoned thoughts of wide, open meadows, sheltered from the wind by tall pines around the edge, birds and forest creatures humming contently as they flitted freely about the warm meadow. Freedom... How unlike the current environment in which he stood: a small glass box imprisoning a sleeping beauty. It was wrong, really... She ought to be free, free to dance around in such meadows to her heart's desire. And he could be the one to free her, if he wished. Did he wish that? It would be the end of his job for certain. But how could he be so selfish, thinking only of his job while Miss Ivy remained restrained?

He took another deep breath, breathing in the fresh pine leaves, the sweet scent of buttercups and nectar. Yes, he had to release her. But how? He didn't have the key to these restraints, and couldn't see any way of loosening them. A solid steel bar sprouted from the floor and ran all the way up her spine to her neck, ending in a slim collar. Wide metal bands surrounded her body along its length. If there was a central locking mechanism to release all the bands, he couldn't see it. His best chance would probably be to try the bolt cutters in the maintenance closet. 

Sliding out of her succulent depths, he tucked away his manhood and slipped out of the glass cage. Upon reaching the maintenance closet his eyes scanned the assorted tools as his mind turned to confusion. What had he come here for again?

After a few moments he shrugged it off. It couldn't have been that important. He returned to his cleaning trolley and noticed Poison Ivy's door ajar, remembering what he'd been doing there. Oh yes. The green queen had been quite the enjoyable fuck. In fact - he paused to consider - she might just be his new favourite. 

A lazy grin of anticipation filled his features as he thought of the following night's shift. The bliss he'd experienced clung to him like a dreamy memory, occupying his mind while his hands completed the job they were contracted to do. 

***

Inside her glass prison, Poison Ivy seethed. She'd been that close... That close to making the depraved fool release her. Granted, she was grateful for his company. If it wasn't for him and his nervous perspiration, she'd never have awoken from her enforced slumber. Every drop of moisture gave her power. A few drops of sweat wasn't enough to restore her strength, but it was ample juice to plant a few suggestions in an old man's head. And her pheromones worked of their own accord, cultivating a powerful infatuation and giving motive to comply with her desires. 

But it hadn't been enough. Whether her influence had waned as he'd left her cell, or whether he'd simply fallen victim to the forgetfulness of old age, the man had not freed her as she'd asked. And now she'd have to endure a whole day of gawking tourists before getting another shot with him. She almost wished the memory gas would work faster, to save her the humiliation of being conscious for the day. But no, she'd designed the gas to be insidious, having a slow, creeping effect on its victims - slow enough that they didn't even notice until it was too late. It was her spiteful tribute to the meddling so-called superheroes that had so often sabotaged her projects. So what if those projects involved the eviction of a small city block? Or a cloud of deadly spores that only occasionally drifted across populated streets? It wasn't like scientific advancements came without risk. 

Then they had come to her. The government, in the form of a young agent by the name of Rick Flag, had sought her out. Not as Poison Ivy, but as Pamela Isley, a renowned toxicologist - and perhaps more pertinently, smart, sexy, and single. After all, there were many more reliable specialists he could have sought, but he'd come to her, the freak. Sure, she had enough control of her chlorophyll levels to render her skin a human appearance when it suited her, but green skin or not, her flowing red hair and distinguished features marked her out easily on any government database. The agent had known who she was, no question. So she'd played along. Good, she'd thought. The government finally realised how much of a nuisance Super-Slut and Bats are.

They'd gotten her working on a gas to subdue the newly-termed "Super Menaces," and she'd jumped at the opportunity. It had been her pride and joy, pouring her many skills into a substance she knew would one day cause her adversaries so much grief. Agent Flag had pushed her to excellence with increasingly challenging requirements - make it clear, and odourless, yet denser than air, and make it not just subdue cells, but preserve them, bestowing longevity to its victims, and make it act as a paralytic, blocking motor neurons... The revelation that Supergirl's own blood had been the key to unlocking the gas's full potential was the icing on the cake. Still, Flag had been a tough taskmaster, but she'd been a tougher ward. They'd shared a bed within a day of his arrival. Then a table. Then the wall. He must have realised she was using him, but he'd had no idea at what cost until his loyalties came to be tested. By the time the government came knocking, she'd had him so tightly wound around her finger so as to make him her willing pawn for life. 

Ultimately, her sedition came to nought. When betrayal came, she was so helplessly outnumbered that she'd commanded Agent Flag to complete his assignment and keep his new allegiance their secret. She'd hoped he'd have some sway in the proceedings, but in the end she was thrown into a cold, dark place and faded into memory like all the other powered individuals. Looking back, she realised the government's betrayal was inevitable - but she'd been too driven by spite to see it.

Consequently here she was, confined by excessive metal restraints in a glass box that put her lewdly on display for the masses. At least it was better than the maximum-security prison they'd held her in previously. Time must have weakened their resolve, made them underestimate her prowess. If her only hope of escape was a senile janitor, then she'd drive him to death if it meant getting free of this demeaning captivity. 

Dawn came, and with it a new wave of patrons to gawk at the museum's contemporary exhibit. Pamela kept her eyes closed, feigning the same state of catatonia they were accustomed to, but this time her senses were alive with stimuli. Through her eyelids she sensed the light shift as people came and went. She heard muted conversations, low and indistinct, and the occasional tap on the glass. She felt the fans blowing warm air into her box, drifting over her naked flesh, drying every pore out like sandpaper. And how she itched. It was just as well her arms were pinned to her sides, or she'd be scratching herself every few seconds. 

Eventually the bustle died down, leaving her in silence. It was another few hours before her lifeline returned. She heard him first, opening her enclosure and stepping carefully inside, then felt his hand as he rubbed her nipple. She didn't react. She was hanging by a thread here: one false move and she could blow her only chance at escape. But this time she had a plan.

***

Frank smiled at the green-skinned vixen hanging peacefully in her restraints. Her full breasts drew his attention, the only parts of her body that were left to swing freely, and moments later he was sucking that sweet nectar from her areolae. He was about to free his bulging manhood when he felt a sudden urge to stop. A new smell had caught his attention, or a memory of a smell, for it was so faint he might have imagined it. It was an old, familiar taint, one he hadn't inhaled in years... tabacco. Why was he suddenly thinking of tabacco? He'd given up smoking years ago. Yet suddenly he had an unshakeable urge to light one up. He could think of nothing else now. 

A few minutes later Frank returned to Poison Ivy's enclosure clutching the only pack of smokes he could find on the premises. It was the curator's own pack, but he was desperate. He flicked out a lighter with the cigarette in his mouth and inhaled deeply. This was the stuff, alright. But moments later he felt confused again. He'd given up breathing this poison in his youth; why now? Why here? 

His answer came a few seconds later. With a loud alarm that made him jump, the smoke detectors were triggered and a sprinkler activated overhead. He looked up, disorientated by the sudden noise and water. When his gaze dropped back down his heart skipped a beat.

Poison Ivy stood before him, very much awake. Water gushed over her bare skin like a waterfall, her voluminous hair dripping freely. Her olive green lips were stretched into an unsettling smile, and her emerald green eyes sparkled as they stared straight back into his. Behind her, the restraints of her former prison were snapped and bent aside.

She stepped forward and planted a kiss directly on his lips. He blinked once in shock, then tried to pull away only to find he couldn't. In fact he couldn't move at all. 

"Why, hello, Frank," she whispered as their lips parted. "Ready for Miss Ivy to show you a good time?"

He tried to scream, but his lips weren't responding. His vocal chords weren't responding. Only his heart kept beating, though each beat felt like a palpable struggle.

Poison Ivy chuckled and turned away, her hair whipping his face. She slipped out of the drenched enclosure and closed the door behind her.