 Frank and Alison were on the couch, making out a little - nothing too heavy going on, but Alison could tell Frank was already getting heated. Suddenly Frank asked if Alison wanted to watch a movie, "Got anything hot?"

Alison looked a little irritated, "Damn. Not really, I have this one DVD that I got off the internet but I lent it to Karen. She promised she would get it back to me before this weekend, but she never did, and she's out of town right now. I really wanted you to see that movie too, it's incredible."

Frank sank back down on the couch, "Not that big a deal. Maybe you could describe it. That could be fun, if it's that good." His look indicating he didn't believe it was.

Alison poked him in the ribs, "It is. I've watched it a 1000 times. I have literally memorized every single second of it."

Frank looked slightly impressed, "Wow. That must be a pretty good flick. Come on, tell me about it. "

"OK," Alison said, "but you have to promise not to interrupt with questions. I might lose my place."

Frank agreed. Alison slipped her legs over his, sitting partly on his lap as she started to describe the movie...

It starts with a guy going to this sort of futuristic arcade thing. There's this little chamber in one corner, and there's a sign on it, that says Out of Order. He asks one of the employees what it is and they tell him it's this brand new game that's supposed to be amazing - where you get the ultimate in virtual reality. But there was a recall on it, and they are sending it back in the morning. The guy eventually decides he wants to try it out, though I guess that's kinda dumb, but hey, it is a movie. He hides in the bathroom until they close, and then he goes to the machine.

There's an emblem on the side, but there's no name. He plugs the game in, and then he goes inside the chamber, and there's a screen above some controls. When he sits in this seat, the screen comes on. The screen tells him to attach these sensor things to his body in different spots, and then a woman's voice says the welcome message.

"Welcome to the Xanadu system. Please remain still while the system reads your biometric status. When the scan is complete, you will be asked to verify your consent to continue by verbal agreement. You will be asked to speak your name, your credit code, and an affirmative response. This signifies a legally binding agreement to your use of the Xanadu system, and further attests that you understand the instructions and information provided by your gaming attendant, and that you use this system at your own risk. The Xanadu system provides the ultimate in experiences, and the federal gaming commission has approved this system for use by the general public. Please remember that you are only in temporary use of your alternate, and therefore you are required not to bring harm to them or others during this session. Any failure to adhere with this requirement will be a violation of gaming code z682.9, and is a felony punishable by up to 15 years in prison. Prosecution of this felony will also include a charge for your violation, equal to you having performed the crime outside the Xanadu system. Your scan is now complete; please state your name, credit code, and verbal consent to use of the Xanadu system."

So he says his name, and his code, and a yes, and then it looks like he passes out. He wakes up a second later in this brightly decorated room, There are people all around the outer rim of the big floor. He's tied to this wooden X shape, facing it, and it's covered in a red silk cloth. He's completely naked. The people are all dressed in these really cool robes.

He's about to say something, when a woman walks around in front of him, and opens this cabinet a couple of feet away. She's dressed in a dark rich burgundy silk robe. It's cut to show off her legs and her breasts. Her hair is in the upsweep with those oriental chop-stick things criss-crossed in it. She's really sexy and elegant. The cabinet's got maybe 10 different things, all hung up, really displaying them. There are a few different kinds of leather whips and paddles. There's even this one that looks like a kind of tennis racquet, but all black lacquered wood. Then she tells him to choose. He's really confused, and a little freaked out. He says he doesn't know what she means.

Then she says, "Do not increase your punishment my sweet. You know the rules. Choose the device that will ensure your punishment is adequate to your crime."

He gets it, but he's really trying to avoid it, so he says, "I know I might have asked this before, but I still don't really understand. Why do I get to choose? I mean, wouldn't I just pick the thing that I think will be the least painful?"

She smiles at him in this sort of sly way, obviously thinking his confusion is a ruse to encourage her. She leans in close to his face and says, "And which of the items, would you imagine, would be the least painful?"

He looks scared, but he finally he chooses an item with a long leather handle, with dozens of strips of leather hanging from it, but no knots, like a cat of nine's tail would have. Her look gets even more wicked, "Very well my sweet charge. I will play along with your game. Let us test this theory, that this item is the least painful."

She walks behind him and uses her wrist in this really precise way. She lashes him about a half dozen times; taking the perfect pause between each flick. At this point, you can see his back, and the thing doesn't leave a single mark. He winces, like he feels the pain of the cut, but his skin isn't actually marred. And by the way he moves, you really get the sense that he still feels all the lashes before it. Like somehow all the sensations involved in being lashed, including after effects, are being planted in his brain as if it's really happening. Yet he has no actual injury.

Then the camera is facing him, so you can see them both. By the time she's done, the pain is etched on his face. He's sweating buckets and breathing really hard. She walks up behind him, and she pressed her body against his back. He winces, but he also kinda sighs into her after a second. She has her cheek pressed against him, and then she says, "Why would you be so bold? To play this game is dangerous. I am afraid that the insolence of your game requires a more extreme attention to your punishment."

Then you can tell, from the way he jerks, that she's grabbed his cock. "Hmm, that is unusual. Generally, at this point, you are already demonstrating your lust for this. Yet you seem, unmoved. Now, answer your own question, my sweet. Why must you choose the instrument?"

He doesn't answer right away, but she pulls his head back and he moans a little and answers her. It's kinda weird, since he shouldn't really know why. But I guess the point is that the pain makes it clear to him. "Because your skill and precision in using each instrument brings so much sensation, that none could distinguish between the pain of one device or another. After a while, you don't even know which is causing your pain. You can't distinguish between a slice of leather and smoothed wood. Therefore, your choice, though you try to make one consciously, is really irrelevant. You control m..., the level of pain, not the instrument."

She smiles and from his face, you get the idea clearly that she's stroking his cock when she says, "Interesting interpretation of the rule, but I prefer the wording of our law makers. Those who are not obedient must be punished. Adequate punishment requires pain. Pain is pleasure. Your charge must be subjected to whatever level of pleasure will ensure he understands the gravity of his crime. The charge must also choose the instrument of preparation, to ensure he understands his place as a voluntary member of this Order."

He gulps and asks, "Preparation? This isn't my punishment?"

She tsk's, shakes her head, and steps back. She lashes him a few more times. He's not really crying, but he's breathing in these sob-like gulps when she presses against him again. Then he stiffens and you can tell she's got his cock again. He moans slowly as she's stroking him. She's mad, and she says, "You continue this game boy? You will pay for your insolence. I would almost think this worthy of two days in isolation, instead of the usual one. And what I feel now also shows your lack of obedience and understanding of your duties. Why boy, do you treat your mistress with such disrespect? Why are you still like soft clay in my hand?!"

He drops his head, and there's this odd look on his face. Then you realize that he truly gets what's going on, and I guess he sort tries to play like it's a character. He says, "I am undone by my own folly. Forgive me my mistress. I am shamed by my behavior, and therefore flaccid in my being so undeserving of so worthy a lady as you. I beg your forgiveness. Though I do not deserve it, I hope you will grant it me for the love I do feel for you."

She smiles, and walks around in front of him. He winces, as she appears to grabs his cock again. She kisses him softly on the mouth, and then she whispers into his ear, "I will forgive, if you promise never to force me to exact such preparations again." She smiles at him, and then you see him gasp, and he looks kind of dizzy. She kisses him again, before she leans back to his ear and says, "That is better my sweet. Now you show your acceptance of your punishment, and your loyalty to your mistress - much better than pretty words. Though such swift correction can not be good for you - all that blood rushing so quickly. I would be more lenient, if I could, but your behavior does not allow for it."

She leans back a bit, and she looks at him with affection, but sorrow. Then she says, "You know I love that you are not yet fully broken. Every punishment causes another crack in your spirit, but it still lives. I cherish that piece of you, though it is not right that I should. But as long as I do my duty, I feel I can be forgiven for my affection. Of course, I also cherish your punishments, as I know you secretly do. You never go long without breaking a law worthy of it. I know you crave it. I also love that you refuse to touch me until I give you leave, but when I finally give you consent, you take my body with such abandon. I am in complete control, and you bow to my every command, but you are like an animal ravaging me, and I am taken to new heights of ecstasy when we reach our peak together. And you bring me such pleasures before our ending as well."

"I worry though, what will happen when I finally break you. When you are completely obedient to me, and there is no more defiance in you, will I still feel as much for you? Or will you break so thoroughly, that you will lose more than that small spark hidden inside. I must do my duty, though it does pain me. You must learn your place, or I will not have fulfilled the oath I made to you, when you joined the Order. Be strong, my sweet." She walks behind him, and the camera pulls out with her, and stops with him completely out of frame. So when she starts to lash him again, you can only hear him scream.

Then it cuts to this huge room, and he is in this weird bed thing, which is the only thing in the room. It's built mostly standing up, but at this deep angle, so you can tell he's completely resting on his body, not his feet. You can also see that this bed is sort of taking in the contours of his body, like that memory foam. There are some attendants hooking these restraints on him. As soon as they are done, they leave the room. She comes in, and just watches him for a second. Then she looks around at the bed and she starts talking.

"I love this room. Did I ever tell you about this bed? I'm not sure if I did or not. It was carefully created with very intentional thought. This one in particular has some interesting history. Hmm, maybe now is not the best time for a story. I should let you rest."

She starts to walk to the door, but he says, "Please my lady. Tell me the story."

He just looks so lost, when she turns back. So she walks back over to him. "I wonder, do you ask because of genuine interest, or to lesson the length of your solitude? Tell me the truth, and I may grant your request. But remember, I have always known when you are lying." The menace in her voice at the end is actually scary.

He tells her, and I believed him at least, "To hear your sweet voice is a comfort my lady. Please give me this small comfort, even if I do not deserve it."

She looks kind of touched, but then gets a little cynical when she says, "I'm relatively sure you are telling me the truth, but for once I am not certain. It seems clear to me, that you are not lying, but my mind says that you have not told all of the truth. But, I will be merciful, for the moment, and presume the extremity of this preparation - for it was extreme - is clouding my judgment." She walks around a little, but when she finishes the story, she's sort of lying against the bed on her side, and looking at his face, though he can't really see her because of the restraint on his forehead.

"The bed was designed specifically for the punishment room. The inner material is remarkable in its ability to softly cushion any form. It holds you, like a womb. The restraints are also important. They have the perfect amount of give, so you are held in place, but they can never harm you. They are covered in the same material that covers the bed. It's soft, supple, almost like skin. All of it designed for its dual purpose; to ensure you come to no harm or injury if you attempt to move, and to ensure you are completely incapable of pleasuring yourself and thereby attempting to escape your punishment. You may feel some soreness if you struggle long enough, but you are prevented from damaging your body."

She lies down like I described when she tells him the rest, "This room was the favorite of my mentor. She had a charge such as you once. He had the spark that never seemed to fade. He spent his last night, at the Order, on this bed. You may recall, when you agreed to join the Order, that you were warned of the one unfortunate incident in our history. He was that man. His preparation, like yours this morning, was severe. He had attempted to flee which is, as you know, the ultimate betrayal of your oath. My mentor told me, that he was like you. Only he wasn't so subtle in his methods of bringing on the punishment. This crime was great, and so my mentor was required to instill the most sincere of preparation. When she came for him, three days later, he was as he always was, as you always are; obedient, but ready and aching with need. She took him back to her chamber, and there he worshipped every inch of her until she told him he could share her pleasure. When he reached his peak, and brought great respect and joy to my mentor, she held him for many hours. But when she tried to speak to him, he was unresponsive. She tried everything she could, but he just stared in stupor. His eyes were open, and he breathed, but my mentor said it was like he was an empty shell. His soul had fled. She mourned his loss greatly."

Then the woman gets up, and walks around so he can see her face. He looks almost terrified, but there's also this sort of sad acceptance in his eyes. Just before she walks out of the room, she turns back and says, "He was sent home to be cared for by his parents, and my mentor left the order, and visited his family often. When they passed on they decreed that she would be his caregiver, and that she would be left in charge of their estate, so she would be able to devote herself to this task. She was happy to take on his care, and though he never truly returned to her, she said she believed he would have been happy to know she tended his former body."

After she leaves the room, the lights go low, presumably so he can sleep. It cuts around for a few hours. Sometimes he struggling and desperately trying to get out, other times he's stone still. Once he practically screams in frustration. It's a little scary.

In the morning, she comes to get him. She comes alone into the room, and he is just manic. He's sweating and hard as a rock. He also looks like he's been crying.

She walks over, and unhooks all the restraints, but he never moves an inch. She touches his face. He doesn't do anything but stare at her, but he is breathing really hard. She steps back, and he stands up in front of her. Then, he drops down to his knees, and kisses her ankle. At some point, an attendant person is standing just inside the door, and she tells them to leave and they close the door. Then she tells him to stand up, and she says, "You may touch me." He grabs at her in this amazing frenzy, and then the scene cuts as he goes to kiss her. It holds at black for a second, and then jumps to this other angle on the room.

She is alone in the frame. And the camera is showing her from a profile. You can't see below her waist really, but you can occasionally just catch her belly button whenever she arches her back. She is in the bed, and clearly in ecstasy, with him thrusting into her again and again. But it is completely silent. Finally, on this one thrust, she arches way up, and just the instant before she screams in bliss, the sound comes back and the camera pulls back enough to show him entering her hard. They go on that way for a while, just grabbing at one another and fucking like they've been separated for years. Finally she builds to an incredible orgasm.

Slowly she stops moving and you can see that he's stopped fucking her. He leans into the frame, clearly pushing himself in deeper as he does this. He kisses her tenderly. The camera goes to a tight shot of his face; there is a kind of desperation in his eyes. He says, "Please, my lady, may I pleasure you again?"

There's a close up of her face, and she looks worried, "My sweet, tell me you are well."

It cuts back to his face when he says, "My lady, I beg, let me pleasure you again? Please?!"

The camera cuts back to the side, but more close up, so you can see both their faces really well. She reaches up and touches his face, and then she says, "You may pleasure me as long as you can stay awake. When you can no longer, and must sleep, you must stop. "

He leans down, and the relief on his face is indescribable. And he says, "Thank you my lady...thank you." Then, he pulls back out of frame and she begins to writhe again, and you just know that she is being brutally fucked, and the pleasure is almost unbearable.

Later he figures out that he basically was put in the body of his double in an alternate universe. In this universe, men who join this thing called the Order of Jaze, agree to spend 2 years in this place. They take an oath that they will stay there and live as a devoted slave to their mistress, who also takes an oath to train them in obedience and subservience. If they chose, after their 2 years, they can remain in the Order, and be the permanent slave to their mistress. Men who leave are given wealth and opportunities guaranteeing they will be great and successful men. This is because they are thought of as men who understand the reverence their society shows to women, and when they make decisions that affect others, they will think of the lives of those in power and those who have none. The problem is; the machine recall was because one of the people never woke up from their stasis, and it was presumed they had fried their brains. Of course, he decides to stay in the order, and lives happily ever after with his mistress. The little epilogue thing also says that he never completely broke, and still forced her to punish him on occasion.

When she finished the story, Frank looked shocked and shaken. Alison reached up and kissed him. Then she whispered in his ear, "How would you like to be punished, my sweet?"