  Chapter 6: Sympathetic Sounds  

I got home and crashed on the couch for about four hours. It was nearly ten by the time I woke up and ordered a large take-out meal of Chinese food. I thought I might call Jill and see if she wanted to come over. The doorbell rang and I ran to the door in my bare feet, shirt un-tucked and hair sticking up from my nap. 

I opened the door to find Cynthia standing there. I must have looked truly stunned for she just stood there a moment before speaking. 

"Umm, hi Mike." She looked scared, no she looked petrified. I pulled myself together and reached for her note. She was completely on edge, unsure of herself, and scared of my reaction to finding her on my doorstep. I reached out and gave a gentle note that I was okay, that I meant her no harm, and I smiled at her. Believe it or not I think the smile had the biggest impact, I felt the notes it created flutter through her.

"Cynthia, hi, how are you? Are you okay, you look pale." I said stepping aside and motioning her into my messy condo. "Please excuse the mess."

She waved it away with one beautifully sculpted hand. "It is fine, I am sorry to burst in on you so late. I wanted…I wanted to thank you for helping me in my store the other day, and for locking up and…" she broke off, I could feel the embarrassment in her, and the confusion. I soothed her embarrassment as I spoke.

"Hey, I am happy I was there to help, are you okay now? You looked like you were having a bit of a crisis." Yeah, a bit is an understatement. Still, what was I to say, hey I know all your deepest darkest secrets and I was the one who turned your life upside down because I was trying to get some revenge on you, but then chickened out and tried to help you in my screwed up way…. 

"I'm okay. Look..ummm." She was still scared, she wanted to talk to me, I could feel it, but I decided to not dig deeper to let her say it at her pace. 

"Hey, hey, it's okay, Why don't you sit down, let me get you a drink. Glass of wine?" She sat down heavily, and nodded thankfully. I hurried to the kitchen and poured a couple glasses of an expensive red I had bought on the way home the other night with my new wallet. I returned and she smiled as I handed it to her. It was like the room lit up, man she was beautiful I thought. Then it occurred to me that this was the first time I had ever seen a smile on her that I thought might be genuine. I sat down in a chair across form her. 

She took a long pull from her glass, and then looked at me. I kept her mind in my thoughts, but only at a surface level, for some reason I wanted to let this unfold as it should. I was very curious why she was here, especially given our history. Finally she spoke, and her voice was soft, almost childlike.

"Why did you help me? I mean the other day, I…I mean, after our date and…" she blushed a deep red and I could feel her embarrassment, and shame. Wow she had come a long way I thought. "Well I was very cruel to you, and you got hurt, and I was just so…so awful to you. Why be so kind to me?" She was puzzled, but there was more to this I thought. I let myself sink a little deeper in her mind. It was close to the surface really, she wanted to have faith that people could just be kind and good, even when they didn't have to. She was looking for some basic faith in humanity again. 

"Cynthia, I have to admit when I found you crying on the floor, there was part of me that wanted to walk away, to leave you to your problems. But, then I realized I didn't really know anything about you. That we all have an ugly side, what if you had a beautiful one too, and I had just had the misfortune to encounter you in a bad time in your life. Besides, though I helped you, I really helped me too."

"What do you mean you helped yourself?" she looked puzzled. 

"Well, by helping you I was forced to forgive you, and to let go of my hurt and anger, to just recognize you as human. As someone that needed help. I am glad I helped, it made me feel good about myself." This was true, but on a level she couldn't ever know.

She just stared at me for a moment. I could feel the disbelief in her; I could feel the fear, the old need for control way down in her. I reached in and stilled that, and plucked the note 'It's okay, I am a friend, I won't lie to you. I won't hurt you. I am a friend…' 

"No one has ever done anything like that for me before." She looked wistful, distant and I could feel her looking back across all the years since her youth, and all the pain and misery in them. There was such a weight of grief and guilt there. She felt as though she had awakened from a bad dream to find she had been acting it out for 20 years.

"Well maybe you never needed someone to before." 

"No, I don't think I needed anyone, at least I didn't think I did." She looked a little lost. I think she had expected me to act differently. I could feel in her mind the confusion. She had expected me to not be kind; in fact she had expected cruelty. It would have helped her turn away from the painful path she was walking now.

"What about now?"

She nodded yes, and tears began to slide down her pretty face. I handed her a tissue. 

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to make you upset."

She shook her head no, mopping her eyes. "No, it's just." She shuddered "Everything is so strange to me now. It feels like I don't know what to think or feel. I have been so wrong, treated people so badly." 

"Hey, it's okay. Better to learn now rather then later. Glass is half full. Remember? The past is done, look at all the time you have left in this life. We are both in our thirties right? We have most of our lives ahead of us." I injected a small note of optimism in her. She needed it, her thoughts were pretty dark.

"Look, I'm sorry to show up here, and cry all over your couch. I just, kept thinking about how nice you were. I kept thinking about that awful night when we went out." She paused looking at her hands and wringing the soggy tissue. "I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I'm sorry for how I acted that night. I'm sorry I was such a bitch, and that you got hurt." She paused for a brief second then whispered. "I'm sorry for my whole damn life."

She was full of misery. What could I do, what could I say? I felt through her emotions, then it dawned on me. 

"Cynthia, I forgive you. It's okay. It is in the past. As far as I am concerned, we have a clean slate, and thank you."

She looked at me with disbelief in her eyes, and thoughts. I reached in and firmly planed the note. "Believe me. I mean it. You are forgiven." She smiled then again, even though the tears.

"Thank you." She said in a whisper, and I handed her another tissue. 

"You're welcome. Now, since we are friends, can I ask you what happened the other day? I would like to listen and I think you need to talk."

She sat and I could feel the hesitation in her, but I could also feel the need, the need to talk to anyone. I could feel the fact that she didn't want to talk to any of the people who had been her friends, that they disgusted her now. That she felt alone. Then it started, slowly at first but with building speed. It was as though she had to get it all out, had to vomit up this great painful thing that she may get well. She told me about her father, but in detail that I had been unable to read from her mind. She told me of her life, of the person she was, and how she hated the idea of herself now. I reinforced feelings of strength and determination in her as she spoke.

Finally she talked about confronting her father, then her sisters. That he had admitted to her he was wrong, that he had apologized. Then she told me something I didn't know, that both her sisters had called him, and confronted him too. Then they had called and told their brothers. There was a great storm from the boys, but in the end they accepted it, and she now had four siblings she had thought lost to her. This gave her great joy. She even learned that she was an aunt several times over.

By the time we had finished talking it was past midnight. She was exhausted beyond the levels of normal physical endurance, and I was pretty spent myself. 

"Why don't you just curl up on my couch for the night, It is a long walk back to your place. I promise I am a perfect gentleman. I could even loan you some pajamas if you don't mind flannel, or that they are cut for a man." I said with a dopy grin. 

She looked thoughtful for a moment. "The old me never would have, but I think I will. I'm so tired, I'm not sure I could make the walk, and you would find me asleep on a park bench halfway there."

"Well we can't have that; I don't want to get in the habit of getting you home and in bed." I said with a laugh. "Let me get your things."

I got sheets and blankets out of the closet, and made up the couch for her. Then I gave her my soft blue flannel pajama's and told her if she needed anything to give a call. 

I climbed in bed in my underwear since my only pair of pajama's was being put on in the bathroom by a goddess. Oh well, at least they would smell nice tomorrow I hoped. I listened to the water running in the bathroom as she got ready for bed, then saw the light go out. A short while later the light in the living room went out, and I drifted off to sleep.

