  This is the fourth chapter of the Music of the Mind series. If you just picking up the series here, I would recommend you read the first three chapters to gain an understanding of the characters, and the forces at work. For those of you who have been reading the series and waiting for the sex, this chapter is the first payoff for you. I hope you enjoy, and as always feedback is welcome. Thanks to LadyCibelle for her editing. S.T.  

 The Music of the Mind Chapter 4: A Symphony of Two 

Freshly showered, shaved, and wearing my favorite hat I walked the twenty feet from my front door to Jill's. I had not even knocked when the door opened and there was Jill smiling with a pose of being put out. 

"God Mike, I said 7:00, not 7:03!" she affected her best valley girl accent while twisting her hair before busting into laughter.

I laughed and walked in, she gave me a quick hug and I felt it ring in her note, but I let her keep her thoughts and emotions to herself. I heard laughter, and walked inside to find Jill's three best girlfriends sitting around her dining table already sipping wine and laughing. Suzan, the beautiful red head, Ellen the blond athlete, and Tuyen (pronounced Twin) with her beautiful black hair and Asian skin. Suzan and Ellen smiled, but Tuyen just scowled as usual, she had never liked me and I didn't know why.


"Good evening ladies!" They called out there hellos and I sat and took a glass of wine from Jill. She disappeared into the kitchen and shortly after that Tuyen followed her to "help". How annoying I thought, and then I realized I didn't have to be annoyed, I could find out what was up with her, and maybe change my behavior or reconcile with her.

Since the genie had enhanced my gift, I found it easy to talk and use it at the same time. I let Tuyen's note come into my mind, and I felt her annoyance that I was there. I chatted pleasantly with Suzan and Ellen, telling them about my hospital stay, answering their questions, but mainly I was elsewhere. I dug into her mind, it seemed easier to sort the notes and tones and chords now. I looked for the source of her dislike for me, and it was there not far from the surface. 

She had a lousy boyfriend in high school who had hurt her badly, and looked a striking resemblance to yours truly. It only took me a matter of moments to find that memory and soothe it. It wasn't as powerful as Cynthia's negative memory, but it still felt easy to me to calm it, and let it fade in her. I also understood how to do it without dragging it to the forefront of her mind. It disappeared quietly in the background without her notice. 

As I pulled to her more surface thoughts I dropped a soft, very gentle note, 'Maybe Mike is not a bad guy, I shouldn't be so harsh on him. He has always been nice to me and my friends after all…' I didn't want to control her, but I would like her to give me a fair shake. I figured that was okay. God trying to be ethical with this gift was like walking a tightrope.

I pushed her note back and talked animatedly with Ellen and Suzan. Tuyen and Jill came back in with trays loaded with dinner. Jill had made her wonderful Eggplant Parmesan, with homemade rolls and Italian salad. I was seated between Jill and Tuyen, and when I passed the salad to Tuyen she smiled at me and thanked me. 

Even though I had just taken my walk in her head I nearly fell out of my chair. I could swear that everyone at the table did a double take at Tuyen with the kind of look that said, 'What have you done with the real Tuyen.' If she noticed she ignored it. We all talked through dinner, I think everyone was a little surprised that Tuyen was being nice to me, well not nice maybe, but polite. 

Suzan was a doctor, and talked about work and how hard it was to find time for fun and dating with the pressure of the hospital. I looked inside her high-singing note in my mind, and found her thoughts and emotions to be very organized. With a few probes and pushes I loosened up her fears about dating so that hopefully she would have an easier time. Again I found the policeman in my head questioning this. 

Ellen was a therapist, and talked about a patient she had seen that afternoon that she was concerned was dangerous. It was interesting, but I didn't see any reason to go roaming around in her head. Though I did take a peak to find she was a truly caring person, and that she thought I had a cute butt. Who knew?

After dinner we sat in Jill's living room, Jill on my left on her couch, and Tuyen on my right. This also caused a raised eyebrow or two. We were on our third or fourth bottle of wine. I had cut myself off at my second glass saying it gave me a headache after my "accident", but the ladies were all to that place where they were feeling pretty loose and happy. 

"Hey, let's play strip poker." It was Ellen, the first to always want to talk about sex, and things of the like. My ears perked up, I would love to see any of these beauties naked. 

"No way! Besides there is only one guy here!" said Suzan, always the voice of reason, though she was smiling and blushing.

"I'm in." was all Tuyen said with a smirk. Jill burst out laughing. 

"Hey, if Mike will, I will, but I'm not doing it unless our token male is..um..up for it…" Jill let out another burst of laughter as she said this. 

"Hey, count me in; I think the odds are in my favor." They had no idea how much they were in my favor.

Suzan caved in and we started to play. I made one very interesting discovery during the early part of the game. I could hold more then one mind open in my head at a time. Two wasn't too difficult, but to have all four I had to stay with their pretty basic surface thoughts. Still, it was enough to read their hands. Disappointment at a bad hand, or happiness at a good one. Was it cheating, sure, but hey what guy wouldn't cheat at strip poker with four pretty women? I figured it was their idea anyway, I was just tweaking the odds a little.

Clothes started coming off quickly. I made sure to loose my shoes and socks and shirt in the mix, but stopped there. Ellen was the first to go topless. She had small B size cups, and her breasts were very perky. Her body was in incredible shape as she ran triathlons as a hobby. I whistled appreciatively and she raised her arms above her head and shook her small breasts for me. There was stunned silence then the over loud laughter of four woman who had been drinking rather a lot. 

More wine flowed, and Jill lost her top next. I had to try hard to control myself when I saw her perfect C cups. Her nipples were large, and perfectly accented her short curvy frame. I realized just how attracted I was to her, and thanked myself that I had not had more to drink.

Suzan was next with her large DD cups. She had a little more weight on her then the others, but it was a beautiful contrast in womanly shapes. She was beautiful, and those breasts were amazing. 

Tuyen was last of the girls to loose her bra, she had the creamiest skin I had ever seen, and her small nipples on her smallish C sized breasts were just lovely.

I now had four drunk, beautiful girls sitting topless with me and I swear I hadn't even suggested it in anyway. I was the luckiest guy in the world. I smiled a shit eating grin as the cards were dealt again and tried not to look at Jill more then the others.

Suzan lost the hand and was the first to lose her last article of clothing. She stood and pulled off a pretty pair of black undies to reveal a flaming red bush of hair. Instead of being embarrassed she struck several poses which caused all of us to laugh. I was rather hard at this point, and it felt strange for some reason. I shrugged it off, and dealt the next hand.

Ellen lost, and her cute white panties went flying at me as she revealed a nice trimmed bush of blond hair. I made a joke about her being a natural blond and there was more laughter as she sat down. Another bottle of wine was opened and I realized the ladies were getting to the dangerous stage of drinking where anything could happen, and I should be careful. I made a mental note not to let things get awkward or out of hand. 

Jill lost hers next to reveal a trimmed bush of brown hair, and again I had to try not to stare at her next to me. She had the most prominent labia of the other girls, and it made my mouth water with wanting to suck them. She smiled shyly at me when she sat down. 

Suzan lost the next hand, and everyone decided she should do a little dance since she was out of clothes, and she did a surprising little bump and grind that caused the laughter to stop rather quickly. I could feel that all the ladies were getting quite aroused, but especially Ellen; she apparently had a taste for girl fun as well as boys. Watching her shake her large breasts hadn't hurt my arousal either.

Finally Tuyen lost her panties. She stood slowly and faced me as I sat Indian style on the floor with the others. She pulled down her lacey black underwear to reveal a smooth shaven pussy with beautiful prominent lips. It glistened slightly from the moisture already collected there. She spread her legs lewdly and turned to let everyone have a good look. Her labia were swollen, and she was clearly wet. There was no laughing this time. She sat down with a satisfied smile on her face. I could feel Ellen's hunger go up a couple notches. Better be careful Tuyen I thought to myself.

"Well it looks like I win!" I started to get up and was assaulted by a series of loud yells and protests. 

"No way buddy boy, strip. You have seen all of us; we get to see that thing tenting your pants!" Ellen said, and there was a series of agreements and assertions of the same from the others, all except Tuyen who just watched me quietly. I thought for a minute and thought what the hell. It would be kind of hot to show off in front of all these ladies. I was in good shape, and not badly endowed. I could feel how aroused they all were, and it was turning me on too.

I shrugged and started to undo my belt to loud cheers and cat calls. I dropped my pants and kicked them off, my boner tenting my boxers in front of me. It was then I had a strange sensation. I could feel the anticipation from each of them, and each hoped for something different. Suzan was hoping for a huge cock, while Ellen wanted something more manageable. Jill wanted a little on the large size, and Tuyen, well she was with Suzan. I could feel it, clear as day from them. It was the strangest sensation as I pulled my boxers off. 

I looked down and stood stunned. I could see my cock through each of there minds. It appeared exactly as each of them desired. It looked the same six and a half inches it always had to me, but though their minds I could see I matched their desires. 

The room was suddenly very quiet, and a little soft laugh rang through my mind. I guess I had just found my "new" gift. Oh well I shrugged mentally and decided to give them a little show. I reached down and stroked myself a few times for them and turned so they could see me from every angle.

God I was horny and turned on. I knew I could have any of them if I wanted, or hell all of them if I wanted, but I was too sober to let myself get carried away. These were good friends, and it would be way too weird tomorrow if we did. I posed a few more times to silent stares then reached down and pulled my boxers back up. At that the room erupted with cheering from the girls and the spell was broken. 

Everyone started to feel self conscious and clothes went on much faster then they had come off. I made a point to give each girl a bit of empowered reinforcement that what we did was fun, amongst friends, and in no way embarrassing. The mood lightened back up quickly after that. Maybe I could use this gift in small ways that didn't hurt anyone.

There was a half hour of good buys, and I got some very good hugs from all the girls, Ellen even squeezed my butt. Finally though it was just me and Jill. I focused on the note in her mind, and could feel the jangle of the notes there from the wine. She wasn't thinking or feeling clearly. She wanted me to stay, she was really horny, but she was conflicted too. I reached out and calmed her notes, eased her libido back down. Tonight wasn't the night; I needed more time to think on her, on us. She seemed to let out a great sigh of relief as I hugged her and said my goodnights. God I thought, too many good deeds like this and my balls will explode. 

I walked back over to my apartment door, and walked in. I felt a note in my mind then. I never locked my door when I was right next door, and Tuyen must have let herself in. Well, maybe I wasn't in for a lonely night after all. 

I kicked off my shoes and walked back to my bedroom and I could see the flicker of candle light. I pushed the door open slowly. She was lying on the bed stroking her very wet shaved pussy. 

"I haven't been very nice to you Mike; I thought we could kiss and make up." She said in a husky voice. I let her note fill my mind. She was scared, she was trying to be confident, but this was a big stretch for her. She felt good though, without a tension that had bothered her for years, and she realized tonight she had always been a little judgmental, and critical of the men around her. I wondered how much that had to do with that one memory I had eased for her. 

She wanted me; she wanted to do something to dispel that in her, to be free of her own guilt and shame, and self deprecation. She wanted to be daring and follow her instincts for a change. She didn't want me as a boyfriend, but she needed to do this. My resistance melted away…

"Well I would be happy to kiss and make up Tuyen, I can't imagine a nicer surprise then this. This is just for tonight I take it?" she nodded and bit her lip in apprehension, thoughts of slut and whore surfacing in her mind. I smoothed them, replaced them with feelings of empowerment, and self fulfillment and smiled at her. I justified this since I was just helping her to enjoy the course of action she had chosen herself. She smiled back and I felt her lust almost explode in her, now unshackled from stupid societal double standards.

I walked in pulling off my shirt, and dropping my pants. She watched me with growing excitement; I could feel it in my mind. She was very horny already; there wouldn't be much preliminary warm up tonight. I slid my boxers down and looked at my cock and almost jumped with surprise. 

Before all the ladies had seen what they wanted to see, now alone with just one, it had become what she wanted it to be. My erection was a rock hard eight and a half inches with substantial girth. It bobbed in front of me with the beat of my heart. I must have looked ridiculous standing there staring at my own erection with a big grin on my face. Then Tuyen let out a soft moan and I came back to the present.

I could feel her hunger, she wanted to leap out of the bed and devour me, to suck my cock down in one slurp. I crossed to the bed and slid slowly up her legs kissing her silky smooth skin on each leg. She jumped with each kiss, and I could feel the response in the notes in her mind. I decided to go for broke and began to softly blow on the notes of her arousal, both those of her mind, and those of her body. I tickled the note of her nipples, and her clit, of her lips, and the sensitive skin of her sides all while I kissed my way toward her beautiful pussy. She moaned and writhed on the bed, struggling to hold herself in control.

"God just fuck me already, I can't stand it!" she almost wailed. 'Whoops' I thought, too much I guess. 

I crawled the rest of the way up her, stopping long enough to lick her sweet juicy pussy a few times. She tasted wonderful, and the skin was so smooth I could hardly believe it. I slid up her, stopping to nibble briefly on each nipple, as I continued my gentle ministrations on her mind. She was almost frantic now, both in the notes in her mind, and in her body as she clutched at me trying to get me into her. 

I kissed her deeply and long and she stilled for a time lost in the sensation. I slid my new enormous cock up and down her wet pussy lips and she moaned, clutching at me, pulling on my hips. I slid the head of my cock into the opening of her pussy, and eased it in a little. She gasped and stopped pulling me, her eyes widening. 

"Slow, go slow, you're so big…" I nodded and slowly started to work my cock into her. It was then that I felt it shrink, and I knew, somehow I knew why. She was most turned on by the sight of an eight and a half inch cock, but a smaller one would give her more pleasure. Once it was in, the difference between huge and big would be hard to tell. 

She moaned biting my lower lip gently and kissing me as I pushed into her. I could tell I was still much bigger then usual, though how much I couldn't tell. When I was halfway in I push hard and slid the rest of the way into her hot pussy. It made my balls twitch and Tuyen moaned in pleasure and clutched me too her hard. 

I stayed still, twitching in her for a moment until her grip relaxed. I looked down into her beautiful brown eyes, and slowly, oh so slowly began to fuck her. I built speed as I felt her need increase in my mind, and I continued to stroke all her pleasure notes, including two new ones that had appeared as I entered her. I assumed they were sensations that had come from the feeling of me being in her. 

I could feel her orgasm coming. It was like all the notes singing together in a tremendous harmony, one single beautiful sound. I knew when it reached a point they would all shatter back into individual notes, and she would crash into orgasm, so I held them together, and stroked them to a higher louder tone. 

Tuyen's eyes rolled back in her head as I released them and her whole body shuttered under me, her pussy clamping down on my cock as I pistoned into her. The feeling of her release in my mind and on my cock was so intense I began pumping my seed into her. Her orgasm must have lasted a full five minutes before she slipped into a state of semi-consciousness. I lay on her for a moment before rolling off of her and snuggling up to her side. 

My cock had deflated with my orgasm, my body and mind spent. 'God that was great!' I thought. I wish I could do it again right now I thought. 

'You can…." The warm voice rippled through my mind and I shuddered. God was the genie always ridding shotgun with me?

Suddenly I knew. I knew if I willed it I could be hard again in an instant. I wanted to laugh out loud. I thought hard, "Thank you genie, god what a gift!' There was the soft warm laughter in my mind again. 

'You're welcome human, it is the least I could do. Use you gifts wisely. You will also find that no woman you sleep with will make you ill, or bear you a child without your willing it. There are a few more surprises in store for you too, but I will let you discover those in time.' Then before I could respond the feeling of it was gone from my mind. It was going to be interesting with the genie looking over my shoulder all the time. I wondered if it would take away the gift if I displeased it, even as it had enhanced it when pleased with my actions.

Tuyen seemed to be recovering somewhat now. I willed myself hard and instantly my cock sprung to attention. I rolled back onto her and we made slow unhurried love for over an hour until we both spent ourselves in earth shattering orgasms. It was nearly two in the morning by this time, and I was so tired I thought I would never get out of bed again.

"I have to go." Tuyen said suddenly getting out of the warm, and now very messy bed.

"Why, it is very late, you're more then welcome to stay here." Tuyen gave me one of those looks a woman gives a man when he is being dense.

"Look Mike, this was wonderful, but it needs to be our secret. If you don't already know it Jill has a thing for you. The last thing I want is her finding me here in the morning looking very well fucked I might add." She finished the last statement with a grin. 
