  This chapter is the 7th in this series. For those of you following it, this one again has no sex, but helps to further define the main characters use of "the gift", and what the repercussions are if used in anger, or defense. It also introduces a new player that will show up quite a bit in future chapters. I would greatly appreciate any feedback you have as I have received very little and would like to know if you all would like me to continue the series. As usual thanks to LadyCibelle for her editing work.

  Chapter 7: The Sounds of Devastation 

The first few days back at work were a blur for me with many conversations with the boss, and a ton of orders to get shipped. Many of my regular customers came in, and asked how I was. A few even brought me cards. I was touched; amazed that any of these people would take the time to notice a store clerk that was missing. I was learning a lot about people these days, and I found it encouraging. 

On Wednesday I was sitting at the front counter playing with the empty puzzle box when my cell phone rang. I flipped it open, and Jill's voice rang in my ear even as her deep baritone note sprang to my mind. 

"Hey stranger, how is work?" 

"Good actually. Did you know old lady Henderson gave me a card and flowers?" I said, waiting for the explosion.

"No way! That old crank has a soft spot? Well what is the world coming to?" 

Old lady Henderson was one of the shop's best clients, but she was also a notorious bitch. Funny though, when she brought me the card I could tell she had been genuinely worried about me, though it didn't take her long to start chewing me out for her new table not being delivered yet. 

"Yeah well, people will surprise you. So what's up? We doing a movie tonight?"

"Well that is why I was calling. The girls want to go out tonight. A friend of mine owns a new club that is the hot spot to go, and Wednesday night is the night all the college kids go out during the week."

"Sounds like a reason to stay home." I said with a laugh

"Oh come on you stick in the mud, come out with us. It will be fun!" 

"Oh alright, but will everyone be getting naked again? Because if so I want to wear my leather thong this time." I said still chuckling. I could feel her note thrum louder in my mind, but I still held it away. I don't know what I was afraid of with her.

"Shut up! God I am still embarrassed about that." She said the last part quietly, with some hesitation. 

"Don't be. You are the most beautiful of the lot. Frankly I am grateful to have seen you naked." I said this with some surprise, but I realized I really meant it. There was a long silence on the phone.

"Thanks Mike, I . . . well you're not so bad yourself." 

I could feel my heart pounding, and there was a ringing in my ears that was completely natural for a change. This was getting a little to serious for a mid-day conversation.

"Thanks Jill. So where do I meet the four most beautiful and eligible woman of Boulder for our night of debauchery and fun?" Jill laughed and the tension eased.

"My place, seven as usual."

"Alright, you got it, see you then."

I sat thinking for a bit, absently playing with the puzzle box in my hands. Why was I so afraid to dig into Jill's mind? Was I afraid of what I might find, or do? How much did I care about her? She was my best friend, but. . . I was startled out of my thoughts by the tinkling of the bell hung on the front door.

The main entrance to the shop was not visible from the counter where I sat, the view being obstructed by all the furniture and the jumble of other odds and ends that filled the store. I waited patiently to see if one of my regulars would come bustling through the shop to find me, or if I would see someone slowly walking the shop looking at our menagerie for the first time.

For a few minutes I waited when I began to be aware of a note in my mind, closer then the others. I had grown used to being able to feel a persons note if they were near, but this called out to me from further away. I reached for it and it sped to me so quickly I found myself holding it back.

It is difficult to describe what I heard then, for this note rang with an intensity that I had not encountered before. It was as though it was amplified, or that it simply contained more sound then could be held. It was enthralling, and terrifying at the same time. I found myself hesitant to explore it, and the hair on the back of my neck rose. A voice drifted through my mind then.

"Careful human. . ." the genie's voice was hard, colder then I could remember it. Was it only warning, or was it fear I heard. I began to feel goose bumps on my skin, and I pushed the note away. It moved away slowly, as if I was pushing it against a current. 

It was then that I saw her. She emerged from around a large cabinet walking slowly while trailing her hands along the rich wood of the things around her as if caressing it. She was small, and her skin the color of caramel, with hair the color of onyx. She was dressed in a long flowing skirt, and a blouse which hugged her small frame and shapely breasts, while falling away from her arms in gathers. There was something about her that made me think of gypsies. 

She looked up at me and as our eyes met she smiled a beautiful radiant smile that sent a chill through me. It was not a chill of pleasure, but of warning. It was as if her smile had revealed rows of sharp teeth. Teeth like that of a predator. Her eyes were the kind of brown that was so dark, that you could not distinguish between the pupil and the iris. 

She walked slowly toward me and as she did, suddenly I felt her note rush out of the distant noise without my call. Reflexively, I reached out and caught it, held it from my mind. I did not want to see into her music. 

She stopped abruptly, and for a moment her grace faltered and she stared wide eyed at me, her pretty red lips parted slightly in surprise. Then her eyes narrowed and her mouth closed and I felt the note begin to move toward me once more, and this time I pushed it back with force. 

Neither of us spoke, as we stared at each other across my shop. Then suddenly her note retreated and vanished into the distant noise. It was so sudden that it felt as though for a moment I was unbalanced, as if something you were leaning on had just vanished. In that second, she turned and walked back around the cabinet and out of sight. I heard the tinkling of the bell, and the shut of the front door, and then the shop was quiet once more. 

"What the hell was that?" I thought. 

"Do you not recognize an enemy when you see one human?" the thrill went through me again, like it had every time I had spoken to the genie. It inspired both fear and joy in me in these moments.

"All I know is I didn't want her in my mind." I thought.

"A wise decision. You must learn to guard your mind. I knew the time would come, but I did not think so quickly." 

"What do you mean guard my mind? How do I do that?"

"You will learn, as you have learned to use the gift I have given." Its voice was final, and as the thought passed through my mind I felt its presence vanish. Great, so some strange woman comes in my shop, and now the genie is talking in riddles again. Oh well, I decided to close up a little early and head home to get ready for my night out with the girls. 

*****

On my way home I decided to swing by the Grind, get a cup of coffee and see if Wendy was working. I needed to be someplace familiar with people to shake the case of nerves I had developed from my encounter with the strange woman and the genie.

It was about 4 pm and the shop was fairly slow. Wendy smiled when I waked in, and in spite of myself I smiled back. I walked to the counter admiring the way her curvy figure filled out the tie died tee shirt she wore. It had the word "Berkley" in black letters stretched across the front. I let her note slide into my mind.

"Hey Mike, you want the usual?" Wendy tilted her head slightly as she said it. How is it that woman can flirt better then any man with just the slightest gesture? She was watching me closely for my reaction; she wondered why I hadn't called her and she was a little nervous.

"Of course, but only if you're serving it to me like last time." I said with a wink. Wendy blushed a deep red and smiled wider. I felt her tension ease at me flirting back. 

"Grab a table, and I'll bring it over." She said with a wink. She was feeling rather bold again. She had liked the rush she got from flashing me. I pushed her note from my mind before I could hear more. Sometimes it is nice to be surprised. 

I grabbed my table in the corner and my thoughts drifted to the mystery woman. Who was she, and what had happened back in the shop. Then out of curiosity, I reached out and called her note. It did not come. I could feel it deep in the noise of all the minds of humanity out on the horizon of my minds eye, but it would not come to me. 

I felt Wendy's note as she walked up and set my coffee down. Her tee shirt was far too tight to give me any view like I had last time I was in, but as she put my coffee down she sat on the edge of the table next to me. She was wearing a thigh length skirt, and black boots and stockings. As she sat, her skirt rode up to expose the tops of both her stockings and the straps of her garders.

"Here's your coffee Mike, and your service." She said with a slight blush.

"I. . .ummmm" I said with great suaveness. I found it hard to tear my eyes away from her beautiful white thighs, and how sexy the stockings made her legs look. 

"You say the sweetest things." She said, pushing my shoulder and smiling. I let her note snap. She was really flying on adrenaline, and she was very turned on. It looked like Wendy was discovering a bit of an exhibitionist streak in herself. 

I reached out and laid my hand on her creamy smooth thigh, right above the stocking. I felt the thrill of the contact run through her, and my cock began to grow in my pants. I slowly caressed her exposed skin as I looked up into her eyes.

"Sometimes it is hard to find the words." I said as I slid her skirt up as my hand moved up her thigh. Her nipples were standing out through her shirt now, and her breathing was as rapid as my own. I could feel her desire and the strength of it made me want to throw her on the table and take her right here. 

"Wendy, a little help here?" Kelly shouted from behind the counter. The 5 o'clock crowd had started to filter in and the line was growing. 

"Damn it!" Wendy said standing and straightening her skirt. "I have to get back to work." 

"I know, it's okay I have to go too." I said. As I did I reached in and stilled the notes of her desire some. No sense in her going back to work all worked up. She gave a great sigh and I saw her body posture relax a bit. 

She turned and looked at me. "You better call me soon." 

I nodded, "I will, but won't your boyfriend mind?" I wasn't sure why I asked, but I guess my upbringing wouldn't let me be the cause of anyone's cheating. She smiled a big smile and leaned over to whisper in my ear.

"Not anymore." As she said this she nipped my ear with her lips, then in one motion turned and was walking back to the counter. 

"Damn." I said out loud. I was going to have to really think about this, but right now I had to get home.

*****

Being a guy, and one not particularly obsessed with fashion I was showered, shaved, and ready to go in under a half hour once I got home. I found myself waiting till seven to head over to Jill's. 

At 10 to the boredom got to me, and I headed out of the condo locking up since we would be going out. I walked the ten feet to Jill's door and was about to knock when someone called my name.

"Mike!" I looked up to see Suzan grinning at me as she walked up from the parking area. She was wearing a beautiful low cut dress that showed her large chest to its full advantage. 

"Hey Susan! You look fantastic! I am going to have to protect you from the advances of every man in the joint tonight!"

"You better not!" she said laughing. 

I knocked and Tuyen opened the door and her face split into a huge grin. Before I could even speak she stepped out and gave me a big hug and a quick peck on the cheek. 

"Hey Mike." She whispered in my ear, then she turned to Suzan and they hugged and the girl talk erupted between them. I thought I saw a knowing glance at me from Suzan as we entered the house. Man I hope I didn't open a way too big can of worms there.

Inside, Jill came out of the kitchen as we were all entering her living room talking like a bunch of magpies. 

"Hey Mike! Hey Suzan! You guys want a drink?" we both nodded and Jill disappeared into the kitchen. She was wearing a tank top and some very appealing jeans. I had to stop myself from watching her butt as she walked away. As I turned away Tuyen caught my eye and raised her eyebrows looking in the direction Jill had gone. 

By the time Jill was back with the wine, Ellen had arrived wearing the shortest miniskirt I had ever seen, and a tight white top. The girls all whistled at her and she curtsied which caused her skirt to ride up exposing her black panties. This was going to be an interesting night. 

After everyone had finished one (or two) glass of wine we walked the few blocks to Walnut Street, and the new club. It was called Intrigue, and you descended a stair in a small alley to get to the club.

At the bottom of the stairs, the bouncer ID us, and took time to compliment each of the ladies. I thought his eyes might fall out of his head when he took in Suzan's enormous rack, or Ellen's legs. Then it dawned on me that Tuyen had dressed down tonight in a turtleneck and jeans. 

As we walked down a long hallway to the club, I called Tuyen's note to me. She was relaxed and happy. She wasn't really interested in being here for men like the others; she just wanted to hang out. I let her note slip from my mind as we passed a hall leading to the bathrooms, then entered the main area of the club. It was enormous.

A central dance floor was surrounded by a number of sitting areas. Jill motioned for us to follow her, and she lead the way around the dance floor, past the bar and through an archway on the other side of the club. This lead to another room without a dance floor, and the music was significantly quieter in here. It was packed with tables and booths, in little intimate nooks and crannies. Jill led us to the corner and a table with a reserved sign on it. She slid in and we all followed suit, scooting around the bench seat. 

"Reserved? How did you manage that?" Ellen asked. 

"The owner is the brother of my sister's husband." She said smiling. "Helps to have connections." 

Ellen smiled, "Heck yeah it does, and speaking of connections I am gonna start working on one. Come on Suzan lets hit the dance floor." Suzan smiled and sprung up from the table after the feisty blond, following her to the dace floor.

Jill looked at Tuyen, "Well aren't we the boring ones, should we join them?" Tuyen nodded with a big smile. 

"Come on Mike, join us." She said after standing to follow Jill.

I shook my head. She shrugged and followed Jill through the crowd. I felt a little ridiculous sitting by myself at the huge table, but dancing really wasn't my thing. I guess I was the typical guy in that regard. Oh well, there were any number of very nice ladies to look at from where I was sitting, but I found my curiosity about the girls I was with peaking. I pulled all four of them to me, and allowed just their surface thoughts to enter my mind. 

Ellen and Suzan were dancing together I thought, because they had many feelings and thoughts of each other mixed into a pure exuberant tone of joy that must be the dancing. Ellen was rather horny already, and if I was reading it right the object of her affections was Suzan. Suzan seemed oblivious though. 

I let myself focus on Suzan's mind a bit. At the strip poker game I thought I had detected her attraction to Ellen, so I followed the music in her down a little deeper. She was attracted to Ellen quite a lot, but she was in serious denial about it. I felt a few notes deeper and I found an old memory from childhood. A preacher pounding the table in fury about the hellfire damnation reserved for gays. She couldn't have been 10 years old and it scared the crap out of her. This memory had been built upon by all the stupid societal prejudices until she was terrified of any feelings she might have for another woman. I didn't think she was gay, but she sure might be Bi. 

I reached in and stilled that memory. It was surprisingly difficult due to the age of it. The other notes around it tried to keep it humming, but eventually they stilled as it did. When I was sure it had quieted I drifted back up through the notes and cords to her surface thoughts. She was confused. She had allowed herself to notice Ellen's flirtations now and she liked them rather a lot. I pushed her and Ellen from my mind, let them work it out from there I figured.

Tuyen and Jill had both found men to dance with. Jill was having fun, but it was clear she didn't have and designs on the guy she was with. Tuyen seemed like she was just joyful. Not expecting anything, or wanting anything, just enjoying herself. I pushed them both from my mind satisfied that everyone was having a good time. 

I found that all the people crammed into this place made for a lot more noise from the notes standing out just due to their proximity. It was a little distracting, and maybe even a little painful. I tired to push them all away further, but it was simply too much humanity in too high an emotional state. 

I wished I could put some distance between myself, and the plane that I saw the notes on. Since given the gift, I had seen the notes of individuals like strings of sound dancing on an endless featureless plane in my mind. In the distance was a mass of noise that was all the notes of humanity. This buzz of sound was overwhelming if focused on at once.

However, I had found that I could push them away far enough that the noise of them did not bother me. But now, I had a thousand notes closer then I wanted them, and there was nothing between my mind and them on this plane of thought, my minds eye as I called it. 

"If I could only put up something in between them and me." I thought.

Then, as if I had willed it, I felt as though I reached out and drew a great translucent curtain through the space in my mind. It was literally like pulling the curtains closed on a stage. As it closed around me, the noise stopped, almost completely. I could still see the notes dancing on the plain, but they did not sing through the curtain.

Electricity raced through me. Is this what the genie had meant about protecting myself? I experimented and found I could draw the curtain back with only a little concentration. Open and closed I moved it several times, enjoying myself. Then as I opened it for the forth or fifth time, a single note rang a loud discordant note in my mind. It went through me like a shock. It was a note of pure fear. 

Almost by instinct I reached out and pulled it to me. It was close, somewhere in this crowd. As it snapped into my mind I was almost overwhelmed with emotions. It was a woman, and she was terrified, but she was also in pain, and feeling violated. Then like a glass of ice water on my face I understood. She was being attacked. Someone was attacking her. 

I reached for a memory of the assailant, for a name, for anything that I could call their note to me with but her mind was beyond reading, the emotions too fierce. I leapt from the booth and began to push through the club. I had to find her. I used the sound of her note to guide me, like playing a crazy game of hot/cold as I frantically walked through the bar.
