 Hello everyone, and thank you to those of you who have sent such encouraging feedback. I just wanted to let you all know I will definitely endeavor to finish this series. The only draw back is the pace at which I work. I will try to have a new chapter out every two weeks or so. As always, feedback or constructive criticism is welcome. I hope you enjoy this chapter! S.T.   Chapter 12: The Independent Note  I rose slowly to the surface of consciousness, the first sensation I had was of warmth and comfort. Lying curled in my embrace was the sleeping form of Tuyen, her breathing gentle and slow. My eyes came open slowly as memory crawled back through the layers of sleep and fatigue. 

Long rays of golden orange light slanted across the room from the blinds, dust moats floating gently in the still morning air. I lay under the soft cotton of my comforter, and I could feel the warmth of Tuyen's back against my chest. Sometime in the night I had managed to undress to my shorts and crawl under the covers with her. She lay in front of me as I spooned her, and her black hair smelled of floral shampoo and sleep. For a moment I felt the peace of the moment, and all my other cares were far away.

Then Tuyen stirred and I heard her breathing changed as she stretched, pushing her body back into me. I could feel her soft ass pushing against my morning erection in my shorts. I waited a moment as I felt her slowly stir, and awake to realize where she was. A moment latter her head turned and I gazed down into her sleepy brown eyes, and smiling face.

"Good morning, how do you feel?" I asked, my voice still husky with sleep.

"Apparently I feel pretty good." She said with a smile as she pushed her ass back against my hard cock and I laughed.

"Well I won't contradict you on that point, but I meant your head."

She stopped smiling, and a frown crossed her brow as if she was concentrating. Tuyen rolled over and sat up letting the comforter gather in her lap. I could see now she had on a tee shirt and her panties, and judging by the nipples poking through her shirt she didn't sleep in her bra. I didn't mind at all as my cock twitched at the sight. 

"I feel like I have a terrible ringing in my ears, but it is like it is in my head." She frowned again and shook her head. 

"Push the noise away from you." I said.

"What do you mean?" she said with a look of discomfort on her face. 

"Imagine that the noise is in a big flat place in your mind, with you at the center of it. Try to push the noise away from you. Push it all the way to the horizon, as far away as you can." I said, excitement building in me along with fear. God I hoped if this worked that she could control it and I hadn't hurt her. 

Tuyen sat for a long moment her eyes closed, and her brow furrowed in concentration or discomfort. Then, her face relaxed and she smiled. Her note was already right before me in my mind, but I waited to call it to me. She seemed to be louder, more vibrant in my mind. Her eyes opened and she looked at me.

"It worked. Though I am not sure what I just did. I can visualize that place really easy though." she looked excited as she spoke.

"Is there still a ringing, but softer and more focused? Like a single note or chord that is near you?"

Tuyen closed her eyes again, and this time her face was peaceful as she sat in concentration. Slowly she nodded and she spoke in a whisper as if to help her hear the music inside her.

"Yes, there is a single note. I can almost see it right in front of me." Her eyes remained closed as she finished speaking.

"Tuyen, that note is my mind, loud and near because I am near you. The noise you pushed away is all the combined notes of humanity out there." I spoke in a whisper as I watched her face. Her eyes sprang open and I could see the amazement in them. "I guess it worked." I said with a smile.

"Oh my god Mike! That note is you? You mean I am reading your mind?" She looked a bit puzzled as she said this and I had to laugh.

"No, you are not reading my mind. Not yet anyway. Would you like to try too?" I asked the laugh still in my voice. She bit her lip and nodded like an excited little girl.

"Okay, all you have to do is call my note to you. If it is like it is for me, it will kind of snap into your mind, and you will hear all the music of my thoughts and feelings. If you concentrate on individual sounds, sometimes you will be able to see they are made up of many notes, sometimes they are only one or a few for a simple thought."

Tuyen looked really nervous, or maybe even a touch scared. I reached out and took her hand and squeezed gently smiling at her. "It's okay, go ahead and try. You won't hurt me."

She nodded, and closed her eyes again. Almost immediately I felt her in my mind. I don't know how to describe it, but I could feel her presence there. Others didn't seem to be able to notice me when I was in their minds, but they didn't have the gift. I wondered now if Tuyen would sense me in her mind. Then I felt her withdraw and she opened her eyes again.

"I did it Mike! I could see or hear all this sound. When I looked at some I could almost feel your concern for me, feel you thinking about me!" I nodded at her as she spoke. She shivered from either excitement or the early morning air. I patted the bed and she lay down slithering under the covers next to me to warm up. 

"I could feel you when you entered my mind. I wonder if that is because I have the gift. You might be able to feel me too now." I said

"Really? You look in my mind and I'll see if I can feel it." She said the excitement spilling out of her. I nodded

I called her note too me and it was there, filling me with her music. She was excited, really excited. She was also scared though, and a little uncertain. I stayed just at the surface thoughts as I watched her face. There was a look of shock on her face, then she smiled. 

"Mike I can feel you. I can feel you in my mind." She said in barely a whisper. 

I smiled back, and a mischievous thought struck me and I reached out and very briefly called the note of her nipple into existence for only a second. She gasped and jumped beside me. 

"I felt that! I mean, not just on my breast but in my mind." she said.

"What did it feel like?" I asked my own excitement getting the better of me. 

"Well it felt like you sucked my nipple for only a second." I felt my cock twitch as she said this. "But I could also feel you call the note in my mind, and it felt just as wonderful in my head as it did on my nipple. I don't know if I can explain it better then that."

"Call a note in me let me see if I can feel it. Just be careful to call one very quietly. I was much too heavy handed when I was trying to learn how to do it." Tuyen nodded and closed her eyes again. 

I felt her enter my mind, and for a long time I could feel her presence there, looking and exploring. I could tell she was at my surface thoughts, and I remembered how long it took me to learn to go deeper. I sat patiently then I felt it. It was as though suddenly every nerve in my cock was bathed in pure pleasure for a moment. It was so intense I am surprised I didn't cum right then. At the same time I could feel her in my mind pouring energy in the note of my already excited cock. It was like feeling her intent. I could feel the warm desire from her to make me feel good. 

Her eyes snapped open, and we lay there staring at each other for a moment. She was breathing very fast, and her eyes were bright with excitement. I wanted to lean over and kiss her. I wanted to take her in my arms and make love to her. She smiled then, and I could feel her still in my mind. In inspiration I called her note to me and breathed as gently as I could the note for a soft gentle kiss into existence as I watched her face.

Her eyes widened, and she reached up to gently touch her own smiling lips. I leaned across the six inches between us then, and kissed her gently on the lips. I could feel the note of it vibrate to life in her mind and I softly whispered into its soft hum, feeling Tuyen moan into my mouth. Almost immediately I could feel the sensation of the kiss expand in my mind and make me light headed and dizzy with the pleasure of it. There was also the sensation of feeling her in my mind feeding me pleasure through that note. Tuyen was a fast learner.

We continued to kiss softly as I pulled her soft body into mine. Each kiss was followed by a wave of pleasure as each of us stroked the notes within. It was an odd, but utterly enjoyable sensation to feel Tuyen's intent in my mind, then feel it immediately reflected in my body. The physical sensation alone was almost overwhelming, but add to it the mental intimacy and I felt like I was in a bubble of pleasure.

I ran my hand up and down her side as we kissed, feeling the perfectly smooth warmth of her skin. As I tickled up and down her back and side I held each note that formed until she felt as though five of six sets of hands were gently tickling her body. She arched her back and her tongue drove into my mouth as we kissed. 

Tuyen pulled away from me then and ripped her shirt off exposing her beautiful breasts to me. I immediately lunged down to take one of her hard nipples in my mouth, gently flicking my tongue back and forth across the swollen tip. Tuyen moaned and pulled my head tight against her chest as I sucked her. I poured a gentle trickle of energy into the note that had sprung forth and she writhed beneath me.

At last she pushed me back and her hot mouth attacked both my nipples, sucking and nipping at each in turn. I continued to stimulate the notes of her nipples and the touch on her back as she sucked on me. Finally she pulled away, but I still thrummed with the feel of her hot mouth on my chest, and the dizzy headed kisses we had shared. 

She kissed down my chest and stomach tugging at my boxers until I raised my hips and pulled them off. I could feel the cold air as it hit my cock, and it caused a little shiver to run through me. Like a hunter I could feel her pounce on that note, and sustain it making my whole body tremble with the sustained feeling of that shiver for long moments before she released it. 

"God Tuyen, you're driving me crazy. Please suck me." I begged, my body on fire. 

She looked up at me and smiled. "Do you trust me?" I nodded curious what that sly smile was for. She pulled and then kicked her panties off revealing her shaved pussy to me. She then sat up on her knees and began to play with herself sliding her juices up and down her swollen labia, and then plunging her middle finger deep into herself. I felt the notes spring up as she did this and I poured energy into them causing them to sing loudly in her. She smiled as she felt me take hold of them, and nodded her approval even as the pleasure washed over her. 

Finally she bent over and slid her wet hand up the inside of my thigh, then sliding her wet fingers down into the crack of my ass. I spread my legs and tilted my hips until I felt her wet fingers massaging my asshole. Gently she lubed me with her own juices before pushing her finger slowly into me. I continued to stimulate her notes so she still felt my mouth on her nipples, and the sensation of fingering herself as she slid her finger into me all the way. 

Slowly she began to massage my prostate. I felt electric sparks of pleasure shoot up through my hard cock throbbing inches away from her face as she looked up at me. She smiled now and I felt her take hold of that note within me, stimulating it even as she pulled her finger out of me. I felt like my cock was on fire. 

Tuyen's small hand reach out and grasp my enormous cock in her hand, her fingers felt cool on my hot skin and I twitched as the sensations continued to flood through me from her assault on my notes. She then moved her legs around until she was straddling my face, her beautiful golden shaved skin glistening above me. I could see her twitch as I continued to excite her pussy. Then she lowered her mouth onto my cock, even as I took her swollen pussy into my mouth. 

I sucked her slowly, flicking my tongue back and forth across her swollen lips right above where her clit lay hidden inside them. I poured energy into this note even as I sucked, and I could feel the orgasm beginning to build in her even as it built in me. I held the notes tightly together in her, not wanting her to cum yet, and suddenly I felt the same control from her. I felt like I was riding the crest of the wave without any fear of falling down into the bliss of release. It was maddening, and yet excruciatingly pleasurable. 

Finally, both of us almost mad with need Tuyen almost leap off of me turning around to straddle my glistening cock. She grasped it again with one hand and in one fluid movement she impaled herself on me. The sensation of that hot pussy combined with all the pleasure she was pouring into my mind made my head swim. She paused for only a moment before she began to bounce up and down on my cock with wild abandon. I reached up and pinched both her nipples and just poured energy into the column of sound in her that represented all the combined pleasures of her mind and body. 

Meanwhile she continued to amplify all my sensations, including the strong jolts of pleasure from my prostate. In fact I realized I could still feel the pleasure of her mouth on me as well, even as her hot pussy consumed my cock. I felt like I should have cum a hundred times already, but my body continued to hum like a tight string played to its limit before breaking. 

I looked up into Tuyen's face, and her eyes were glazed over in rapture as she bounced up and down on me. 

"Now Tuyen, let go now." I croaked out, and she nodded, only slightly.

I felt her let go of her control of my notes, even as I released hers and poured as much energy as I dared into them. There was a pause, like a long deep shuttering breath before our pleasure broke over us both. I felt my cock erupt into her as her pussy clamped down on me like a vice. The room swam out of focus as she rocked back and forth on me as her pussy gripped me over and over, and my cock continued to pulse long after all my cum had filled her. How long we floated in that bliss I can't imagine, but when the sensations finally began to recede Tuyen collapsed on me panting in utter exhaustion. 

We lay for long moments in that warm embrace before Tuyen rolled off of me to lie curled on her side facing me, a big smile on her pretty face.

"I can't believe that." She said shaking her head and chuckling. I nodded smiling myself now. 

"I know, with both of us using the gift it seemed to amplify everything that much more. I could feel your intent to give me pleasure even as you gave it to me. It was. . ."

"Incredible." She said as I nodded in agreement.

Her eyes traveled up past me to the wall clock and she sat up quickly. "Oh crap, I'm gonna be late for work." 

"Oh yeah, work." I thought. 

She scrambled out of bed and began to get dressed as I watched her. There was so much to tell her, so much to discuss and she had to leave. 

"Tuyen, before you go I need to see if you can protect yourself." I said with as much calmness as I could in my voice, even still she looked at me gravely and nodded. 

"What do you want me to do?" she said buttoning her pants and sitting on the bed beside me. 

"I want you to envision the plane of thought in your mind." She nodded as she closed her eyes. 

"Okay, got it. It seems to be getting easier." She said with a smile. I filed that away for later consideration.

"Now I want you to imagine you are trying to pull a curtain closed between your consciousness, and all those people and space out there."

She stayed still and I watched her note in my mind. Suddenly it felt as if it dimmed considerably, like it had almost vanished. 

"Wow Mike, what did I just do?" she said opening her eyes to look at me. 

"You shielded your mind." Inside I was ecstatic. She could protect herself, what I had done worked! "You should be able to open it and close it as you see fit. I would keep it at least mostly closed most of the time. That is what I do now that I know Dolkoff is out there."

She nodded and looked grave. I knew neither of us wanted to think about the confrontation that was on the horizon for us, but it was a fact of existence and the sooner we came to terms with it the better. 

"Okay, well I have to go. You gonna be alright? Oh Shit, what about sleeping beauty out there?" 

"Oh god, I forgot! Let's go have a look." I leapt up and pulled on my pants and a tee shirt before heading out into the living room. The man was still asleep.

"I guess he needs his beauty rest. Look I gotta go Mike, call me if you need anything, alright. I'll swing back by tonight and we can talk some more okay?" 

"Okay Tuyen, you be safe and thanks. . .for everything." I said with a coy wink and she laughed.

"You're welcome for everything. See you later." She embraced me, and we shared a long kiss before she disappeared out the door. I turned the deadbolt and turned around to find the man sitting on the couch staring at me. In instinct I slammed my curtain closed and readied a ball of thought to fling at him, but he just sat there staring at me with eyes so dark they looked black. 

"I thought she would never leave. I didn't want to disturb you two. I take it that was the first time you have done that with someone else with the gift?" I nodded too stunned to speak. His voice was rich and smooth, and had a faint accent I could not place.

"Come sit, we need to talk." I stumbled over to a chair and sat opposite him. He looked terrible, like he had been in a bad fight on the loosing end. Dark circles ringed his eyes, and his hair was matted with blood. I decided to start with optimism, why not. I held out my hand to him.

"My name is Mike." He sat for long seconds before he slowly reached out and took my hand in his. The skin was soft and dry, but his grip firm. He did not release my hand as he spoke.

"I am Dimitry, and I think I owe you my life." His eyes were hard, appraising but not cruel.

"You were in a pretty bad way when I found you; Dolkoff had done a real number on you. I think you would have died if I had not helped you. You were certainly. . ." I cut myself off before I could finish the thought.

"Mad?" he said and I nodded "I would have to have been mad to come here, to expect help from my enemy if that is truly what you are. Somehow I doubt that, or I would not be here, no?" his voice trembled a little as he spoke. 

"I'm not your enemy, nor was I Dolkoff's before he started attacking me."

"You exist, and your power is greater then his. That makes you an enemy." His steady voice and completely still posture unnerved me a bit.

"Well regardless, the battle lines are drawn between us now. The question at hand is you Dimitry" He watched me steadily, eyes unblinking for long moments before he spoke, and when the words came they were quieter then before.

"I am not your enemy, not anymore. I don't remember much, but I do remember Dolkoff ripping my mind apart. The rest is madness. For me to be here, and whole, the only answer is that you helped me somehow?" he said

"I healed your mind. I will be honest with you I had never done it before, and I am not sure how well I did it. At least you seem lucid now." I said

"Why? Why did you help me? I attacked you." His voice had risen to its normal level, but there was a note of concern in it now.

"Because I am not a killer, and if I did not try to help, you would have died." I said slowly, answering myself as well as him.

"Dolkoff would have killed me. Anna saved me, though I would have died without your help. I have never been able to protect myself as she and some of the others can." He seemed lost in thought now, his mind looking back for a moment before his eyes came up to meet mine.
