 Chapter 10: The Growing Power of Sound

"If you're referring to the old man who just tried to cook my brain, then yeah we've met. Him and his groupie." I said a little more snidely then I intended.

"Not a groupie; that would be his daughter." The genie's voice rang in my head, curtain or no curtain of protection. "Though he has many groupies, as you might call them."

"Daughter? Would that make the man at my house. . ."

"His son, yes." The genie said with a strange expression on its face. I waited a moment trying to collect my thoughts, and to determine where I needed this conversation to go. The genie never seemed to want to talk long, and there were things I needed to know. 

"He asked about your box. When he saw it was empty he seemed to know you were gone, which would mean he knew about you specifically. You want to explain that?"

The genie's dark eyes regarded me passionlessly for a few moments before it spoke. "Yes, I will tell you part of his story, though the rest you will have to discover on your own. I meat Dolkoff over 1000 years ago when he opened my box." I nodded my head my worst fear being realized. God the genie had given him the gift too. 

"I did not give him anything human." The voice was incredibly hard. "I was forced from my prison to serve him with three wishes, which I did. He did not know that on the completion of his third wish that I and my box would vanish to be hidden somewhere else for some other poor fool to discover." It looked at me again for long moments before going on. 

"His three wishes were. To have power over others, to command them with his mind, and to have endless life, to never grow old, and last, to be unbelievably wealthy. I gave him all three in some form or another." Now the genie smiled. I felt all the hair rise on the back of my neck, and a shiver went through me to my core. There was nothing pleasing in its smile.

"I take it he didn't get exactly what he thought he was getting?" I said softly, not intending to whisper but doing so nonetheless. The smile on the genie vanished and I found myself grateful for the respite.

"No human, he got EXACTLY what he wished for, no more, no less. But as I told you before, I can see into the hearts of humans and never do they wish for what would make them happy, for these things are often burdens as well as blessings." I sat thinking of my own new found joy at life, and yet the struggles I had faced and would continue to face. I nodded my head as I looked back to the genie.

"Your power is a gift from me too you, and his is dwarfed by what you in time will be able to do. I gave you your gift as you call it, as reward for the service you rendered me. When you showed your character, I was intrigued and I gave you more. I am curious what someone like you could do with so much potential." 

My mind raced. I needed to keep it talking, but some part of me now had an ugly thought. What if I had only received this power because the genie hoped I would deal with this Dolkoff character for it? The genie's face was impassive.

"You must develop your gift. You have not pushed yourself much in this human; you have let the learning come as it would. Still, I gave you an elegant thing, his power is only as powerful as his limited mind could imagine. He hoped to use his children to gain more wishes from me, but never again will I aid him. I would kill him; though the magic that bound me to that box prevents me destroying any I served outright, even now that I am free."

"So you're saying I have the power to defeat him? Does that mean destroy him? I'm not a killer." And the vision of the man in the club immediately came before my eyes. "I don't want to be a killer." I whispered. The genie was silent again before responding, and now its voice sounded impatient.

"You will be what you must human. I tell you this though. He has learned to use his power to open the minds of those with potential. Thus his children gained their lesser powers and others as well. In time I do not know what he could achieve. He has killed many times in his life, and always taken what he wanted. You can stop him. It is up to you to decide. I have given you everything you need." 

"I could use some help!" I snapped. 

"Then make some." Snapped the genie. With the last word it was gone and the shop seemed unnaturally quiet and empty. "Make some?" I thought, "What the hell does that mean?" then a chill went down my spine yet again this morning. What was it the genie had said about my power and Dolkoff's? That mine was elegant, and far more powerful than his. That would mean anything he could do I should be able to do, and more. 

He had unlocked the power in his children's minds, and his followers. Could I do that? I had no idea even where to begin. Even if I could give someone this gift, would I want to? How many people would abuse it, how many would it be more of a burden then a gift? The moral implications of this seemed far worse then even using the gift on someone else.

I stood and nearly fell to the floor. I had no idea how tired I had become just sitting on the stool. Well, I had done a lot while just sitting on that stool I thought. I sat back down and reached for the phone. 

I drank some coffee and ate some breakfast I had delivered to the shop, and I found I recovered very quickly. I spent the next several hours of the morning having the craters come and crate items to be delivered, then those same items shipped off. I had a few customers, mostly lookers but one usual who bought a fine old mirror, mostly though I spent the morning thinking about the genie's words, and the hidden meanings and implications. 

It was right that I had not really pushed myself to test or learn about the gift. I didn't really know where to begin, but then again I hadn't really tried anything yet. I ordered a large pizza for lunch planning to have leftovers for dinner. The pizza delivery girl was cute, but I stayed out of her head; I was so busy with my own thoughts. I sat munching on a slice when a voice nearly scared me off my chair.

"You got a hot piece for me?" It was Wendy standing on the other side of the counter smiling at me. 

"Damn Wendy! You scared the crap out of me! I didn't hear you come in?" I said in puzzlement.

"I came in as the delivery girl went out. Sorry I surprised you. I just thought I would stop by on my way to work, see the shop. I've walked by a bunch of times but never had the guts to come in." She blushed as she said this and I pulled her note to me. She was nervous, but she was also a little horny and excited. She had a rather detailed fantasy about doing me behind the counter in my shop. I found I didn't mind that idea at all, and I had an idea.

"Well it is my fault; I am supposed to lock up when I break for lunch. You want to join me? I have way too much." I said with a smile pointing at the pizza.

"Sure! I'm starved." She looked around and grabbed an $800 antique bar stool off the floor and pulled it up to the counter. Well at least she had taste. I walked to the front and turned off the open sign, and put the back in one hour lunch sign up as I locked the front door.

I walked back to the counter and pulled my stool out to sit next to Wendy on the other side and helped myself back to my half eaten piece of pizza. Wendy smiled at me as she munched.

I had a devilish idea, one that gave me a bit of a moral pause. I was thinking of the notes of pleasure that seemed to just appear when I touched a woman as we made love. They seemed to just spring forth from nowhere as soon as I touched their breasts or pussy, or entered them. Each seemed to correspond to a specific erogenous zone. I wanted to know if I could create those notes just with the gift before I touched her. I knew I could amplify them once they were going, but what about create them? 

"Mike this is great, thanks." Wendy said as she reached for another piece.

"My pleasure." I said 

As she took another bite I reached into her mind and tried to remember exactly what the note felt and sounded like when I sucked one of her nipples. I found it came easily to mind, like remembering a song. As I thought on it a string of sound began to form in her mind, very small at first but slowly growing. I saw Wendy suddenly sit up straight in her chair with a strange look on her face. 

Her left nipple was sticking out rather prominently through her tight CU tee-shirt. She had stopped chewing and tried to discreetly rub her arm across it. I pretended not to notice, as I watched the note fade in her mind, to barely a trace. Perhaps I had aroused her enough for her own mind to keep it lightly going?

I then recalled the memory of the note for her clit. I was careful with this one, knowing the sensitivity of the thing I was messing with. It too came easily to mind, and I only barely let the note start before I stopped my manipulations. I watched as Wendy squirmed on the stool, and the note, even though I had released it grew to a soft hum and continued to purr. She was very horny now, but she was also nervous. I strummed a gentle note in her mind to relax, that I was a friend.

She stopped eating and dropped her pizza in the box. "Mike, I need to level about something with you." Her voice was husky, and I could see both her nipples were now hard. I realized the notes for both of then were gently humming in her mind now. When did that happen? Damn don't pay attention for a second.

"Of course Wendy, you know you can tell me anything. What are friends for?" 

"Well I'm hoping you're for giving me a really good fucking right now because I am really horny." My mouth must have hit my chest, but apparently this was the right response because I could feel Wendy's passion flare in her, and her mind eat up the sexual empowerment she felt. She stood and walked over to me on my stool, and wrapped her arms around me kissing me deeply, pushing her tongue into my welcoming mouth.

Still sitting on my stool, I pulled her warm soft body against me and enjoyed the rich full feel of her lips and her breasts pressed against me. I reached down and grasp the edge of her shirt sliding it up her as I kissed her. She broke our contact only long enough for me to pull it over her head and toss it to the floor. I drank in the sight of her large breasts in her black lacey bra. It looked like the same one I had seen the other night.

Our mouths found each other again as I ran my hands up and down her soft warm back, feeling the goose bumps rise on her arms and sides. As I touched her I stroked the notes of her breasts and clit very gently which made her squirm into me. I blessed my luck as her bra clasp came undone smoothly and I pulled it down off her shoulders. 

She leaned back away from me with a smile and her bra hung for a moment on the end of her firm breasts before she let it fall to the floor. Her nipples were large and very hard, and I could feel her strum of pleasure in her note as she felt the cool air on them. As she stepped back up to kiss me I took them both in my fingers and rolled and pinched them as our mouths became locked together again. 

Wendy was stroking my hard cock through my pants, and I found my own level of arousal was growing as rapidly as hers. I moaned softly as she kissed me, and I felt a note in her thrum. It was not the physical notes of pleasure, but a whole cord of sound that seemed to represent her emotional arousal. I excited it very gently. 

Wendy pulled back from me, her eyes absolutely ablaze with lust. "God you make me want to fuck you till you can't walk." She licked my saliva from her lips and fell to her knees clawing open my pants to free my hard cock. It sprang out throbbing, and I swore it looked bigger then our last time as she leaned forward to suck it into her hot mouth. I moaned, and felt her response in her emotional and physical arousal. I decided to let myself go and really vocalize since it seemed to really turn her on. I began to moan and cry out as her head bobbed up and down my shaft. 

I pulled my shirt off as she continued to suck me. I strummed all the notes in her mind, and just for fun I conjured the notes for her clitoral and rectal g spots into being. She shuddered as she sucked me from pure pleasure. This seemed to be too much for her though for she released my very hard cock to stand and kiss me again. I could feel my cock pressing into her soft belly, and reaching up to touch her beautiful breasts. I began to grind my hips, pushing my cock up into that softness as we kissed. 

She leaned back without breaking our kisses, and took each breast in a hand and trapped my cock between her hot breasts. My cock, wet with her saliva pumped into her breasts and I felt my orgasm rising. "Oh not yet!" I thought and I felt it hold at a level of divine pleasure, as if I had absolute control of it I said a silent thank you to the genie again.

After I though I would loose my mind with the pleasure of my cock riding between her breasts, she stepped back and pulled the soft cotton weave skirt up around her waist revealing her bare pussy and long strings of wetness dripping from her swollen sex. She didn't bother to remove her black knee high boots as she climbed onto me on the stool. 

I had to reach back to grab the counter to hold us steady as she immediately settled herself on my hard cock. I thought her breasts had felt hot, but they were nothing compared to her pussy. Once settled I grabbed her ass in both hands and she began to rock on me, embedding my cock all the way in her. I strummed all her notes of pleasure, and then held that column of pre-orgasmic sound together as I sucked her hard nipples each in turn. 

In a daze I let my own orgasm begin to build again, and wave after wave of pleasure ran through me as she rode me. As my release approached, I released my hold on that column of beautiful singing sound and strummed a loud note into it to amplify it one last time. She screamed out in pleasure even as I yelled with the spurting of my cock. I rode the pleasure in her mind, even as she rode the cum out of me in long glorious spurts. When we at last finished we sat clinging to each other perched on that ridiculous stool. It could have been a toadstool for all I cared though. 

It took some time before Wendy's legs would support her to climb off me. When she did a large amount of cum ran from her pussy to be collected by two of her fingers and sucked into her smiling mouth. 

"Mmmmmm, one of these days you're going to have to let me suck it out of you." She said with almost a purr. 

"Well if you must." I said with a wink trying to pull my pants back up without falling off the stool or on my face.

"That will be tough though, I so want to ride your cock and if I suck you off I won't get any for a while." I raised my eyebrows at her. 

"Oh yeah, try me sometime." Now it was her turn to raise her eyebrows at me, and a slow flush creped up her cheeks. 

"Damn it! Why am I always late for work when I want to fuck you again." She said with exasperation trying to put her bra back on with shaking hands. 

"Too much of a good thing?" I asked with a chuckle. She smirked at me in a playful way. Then her face grew serious.

"Look Mike, you're really fun but you'll tell me if we need to stop fooling around won't you? I mean, I don't want to screw up something else that may be more permanent or anything." I could feel her concern in her mind. It was partially for me, and partially for the fact that she really didn't want to be tied down right now. 

"Look Wendy. I know we are just friends okay. You're free to do what ever you want with whoever you want. If I get involved with someone seriously trust me I'll let you know. Though I am sure I will miss having fun with you." Her smile came back again, and I could feel the relief wash through her. She wanted her cake and to eat it too so to speak. I could sense there were several other guys she wanted to get to know a little better. I guess she was going through her own little sexual awakening. Lucky me to be a part of it.

"Mike you really are awesome. Now I better get to work!" 

We exchanged a few long kisses and more then a few gropes before I escorted her to the front, and reopened the shop as she left. 

I walked back to the counter and looked down at my stool, our juices still collected on the edge of it. Amazing what could happen to a guy just sitting on a stool.

The rest of the day passed with nothing even as remotely interesting as my morning and lunch activities. I was dreadfully tired though by the time I locked up and headed for home. I had the feeling the combination of the sex and the attack had taken it out of me. The funny thing was that if I had to guess which was more tiring I would say the sex. 

I always enjoyed my walk home through the mall, especially when I worked a little late like today, and the street lights were just coming on. The people that were out were mostly on their way to or from work, and walked in that rapid daze so common these days. It made you feel a little alone, even in a crowd.

I walked past the Grind without stopping, and I could see Wendy behind the counter looking as tired as I felt. I hope she gets off soon I thought, but I didn't stop, figuring there was such a thing as too much of a good thing.

I walked the block over to the condos and up the winding path between the buildings. The sun had fallen enough that it was that time of day where everything is cast in silhouette against the fading sky. I pulled my keys from my pocket as I walked up to the front door and stopped dead in my tracks. 

The door was unlatched. I walked forward and reached out with my mind to feel for any notes, while at the same time pulling my curtain of defense a little closed around me. There was the note of someone inside, but it was very faint. It took me a moment to realize the person was either asleep, or unconscious. 

I reached cautiously for the door knob, and my fingers met something sticky and wet. I jerked my hand back. My fingers were stained a dark red that showed dimly in the light cast by Jill's porch light. I felt fear then, and I pulled the curtain closed in my mind and formed a tight ball of emotion in my mind and held it there, churning waiting for release.

I pushed the door open and it swung into the darkness of my home. No sound greeted me, no movement. I walked in and my hand groped for the light switch. When the lamp beside the couch came on I nearly threw the ball emotion I had at the figure seated there, but he was not moving and his body slumped over the side of the couch. 

It was the young boy who had attacked me the other night. His face was pale and streaks of dried blood ran from his nose. His eyes were closed. I walked the few paces to him I could see where the blood from his none had soaked into the pillow on the end of the couch. In one hand he held a handkerchief soaked with more blood. "What the hell?" I thought.

I reached down and felt a reedy pulse in his neck, when his eyes snapped open and looked right into mine. There was no sanity there. They were wide and wild, full of fear and rage, and pain. I reached for his note before I stopped to think what that might mean. His note sprang to life in my mind and I heard the most awful symphony of discordant sound I could ever have imagined. It was like a white hot poker in my brain. His arms shot up and grabbed both my shoulders.

"Help me! Please! I am. . .he will kill. . . help ME!" His voice was frantic and loud. I forgot my fear as compassion took hold of me. There was no duplicity in him. Hell, there was hardly anything left of his mind. 

"It's okay; I'll help you, calm down." But he began to sob now, to weep and grow hysterical. I reached into his mind and began to send notes of calming, to try to still the loudest jangling notes, to encourage him to calm. 
