 One rainy Saturday morning, Nicole was snuggled up in her bed reading a book that talked about the seven main Archangels everyone knows, and how to connect with them. The book contained much modern information about the angels (such as their favorite bands, what they would like to do on a date etc.). Nicole was very drawn to one. The angel of death, Azrael. In the book it said his favorite thing to do on a date was going to an old movie and eat pizza and chocolate. He was also not a depressed angel due to his reputation as "the grim reaper".

In Nicole's mind's eye, she could easily picture Azrael. He was tall, about 6'8", short dark brown hair, big brown eyes, a white smile that melted you on the inside and had a tan. He wore a black trench coat with a grey ringer t-shirt and black jeans. He wasn't Goth; he just liked dressing that way. In her mind's eye, Azrael took her hand and kissed it. He smiled and then proceeded to wrap her around his big grey feathery wings. He hugged her and caressed her and whispered in her ear.

"I know you've been feeling alone since you broke up with your boyfriend, Nicole and your father dying. I want you to know that I am always going to be with you in spirit. I am your angel here to comfort you." Azrael then proceeded to kiss her ear and nibble on it. They were then lying in a field of flowers and Azrael cuddled up to her. Nicole then awoke from her meditative state.

"I could have sworn that was real! I think I connected with Azrael", she thought to herself.

Nicole got up and brushed her brownish blonde hair and went on to computer to blog about her metaphysical experience. While she was writing, an IM popped up. It was from someone with the handle "Azchocolatetanwithasmile".

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: Good afternoon, Nicole!

FairyAngel01: Who are you? How do you know my name?

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: Oh, I know lots. ;)

FairyAngel01: Ok, so what do you know about me?

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: For starters, I know you are really wet between your legs ;)

And that was true; Nicole was wet between her legs. The dream she had really melted her butter.

FairyAngel01: I am really wet, actually. I had...

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: woken up from a dream? Yes, I know all about that too ;) I'm sitting here with a hard on, actually ;)

FairyAngel01: Nice ;) Maybe we should take care of it?

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: Yeah, let's trade pix ;)

Nicole and the mysterious stranger traded pics. When Nicole opened the file, she couldn't believe her eyes. The mysterious stranger looked a lot like Azrael! But it couldn't be!

"Angels can't take on human form just to simply mate with humans. Isn't that a sin against God? I know demons can take on human form, but I highly doubt angels would." Nicole thought to herself.

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: I think we should meet ;) I am visiting your area from out of town. I want to feel your brownish blonde hair in my hands and look into those soulful blue eyes. You are a truly beautiful woman, Nicole. And I know that you need a man's touch...

FairyAngel01: Again...how do you know my name???

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: Ok, I looked at your profile. It says your name is Nicole...no magic there!

FairyAngel01: Oh yeah, I forgot about that lol.

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: So do we have a date?

FairyAngel01: Sure, what is your name?

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: I'm sorry, but I'm not comfortable giving out my name. =(

Nicole didn't care that he didn't want to share his name. He looked a lot like Azrael and just thought that maybe it was him in disguise. Although Nicole's logic and skepticism would get the best of her, she just thought of this as a random meeting with someone who was very psychic.

FairyAngel01: So where shall we meet up?

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: How about that Starbuck's coffee shop that's on Miller and Court?

FairyAngel01: Ok that sounds good; I'll be there in about 10 minutes.

Azchocolatetanwithasmile: See you there :)

Nicole went and got dressed. She put on a hot pink spaghetti strap top with a white cardigan and picked out a denim mini-skirt and a pair of white platforms, since she was only 5'4". She figured the mysterious guy would be as tall as Azrael was in her vision.

Nicole then went downstairs, grabbed her keys and headed out to her 2000 Camaro. As she drove, she kept thinking about the mysterious stranger. Would he be a sexy, dark mysterious man or just some insane stalker? Or what if it was one of her friends playing a practical joke on her? She then arrived at her destination. As she walked inside the coffee house, she saw the mysterious stranger sitting at a table, drinking a latte', reading a book. The mysterious stranger was wearing a black leather jacket and a pair of black jeans.

"Hi, I'm Nicole," she said as she approached the mysterious stranger.

The mysterious stranger looked up and smiled. Just like Azrael, he had a flashy pearl of whites. The mysterious stranger put his book down, got up and took Nicole in his arms and gave her one of the most passionate kisses she's ever had. There was something also odd about him. He was very cool feeling. Not cold, just cool. Nicole's tongue played with the mysterious stranger's tongue. His breath smelled like coffee, but Nicole didn't care. She was feeling really wet between her legs, and was getting hot and bothered.

"Let's go somewhere more private." The mysterious stranger whispered, as he took Nicole's hand.

Nicole blindly followed the mysterious stranger. They left the coffee shop and went into a little ally that was right next door. The mysterious stranger pushed Nicole up against the wall and started kissing her passionately. He kissed her from her lips, down to her white neck. It then started to rain, but the lovers didn't care. They were both more turned on by the rain on their bodies. The mysterious stranger started to dry hump Nicole as he sucked on her neck and massaged her 44B tits. Nicole spread her legs and lifted her skirt up revealing her pink lacey panties. The mysterious stranger then proceeded to move his hand down south to Nicole's mound. He rubbed his fingers on her crotch and traced the pussy lips. He could feel Nicole's wetness threw her panties. He then shoved his long index finger into her hole threw her panties. Nicole humped the mysterious stranger's finger, and continued kissing him and moaning into his mouth.

The mysterious stranger couldn't take anymore. He ripped off Nicole's panties and broke the kiss. He kneeled down to Nicole's shaven cunt and proceeded to lick it. Nicole moaned and rocked back and forth on his tongue. His tongue massaged her sensitive clitoris and he began sucking on it.

"Mmm...this has to be the best sex I've ever had." Nicole moaned.

The mysterious stranger didn't respond, he kept licking Nicole's slit, sliding his tongue back and forth between her clit and her hole. Nicole then climaxed on his tongue. The mysterious stranger got up and kissed her on the lips. She had never tasted her own juices before, but she liked it. She sucked the mysterious stranger's tongue dry. He then pulled down his pants and laid Nicole on the ground. He had a 9 inch cock and could barely fit in her tight pussy. He had to lift her legs onto his shoulders and thrusted right in.

"Uhhhh....oh my gosh, you're so big!" Nicole squealed.

The mysterious stranger continued thrusting his enormous 9 incher into her tight cunt. Her legs trembled with every solid thrust. With each thrust, he would go deeper. Nicole was in pain but yet she was enjoying the mixed sensations.

"Oh my God, I'm going to cum...get ready", the mysterious stranger moaned as he shot his seed into Nicole's snatch. The mysterious stranger collapsed onto Nicole and kissed her. A few minutes later, Nicole and the mysterious stranger got up. They put back on their bottoms. The mysterious stranger embraced Nicole and whispered in her ear "I want you to know that I am always going to be with you in spirit. I am your angel here to comfort you." The mysterious stranger let go. Nicole stepped back and all of a sudden, he was gone like a thief in the night. Nicole wondered if it was really a dream or if her hook up actually happened. She literally pinched herself.

"Yup, it was real. But who was he really?" she thought to herself as she got back into her car and drove home. She then realized she never did finish her blog post about her experience from that morning. So how did he end up saying the exact same thing Azrael said? And how did he get away so fast? How in the world did he just disappear? Nicole to this day doesn't know.