 Chapter 14: The Bridge of Sound

"My head hurts." Was the first conscious thought that drifted down through the fog of my mind. I pried my eyes open and dim light filled my vision. Slowly my thoughts began to assemble themselves into some kind of order as I looked up at a beautiful wood ceiling. Where the heck was I? 

I remembered my apartment, the confrontation with the girls, and then nothing. I must have blacked out, though I was amazed that just channeling information like that could have exhausted me so much. Then again, I had been using the gift a rather excessive amount in the last 24 hours. 

I slowly lifted my head and looked around. I was in a nicely furnished room; that had that distinct feel of someone's guest room. You know what I'm talking about, a room that is a little too clean, and containing all the knickknacks that were to tacky to put in the rest of the house, but seemed to fit as homey touches in a guest bedroom. 

I sat up slowly and found to my relief that I felt fine, though still a little tired. There was no clock in the room, and I never used a watch, instead relying on my cell phone for a timepiece. My clothes were nowhere to be seen as I sat on the edge of the bed in a pair of sweat pants that only came down to my calf. 

The first order of business was to figure out where I was, though since I had collapsed in the presence of my four best friends I wasn't too worried. I pulled back the curtain of my mind, and let the notes around me come into focus. There were two that were close and I recognized them as I pulled them closer. Suzan and Ellen. 

Their notes seemed to be ringing loudly in my mind as I pulled them close, and as I let Ellen's snap into me I realized why. A strong pillar of sound was blazing in her of sexual excitement. She was deeply turned on, and her notes for her nipples and her clit were singing strongly. 

Curious I let Suzan's mind snap into place and was assaulted by the same feelings of sexual sound and energy. They were in the throws of making love to each other. As I let the surface thoughts of these two woman dance in my mind I could tell they deeply cared about each other, but they both also carried feelings of shame and doubt about their relationship. 

Neither of them considered themselves to be gay, they both enjoyed the company of men, and sex with men, but they had found something rare and beautiful in each other. Still, they were afraid. Especially Suzan, who still fought with her upbringing, and even now in the throws of passion with her lover; her worries bounced around her brain disrupting her pleasure, and holding back her love. Then worst of all, she doubted that Ellen could feel the things she was feeling, that maybe to her it was only a bit of fun.

Ellen was less inhibited, though she too had issues. She had experimented before with other woman, but the things she felt for Suzan where much deeper and richer. A long term relationship was what she wanted, but her own mind fought her with feelings of worry about the stigma and troubles that came from being with another woman. She also feared that her love would not be returned.

I felt my anger rise a little at their fear and confusion. Anger not at them, but at our society that had so many hang-ups, and so many people who wanted to control others with their moral judgments of what was right and wrong; it made me sick! Who were they to get in the way of peoples' happiness? These two women didn't deserve this doubt and pain, they deserve joy and love.

Without thinking, acting on my emotion and love for these two people I pulled there minds more firmly into focus, and I let ring in them a note of love from me, a note with feelings of friendship, trust, and above all approval.

I felt them both startle, and there passions both immediately dimmed. Then, with infinite care, I reached out and let Ellen's note of love for Suzan ring through into the other woman's mind. I could feel a shorter moment of shock as Suzan understood what she was feeling, and then her own feelings blazed forth. 

These feeling of love I gave to Ellen, and they shared with no physical barrier between them, an absolute certainty of the others feeling and intentions to them. They knew, as most people will ever know, that they loved one another, and that their fears should be cast aside. 

I shared then their fears with each of them, and watched them be whipped away by the comfort and concern of the other. There was a tight column of sound now bridging between them, and I found it easier to hold the two of them together. I was no longer forcing the connection, but acting more like a conductor and helping choose what things to highlight and share.

I felt the notes spring up as they kissed and held each other. I could feel the passion and the tears in them, tears of joy and relief, and understanding. I fed the feelings of those kisses back to each woman, and let her experience the others physical and emotional fusion of these feelings. The power of the connection soared.

I could feel them touching now, as other notes of pleasure sprang to life. These I shared and intensified. I could almost picture them holding each other tightly, as their hands explored each others bodies as if for the first time. I let the feeling of what they did to each other be reflected back at them, and I found that this reflection strengthened their own pleasure without my tampering at all.

The connection between them grew, and blossomed. New feelings were crossing without my help, as they caressed and sucked on each other. How long I rode outside this beautiful dance, watching, but separate, I don't know. 

Finally I felt the strong notes spring up of physical pleasure, and the sound began to take on that tone of orgasm. I held the column together now, and let it build and the pleasure lengthen and strengthen. But I realized then, that I did not need to. The connection between them now was so strong that it held itself in check. 

The power of feeling was overwhelming to me. It was like being on the edge of love, yet unable to fall into it. It was the most beautiful and heartrending experience I think I have ever had. I felt so much joy for these women, so much friendship and love, and to see them joined, really joined, like this gave me great joy.

Finally the crest of the wave was coming, I could feel the power of the orgasm it represented, and I think I must have simply been mesmerized by it. Like a fisherman on the shore watching as the ocean is drawn out into an immense tsunami that then comes rushing toward him.

Then it happened. They both climaxed, and the column did not shatter, but only bloomed. It filled their minds at all levels. It whipped away everything but them, and in that moment that I witnessed that complete connection and release I slipped out of their minds. It was too much to witness, too much to not be a part of, and too much to share.

I swayed on the edge of the bed as I heard two loud cries of pleasure and joy ringing out through the dark house. I was tired, but I did not feel as if I would pass out again. I think they carried a lot of the effort of the connection within their own love and desire, and that saved me a lot of energy. 

In a few moments the cries stopped, and I sat on the bed listening to the quiet house, and looking out into a hall through the cracked door. I suddenly had a massive attack of guilt and fear. Holy crap what had I done. I had just violated the minds of two of my best friends, very obviously, and without consent. I felt fear begin to rise in me.

At that moment the door to the room pushed open, and Suzan and Ellen stood there naked and flushed. They had their arms around each other, and their faces were streaked by tears. They stood naked not only in body, but in mind before each other. They stood there looking at me, and my heart fluttered with uncertainty. Then they both smiled, almost at the same moment, as if they were still one mind in two bodies. 

Then suddenly I was wrapped in the arms of these two women. They pulled me onto the bed and held me and stroked me, and I felt little tear covered kisses on my face and arms and chest. Suzan was so soft, and curvy and tall, and Ellen was muscular, and firm. They held me and stroked me, and then I heard Suzan whisper.

"Thank you Mike, oh thank you so much..." she kissed me on the mouth gently as she said this. Ellen nodded as she turned my head to face her. 

"Thank you dear friend." She said as she too kissed me. 

They traded off kissing me, and soon their tongues were exploring my mouth with each kiss. My sweat pants vanished, and their hands roamed over my body.

"Join us again Mike." Suzan whispered in my ear as Ellen's hot mouth covered mine. 

I looked out in the plane of my mind and their notes quivered and danced right in front of me. I pulled them to me and I got a great surprise. There was a tenuous thread of sound connecting them now. Like a sign wave, or a pulse of sound. It stretched between them like a filament, connecting them without my aid. I could feel a slow trickle of love and comfort flowing between them as I pulled their notes into my mind. 

As their notes snapped into me, I felt the joy and happiness they each were full to overflowing with. I could feel their love and friendship toward me, and their now smoldering passion. If I had been thinking straight I might have thought twice about what it might mean if I slept with these two women, but at the time I was lost in the embrace of two wonderful friends.

As I pulled them together with me I felt the thread of thought between them strengthen, and grow stronger. I began to strengthen that tie again, and feed their pleasurable sensations from our touching. 

"Oh yes Mike." Ellen moaned as she felt me working.

"Let us feel you too Mike." Suzan said, her eyes almost unfocused.

I began to feed them my feelings of warmth and protectiveness for both of them. My deep feelings of friendship, and maybe a few of my trepidations. All were accepted or soothed, and the outpouring of emotion from them became even greater.

I let them feel my pleasure when their hands stroked my cock, and took turns taking my swollen member into their mouths. My pleasure intensified their own, and I could feel a feedback loop building between all three of us now. 

It was not like the one that Ellen and Suzan had shared by themselves, that was rich in love and long term commitment. This band of sound seemed to consist of what we three had in common, our friendship and caring for one another. Our passion, and our fierce devotion to our friendship.

I felt pleasure blossom in my mind as Ellen's warn pussy slowly enveloped my cock. I could feel the pleasure in her, even as I shared my pleasure with them both. 

Suzan straddled my face and I buried my mouth in her dripping pussy, sucking her large swollen lips into my mouth, and flicking my tongue gently back and forth across them. Each touch, each stroke, each suck or flick of the tongue was shared between all of us. 

It is difficult to describe such pleasure. To be wrapped in complete physical and emotional joy. I could feel the girls' love for each other, but this time I was included in the celebration of each other. This time I was a partner they wished to allow into this circle of passion and wonder. I have never felt so privileged, or so touched that they shared this with me. 

Time slid out of focus for me, and I know that the girls traded off riding my cock many times. Our pleasure became so consuming that I think the concept of my pleasure, or their pleasure was lost. It became our pleasure, and our touch. 

At last the passion built to a long slow crescendo of sound. The circle that looped between us blazed with a symphony of emotions and sensations that elevated us beyond the mortal realm of passion. We transcended our mortal bodies, and soured on the wings of our union. 

When the moment of release came it was as if all the world vanished, and we became beings of spirit that emptied themselves of all worldly fears and needs. It was more than physical pleasure and release, it was emotional euphoria. In one shinning moment we were not alone, we were one being, one mind, one body, and one heart. 

As the passion receded we drifted back down to our bodies and our individual minds. I let them drift away from me and I could feel Suzan slide off me and snuggle to my side, even as Ellen held me on the other side. I became aware of the room again and my individual body, and then I felt it. 

It was like a soft gentle ringing in me, a note like the singing of a piece of crystal tapped with a finger. As I listened to it I realized it was two notes, singing in almost perfect harmony in me. In the plane of my mind I could see these slender notes stretch from me to the women beside me, and through them I could sense only the faintest of their feelings of contentment and joy. 

These threads of sound rang between us now, created a web of joy and understanding. Yet, I could feel how it was both strong and tenuous as well. I could tell it was only through my desire for it to remain that it did so, and that were I to scorn it, or harm these dear friends, that it would evaporate like mist on a hot morning. 

In a sense it was a reflection of the trust, friendship, and union we had just shared. As my mind cleared more, I realized I could focus on each of these threads and that I could get a better sense of what the other was feeling and needing the longer I listened. What this meant I didn't know, but I knew I couldn't throw this away. 

"I can feel you both in me now. I,...I don't know how or why but..." I whispered.

"I can feel you both too." Said Suzan, and I felt Ellen nod her agreement.

"Did the same thing happen with you and Tuyen?" Ellen asked.

"No, I don't think we shared enough. To be honest it never occurred to me that you could be so connected, to share so much until I watch you two together the first time tonight." I shook my head in amazement. "Frankly ladies this is new ground for me as well, so we will need to figure this out together. All I know is that I treasure this connection with you my friends, and I don't want it to stop."

I felt two bodies hug me from either side, and I could feel through those threads that they felt the same. 

We fell asleep then, and I woke to find myself alone in that awfully decorated guest room, with the morning light making the curtains glow orange. I felt remarkably well rested, and as I sat up I realized I could still feel the tenuous connection with the girls. I couldn't tell much, but they were happy. 

I found my clothes stacked on the floor next to the bed that I must have missed in the dark the night before. I got dressed and headed out into the hall and down the stairs at the end where I heard music drifting up from below. 

As I came down the stairs I had one of those moments where you finally recognize some landmark or feature of a place that orients you as to where you are. I had been to Suzan's house before, but never upstairs. As I came downstairs into the living area I recognized where I was, and headed toward where I knew the kitchen to be.

Suzan was busy over the stove, and Ellen was seated at the table looking out the large picture windows at the sun having just risen over Boulder. Both women wore sweats and their hair was messed. Still, they looked lovely to me. They both looked over as I came in, and I realized they felt my nearness even as I felt theirs. This was going to take some getting used to.

"Morning ladies." I said quietly.

"Hey Mike, are you hungry?" Suzan asked. Suddenly I realized I was famished.

"Starved!" I said now with a wolfish grin. Suzan chuckled.

"Have a seat and I'll make you some breakfast." 

I sat next to Ellen and we talked off and on as Suzan hummed her way around the kitchen. It was a little surreal for me, given the events of the night before, but somehow it still felt right. It wasn't until Suzan sat down next to me that I realized how close we were all sitting to each other, and that we seemed to almost subconsciously reach out and touch one another frequently.

It wasn't until I realized my eggs needed some salt, and Ellen reached over and handed it to me with no signal from me, that I realized how deeply we were connected. She held it out to me and I sat stunned for a moment staring at her hand, until it dawned on her what she had done. We began to grin at each other, and Suzan looked up as she felt the change in our feelings. The rest of breakfast became a game to try and see who could pick up on each others needs the quickest. 

After breakfast I went into the living room to sit on the couch with my coffee, and look out at the beautiful view. I was beginning to be troubled. I had to make it to the store today, but luckily Aaron would be coming in to open the shop this morning, and I had already left a list of things for him to do. He had been a big help last Christmas, and knew his way around the store and computer systems well. 

The things that was really bothering me were more pressing. This connection with Ellen and Suzan, and what that meant for us, and for Tuyen and Jill. Especially Jill, god I had slept with all of her best friends! What a mess. Also, I hadn't even opened the girl's minds and we had this connection. What would happen if I opened their minds. 

Then I realized that my mind had not been shielded since last night, and I kicked myself for my carelessness. I began to pull the curtain closed in my mind when I had a panic attack at the thought of cutting of my link with the girls. But as it slid closed it was as if the line of sound was a cord running seamlessly under the edge of my curtain. Even fully shielded I could feel them.

They both appeared a moment later, having felt my fear and worry. I could feel their concern as they came in and sat on either side of me. It was time to talk, and we had work to do.

"Mike you okay?" Ellen asked. I nodded at her and smiled, and my own fears eased a little at their presence. What a wonderful feeling to truly feel the emotional support of your friends.

"Yeah I am okay, I think we need to talk though." They both nodded, and Suzan spoke up.

"So Mike, now that you have ummm, opened our minds what do we do?" 

"I haven't opened your minds yet at all Suzan, this connection is something different. Something new. I am not sure how it happened or why, but I still have a lot of work to do to open your minds, and to teach you to use the gift." Both girls looked surprised, and I could feel a trickle of that emotion from each of them.

We talked for a while more, and I explained to them what I needed to do, what they would feel after, and that they would need to learn to shield themselves and throw thoughts to protect themselves. I have to admit they listened attentively, and with little fear or doubt. I guess our interaction last night, and the bond we now shared gave them unique insight into things.

I worked on Ellen first, and I found that sinking into her mind was easier then the others. Either I was getting better at it, or she was somehow more open to me. The work on removing her curtain, and adjusting the strings and pegs on the instrument of her mind took time. As I worked I could sense the thread of music pouring out of her into Suzan and I, but I couldn't pin down where it was coming from, which puzzled me. When I finished I rose slowly to the surface and released her mind.

As usual I was stunned by my fatigue, and Suzan held me gently on the couch while I recovered, and I talked Ellen through a first few exercises. I noticed the faint connection between us was a little stronger now. I showed her how to enter my mind, and we traded a few notes. I helped her with her shield, and then told her to let me do Suzan so they could both practice at once. 
