 I was awakened when one of Mistress Sienna's burly man-servants roughly ripped the covers from my body. I reached to the other side of the bed and discovered that Sarah was gone. When I tried to ask where she was I was quickly silenced.

"The slut's whereabouts are not your concern. As always she is where the Mistress wants her to be," The muscle-bound bastard barked.

I felt sick as if I had been kicked in the gut. He was telling me that the previous evening of love-making had occurred because Sienna had ordered Sarah to fuck me. My mind struggled to hold onto the belief that Sarah was in my bed making love to me because that is what she wanted and not because her Mistress had ordered her to be there. I refused to let the bitch's servant boy destroy my beautiful new relationship. 

It suddenly hit me that I was laying naked and vulnerable on the sex juice stained bed while Sienna's nasty bastard servant leered at me. I felt my body begin to shake as fear of what might be coming gripped me. I wondered if I was to be punished for having made love to Sarah. In any case I knew I was helpless to prevent Sienna's thug from doing as he pleased. He seemed to enjoy my obvious fear of him. His laugh was mocking and terrifying.

"Did you enjoy the Mistress's gift, slime ball?" He barked as he grabbed the back of my neck and pulled me up.

I was unable to reply and I doubt he cared what the answer was anyway. He was clearly just taunting me. I did not know if he was trying to provoke me to attack so that he could have the pleasure of beating me or if this was just part of the process being used to break my spirit. I did not allow my emotions to take over. I knew to survive and get away from that place I had to somehow keep control of my mind.

"Come on, get on your feet! The Mistress wants to see you and you better find your tongue. I am sure you want to properly thank our generous Lady for letting you use that slut last night," He bellowed 

I just nodded and stared at the floor as he pulled me to my feet. I was horrified at the thought of the previous night being all a lie. I wondered if it was possible that she had faked it all. Could she have been just using me? I dismissed the thought as he once again barked at me. 

"Jesus, you smell like that whore's cunt! We have to get you cleaned up. We don't want to keep the Mistress waiting."

He grabbed my arm and dragged me out into the hall. As he led me down the long corridor in a direction I did not remember going in before, a couple of people I did not recognize passed by. It seemed they took no notice of my nakedness or that I was being pulled along. Without warning he stopped and roughly shoved me into a small tiled room. There was a large tub in the middle of the grey ceramic floor. A rather plain looking middle-aged woman was pouring a bucket of steaming water into the tub. She was wearing a long black dress that reminded me of something a servant woman would wear in some Victorian era melodrama. Once again keenly aware of my nudity, I dropped my hands to cover my privates. Bruno, the name I had given the guard in my mind, laughed and slapped my ass hard.

"No need for modesty in front of Ida. The old crone's cunt is so dried up she has lost all interest in what's betwixt a man's legs. Besides she has been bathing you since you got here," he bellowed.

The poor old woman seemed to take no notice of Bruno's crude comments about her sexuality. The knot in my stomach grew harder. I was beginning to truly despise the coarse ape that seemingly held my life in his hands. 

"Come on good sir, in the tub with you," Ida said in a sweet voice which did not fit her dower expression. 

Knowing I had no choice, I climbed into the tub. The water was hot but not uncomfortably so. It actually felt good to have my body soaking in the hot water. My relaxation was cut short when Ida had me stand up. I was very embarrassed to have to stand up and raise my arms and spread my legs for Ida. Bruno's watchful eye made sure I complied with every request she made, however uncomfortable I was. For her part, Ida seemed oblivious to the awkwardness of having to bathe a full grown man like a small child. She scrubbed every inch of me with a rough cloth and what appeared to be homemade lye soap. I wondered if Ida made the soap herself. When she was satisfied I was presentable she dumped a couple of buckets of water over me and handed me a towel. In contrast to the cloth Ida had used to wash me the towel was soft and luxurious. Ida busied herself cleaning the room as Bruno led me back into the hallway.

I was surprised we were not heading back to my room. Surely I was not to be paraded naked through the entire house. I kept my concern to myself, deciding it was best not to question Bruno as his answers tended to be painful. He led me down a narrow staircase and then along another long corridor. We came to a set of ornate double doors. Bruno knocked softly and the right side door swung open. Mistress Sienna's butler asked me to come in. To my surprise Bruno remained outside the room. The butler was an older man who I surely could have overpowered. However, I quickly realized that were I to do anything like that Bruno would have been in the room instantly. 

The room was a den or library of sorts. The walls were paneled in a rich mahogany. Two walls had floor to ceiling shelves filled with leather bound books. The furniture was heavy and dark. A massive stone hearth filled a third wall. The crackle of the blazing fire was the only sound in the room. On the forth wall the damask draperies were opened slightly allowing a beam of sunlight to fall on the intricate design of the oriental carpet. The butler stood silently as I looked around contemplating why I was brought to that room.

A small almost unseen door seemed to appear from nowhere next to the drapery covered window. The sunlight streaming in the opening was almost blinding. All I could make out were a few of the flagstones that obviously were part of a patio outside the door. The light was partially blocked by a dark figure as Lady Sienna stepped into the room. She wore a long flowing dressing gown that was actually multiple layers of satin and sheer silk. The purple fabric shimmered in the sunlight. Just as the door closed, I saw a glint of a sparkle from the large diamond she wore on her ear.

"Ah, you have arrived. That will be all, Harold," She said as if I was some business associate she was expecting.

As the butler left I caught sight of Bruno standing at attention outside the door. I didn't really need confirmation that attempting to harm Sienna would be foolish, but knowing he was outside at the ready definitely discouraged even the remotest thoughts of attacking my hostess. As she moved toward me, I had the illusion she was actually gliding across the floor. I was no longer concerned with my nakedness. If she wanted me exposed and vulnerable so be it. I would be anything she wanted while I studied her and the house until I found a way to end the nightmare. I watched her carefully as she moved slowly toward me looking for some indication of her mood.

"I trust you enjoyed yourself last evening?" She asked in a tone that seemed to indicate she actually cared for my happiness.

Not knowing exactly what part of the evening she was referring to, I chose to make my answer casual and polite, "Yes ma'am, the evening was very pleasant and enjoyable."

She laughed softly as she stood right in front of me. I did not get the joke and was becoming increasingly convinced that Sienna was quite mad. 

"Well it seems our little Sarah enjoyed serving you. I do not recall any of the other men we have given her to that gave her that much pleasure. I knew you two would be well matched," She said with a rather evil looking grin, "Please spread your legs."

Almost involuntarily I moved my feet about a yard apart. I realized I complied with Sienna's request not only to appear subservient, but also because there was something that made me want to do as she asked. She had some strange power I did not understand. I was beginning to worry that she might actually be gaining control of me. I stood motionless as she walked around me as if inspecting a prized show bull. I remembered Sarah's story of her inspection and wondered just how thoroughly I would be inspected. Her silky gown brushed my ass as she came around my side and back in front of me. In spite of myself I was starting to enjoy her looking at my naked body. I even thought I heard her make a sound that indicated she liked what she saw.

She stood in front of me inches from my face and spoke sternly, "Place your hands on your head, please."

It seemed Sienna was always polite even when giving orders. Although I was a bit concerned to make myself more vulnerable, I quickly complied with her request. Again her eyes roamed over my body. I felt warm tingling in my flesh. I was actually becoming aroused by the attention she was giving me. Was this part of her method of breaking me? I was very confused and to make it worse I realized my cock was betraying my arousal. I was semi-erect with no way to hide my condition. She withdrew a riding crop from somewhere in the folds of her gown. I cringed at the thought of her striking me with the stiff leather wrapped stick. To my surprise she laid the crop on the inside of my thigh and moved it slowly up my leg until it was nestled under my balls. She gently raised my balls up and then used the crop to move my cock around. I suppose only her female guest were inspected by hand. When she had had a thorough look at my now rapidly growing penis, she moved the crop up along my abdomen to my chest. The feel of the leather running through my chest hair was oddly erotic. She finished the inspection by softly poking my underarms with the tool. As quickly as it appeared the crop disappeared back into her gown. 

She walked to her desk and rang a small bell. Harold appeared almost instantly. He brought me the exquisite robe I had been given the day before. I slipped the robe on and was invited to join Lady Sienna in the garden. We stepped into the sunshine. Though it was still early spring, the day was quite warm. It felt good to be outside. Far to the left I could see the elaborate gardens I had seen from my balcony and the glass conservatory we had had desert in the previous evening. But what really attracted my eye was the expanse of lawn outside Sienna's little patio and the woods beyond. I imagined myself dashing across the grass and making my escape into the forest. Since none of my hostess' servants were anywhere in sight, I felt certain I could make it to the woods and equally certain that the woods would provide sufficient cover for an escape. However, I had no idea in what direction to go once in the woods and might easily die lost in the wilderness. But there was something more powerful keeping me from running. I thought of Sarah. I had come to believe that I was her only hope of escaping and I also was falling in love with her. The rational part of my mind knew that perhaps that too was part of Sienna's plan to control me, but I did not care.

I obediently followed Sienna across the patio and through the formal garden to a door that lay beyond the conservatory. The door was guarded and as soon as the guard saw Sienna he came to attention.

"Have our other guests arrived?" Sienna asked the smartly uniformed guard.

He indicated that everyone was present and opened the door for us. I followed Sienna down a rather narrow stone stairway. At the bottom of the stairway was another guarded door. The door was made of oak and looked very heavy. Fear was growing in me to the point that I could feel my body tremble slightly. Even without looking at me it seemed Sienna could sense my apprehension. 

"You have nothing to fear beyond this door, Mr. Miller. We are having a gathering in your honor. I wanted you to meet some of the other guests in our home and to see some of the entertainment we offer," she said as the guard opened the heavy oak door.

She led me into a room that was surprisingly bright considering it was clearly underground and the only source of illumination were wall torches. The walls and floor were made of large rough hewn stones. I had the feeling of being in a vast cavern or ancient dungeon. But the furnishings did not fit the picture of any dungeon or cave I had seen in the movies. There were several large plush velvet covered sofas. On the sofas were eight men all wearing robes similar to the one I wore. She took me around to each man and introduced me to the six I had not met before. The last two men we greeted were known to me from the previous evening's dinner. Each of the men held a silver goblet and a servant brought Sienna and I the similar goblets. She raised her goblet to make a toast.

"To the newest member of our household and the pleasures of the day!" She said in what seemed to be a most jovial tone for such a somber group.

The men all responded with something that sounded like, here here, and drank from their goblets. It was as if a veil had suddenly been lifted. The men came to life and seemed to be excited. I soon found out what they were excited about. I was told to take a seat on one of the sofas as a door on the far wall opened. Three women were led into the room. They were naked. Sarah was in the middle of two women I had not met before. I was struck by the fact that the other two women were as pale as Sarah and all three were completely hairless below the neck. I wanted to go to Sarah and snatch her away from the guard that had led the women into the room. I caught a look in her eye that I took to be a warning and then the look turned to shame as the guard ran his hands over her breasts as the other men in the room shouted their approval. The man next to me was leering at the beautiful naked women. Then Sienna made a signal and the three women were brought over to the sofa area. In what I am sure was not a coincidence, Sarah ended up standing exposed in front of the man next to me. I saw Sienna take a seat where she could watch the entire room. 

Foolishly, I turned to question Sienna, "Please, dear Lady, what is this all about?"

"It is about pleasure, Mr. Miller. These ladies are here to give pleasure to the men of the household as a way of celebrating your joining us. You would do well not to question us. You may find our patience and hospitality only go so far!"

I felt sick as the man next to me opened his robe and exposed his large hard hairy cock. Without a word, Sarah dropped to her knees between his legs and began to fondle his balls. 

"Come on suck it, Sarah! You know how I like it," He commanded as he pulled her face toward his furry crotch.

I screamed, "Noooooooooooooooooooooooo!" and pulled his hands from her head.

Sarah turned and looked at me. Her eyes seemed to be begging me not to interfere. 

"Please, George, this is what our Mistress wants. It is my pleasure to serve her guests," She said in the most submissive tone I had ever heard.

I refused to listen and continued to fight the man to keep him away from my Sarah. For his part the man just looked confused. Clearly no one had ever interfered with his blow jobs before. He really didn't know how to act. He also didn't need to. The guard grabbed me and threw me to the floor. I landed hard on my right arm. The searing pain made me fear it was broken. The guard stood over me leering almost lustfully. It was clearly a lust born out of his joy of inflicting pain.

"Stop!" Lady Sienna barked as the guard pounced on my already broken body. "It seems Mr. Miller does not understand how things are. I suppose We were mistaken in thinking you were ready to be at one of our parties. Please take Mr. Miller back to his room."

The guard got off me and pulled me to my feet. Fortunately he yanked the non-injured arm. As he led me off, I saw Sarah enthusiastically slide her lips down the big hairy cock. I could not stop the tears from flowing as I was practically dragged from the room. I was left alone in my room to contemplate what was happening. I had no idea if Sarah had any feelings for me at all, or if she was just a broken woman that would whore herself in anyway Lady Sienna demanded. I knew I loved Sarah and nothing I had seen had diminished my desire to take her away from Sienna's mad house. The pain in my arm did not subside and I was convinced it was broken. Knowing I would be permanently maimed if something wasn't done soon, I began to scream for help. I screamed until I was so exhausted I passed out. I awoke when Ida gently poked me while trying to get my robe off.

"Come on good Sir, I know it is difficult, but I can not help you if we don't get this robe. off."

Once again I was being cared for like a child by the kindly maid. I sat up despite the pain and she very carefully freed my mangled arm from the sweat and blood stained fabric. The once exquisite robe was ruined. I wondered if I would be punished for that too. Ida's gentle touch helped to ease the pain some but still tears flowed from eyes. She rubbed something on my aching arm and the pain eased significantly. 

"There now, that should be better, Sir. My mother taught me the old ways. I am afraid though that this next bit will still be very painful," Ida said in a kind, almost grandmotherly tone.

Then she whistled and Bruno came into the room. I automatically cringed. I wondered if this some sick joke; was she being kind only to have the hairy bastard unleash some new horrible torture on me?

"Relax, Sir, he is just here to help me realign the bone," Ida reassured me.

I realized there was no menace in Bruno's look. In fact in some odd way he actually looked concerned. Then he spoke and I was reminded what a course and evil person her was.

"Do exactly what the old cunt tells you, scum. We don't want this to hurt anymore than it has to. The Mistress wants you fixed, though you really should be feed to the dogs after the way you disrespected her and the other guests yesterday!" He bellowed. 

My head was spinning. Yesterday, how could I have slept so long with the pain of the arm? Ida spoke softly, telling me that I had to relax while the brute pulled my arm. I knew after so much time had passed that the pain would likely be the worse thing I had ever experienced. I also knew it was my only chance of avoiding being permanently crippled. Ida stuck something in my mouth and instructed me to bite down as Bruno took my arm in hand. She guided him as he pulled hard on my useless limb. Despite my clinched teeth, were the walls not so thick I am certain they could have heard my screams miles away. Then suddenly my arm popped into place and the pain was almost gone. Bruno let go and left the room. Obviously what I thought was a fracture was actually a dislocated elbow.

Ida did fashion a crude cast out of some rags she had soaking in some sort of solution. It seemed that perhaps I might have the use of my arm again. Though at that point I wasn't sure I really cared. In fact I was contemplating finding a way to anger my captors into killing me. Without Sarah to be my love, I knew I could not long endure my captivity without going mad. I had no intention of becoming like Sarah and happily doing the bidding of our depraved, insane hostess. Ida finished with me by cleaning up the minor cuts and scrapes I had on my body. She told me that a new robe would be brought to me as soon as the Mistress deemed that I could leave the room again. She instructed me to drink the cup of tea she had left on my nightstand, telling me it had some herbs in it that would lessen my discomfort. I began to sip the warm liquid as Ida left the room. If they wanted me drugged, I had no intention of fighting that desire. 

Once again I was left alone, naked, locked in my room. I got up and selected a leather bound volume from the shelves. I needed to lose myself in a story for a time. I needed to stop thinking. The room was warm so I set uncovered in the comfy easy chair as I read the words Chaucer had penned and was transported to a world of chivalrous knights and their ladies.
