 "We've captured a gift for you, my Lady," said one of Lady Darsha's court guards. It was coming up on the darkest hour of the evening, as evidenced by her sullen court and the grand water clock that stood at the rear of the grand hall.

She regarded his helmed head, he had lips like two juicy leeches and sun darkened skin. Lady Darsha smiled at him. "Where would I find this gift?" He was half a head taller than she, and knew well enough to lower himself while speaking to her.

"She is in the central dungeon chamber, hanging in chains by the wrists and ankles."

"This one must be very special for you to put her there," she muttered as she ran her hands down her tight black silken dress. The front of the garment was open, exposing the inner halves of her breasts, her navel and plunging further down to a point just above her pleasure mound. Her white skin was ghostly under the lamplight, the slitted sides of the dress joined high on the thigh, granting anyone who looked a generous view.

The back of it was kept together by laces, coming to a closing point at the very top of her bottom. She was slim, with dainty features and the high pointed ears of the high elves. Her lineage was mostly high elf, but somewhere along her ancestral line one of her ancestors had planted his seed in a northern faerie, as evidenced by her pale red irises.

She also preferred the night to day, holding court as the sun set. Lady Darsha was minor royalty, but her legendary wealth attracted courtesans from half way around the world. They dressed in dark, revealing outfits, were beautiful and pale for the most part and despite the dire, dramatic appearance of the tall main gallery with its high backed silver gilded throne and grand doors. Most of the ongoing discussions concerned gossip, commerce and trade.

There was a circle of granite set near the head of the grand hall. It was inlaid with rubies and emeralds, embellished with silver and gold. Duels took place there, scores were settled with fire and blood right at the foot of her dais. The audience chamber rivalled the halls of most Kings, boasting night blooming flowers, artefacts from around the world, marble tiled floors, deep comfortable furniture and fine sheer curtains sectioning off several corners for matters that were to be conducted privately.

One entire wall was iron shuttered, and even on a rainy night like that one they had been swung open to allow the precipitation cooled air to gust at the guests. She looked at the few dozen guests sparsely dispersed throughout the hall and shrugged. "It is a poor evening for entertaining. The rain keeps some away while others are arranging their spring shipments. I think I'll have some fun with your gift, send for my son and see that he joins me."

"Yes my Lady,"

Her gait was smooth, graceful and her white gold and pearl jewellery barely jingled as she took a small door behind her throne. Once the passage closed behind her she pressed a tiny, secret button and passed through a narrow stone door. The hidden stair led straight to the dungeons and once she reached the bottom she presented a fine steel key from a pocket hidden in her sleeve.

The door unlocked with customary ease and closed behind her. The upper dungeons in Westwell Keep were kept as clean as the throne room. Beneath her feet she knew there were dark places, layer upon layer of tunnels, chambers and many, many cells. Her debtors, enemies and pets dwelt there as well as other things, uncountable, unimaginable beings that had been left to breed or burrow.

The lower reaches of the tunnels were older than the city itself in some places and some even said that there was a secret treasure, long forgotten, guarded by an unknown darkness. The thought of it and its guardian gave her a chill and a little smile. Her long white hair tickled the small of her back, adding to the sensation.

Lady Darsha tried not to get her hopes up, capturing someone in her two hundred and eighty four room castle wasn't rare. The poor and desperate often made attempts to snatch some of her belongings, it was the price of being in the middle of the West District of Errinol, a massive port city, and ports brought the best and worst sort of people to civilization.

For one of her private guards to offer their capture as a gift, well, that was different, that was rare. It was difficult not to get her hopes up. In the dark, broad stone corridor she was joined by two guardsmen who didn't see where she came from, but flanked her as soon as she came into sight. Their plate and chain armour chinked as they walked, a sound that could not be grand or loud enough as far as she was concerned.

"Her things have been placed on a side table, my Lady."

"Good, has she told you anything about herself?"

"Nay, we didn't want to press her for information until you arrived."

"Where was she captured?"

"In the Vale Tower, she had come through Nyria's window."

"Pardon me?" Lady Dasha stopped and looked at the guardsman. "Cliff side or keep side?"

"Cliff side."

"That's ninety yards of sheer climbing. You must be mistaken, this one must have some magic."

"Maestro Lokun took a vision from the wall and says the young woman may have some magical gifts that aren't easy to discern, but she certainly made the entire climb with only her bare hands and feet."

"In the rain?"

"She is a master of her own body, very toned and light."

"I must see this creature," Lady Darsha smiled, taking up a faster tread to the central chamber of the dungeon.

Before long she arrived in the large, circular torture chamber. Chains and shackles hung from a pulley system that ran along the walls and vaulted ceiling. Hooks and racks made to stretch, pierce and slowly crush lined the walls along with standing closets of tools.

The glow of three furnaces set into the walls added to the dim candle light. Each of the glowing coal mouths hung open, ready with pokers, clamps, needles, tongs and a variety of other implements resting in their maws like pointed needle teeth.

In the centre of the darkened chamber hung a small, writhing creature, her hands held up over her head by the black shackles. Her ankles were also clapped in irons, chains led up into the dark vaulted stone ceiling.

She was slim but not bony. Her shapely legs led up to nicely curved hips, a narrow waist, her breasts would make for a wonderful handful or delicious mouthful and were tipped by tight little pink nipples. There was strength in her arms, her shoulders, and she wore a mane of long curly red hair that ran down to the middle of her back where it danced as she struggled with her restraints.

"How was she caught?" Lady Darsha asked in a whisper, recognizing the form of a very capable young woman.

"Sleep trap on the window sill, her momentum carried her into the chambers of High Priestess Nyria."

"Leave me with her, I want to be alone with her until my son arrives."

"Yes my Lady, it is our pleasure to serve," the guardsman said as he and his companion turned and left. The eight guardsmen in the chamber filed out in perfect order as well, closing the heavy iron braced door behind them.

The red haired young woman managed to crane her neck so she faced Lady Darsha. Their eyes met wordlessly and as the Lady stared into the dark green eyes of the young woman she began to smile. "Welcome to my home," she purred, walking slowly towards the table where the prisoner's personal effects had been deposited; a sideboard table with cabinet doors built in beneath.

"Is this how you treat all your visitors?"

"I've had courtesans pay for the forbidden experiences we'll share tonight. Some of them had to beg until their hands and knees were scuffed and bloodied. My attentions are a rare gift."

"I've met wanker money changers who've used torture, this isn't something new, it's just more expensive," scoffed the petite red haired creature.

"By the time I'm finished with you your body will ache for my attentions," Lady Darsha chuckled. She ran her hands over the sword belt and boots on the table, touched the long sleeved silk tunic and leggings. "Did you come here to kill someone? Perhaps take the heart of the greatest healer in all of Tharia?"

"Why would I want to kill her?"

"Ah, too easy. An answer already. Let's go on then; why did you come to my home? What was your purpose here"

Her captive closed her mouth, pressing her lips together in defiance.

Lady Darsha crossed the twelve yards from the wall to the centre of the room and waved a finger. Her subject turned on her chains at her command, so her shapely back, legs and round buttocks faced her. With another twitch of her finger the chains lowered just slightly so the shorter woman was at head level.

She reached out and gently took a handful of the red locks, brought them to her nose and took a deep whiff. "Just a hint of vanilla, how sad. You're really just a young woman looking for a nice, strong fellow to fill your dreams and your cunnie. Not well versed in magic either; enchanted Tonka bean oil would be so much better, so much more effective."

"I've been looking for the village witch, too bad she's also the village bi-"

Lady Darsha interrupted the girl with a wildly hard slap on the buttocks. The sound reverberated in the massive chamber, absolute silence followed it. "You'll be kind to your hostess if not forthcoming," Lady Darsha said calmly.

A perfect outline of her slender hand was already rising in angry red on one of the young woman's buttocks. Lady Darsha traced the curves of the woman's back with her long nails, running her fingers all the way down to he bottom and spreading her palm over the soft flesh there. "You're magnificent," she whispered, turning her so she could examine her captive's front side.

Her long nails reached out to caress her high cheeks. Looking into that stormy, defiant expression was enough to set her head spinning, drinking in the strength and boldness the red haired prisoner exuded was akin to drawing on a skin of thick, sickly sweet fermented nectar. The young woman flinched away just as the long fingernails were about to touch her face, she swung slightly on her chains.

"What is your name?" Lady Darsha asked as she traced her fingers down the woman's chest, between her pert breasts, further to her shapely belly, stopping just above her soft pubic mound. It was decorated with the finest, softest red hair, and the folds of her tender mound hid her nether lips away from sight.

She looked back into those lively, resistant green eyes. "There's no use holding back. No one is coming to your rescue, even a royal command would not change how I'll use you tonight. Friends, no matter how talented they may be, will not be able to sneak or fight their way in to rescue you. I employ an army of magicians and soldiers who will defend this castle to their dying breath and beyond."

"If I got past them, almost reached your most profitable healer, then my friends can get past."

"So you were after Nyria? What for if not to end her life and injure me?" Lady Darsha's hand wandered up to the woman's thick hair and pulled it aside so she could see her ear. It was flourished and pointed, like that of a wood elf on the bottom with delicate sensitive shapes that were more detailed than a humans, and gracefully pointed upwards at the top.

Her captive flinched away, realizing that Lady Darsha was learning too much about her just from her simple examinations. "You kidnapped her, sell her essence and charge for her healing services they say, but I wanted to see for myself, to discredit the lie."

"Ah, so people would stop going to the Vale tower whenever they required a healer. My people are very talented, some of them even gifted."

"Slaves!"

"Yes! Imported from every corner of three realms! It took decades to collect such a number, to educate them, prove that life in the tower is safer, more pleasurable than anywhere else for them."

"They're still slaves, no matter how you provide for them and-" the captive stopped mid sentence, grinding her teeth shut.

Lady Darsha's hand shot up and clasped the girl's jaw in a painfully tight grip; "Tell me."

The girl stared at her, keeping her mouth closed and her secret shut away.

The Lady stared at her for a long moment then released her. "Have it your way. I will enjoy myself regardless," she smiled as her fingernails traced down the trunk of the young woman's body, pressing hard enough to leave four thin red lines in their wake. When their passage was done Lady Darsha retracted them. The nails were a normal length then and her hands became the prisoner's assailants, massaging her belly deeply, moving up her waist, over her ribs, underarms, then back down to knead her pert breasts. "Oh if only I could make you my plaything just as you are." she crushed the pert breasts filling her hands, pink nipples escaped between her forefingers and thumbs.

She captured one in her mouth savagely, drawing on it and stretching it until it popped out. To her surprise her captive gasped and moaned. "The rumours are only half true. I have captured one of the Faerie Folk Pure Breeds, only Nyria is a Midland Nymph. The nectar and milk we sell to only the most well monied are of her making, though it took some enchantment on my part." She loosened her grasp on the woman's breasts. "Tell me your name." She plucked a hard, pink nipple into her mouth and nibbled on it. Her subject writhed, closing her eyes. She released the pink tip and repeated; "tell me."

The defiant red haired creature shook her head, not opening her eyes.

"Very well," Lady Darsha announced as she stalked off towards one of the furnaces. A moment later she returned with a small pair of articulated tongs and a cup with something steaming inside. The end was white hot and in its delicate but firm grip was a nearly complete ring.

The captive struggled anew, breathing heavily near panic and trying to swing away from her captor.

"Be still." Lady Darsha held up her free hand and her prey was frozen in mid air, only her head was free to move. "Your name and I'll leave you unpierced," she reached into the steel cup with the tongs, captured something in the pincers and brought it out so her captive could see. It was a small red hot ring.

"Mia," she replied, eyeing the white hot loop.

"You see? That wasn't so hard. Now tell me the hidden part of your plan."

Mia's expression hardened again, the fear in her eyes couldn't be hidden but it was plain that she wasn't ready to say any more.

"Last chance, what else is transpiring?" Lady Darsha pressed, holding the little ring up, inches away from Mia's face.

She shied away as much as the spell holding her would allow. Her green eyes went wide as Lady Darsha's practised hand guided the open ring towards one of her nipples. Her free hand pinched and pulled the delicate pink tip until it was painfully hard. She squeezed around it, forcing it to stand out even more.

Mia bit her lip and looked on, breathing through her nose heavily at the expectation of pain. A little hiss filled her ears as the end of the sharp ring touched her delicate flesh.

She stifled a scream, a tear rolled down her cheek as it passed into her nipple and slowly threaded through. Mia could smell her burnt flesh, shocks ran through her body as nerves were set alight with terribly intense sensations. She would have twitched in agony, but the magical grip held fast and as she looked on Lady Darsha blew on the searing little ring before it laid flat, it cooled as though quenched and sealed itself, gleaming silver in the shifting light of the grand torture chamber. Her skin healed around it as well, leaving only a phantom stinging.

Lady Darsha put the small tongs on the floor at her feet and played with the new fixture, tipping it up with her finger, making sure it would swing freely. She gently flipped it up and down, introducing entirely new sensations Mia found very difficult not to enjoy. It had been months since she'd had any sort of physical attention and she secretly ached for it, though a dark dungeon was not where she'd prefer to enjoy herself. "Answer one question and I'll reward you,"

Mia inwardly braced herself, knowing that her refusal would bring pain. "I cannot," she whispered.

Lady Darsha pulled the ring firmly, twisting it slightly.

Mia gasped, surprised at the sudden pain and pleasure gained at the manipulation.

"Such pleasures, we're only beginning," Lady Darsha muttered as she drew the upper half of her dress aside enough so Mia could see that her dark nipple had been pierced through the tip and all around several times with rings that joined to each other.

She scooped the tongs up from the bricks and expertly retrieved another ring from the cup. It looked huge compared to the last, wider, thicker. "This vessel keeps metal very hot once it's been in the furnace, where shall I put the next ring then?"

Mia watched that glowing hot ring wide eyed as her tormentor brought it to hover over her chest, her belly, her face. 

"How many others are with you? What are they after?" Lady Darsha waited long moments, looking into her captive's eyes. Her attention turned to her belly then, pinched the top of her belly button and slowly burned the thick ring through the bundled flesh.

Mia screamed at the sensation of the blunt loop burning into her belly, slowly, agonizingly searing its way in towards the other side. She ran out of breath and whimpered as it continued to burn until it cauterized all the way to the inner skin of her belly button and emerged.

Lady Darsha held it there, the red hot loop continued to burn. Mia's head thrashed as it was pressed inward slightly, cauterizing inside and enlarging the hole just slightly. The ring felt like it was an inch thick, though she knew it was a mentally conjured exaggeration.

The pain finally ended as the Lady blew on the ring, cooling it and healing her new orifice. The tongs hit the floor again, and Mia fought to catch her breath, covered in sweat, chafing at the wrists and ankles.

Her captor flicked and played with both her new rings. "I can't wait to see what you look like with a pound of silver rings decorating your pretty flesh. I promise you'll never want them out once we've finished our play. I'll have to make every second of it hurt more than the last unless you tell me what I need to know, sadly. Perhaps I'll start here and work my way down." Lady Darsha said as she traced her hand from her neck all the way down to the soft red triangle between her legs.

The blood drained from Mia's face, and returned moments later as Lady Darsha leaned forward and flicked her nipple and the ring dangling from its end rapidly, again sending shocks of pleasure through her. She was still over sensitive, some pain came with any pleasure derived from her new piercings. Mia had no idea people pierced their nipples, or that it came with such strange benefits. She gasped and held her breath as the Lady gripped the nipple ring with her teeth and tugged on it just a little, sending shocks of sensation from her breast across her body with every twitch.

The new metal was pulled out even further, it felt as though the stretching was almost over, and the thing was about to come out when Lady Darsha demanded; "Are you alone here?"

Mia squeezed her eyes shut and bit her bottom lip, expecting the worst. She wouldn't speak, especially about that.

Lady Darsha let the ring go and was on her other, untouched nipple in the next instant, nibbling, sucking, flicking the slightly puffed, pointed flesh with voracious appetite. Her breast was sucked into the woman's mouth, stroked by her tongue several times before she pulled her face away. "Glory you're delicious, shall we make this one match the other or move on to other adventures?"
