 It had been four weeks since I had had recognition with Bryan and he was now living with me, at twenty this meant only giving up his own place and facing down the few friends foolish enough to say a word against me to him. For me it was a lot of changes and while I adored him there were a few changes I was simply going to have not make if I want to survive comfortably and as time went on Bryan's survival would depend on them as well. The question was how to explain this to him.

I sat on the couch wearing a sheer black babydoll nightie, I had learned centuries before to take every advantage when planning an attack, and my alabaster belly peeked out of the opening. "Sida I don't understand why you want to do this, aren't I enough for you? You say you love me why do you want another man?" The pain in Bryan's voice cuts through me, somehow I have to make him understand this was not affection but survival, nothing more then a very enjoyable lunch for me that just happened to scratch a mental itch.

"My love, I have never cared for a man, for a human before you, and I do not wish to cause you pain but I must get more energy then I can just by taking life breaths. To keep from killing anyone or making it too obvious I have not been able to take much from any one man, and I have had to use energy to connect with them. And there is my other needs." I looked up at him and offered my hand.

My beautiful young man, I knew that as long as he was with me and that could be forever, he would look very much like he does now, ageing only a little, always a young god of a man. He came to me and as I had known he would when I had sat and placed the babydoll just so over my belly kneeled before me and laid his head on my large round belly. I stroked his golden hair, had I ever done this with anyone else? Usually if my fingers were in a man's hair they were pulling, yanking, demanding he look at me as I take a little more of his life force from him.

"Bryan you say you know what I am, a 'Dark Woman' do you really know what that is? There are thirteen of us, we were born from the mating of a powerful Earth goddess and powerful lord of the Incubus. He seduced her and she tricked him, she punished him worse then he could imagine. Do you know what she did to him to make him suffer for eternity?" I could feel his head shake against my belly. "She gave him a teeny piece of a soul, and then she made him fall in love with her, then she spurned him and nothing he could do would get her back because you can only seduce a goddess once through trickery. To this day he suffers and she eludes him, and he takes his torment out on humans and then he suffers more cause that little bit of soul came along with guilt."

"The reason I tell you this is that while it is my goddess nature that allows me to love you I am also part succubus and that part of me is not nice, that part is driven to dominate, to subjugate sexually my partners. You are the only person I have ever wanted as an equal, I can not bring myself to harm you cause I know you do not like it." He had parted my gown and wrapped his arms around me and now rose up so he was looking me in the eyes.

"No I wouldn't like it, I don't want to be a sub, I admit I don't fantasize like that, but you already know that, you know so much about me. Sida, will I ever know you like you know me?" He asked then kissed me with a strong passion. Bryan's strength and the fact I could not enchant him aroused me, never before had such a thing happen with a man, before strength was something to break but it also made me want to find someone else to dominate.

"What I do see in you Bryan is that you still have incubus blood as well as the blood of the goddess, and I can tell your father was a powerful man. You have desires much like mine if you would let them go free. Can you honestly say you have no desire to see me dominate a man, or perhaps even a woman? Oh yes I can take sex energy from a woman though not as much or as easily. Look deep in your self Bryan, imagine you and me after I have dominated a man or you have helped me dominate a woman."

His arms were around me and he was holding me close while the slightest tremor went thought his body. "So who do you want to dominate first? I have a suggestion." he said.

I took his face and gave him a kiss to reach his soul, not steal any of, just touch it, now that we were recognized his soul was safe from me. "Who?" I asked breathlessly.

"My friend Kevin, you met him that first day and you took his breath once. Remember you told me you were pissed at him so you didn't make a connection to enchant him you just sort of grabbed him and kissed him at my apartment while we were packing? Well he has asked about you since then and I know he has never been dominated but, well I once saw all these magazines in his drawer in his apartment, and lets just say he at least fantasizes about it. I don't know maybe I am a freak but the idea of you dominating that little smart mouth and knowing he likes it no matter what he says, I admit that it turns me on. Only one thing, I don't want you to enchant him, I want him fully involved for this. It is just he never comes right out and says anything but he makes little jabs about you here and there and I want to make him pay."

I pulled Bryan into a standing position and began to unbutton his cutoffs, I could feel his thickness pushing against the fly making it hard to get it open and I nearly ripped the metal buttons undone but I had already ruined a few of Bryan's shirts this month and two zippers. As the last button came undone his cock sprang free and I reached for it, I loved the way it looked, long and golden against my pale hand and red nails. I licked my lips and enjoyed the feel of his strong hands as he stroked my hair, I flicked out my tongue to get a drop of pre-cum that had formed on the head.

I swirled my tongue around the swollen glistening head as if it were the finest ice cream cone in the world then opened my mouth and took six of his eight inches deep in my mouth while wrapping my hand around the base. I slid my mouth up and down his cock whipping my tongue along the bottom vein like a snakes and when I would get to the head I would create a great deal of suction then start down again. Finally after doing this a long time I moved my hand from the base and pushed farther downward on his cock until it slid into my throat.

Bryan's hands were tangled in my red hair and I was allowing him to fuck my face, something I would have killed another man for, but with him I enjoyed the sensation of his cock slamming into my mouth. One of my hands was clasping his balls and massaging them while other was grasping his thigh ass cheeks, digging my nails in to the taunt flesh. His words of adoration poured down over me and covered me like a blanket and though I had once been worshiped as a goddess in the forests of Europe before the invasion of the cross had driven the pagans out his words meant more to me then any litany of praises.

I wanted his cum, I wanted to taste the salty sweet musky taste of it and since we had recognized one another he was safe from me, I could take his cum without taking part of his life energy with it. Since he had begun to suckle my life milk he now had more staying power then could be imagined and to make him come I had to force the issue.

I reached between my legs as I continued to suck and got my finger wet with my own juices then brought it up to his ass, I began to tease his asshole and his strokes in my mouth sped up. I lightly and slowly began to push my finger into his hole, something I had taught him to love the feel of, twisting my finger in till I felt what I wanted I began to stroke in and out with the speed of his thrusting. I felt his ass clench around my invading finger and his balls tighten as he pulled my face all the way down on his cock, the spasms started and I pulled back my head so that it would not all be wasted strait down my throat. I wanted to taste it on my greedy tongue so I kept the head in my mouth and savored the feel of it pumping in my mouth, squirt after squirt filled my mouth as I swallowed trying to keep up.

That was the other effect my milk had had on Bryan, he now came in large qualities and could many times a day. Of course being the great grandchild of a sex demon never hurt him at all.

By the way if you are wondering how closely Bryan and I are related, when I say that his great grand father is my father, you must understand, Bryan is nearly 100% human and that I am not at all. The lines of biology do not play where I am concerned. My 'Mother' did not give birth to me or my twelve 'sisters' we were more in the way of an idea. On the full moon for one year after she was seduced she wept about her seduction, and personally I think she wept because she could not admit how much she enjoyed it, and from those tears came fully grown a woman, each of us totally different from the other, representing the different people of the world. I represented the celts those with red hair and pale skin with green eyes and was born on the third full moon. Bryan's grand mother represented the Norse the golden pale ones and was born on the sixth moon. What our 'father' gave us was not genetic material but essence, a mentality, you have to understand that 'mother' could have created us by herself but was so wrapped up in her seduction she put the bit of our father she stole to make room for that bit of soul into us. When we decide to have a child with our recognized it involves a great deal of magic since we must take a large piece of our essence and use it in place of genetic material so the child is half human and half powerful magic. I don't know if Bryan realizes it but his mother must be a powerful witch cause a halfling must also use magic to get a child.

Bryan and I went to bed and lay there making our plans for his little friend and decided that tomorrow would be perfect.



Bryan invited Kevin over to watch a football game on my large screen TV, oh in case you are wondering where my money comes from consider this, I can seduce anyone, including people with great insider info who never know they gave it to me not to mention just plain being able to gamble by reading basic thoughts, money is easy. So cocky little Kevin comes over and makes the usual comments about asking where 'the little woman' is, Bryan has been warned to keep his temper so he just tells him I am in our room.


As usual Kevin brings the conversation around to me, not knowing I can hear every word he says. "Bryan I don't get it, I mean don't get mad, but what do you see in Sida? I can see enjoying being a kept man this is a great place and you say she is teaching you more about computers then you learned at school but what do you see in her?"

Bryan looked at him and said "Dude you don't get it till you have been with a powerful woman, Sida is amazing, the things she can do, knowing she is as strong as me it is amazing." He was playing to what we were sure was Kevin fantasies from the amazon domination magazines Bryan had found at Kevin's. Of course a little enchantment and this would be so much easier but Bryan wanted to do this the hard way, he wanted to mess with Kevin's head for all the little digs about me. "She has so many tricks that just bring you to your knees and keep you there man it is not funny, she has me begging in no time. I guess I am just a sex slave to her." Bryan laughed. He later told me that he expected a smart assed comment from Kevin but he just laughed to and squirmed in his seat.

About this time I did one of my few bits of magic for the night, I sent a signal to Kevin to go to the bathroom, he headed down the hall and saw our door was open and as he passed he could see nothing but as he came back from the bathroom he got an eyeful.

I stood in front of the three-way mirror in knee high black boots that lace up the front and had a sturdy three inch heel on them making me an inch taller then Bryan's six foot three. I had my hair in a braid and a black lace thong on but the thing I was sure was drawing all of Kevin's attention was the black leather corset I was tightening myself into. I stood there with my back arched my full breasts pointed outward as they were lifted up by the corset and I pulled and tugged at the laces tightening it up and making my already hourglass figure more noticeable. I was also pretty sure that Kevin could not help but notice that sitting on the ottoman beside me was a collection of paddles and restraints. I could sense that he was hard as a rock and just as he reached to rub himself through his pants I sent a mental signal to Bryan who had snuck up behind Kevin.

"What the hell do you think you are do you little shit? Looking at my girlfriend and touching yourself, are you some kind of fucking pervert?" Bryan shoved Kevin into the room so that he feel on his knees before me. "Sida look what I found playing with himself in the doorway, he must have liked what he saw and after all the times he said he can't see why I am with you. Maybe I should kick his fucking face in for looking at you like that." Bryan advanced on Kevin as if to kill him and Kevin coward back.

I walked forward and stopped in front of Kevin. "Kevin did you really say those things to Bryan about me? Maybe I should let him beat you up, maybe I should help kick the shit out of you, these boots are steel toed you know." I put the boot in his face so he could see it close. "But maybe I have a better idea, maybe I will just make you pay me back for all those rude comments, I think I will take it out of your ass instead of your face and maybe out of another part of you until you beg."

Kevin began to shake and he looked at the ottoman and the paddles, his cock was still half hard which I could tell, no man can hide desire from me. "What do you mean." he stammered.

"Well little man I think I am going to have some fun with you, I am going to use you as a toy, and first you will beg me to stop and then you will beg me to never stop. You are a worthless little man and I am going to find out all your secret little desires, you are going to lay them out at my feet while Bryan watches and if you are lucky you will get to have a few of them." I reached down and grabbed his hair and pulled him up, it wasn't hard, Kevin was only five six and I was six foot one in my stocking feet and I could have pulled a linebacker off his feet. With my other hand I carefully slapped his face, making sure not to break anything then dropped him n a heap on the floor.

"That was for spying. Now don't even think you are getting out of here before I am done with you or that Bryan will help you, you are mine for the rest of the day. Now strip."

I reached on to the ottoman and picked up a long thin buggy whip, and snapped it against the floor, buggy whips are really only good for serious scenes but they are very impressive. "Don't make me flay you Slave, this will rip those clothes off your body and a good deal of your skin." As Kevin struggled with his pants I looked up at Bryan who was sitting in a chair in the corner and winked at him. The look of confidence he gave me was wonderful.

Finally Kevin sat on his knees before me and his penis was half erect, I knew that this was a fantasy he had had even if I was not his dream amazon, I pushed him back till he fell over on his butt and then over till he lay flat on the floor. "Well it looks as if our little slave is not so unhappy about this after all does it Bryan? Someone is at half mast. Well slave when you are around me you will always salute. You know little man I could crush you with one foot. Just grind you into the ground or I could very carefully make you cum."

I lifted my booted foot and placed the flat of the foot against his semi hard cock as I talked and the heel laid against his balls and I began to carefully apply pressure and rub it around. "All it would take is one misstep and you would be broken forever, oh but it feels good doesn't it. You don't want it to, you are fighting it cause you don't want anything I do to you to feel good but it does and it is driving you crazy." His cock got harder and harder under my foot and the look on his face was one of such embarrassment I was getting even more aroused. "No keep looking at me little boy, look me in the face, yes that is it, now how does that feel? Come on if you don't want to loose your little toy then you will thank me for stepping on your cock and tell me how good it feels."

I could see the struggle in his eyes, he wanted to resist so bad, but all it took was a bit more pressure and for me to push my heel in a little before he gave in better then I even thought he would since I had yet to tell him to call me mistress. "Oh please Mistress Sida it feels wonderful to have you step on me, to have your foot on my worthless cock, when you grind it I feel so useless and so hot. Please do not destroy me Mistress Sida, I am not worthy of you dirtying your beautiful boot with me."

Oh he was going to be so much fun. I took my foot off and reached for a cockring and put it on him. "You do not touch yourself or cum till I tell you slave now stand up and put your hands behind your back." I grabbed his hands, enjoying how small he is and used leather cuffs to secure his wrists behind him then put a collar and leash on him. I dragged him over to another chair in the room and pushed him over the arm of it, grabbing a leather covered paddle.

"Bryan my love, how many times would you say this toad has made some rude comment or sly remark about me?" I asked as I dragged the paddle up and down Kevin's legs and teased his balls with it.

Bryan was leaning back smiling at me and I could see he was beginning to enjoy himself. "Oh 30 times in the last month at least." he said and adjusted himself in his pants. I knew when this was over I would tie Kevin up and make him watch Bryan fuck me for at least half an hour if not longer.

"Well then we will have to give him 30 strokes." I barely touched him, but then my barely hurts like hell I started slow and easy and sped up and got harder, covering Kevin's ass and thighs until they were red and swollen. The whole time talking to him. "So you can not understand why Bryan wants a big fat woman like me? You don't see why he wants to suck on great big full titties and lay on a round jiggly belly while he fucks my tight pussy or why he would want to grab my wide fat hips while he slides it in my ass?" My paddle came down on his ass.

His cries were loud and he begged me to forgive him. "I was wrong, Owwwww. I see how perfect you are. Ohhh my god! I want to worship you. Nooooo! I want to kiss your feet and lick your fat pussy Ouch! and kiss your ass. Please Mistress, OooOOOHHhhh Please Please."

"Thirty. That was not so bad was it? All done." I pulled the paddle away and waited for Kevin to relax before striking him fast two more times. "Never trust me Kevin. I lie. It is my nature. Now you have to thank me and the paddle, then lick it clean."


"Thank you Mistress Sida and thank you paddle." Kevin began to lick the paddle and my finger as I stuck it in his mouth then I rubbed my hand all over his ass and reached between his cheeks and pushed that finger two knuckles deep into his asshole. He would have made a lot more noise about it but I pushed the paddle against his mouth. I began to push the finger in and out and he began to relax with it and I could tell he was enjoying it. I pulled my finger out and pushed Kevin to his knees and using the leash lead him to the ottoman which I cleared and sat down on.

"Well Kevin we get to see if you are a man of you word since you begged to suck my fat pussy now is your chance and you better hope and pray you do it right." I spread my legs and Kevin dove for my pussy as if it was a life line he began to devour it. I signaled to Bryan to come over to me and I could see his hard-on through his pants.
