 Anna heard the door bell ring and at first ignored it, before realizing that she was the only one in the house and was therefore going to have to answer the door. Getting up, she made the quick hand signal to turn the television's volume down, and went to the door. The young Latino woman opened it and was surprised to see a very beautiful blue-eyed blonde white woman dressed in a white and black outfit. Anna was struck by how little, with two perfectly round breasts, bulging out of the v-cut white and black top, and her long legs, that looked very feminine yet very strong, hardly covered by the short white and black pleaded skirt. Her arms hung at her side rather awkwardly, and as a whole she was very stiff and mechanical. 

It was this last fact that made Anna believe this woman was actually a robot, as she was certain no real woman could be so un graceful. And who had ever heard of someone dressing in so little? She, or it rather, was nearly naked and certainly no self respecting woman would ever go around like that. And she was so perfectly white! Anna was sure that people had long ago stopped looking that different from each other. It was at least a hundred years ago that the old races stopped being idiots and were really ok with having sex with one another. Anna suddenly realized that she hadn't even found out what the robot wanted, so she asked.

"Can I help you?" Anna asked.

"Are you Anna Valdez?" The voice was very sweet and melodious, surprising Anna and making her feel at ease.

"Yeah, that's me."

"I am Tiffany, and I am to be your maid-servant. Mr. Carl Valdez and Mrs. Maria Valdez have paid for my use. I am to live with you and take care of any needs you might have."

"So my mom and dad got you so you would clean and cook?"

"Yes, I believe that is the arrangement. Do not worry; I will not be a drain on your resources. I have other means to sustain myself." Anna laughed at this.

"Oh, I know, you can cut the act out. Just need a power outlet, huh?" she asked chuckling.

"My requirements will be fulfilled when it is not an inconvenience to you."

"Oh alright, fine, come in," Anna said. Tiffany followed her in, closing the door behind her. Anna plopped down on the couch.

"There's a room down the hall on the left that you can use. I don't have many guests over, so there's no point in not using it I suppose, as long as you don't trash it."

"I could never do that," Tiffany said, a touch of concern in her sweet voice.

"Ok, well, whatever, just do whatever it is that you do and don't bother me, got it? I'm watching my show."

"Yes ma'am." Tiffany scooted off without another word.

A few hours later, Anna got up to use the bathroom and noticed how clean everything was. Anna did not consider herself a really messy person, though her parents standards were so high that they thought she needed a robot to take care of her. She had moved out when she turned eighteen as is custom, which was only a few days ago. She liked not having her parents rules and oppressive demands, though up until now she had wondered what she was going to cook. The difference Tiffany had made though was considerable, with her clothes clean and neatly put away and her kitchen area spotless. All of this done without even disturbing her! Anna was quite happy, and went to thank Tiffany, but she was no where to be found. Anna quickly lost interest though, and went back to her television programs.

A few weeks passed by, and though the novelty of having a clean apartment due to another's hard work and worn off, Anna was surprised at how little she actually saw Tiffany. It was clearly part of her programming to stay out of the way, though how the robotics companies were able to do it was a mystery to Anna. 

At first Anna had felt a little on edge with Tiffany there, even if she wasn't right where Anna could see her. She slowly started feeling more at ease, until one day when she suddenly realized how stupid it was to be in edge about a robot. She could do whatever she wanted to! This thing, this robot, wasn't going to care what she did, so why worry about it. Anna suddenly felt like doing something rash and unpredictable, and as she was in the shower when she had this epiphany, she decided that she would not put any clothes back on after the shower. With a mix of excitement and nervousness, Anna turned off the water and dried off, then examined herself in the mirror. 

She was fairly tall, with long dark hair that was just a little bit naturally curvy, and she had the dark tan skin of someone with Central American heritage dominating her background. She didn't think of herself as any particular race, as no one was any particular race. She smiled and made a few funny faces in the mirror, admiring her own long nose and full lips. With a tickle of pleasure she grasped her two large breasts in her hands, and then ran her fingers down her trim sides to her hips, turning sideways to make sure her nice round ass was definitely still there. Pleased with everything she saw, Anna opened the door and headed out into the living room, plopping down onto the couch.

Anna lied there completely exposed, watching television, all the while hoping that Tiffany would walk in and feel embarrassed or at least just confuse her circuits. While she was waiting, she started watching an old time movie. In it there were these two girls in a park, talking about how one of them was inexperienced in kissing guys. The other girl suggested that she help her practice. The first seemed a little nervous, but consented. The first kiss was very quick, but the one who offered to teach said it was no good, that they had to open their mouths and really be passionate. The novice nervously consented, and so they kissed again. This was definitely a much better kiss, and they kept going for a long time, sucking on each other's lips, tongues going in each others mouths while the novice's hands, at first around each other's neck, began to slowly slide down her chest until they cupped the other's breasts, and then began to squeeze and kneed. The teacher then slowly sat up, still kissing the novice girl passionately while she fondled her breasts, and leaned forward, forcing the novice onto her back. The teaching girl then slowly started unbuttoning the novice's blouse until the shirt was wide open and two naked breasts were exposed. The teaching girl slowly moved her mouth down the novice girl's chin, then neck, and finally over her breasts until she was sucking on her perky nipple, grasping the other breast with her hand while the novice girl arched her back and opened her mouth to moan pleasure fully.

Anna was not terribly impressed by this scene, as she had become something of an expert of such old time classics, but it did give her an idea. She always enjoyed giving robots a run for their money, at least just to confuse the heck out of them. 

"Tiffany!" Anna called, stretching while still completely naked.

"Yes ma'am?" Tiffany called, and soon arrived. She was dressed in her typical outfit, her large breasts still mostly exposed as well as everything below her upper thighs. Anna peeked over top of the couch, and was, as always, amazed how life-like people had been able to design robots, even to the movement of muscles to make an admittably attractive pair of legs. With a smile, Anna decided to go through with her plan, and test how far robots could go.

"Can you please help me with something?"

"I would be honored!" Tiffany said. 'Damn robot can't even fake a smile,' Anna thought to herself.

"Great, well just come over here..." Anna said, scooting to one end of the couch. When Tiffany came around the couch and saw Anna completely naked, she gasped and turned her head.

"Ma'am, I didn't realize you were-"

"Nah, it's ok. I kinda like it. What do you think?"

"Think of what ma'am?" Tiffany asked, still looking away.

"Of me! Do you think I'm attractive?" Tiffany hesitated.

"Ma'am, I couldn't say..."

"Now come on, every woman," Anna started, placing a heavy emphasis on woman, as if she doubted Tiffany was one, "can say something about another woman's body. You must think something." Tiffany hesitated again.

"You have everything that is considered attractive-"

"Come on now, you barely saw me! Look at me!" Tiffany turned and gazed over Anna's naked body.

"You are very well endowed, ma'am." Tiffany said. Anna laughed out loud and mercilessly.

"Alright, enough of that. Now please, I need your help. You see, I need to brush up on my kissing. I think it's gotten a little rusty. I thought that you could help." Tiffany's mouth seemed to drop just a bit.

"I don't understand ma'am."

"I want you to kiss me, help me practice kissing."

Without another word, Anna leaned forward and kissed Tiffany's closed lips. Anna kissed at her, but she didn't really respond, so she pulled back.

"Now Tiffany, if we're going to practice, you're going to get into it. Open you're mouth for goodness sake, unless you think I'm unattractive."

"No ma'am, I don't think that," Tiffany began, but Anna cut her off.

"Good, then kiss me."

Anna leaned forward once more, and they began to kiss again, this time Tiffany was more responsive. Anna had been a little surprised when she found Tiffany's lips warm the first time, but she was even more impressed by the very sensual movements of Tiffany's moist lips. Whatever program was running her was clearly very well made, because she responded very well to Anna, kissing more passionately when Anna slackened and giving way when Anna picked up speed. Anna felt a warmness spread through her body that was quite unconnected to the temperature of the room, but decided to ignore it. She felt Tiffany's body move closer as they continued to kiss, and her head began to feel a little cloudy. Anna felt Tiffany's breasts come into contact with hers, and as they moved closer together they reached a point where skin met skin. A chill ran through Anna's body, feeling the imitation warmth of Tiffany's skin against her own. Before Anna could really take this in, she was met with another surprise, the soft feeling of Tiffany's hands on her naked back. 

They were gently pressing, kneading her muscles and felt very nice, like a massage up close and personal. Anna was feeling both very excited but also getting a little freaked out by Tiffany's behavior, which was surprisingly sensual. Anna began to relax some, to show that she was done, but Tiffany pressed harder, her tongue penetrating Anna's mouth, and as a final straw, Tiffany's hands reached all the way down and grabbed Anna's ass. With an angry push on Tiffany's breasts, Anna pushed Tiffany off, who seemed to take a second to realize that she was no longer making out with her.

"God damn it! What the hell is wrong with you?!" Anna yelled, getting up off the couch and staring down at Tiffany. In her anger she put her fists on her hips and made no attempt to cover herself. Tiffany seemed to shy away immediately.

"I'm sorry ma'am," Tiffany began in her sweet, soft voice. "I did not mean to harm you. I meant only to follow your instructions." Anna paused, still upset, but the large part of her annoyance now passing or passed.

"I suppose I did tell you to get into it."

"Usually when told to get into it, people start to touch each other in sensitive areas-"

"Yeah yeah, I know, so that's why you grabbed my ass. Well, whatever. Good night."

Anna stormed off to her room and slammed the door, thoroughly irritated. Her plan to make Tiffany feel uncomfortable backfired terribly, she thought, throwing on a large t-shirt and laying down on her bed. It was certainly fun at first, telling Tiffany that she's got to do something. Anna had felt in charge, the superior that she was. But then, Tiffany seemed to get going. It started ok, Anna admitted, remembering with mixed emotions that warmth that spread over her body. Maybe if Tiffany had gone a little slower, maybe if Anna had been ready for it, she would have been more accepting of Tiffany touching her there... Anna was lost in dreamy thoughts, but suddenly snapped out. What was she thinking? She didn't want Tiffany to touch her ass, or anywhere else for that matter. It had all been a stupid experiment, nothing more, and she shouldn't have done it in the first place.

A few days passed and Tiffany seemed to be able to sense that she should not be around, because Anna saw literally nothing of her. Meals were always prepared silently or when Anna was out, and Anna kept finding rooms clean when she returned from them. Anna would have thought it was embarrassment, except she knew robots couldn't feel anything. After another day of this, Anna couldn't take it anymore, and finally, just before going to bed, she called for Tiffany, who showed up in a matter of seconds.

"Yes ma'am?" Tiffany said, with little emotion on her face. 

"Look, I appreciate that you're trying to stay out of my way here, but frankly it's just getting annoying and freaky. I think we just need to forget that anything ever happened and just move on, you understand?"

"I believe I do ma'am," Tiffany said, sounding as if she was trying to please Anna more than really understanding.

"Enough with that ma'am stuff too, it's just getting even more annoying," Anna said. "Just call me Anna."

"Alright, Anna," Tiffany said with apparent ease.

"And get rid of that ridiculous outfit you're always wearing, it's giving me a headache," Anna said, turning away from Tiffany and getting into bed. Tiffany left the room, closing the door behind her. Anna turned over and fell asleep.

Later that night, Anna woke up to Tiffany's soft voice.

"Are you alright, Anna?" Tiffany asked calmly.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?" Anna asked groggily, her eyes watering a little from the light and seeing the silhouette of Tiffany leaning over her.

"I heard you calling my name, that's all, and I came in to see that you were alright."

"Yeah, I think I am," Anna said, now remember faintly from her dream that she was calling for Tiffany.

"Shall I bring you anything?" Tiffany asked calmly.

"No, you can go, thank you," Anna said, her head becoming a little clearer.

"Thank you, Anna," Tiffany said, and turned to leave.

Anna felt a sudden and strange wetness on her bed shirt, and pulling it up she felt that wetness had come from her vagina. She looked up quickly and noticed that there was something different about Tiffany. When she reached the door, the light from the hallway made it very clear. She was stark naked!

"Tiffany!" Anna said with a surprising firmness.

"Yes Anna?" Tiffany turned, and now Anna noticed that the sides of her large breasts were sticking out slightly from her sides.

"What in the world are you doing naked?"

"Your orders were for me to get rid of my outfit. It was the only one I owned, so I went without," Tiffany said, quite unabashedly at that.

"Well I didn't mean for you to do that!"

"I assumed that you were comfortable with nudity, from your behavior last week," Tiffany said calmly.

"Well- I-" Anna stuttered out, but gave up and gave a long sigh. "I think you're about my size, let's see," she said, getting out of bed and turning on the light. She looked back at Tiffany, who had moved closer. Anna's heart skipped a beat. Tiffany was incredibly beautiful, with the most perfect breasts and hips and legs she had ever seen. Anna let out an audible sigh.

"Are you alright Anna? You're sigh would indicate frustration, yet you're slow breathing and large pupils seem to indicate you are pleased. Is there something I can do?"

A wave of carnal passion swept through Anna's thoughts and body and for a split second she almost thought of jumping at Tiffany. The moment passed, and she shook herself out of her daze.

"I- I'm fine," she said quickly, and opened a drawer, and grabbed the first thing she could, which was underwear.

"Here," she said, and threw it at Tiffany.

Tiffany grabbed the underwear, and turned her back towards Anna, bending over and displaying her stellar ass. It was perfect, with no blemishes or weird spots, perfectly smooth and with a definite shape. Anna was strangely mesmerized, knowing that it wasn't real yet also feeling an intense desire to touch and explore it. Tiffany pulled the underwear up, blocking Anna's view of her incredible ass. A pang of panic went through Anna, and without thinking she yelled out.

"No, those won't do," Anna said. Tiffany looked at her with a strange look, and pulled the underwear back off, now completely naked again and looking at Anna expectedly. Thinking quick, Anna turned and grabbed something else, which turned out to be a blue halter top. Anna handed it to Tiffany, and watched as she turned it in her hands, looking it over. Anna became engrossed by Tiffany, particularly her large breasts. They seemed to jiggle this way and that way as she struggled to pull the small shirt over her. When she finally managed to pull it over her breasts, they bulged out the top and sides, as the shirt was rather tight, and her nipples pressed into the material of the shirt. Tiffany put her hands on her still naked hips definitively, as if asking if it was ok. She still had on nothing below the shirt, and Anna's heart skipped a beat again. She was going to give Tiffany some pants, but at the last second she again decided against it.

"No, no, you can't wear that. I'm going to, umm... wear that tomorrow," Anna said, thinking fast. Tiffany had a hard time pealing it off, but soon she was once again standing naked before Anna, who was still only clothed in a large t-shirt that came down over her upper thighs.

"Anna?" Tiffany said questioningly.

"Yes Tiffany?"

"Should I just stay like this?" she asked, not making eye contact with Anna and putting her hands on her hips. Anna's mouth dropped slightly, and she hesitated, looking back at the drawers as if there might be something there she would find suitable. When she looked back, Tiffany was only a few feet away.

"It does not appear you are going to find anything in there that you will want me to wear." Tiffany's voice was still its usual soft sweet tone, which made it very difficult to figure out her intentions. Not that a robot has intentions, Anna thought to herself.

"I, umm, it's just that..." Anna mumbled, looking back at her clothes with a little desperation.

"It's fine Anna, I don't mind being nude. If that is how you would like me, then I will comply."

"What do you want?" Anna asked uncertainly.

"I want you to enjoy my presence," Tiffany said, taking a step further, so they were within touching distance. Tiffany did just that, putting one hand out and gently caressing Anna's face. Anna could help but smile.

"Your body is simply amazing," Anna said, gathering her composure and looking at Tiffany matter-of-factly. "It is quite pleasant to look at." Anna stepped closer and put one hand on Tiffany's breast, feeling it's round shape and hard pointy nipple, giving it a gently squeeze. Next she ran her fingers down to Tiffany's hips, where she played a little with her belly button before running her hand over the mound between her hips.

"I really like this, how you have this curve here, it is very sexy."

"Thank you," Tiffany replied calmly, with no trace of feeling the least bit embarrassed by being so closely examined.

"And you ass!" Anna exclaimed, turning Tiffany around by her hips to her back side. Even this close, only a few inches away, Tiffany's ass was flawless, with the perfect blend of size and shape that made Anna do more than just look. She could feel that warm feeling flowing and pulsing through her now, and without another moments hesitation, Anna lowered herself onto her knees and began to touch Tiffany's ass. Running her fingers around both cheeks, she grabbed two handfuls, giving enough of a squeeze that Tiffany lifted up onto her toes.
