 "Come on Matt. Every other member has let me blow them while they drove the van."

"I told you, I almost crashed with the handjob. I feel so tired."

"Matt, just give Astral what Astral wants so she can get back in here." 

"Fuck it. It's all your fault then. This is the last time I'm driving overnight while you all just drink and smoke."

"Whatever Matt."

** * **

A dim light appeared to a small jungle clearing. From the light emerges a naked body of a 21-year-old girl who had been a pop idol in her previous life called Astral. Booming voice echoes in her ears.

"You were a selfish and unpure soul in your last life. All you achieved was because of your parent's inheritance. But all of that was in one life so as merciful High Gods we are giving you the last chance before you will be permanently reincarnated as a cockroach with all the failed souls. You have been made into a new goddess in a medieval world but you have to work yourself up or you will die from the lack of magic from your followers." 

Astral was in silent shock. In front of her was a statue made of dark stone that was shaped like her exact body including her black shoulder-length hair. It stood in a basic but almost regal standing pose with a grim face.

Looking at herself Astral could see through her own body. The fact she was floating did not help with her increasing confusion. Also, her eyes were pure black but she had no way of seeing it. Otherwise, her body looked like it had before. A shapely B-rate artist that got by more with her looks than with her talents. She was nubile and slender but with meat in all the right places which had attracted many fans in her last life. 

The newborn Goddess's mind was filled with the information told to her and some other basic details. More she thinks about them more logical and real they sound.

"I'm a goddess?" Astral mutters. Her transparent hands move through nearby tree branches like nothing. She was on a small jungle clearing but smaller growth was everywhere. Astral could not even begin to guess the names of the foreign-looking plants.

Floating away from her naked statue Astral discovered that she can't leave further than ten meters from the stone construct to any direction. Also, It did not take long for her to notice the statue was solid under touch so she sat on its head trying to think. Everything was too unreal to focus well. That her body felt like it was not there did not help. She could touch herself but there was barely any sensations.

Warm connection with the statue radiated from it into Astral's body. The situation started to slowly feel more real to the new Goddess as she stared into the jungle that surrounded her.

"I don't want to be a cockroach," Astral suddenly yelled. She had no other choice but to accept what was told to her as a fact. No matter how long she had sat there nothing changed.

Astral tried to find followers to feed her with magic as the High Gods had told her but due to the ten-meter search radius she had, she could not find any. 

The increasingly desperate Goddess mostly sat on her statue head as time passed but then she heard strange voices coming from the thicket that surrounded the small open field her statue was on. From it came many small green men. They had rugged leather clothes and spears. Astral did not remember these things from any history class she ever had had on the medieval period. They looked wrinkled with pointy ears, their corner teeth were small tusks and they had red eyes.

The green men surrounded the stone statue while making words Astral could not understand. One of them kept pointing up at the statue and approaching it. Astral had to stop it. There was no way she could let these filthy green imps touch the naked statue of her body. She focused as hard as she could to pull back the male and to her surprise, she could throw him several meters in the air.

Other green men dropped to their knees and bowed to the statue. The one who had flown came back and placed a piece of meat to the small stone slab that was in front of the statue. They kept bowing some time and Astral felt a weird tingling sensation. It made her want to stop the ritual at any cost. She lifted the meat from the stone slab and when she was about to throw it away it was absorbed by her statue in a flash of light. 

The new Goddess who took the offering was covered in green light and her statue shook. It rose from the ground and beneath it emerged a marble pedestal and in it read, "Astral, Patron of Goblins, Deity of Male Lust." 

The changes did not stop there. The statue itself changed. It bent slightly backwards and spread its legs in a provocative manner. Even the hands moved to push the breasts upwards. It froze in its new position. At least the face was still emotionless Astral tough while looking at it with rising horror.

"Praise the jug Goddess, the grower of cocks and thrower of males," the goblins yell while hitting their heads to the ground.

The only thing Astral was glad about was that was not the thing that read on her statue. 

** * **

Astral sat on the black-stone altar that had risen in front of the statue. She could not let herself sit on the statue that looked like a complete pervert. Also, she had to keep the goblins that were now building a wall around the clearing from putting strange things on the altar. She kept throwing the goblins that tried to approach one by one. Most of them went back building the wall or the houses next to them. Or that's what they called them. They looked like piles of carbage to Astral and more and more goblins were arriving to build them.

The fledgeling goblin Goddess now understood what the goblins said but she only learned two useful things. This was now sacred adult male goblin zone and that the women and the young lived in the more fortified hill fort nearby that used to be the main village. Everything else Astral heard was more about growing cocks and healing limp members or stuff that made even less sense to her. 

It took only a couple of days for this new goblin village to be built. It still did not look like much to Astral as she could even see above the walls while sitting on her altar. 

The goblins kept forming lines to the altar and offered different gifts. The agitated Goddess kept throwing them away before they landed on it but then she saw one older looking goblin carrying a book that titled, "The true story of gods." It was in the same type of letters that were used in the statue pedestal. In case this book contained something useful to help Astral she had to have it. Before it hit her altar she picked it up and began reading. 

The goblin crowd stared in amazement at the flipping pages as the book floated in their eyes. It was mostly about a champion of some war god who saved the world from some evil god. Nothing that would really interest Astral but she did make some mental notes about what the gods did in it. 

When Astral dropped the book it flew straight to the statue and insides it. The goblins saw that the sacrifice was accepted and cheered. The older goblin who had given the book dropped down his leather pants.

"Heal Wizwat's broken manhood," the goblin yelled. 

Astral looked him in disgust. Some time passed and as nothing happened the goblins started to feel restless. 

"Fake god, useless god," yelled someone from the crowd and soon others joined him to chant it.

Astral's projection started to shake and fade and she felt something flowing out of her. Words of warning from the High Gods came to Astral's mind as she could feel herself disappearing. She did not want to be a cockroach and men were no strangers to her. Astral had spent many sleepless nights with her band after all. Most of her teen and older life had been touring with them.

The weakening Goddess did the only thing she could think of and grabbed the older goblin's filthy rod and started to rub it. The goblin was looking down in amazement as his veiny cock started to grow. Astral felt tingles flowing from her hand to him and she stopped when it had fully grown. Wizwat jumped on the altar and presented his green rod to the world. 

"The old limp dick can stand, praise the grower of cocks," some goblin yelled from the crowd and they all kneeled one by one.

Wizwat then proceeded to walk through the crowd and tried to convince everybody that it was bigger than before. 

Astral looked in horror but it was more from the fact that it did not bother her as much as she would have thought. Still, it was not something she wanted to repeat. The goblin's cock was leathery and unnaturally hard after being erected. Not to mention the size was not something being that small should have.

** * **

The next day Astral decided that she wanted to be a war god instead and not some goblin sex goddess. The book she had read also told the story of a god who had become evil from good one through his evil actions. What the book told about the war gods revealed to Astral that she needed to grant blessings to weapons and anoint champions. She had a perfect target in mind. One of the bigger goblins had been staring at her statue for a long time and complaining about how his tribe was now worshipping a soft-god. 

Astral took the goblin's crude iron axe and made it fly above her altar. The goblin followed. She did the only visible enhancement she could think of, she made its blade burn fire. The goblin first looked shocked but when he realised the axe wasn't turning into dust he went to his knees and offered small pouch to the sky. Astral took it as she could not give the axe back for free, it was not how war gods acted. It contained small carved females that flew past Astral to get absorbed by the statue when she opened the pouch.

The goblin jumped around the village with his burning axe and made people touch it as it did not feel hot at all. When night came it at least worked as a torch. 

That night Astral went to the chosen goblin's sleeping body and tried to make him her champion through a prophetic dream like what had happened in the book. The Goddess filled the green man's mind with burning axes and pictures of the stone altar. Astral needed war and weapon-related wishes to become a war god.

The next day the champion goblin was standing on Astral's altar yelling, "the lusting Hole-Goddess of males came to Grunk and showed future. Goddess will make all our axes burn and lead goblins to victory." 

The goblins lined up with all the axes and offerings they could find. Astral tried to look at the offerings as little as possible as most of them flew from the altar to her statue's nether region that it still presented with spread legs and bent back. Most of the things brought were barely axes as they were rocks tied to sticks and not even iron like the champion's axe had been. Astral blessed them all since she was sure that this is how one becomes a war god. More evil actions the transforming God did in the book the more evil god he became.

After every axe looking thing was burning in the hands of the goblins the champion Grunk screamed, "To war." 

Astral also did think a war was needed at some point but this bunch that was poorly armed with magical torches did not look like an army. She wished that this was only against some half-starved dying wild dogs.

The Goddess felt fear of losing her rabble army that was her only means of becoming a war god. Astral could only watch as the goblin group with burning axes marched to war. She was far too exhausted from making so many axe-torched that she could not even throw any goblins in the air to stop them.

** * **

On the third day, the goblin horde came back and there were many more of them. Too many to count with Astral's abilities. 

The champion was praising the Goddess of males again on the altar. The Goddess in question was listening to a conversation between one of the warriors and elderly goblin that had been too old to go. 

"It was glorious. Every clan surrendered from the sight of the divine axes. Charging from the hills axes high and enemies prostrate to the great Fire-Axe Tribe." 

Based on the book war gods needed hard-fought battles to be fought in their name but at least Astral had not lost her army that was now many times bigger.

"Great Hole-Goddess champion Grunk is yours," yells the goblin standing on the altar while dropping his pants.

Astral saw the male jump towards her statue. She was too far to get to him in time. 

Grunk landed on the statue and embraced it hanging from it with his grip. His cock pressed against the presented stone pussy. It was soft against the goblin meat pushing into the opening. The walls of stone parted and bent around the rigid rod.

"Grunk's cock feels good," the goblin announced. Even he sounded surprised that the statue was not feeling like a stone despite jumping to embrace it.

Astral froze in place. Something moved in her and it did not take long to realise what while looking at the goblin. Feeling something again brought a smile to Astral's face but it soon disappeared. She had not felt heat nor much anything else since coming here. Astral's body tensed on the cock wanting more. The cold Goddess had not known her body was still able to do it. Astral's legs clutched together wanting to wrap around the male in her but there was none.

The sensation of being spread apart was familiar to the former pop idol but never with something this big. Every thrust was more real and reached deeper into her. Astral's pussy took the form of the rigid and muscle toned goblin cock. Large veins rubbed against her walls. Hard tip rammed into her inner gate.

"Hole-Goddess is accepting Grunk's cock," the goblin repeated increasing his pace. Wet lines slowly dripped down the stone legs.

"Why, why goblin feels like this?" Astral moaned as her hands moved to cover her nethers but to no avail. The goblin Goddess realised this sensation of deep feeling was something she could not resist. The longing for warmth filled her. Astral wanted more, she wanted to be fucked by her band again.

The Goddess's hands moved into her pussy that was already spread by the goblin's cock through her connection to the statue. Astral could do nothing but watch and feel as the goblin continued his rampage. She had no strength nor the will to resist.

Shockwaves of power went through Astral as the crowd cheered. Goblin seed was thrust into the Goddess's body through her stone vessel. It was in her, going deeper and becoming part of her. The feeling made her smile as raw magic filled her drawn directly from the purest form of life.

"Aaah," Astral moaned.

The champion Grunk jumped off the statue and proceeded to tell the tale of his great deed of mating with the Goddess to the horde of goblins. The tale was tall and made it sound like a great feat of courage. The goblins watched in awe despite just seeing it themselves.

Astral hugged herself. Her eyes went from one goblin cock to another. Several of them had peaked out of their clothes and were rubbed. She wanted all of them, an urge she could barely resist. They looked huge in their goblin hands.

Astral looked at her statue in disgust and frowned. It now had the text, "Astral, Patron of Goblins, Deity of Male Lust, Taker of Seed". 

"The lustfully howling Goddess is pleased with champion Grunk," came from Wizwat whose problem Astral had fixed some time ago. 

"Wizwat will dedicate Wizwat's life to the Hole-Goddess. As the first to be healed Wizwat will be the high priest." 

Wizwat turned to the statue spreading his hands. A moment passed and nothing happened as Astral just floated in the air rubbing her pussy that was losing feeling again.

"The Hole-Goddess agrees. Wizwat is the High Priest Wizwat now."

Astral rolled her eyes thinking this could not get any worse. These goblins that she had to rely on to live were making her a one purpose god.

Champion Grunk moved in front of the statue and pushed the high priest away.

"The strong Grunk declares Grunk as the King of The Goblins." 

Grunk too spread his hands to the statue but nothing happened for a moment and the champion that was bigger than most goblins began to send murderous stares at the high priest. Wizwat looked left and right before stepping forward. His head shook frantically and he hit it to the stone altar.

"The Hole-Goddess agrees. Wet cum-hole came to Wizwat in a vision. All bow to the Goblin King," Wizwat declared and the goblins obeyed. Grunk was already the champion of the Goddess after all. 

** * **

In the following days, Wizwat built a grand temple behind the statue of the Goddess. It actually looked sturdier than most goblin huts as it was built using multiple large stones they managed to roll from somewhere. It still barely reached halfway Astral's standing length.

Wizwat and five other self-declared priests went inside to study mysteries of the Goddess. They mostly stared at her stone behind from an opening that served as a window. Clearly purposefully made to the right spot.

Most of the other tribes left promising to build altars and spread the word of the goblin cock craving Goddess. Astral was feeling delighted from the increasing flow of faith into her but the feelings of desire made her more angry than thankful in the end.

Astral's dream of being a war god was slipping away. The only change to the statue itself was that it now had opened its mouth and put its tongue out in the most disgraceful looking way possible. 

** * **

Astral began to think it would be better to try to be some other kind of god that came more naturally to her than a war god. The ex-human did not know what types of gods there were other than whatever she was and the war gods. Astral could sing and these goblins probably had never heard anything comparable to her voice. Maybe some kind of singing-god existed.

Next time the goblins were gathered at her statue Astral started to sing. She did not even know if the goblins could hear her but no harm could happen if they did not. The goblins froze on spot in seconds after hearing the first words. 

Astral sang the lines, "Take to my loins and warm me with your embrace." 

The ex-pop idol realised her mistake too late and it was clear the goblins could indeed hear her singing and understand the words. Astral had just picked her biggest hit single and had not thought of the lyrics that had never meant anything to her.

"The lustful Hole-Goddess is inviting us," screamed the High Priest Wizwat while dropping his pants and hugging Astral's stone leg. 

A horde of goblins stormed Astral's statue and she could feel the touch from every single one of them. Bodies and cocks pressed against her body as the mass of green men climbed higher. A rigid cock was once again being pushed into the stone pussy and it gave way. 

"No, not again. I don't want these things making me feel... good." Astral's hands traced her body feeling the spots where she could feel hard rod's pressed against her. The sense of heat her body lacked was once again entering into the cold body of the Goddess. Even the statue's ass was taking in a green cock.

Astral stared at her statue, her divine body was building endlessly towards a climax but no matter how much the goblin cocks spread her holes she did not reach it. Only the tempting radiating heat grew stronger as her holes were filled with thick seed. No matter how much Astral's hands massaged her clit she was not feeling enough for her. 

"I, I want more," Astral stutters. A warm pulse goes through her body and she drops to her altar on all fours. The goblins who did not have enough room at the statue quickly noticed the naked female made of flesh. 

"The flesh of the Hole-Goddess has descended to embrace goblins," Wizwat screamed while humping at the stone leg.
