 Even miles away from Earth, two people could find fun and adventure. That was the case with Ronan and Irena aboard the mobile space station Genesis One. That's not to say everyone agreed with their frolicking!

Minutes before class, Ronan and Irena, sans garments, were in the observation deck where anyone could sit on a bench and look out to the stars and moon. With the only light coming from the bodies in space, the room was perfect for their rendezvous.

Ronan was upon Irena on the floor in front of the bench near the window. He held her ankles and was powering into her so hard, her jacket was falling off her shoulders.

He leaned forward to get as deep as he could and sped up his strokes within her. She threw her arms out and kept her joyful cries as low as she could.

He separated her jacket so he could see her breasts in the pale starlight but she covered them back up.

Ronan's bottom lip curled downward and he ceased moving. "Why did you do that? They're sexy."

Irena straightened her jacket and pulled away from him. "It's almost time for class. Ms. Yurasova won't like us being late."

The mere thought of textbooks caused a soft-on. All that tension built up but back up his pants went. It was so depressing watching her dress and cover up her features.

Ronan tossed his hands up. "Come on, baby. How does knowing how many moons Jupiter has help me fly a star fighter or fire a gun?"

Irena shook her head as she wiggled into her pants. "You sound like people I went to college with. Having knowledge is good for you. The more you know, the better. Thinking of it as stretching your mind."

They climbed on the bench. She dug through her handbag to find her brush. Ronan yanked the wrinkles out of his shirt as best he could.

He gazed at her ass when she stood. "There's one moon I'd love to get more knowledge about."

"What?" she said as she looked over her shoulder. "Oh, never mind. Let's go."

These two cadets amongst others were chosen to train to join the Earth Protection Corps. The EPC consisted of cadets from nations all over the world such as the U.S., Russia, Germany, Spain, and others.

Their mission was to protect Earth from galactic threats whether they were aliens, asteroids, solar flares, or space debris. It sounded simple in theory but the clash of personalities and the nature of the mission made that a challenge!

Ronan could have been the best shot with a cosmic pistol and the number one pilot in the cockpit of a star fighter but there was always a distraction. Playing space football, watching pro American football games streamed from Earth TV stations, or women. Especially a woman named Irena. Still, he walked with his chin high though his instructors wished his skill would catch up to his confidence. He cared about serving his planet but what he had with Irena was nothing like anything he'd felt before. How he was going to balance the two was a mystery beyond him.

Irena usually kept her nose between a book's pages whether they were full of mush or intergalactic text. She had never seen anything less than an "A" her entire life. Some found her quiet nature mysterious, some admired her intellect, and to others she came across as aloof and uppity. She was a no makeup or jewelry kind of girl and usually kept her features covered but along came Ronan who cracked open her shell and she let loose! It was like she wanted to experience all the fantasies she'd dreamed about with him. She was training to operate the space radars and scanners—no easy task. For most it required their full attention but to do it with a relationship she was trying to keep quiet would be quite an accomplishment.

It was about an hour later and Ronan and Irena were next to each other in the rear of the class. The lesson taught by Ms. Yurasova was about hazards in the galaxy but the only thing they wanted a lesson in were each other!

It was a typical classroom in some aspects with five rows of six desks—most were of the right-handed variety but a few for the southpaw students. There was a cherry desk for the teacher that took up the rear corner. Outside of the windows were no grassy yard or students walking about but stars twinkling in the darkness of space. That and maintenance techs floating around in spacesuits checking the artificial gravity and life support systems.

Earth appeared as but a blue sphere with white swirls—its brightness was representing all the life in the dark galaxy. So close yet so far. It was that which the EPC fought for, their home.

Ms. Yurasova was pointing at a touchscreen video board on the wall, which replaced the antiquated chalk and dry erase marker boards. She was yammering about something concerning asteroids and supernovas but Ronan was poking Irena's love handles with the flat end of his pen causing her to giggle and draw the attention of eyeballs across the room. She was trying to swat his hand while looking at the teacher. He slipped his fingertip under her shirt and brushed it back and forth over her skin. He chuckled at how she squirmed.

His muscles tensed with a brown iris shifted in the instructor's direction. Beneath that tension was another type of the sexual kind. He couldn't keep his dreams and hands off Irena's frame, which was almost half of his. The animal was fighting to escape again and the power to restrain was fleeing. He became lost while fixating on her. He didn't even hear the heavily accented voice aimed at him.

"Ronan!" Ms. Yurasova said with a scowl on her jaw. "Do you know the answer? I just said it!"

Ronan gasped, choked, and felt some rumbling in his gut. "An answer? When did she ask the question? Shit!" He tapped his temple a few times like he was knocking some sense into himself. "Um, legs? No, I don't know."

He still had Irena's legs on his mind. The class snickered but the instructor with her curved lips and dented chin silenced them. She may have been blonde and blue eyes with golden brown legs but she looked like she could wrestle a grizzly into submission. She probably could do that by glaring at it. Ronan may have had the build of a linebacker but she was no less intimidating.

She clamped her hands on her hips. "Excuse me? The difference between asteroids and meteoroids is legs?"

Ronan couldn't have lifted his head if he wanted to and there was no boulder to crawl under. He was smarter than this and that was the most embarrassing part. Still, he couldn't help how he felt about Irena. It wasn't easy to turn away from someone who took interest in him, cared for his wellbeing, and was so hot.

Irena was stargazing as if she was trying not to look at the situation. He could hear her giggling though she was trying to hide it. He didn't see anything that was humorous.

Ms. Yurasova said, "Class is dismissed except for the two lovebirds in the back. Be ready for the test tomorrow!"

Ronan and Irena waited not with butterflies but with wasps in their stomachs. When the last student cleared the doorway, a finger giving a come hither motion summoned them to the front of the room. It was the longest fifteen foot walk ever.

As Ronan walked, he said, "A meteoroid is much smaller than an asteroid but they have the same composition!"

"It won't do you any good to remember the answer after the test!" Ms. Yurasova said as she sat on the edge of the desk and struggled to pull her skirt over her knees. "I know you two are better than this. Irena, your quiz scores have been dropping ever since you and Ronan have been messing around. Don't think I don't notice these things. You're getting close to getting a "B" and you told me how much you disliked those. And Ronan, you have the potential to be the best we have to offer but you don't push yourself. We're responsible for protecting our planet and you need to take it more seriously, sir. It's not middle school anymore!"

"Yes, ma'am," he said.

Irena dipped her chin. "I'll do better."

Ms. Yurasova pointed at them. "It's not my business but I suggest you stop whatever's going on between you two before you go too far and something happens neither of you want to happen. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have work to do."

The door slid aside allowing them to leave and once it sealed behind them, the cadets jumped into each other's arms, spun around, and held each other for a minute.

Ronan sighed as the tension was replaced with joy and relief. "I've been waiting for this!"

"Me too," Irena said into his ear. "She's kind of scary. I couldn't wait to get out of there!"

"She's worried about nothing. We'll be alright. We're adults."

Irena purred into his chest. "Mmm, so what do you want to do?"

Ronan held up his chin with his thumb. "Are you ready for your sidearm test? We could go to the range and brush up if you're not."

Irena stepped away and folded her arms over her body. "Ready? I haven't touched a gun yet. I don't know if I care much for them. They cause a lot of hurt and pain."

"I understand how you feel but it's important to know how to use them in case you have to defend yourself. Besides, everyone on the station has to learn. Don't worry, I'll teach you."

"I don't know..."

Ronan put his arm around her and started walking. "It will be okay. Trust me."

The shooting range was on the lower level of the station between soundproof walls. The targets were holographic and gave instant feedback as to how much damage would have been inflicted on a real person or android depending on the target chosen.

The range was divided into five lanes on each side. Ronan walked her to the empty one at the rear.

Ronan scanned her badge across the sensor in front of the lane. Near their knees were six boxes with red lights on them and one of them turned green and unlocked after the badge scan. Each box held a different type of weapon but a person could only use ones they were qualified to operate. He reached in and pulled out a pistol that looked normal enough but it had a battery clip in the handle instead of one that held bullets.

He demonstrated by firing a few shots. The vibrations that resonated through his hand and the kickback was powerful.

He extended the weapon towards Irena, handle first, but she was shying away.

Ronan rubbed her back. "I won't let anything happen to you, okay?" She nodded and he continued. "Look, point and shoot. Use the sight on the top to make sure you're actually aiming at what you mean to hit. This pistol fires energy bullets and you can use the dial on the side to set it to stun or kill. We'll keep it on stun because I want to make it out alive. Here."

He handed her the weapon. She didn't move her hands for a few seconds. He placed it in her palm but kept hold of it and aimed it with her.

Irena was shaking. "Point and shoot. Point and shoot. I got it."

Ronan grabbed the pair of earmuffs hanging on the side of the lane and put them on her followed by himself.

Ronan pushed a button on the side of the pistol. "You can shoot now. The safety is off. Take a breath and pull the trigger."

Her first shot struck nothing but air as did the next. She looked over at him and he returned a reassuring nod.

She took another breath and fired a shot through the human target's nose!

Ronan clapped but was focused on her side profile. He imagined how perfectly her breasts would fit in his hands. And that little ass of hers, he just wanted to slap it and watch it jiggle.

He was so focused on her that he drifted off into a daydream and it didn't register that she was calling his name.

"Ronan! Ronan!" Irena yelled but nothing. She pinched his arm and he yelped. That yanked him out of his thoughts!

"Oww! What was that for?" he said as he rubbed the pain.

"I said your name ten times! What are you thinking about?"

"I wasn't thinking about you if that's what you were trying to imply."

"Really?" she said as she looked around and lifted her shirt. "You weren't thinking about these at all?"

Ronan looked up and around. He was trying not to get a peek but he really wanted to. But that would ruin the fun.

He cleared his throat. "Um, I'm trying to teach you how to shoot." He realized what he said when she smiled at him. "I didn't mean it like that. Obviously, I'm not the only one thinking dirty!"

She let her shirt down. "Whatever! Anyways, how did I do?"

"I think you're a natural but you need to stay focused on the target instead of flirting with me," he said as he noticed the weapon drifting in his direction. With haste, he pushed it away. "And be careful where you point that! You're responsible for what that does if you pull the trigger."

"Sorry."

Ronan wrapped his arms around her. "You'll learn with practice but for a first time, you did great."

"I guess. So, what did you want to do now?"

"I was thinking we could go to my room and listen to music or watch a movie."

Irena hooked him around the elbow and gave a tug. "I'm sure that's all we'll be doing!"

"Oh, yeah, that's it. Nothing more," Ronan said as they started walking together.

When they arrived on the first floor, students and staff were running around and chatting in their nylon uniforms with a patch of the earth with EPC written over it in white on the left side. That insignia was over the heart, which was to remind them to take their mission to heart.

There was a lobby with a lounge area and beverage bar. Plants were on either side of the entrance but they weren't plastic. Water that was brought up from Earth was constantly reused and recycled but they could clone its molecules to make more if needed.

At the rear of the lobby was a corridor that led to the spacecraft hangers and command and control center.

Aside from the metallic walls and the stars beyond the windows, the place felt like it was on Earth.

Ronan and Irena couldn't wait to get some privacy. He was massaging her back as they walked and he enjoyed her purring. He let his hand glide over her ass and she grinned. Even more so when he gave it squeeze and a slap. Her ass felt like cotton and jiggled.

"You're so bad!" she said as she grabbed a quick handful of his cock, which sprang up to her touch. It remembered what they had done that morning! In .02 seconds, arousal zipped through Ronan and he was ready for her again!

They were outside his room and Ronan pushed Irena onto the door. They locked eyes and held it for a few moments. Sparks were crackling and tension was exploding around them. He leaned closer, absorbing the smell of her mango scented body lotion, and attached to her lips. It was like they both trembled and melted down to their toes.

She moaned into his mouth while slipping him a little tongue. He fidgeted about for the keycard on his hip to scan the door.

When it opened, they fell inside and nearly slipped on something that was sloshing beneath their feet. When they looked down, they were standing in a pizza box! 

After Ronan wiped the sauce from their shoes, they looked over the room, which looked as if a bomb had detonated. The floor was being used as a bookshelf, a trash can, and a clothes rack. Something smelled of milk and food a few months past their expiration date. In the middle of the disaster was Ronan's roommate, Kale, with his greased pizza hand clutched to the controller of their game system. His other hand was stuffing nacho chips into his mouth.

Remember that idea that Ronan was going to have some more fun with Irena? Yeah, that was gone. Buried under a mound of crap. He had to know what was going on!

Ronan detached from Irena's warmth and made his way through the maze of filth towards Kale. "What is this shit? We just passed inspection this morning! You did all this since then?"

Kale adjusted the tape between the lenses on his glasses and pushed his frames back up his nasal bridge. "It's a record, isn't it? I was going to clean it up but I'm so close to level 100 on this new shooter, War Galaxy!"

"If Captain Martinez sees this, he's going to toss us both out of the airlock!"

Kale pushed aside some of the mess and handed him a card. "I got you this. Go to Channel 7 on your video monitor, input the code, and you can watch all the football you want! It's a three month subscription. The feed comes through one of the satellites floating around here."

He would always do something nice to make up for his misdeeds. It was like he had things stored up to quell Ronan's rage and that was supposed to make things all better. None of those times he had someone like Irena on his arm, though!

Ronan let the card flutter back to the floor. "I always let you get away with this but not this time. And why are you here, anyways? You're supposed to be at the lab!"

"I told Mr. Ramos that I wasn't feeling up to it."

Ronan growled and dug his fingertips into his skull. "Sigh. So you could play the game, right?"

"Don't tell him that part!" he said as he rose from the landfill, dusted crumbs off his T-shirt, and offered his hand to Irena. "You must be the one keeping Ronan occupied these days. I'm Kale."

Irena hesitated and gave him a fingertip handshake. "Hi. Um, good to meet you, I think."

Kale patted Ronan on the back. "He's my best friend so you'd better be good to him."

She stuck her hand in Ronan's rear pocket and rubbed around. "I'll try."

"We should all hang out together and play War Galaxy."

Ronan guided Irena in front of him. "Yeah, I'm sure she can't wait. Bye, pal."

Irena waited for the door to shut and said, "He's quite the charmer isn't he?"

Ronan had no idea Kale saw him as a friend, let alone a best one. They watched the games together, hung out at the beverage bar, and played video games on occasion. And Kale may have poured his emotions out about the girl in the blue jean skirt he wanted to marry from college. The one he never asked out. But, best friends? He had no clue.

As Irena leaned back, Ronan braced himself on the wall behind her. "He's a really cool guy to hang around most days but he misses his family back in Dresden. It can't be easy and he probably wants to cling to anyone who wants to hang out with him."

"I miss Barcelona, too. I understand how he feels."

Ronan took her into his arms.

"I'm here for you, Irena," he said as he realized something. "Wait, we can still have fun together!"

"How? My roommate never leaves so we can't go there and the whole station is wall to wall bodies!"

"Not the classrooms," he tapped his badge, which hung from his pants. "There aren't any more sessions today. Ms. Yurasova set my badge to work afterhours when I was meeting her for tutoring every day."

A smile appeared over her but was mixed with uneasiness. "That sounds like fun but what if we get caught?"

Ronan held her by the hips and pulled her closer. "What if we don't? No one will be in that whole wing until the morning."

"You've scouted it out, haven't you?"

Ronan responded with a chuckle and off they went to class!

He was surging with anticipation when they reached the classrooms. Not a soul or a sound emanated from the whole wing. All but a handful lights were off in the hallway and the rooms. He could feel Irena's hands trembling so he escorted her to the shadows outside the classroom that would be their place of play.

Ronan stroked her tresses while focusing on her hazel gems. "Look, no one's here, baby. Relax, we'll be fine."

Irena slid the zipper on her jacket up and down. "I hope so. You know how our teacher is. We might have to make it a quickie."

He gave her an embrace and she buried herself into his body. It was like hugging a warm pillow—so soft and comforting. He wanted her right now!

Without letting her go, he swiped his badge and the scanner's light turned green and dinged. They fell inside and the lighting was turned to its lowest brightness, which created a dim, yellowish hue, but was mostly dark especially in the corners.
