 I awoke with a stretch across soft moss feeling refreshed. A weird feeling I thought being that I had never really slept out door before. Dana nuzzled up to my neck with what sounded like a contented sigh. Couldn't help the smile that broke across my face thinking of the night before. The Shewolf had gotten her satisfaction. With a sigh, I opened my eyes and took a deep breath. The smell of sex still hung in the air, mixed with the earthy scent of the forest. 

I shifted on my back and yawned the haze of sleep away. After a month, Dana and I had finally joined together in a much deserved night of mutual passion. No more of her reservations about enjoying herself and killing me in a fit of lust drunken werewolf rage. That had been a major concern of her and mine too.

Now, she had been claimed and as such, had become more than the woman I spied on next door one night. Now she was my mate, which shouldn't be said, but howled over and over like it had through the night. Werewolf sex, it turns out, is satisfyingly violent and desperate. 

"You enjoyed the violence the most?" Dana moaned into my ear, the hot air sending chills of pleasure through me. We could read each other's minds, something that cemented us as true mates. 

"No. Was just thinking about how animalistic it was," I replied. It was a true statement. Shoot, we had ended up in some birch trees. Those trees in our immediate copulating area had been torn down or shredded to pieces. Dana, it turns out, wasn't kidding about how aggressive she could get. One of my shoulder curiously ached to that. 

"Glad we waited now?"

"I'll say. Would have ripped me to shreds. You know, your leg twitches a lot when you're cumming." I said plainly, before shifting to sit up. While I sat up, she rolled over, exposing her tan back to me. 

"What time is it?" I asked, suddenly concerned about it. 

"Late," she said with a moan and stretch. It drew my eye, her curvy form and how her giant mammaries jutted out so much more while she stretched out her back. My eyes greedily drank in her form. 

"You keep up your thoughts, we won't be leaving anytime soon," she moaned at me while ending her stretch. Her silver eyes gleamed in the sunlight. 

"So what now?" I asked standing up. As cool as the morning was, I barely felt it as I performed my own stretch. I jumped when something pinched my ass. She was giggling and I looked back at her. 

"Considering we can't really stay here all day, we should head home."

"Naked?"

Her head cocked in confusion at me.

"How else would we go?" she asked. Apparently, my apprehension of being naked in the daylight was lost on her. What would the rest of the pack think? Speaking of which, I wonder what happened with Rem last night. He went out on his own to look into the dark wolf problem in the area. 

"You worry too much Vance," Dana said, wrapping herself around me. I felt the hard point of her nipples poking into my back. For as big as her breasts were, the were pretty firm and perky. What was worse or well, better was the other two pairs she grew when she was "wolfing out." She breathed hotly in my air, which sent a shiver through me.

"I could help you with that," she offered, wrapping a hand around my length. I growled in pleasure but pulled away. 

"We have to get back," I said turning to look at her. She shrugged and began walking through the trees. I followed, taking in the scents of the woods and being inquisitive with the plethora of new smells. 

"How far did we go?" I asked suddenly, realizing we had been walking for a while. 

"It was a long chase," she replied, pulling branches away and stepping through them. I caught them on their snap back and continued to follow. "After you caught me, it kind of becomes blurry on where we were going."

I reached out and grabbed her butt. She jumped up and trotted a bit to get ahead of me. 

"Worth it I'd say," I replied and she winked back at me with a smile before she began skipping through the trees. Our walk took a long time. Maybe it had to do with the distance, or more likely, the fact we kept up the distractions with the insistent flirting. Dana could be lewd as hell, flashing herself and spreading more things. We came close more than once to losing ourselves in more sex as we played.

By the time we did make it back to our respective homes, I was worried about how late it really was. Especially if my mother was home. There would be a lot of explaining to do as to why I was naked and outside. Turned out though, her car wasn't there and whatever punishment was to await me for being out all night would wait until she came home. If she had come home at all. 

Dana and I kissed at the edge of the woods across from the driveways of our homes. She gripped and I groped too much, working each other up so that we were both shaking. Her growling grew insistent. I broke away from her and ran towards my house, no longer concerned with my nudity. 

"Don't you get caught by one of the others, I don't want one of those sluts getting the fruits of my labor," she called out after me as I ran up my porch. The door was unlocked, but I wasn't able to dwell on that fact as I laughed on my way into my house as a means to cover up my discomfort with my current state. 

Inside, I tore through the house to get a much-needed shower. Under the stream of water, I had a chance to think, which was nice in a sense, but different. Without knowing it, my mate and I had been relying on our telepathic link for much of our communication. I'm pretty sure the link was all the time, but something prevented all of her thoughts from filtering into my mind. Maybe it was a pack leader thing, or maybe she was just super guarded. 

Even though the night before had been mind-blowing with the sex, I had a feeling she was keeping things from me. Her story about growing up and being kidnapped seemed true enough. Murdered parents too. What bothered me is the kidnapping. Not the actual act, but the sexual things afterward that took place. I adored Dana, a feeling that should probably bother me, but I wanted our relationship to be more than sex. Talk about feeling like a sap. 

Stepping out of the shower, I dried off quickly while my stomach growled. Hungry or not, I dressed and decided that I would get Dana to take me to see my mom. Getting dressed in a nice pair of jeans and a band shirt, one that read Metallica, I headed over to Dana's.

In the past, I would have shied away from even knocking on the door. Today, I felt like a new man. Strong and full of pride. So instead, I entered the house. Dana was right there, wrapping herself around me for a passionate kiss. Ample breasts pushed up against me through her thick sweater. She broke the kiss. 

"You aren't wearing pants?"

Dana laughed and stepped back before doing a twirl. She was wearing a mustard yellow sweater that went down to about halfway down her thigh. She was wearing a black shiny sash around her waist with matching heeled boots. She was wearing red lipstick and of course, her black hair hung past her ass. 

"You like?"

"Yeah," I stuttered out. The sight of her almost made me forget why I had come over there. 

"Would you give me a ride to the hospital?"

"To see your mom?"

"Yes," I said feeling foolish and running a hand through my hair. 

She smiled like it was a challenge and told me sure before rushing by me. She was out the door and getting into her truck. I followed outside and watched her as she got in. That sweater she wore rolled up and I got to see bare ass and the hottest looking pink in the world. I fought the urge to run and bury my nose in the no doubt wet and welcoming fat pussy she had. Too bad there were other things to do. 

Getting into her giant truck again was a chore to me. I couldn't understand the appeal, but then, I didn't own a vehicle to call my own. My mom had an SUV that was red, rated at soccer mom level. Too bad I ran track. 

Before I was even able to buckle up and as soon as the door to the truck closed, Dana peeled away from her house with a roar of power. I lurched as she took through the rural streets and sped to the highway. 

"Why do you want to see your mom?" Dana asked, thankfully breaking the silence.

"Haven't seen her," I said plainly, wondering why it felt weird to converse with her. "It looked like she didn't even come home last night."

"Did she text you?"

Fuck. I totally forgot that I had a cell. So much so that I had left the thing at home. One night of exquisite pleasure was all it took to distract me. I guess that distraction meant Dana, who was now laughing at me for my forgetfulness. It was infectious and it took a minute for us both to recover. 

"How do you drive laughing like that?"

"What do you mean?" She said defensively looking over at me. The truck followed her gaze and drifted into the next lane. The lady in the minivan next to us slammed on her brakes in horror as Dana took over the lane. My mate was laughing in a carefree manner as she sped up on the highway. 

"Aren't you worried about being pulled over," I asked almost in a panic. Dana wasn't slowing down as she weaved through traffic with her giant truck. Always thought the people who drove like here were the douche male type. The truck lurched to a stop at a light on an off ramp. 

"You don't like my driving?"

"No," I said. 

She leaned over to me and pulled me into a kiss, which she broke after a second. "Live a little Vance."

"I did. Last night. Let this lady turned into a wolf and had tons of sex with her." Dana's look was one of confusion. 

"Because it was dangerous," I offered, trying to get her to get the joke. She just shrugged and the silence crept back between us. It seemed so much easier to flirt with her and push the sexual innuendo. In my young age, it bothered me that I didn't know how to talk to a girl much less a sexual goddess like Dana. With a sigh, I sat back in the seat and watched as the city buildings zipped by. 

Only a few minutes had passed, but already the tall buildings, tight roads and lack of trees were making me nervous. I rarely traveled to the city and often the only excuse to go was to see my mom at the hospital she worked at. Even though I grew up in the suburbs, I guess the wild was what I desired. No lines, perfect streets, or lack of nature. Maybe being a werewolf heightened these feelings, which gave me an idea. 

"Do you like the city?" I asked her while we rolled up at a stop light. 

"It has its purposes," she answered. 

"But do you like it?"

She looked over at me, her silver eyes piercing me. 

"I grew up in the mountains with lots of forest Vance. The city bothers me. It's too unnatural."

"I feel the same, but is it the wolf?"

"Probably has a lot to do with it. I just like the woods anyways. Peaceful and free."

"Unless you're killing something."

"Or fucking."

We both laughed, but I was bothered by us yet again making it back to the subject of sex. 

"It's the hormones, Vance. It is always like that. Everything is multiplied," she commented as the light turned green. Every thought she could hear, and I was embarrassed that it was heard how much just the sex bothered me. 

"It doesn't bother you?"

"The constant sexual tension? No. What bothers me is your hesitation. Are you an Alpha?"

My head turned towards at that question. 

"Am I an Alpha? Did you just seriously ask me that?"

"Yeah, I did."

"Didn't seem to be complaints about how Alpha I was last night."

"Don't you know Vance, an Alpha is only as good as his mate says."

She winked at me and then licked her lips. 

"I'll give you a chance soon to prove again how Alpha you are. But first, let's see your mom."

It was then that I noticed we were driving up the long way to the drop off entrance to the hospital. Hospital Merci was, spelled with an I due to the owner's love of the French. Guess it was lost on the old guy that the spelling changed it from a more appropriate title for medicine to thank you. A fun filled fact when your mom decided to tell you things she researched. She was like that though when she found the free time. She loved to read. 

"You're not coming in?"

"I will after I park, but I think if your mom saw me right away, might not be good." I went to open the door but then changed my mind.

"Park the truck, we'll go in together."

Dana said nothing as the truck roared once more. Finding a parking spot proved to be a challenge for her, being that the truck was so big. 

"You could have already seen your mother," she said in frustration. 

"You're cute when you're frustrated you know?"

Oh, the daggers that got shot at me as she slammed the truck to a stop. She shut off the vehicle and we both sat there staring at the tall tower of the hospital. 

"Let's go in," I said. I did notice before how erotic Dana had dressed, but now, as she got out of the truck, I realized just why she hesitated to come in. My mom would surely ask questions about the neighbor dressing so scantily near her son. I closed the door to her truck and ran to catch up to Dana.

"Hey," I said when I caught up and kept pace. "Why don't you go to the gift shop and get us some water."

I took my wallet out and she took it without a word. She merely stopped, turned and kissed me. After that, we went into the hospital and she peeled away almost immediately. With a shrug, I went to my mom's work wing. 

My mother worked as a nurse at the hospital and was often asked to fill in other areas in the place. They were woefully understaffed. As such, I walked around looking for her and eventually stopped in the ICU area. There, at the nurse's station was a bombshell beauty. Walking up, she looked at me once and I smelt how horny she was. 

"Hey, um, Mina? I'm looking for my mom. She works here."

The nurse Mina was about to say something when I hear my mom calling me. 

"Never mind, there she is," I said before turning to see my mom waving at me from down the hall. I walked briskly down to her. 

"What are you doing here?" she asked. 

"Hadn't seen you, was worried."

She gave me a big hug and this close, I could smell the exhaustion on her. 

"How'd you get here?" she asked. 

"Dana brought me. Went over and asked."

"That was nice of her."

I couldn't tell if my mom was fishing, but her eyes dropped and she gave a big yawn. It was then that I noticed how ruffled her hair was. 

"Do you know when you'll be home?"

"No idea. I've four shifts and get some sleep here and there, but there are just so many sick people."

"You're in the ICU?"

"Yeah. We've had six people come in from what looks like animal attacks. I've been stuck here with a few other nurses, but the only one who sticks around is Mina. Lady looks like she barely works, but she is the hardest worker here."

"How does she keep up the looks?"

My mom gave me the look. The one where she knows I'm about to be a man, but is still uncomfortable with the idea. 

"Hey, at least I didn't say she was hot," I said with a shrug. My mom blushed a bit before sighing. 

"I forget you're growing up. Maybe I leave you home alone too much."

"It's okay mom. I'm fine. Though when you get home, I'll take care of everything so you can relax."

I gave her another hug and she relaxed in my arms. Then her beeper went off. She pushed away from me, said her goodbye and disappeared before I could react. With my own sigh, I walked back down the hall and went to search for Dana. 

"Vance, come up to the sixth floor and go to the office wing," Dana said in our telepathic link. She must have been waiting until after my meeting with my mother to say anything to me. I wondered if she listened in on the conversation. I moved passed the super hot nurse at the nurse's station and went to find an elevator. 

I found the elevators and pressed the call button. That was when I felt eyes on me. Menacing eyes. I looked around and saw few people. Then I spotted the looker. A skinny man leaning against a wall behind some glass. Almost looked like he was trying for the greaser look with his slick backed hair. He was eyeing me and I was tempted to go over and see what his issue was. But as it goes, the ding sounds and the silver doors to my ride opened up. I was glad to step in and find no one inside either. Getting in, I pushed the button to take me up to the sixth floor. 

The doors opened after the ride with a screech, something that made my tug at my right ear. Stepping out, I was actually surprised to find that the lights were mostly off. Every other three was on, giving the floor an ominous feel to it. It made my heart beat with an excitement that was weird. Honestly, the demure atmosphere should have had me worried, but the prospect of something dangerous brought on by Dana had me wanting to hunt her down. I will add, I felt that this hunt was the game. 

My hunt took me through what amounted as a completely deserted floor. I figure that I am welcomed to wander by no one stopping me. There are cameras in corners so the lack of a security guard stopping me allows unfettered access to rooms. I search, sniffing the air trying to find a trace of Dana. Then it occurs to me that I haven't thought about why the lights are dim, why the floor is unpolished, the walls are covered in patches of what looks like primer paint, and there are no railings on the walls. Something I hadn't even paid much attention being it's just one of those things you never think about. 

As I was walking, I heard the sound of a door closing. It perked my ears up. Forced me to run in that direction. I ran, rounded a few corners and then got the scent. From that point, it only took me a few seconds to find Dana. 

Dana was leaning u against a desk with her legs crossed when I walked into the office. There was water on the desk and she was chewing some gum. Her smacking red lips shimmered in the blazing sunlight coming from the window. It is a stark contrast to the barely lit floor and the light isn't even on in the office. 

"Took you long enough," she said, spitting the gum out into her hand and tossing the wad away. I missed where it landed. 

"Yeah, well directions were bad."

We stood there looking at each other for a second and then she spread her legs. My nose forced my eyes to lock onto the pleasantly smelling sex. Her pussy lips were already swollen and the tan skin itself was covered in what looked like a tantalizing glaze of desire. 

"What?" I asked, snapping back to reality when it registered that my mate was talking to me. 

"I asked how you mother was doing," she replied with a giggle. Her legs crossed and opened again. I was assaulted by her intoxicating scent. 

"You sure you want to talk about that right now?" I asked. 

"No, I want your face buried between my legs, but you left the door open."

I grinned at her, a wolfish grin I'm sure and moved to close the office door. 

"You're worried about the door, but not the open window?" I ask as the office door closes with a protesting creak. 

"Who is going to see us up here?"

I turned and looked at her. Or rather tried too. Her flashing sex was distracting as hell as she spread her legs again, but this time a hand dropped down to play to spread her shimmering lips. 

"Helicopter?"

"Oh shut up Vance and get over her and service your queen," she commanded of me. Like a dog going to dive into a pool, I was across the room and burying into the heat between her thighs. Lapping quickly up any of her desire, I was delighted to have found that I had to stop at eating the fruit and lick the addicting sauce of her thighs. I pulled away for a second and looked up into her silvery eyes. 

"How long?"

"Since this morning pup," she said with a sigh. "Now take care of the mess you've made." With a bark cause you know, I wanted to be like that in the moment, I dove right back in. I went to sucking on her lips immediately. Even though I had eaten her out before, mostly so that she got some sort of pleasure while I was human, today her pussy was much more enjoyable. Maybe it was the scene that had been chosen or even more likely as my tongue spread through her hot slit, it had to be the enhanced taste buds. Shoot, as soon as I found her clit, more delicious honey spewed from her. 
