 "Vance."

There was that name again. A woman calling and interrupting my focus. Why did she bother me? Couldn't she it was there in the field? I could. Two ears sticking up. 

It bounced around alert to the possibility of the hunter. The possibility of me? I don't know. Blood pumped through its body and that meant flesh. My claws dug into the earth and I bristled powerful shoulder for the leap. Ol' floppy ear didn't make it. Too late did it register me. Jaws and close and too quickly did its scream of pain end and the blood stop. 

Smacking my lips, I looked to her. My goddess. She who hung in the sky in brightness on a clear night. She enslaved them you know. All the star answered to her call. She may be the light in the night, but they answered the call of her shadow. I howled to her, trying to call her. 

"Vance."

Was that her? No. This voice was familiar and the goddess would never take an interest in such a lowly life as me. So I looked to the other goddess, the one who lived in the forest and allowed the tips of her branched fingers to brush against my sides. That voice again called a few more times, but I ignored it. The perversion in the woods needed to be addressed. 

I sniffed the black of the path, taking in its scent. The smell of gas hung in the air. Pausing, what was gas? Cars used it and rode on this path. With a gleeful bound, I was running along its path, choosing right and later I would go left. 

A deer was next. Damn thing screamed in a glorious way before a glorious ripping turned it into a display of theatrical blood, bones, and sounds. Nothing had ever felt so good and when I looked up from my kill to find myself being watched.

I growled my greeting or was it a warning. Yellow eyes came out of the woods and the other wolf sniffed the air. One step forward was all that is took and I was upon my foe. My teeth once again sunk into flesh and my foe whimpered in pain. Before I knew it, it turned away and left me there alone.

"Vance."

"What?" I responded back to the voice, not too kindly I might add. How dare she keep calling out to me.

"Don't you get rude to me. Where are you?"

"Who are you?"

There was no reply anI moved on from the kill site. I had caught a strange scent. Following it like a moth drawn to a flame, or an addict to a needle, I moved silently through the forest now, stalking up to the thing. 

It was hunched over a familiar scent, tearing into the flesh just like I was without abandon with the deer a few moments ago. The snarls coming from it as it feasted were alien and scary. This monster was not the same as me. 

Run.

The word flashed through me and surged my muscles to obey. The scene was left behind, but whatever it was, it was a monster of extreme measure. So I ran until I was at the creek, but it wasn't far nor fast enough. 

Black and red eyes tackled me in a flash of the attack. It hit me from the front, how could I have run into it. I fought back, of course, flesh ripped and it screamed. I screamed and bones broke with its blows. 

A roar sounded, broke us and it took off. Two more wolves joined me. They smelled nice. Like pleasant honey wafting into my nostrils. One stopped to look at me.

"Vance?"

"Yeah," I responded, coming back from the beast and into myself.

"Thank god," she said or rather telepathically linked. Memories faded into me.

She was my neighbor, my love, my mate. Dan Bates stood in front of me in her full beauty. A woman of the moon and of the forest who had my heart. Her silver eyes gleamed brightly and at that moment, that moment of moonlight dancing in her eyes, I was me again. Also meant that pain decided to visit my entire body at the same time. Tears were in my eyes and before I knew it, werewolf me, was now human again. 

"I forgot how painful the first cycle can be," Dana said to me. I looked up to see her squatting and looking at me. In the corner of my eye was the redhead Aysel. 

"Man, he tore away from us like a bat outta hell. Who would thunk our new Alpha would find the call of the wild more appealing than the call of your wilds."

"I don't know what happened," I said up to Dana. She helped me up and I blushed in my nakedness.

"You really chose a manly one too. Redder than cherry."

"You weren't singing the same tune when my face was buried in yours."

Aysel backed away from me and Dana with a stomp. 

"So that was overwhelming," I said to Dana with a smile.

"Don't use that smile on me. You should be in trouble," she said. 

"I could give you some trouble," I said, " but I have to ask something first, who was the black wolf?"

"Black wolf?"

"You saw him?" Aysel asked running over to us.

"Him?" Dana asked her, brushing her back. My eyes were, of course, more drawn to her breasts, but hey, who could blame me. Dana wearing clothes meant looking at a sensual woman that hid her curves behind thick sweaters and khaki pants. But man, she id herself justice wearing clothes and being naked. Not to mention her more fun attributes that came out when her inner monster did. Have I mentioned that she has more than two breasts? Big ones nice and firm. 

"Yeah, I thought it was just me. A completely black wolf with blood red eyes."

"What does it mean?" I asked. 

The two of them looked at me. Aysel was the one to answer. 

"Well, there are different types of wolves. You are an Alpha. Dana, before she met you, I was regressing into a feral, but now she is just a regular one like me. I was an omega, an exile turning to feral. Then there exists a wolf that is corrupted. A Darkenwolf. This may be one of those and if it is, we should kill it fast."

"Well, it took off when you two showed up," I said. The both of them laughed and I felt removed from a joke in which I was the punchline. 

"If it is a Drakenwolf, that means it's a newborn one and fairly weak. As time goes, though, they do tend to get stronger and fast."

"They that dangerous?"

"Kind of. They go with a legend, but I don't know it," Aysel said looking to Dana. Dan shrugged and stood up. I joined her.

"So what now?"

"Now young one, we get you home. Hopefully, your mother didn't check your room. It's almost dawn," Aysel said.

Dana looked at me and I knew the conversation. Aysel had started off with trying to kill me earlier in the night until she was stopped by Dana. 

Then the two of them colluded together to get me to change. Now all that was up for debate is how Aysel would fit into the pack.

"What about you?" I asked and her head cocked in response.

"What about me?"

"You have to stay with Dana. Drakenwolf and all. Wouldn't want to lose one of the hottest pieces of ass the world has ever seen."

"Dana, you picked a flatterer."

"I know. You should see what he do when he sets his mind to something," Dana responded and I blushed with the insinuation. 

"Hey now, still here."

"Yes, you are Vance. I'll be by sometime to find out too."

At that the three of us headed back home. We weren't very far from my house. Dana showed me how to sneak up the side of my house and into my room after she took Aysel inside. In my room, our conversation started on that point. 

"So what are you going to do about Rem and the other one?"

"Nothing. Rem was wounded by Aysel and no doubt Chrissie is with him."

"So two problems solved for now. I'm not going to have to sleep with Rem am I?"

Dana laughed and I hushed her. The both of entangled on the bed. 

"No, he will just pledge to you."

"Okay, so I changed."

"So you did."

We sat in silence. I was hoping my hint to her would be taken up. My eagerness to learn more about my mate was eating away at me. She had withheld telling me about herself in fear that infecting me to become a werewolf would kill me. It was an attempt to protect herself and her friends.

"How old are you?" I asked. 

"All things you could ask me, that's what you want to know?"

You know, her silver eyes have this way of making my heart skip literal beats. 

"I wanted to start with why you chose the teenage boy next door as a savior, but I know why. What is important to me is knowing you." She shifted around and everything was quiet again. Maybe it was more than the prospect of losing me. 

"Vance, I'm thirty-two."

"Whoa, not as old as I expected."

"You ass," she said. I shushed her and laughed a bit. 

"I'm joking."

"I know," she said with a sigh and her hands roamed over my body.

"We can't really do that you know. My mom is going to be sore at me sleeping in."

"All day huh? That's good. We'll have to get the other two into the pack at night anyways. Your mother and all."

I nodded.

"Birthplace?"

"Do you want my whole story, Vance?"

"Yeah."

"Why?"

"Aren't we mates? I should know about you. I myself wasn't born here in suburbs of North Carolina. I was born up in Montana."

"Colorado in the woods."

"That wasn't so hard was it?"

"I don't know, seems to be pretty hard."

A hand wrapped around my dick, which, yeah, when did that happen? Then I realized how relaxed I felt. Must be her smooth leg hooked across my body. 

"Want to take care of it?"

"I would love too, but not when your mom might hear us. We still have to have our romp alone, and Vance, I expect to be well and claimed. Also, when we get to, we may need to be outdoors."

I laughed and we kissed. She whispered into my ear about getting some sleep and left after that. I fell into sleep quickly and awoke to my mom standing over me. 

"What?" I said, blinking through my grogginess.

"You slept all day. Just wanted to tell you dinner is on the counter and you have some explaining to do when I get home."

I grumbled out an apology and my mother left. Seems everyone was leaving me. Getting up, I headed to the food and found myself happily enjoying a steak. Seemed my mother was in a mood. She only cooked meat when she was. Felt like a terrible son at that moment. Past few weeks, we had spent little time together. 

"Cheer up," Dana said through our telepathic link. 

"I forgot about that," I thought to myself. 

"You shouldn't it makes conversation easier."

"You can hear me?"

"Yes, and hurry up and shower. Kristen and Rem are here. Kristen is freaking out over Aysel and I am doing everything to keep her at bay."

"Alright, give me a few."

Ten minutes later, I was in the living room and meeting Kristen. Where a shower had made me feel refreshed, the small petite blonde had immediately dispelled that. Aysel had been cowering in a corner while Kristen was screaming at her when I walked in. Soon as I had walked into the situation, all of Kristen's attention had been diverted to me. 

With a snarl, she had lunged across the room towards me in what looked like an intent on killing. Heck, she was well on her way to that as claws ripped through the fabric of my shirt. Rem appeared out of nowhere and pulled her away. The both of them disappeared into the house with Rem holding Kristen. 

"What the hell?" I yelled. 

Aysel tore past me with a look of anger on her face. A door slammed making me wince. 

"You handled that well," Dana said walking up behind me and wrapping her arms around my chest. 

"What the hell was that all about?"

"Kristen is acting out of instinct. You're gonna have to fix that ASAP."

"What does that mean?"

"Better get it up, you have to fuck her into submission."

"I'm beginning to think all that being a werewolf is just sex."

Her chest moved with a laugh. 

"It isn't but there are rules."

"Won't Rem be pissed?"

"About?"

"Isn't she his girl?"

"Not exactly. In a pack, everyone is your girl unless you allow it otherwise."

"Oh," I said. Being a leader was actually more like a dictator it sounded like. 

"So what about him?"

"Rem?" she asked before turning me around. I stared into her silver eyes. "He would love the permission. There is love there, but they couldn't be together before."

"Let me see him."

Dana led em through the house and I marveled again at the painting she had on her walls. I remarked about them and she just smiled at me before leading me to Rem. He was in a room, that was bare except a lone bed. 

"Good luck," Dana giving me a kiss.

"Vance," he said in greeting. His body was turned to me. 

"Hey Rem," I said. There was tension in the air.

"You okay?" 

"Sure, I mean now I'm a werewolf and an Alpha, which is all new, but now I am trying to deal with the tasks set out for me."

"Building a pack."

"Yeah, so what about you?"

"I'm nervous."

Those words surprised me. A few days ago I was terrified of him. Rem was not only a tall guy, but he was built too. With sandy brown hair and brown eyes, Rem was a walking dream. 

"Why?"

"Well, of what is to happen with me?"

"You're not staying?"

"You saying I can join the pack?"

"Of course man, but I came to talk to you about Kristen. Seems if she is to join, I have to um, claim her."

"I know how it works Vance."

"Is it what you want?"

"For her to live, yes."

He smiled at me, but there was sadness in his eyes. I sighed.

"Dana told me you two were in love. When I'm asking if its okay Rem, it's to ask you for permission to induct your girl."

"My girl?"

"Yeah man. If I can do this, I don't care what you guys do."

"You're serious? This isn't just an empty promise?"

"Rem, you could have torn me apart twice now. You knew, hid it and even allowed me to live before I fully changed. Way I look at it, I owe you but more so because I'd like to think I'm a decent guy."

"What if you like her too much?"

"Never occurred to me. Plus I got Dana, what do I need more than one for?"

"Well, I keep Kristen off your hands, but until you find a mate for Aysel, she'll be at you as much as Dana. That's why I worry. Alphas get a free pass for a harem."

"Oh," I said. A harem. What a cool idea. Though I meant it for Rem and Kristen.

"It's a yes Vance."

"Cool man and I'm sorry for having to do this. I don't know what's going on yet, but if it helps."

"While you induct her, I'll talk to Dana about the lack of details."

He stepped forward and offered his hand. I took it and we shook like men. Cool fact, Adonis wolf's hand didn't crush mine like I thought it would. Instead, I was able to meet his firm grip with confidence. 

"Kristen is in the room next door. Word of advice, slam her up against a wall, she will do less damage to you."

"You sound as if I'm going to rape her."

"All the way up till you put your dick into her. Once that happens, she will beg you for it."

Crap and double crap. So I was essentially going to have to assault a woman who was rightfully going to be kicking my ass the entire time until we actually had sex. I'm not even convinced the sex would be welcomed on my part. 

We parted and I headed to the room Kristen was in. The door locked from the outside, but I was sure that wouldn't stop anyone from getting out. Even as my hand wrapped around the I could hear her growling at me. Fuck. Opening the door and going in, I closed it behind me expecting Kristen to attack me.

She didn't. Instead, the blond had her back up against the wall opposite of me. A look of terror was on her face and her bare chest heaved. Kristen wasn't bad looking but she wasn't stacked, like Dana. Aysel was better looking too. None of these details were helping me and so I swore before holding my hands up.

"Look, I don't want to do this either, but Rem wants it and you want him right?"

She growled at me, baring her teeth. With a sigh and a limp dick, I moved towards her. Kristen's persona changed from one of being a cornered cat to one of attack. She was in my arms and snapping teeth at my throat before I knew what to do. What I ended up doing was following Rem's advice. 

Struggling with and walking, I forced her away from me until she dropped to the floor. With speed, she scrambled up and I managed to push her up against the wall.

"Fuck you," she screamed at the wall, but I knew it was for me. It did nothing to lighten the mood. Kristen continued screaming obscenities. 

"You're really bad at this," Dana said, suddenly calling my attention away from Kristen through our link.

"No idea what to do," I said. 

"Can't get it up?" she asked and I could hear the amusement in her voice. AS if sensing the same thing, Kristen herself, began calling attention to my limpness. "Just think about my big breasts, Vance."

"Not working. Doing something like this is against my better nature."

"Doing this is your better nature. You're saving her and Rem too."

"I know, but what can I do?"

"Have you thought about what claiming me is going to be like?"

I hadn't really. Not going to lie, thought that the change was going to kill me. Now that I was on the other side, I hadn't really thought about it. "I can understand that Vance, but remember, we can actually have sex now. No worries of me changing and ripping you apart. We can do it as long and as often as you like now. I'll even cum too. I've been thinking about it nonstop. If only you could be with me right now, you'd see and smell how wet I am for you."

My mind went to an image of her squatting but her legs spread wide like a butterfly. I knew how she smelled but I thought of her telling me to come taste it. just like that, my problem solved itself and before anything could go awry with that, I prepared to finish my chore. 

Using my feet, I used them to spread her legs. She screamed and twisted even more in desperation. It took a lot of skill and strength to keep Kristen in the position and to even get myself into position. 

"You ready?"

"I'm going to kill you," she screamed at me. 

With a shrug, I put the head of my cock against her lips. She stopped moving and I realized this was the precipice. If I slide it home, this was done, if not, it would be a continual struggle. With a shove, we both sighed as my scepter of saving slid thankfully home until my waist cupped her butt. 

"Is that better?"

"Yes," she said with a deep breath and shudder. "What's your name?"

"Vance."

"Vance, I'm sorry. It's been a long time."

"Since?"

"I've been with an Alpha. I was getting close to being feral"

"I've heard."

"Do you want to stop?"

"What? No. You have to finish and so do I for the spell to complete."

"You okay with that?"

"Yes, I need it."

Her pussy tightened, emphasizing her words. 

"Alright then. After we are done, you and Rem can be together."

"Really?" she said with excitement in her voice.

"Yeah. All yours. So let's get this done."

I wasted no more time. With a deep breath, I began in earnest turning out her tight pussy. She wasn't lying when she said it had been awhile. 

"Damn Vance, you got a permit for that thing?"

"All the better to-" wait, I've made this joke before, but my thought was interrupted when Kristen let out a long and deep moan of pleasure. For me, the velvety vice around my dick began pulsating in tighter squeezes. It took me a moment to realize that the she-wolf was cumming. I thought her moan was just a normal one but what clued me in was how oily her pussy got as it lubricated itself heavily and suddenly on my cock. 

"Have you cum yet," she asked after finishing.

"Not yet."

"Good, I need more."

On cue, I began again this time, really enjoying myself. 

"Damn it, boy, harder," she yelled. 

"I give it to you any harder, I'm going to drive you through the wall," I yelled back. There was a grunt in reply. Eventually, it wasn't enough for me. I don't know when the switch flipped, but all of a sudden a powerful emotion boiled in the pit of my stomach. A snap sounded and before 

I knew it, a growl sounded from my lips. 

"Oh harder," Kristen cried out at the top of her lungs. I howled with her, the sound synchronizing. It crescendoed and then that is when my orgasm boiled out of my nuts. My cock erupted in what must have been a monsoon of cum. I felt the spurt and the second immediately blew out of her cunt. Every subsequent throb of my cock sent another jet of bubbling cum into her greedy cunt and shooting past my dick. When it was finished, I fell to the floor trying to understand the unfamiliar intensity of the orgasm. 
