 Demons exist.

Most of the world does not know it yet, but they do. They look human enough, from a distance, until you see the horns on the sides of their heads. They are unnaturally beautiful, all of them. The women have luscious, curvy bodies, and the men have lean, elegantly defined muscles, and inhumanly long, thick cocks. Some of the women have those, too. We know all of this because their bodies are always on display.

They say they come in peace, but are we stupid enough to believe that?

And they can do magic. They won't share the details of their power, except to those initiated - humans who wish to be transformed into demons. No normal humans know the details, but some say they get their powers through the wild sex they're always having.

Which leads us to the issue at hand.

"They'll know something is up with us if we don't attend tonight," Kima said. She paced by the door, arms folded across her chest, one finger twirling her red hair.

Giva punched the wall. "Dammit! How did intelligence miss this one?" It was true - a holiday this important to the demons should have come up before, but it wasn't in any of the information we'd gotten about the demons' calendar.

I sat with my head in my hands, trying to think. Any human aspiring to demonic transformation would jump at the chance to attend one of the demons' grand festivals. These were, essentially, massive orgies where all of the demons would attend and fuck like crazy, all night.

The problem was, we weren't really trying to become demons. We were spies.

The five of us had trained with an anti-demon organization for years, and we had finally been chosen to go and infiltrate demon society. We were to pose as humans eager to study for demonic initiation. The one most important rule that we were not to break is to not let the demons convince us to have sex with them. It's possible that their seed could start a human on the path to transformation - once it's in you, nothing can stop it. Or worse - it might kill you, or turn you into a mind-controlled slave. None of us knew.

We had been living in the demon world for a week so far, half of the length of our mission. Our choices were this - go to the festival, engage in such activities, and put ourselves at their mercy... or give up on our mission, go home, and hope they don't try to trap us on the way out.

We sat in our room, pre-initiate's quarters, debating our options.

"I don't see what the big deal is," Siro said. "We have anti-magic bracelets, don't we?"

"Their sex magic might be able to bust through even that," Kima said. She stopped pacing and looked to the bed, where her girlfriend, Yuna, sat trembling. Yuna was always shy - it was bizarre that they'd allowed her to come, but Kima wouldn't go without her. Kima swore she could handle the mission, but none of us had expected this.

"It'll be okay," she said, holding Yuna's hand. "No one is going to force you to do anything,"

"Yeah," Siro said, "The demons don't ever force anyone." He also leaned against the wall by the door.

"That's true," I said, thinking it over. "We probably wouldn't be the first ones to go and then be too scared to participate at our first festival."

"That's your plan?" Kima asked.

"It does seem like a good idea," Siro said. "Yuna could stay behind and say she's sick-"

"And what if they come here to drag her there?" Kima said. "If she goes, I go."

"I'll go, too, then," Siro said, "And Yulio." That was me. I nodded. "Giva, you stay behind, in case they do..." he didn't want to finish that sentence. Giva nodded.

I looked out the window. The sun was beginning to set. The festival would begin soon. And after that... would I ever get to see the sky again?

(Kima)

I insisted that Yuna and I be taken for preparation together. The demons dressed themselves for the festival, but since we were new, one of the demons supervising us helped us. Yuna and I met with the demon that had been supervising us. Her name was Shuri, and, well... she was insanely beautiful. It was always so distracting how pretty they were - the demons used their magic to enhance their appearances, smoothing their skin and growing or shrinking whichever parts of them they wanted to. They also had perfect hair. Shuri's was red, a more copper shade than mine. She wasn't much taller than either of us, but she stood tall. She liked wearing a bright leaf green, like Yuna always did. I had always dreamed of what Yuna might look like if I could get her to be more confident, to stand taller, and maybe grow her hair out. That vision of her matched Shuri exactly - minus the horns. Shuri's were cream-colored and curled almost elegantly behind her ears.

When we met her that night, she led us into a corridor of the pre-initiates' hall that we had never been to. My heart beat faster as we walked. I looked at Yuna. She was nervous, too - probably more than I was. I reached out and held her hand. She shuddered at my touch at first, then took my hand, realizing it was just me.

Shuri walked ahead of us, apparently oblivious to how nervous we were. Good, I thought. Let her miss that.

She stopped in front of a large, metal door, turned, and smiled at us. "Are you ready?" she asked.

My heart sped up even more, if that were possible. I wanted to scream "No! I'm not ready and I'll never be! Let me out of here!" ... but the mission... I gulped and followed.

Shuri opened the door. Inside was a large bath. The central tub was bordered with ornate gold tile. The floor, walls, and columns were all covered with beautifully designed tiles that glimmered in the light of the sunset - there were large windows on all of the walls, and the ceiling was one large skylight.

The door we had come in through was a small one to the side - this wasn't a bath for pre-initiates, but for full demons.

I turned to Shuri, but then stopped short. She had already undressed, and had begun undressing Yuna. I started to say something, then I realized we were in a bath - what did I expect? Yuna didn't seem to have a problem with it.

I took off my clothes as well, and the three of us got into the water. As we slid in, Yuna looked at me. I blinked, and looked away, feeling my cheeks heat... though was probably just the heat of the bath. I realized how little we'd been nude around each other before. Even when we showered together after training, there had never been more between us that way than with any of the other girls in our classes. We had never so much as taken our tops off or felt under each others' skirts when we were kissing.

Yuna was beautiful nude - almost as beautiful as Shuri, who had demon magic on her side.

Shuri seemed to notice me looking, but she didn't say anything - she just smiled, knowingly. I knew I was blushing now - but it could just be the heat of the bath.

Shuri picked up a cloth and a bottle of cleansing oil and waded towards us. I held out my hand to take the cloth, but she pulled it back, sticking her chest out towards me. She shook her head with a playful smile. "That's my job." She held out her other hand to take mine. I looked at Yuna. She seemed glad to have me go first. I swallowed and took Shuri's hand.

Yuna watched as she soaked the cloth and used it to pour water over my body. The water felt good. I clenched my teeth.

Shuri filled the cloth with the scented oil and ran it down my back, with her arms around either side of me. She brushed it up the backs of my thighs. Her face was level with my stomach and I could feel her breath against my skin. She let the cloth linger at the base of my bottom. I knew I must have been bright red. I couldn't turn to look at Yuna.

I felt the cloth come around to my front, as Shuri wiped up my body, lingering around my breasts. I'd been afraid of that. I felt the cloth brush against my nipples - she didn't press, but even so...

"Alright," she said. I blinked. That was done. I sighed in relief. "Don't worry," she said, "You'll get more later." She winked. I looked away.

I gave Yuna privacy as she was bathed, though Shuri tried to entice me to watch. Afterwards, we were taken to be dressed. "Now, don't think you're going to get away with the simplest clothes possible anymore," she said. "I have something special picked out for both of you."

She had us stand on either side of a folding screen. On my side, there was just a small basket. I could see red silk in it - definitely not enough to cover my body sufficiently. I gulped.

Shuri came in and began to dress me, if you could call it that. First, she took a piece of the silk and draped it low around my waist, as a very small loincloth. I felt it shift against my body. My breathing sped up. I had never felt anything like this before... I had definitely never worn anything like this before. Shuri fastened the fabric with a gold brooch, then she looped strings of crystal and pearl beads around my waist, over it.

She held my arms from behind me, and admired me in the mirror. I started to speak, but she cut in. "Don't worry, I haven't forgotten," she said. She pulled out another piece of silk, and wrapped it around my chest, twisting it once in the middle, bringing it under my arms, and tying it behind my back, just enough to cover my breasts. No, not even that - it was so flimsy you could see right through it, especially with my nipples like this. "You look so gorgeous," she almost purred into my ear. I swear I started shaking at that moment. She gave me more necklaces, and pinned ornaments into my hair, with dangling strings of beads between them.

"You look amazing," she told me. I just nodded, half-mindedly.

The problem was, she was right.

I never would have thought to dress like this. Once we're out of here, I thought, I'll have to have some sort of special night with Yuna where we...

No, that wouldn't do. What was I thinking? She was probably traumatized by all of this. And if the leadership of the organization were to find out...

Shuri had gone to dress Yuna. I turned away from the mirror and tried to get those thoughts out of my mind.

"Alright," Shuri said, when she was done with Yuna. She told us to face away from the screen as she pulled it away. "Turn around!"

I did so, and gasped.

I had never seen anything so beautiful as Yuna was at that moment, dressed like I was, in a light green silk loincloth, and sheer barely-there silk over her breasts. She never dressed to show off, and she never showed that much skin. I always knew she would look amazing, and my feelings were confirmed. Every inch of her was beautiful. The jewelry draped over her head, across her chest, and down over her stomach made her look so sophisticated, like a princess. The soft silk between her legs looked so sensual, it made me want to hold her and make love to her right then.

To do things to her - with her - like we never had...

I stopped, remembering where we were. I saw Yuna look at me, and I saw her expression sober as well - her thoughts followed the same path as mine, as they often did.

"What's wrong, you two?" Shuri said, putting her arms over our shoulders. "You look gorgeous! And you're going to have so much fun tonight!" She led us out of the dressing room. "Isn't this exciting? Your first festival! It's almost good you missed the smaller one this week, because this one is going to be amazing!"

Yuna and I looked at each other. She blushed and smiled at me a bit. "I... I'm glad I can get to see you dressed like this, Kima," she said. "You look beautiful."

I blushed. I couldn't tell her to remember the mission, not in front of Shuri.

The boys met us by the door of the building for pre-initiates. I was amazed. I didn't know Siro and Yulio had the bodies to look so good in tiny loincloths. But they did - Yulio in blue, Siro in purple. Both were skinny, but very handsome. Siro was short, dark skinned but blond, and almost girly, while Yulio was taller, an intellectual, brooding sort. Both boys had strings of crystal beads in their hair and around their necks and waists, like us. Both of them wore their hair long, but usually tied back in austere ponytails. Now, both had their hair loose, beautiful over their shoulders, with bits braided and beaded. The shapes of their cocks could be seen through their loincloths. Yulio folded his arms across his chest, tried to cross his legs, and looked away, blushing a bit. Siro seemed like he was almost... enjoying this?

We stepped out of the door, and gasped. The streets were full of demons dressed like us, but more elaborately. Some wore shimmering body paint, and most wore even more jewelry. Their horns, which could be hidden, were on full display, and strings of beads hung from those as well. Most of the women had their breasts visible, though many wore jewelry or harness-like tops that covered nothing. Many of the demon men, long-haired and adorned as well, proudly displayed hardening cocks, loincloths tossed to the side or draped over. I had forgotten how many of the female demons had cocks, too, but I saw now that it was more common than I had previously thought.

I gasped. I should have been horrified or scared, but the beauty of it all just had me amazed.

I heard a voice calling in our direction, and turned. It was Yuphya, Shuri's girlfriend. We had met her before, in our lessons, but we had never seen her like this.

She wore a band around her chest, under her breasts, like a Greek goddess. Around her waist were strings of pearls, and a shimmery, light purple loincloth... which did nothing to hide her massive cock. I gasped. I hadn't known...

She came right towards me and grinned. There were pearls and crystals in her long, curly, rosy hair as well. "Impressive, isn't it?"

"Huh?" I said.

"My cock!" she grinned. I blushed and jerked back.

"Don't go freaking them out like that, darling," Shuri told her. I turned. Behind her, Siro and Yulio tried to hide their gaping. Yuna looked... mystified and...? I blinked, and grabbed her hand. She seemed to catch herself then.

"Don't worry. I'm here," I said, quietly, so that the two demons wouldn't hear.

"R-right..." She didn't seem comforted.

As we made our way to the ceremonial pavilion, I noticed a lot of the demons were looking at us.

"See how excited they are?" Yuphya said. "They can't wait to pleasure you." To pleasure us? Really? Like I'd believe that. They couldn't wait to feast on us, was more likely.

Still... they all looked so happy. Outside, a lot of them were already hugging and kissing each other. I saw a pair standing with their eyes closed, one behind the other, the back one kissing his partner's cheek lightly - I couldn't tell if the shorter one was male or female, since so many of the men looked soft and lovely like girls, and so many of the women had cocks. Oddly enough, it didn't seem to matter. These two seemed happier and more peaceful than I had ever seen humans. Another demon ran up and kissed the smaller one, and he - I think - stepped forward and deepened the kiss - and his other lover smiled even more, and hugged the two kissing demons.

If they were human, they'd be killing each other over that boy - was that really better than this?

We went inside. The festival had already begun and many of the participants had begun touching each other on the various couches and lounges spread around the hall. The furniture seemed to be velvet, in luscious jewel tones that went so well with the jewelry and silks everyone wore. Matching curtains hung from the high ceilings, and although there were columns and spaces, decorated with tiles like in the bath, nothing seemed to be a private space - everyone was to make love out in the open.

What were we supposed to do now?

"I, uhhh..." Yulio started. "I think I'll stay to the side for now. Just... to get acclimated, you know." He stepped back, against a column.

Shuri smiled at him. "Okay, but don't miss out for too long. Trust me... you'll have fun!"

I looked at him. He was blushing a bit and looking down. His body was tense, but with all that exposed muscle, draped with gold and crystals, he looked so sensual. The way his loincloth draped between his legs, accenting his thigh muscles, the way his cock would push the fabric aside as it gradually hardened - I blinked. Was I just thinking about his cock?

Yuphya grabbed Siro. "And you?" she asked.

"I... I think I'll join in," he said. Yulio and I both gasped at him. Yuphya squealed in delight. "Perfect!"

"I will too," Yuna said. I turned sharply to look at her. "I... I mean..." she stuttered.

"Yuna..." I said softly. What was going on here?

She looked at me - she knew that saying it would mean our doom, so she didn't, but it was in her face. "I'm sorry - I know we were supposed to resist but..."

"It's alright," Shuri said, "We'll be gentle with you." She picked Yuna up and carried her in her arms.

"Wait!" I said. She turned. I moved my mouth, trying to think of what to say. What had come over her? All I knew was that I needed to protect her. "I-I'll... go with you."

Yuphya hopped from side to side, clapping her hands excitedly. "Perfect!" she said.

"Kima..." Yulio said.

"Don't worry," I told him, "We won't get..."

"And don't you stay out on the sides too long," Shuri said to Yulio. He looked up and blushed. "Come have fun with us. You'll have to at some point, you know," He nodded.

I looked over at Siro as I followed the other girls. Two demons, one male and one female, had carried him over to a couch and started to stroke his thighs. His cock was almost fully hard under his loincloth. They kissed the sides of his face, and he seemed to want to kiss them back. His hands sat on their thighs, moving slightly towards their cocks, also hard. A demon passed by with a tray of tea. I took one and drank it. I saw Yulio do the same where he stood, by the door.

Shuri and Yuphya had Yuna on a round, tufted velvet couch, too, stroking her thighs and petting her breasts through her top. I went to join them. I sat about a two feet away, on Yuphya's side. Her cock twitched under her loincloth, hard against her thigh. What is that like, I wondered. Having a cock...

She seemed to sense my gaze, and winked at me. I looked away. What was I even -

"Come join us!" she said.

I tried to give her a smile, as I waved no, but then I looked at Yuna. She moaned under their caresses.

I breathed in sharply.

I didn't want to just stand there. I wanted to be the one loving her, caressing her, making her moan like that... but just not here. Anywhere but here.

"Kima..." Yuna moaned. I opened my mouth. Yuphya moved over to let me sit between them.

I froze. What was I doing?

Shuri looked at me, as she ran her hand even further up the inside of Yuna's thigh. So close to her most delicate parts...

Yuna opened her eyes and looked right at me. And she smiled.

Her smile crashed through everything.

That's when I knew... she wanted this. All day, she hadn't been scared. She'd been excited. Turned on.

That's what made me realize it. The thing that had been there all day. Glowing, burning. Flickering there. Pulling at me. Telling me, but I wouldn't listen. But now I couldn't not hear it.

The truth. The truth was that... I wanted it too.

I felt my mouth open. There it was.

Everything I'd been thinking. That's what it really was.

But how... why... Everything I'd known... worked for...

That could wait. I breathed in, and smiled despite myself. And I went to take my seat between them.

As I sat down, Yuna grabbed me and kissed me, more passionately than she ever had before. Her hand rushed straight to my thigh and under my loincloth. I gasped. She knew exactly how to touch me and where. She had probably done this when she was alone. I never had. Looking back, I don't know why I had never thought to.
