 Ashta sucks the mojito through a short straw while looking around the lounge from her barstool, trying to be discreet. Already she watched Bab leave with a miner, passing the bar as they walked up the wide stairway. Soon after, Olao had the muscular arm of a tall and large Kormaktian trader around her as they took the same path to the stairs. Ashta finished her drink when she observed the trio of blonds she noticed earlier accompanied the man they were entertaining to the stairs.

"They're clones." Bruuku states.

"I'm sorry." Ashta looks to the four-armed barmaid.

"The Jennys." Bruuku points to the three blond look-a-likes with her upper right hand while cleaning a glass with both of her lower hands. "They're love-clones. Created by the Galatea Agency."

Before inquiring more about the love-clones, Ashta notices another beautiful woman coming down the stairs. A blue-skinned Zausacian in a gold loose-fitting, low-cut, low-neckline scapular with a hood over her head, also wearing numerous necklaces, arm bands, bracelets, thigh bands and an ankle bracelet. As the blue woman in gold moves to the bar, Ashta spots the gold-ink tattoos of alien symbols on her exposed skin. Ashta quickly faces away from the blue woman, getting close to the bar.

"Water, please." The blue girl in gold requests to Bruuku.

Ashta keeps her sight in front of her in hope not to engage her.

"Hello, I don't think I've seen you here before." The blue girl greets with a smile.

"I'm just passing through." Ashta replies with a brief glance.

"I'm Sister Andromeda Summerbreeze." She introduces herself.

"Ashta." Ashta politely does the same.

Facing Ashta, Andromeda pulls down her hood, revealing the white circles around her yellow-black eyes, allowing her fiery red to flow as if she walks against a gentle wind.

"So, what business do you have here?" Andromeda asks, leaning forward to Ashta. "Someone as beautiful as you wouldn't be here for sex."

"She's Antonia's guest, Andromeda." Bruuku warns, handing over a glass of water.

"I'm simply doing the sacred duties as a priestess of my order and as a companion for my place of work." Andromeda replies to Bruuku as she accepts the glass and looks back at Ashta. "I can embrace with women as well as men."

"Thank you. I'll keep that in mind." Ashta says.

"May his divine Maajis smile upon you." Andromeda says before leaving.

Ashta watches Andromeda walk to the busy lounge, immediately greeting a Perakian male with a bulky breathing apparatus.

"Very friendly." Ashta utters. "Did she call herself a priestess? In an order?"

"Yeah, but her order isn't the kind that does Sunday services." Bruuku answers.

Ashta decides not to further the conversation and simply focus on her drink. A few minutes after her second, a portly man with black hair in a brown overcoat sits at the end of the bar. Ashta pays no mind to him, seeing him as just another male customer about to spend his credits for time with a companion, not worth her attention.

But a minute later, Ashta's attention is captured by the sight of a strange humanoid woman approaching the bar from the hallway near the stairs. Her skin is black as obsidian with haunting green-black eyes. Her arms, legs and waist are more slander than that any other human female. The clothes she wears is a green half-shirt, covering her modestly-sized breasts and a pink lace thong. With every step from the obsidian woman to the bar, Ashta notices and the ribbed ridge going from her arched eyebrows up the middle of her head.

Ashta could not help but find this humanoid woman incredibly alluring, but at the same time...completely terrifying.

"Brannen." The obsidian woman calls to the portly man.

Brannen turns on his stool to eagerly face the frightening exotica woman.

"Zora." Brannen says with relief.

"I expected you here twenty minutes ago." Zora states with a raspy voice.

"I'm...I'm sorry, Zora." Brannen apologizes. "There was delay at the metro-loop, so I had to..."

Brannen's explanation is abruptly ceased when Zora quickly spurts six appendages from her back, pointing at him. The appendages are black, long and thin. Like the legs of a spider. Ashta nearly falls off her seat.

"You know I keep a tight schedule." Zora sternly states. "I have other customers that pay for my time. Customers that are punctual."

"Hey, not in the lounge, Zora!" Bruuku yells.

Zora hisses at Bruuku for a few seconds. Ashta feels an intense chill running down her spine.

"Do you have my creds?" Zora asks Brannen.

"Yes, always." Brannen answers.

"Go to my room. I'll be there shortly." Zora instructs. "When I get there, I better see my money on the table and you completely naked, including your med-info bracelet. Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress." Brannen answers.

Zora steps back as her appendages withdraw from Brannen, allowing him to practically jump off his stool and hurry down the hallway. Zora waits for her customer to leave her sight before she saunters behind him.

"Is that man actually paying to have sex with...whatever that is?" Ashta questions Bruuku.

"That was Zora from Kli'tu." Bruuku explains. "And, yes, Brannen is one of her regulars."

"I have to admit, she looks like something from a nightmare, but I can't...

"Help but find her attractive. Zora has that effect on some people. The perfect mix of beauty and terror. I'm glad she's the only one of her planet on A4. I'd hate to see if there was more of her."

Ashta tries not to think the arachnoid-woman's homeworld to stop another spine-chill. Fortunately for her, she is distracted as she spots a reptilian humanoid woman descending from the stairs in a red leather corset with a matching skirt that only can cover her ass and black stilettos. At first glance, Ashta thought the woman to be Talakan but notices the scales of her body to be a darker shade of green and the back of her head tappers upward and splits into two horn-like features, attributes of an Omtiaran, giving Ashta some relief.

The reptilian woman in red leather walks to the bar. Ashta looks away and quietly tends to her drink, feeling she already made too many inquiries.

"Bruuku, a glass of bluesand water, please." The reptilian woman orders. "With lemon."

Bruuku gives a nod of acknowledgement and in less than a minute hands over the tall glass of blue liquid with a slice of lemon on the rim.

The Omtiaran slams down her drink in one gulp. She takes the lemon slice and tosses it in the air above her. She flicks her long and fast tongue at the slice, retrieving it into her mouth in a second, swallowing it. Ashta nearly drops her glass.

"I could watch you do that all day." A husky male voice from behind Ashta says.

Ashta discreetly looks over her shoulder to see an Omtiaran man in a black-grey long coat and a cybernetic right eye approaches the bar. Next to him is a human woman with pale white skin and purple hair in a black jacket over a white half-shirt with shiny black leather pants and black boots. Ashta keeps her head down but observes the situation with the Omtiarans from the corner of her eye.

"Good evening, Nok." The female Omtiaran turns to smile and greet. "I'm glad to see you back so soon."

"Even if you weren't the only Omtiaran woman in the outer sectors, Saril, I'd still be back." Nok replies with grin, before placing her hand in Saril's arm, immediately going up and taking hold of her neck. "Ah, to feel your scales again."

"You know the rules here, Nok." Bruuku interjects. "No touching before payment."

"It's okay, Bruuku. He's good for it." Saril assures as she gently holds Nok's hand and extends her long tongue to lick he's forearm. "So, an hour?"

"Maybe two." Nok grins.

Nok wraps his arm around Saril's waist as they both depart from the bar to the stairway, leaving his associate behind without a word. As the purple-haired girl leans in on the bar near Ashta, the dragon tattoo on the shaved side of her head is noticed.

"What will it be, Kaza?" Bruuku asks the purple-haired girl.

"A double black hole gimlet on the rocks, quadie." Kaza rudely makes her order. "And whatever she's having." Kaza looks to Ashta.

A surprised Ashta faces Kaza, smiling at her. "Thank you, but I'm already on my second."

"Maybe you'll be more relaxed on the third." Kaza says, leaning closer at Ashta. "So, how much for an hour?"

"I'm sorry, I don't work here." Ashta says.

"I didn't ask if you work here." Kaza states, taking hold of Ashta's chin. "I asked how much to fuck you."

"Back off, Kaza." Bruuku warns, holding out Kaza's drink. "She's a guest of Antonia's."

"So, you don't work here yet." Kaza takes her drink without looking away from Ashta. "Maybe I should find Jazmin. She does have a tasty cooch."

Kaza blows a kiss to Ashta as she steps back and walks to the lounge. Ashta slowly looks over her surroundings, considering her situation. It is obvious to Ashta that Madam Antonia brought her here to work as a companion, offering sex to human and aliens alike for a profit. A decision Ashta knows she has yet to make. Another option she considers is paying for her drink and leaving the brothel to take her chances on the streets of Port Juno.

"Another mojito?" Bruuku asks. "I'll charge it to Kaza."

"No, thanks. I'm done." Ashta declines, lifting up her carry bag. "I'll pay for my drinks, if that's okay."

Ashta opens her carry bag and searches for a small, dark blue velvet draw-string sack containing the Talakan cred-notes she earned. She goes through the few items she owns, her two shirts, her only pair of socks, her two bras, her three panties (two synth-cotton, one lace) and her cut-off shorts.

But no sack.

Ashta start to panic as she franticly rummages through her bag, desperate to retrieve her money. Unable to find the sack, her eyes widen with despair. She thinks back to when she last saw her currency, which back on the Muuz'k, adding the cred-notes she earned after her session with Ulg't to the sack before leaving the ship, only to be accosted by Ulg't and his crewmates.

"Those Talakan assholes." Ashta utters, realizing one of the Talakan must have lifted her creds from her carry bag while she was being held just before being rescued by Antonia and Cassie. However, knowing where her money was stolen has not given Ashta any relief or any insight of a resolution.

"I think I will have another." Ashta says to Bruuku.