 © Pandemos, 2010. All Rights Reserved. 

Back in New York, Lira relived in her mind the moments she had just spent in the forests of Maine with the mountain man who had called himself Rüt, the same man who had stalked her, trapped her, seduced her and made her feel freer than she had ever felt with any man. It all felt like a weird, erotic dream. She looked down at the marks on her abdomen where he had kneaded her flesh, felt the sore muscles between her thighs and knew it had all been very real. She sat in her small studio, apartment in New York City, eating cereal for dinner, looking around at her meager furnishings, and an immense loneliness gripped her. She would give anything to look into Rüt's eyes at that moment, feel his warmth, hear the deep timbre of his voice. Her mind tried to shake her back to reality and all good sense, but her heart was inexplicably drawn to this mysterious man. Their time together had been brief but intense, and she found herself thinking about him constantly. 

Visiting her mother in Queens, Lira was preparing all the various medications her mother needed to take throughout the day. Recently, Lira's mother had been diagnosed with the same form of cancer that had claimed her grandmother nearly eight years ago. Despite the hardship her mother had caused her throughout Lira's young adulthood, Lira felt obligated to care for her mother in her time of need. Because of the progression of the disease, her mother required considerable attention and care. Sitting in her mother's cold apartment, she was anxious for the next thirty days to pass when she had promised him she would return to see him again. Lira hoped that her longing for Rüt would wane with the activity of having to care for her mother. But her mother's sharp tongue and spitefulness did not diminish despite the compassion that Lira had shown. Spending so much time with her mother, Lira had become more and more desperate for some solace, even if it was in the arms of a predator living in isolation in the mountains. 

After 20 days, Lira's desire for Rüt had not faded as she had hoped. Rather it had only intensified with each passing day. After only three weeks, her attention span was almost non-existent, her every waking moment plagued with thoughts of Rüt. Her dreams were filled with sensual images of herself running through a large forest in the darkness until she was met with a large beast, allowing herself to be molested and taken fully, waking covered in a film of sweat, her sheets wet from her nocturnal emissions. But she could never tell whether she was running towards or away from the beast in her dreams.

Lira couldn't wait any longer to satisfy her ache. Desperate to see him, she hurriedly scheduled time off from work and arranged for her mother's care while she was away. The drive to Maine seemed endless. She was breathless with excitement by the time she parked the car behind the large granite boulder at the trailhead. 

Lira nearly sprinted up the mountain, anxious to see Rüt again, to prove to him, and to herself, that she would keep to her promises, to prove that he didn't have any reason to doubt her. She called out for him several times as she climbed higher, but she was still a ways off from where they first met. She was growing tired, but pure adrenaline pushed her forward. Then she saw him, standing so tall and proud on top of a large granite outcrop, the same one she had hidden behind when he first tried to take her. His strong features were striking, he looked even more handsome than she remembered. She realized she had not taken any pains on her appearance and felt a twinge of fear that she might not be attractive to him now. But he had already spotted her and was hurriedly climbing down to greet her. In her excitement, her fears vanished as she ran toward him with a burst of energy. She held his face in her hands, caressing his smooth skin, the cuts and scrapes that had dotted his face when they first met were gone now. She kissed him deeply, as he pulled her into him, pressing her hard against his body. 

"Belle," he breathed hoarsely, straining against the metal collar encircling his neck tightly, "you came back." 

"I couldn't stay away," she managed to say between gasps for air, "I missed you." Her hands were frantically groping at him, desperate to feel him again.

Without another word, he took her in his arms and carried her to a clearing where a small creek ran. His skin was on fire. Her entire body receptive and open, she gave herself fully, unreservedly to him as he carefully removed her clothing, kissing each newly exposed area of flesh as he went. She leaned back on her hands as she sat in front of him in only her panties which were drenched with the fluid of her excitement. He gazed lustfully at her, her breasts heaving in the afternoon sun, and swiftly removed the thin cloth that hung around his hips exposing his own excitement. He leaned down to kiss her and finger the elastic band of her panties. Her hands pressed on his, her fingers intertwined with his grasping the elastic band, helping him remove the last bit of fabric between them. Locking her arms around his neck, she pulled herself up to straddle his thighs, feeling his engorged member jolt and twitch between her legs. 

"You've put a spell on me," she whispered before grazing his earlobe with her teeth. He groaned deeply and pressed himself between her waiting thighs, her body was flooded with her fluids as she gyrated her hips, grinding into him while their lips were locked in an endless kiss. Her hips ground into him deliberately, her juices coating his thick cock and pooling at its root until mixed with his own as they came and then came again in the late afternoon sun. 

Half dazed and temporarily satisfied, Lira and Rüt dressed for the hike up the mountain. She wondered if he would show her where he made his home, she assumed he had some more specific, more permanent residency. But they stopped again at her tent, set up just as she had last left it before she ran away from him less than a month ago, though there clearly had been some housekeeping since she left. Her belongings were stacked neatly and the sleeping bag was being aired out on a nearby tree branch. 

She was surprised to find a camp fire burning with water boiling, as if he was expecting her. He pulled out a container of meat and fruits which he set about cooking over the fire. 

"How did you know I was coming today?" she eyed him suspiciously as she came to kneel beside him.

"Not know," he rasped, "hope, each day."

She paused as she imagined how anxious he must have been waiting all these days, not knowing if she would return. 

"Then, I'm sorry I kept you waiting," she smiled, and stroked his cheek with the back of her hand. There was a kindness to him, a gentleness with her that made her heart ache and fueled her desire.

He eyed her like he would take her again then and there, but he kept to his cooking duties. He needed to feed his forest nymph if she was going to have the energy for the night of lovemaking he had in store for her. Lira eyed Rüt. She was hungry, but not for food. Her appetite for Rut was great and she was far from satiated. She mewed and purred while he desperately tried to focus on the task at hand. She shed all her clothing, along with all former shyness, and was brushing her body against his allowing her breasts to rest on his arm as he sat by the fire. He averted his gaze from her alluring movements lest he make her a captive to his own desire. Each time she brushed her hand under his loincloth, she felt him jolt and stiffen before he would patiently remove her hand and place it by her side, attempting to conceal his own pleasure before squatting by the fire again. Undeterred, she attacked again, running her hand through his hair with still no success in distracting him. In an act of desperation, she rubbed her moist mound against his bare back sending a shiver down his spine as he stifled a moan. 

Rüt rose abruptly and tossed Lira up over his shoulders as she giggled uncontrollably. "No more play," he growled mischievously, playfully hitting her round bottom and biting it softly, "I take now, no rest for Belle," his grumble turning to deep throated laughter. "Make me go mad..." 

While his laugh was playful, his touch was demanding. She had pushed him to the edge of his control and his body required release. He laid her down on a bed of moss growing wildly under a birch tree. She submissively rolled onto her hands and knees, thrusting her backside to his throbbing erection. He brushed his fingers against her hole to ensure her body was prepared for his invasion. Her cunt and inner thighs were already coated with her juices, her pussy swollen with excitement. With his knees planted between her thighs, his large hands grabbed her shoulder and hip and roughly pulled her onto his cock causing her to gasp loudly. 

"That's it, my love," she exclaimed breathily as she looked back at him. With that, he grabbed her waist tightly and thrust deeply into her eliciting a loud moan from Lira. He pounded her backside mercilessly as she pressed back to meet each of his powerful thrusts. She leaned forward and bent her arms to bring her face to the ground, deepening his penetration. Their desire insatiable, sexual play escalated into a frenzied coitus, groping and clawing at each other, unconscious of the other, unconscious of themselves, focused only on fulfilling the painful ache deep within each of them, the forest echoing with the feral sounds of their wild fucking. Finally, Lira released an unearthly scream as her entire body contracted in a series of orgasms. Bucking involuntarily, the muscles of her inner walls milked the cock within her. Her thighs shaking, Lira's legs collapsed beneath her, weak from straining, no longer able to support her weight. 

Rüt tightened his grip to keep her from falling and held her hips in place, while he continued to plunge his raging cock into her tight sheath. Feeling his balls contract, he embedded himself deep into her womb, roaring loudly into the air as stream after stream of hot cum spewed into her. His entire body spent, he pulled Lira's limp body back against his chest keeping her impaled on his cock, breathing heavily into her damp hair as he showered her neck with loving kisses. She leaned against him, flush with the heat of their passion, her nipples erect in the cooling evening air, his seed spilling out from her, dripping down onto Rüt's thigh. He clung to her, his arms enveloping her small body from behind, his face tucked into her the small of her neck, motionless like living sculptures left abandoned in the remote forest as a memory of their heated passion. 

Lira left three days later, tired, spent and deliriously happy and again promising to return in 30 days. He had walked Lira halfway down the mountain and held her for a long while before reluctantly releasing her from his embrace, watching her hike down and out of view. It was equally painful for her to leave him, and she spent most of the long ride home bursting uncontrollably into tears. 

For several months they continued in this way seeing each about once a month or whenever she could manage time away from her mother and work, their time apart fueling their passion, their time together brief but intense. Though his English had improved, Lira still did not understand Rüt's inexplicable condition and his need to stay on this mountain. But with each passing month, Rüt was unable or unwilling to give Lira any explanation making Lira begin to question her relationship with Rüt, wondering before each visit whether she should return or if they would both just be better off if she stayed away and kept to her normal, unsatisfying yet familiar life. 

But in reality, her normal, unsatisfying life had already changed since she had begun her strange relationship with her mountain recluse. The strenuous hikes had begun to change her body, and she found herself going on long walks or going to the gym in her apartment building to build her endurance. 

And despite the short time she had spent with him, he had already started to have an impact in her life. Whether it was because he had given her more self-assurance in her appearance, whether his love had made her feel emotionally stronger, she had begun to feel a new confidence and boldness. At first, it was so subtle, she hadn't event realized it was happening. It started with little things as simple as asserting herself with the grocery store bagger who had put her milk on top of the eggs. But these little acts soon gave way to more significant acts that belied her growing self-confidence and poise. That little voice in her head that had stifled her out of fear, fear of rejection, abandonment or worse was giving way to another, stronger voice that was starting to make itself heard, until it was drowning out the one that had made her so weak and powerless for so long. 

One Wednesday afternoon in early July just before her long-anticipated weekend with Rüt, Lira's boss had approached her. 

"Lira, I'm afraid you're going to have to cancel your plans for this weekend. You know the mergers and acquisitions department has been reviewing a number of paper processing plants in Washington, Oregon and Maine. We need you to go to Portland, Oregon, for a few months to help Bill Wynne conduct some due diligence on a few potential acquisitions out there."

Lira's heart sank. A long trip like this would mean she couldn't see Rüt until the fall. Worse yet, this wasn't within the scope of her job. She had only ever been involved with an acquisition once before, and even then she had only looked at the financial records. She didn't know the first thing about conducting due diligence for M&A's. Normally, she would have automatically agreed despite the inconvenience on her life, despite the nagging feeling that this didn't make sense, despite the fact that Bill Wynne was a huge pervert who had more than once tried to feel Lira up in the elevators. But that new voice in her head told her she was being used yet again though she didn't know why. 

"But Mr. Bender, I've never worked on an acquisition. I don't know how I could be useful. I'm not even part of Mr. Wynne's department," she hesitated.

"Don't worry, you'll be fine. We are a little short staffed because Bill's assistant has asked to stay close to home. So she'll be working with Diller in Maine on the Bardon Paper Mill negotiations." Jack Bender was the Senior Executive VP and was not used to being challenged, least of all by a mousy assistant but he appeared to humor her.

"I didn't realize we were looking at any acquisitions in Maine," she said trying to divert the conversation. 

"Yeah," he said somewhat distant, apparently preoccupied by a dozen things at once. "It's a small family business but the only family heir died about ten years ago. They are still pretty devastated by the loss of their son. So we are trying to get the other family members to sell, but the bastards are holding out on us." He seemed to catch himself, somewhat surprised by this own candor with a mere administrative staffer. He focused again on Lira, "It's going to take some finesse." Lira knew exactly what he meant. 

Jackie was a rather buxom woman who was often invited to attend negotiations and meetings to distract the other side. Lira found it abhorrent but Jackie quite liked the attention as well as the power it gave her. 

"You could learn a lot from working with Wynne." Bender was back on track. "You know, he especially asked for you. This could be the start of something big for you."

Lira suddenly realized why she was chosen for this project. Over a year ago, Lira had been on a similar trip assisting another executive in Canada. It had been a short two day jaunt. The executive had requested she meet him in his room late at night to go through some financial records. He had ordered room service and served her copious amounts of wine until she was feeling dizzy from overindulgence. She complained she was feeling ill and had begun to leave when he objected and insisted she stay with him, claiming he was lonely for her. She resisted his advances and tried to push him away, but he was persistent. Her head was numb and she felt powerless to resist. As her head swam from the alcohol, she felt his hands begin to lift her skirt. He was whispering vulgarities in her ear, telling her he knew she wanted him to do this. 

"I've seen the way you look at me, I'm giving you exactly what you want," he seethed in her ear. "Spread your legs for me, show me your precious hole." She wanted to vomit, she wanted to run, instead she spread her legs and just hoped it would be over soon as she floated in and out of consciousness. She lay still with the room spinning around her as this married fifty-five year old man, groped her, violated her and finally came inside her. 

His last words to her as he escorted her out of his room, "If you mention this to anyone, I'll have your job." Lira had blamed herself for going to his room, for drinking so much wine, for unwittingly leading him on. 

She was suddenly reminded of his smell, his taste, his voice as he bucked and groped above her limp body, it felt as if it happened yesterday. She remembered how he had lured her to his room and practically forced her to drink almost a bottle of wine. Only now did she realize that Wynne's sexual advances started shortly after that trip. Of course, she thought, Wynne was good friends with the executive. They likely had a good laugh about what an easy conquest she was. Her face reddened with anger.

That new voice in her head started to scream at her. She was not some office whore to be passed around by the executives. "I'm sorry, Mr. Bender. I'm afraid I won't be able to do this. I have a number of personal matters that require I stay close to home." She paused wanting to appear appeasing, "If you would like some assistance on the Maine project, I would be happy to help there." She noticed Jack's face harden and thought she might be fired on the spot. She could almost read his thoughts as he fumed at her insubordination. The thought of being away from Rüt, the thought of being pawed by any other man, made her stomach churn. Fire me, she was challenging Bender as she looked directly into his eyes. To her surprise, he backed down. 

"This is unexpected," he gave her a tight smile. "I suppose we can find someone else to work with Wynne. If we need you in Maine, I'll let you know," he said curtly and walked away.

She stared back at Bender as he marched off. Her heart was racing, but she felt a weight lifted. She defied an executive, and he backed down! She felt a sudden power, a strength she had never known before. She didn't have to bend to anyone's will. The earth would not stop if she refused anyone's demands on her. That weekend in Maine, she could feel her strength fueled as she lay in Rüt's arms. 

With each visit throughout the summer, Rüt remained insistent, inviting her, pleading in vain with her to stay with him forever, holding her longer and longer before she hiked down the mountain leaving him behind. Each time she pretended her mother's illness kept her from committing to him. But she knew in her heart her mother had little to do with it, and she feared he understood this as well. 

On one particular visit in August, she had walked to the stream to get some water and wash her backpack of dirt and leaves while Rüt had left to get some food for them. As she was approaching the camp, she saw Rüt in the distance, looking dejected and distraught as he frantically searched the campsite area. She watched with concern, studying him and surveying the area for the source of his anxiety. His face was full of pain until he saw her in the distance with her jug of water and pack in her hand. He tried to conceal his concern, but she had already witnessed his panic. She tried to comfort him, reassure him, but he walked away from her, feigning a pressing need to begin a fire and cook their dinner. But that night, he took her with an urgency that she hadn't experienced before with him as he dominated and conquered her while she submitted to his power. That night, when she attempted to withdraw from the intense heat of his body searing her skin, he clung to her and held her in place until she surrendered and fell asleep with him still embedded within her, claiming her. His intensity had alarmed her and she wondered if his anger was not a forewarning to her. She knew so little of this man, other than he was becoming more and more desperate for her to stay. She sensed that he was becoming increasingly afraid that one day she would leave and never return. But each time, she had been able to mollify him, until late September.
