 © Pandemos, 2010. All Rights Reserved. 

Lira awoke in the darkness just before sunrise listening to the sound of light rain that had begun to fall. Her body was enveloped in the warm embrace of the beast who had taken her just hours earlier. The hours of lovemaking combined with the day long hike left her physically exhausted. Though her body ached for more sleep, her brain would not allow her to rest. 

She lay still with her back against her lover, not wishing to rouse him yet, her head resting on his right arm bent under her. Her brown hair, loosened from its elastic tie, cascaded around her shoulders and over his arm, her hips cradled within his own. She could feel his eyes on her as he lie waiting for her to stir from sleep. But she wasn't ready to face him yet, not until she could make sense of what happened last night and how she felt about it, not until she had figured out how to tell him good-bye without enraging him. She recalled his sudden aggression when she had rejected his request to stay with him and make this her home here in these backwoods of Maine. Though she had been alarmed by his reaction, their feral mating had awakened a long dormant desire, a primal need in her, arousing her to a fantastic orgasm. Even in the heat of his passion and anger, he had attended to her physical need, indulging her desires until she climaxed. 

She had never felt so sexually free with a partner, so completely sated than she did last night. But his attentions did not cease with their lovemaking. When she awoke in the middle of the night, thirsty and hungry, she found he had anticipated her needs, fruits and nuts placed by her head, a blanket she did not recognize was draped over her feet keeping them warm. Though his body heat warmed her, she felt a renewed shyness lying naked next to him under the glow of the stars and moon that permeated the fabric of the tent. She attempted to cover herself with the blanket even knowing she might overheat under it, but he stopped her from pulling the blanket up beyond her knees.

"Not hide," he demanded.

She initially resisted but he had looked at her with such longing, so she settled for using her arms to cover her breasts and torso as best she could. 

He gently pulled her arms away and whispered, "Please, Belle. So nice to look."

She felt herself blush at the idea that he found her body so appealing. Allowing him full view of all the curves of her body, the soft touch of his caresses relaxed her until she soon fell asleep while he watched her peacefully slumber.

Lying awake in the early morning light, she struggled to separate her physical desire from her emotional need. So many of the men who came into her life had showed her attention but only to abandon her after they had used her for their pleasure. Was she now falling into the same pattern she was trying to break, mistaking a man's sexual attention with love and affection? Feeling his warmth she thought, had he not been more than just sexually attentive, had he not also cared for and even cherished her? Was he not now showering her with affection, warming her and protecting her?

With the heat of his gaze on her, Lira kept replaying in her mind the moments of last night. True, he had stalked her, chased her, trapped her, stripped and exposed her. But looking back on the heated fusion of their bodies, his initial assault seemed more like rowdy, untamed foreplay. As she recalled the details, despite all his raw primal fucking, he never harmed her, and he never possessed her until she allowed him to. He gave her complete control. She was the one who initiated their coupling, even impatiently demanded it. Even before he did so, this creature, this beast, this man had repeatedly expressed a need for her, not just for the night, but forever. But was it a demand or did she have a choice in the matter? And how could she let her heart and body be possessed by him when she didn't even understand his true nature -- predator man or beast? As the memory of their lovemaking swirled in her brain, her desire for him, whatever his nature, began to escalate anew. 

His impatience for her was also growing, as he leaned into her and breathed heavily, "Belle."

The timbre of his voice echoed through her, sending shivers to the very area of her body that ached for his touch. She was delaying having to face him, fearing that the cold light of day may alter the vision of raw animalism and rugged handsomeness that she recalled. She smiled remembering the vision of wild hair framing rough, ruddy features, his thick muscular torso and legs that towered over her, and those meaty hands ravaging her body. With eyes closed, she edged backwards and pressed her body fully against his, feeling the stiff rod that was waiting for her attention. His arms tightened around her, emanating warmth and protection as Lira melted against him. 

"Rüt," she moaned as he tenderly spread kisses over her neck and shoulder. He took his time, he was patiently waiting for her to make her move. Without facing him, she slowly spread her thighs, beckoning him to explore her waiting core again. Delaying her gratification and increasing her anticipation, he slowly caressed her breasts, feeling the nipples harden under his playful thick fingers. She arched her back thrusting her chest up toward him, allowing his mouth to capture her left breast and suckle the hard nub while his hand continued to play with her right breast before continuing its journey along the gentle swell of her abdomen He dug his fingers into the flesh of her hips pulling her buttocks hard against his erect shaft before moving farther down between her splayed legs to the moist lips begging to be invaded. 

With the echo from the gentle patter of rain on the nylon tent, Lira moaned louder as his mouth and hands so skillfully heightened her pleasure. He lifted his mouth from her breast now slick with his saliva. She could feel his eyes on her waiting expectantly, but she kept her eyes closed, her hands laying lightly on his large hands, as they followed the movements of his caresses across her body, intertwining her fingers with his as they plunged into her wet core. She gasped loudly at the feeling of his large fingers penetrating the lips that had been fucked raw so recently. With that she opened her eyes to view her lover again. He was gazing down warmly into her face with steel blue eyes, his features strong and masculine but not as harsh as she recalled, his hair not a tangled mass of strands, but rather long dark silky locks cascading in waves past his shoulders, his figure while still massive compared to her curvy petite frame, was less imposing and less intimidating than when shadowed by the evening light. She noted a number of fresh cuts on his recently shaven skin. His eyes, pained with longing, searched hers as if desperately trying to read her mind. She smiled at her wild Adonis and lifted her head towards his to taste the lips that had given her skin such pleasure. 

He kissed her deeply, leaving no question of his desire for her. But she felt something more in his urgent kisses. Was it need? Did he really need her, as he had repeatedly declared during their lovemaking? He growled as she hitched her leg up over his thigh to allow him greater access to her hole, newly flowing with her moisture. She adjusted her torso to position her wet opening at the head of his cock, slowly gyrating her hips to tease the tip of his shaft with the outer edges of her vulva. But her actions equally stimulated her as his glans repeatedly grazed her clit drawing it to attention. Pre-cum was now leaking generously from the tip of his cock, coating her mound and mingling with her juices that had pooled at her clit. He broke their kiss with a sharp breath as she pressed her hips firmly down on his shaft, forcing his deep penetration of her wet pussy. She smiled at the control she felt over him, the control he was giving her. Bucking her backside toward his abdomen, she pressed further to take him fully into her warm center. His arm reached under her left leg lifting it above his thigh while his right arm which had cradled her head extended to cup her breasts with his hand. He held her still like this while he rammed into her eliciting high pitched moans and gasps from her with every thrust of his hips. 

"Oh God, oh God, ooooh Gaawwwd. Please....doooon't....sto...o...o...op!" she cried out. He eased up as soon as he felt her getting close to climaxing. She looked back at him with a pout on her lips. He smiled at her deviously before swallowing her pout with another kiss. 

"You torture me, my beast," she whispered breathlessly into his mouth. A chuckle escaped his lips, and Lira realized that her beast understood her more than his limited vocabulary led on. Before she could react, he slid himself down to drink from her fountain, his tongue searing her skin in the cool morning air. 

"Belle pains Rüt more," he whispered hoarsely as he plunged his tongue into her and lapped at the sweet fluid flowing freely. Who is this man, she thought briefly before he plunged his fingers into her, probing her center to bring about her orgasm like he had during the night. As though he had a treasure map of her body, he located her elusive pleasure spot and gently rubbed the swollen flesh with just enough pressure, causing Lira to squirt her ejaculate. He greedily drank her fluid like it was Ambrosia itself before clamping his lips around the nub of her clitoris sending her into a dual orgasm. As if in the free fall of a roller coast, Lira was pinned against the earth, unable to move except for the muscles contracting violently and uncontrollably around the invading fingers, bucking her hips into his mouth and squeezing her thighs around the head of her lover as she spasmed until her orgasm slowly subsided. 

Lira remained still as she recovered, breathing heavily, her breasts heaving, her nipples erect and excited from his stimulation. Rüt rested his head between her legs, enjoying her scent and continuing to dart his tongue randomly around and in her ultra-sensitive pussy causing her to squeal softly with each spasm and jerk. The temperature of the tent felt like it had increased by 50 degrees and her skin was covered in a film of moisture.

Rüt crawled up between her legs readying himself to drive his shaft through her. Lira sat up and held out her hand to stop him, pushing him on his back. "I have never felt such pleasure," she smiled at him, "but I don't think my poor cunt can take much more." She had never used such language during sex, preferring to shyly be fucked by men in the dark and in silence. But she was experiencing a new confidence and boldness she had never felt before. "But I still want to finish what I started," she said beguilingly as she leaned down to attend to the raging cock that was still twitching for relief. He stared at her, taking in her soft curves, her breasts that swung gently as she slid her body over him, and the heart shaped buttocks that protruded beyond her waist and painfully out of his reach as she knelt between his thighs.

Lira was never very fond of giving oral sex, but most of the men she had been with had expected it, actually demanded it in the bedroom. She dreaded the universal signal, the hand on her head insistently pushing her face down until it was eye level with the protruding member. In an effort to please, she would dutifully suck, lick, and deep-throat the appendage until it released its creamy, white substance. Having learned that men enjoy seeing a woman swallow their spend, she forced herself to be a swallower. But each emission she had ever tasted was bitter, salty, and just felt so thick in her mouth. It was the worst part of sex for her. But pursing her lips at the tip of his cock as she fondled it in her hands, she wanted to consume this man as much as she wanted to be consumed by him. 

Lira darted her tongue out to savor the pre-cum that had started to leak more heavily. She moaned as she pursed her lips around the large soft head. Rüt bent his head back as her moans sent ripples of pleasure through his body. Encouraged, she wrapped her lips around the shaft and slid her mouth down until she had swallowed half of his length. Widening her throat, she continued to take him until he bumped the back of her throat. The jolt caused her to choke. Rüt looked up to see tears in her eyes from the strain of accepting his generous size in her small mouth. He sat up and pulled her up by the shoulders to rest against his chest.

"I not need," he struggled to tell her, wiping her tears away.

She kissed him softly, "But I do." He hesitated but before he could resist further, "Would you deny me the pleasure of tasting you?" she challenged, further surprising herself with her boldness. He struggled for a moment before loosening his grip on her shoulders allowing her to return to his engorged appendage. Trying again to take him in her mouth, she angled her head up closer to his abdomen to allow the natural curve of his erection to line up with the natural curve of her throat. Having successfully taken him fully, she hummed and moaned lightly sending shivers up his cock and through his spine. She looked up to see him struggling to maintain control and focus on Lira but she saw he was moments from exploding. Wanting to delay his gratification just a bit longer, she moved her head from his shaft now soaked with her saliva and focused her attention on the sacs from which she sought to elicit the thick milky fluid.

Taking first one sac and then the other in her mouth, she tongued and sucked each one, enjoying the feeling of fluid floating within the sacs as she manipulated them with her tongue. Rüt began to moan loudly now and writhe under her touch, his fingers interlocking with her hand that lay braced against his hip. She buried her nose in his pubis, infused with the heady scent of his musk. For the first time in her life, she desired to swallow a man for her own pleasure, enjoy every inch of him, every scent, every taste until she knew every element of his being. Possessed with an urgency to fulfill and be fulfilled, Lira licked the fresh pre-cum before thrusting the entire shaft in her mouth until he hit the back of her throat. 

She pressed her lips tight around his girth and frantically pumped the length of his shaft in and out of her stretched mouth. With each downward thrust, the tip of his cock contacted and rubbed against the back of Lira's throat eliciting a guttural groan from her lover. Controlling her reflex, Lira vigorously milked his cock, desperate to feel his hot seed splash against her throat and into her belly. Cradling the orbs that were aching to release his fluid while pumping him in and out of her warm mouth, she felt his balls tighten as they prepared to project his cream. Tightening the pressure of her lips on his cock, she could hear Rüt panting and gasping for air as he neared release. 

Lira felt his shaft swell and streams of thick cum splashed in her mouth as Rüt's legs stiffened and his hips stilled while a wave of pleasure shook through his body. She tried to savor the taste of him, but ribbon after ribbon of cum was streaming into her mouth. She swallowed quickly to try to catch every drop of him, not wanting to spill his seed. But his emissions were too great and wads of his cum filled her mouth to capacity before she could swallow. She struggled to breath with him still embedded in her mouth as thick gobs of his milky substance slid out the corners of her mouth, down her chin and in her hair before dripping on his thigh. As she pulled herself off of him, she allowed herself the pleasure of swallowing what was left in her mouth, tasting his saltiness mixed with a hint of sweetness. She looked up at Rüt who was mindlessly fingering her wavy hair while his body shuddered from his intense orgasm.

As his orgasm began to subside, Rüt started to regain his breath. He opened his eyes and looked down at the cum soaked faced of Lira who suddenly looked self-conscious. Seeing her distraught, he pulled her to his chest, searching for an explanation. "I hurt you?" he asked, his voice ragged.

She shook her head. "I'm sorry," she stammered, "I made a mess." She blushed with embarrassment as she looked at the trails of cum that fell on her and Rüt. 

He smiled at her, struggling to speak. "Not cry. So good, Belle." He wiped his cum from her face and hair and slowly began to message it into her skin, kissing her tenderly while she lay beside him until her tears dried.

Rüt rested his head on Lira's chest, lazily caressing and kissing her warm body while she ran her hand through the soft curls on his head. After some time had passed, she asked, "You understand what I say?" He leaned on his elbow to look up at her for a moment, then nodded slightly. 

"But you don't speak very much?" it was a statement more than a question. 

He sighed, "No" he struggled, as he again instinctively touched the metal band around his throat. 

"You have trouble speaking? Because of the choker?" she guessed as she fingered it lightly.

He nodded and pulled her hand away to stop her from touching it further. 

"Why do you wear it? Why don't you take it off ," she asked. "I'll help," she offered, pressing against his hands to help remove the metal.

Rüt smiled weakly and shook his head. "No, it not come off," as he placed her hand at her side. Seeing the well of pain in his face, she brought her hand up to caress his face and ease some of the hurt, hoping for an explanation for his extraordinary condition.

"Belle," he started, the bass of his voice vibrating in the small space. 

"Lira," she offered, "My name is Lira."

He looked at her puzzled. "Leee...Leeea," he struggled with the syllables. Until he gave up, "Belle," he insisted. 

"Belle," she granted. 

"Belle," he continued, looking at her intently, "Belle, stay here, make home here." 

She smiled at him, not wanting to dampen the moment they were sharing. "I have a home. I live in New York. "

"You not want to stay? Not like me?" he tested.

"Yes, I like you, but..."

"You live here," he urged.

This was getting very complicated, very quickly, she thought. She instantly thought of all her obligations back in New York. Her job, as much as she disliked it, was a good job and paid the bills. Her mother, as disagreeable as she was, was terminally ill, and Lira felt an obligation to care for her dying mother. 

"But my mother," she explained, "my mother needs me to take care of her." 

"I need you," he continued to press.

"She is my mother, she has no one else to care for her," she said, beginning to feel indignant at his presumptuousness.

He paused. "Mother come too," he offered. 

She cringed at the thought of her mother and him ever meeting. Her mother would likely try to bed him herself, if she were feeling well enough. 

"My mother is too weak to come up here," which was not altogether a lie. "You would have to come to live with us," she prodded. 

She suddenly had a bizarre image of this half-naked, mono-syllabic, metal collar adorned man walking down the streets of New York City to meet her mother, until she realized he might actually assimilate well in those surroundings. But she regretted her suggestion as soon as the words left her mouth. She wasn't sure if she was ashamed of introducing him to her mother or of introducing her mother to him. Either way, she had no desire cross that line.

He cupped her chin to force her to look into his face, his voice hoarse from straining against the metal band constricting his throat, "I not leave. You stay," he demanded, "please." She saw the distress in his eyes. 

"I'll return," she offered, pulling her face to the side forcing his hand away. 

He looked deflated. 

Lira was starting to be suspicious of his insistence. He couldn't expect her to make a life-altering decision within 24 hours of meeting this man. But more problematic, he offered no explanation for why he felt compelled to stay on this mountain or why he was rendered nearly mute by a choker around his neck. Her head was starting to hurt from lack of sleep and overexertion. She was tired and needed rest. 
