 Ashta gazes at the twinkling stars through the window above the single sleeping berth she lays on. The quarters assigned to her are dark, which prevents her from seeing how drab and dank and cramp it is. It also helps her go along with the man on top of her, pumping his cock in and out of her as he has in the last ten minutes.

Wishing for the man fucking her to finally ejaculate and lift his massive body off hers, Ashta starts to lightly massage his back, minding the scales and sharp-tipped spikes down his spine. She feels the course scales of his legs brushing against her thighs as she wraps her legs around his thick waist.

"Ravage me, you Talakan beast." Ashta urges, facing away and closing her eyes. "Fill me with your seed. Fuck me. Fuck my pink cunt."

Ashta's words gives the man fucking her a surge of energy, fucking her faster and harder and deeper. This gives Ashta the immense pleasure worth having sex with a Talakan male. She opens her eyes and looks at the man over her as he arches his back to go deeper than before. From the light of the stars, she sees his dark green scaly face with spiked ridges along the sides of his face and his red protruding eyes looking up as his climax nears.

"YES! FUCK ME!" Ashta yells. "FUCK MY PINK HUMAN CUNT!"

The Talakan lets out a loud and raspy growl before giving one final thrust. Ashta loudly grunts through her teeth as she feels a force of Talakan manseed blasting into her womb. Another thrust brings another blast in her, filling her near her limit. Then another, causing some it to spurt out onto her thighs and the mattress. With each thrust, Ashta was pushed into sexual bliss, further than she had with humans.

Soon, the thrusts stops, leaving both Ashta and the Talakan satisfied. The Talakan, First Mate Brem'k, dismounts the small bed without a word to Ashta, letting her recover from the strainuous and high-gratifying sex Talakan men pride themselves on. He picks up his clothes on the floor near the bed and begins to dress himself.

After Ashta's post-sex bliss ends, she looks over herself, wearing only her fishnet stocking and her fusiphragm strapped around her right thigh. She checks the disk-shaped birth-control device and is relived that the alien seamen has been contained and ready to be purged. After wiping the remaining sperm from her thighs with a rag, Ashta looks out the window, staring at the stars again.

An unfamiliar star cruiser crosses Ashta's sight, causing her to stand up on the bed for a better look outside. She spots several starships departing or heading towards a blue planet with purple clouds.

"We made it to Altair IV." Ashta says, smiling.

"Of course, we have." Brem'k replies, with his common Talakan raspy voice as his puts on his flight jacket.

"Well, I guess this will be our last time together." Ashta looks to Brem'k as she steps off the bed, still smiling.

Brem'k silently scowls at the naked human female as she collects the cred-notes he paid her prior to the sex. He admires her long jet-black hair going down her beautiful back and the lightly-tanned pink skin of her voluptuous body with fully-round breasts and fully-round ass.

"A shame." Brem'k says. "I was just getting accustomed to human cunt."

*****

After cleaning herself in a cleansing capsule, Ashta walks down the spacious but dirty corridors of the Talakan freighter Muuk'z, wearing a white thong, a black half-shit that barely covers her breasts and simple, old laceless shoes. She also wears her fusiphragm on her right leg to be prepared if she is to do her part. For the last three weeks, Ashta served abroad the freighter as a pleasure-provider through a deal she made with the captain in exchange for passage to Altair IV. As repulsive she finds the reptilian species, the trip was profitable to being on a ship with an all-male crew willing to pay for sex with a beautiful human woman. Hopefully, the cred-notes she accumulated will be enough for her to find someplace clean and safe to sleep, even for a night.

Ashta enters the stained and badly smelling bridge, occupied by four Talakan crewmen and Brem'k at the command chair. Ashta tries to ignore the stares by the bridge crew and she calmly walks to the first mate. On the wide windshield, she sees the comforting sight of the blue-purple planet from its orbit.

"Why haven't we landed yet?" Ashta inquires.

"We are just waiting for permission from Port Juno." Brem'k informs. "We will be on Altair's ground within the hour to drop off our cargo."

"And me with it." Ashta humorously adds. "Better get my things together."

Ashta turns from Brem'k and leaves the bridge for the last time. But in the corridor stands Ulg't, captain of the Muuk'z. Of all the Talakans she had to have sex with, she found Ulg't the most vile and repulsive, with his lower jaw more extended than the rest, his eyes more bulging, which unnerved her. Compared to the captain, Brem'k would look like an anatomically-correct marble statue from an old book of Greek art she once owned.

"Well, my dear, Assssshta." Ulg't greets with a wide grin showing his long, stained teeth. "I guess you will be leaving us sssssoon."

"Yes, and not a moment too soon." Ashta replies, continuing to walk pass Ulg't.

Ulg't quickly extends his arm to place his hand on the bulkhead and block Ashta's path. Ashta stops.

"I will truly missss fucking you." Ulg't states, moving close to Ashta, keeping his arm out. "I think one more trip my quarters is in order."

Ashta shudders, watching Ulg't's long and slimy tongue slowly lick his lips.

"I'm afraid I don't have any time." Ashta says. "I need to pack up and get ready to leave."

"Remember our deal." Ulg't asserts. "I give you transportation to your destination." Ulg't states, brushing his scaly fingers through Ashta's hair, lowering down to her shoulder. "And you give me your body whenever I desire it."

Ashta gasps when Ulg't's go up her half-shirt and grabs her breast.

"Of course, captain." Ashta complies after a second to compose herself. "One more before leaving."

*****

Ulg't's bed is wide and covered in the furs of skinned animals from his homeworld. As Ashta walks to the bed, she activates her fusiphragm. After that, she hurryingly pulls off her half-shirt and thong. She leaves her shoes on mounting the bed on her hands and knees. She crawls to the middle with the captain oogling at her ass he eagerly undresses.

Ashta stays on her hands and knees, patiently waiting for the last Talakan she will ever have sex to fuck from behind and finally be done. Ulg't walks naked to his bed with an erection. He pauses at the edge of the fur-covered bed to admire Ashta's ass, motivating him a slowly stroke himself.

"Tell me, Ashta. What waits for you on the planet?" Ulg't questions.

"A friend of mine." Ashta answers. "He works at the Port Juno power plant and he can get me a job there."

Ulg't moves on the bed, obsessively gazing at Ashta's ass. Ashta braces herself as she feels Ulg't getting closer behind her. His hands fondle and kneads her ass before giving it a slap. Ashta remains still.

"I just love the sound of slapping your asssss." Ulg't states. "How the soft flesh makes it so...arousssing." He slaps her ass again.

Ulg't's hands take a frim hold of Ashta's hips before moving his proud standing manhood to Ashta's pink flower. Ashta feels the scaled cock push its way into her. The length and the girth is enough to please her and not mind the unsightly appearance and the unpleasant demeanor of the man beginning to fuck her.

Soon, the thrusting gets faster. Ashta lowers her head to the fur to take more.

"That's it, you Talakan beast." Ashta says. "Fuck me good."

After several minutes of Ashta's verbal foreplay, Ulg't finally climaxes and falls to his side, exhausted and satisfied.

"That's it, I'm done." Ashta declares before rolling herself off the fur-covered bed.

"Wait." Ulg't reaches out, still exhausted to chase after her. "I want another."

"Sorry, Captain. By the time you're ready for a second, we'll be on the planet." Ashta says as she picks up and her thong and shirt. "So, I guess this mean good-bye."

Ashta heads for the door but stops halfway. She then throws her thong to Ulg't.

"Something to remember me by." Ashta says as she resumes her departure.

*****

Once filled wall-to-wall with container-cubes, the cargo bay is nearly empty, allowing Ashta to freely walk across to the loading ramp and off the ship with her small carry pack. Her attire consists of her shoes, tight white jeans, and a faded orange puffer vest over a white t-shirt. But with the outside only a few feet away, Ulg't steps out from a container, startling and stopping Ashta.

"I thought I said good-bye already." Ashta says.

Three more Talakans step out from the containers and walks to Ashta, each with a rather sinister grin. Before Ashta could move or speak, two Talakan grabs her arms, stopping her from leaving. As she struggles to free herself, the third Talakan pulls her carry pack from her.

"What are you doing, Ulg't?" Ashta demands. "We had a deal. I'm done here."

"Now we have a new deal." Ulg't says, grinning. "You will continue to serve us as pleasure-provider until we grow tired of you."

"You scaly bastard!" Ashta yells. "I have people at the power plant waiting for me."

"I doubt that, pretty one." Ulg't states, stepping to Ashta. "You're obviously not a technician."

"I'm not. I'm working in plant's cafeteria." Ashta explains.

Ulg't and his reptilian crewmates laugh.

"You're an excellent pleasure-provider, girl." Ulg't steps close to Ashta and grabs her jaw. "But you are terrible lair."

"I don't know what you're talking about." Ashta tries to hold back her panic and her tears, hoping to find a way out of her dire situation and off the ship.

"I knew from the start that you were desperate to get off that dismal starport and mine was the only ship available." Ulg't explains, tightens his grip. "There's no one on Altair IV waiting for you. Which means there's no one here that will miss you."

"You can't do this." Ashta objects, trying to keep from crying.

"We are doing this." Ulg't says. "We'll keep you for a year or two, then we'll sell you to a Talakan mining outpost."

Tears begins to fall from Ashta's dark brown eyes from the prospect of being held against her will on a ship to be used as a sex slave by the Talakan crew which eventually will lead her to spend the rest of her life at some distant outpost where she will either serve the pleasures of more Talakans or mining Xarcium. If there is to be a heroic intervention for Ashta, now would be the time.

"Excuse me." A woman's voice calls out.

Ashta and her captors shift their sights to the loading ramp where two figures board the cargo bay. The first is a tall woman in a dark red leather riding suit with a full-head helmet, walking directly to them. With her gloved hands, she pulls off her helmet, showing the nutmeg-brown skin of her face and the black short curls of her hair. But what stands out from than other human females the Talakans have seen is the glowing red sensor where her right eye should be and the black metal surrounding most of the right side of her head. The female cyborg stops after entering the bay and looks around.

The second is a woman in a white silk hooded cloak, walks to the cyborg's side. She pulls her hood down to reveal her dark almond-shaped eyes, the olive skin of her lovey face. What stands out for her is her purple lips and her luminous purple hair. She pulls the covering of her cloak aside to show her tight, elegant, lavender off-the-shoulders evening dress.

"Who the zlaz are you, woman?" Ulg't demands to know, stepping away from Ashta to the new visitors.

"Pardon the intrusion, Captain." The woman with the glowing hair says with a friendly smile. "My name is Antonia and I'm here for the woman you are holding." Antonia points at Ashta.

Ashta is confused for a moment but sees the opportunity to lie about her way out of her predicament since this woman she never meet could back up her claim.

"You know this woman?" Ulg't questions.

"Honestly, I've never meet her." Antonia admits. "Clearly, she's very naive which bring her into this situation. Any female in the outer sectors knows never on to board a Talakan ship."

"This one did. As you two have" Ulg't grins again. "It seems now I have an extra two pleasure-providers now."

Antonia gives a brief laugh. "That's not going happen, captain. We'll be leaving and we're taking the girl as well. So, if you would have your crewmen move aside so she can help the poor thing and we can leave without any incident."

"You don't tell me what to do on MY SHIP!" Ulg't furiously yells, stomping to Antonia and her associate. "If you think I'm going to let two stupid females give me order, then..."

Before the Talakan captain could continue his threat, the right hand of the cyborg swiftly grabs his neck. Through the glove Ulg't can feel the metal fingers squeezing with more power than a regular human hand, blocking his airway. He can hear the humming of servo-motors from her cybernetic arm concealed under the long sleeve of her jacket.

On the instinct of desperation, Ulg't tries to pull himself free from the strong grip crashing his neck, with no success. He tries to call for help from his crew, managing to only let out a pathetic grunt.

One Talakan responds to his captain's distress, reaching for his sidearm about to act. However, the woman in red leather draws out a gun faster than him and fires a charged plasma bolt. A spilt-second after, the Talakan's face explodes, leaving a smoldering cavity where his face was. The Talakan holding Ashta moves to succeed where his crewmate failed but is shot in the face with deadly accuracy by the female cyborg before the first Talakan she killed even hit the floor.

The cyborg sets her focus back on Ulg't, still struggling to pull free. The metallic hand given a sudden and hard squeeze, snapping his neck bone, killing her instantly.

The last Talakan holding Ashta takes advantage of her distraction and run behind a nearby container-cube. Certain that he's covered from the shooting, he hurries to the corridor in order to escape and alert the rest of the crew. But his dash is ceased as a dagger plunges into his chest. He looks up to see the dagger held by Brem'k.

"Coward." Brem'k says before pulling his dagger out.

Scared and uncertain, Ashta slowly picks up her carry bag but only take a few steps before she sees Brem'k walking towards her, wiping the black blood off his dagger with a rag. She looks the cyborg, aiming her gun at the reptilian firstmate, expecting her to kill him like the rest.

"Stand down, Cassie." Antonia commands.

Ashta is shocked by Antonia's order and watches her cyborg savior holster her gun, standing over Ulg't's dead body. Brem'k walks pass Ashta without even a look, which confuses her, and stops at his dead captain. Brem'k grins.

"Excellent work." Brem'k says to Cassie. "For a human."

Cassie silently scowls at Brem'k for a few seconds then steps away.

"I guess the ship has a new captain now." Antonia states.

"The situation with the girl provided an opportunity too good to pass up." Brem'k says.

"I'm surprised you willing to let such a beautiful woman like this go." Antonia says.

"Unlike Ulg't, I know there's more important things than, what do you called it, pussy?" Brem'k informs.

Antonia laughs. "That may be true. But don't let that get around. I do have a business to run."

Brem'k loudly laughs. "A pleasure doing business with you, Madam Antonia."

Brem'k departs from the cargo bay while Antonia approaches the still-scared and confused Ashta, holding her carry bag in front of her.

"I think we have overwelcomed our stay here." Antonia suggests, still smiling. "If you come with us.."

"Wait, what just happened?" Ashta fanatically questions.

"Oh, you poor girl, you've just gone through so much today." Antonia sympathizes. "I promise to explain everything to you to the way back to..."

"No, I'm not going anywhere with you." Ashta steps back. "I don't know you. Who are you? What do you want from me?"

Antonia pauses for a moment. Her smile fades but still appears friendly.

"My name is Antonia, this is Cassie." Antonia introduces. "And to help clarify things for you, we just saved you from being a sex-slave to the Talakans." Antonia steps to Ashta, seeming less friendly. "Now, Ashta, you now have a choice. Leave with us or stay here. Oh, and I should warn you, sex-slaves on Talakan outposts don't have a long lifespan."

Ashta considers Antonia's statement. She knows she can't stay with the Talakans but wonder if going with a strange woman she never met be any safer.

"So, what's your decision?" Antonia asks.

"Please, get me out of here." Ashta pleads.