 Antonia's office is wide and oval with built-in shelves with old books and ornaments. Where the shelves end in the far curved corner of the office is a cello, properly polished without a speck of dust. In the far curved wall is a wide desk made from glass, equipped with a holo-array and a computer with access to the galactic data-stream, decorated with a glass vase of orchids and an antique baby doll. Behind the desk is a white leather swivel chair with full back support and arm rests. The chairs in front of the desk are simple with cushion seats and backrests, supported by four legs.

On the other side of the office hangs a portrait of a geisha girl over a sideboard with drinking glasses and various bottles of alcohol, next to the wide opening that leads into Antonia's bedroom.

The door slides open as Lyra, Antonia's personal assistant, enters as she taps at her personal data panel. Unlike the companions she works with, Lyra's choice of clothes is more conservative when covering her svelte body with her dark grey, full-sleeved, full-neck, tight-fitting sweater and her matching long skirt, showing only her calves, covered in black stockings and her stylish black low-heel leather shoes. Her strawberry blond hair is tied in a ponytail going down pass her shoulders.

Lyra adjusts her black-framed specks as she scans the office for her employer. She hears the sounds of faint moans coming from the bedroom, prompting her to follow. With the silk curtains open, Lyra first sees the wide, circular bed with red silk sheets and thick pillows. Stepping through the threshold, she finds the bed unoccupied, but the moans continue.

To her left, Lyra finds Antonia sitting back on a red plush couch, looking up at the holo-screens above her. She then notices Tera on her knees with her head between Antonia's parted thighs. This display of cunnilingus neither arouses nor repulses Lyra.

"You called for me?" Lyra inquires.

"Oh, I didn't hear you come in." Antonia says. "Take a look at this."

As Lyra steps to Antonia, paying no mind to the lapping Tera, Antonia reaches up and taps one of the holo-screens, causing it to expand so Lyra could see the close-up image of Ashta sitting at the bar, searching through her carry bag.

"Her name's Ashta." Antonia states. "Cassie and I just saved her from some Talakans."

"She's lovely." Lyra frankly says.

"I thought your neuro-block prevents you from recognizing beauty." Antonia says.

"It doesn't. I had myself neuro-blocked from feeling any sexual desires." Lyra corrects. "I take it you want me to find whatever information there is on the new girl before you hire her?"

"Yes, the usual data. Birth certificate, criminal record, medical history, affiliations of any kind." Antonia instructs.

"If she was a solar scout or had a case of the Brexian flu, I'll find it." Lyra states with some measured pride.

"Excellent to hear." Antonia smiles and closes her eye as she feels her climax nearing.

"If there's nothing else, I'll get started with the background check." Lyra says.

"You sure you don't want Tera to pleasure you?" Antonia asks, gently taking hold of Tera's head. "It's a good way to relive stress."

"Thank you, but no." Lyra politely declines. "Even if I allowed it, I wouldn't receive any pleasure."

"Oh, Lyra, my dear." Antonia moans from the rising heat between her legs. "You don't know what you're missing."

"Maybe, but I can focus on my work here without distraction." Lyra states.

"And also focus on your little science project. The one you worked on during your time at Pax Omniversity."

"What I do on my time is my business." Lyra calmly asserts.

"Of course, I wasn't trying to belittle you, Lyra, or your work." Antonia reassures. "You have a wonderful mind and I greatly value you for it." Antonia pauses to savor a sudden twinge. "But there's no point in learning the secrets of the universe if you don't live in it."

Lyra takes a moment to consider her employer's comment. Antonia tightens her grip on Tera's head as the silent girl's mouth and tongue sends her to the point of no return.

"Will that be all?" Lyra questions, watching Antonia with indifference.

Antonia softly moans for a few short seconds until the orgasm she eagerly await washes over her, causing to give a brief whimper through her closed lips. After the climax is done, Antonia releases Tera and lays back. Tera pulls her mouth away but remain kneeling, lightly kissing Antonia's thigh.

"Just one thing before your background check on the new girl." Antonia says after a long exhale. She pulls out a small, dark blue draw-sting sack, lightly clanging from its small and metallic contents. "Put this in the safe for me."

Without further word, Lyra takes the sack and turns to leave. Tera crawls onto the couch and lays on her side, resting her head on Antonia's lap.

Antonia lifts her head back up and opens her eyes to the holo-screens above her. She focuses the image of Ashta at the bar, trying to look calm despite being on a strange world with no money and no job. Antonia decides to let Ashta contemplate her desperate situation for maybe an hour of two before she taps the holo-screen to return it to its previous size. She eyes each projected image displaying the activities of her establishment.

She feels a sense of pride as well as the need for another bout of oral sex from Tera's skilled mouth.

Without needing a command, Tera lifts herself up and moves back to her position between Antonia's welcoming thighs, giving the silent girl access to the perfectly hairless and smooth pussy.

****

Olao sits naked at her makeup table for her usual preparation, checking her makeup and her now pink hair, checking the power level of her fusiphrame, molecularly bonded to her right thigh. Her final step, she takes a small, teardrop-shaped device and actives it, aiming the delta waves to her forehead, affecting the pleasure centers of her brain, as designed. In a few seconds, Olao is in a state of artificially-induced arousal; hence the device's name the inducer, a common tool used in the sex trade.

Now ready for her session, Olao steps out from the ancient Japanese divider to the rest of her room. Olao's room is minimally decorated with simple red curtains over the window and a framed picture of an island with blue palm trees in a green ocean with a black and starless sky hanging over Olao's wide, orange silk-sheeted bed.

Sitting on the bed is Groden of the Kormaktian home world, wearing only his groan-cloth. Like all Kormaktians, Groden is taller than the average human with three times the muscular build and hard but smooth green skin. An attribute some females would be attracted to, despite their bulbous black eyes under a thick brow, the small and sunken ears with a near-round, near-flat nose and a thick and near-round jaw as well as a thick and near-round skull.

Groden sees the perfectly nude Olao slowly walking to him heel-to-toe. She twirls around to show her beautiful backside as her hair shimmers from pink to emerald-green. The eager Kormaktian stands up from the bed with an obvious erection pressing against his cover.

"Ready for a good time, big boy?" Olao asks with a seductive smile.

"I'm ready, pink girl." Groden boldly states. "I hope you're not worried of getting hurt. Only Kormaktian women can handle sex with us and once I start fucking, I don't stop until I'm done. No matter what."

Olao still smile as she moves in front of Groden, placing her hands on his hard pectoral muscles, playing with the nipple ring. She leans forward and softly kisses the green-skinned chest, rolling her tongue on the other nipple. Her hands slowly move down to the waist of the groan-cloth. Olao looks up at Groden, still smile with the naughty look of lust.

"Do I look worried?" Olao rhetorically asks.

With one good yank, Olao pulls off the cloth. She looks down to see what she'll be working with. Her eyes widen with surprise. She expected Groden's penis to be long and thick, as she learned by word of mouth. The Kormaktian penis before her does have an impressive length and girth, able to give her more pleasure than her usual clientele.

As does the other two.

As if the inducer didn't excite Olao enough but the thought of having sex with a man with three fantastic cocks nearly causes her to climax. Fortunately, she manages to calm her already-wet pussy.

"Tell me, Groden. Do the women of your species have three cunts or just one like me?" Olao questions, kneeling down.

"One. Like you." Groden answers, grinning down.

"All the women of your planet must be really satisfied." Olao says.

"Most of them." Groden informs. "Some women are known to need another male, maybe two more to be satisfied or they just complain."

"I don't see how any woman of any race would not satisfy." Olao says as she gently wraps her fingers around one of the green cocks. "But then again, I might need you to fuck me for a fourth time."

Groden laughs. "You will at best take the second cock before you beg me to stop." Groden boasts. "And that won't stop me."

Olao looks up at Groden, smiling.

"Like I asked before." Olao says, slowly stroking the first cock. "Do I look worried?"

****

Sister Andromeda leads Puv Nar Druok of the Perakian home world to her room. The walls are covered with tapestries and banners with the emblems and the scriptures of her religious order, the Enclave of the Maajis. She sets her grey-skinned customer to stand on her stain-proof plasti-rubber kneeling mat. The blue girl with gold tattoos pulls her scapular off, leaving on only her jeweler as she kneels before Puv, who is looking down on her through the red-lensed googles over his eyes. The mouth cover of his breathing apparatus slightly amplifies his inhaling. His clothes are all black except for his white dress shoes. His skin that can be seen on his face is grey, covered in deep wrinkles and his short standing hair is pure white.

Andromeda opens Puv's trousers and gently pulls out his penis, grey and shriveled.

"You are so fortunate." Andromeda says as she starts to lightly stroke the base. "You possess the greatest gift in the universe." Andromeda gives a soft kiss to the head. "A tool that can bring pleasure, give its seed to begin procreation, even the waste extraction function could be seen as beautiful."

The grey penis gives a twitch as blood rushes in, slowly getting longer and firmer. Andromeda lifts it to give the underside a slow and long flat-tongue lick from the scortum and the tip. Puv inhaling intensifies. The penis grows harder and thicker with each stroke of the blue hand.

"Oh, look how magnificent your penis is." Andromeda eagerly says before she kisses the side. "This is what gives women not only pleasure and babies, but a purpose." Andromeda gently fondles the grey scortum as she twirls the tip of her tongue on the tip of the penis. "So, thank you for allowing me the pleasure of sucking your beautiful cock."

With Puv's member as erect as it can get, Andromeda takes it into her mouth, immediately sucking it. Puv's inhale grow louder from the pleasures caused by the blue girl's mouth, feeling pleased with himself for letting Andromeda perform oral sex on him.

Even though it's what he paid her for.

****

"Oh, don't stop."

From the mirror above him, Felix Blish, a local businessman, can watch from the king-size bed he lays naked on with the three naked blond love-clones tending to his sexual needs. Jenny One lies on her stomach between Felix's parted thighs, slowly licking and sucking his cock. Jenny Two kneel at Felix's right side, making a trail of kisses down his torso. She meets with her clone-sister at his cock, giving kisses and love-bites to his thigh before sucking on his scortum. Jenny Three switches from sucking on the fingers of his left hand to moving the hand to her breast, allowing him to cup and knead.

In the Jennys' room, the walls are entirely covered by wide mirrors, as is the ceiling and the floor. The room is furnished with a wide, white leather couch near the bed, along with three small make-up tables on the other side.

Felix takes Jenny Three by her neck and roughly pulls her down to kiss her. Despite the discomfort, Three goes along and accepts the kiss of the VIP customer, adding her tongue in the kiss. Felix's hand moves from Three's neck to claw at her ass. Soon, the VIP's hand searches and successfully locates her smooth and hairless vagina and forces two fingers inside.

"Careful, Felix." Jenny Three warns between kisses. "If you make me climax, you'll have to do the same with the other two."

"But we want you to have your climax before." Jenny Two says, crawling up to Felix to kiss him. "Your pleasure is important to us, Felix."

"Yes, Felix, dear." Jenny One frees her mouth momentarily to add to her clone-sister's assurance. "We don't want you leave disappointed." One gives a lick up the shaft then lightly strokes it.

"Oh, I can't complain about being disappointed with you girls." Felix states as he sits up. "My only problem is that I pay for you three but I could only fuck one of you."

"Not your fault, Felix." Jenny One assures, smiling at Felix as she continues to stroke. "You're only human."

"Yeah, we understand that having one of us is enough for you." Jenny Two says, massaging Felix's chest.

"Besides, don't the three of us bring a much better build-up before the sex?" Jenny Three inquires, kissing his shoulder.

"That you love-clones do very well. But now I want to take the sex up another level." Felix says as he reaches under the pillow and draws out a thin glass capsule filled a red liquid.

"Wait, that's CX-3." Jenny Three says. "That's an enhancement drug."

Felix stands himself up in the middle of the bed. "Prepare for the best fucking of your lives, girls."

The Jennys watch Felix break the capsule in two. Exposed to air, the red liquid immediately turns into red vapors. Felix inhales as much of the vapors as he can.

Jenny Three looks over her clone-sisters for any expressions of caution or even fear but sees both kneeling near him, smiling, eager awaiting to serve their customer, as is what a love-clone is to do. Three looks back up at Felix as the CX-3 quickly takes effect. The veins throughout his pale-skin body turn to dark purple for a few second then darken to black. The lean muscles of his slim body ripple and rapidly expand. The once pale skin begins to change into a reddish tan as the black veins fade. Even Felix's brown thinning hair starts to stand and waves as if it became alive.

Felix turns around and looks down upon the Jennys. Three notices the white of his eyes turn dark red and the grin on his face, which unsettles her. Three realizes that what she is feeling is worry. Something a love-clone should not feel.

"Your cock." One utters. "It's big."

Complements of a customer's penis size, truthful or exaggerated, was nothing Three do not hear from her clone-sister or said herself, as is a usual sex-protocol for a love-clone, but One's comment prompts Three to pull her sight from Felix's fearsome red eyes and look at his erected penis.

To her surprise, Three finds Felix's cock greatly different than she remembered in the past year of serving him. She salivates at the fantastic cock with its impressive length and thick girth. She forgets about her worries when she feels a slight wetness in her pussy. A set condition for a love-clone.

"So, who wants to be first?" Felix questions.

"Me." Jenny One says. "I'm One. I should be first."

"No, me." Jenny Two interjects.

"No, me, Felix." Jenny Three moves to Felix, wrapping her arms around his leg. "Please, have me first. I've been picked last all night."

The enhanced Felix leers at Three with his same grin for a few seconds. He drops to his drop in front of Three, grabs hold of her head to pull her to him to force his lips on hers. Her mouth is forced open and violated by his strong tongue. Three gives a brief squeal when she feels two of Felix's strong fingers push into her defenseless pussy, directly striking at her genetically-modified g-spot.

Before Three could savor the immense pleasure, she is pushed down and lands on her back. Her feet are grabbed, forcing her legs apart. Three takes a deep breath as she watches Felix crawl above her. She looks down at the long and thick cock, hoving near her eager sex.

"Ready for the fucking of your life?" Felix asks.

Three takes another deep breath. "Yes, sir." She answers before closing her eyes.

****

Saril is slammed hard against the pseudo-lava rock wall of the sauna room while in the strong and rough embrace of Nok, who savagely and mercilessly thrusts his thick, long and scaly cock in and out of Saril's sex.

Saril licks the side of Nok's face with her long tongue. Then sinks her pointed teeth in his neck. Nok screams from the pain, then the pleasure it derives from, causing his penetrator to grow harder and thrust harder. Saril pushes with her free hand and legs against the wall to free herself to turn and force Nok to the wall without breaking the intercourse. Their lips fuse together for a full-mouth kiss. The tongues extend into each other's mouths, intertwining and swirling together.

The tongue-kiss breaks when Nok turns and forces Saril back to the wall. He grabs her neck, still fucking her. Their eyes meet, igniting a storm of an extreme passion. Saril grabs Nok's neck and hisses at him. She digs her nails into the scales of his neck, bearing the harsh thrusts, trying not to consciousness before the ejaculation.

****

"Are you going to release, you slime-sucking simian?" Zora questions as she slowly drags her black, pointed nails down the middle of his bare chest.

Brennen whimpers from the pain of Zora's nails, adding more to his discomfort of being suspended upside-down in a dark room, his hands, feet and knees wrapped in the strong and adhesive weblines while the arachnoid female on top of him straddles his erected cock with fury and zeal.

"ANSWER ME!" Zora yells in Brennen's face, tightly clutching it.

Brennen is unable to answer. The absolute terror brought on by Zora's blaring demand prevents him to speak a single word. But at the same time, Brennen is greatly aroused, feeling his cock got harder, but yet to release.

"If you don't give me your goop in the next ten seconds, I'll just take it by ripping off your sex organs!" Zora threatens.

The horror increases for Brennen as he is forced to watch Zora extend her near-triangular jaw, showing her long, sharp-tipped, black teeth, terrifying him more.

"The last thing you'll see is me feasting on your organs!" Zora lets out an unnerving, spine-chilling shriek, echoing throughout the room.

Sent over the edge, Brennen knocks his head back and screams out from the intense, fear-induced ejaculation. Zora hisses with delight, feeling the human's semen filling her womb.

"It's fortunate that my people cannot procreate with you humans." Zora calmly says. "The thought of my offsprings feeding upon your weak and grotesque body completely disgusts me."

Zora brings out her spider-like appendages, or back-limbs, and each one swiftly cuts the webbing holding Brennen, causing him to fall from Zora's embrace.

****

"Oh, fuck, yeah, baby."

Mining supervisor Khrys Parson falls back on the mattress from his gratifying orgasm, wearing only a layer of sweat over his pale, portly body. Wearing only her necklace, Bab dismounts from Khrys's now-soft penis and lay next to him, smiling to her satisfied customer.

The bed they lay on is a regular queen-size with silver stain-resistant silk sheets. On the nightstand is a plasma-lamp, emitting soft blue-purple light to the room. Bab's room is also furnished with a couch near the bed. Hanging on the wall above the couch are framed pictures of a kitten, a baby owl and a swan.
