 Ashta takes a moment to center herself from her ordeal, deeply breathing in the cool night air to relax on the rickshaw she shares with Antonia. The rickshaw rides down a wide pedestrian bridge over Hume River, pulled by a Kharcan, a chalk-white dwarfish alien no taller than four feet but has a massively muscular body, giving him greater strength than most humans.

Soon, the rickshaw is on the streets of Nu-Vegas, the red-light sector of Port Juno. From the comfort of the cushion seating, Ashta watches humans and the different types of aliens walking on the elevated sidewalks, entering or leaving the shops and eateries. One of the businesses that Ashta really noticed is the bright lights and holo-signs of the Supernova casino. Further down the street, she spots holograms of naked women dancing above the Starfield XXXotic Showlounge.

"Listen, Antonia." Ashta speaks to the purple-haired woman sitting next to her. "I'm grateful for you and your friend saving me but how did you even know about me?"

"From Brem'k." Antonia answers. "He's a...contact of mine. Keeps me apprised of the Talakans in outer sections. They like to have sex with non-reptilian humanoid women. Can't say I blame them with how the women of their species look."

"You...planned what happened at the ship?" Ashta questions.

"More or less. Brem'k wanted to command the Muuk'z but couldn't kill Ulg't without facing reprisal from those loyal to him. But he knew Ulg't planned to keep you as a sex-slave and he was going to share you with his loyal crewmates. That's when Brem'k contacted me with a proposal."

"You and Brem'k conspired to kill Ulg't?"

"Yes, we did. Brem'k gets to be captain and I..." Antonia pauses to carefully choose her words. "I get to free you from those lizards and give the option to work for me."

"Work for you? Why? I lied about working at the power plant."

"Yes, Brem'k told me that. He also told me how excellent you were in the bed."

"Why do you care if I...Wait, work for you how? What do you do?"

"I'd rather show you than tell you." Antonia states.

The rickshaw slows down as the Kharcan moves to the side of the road and stops near Cassie, sitting on her parked hovercycle, smoking a cigarette, patiently waiting for her boss and her guest. After stepping off the rickshaw, Antonia walks to the Kharcan to pay him while Ashta move to Cassie, blankly facing the AI-operated automat across the street.

"Hi, Cassie, is it?" Ashta smiles. "With all the shooting and...killing, I never had the chance to say..."

Ashta flicks her cigarette, sitting up and walks across the street without a word or a look. Antonia approaches the confused Ashta.

"Don't take it personally." Antonia says, placing her arm around Ashta's shoulder. "Cassie isn't one for small talk."

Antonia guides Ashta to a three-story building that could be a hotel. The holo-sign above reads NIGHT FLOWERS in large red letters for the whole block to see, with a holographic flower opening its petal to reveal a naked woman waving and showing her backside on a continuous loop.

The wide tinted glass door slides open by Antonia and Ashta approaching. The small-spaced foyer has a small couch and a potted plant on both sides. Across from the door is a small circular glass desk against the far wall, attended by a lovely blond woman in a white leather shoulder-strap top, looking over several holo-screens. Pass the front desk is a bank of various sized storage lockers before a wide ascending stairway.

"Good evening, Madam Antonia." The woman at the desk greets. "I hope you had a pleasant outing."

"Not exactly pleasant but certainly not boring, Hanna." Antonia replies. "How are things here?"

As Ashta moves to the glass desk with Antonia, she notices she can't find the secretary's legs but when she gets close enough, she is shocked to see that Hanna has no legs or anything from the waist down. Instead, Hanna's waist is attached to a personal anti-grav platform, hovering above the floor.

"We have had a significant increase in customers in the last hour with the miners from Blue Sand Hills and the Spacers Guild. All fifteen companions are working now, five of them are currently engaged." Hanna reports.

"Excellent." Antonia says. "I'll show our guest around."

As Antonia guides Ashta to the stairway, Ashta fixates on Hanna resuming her duties.

"That...that's a...robot?" Ashta questions, taking the first steps up.

"Yes, Hanna's a N6 pleasure gynoid." Antonia informs. "She use to work at the terraforming plant on Bellona until it started the earthquake and her legs were crushed by a falling air processor."

Antonia leads her guest up the stairs where neo-jazz is heard as they enter a spacious lounge with plants and beautiful flowers. But Ashta fails to notice the decorative flora as she becomes overwhelmed by the lively and hedonistic activities happening in her very sight.

The first thing Ashta notices with her surprised eyes is a woman with long black hair that goes down to her feet, sliding her golden-furred body down a chrome pole on a small stage before shaking her thong-wearing ass to the audience with her tail snapping from side-to-side. The pole dancer turns around, showing her cat-like facial features, causing Ashta to gasp.

Near the stage sits a middle-aged man on a leather sofa chair, accompanied by three petite girls with the same medium-length platinum-blond hair, all wearing the same pink loose-fitting crop tops and white g-strings. One of the blonds performs a slow and seductive dance closely between the knees of the man's spread legs while another blond stands behind him to massage his shoulders as another blond sits on his lap to whisper in his ear. Ashta realizes that those three girls do not just dress alike with the same hairstyle but to her surprise sees that all three look alike with the same crystal blue eyes, same lips, same shaped of chin.

Triplets? Ashta thinks.

Near the man and his trio of blond temptresses sits a vermillion-skinned, thick-browed Varlimkan male, sharing a small table with a human woman with shimmering blue hair in a widow's peak and unusually bright blue eyes, wearing a silver tight-fitting bodysuit with a neckline going down below her narrow waist. The Varlimkan has a deck of playing cards, holding a card out for his hostess to guess. The blue-haired girl lays back, teasingly hooks her finger at the edge of her neckline, pulling only a few inches, smiling as she correctly guesses every card.

"This place, it's a...a...." Ashta fails to find the appropriate words.

"A brothel, yes." Antonia finishes for her guest. "We provide a service to the good people of Port Juno. Merchants, miners, spacers. Offering a place of comfort and relaxation to that weary traveler feeling lonely."

"You're not offering me a place to stay, are you?" Ashta asks.

"No." Antonia answers, still smiling.

*****

"Oh, look, fresh meat."

At the bar on the other side of the lounge from Ashta, Teel stir her Jovian sunset with her long middle finger as she makes her comment. She then licks her wet digit, showing her 8-inch long tongue, a typical attribute to a Prylan, along with her violet hair of her tapering cranium, her arched and up-swepted eyebrows and her lavender skin, mostly covered in the shiny leather of her evening dress with a sleeveless top with a wide plunging neckline down pass her ribs, covering and containing four of her fully round breasts.

Teel shares this end of the bar with her colleagues. Leaning next to her is Jazmin, a human with medium skin and dark chestnut brown hair braided back in a long ponytail, wearing a brass brassiere with a curved, plunging neckline, fastened behind her neck and back by a thin string with a purple loincloth that goes down to her ankles, covering only her secret spots and sandals. Jazmin takes a moment from nursing her Long Island ice tea to check out her boss's guest.

Next to Jazmin is Bab, a human with gleaming alabaster skin and shoulder-length flaxen blond hair, wearing a blue bikini sling with an ornate necklace made from Giger metal and faux-metallic stilettos, finishing her Perseid stardrafter to look at the possible new addition.

Behind the bar stands Bruuku, a four-armed, grey-skinned, tall and muscular Yozadran with her emerald green hair in a double Mohawk, wearing red thigh-high boots with a flexi-chrome thong and silver disk-shaped nipple-guards on her firm breasts. The barmaid chooses to ignore Teel for the moment to focus on mixing a lutaberry daiquiri for a customer.

Near the bar sits two human females on sofa chairs sharing an old fashion hookah on a small table between them. One is Olao, tall and slender with above shoulder-length indigo hair, wearing a white rubber tube top covering only her small breasts and a matching rubber tube miniskirt with white neo-silk stockings. The other is Tera, a thin and svelte girl with pale but perfectly unblemished skin in a red sheer poncho with her long midnight black hair draping over the right side of her face. Through the opening of hair, her expression seems blankly, as if oblivious to everything around her.

"I wonder where Antonia picked her up from, the spaceport or one of the northern ferries." Teel continues.

"Most likely the spaceport." Jazmin suggests before sipping her drink. "Just like most of the girls here."

"If she was from the northern colonies, she'd spend her first day in Port Juno looking for work at the Supernova or the Hotel DuBois." Bab adds. "Until the third or fourth day, when she has to explore some of the less-than-prestige businesses so she can eat. Eventually leading her to this fine establishment."

"Was that the story with you, Bab?" Teel asks with a subtle but obvious snide tone. "Did you come here on your third or fourth day?"

"No, my first day." Bab answers with a deadpan tone. "I came straight here from the ferry docks. I have a good body and know how to fuck, so working here was the logical choice for me."

"Such a pragmatist." Teel smiles at Bab, giving her upper lip a quick lick. "Maybe that's what I find attractive about you." Teel looks at Olao, silently staring at her madam, taking a puff from the hose of the hookah before passing it to Tera. "What do you think, Olao?"

Olao silently faces Teel for a moment. "I think we should reframe from engaging in childish gossip."Teel gives a slight snicker. "What about you, Tera? Got anything to say? About anything?"

Tera's only response is quickly looking away.

"Oh, why so shy, Tera, dear." Teel steps to Tera. "The customers that fuck you don't mind that you don't speak, but for the rest of us..."

Olao stands up to block Teel from getting any closer to the withdrawn Tera.

"Leave her alone." Olao sternly warns as her hair color turns bright red.

"Always the hero." Teel smugly says.

"I'm not a hero." Olao states. "I just don't like bullies."

"Ladies, as much as the customers would like to see the two of you in a catfight, our benevolent employer would see it as unprofessional, to say the least." Jazmin says.

"Not to mention unladylike." Bab adds.

*****

"Now, there's no need to make any decisions right now." Antonia assures Ashta while guiding her to the bar. "You've been through such an ordeal with those unpleasant lizard men. You need to just relax and collect yourself."

"I guess I could take a moment." Ashta complies with uncertainty and gratitude.

"I have some business at attend to but we can talk some more soon as I'm done." Antonia says as she sits Ashta on a bar stool and waves Bruuku over. "In the meantime, just have a drink, on me, while you wait."

Antonia departs Ashta, heading to the small gathering of her sexworkers at the end of the bar as Bruuku tends to her latest customer. The companions fall silent when they notice Antonia approaching. Olao and Teel cease their conflict and move away from each other.

"Girls, is this an emergency staff meeting?" Antonia questions. "If so, what is it regarding? Has our z-cred system shut down again? Is there another customer that wants a nexus of joy and we don't have enough girls? Is the anti-grav room malfunctioning?"

Antonia waits for an answer, knowing it's none of the usual incidents of her business. The girls remain quiet, not wishing to speak.

"No. None of that." Olao dares to answer.

"Well, since there's no reason for any of you to sit around and gab, then maybe all of you should go back to entertain our guests, it being your job and all." Antonia suggests which feels more like a demand.

Jazmin and Bab are the first to finish their drinks and leave the bar. Teel gives a settle sneer at Olao for a second before departing. Olao takes a deep breath to calm herself, she then smiles at Antonia and walks away.

Antonia looks to Tera, standing up to join the others. Antonia moves to intercept her.

"Not you, silent flower." Antonia says, holding Tera's shoulders. "I need you and your beautiful mouth to relieve me of some tension."

Antonia gently moves Tera's black hair aside to reveal her face, including her deep dark brown eyes and a row of tattooed circles, triangles and alien letters go down from the left side of her forehead, passed her left eye to her cheek. Tera looks up to her madam and slowly smiles.