 Roger heavily sighs from the afterglow of the fantastic orgasm he felt from the oral sex from his wife. Lying back on a patch of blue sponge-moss, he gazes at the evening sky and recollects the amazing sex he just experienced.

As what happened before, Roger made love to Maya on the shore of the silver pond as he remembered, him on his back with Maya on top, straddling him until he had a mild but still satisfying ejaculation. But this time, Maya kissed the right spot of his neck while lightly circling her fingertip on his nipple, something she never did. This led to a more gratifying ejaculation for Roger. After several minutes of kissing and cuddling, Roger is amazed to have another fully hard erection and takes this second wind to have sex with Maya again with him on top. The light scratches down his back from Maya gave Roger another orgasm better than the last.

Roger decided to take a break from the sex for a swim around the pond. Soon, the couple were in the middle of the silver waters and Maya dove under to perform oral sex on Roger until he came again. The second Maya rose back to the surface, Roger took his wife and fucked her again until the next climax.

Maya led Roger out of the pond and to the patch of sponge-moss, where Roger has anal sex with her. Another thing she never did. At first, Roger took his time as he penetrated his wife's ass, savoring every inch of it. He then thrusted harder and faster, caressing her ass and back. Wanting more excitement, Roger slapped Maya's ass hard, causing Maya to let out a surprised and cute little yelp. Roger slapped Maya's ass several more times until he grabbed his hips for another intensely fulfilling ejaculation.

With Roger still laying back to recover, the image of Maya crawls over him, kissing up his stomach and to his chest. Roger opens his eyes to the smiling face of his wife.

"Had enough?" Maya asks.

"Yes. I think I am." Roger answers before closing his eyes.

When Roger opens his eyes, he sees Klar sitting across from him as before, still in the massage room. He looks at the hands and finds them old and wrinkled, like they would for a man of his age.

"How do you feel?" Klar questions.

"I feel...fine." Roger informs. "I can't believe I've been sitting here for an hour."

"Actually, it's been at least ten minutes." Klar corrects.

"Ten minutes?" Roger is surprised. "But Maya and I...I mean we were at it for an hour."

"When linking, your perception of time is altered." Klar states. "You could have experienced days if you wanted to." 

"Is that safe? Messing around in my brain?" Roger asks as he slowly stands up. 

"Yes, Roger. It's perfectly safe. I've trained for years with the Mind Walker Masters of the Kreel homeword." Klar smiles as she reassures. "I've been doing this for years."

"Are my memories of my wife still intact?"

"The fact that you're asking should be obvious. You still have the original memory of you and Maya on Tyco 7 but now you have a different one. A more...stimulating one."

"Oh, that was very stimulating." Roger states. "To see Maya again at that age, so vivid, like it was real."

"But it wasn't." Klar points out. "It was a telepathically created fantasy. You need to remember that."

"Oh, I will remember, dear." Roger says. "Are we done now?"

"We still have a few minutes left." Klar says. "Would you like another linking? Maybe this time it will about your first date with Maya or maybe someone else like an ex-girlfriend?"

"Yes, I would like another." Roger sits back down, eagerly. "That time, I'd like it to be on our honeymoon on New Manila. Same as before but this time I want to have a threeway with this lovey maid named Mimi."

"Of course, Roger." Klar smiles and lays back on the chair. "Now, close your eyes."

****

Cassie keeps a short distance from Antonia, escorting Ekrar down the hall. As much as Antonia impressively managed to talk down the Moukhrulian and pursued him to follow her down the hall to a distant part the brothel, Cassie keeps a vigilant eye on Ekrar on the chance he will attack her boss if Ekrar gets impatient or violent since Moukhrulians are not known for patience.

"This better be worth my time." Ekrar says. 

"I assure you, Mister Ekrar, I have just what you need." Antonia replies.

"I doubt that. I have seen the whores you have in your lobby. They are too soft for me." Ekrar states.

"They prefer to be called companions." Antonia informs in a friendly tone. "Please, remember that in the future."

"Your companions are all humanoid. My people are able to body-love them but it can get...messy." Ekrar informs with a grin.

"Body-love? That's what you call fucking?" Cassie inquires.

Ekrar looks back on Cassie, peering at her for a few seconds. "It is a close translation." Ekrar looks to Antonia. "I hope it is not the cyborg you plan to set me with. I hate cyborgs."

But before Cassie could reply, Antonia discreetly raises an open palm at her, gesturing her to be quiet and let Ekrar's comment go.

"Cassie was greatly wounded in battle during the War of the Rim." Antonia explains. "Something we treat with respect."

"For surviving a battle you have lost? Pathetic." Ekrar scoffs. "My people do not reward our warriors for failure. We certainly do not give them replacement parts like a broken shell cart. In battle, you either win victoriously or die a warrior's death." 

"So, you don't honor your fallen warriors?" Cassie questions, keeping her composure. "Do you even bury them?"

"No. We do not bury them." Ekrar looks back at Cassie, this time with a wider grin. "We eat them."

Despite her composure, Cassie's contempt and disgust in Ekrar is obvious. Much to Ekrar's amusement.

"Here we are." Antonia declares as she approaches a dark blue door and taps the key panel.

The door hisses open and Antonia steps aside to allow Ekrar to enter first. The room Ekrar walks in is wide with dark blue walls. The only furniture is a king-size bed with simple white linen sheets across the room from him. He notices another door at the wall near him as he journeys further. 

Antonia enters the room while Cassie stands halfway at the door, keeping watch as before.

"I suppose this will do." Ekrar says. "Now, where is the whore you promised me? I am growing impatient."

The sound of the second door hissing open prompts Ekrar to look at someone in a dark blue hooded robe entering the shadow covered part of the room. Ekrar watches the hooded figure walking to the light and pulls her the hood. He is surprised to see before him an actual female Moukhrulian.

"She is Moukhrulian?" Ekrar questions as his eyes widens with confusion.

"Of course, she is." Antonia answers. 

"What is your name, female?" Ekrar inquires to the female Moukhrulian as his eyes become narrow with suspicion.

"Sombre, sir." She answers.

"Remove your robe now." Ekrar orders.

"Wait, now." Antonia steps in front of Ekrar. "We should discuss payment before I leave you with my most valued companion."

"Of course, Madam Antonia." Ekrar agrees before he drops a clawful of credit clips into Antonia's open hand. "That should be enough for an hour of whatever I want."

"Enjoy." Antonia says as she departs.

Cassie steps back as Antonia exits through the door. Cassie still watches Ekrar until the door hisses shut.

"You are named Sombre?" Ekrar asks. "That is not a proper Moukhrulian name."

"No, but you will find that I am not a proper Moukhrulian female." Sombre says with a toothy grin as her robe begins to slip off her.

"I hope not." Ekrar grins, licking his teeth with his long slender tongue.

****

"I should stay by the door in case something happens." Cassie suggests, standing by the door at Sombre's room.

"No need. Sombre is more than capable of handling our crustaceanoid customer." Antonia says as she walks away without stopping.

"I know we're not supposed to talk about this..." Cassie says in low voice after hurrying to Antonia's side.

"Then we shouldn't talk about it." Antonia interrupts.

"Listen, I don't like that we always have send an NHC to Sombre." Cassie leans close to Antonia. "What if people start to get wise?"

"Whatever will occur, we will deal with it as we would do with any other companion." Antonia calmly informs. "Sombre's not the only one with secrets."

"On subject of secrets, what has Lyra dug up about...?" Cassie is interrupted by her com-bud.

"Cassie, is Antonia with you?" Asks the voice of one of the Jennys with panic.

"Yes. Something wrong." Cassie replies.

"It's Felix. I think he's dead."

****

Lyra is pleased to see activity in going back to normal after the incident with Nok and Ekrar. After finishing her striptease, Tera almost immediately leaves with a customer to her room, leaving her poncho and c-string on the stage. Andromeda dances on the stage, already out of her scapular. Olao and Bab are entertaining the patrons upon returning. Zora stands at the close end of the bar, silently observing for her next suitable customer.

Approaching the bar, Lyra notices only Zora to be at the bar. At the stool were Ashta sat, an empty glass is left behind.

"Where's the girl?" Lyra questions Brukuu. "Did she leave?"

"She asked where the ladies 'room is." Brukuu informs, pointing at the hall. "Not surprising after three mojitos."

****

Even though Ashta found the ladies' room to refresh herself, she is still somewhat inebriated to remember her way back to the lobby. After ten minutes of wandering the hallway, she realizes she had been going in the wrong direction. As Ashta is about turn back when she sees at the end of the hall the opened double-doors of a pool room.

Out of curiosity, Ashta cautiously ventures inside. She becomes pleasantly surprised to find the widest swimming pool she has ever seen, going on to the far side of the room, filled with still crystal clear water.

Instantly overcome with the need to swim, Ashta eagerly strips out of her clothes and jumps into the pool feet first. Submerged under water, Ashta feels weightless and absolute serene for as long as she can hold her breathe before rising to the surface. She takes a lung full of air and laughs with joy, playfully splashing at the water like a child.

Soon, Ashta swims underwater and ventures to the deep end of the pool. As she descends deeper, she peers down to the bottom of the pool where in the middle another naked woman sits cross legged.

Ashta stops at this sudden sighting and tries to focus through the water at the strange woman. She distinguishes the light green skin of an unusually slender body with what could be bright red hair flowing with the waves. The eyes of this water-breather rapidly open, showing them to be wide and completely black.

Terrified, Ashta involuntarily loses a significantly amount of air as she tries at scream. Feeling herself in danger and low on oxygen, she franticly swims upward. In seconds that felt like long minutes, Ashta reaches the surface, taking in the air to breath as she swim as fast as she can to the closest edge of the pool. Reaching the edge and climbing up to the floor, Ashta looks back to see if she is being pursued.

To Ashta's shock, she watches the green-skinned woman perform an impressive and inhuman leap from the waters and gracefully lands on the opposite side of the pool. Ashta has a clear line of sight for a better look of aquatic woman across the pool. With her backside to Ashta, the strange woman's body has webbed fins down the spine of her back. The back of her head is not covered by red hair but a red webbed fin-like membrane draping down to her back. As she turns to face Ashta, the gills of her neck flutter for her to breath. Her black eyes gaze at Ashta, wider than before.

Ashta screams as she dashes for the double-doors, too terrified to pick up her clothes. She makes it the hallway where Lyra hurries to the pool in response to the screaming. Ashta collides with Lyra, causing both to fall on the carpeted floor.

"What in Orion's Belt?!" Lyra yells on her back.

Lyra readjusts her specks to see the wide, panicked eyes of Ashta. Taking a moment for a complete visual, Lyra observes how wet and naked Ashta is, laying on top of her, pressing her full breasts against Lyra's sweater while Ashta's thigh slowly rubs against Lyra's crouch. 

"Could you get off me already?" Lyra impatiently asks, still holding her specks.

Ashta quickly lifts and rolls herself off Lyra, allowing her to sit up. Before Ashta could take even a second to calm down, the amphibian woman enters the hall and walk towards her, prompting Ashta to jump to her feet to make another dash.

"Wait, hold on." Lyra says to Ashta, standing up and faces the amphibian. "Rynsi, what's the flark is going on? Why is she this hysterical?"

The amphibian stops and presses a small implant below the left side of her neck. A small blue light glow, indicating its activation.

"My session ended early so I decided to relax in the pool before my next appointment." Rynsi states through her translation implant. "Then I spot this human trying to sneak up on me. I thought she wanted to slit my throat."

"She's not a hunter, Rynsi." Lyra says. "Look at her. Do you see any knives on her?"

"You would be surprised what a hunter will do to conceal a weapon." Rynsi sneers.

"You thought I was trying to kill you?" Ashta questions. "Why were you chasing after me, the way you jumped out of the pool?"

"I jumped to the opposite side of the pool from you!" Rynsi yells. "I wanted some distance from you in case you were a hunter. If I was really chasing after you, I would have..."

"Everyone calm down, right now!" Lyra loudly orders. "This is obviously a misunderstanding. No one here is trying to kill anyone."

All three women are silent. Ashta becomes calm. She and Rynsi gaze at each other. Rynsi's neck-gills flutter mildly.

"If no one is going to apologize, then we should all just part ways amicably." Lyra suggests. "Go back to the pool, Rynsi."

"I will." Rynsi says as she turns to leave. "As soon as the cleaner-drones are done filtering the water. I do not know where she has been."

Lyra and Ashta watches Rynsi walk back the pool room without any further word from anyone. Ashta just realizes that her wet and naked body has been shivering.

"Are you okay?" Lyra asks.

"Yes, just cold." Ashta replies. 

"There's a room you use." Lyra states.

"Could you go pick up my stuff?" Ashta points to the pool room, shivering from fear. "I just can't go in there."