 *thanks to Candice69 for the awesome help!!

Disclaimer: there isn't any sex in the first few chapters, hope you all enjoy! 

Chapter 1

In a world that resembles our own but has differences beyond compare, where people used magic to heal, fight and conjure medicines; Where demons were known to everyone as something that could be either good or something far worse, lies a small town. This town wasn't your average small town, the town was the only town that sat in front of the Gates of Hell. The founders of this town first moved to this location to defend the rest of the world against anything and everything that stepped through the Gates of Hell. These defenders taking up residency in that location built a small town in which they named "The No-Name Town." It wasn't so much that they couldn't come up with a name it was more that their time and efforts where better spent fortifying the place. The town wasn't made up by very many people. Just those who volunteered their time and life to protecting the world in which they lived.

As time passed the towns people grew accustomed to their lives within this town. Houses and other shops were built to accommodate the people for their life styles. A small tavern was placed in the middle of the town. Here is where the people went and celebrated their victories with a good ale and reminisced of past battles. It was where they mourned their dead and toasted to the time that was shared with their friends and companions. 

One of the towns people, Dante McClain was a regular at this tavern. So much that he had a bar stool that had his name gashed into the bottom. Along with Dante, his wife McKay McClain, her sister Sakura Miller and Dante's childhood friend Ian O'Connell paid regular visits to the tavern which was named "Heavens Door." Dante, being the one who named the tavern found it humorous during a drunken stupor.

Today wasn't any different then any other day. The four close friends found their normal sitting places in the tavern and ordered their drinks. As they waited for their beverage Sakura was watching her young sister McKay playfully fight with her husband. Something that has been done since the moment of their meeting. She looked to Ian who let out a low laugh and gently shook his head. The drinks finally arrived and Dante, being the Irish man that he was, quickly downed his first mug and was already asking the bar maid for a refill.

"Aye, why in the fuck did you give me an empty mug eh?" The bar maid, used to Dante and the group, walked to him with another mug filled to the rim. As Dante started to drink his second mug, Ian looked at Sakura.

"Do you remember that night when we were sitting on the hill right outside your parents' house and Dante here was so drunk that I dared him to roll down the bloody hill?" Sakura burst out laughing as Dante rolled his eyes.

"Do I? Dante threw up the whole way down, he smelled worse then a pig farm that the Joneses owned down the way from us." Dante, who was used to the friendly harassment, slammed his mug down onto the table for dramatic effect.

"Really? Well I remember a time where Sakura here was the meanest bitch that lived in Elmswood and McKay was the sweet and innocent one." Ian smiled as Dante started to paint the scene. He could almost remember the same exact time that Dante was describing like it was only yesterday.

~15 years ago~

Dante McClain traveled along the dirt roads of outer England. He really didn't have a set destination, he just wondered around until he found something, or more like someone worth stopping for a bite to eat. Raised in Ireland with a large vampire family, Dante was exiled from Ireland by the people for a feud that happened within a tavern in his own town. As his side of the story goes, his younger sister Ellie was raped by another Irish family, the O'Malleys. Dante deciding to take the matters into his own hands went to the tavern in which the O'Malleys went to religiously and slaughtered the entire family, sucking each and every one of them dry of their blood. Once removed from Ireland, Dante decided that he would take advantage of his "turmoil" and travel around the world enjoying his new found freedom. Even though he left behind his family, whom he wasn't really all attached to except for his littlest sister Ellie, and his one true childhood friend Ian O'Connell, he enjoyed knowing that everyday was a brand new adventure to him.

For the first year of his travels Dante stuck mainly alone. Every now and again he'd pick up a traveler, who was most of the time a young female who he always took advantage of by taking the girls virginity away and then killing her in cold blood. As Dante traveled he ended up in a small town called Loxford, where he found a delicious morsel to eat that was a girl around the age of 17 that was walking home by herself. Dante pulled the girl into a dark alley way where he feasted on the young girls rich blood. As Dante finished, a chuckle took him by surprise. Quickly looking up and expecting to see a group of hunters he was instead welcomed with the face of his friend Ian, who was shaking his head with his arms crossed in front of him. Ian's long shoulder length white hair was tied neatly into a low ponytail. His crystal blue eyes held almost a playful look as he approached Dante still snickering.

"You haven't changed a bit old friend, it's a miracle that there are any young virgins left in this world with you running around free." Dante laid the body to the ground and cleaned his face with a cotton handkerchief. Walking to his friend, Dante extended his hand for a warm hand shake in which Ian quickly subdued to. The two friends, who were now reunited, traveled together from that moment on. Ian, who was a halfling (his mother raped by a vampire), found Dante's freedom bothersome and was glad he was there to be his conscious once again.

As time went on the travelers slowly made their way out farther and farther into the open country of England. One beautiful summer afternoon Dante decided to take a small walk as Ian continued to feast on their latest kill. He made his way through a large meadow where he rounded a bin to only bare witness to a group of men in the beginnings of raping a young woman. Dante moved to rescue the woman but before he knew it, the young girl was already defending herself. She pulled a knife from her waist and slashed at the men in front of her. One of the men went to grab her, but was quickly blocked and stabbed in the jugular. The woman, being rather quick, had already pulled the knife from the mans throat and was slashing out in front of her at another man. The man in which she slashed fell to the ground with a scream as he held his stomach where blood seeped from in between his fingers. The last man stared at the young girl, his eyes wide with fear. He slowly backed away holding his hands up almost pleadingly. 

"I'm sorry, ma'am. Please, don't hurt me" The mans English accent was thick with fear. As he got a good 3 feet from her, he quickly turned on his heels and dashed away, making a bee line towards the direction that Dante just came from. The girl watched the man run around the corner and disappear. What she wasn't aware of was Ian was around the corner waiting and quickly ended the mans life with an eased snap of the neck. Ian looked at Dante and smirked one of his fangs showing already. 

Dante's attention then went back to the young girl who now stood staring at him. Her long brown hair gently moved in the summer breeze. Her blue eyes were light but held a darkness that Dante didn't quite understand. The blade remained in the woman's hands as she glared at Dante.

"What the fuck is your problem?" Her voice was stern and very demanding but Dante could hear a certain softness to it that was well hidden. She was definitely not your average Englishwoman. 

"Well, my names Dante and what is the name of our little knife wielding psycho?" Dante couldn't help but snap back a little attitude back at her. He found her interesting to say the least. For one that looked so delicate she had one hell of a back bone.

"My names Elizabeth and I won't ask you again, what the fuck is your problem?"