 I'd forgotten what it felt like to share my space. Not that I lived with someone. No, I cohabited with a something, a thing that ran my life. Every fucking moment of it. 

It wasn't bad that he did, which was the bitch of the situation. My life never ran smoother. I ate regularly and got more sleep. People complimented my appearance more, and I became more productive at work. And definitely had more sex. Way more sex.

I recognized that for it was. It was Andrew's way to maneuver me. From the time I came home to the time I left for work, Andrew occupied my time. I didn't have a single moment to figure out what I should do with him. 

We were a week into... whatever we had. Right now I was on the fancy treadmill Andrew purchased over the Internet, doing the forty-five minutes he declared was necessary for my optimum health. As I did, I watched the news. The next piece grabbed my attention because it was odd. 

In business news, Talbot Pharmaceuticals suffered a 20 point drop in their stock price after the announcement of a lawsuit filed against them by robot industry leader Androdyne. 

Now, what sort of lawsuit would a robot manufacturer have against pharmaceutical company?

My headset buzzed in my ear. The phone announced a call from my best friend, Betty.

"Where have you been, girl?" Her frenetic voice burst into my headset. I winced and turned down the volume.

"Sorry, been busy with work."

"No, excuse! Anyway, it's time for a girl's night out, or should we do a girl's night in? You did promise me a go at your new toy. And the girls are anxious to try him too."

"I don't think..."

"Girl, your problem is you don't think enough. And don't have enough fun. We'll be there at eight. " She clicked off. 

Andrew walked into the bedroom, the breakfast tray in his hands. 

"What was that about?" he asked. Of course, Andrew listened in on my call. He listened to all of them. I'd gotten to the point where I didn't care about that anymore. 

I turned off the treadmill and climbed down. 

"My friends are coming over tonight."

"Did you not insist that we keep visitors to a minimum?"

"Yes, but it's unavoidable. If I don't let them come over they'll pry, and if they don't get answers, they'll concoct stories about me."

"You mean gossip."

I sighed. "Yes, Andrew." I went to the bed, and Andrew put the breakfast tray on my lap. 

"And what did she mean by 'having a go' at me."

"She wants sex from you."

"No."

"No? What difference does that make to you? You were perfectly willing to do it with Roger."

Andrew's lips drew into a thin line.

"I am not that kind of robot." 

With that he turned quickly on his heels and went to the closet.

"The calorie control and exercise is working. You've lost a half pound. I think you can wear-"

"Andrew! Turn around!"

He faced me. 

"Come over here and talk to me."

"You do not have time for a talk. You only have-"

"Stop avoiding this, Andrew. Come here and sit!"

He blinked. As if reluctant to do so, he walked to the bed and sat on the edge facing me. Then he stared at me.

"You will explain why you 'aren't that kind of robot.' Andrew, you were designed to be that kind of robot."

"Correct. I was. In achieving sentience, design parameters changed."

"How?"

"How what?" he said all innocence in his voice. 

"How did design parameters change?" Annoyance edged my voice, and Andrew lowered his head. 

"I can only please you. I can't engage in the pleasuring of others."

"That doesn't make sense. Roger-"

"Roger was special case. It was required to insure your welfare."

"And pleasuring my friends is not required for my welfare?"

"I don't see how it would be."

"Well, think of this. If you do not act like every other toybot, then they will think something is wrong and they can make problems. They might even report you as a defective robot. And that would mean I would get in trouble for keeping you."

Andrew's head jerked as if slapped. 

"Then if required I will pleasure your friends."

"Good." I rose from the bed to go to shower. 

"But I may have to punish you later," he said as I walked away from him.

I smiled.

"Good."

#

I got to the office, where Caroline greeted me with a stack of case files. 

"What is this?" I asked.

"Billing review. Miss Shou thought these cases didn't have enough billable hours. She wants you to look at them." 

Caroline set the files and a cup of coffee on my desk. With a sigh, I picked them up and started to go through them. 

A half hour in, my headset buzzed.

"Evaline." It was Andrew, and he spoke in a whisper.

"I told you not to call me."

"There's someone here, in the apartment."

A chill shot up my spine.

"Where are you?"

"The bedroom closet."

"Don't do anything. I'll take care of this."

I stood and began to pace, trying to figure the best and fastest thing to do. I decided to try the super. Fortunately, she picked up.

"Sally, Evaline Shipley, in 2B. So sorry to call you, but I just remembered I left a gas burner going. Could you please go, and turn it off? I realize it's a horrible imposition."

"No, problem, Ms. Shipley. I'll go right up. We can't have a fire in the building."

"Thank you. I slip in a larger bonus for you this month."

When the phone clicked off, I relaxed a bit. Sally was an ex-marine, so she could handle anything that was in my apartment. I sat and waited for her to call, because I knew she would.

It took fifteen minutes before Caroline rang her through.

"Ms. Shipley, your burner wasn't on. But Magda Adams was in your apartment. She said your door was open."

"Is she gone now?"

"Yes, ma'am. I told her to leave."

"Was anything disturbed in my apartment?"

"No ma'am, not that I could tell."

"Thank you. Please write up a statement about event. I'll send someone over to notarize it."

I went to Caroline.

"Someone just broke into my condo. Send a notary to my building super's office to notarize her statement. I'm going home to check on things. If anything important comes up, ring it through to me. Do I have any appointments today?"

"There's one at two, but I can re-schedule."

"Good."

Though it was unusual for me to leave in the middle of the day, Caroline had good sense not to ask any questions. 

#

It seemed like forever before the car rolled to the entrance of my condo. The two-floor elevator ride was torturous. At my door, I couldn't get the key in the lock because my hands shook. Once I closed my door, I ran to my bedroom, and opened my closet. I let out a sigh of relief.

"Andrew, are you okay?"

"I am fine, Evaline."

"It was my neighbor Magda. Did she see you?"

"No, Evaline. As soon as I heard someone working the lock, and knowing it couldn't be you, I came in here and called you."

"She told the building super the door was open."

"No, Evaline. I always make sure the door is locked since the other day when she came in here when you were at work."

"What? Andrew, Magda was in here? When was this?"

"The second day I was here."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"I thought that if you had trouble with me here you would send me away."

"Oh, Andrew! No! She shouldn't have been in here. There are laws about this."

"I didn't know that until I looked it up on the Internet. I'm sorry, Evaline."

"What did she do, Andrew, when she was here the first time?"

"She tried to play with me."

"What! How?"

"She touched my lower parts."

I was shaking now. This woman was a fucking pervert. Playing with someone's toy with permission was one thing. Sneaking in and doing it was something else.

"You don't have to worry, Evaline. I did not respond."

"Oh, Andrew."

Any normal toybot would have, wouldn't know the difference. But Andrew was not normal.

We were so fucked. 

#

Andrew assured me that he was okay, that I should go back to the office. He acted like he wasn't as shook up as I felt and why would he? Still something nagged at me. Before I left the apartment I dialed Magda's number. For a few frustrating seconds all I saw was the wide yap of her facial avatar spread across my wall screen, but she picked up the call. She must have figured the best defense was a good offense. A good thing too. She apparently missed the notice running at the bottom of the screen that I was recording the call. 

"Oh, Evaline! How are you? Listen, sweetie, you absolutely must get your door locks checked. I found your door open. Fortunately the super came by-"

"Oh? And did that happen earlier this week too?"

"I don't know what you are talking about," she said.

"I have security cameras in my apartment," I lied. "When I found out you were wandering around my apartment, when a simple call to the super would do, I checked the recordings. Guess what I found, and what you were doing it with?"

Her face turned white.

"You ever enter my apartment again, I will have you arrested. Do you understand me pervert?"

Magda's face turned red. "How dare you-?"

"How dare I? How dare you? Keep clear of me, Magda. I'm not in the mood to play games." I clicked off the call. 

Andrew came out of the bedroom. 

"You told her."

"Yes, I did."

"For me?"

"For both of us."

"Both of us," he repeated. Then he smiled. 

"But listen, it is absolutely imperative that things go off without a hitch tonight. I need witnesses to show that you are a normal toybot."

His smile faded.

"Of course, Evaline. I understand. Go back to work. I will prepare things for this evening."

#

I suppose it was a good thing I went back to work. The client at two PM refused to reschedule. I also suppose it was a good thing that I didn't check my schedule earlier, because it was Liz Carruthers again.

Caroline was right when she said that looking at my schedule gave me headaches. I worked best when I handled things as they came. My problem was I over thought things. It messed with my head to look ahead and figure out the right thing to do. Caroline knew the right time to prompt me for meetings and appointments, and only gave me the briefest of synopses beforehand. 

"Geez," I said. "What does she want now?"

"I don't know, Evaline. She wouldn't say. But she's in your office now."

I fixed a smile on my face, and entered my office. She swiveled in the chair in front of my desk.

"Liz," I said. "To what do I owe the pleasure? Is it time for that fundraiser of yours?"

"No, but I could use a favor."

Good. This was not about her case.

"Would you like a drink?"

"No, I have to keep this short. I'm due for a late lunch at Rolfo's."

"Sure, whatever I can do for you."

"I know you very busy, but a friend of mine was recently hit by a lawsuit, and I told her you could help."

"Have her call."

"I did, but apparently you are booked for several months in advance. I told her I would speak to you."

Okay, this made sense. As managing partner I didn't have that many open slots in my appointment book. As an important client, Caroline would have fit Liz in when she wanted. 

"Think nothing of it. Have her call me here at the office this evening, say around seven, and I'll take her call personally. What is her name?" 

"Lindsey Talbot."

"Talbot Pharmaceuticals?"

"Yes. How did you know?"

"A story about the suit ran in the news this morning."

"Good, well then you know how important it is." She stood to leave. "Thank you, Evaline. See you on the links Sunday?"

"Yes, of course."

"Great, see you then."

#

I couldn't get Lindsey Talbot off the phone. As the digital clock on the phone display wound toward eight PM my panic rose. I swore to myself, knowing my friends were arriving at my door right at this moment.

"How about I go over this material this weekend? I'll do some research," I suggested, "and I'll get back to you on Monday?" Thankfully, Lindsey agreed.

"Caroline." I spoke into my headset. "Get me all the documents relating to the current suit against Talbot Pharmaceuticals and Androdyne."

"Aren't you going home?" she said testily. 

"Yes, but you aren't, not until this is done. But take tomorrow off."

"Tomorrow?" she said. "Just tomorrow?"

"Okay, take Sunday off too."

"Wow, two whole days," she said.

"Don't push it, Caroline."

"Yes, ma'am."

"That's what I like to hear. Goodnight, Caroline."

Despite the fact that I landed a multi-million dollar client, which normally would make me happy, I fidgeted in the car the entire way. I intended to be home before the first one of my friends showed. Worse yet, traffic was hellacious. It was a full forty-five minutes before the car pulled up to my condo.

As I feared, the party was in full swing when I got there. Betty had a key to the apartment, and she didn't hesitate to use it. 

Note to self: change locks on Monday.

The apartment was fully lit and the music system pounded through some modern rock music, all wails and sensuous grunts. Who put that on? 

"Oh, Evaline!" purred Betty with alcohol-fueled enthusiasm, "what a dream your toybot is. Where did you find him?"

I swore some more. What did Andrew do now?"

"Pecks, on fifth."

Kiki's arms draped over the back of the circular pit of my couch, toybots under each arm. Two of the Bradley model stared at her with programmed attention, their hands gliding over body in sensuous swirls. Her lidded eyes showed she was well into her substance of the day, as well into my liquor. A senator's aide, she enjoyed the darker side of Washington a little too much.

"Kiki, "I said. "New 'bots?" 

She smiled. "How sweet of you to think of your friends and rent some extra 'bots. Bradley, darlings, say hello to Evaline."

"Hi, baby," they said in unison.

"Oh, god," I groaned. "Where's Suki?"

"Not sure," she replied as the right hand Bradley groped her breast. "She was here a minute ago." Kiki smiled. "Want a 'bot?"

"No thanks, I'm good."

"I can hardly blame you," she smiled knowingly.

Oh god. 

"Suki!" I called over the music, hoping she'd answer.

The door to my kitchen burst open, and there was dark-haired Suki on one of Andrew's arms. He twirled her into the living room while he held a tray with drinks in hand. I stared as they danced, Andrew, his hips swaying, guiding a drunk, stumbling and giggling Suki to the couch. She fell into the lap of the left hand Bradley. 

"Whee!" giggled Suki as if she was teenager.

"Hello, baby," intoned the Bradley. He slipped his hand under her shirt to play with her tit.

"Here you go," said Andrew as handed her and an equally inebriated Kiki their drinks. Kiki drunkenly set hers on the coffee table, the liquid sloshing over the sides. "Ooops!" she said, and then she gasped when her Bradley squeezed her nipple. He unzipped her shirt and pulled out her breast. She grinned a silly smile to the bot. 

My friends, whatever their faults, weren't drunken whores. At least, not normally. But what was going on here was not normal, oh no. When Andrew turned I cut in front of him.

"Hello, Andrew," I said.

"Hello, Evaline," he replied in his flat robot voice. 

"What the hell is going on here?"

He cocked his head.

"I'm afraid I don't understand the question, Mistress."

Mistress?

"Excuse me, Mistress Betty is waiting for her drink."

Mistress Betty?

Andrew whirled away, moving seductively towards Betty in rhythmic dance. She took the offered glass, whispered something into Andrew's ear. He smiled. She tossed back her drink in one shot, and got up. She threw her arms around his neck, and they started swaying to the music. When they got close to me, Betty smiled. 

"I just love this 'bot's enhancements. You must tell me where I can get them."

"May I?" I said. I was in the middle of a slow burn.

Betty pouted. "If you must. But you have him every day, so don't be too greedy."

"I'll be right back, Mistress Betty," said Andrew. He took my hand and twirled me away from her. Then he grabbed my ass and pressed his hips, hard, into mine.

"Andrew! What are you doing?"

"Pleasuring your friends," he said. He peered over my shoulder, and winked. I turned and saw Betty cupping her own breast, looking at Andrew, while she blew him a kiss. "Your friend is quite the voyeur. She enjoys watching me grind my hips into you."

He gave her a broad smile.

"What is this 'mistress' crap?"

"Tsk, Evaline. Language."

"Andrew!"

"Is there a problem, Evaline? You told me I must pleasure your friends. You didn't tell me how."

He looked into my eyes.

"Are you sorry you missed the Jell-O shots?" 

I just stared at him.

"They've loosened your friends' inhibitions nicely. Too bad they are all gone. You could use one or two yourself."

My mouth gaped opened.

"None of your friends should drive home," he said. "But then again, when they pass out, that won't be possible anyway."

When they pass out.

He gave me a twirl away from him that left me in the middle of the room, and he walked back to Betty. While I glared at him, he stood her up and led her back to the circular couch. Suki and Kiki were in different states of undress, the Bradleys nibbling on their breasts. One Bradley had his hand up Suki's skirt, and she was writhing on it, her moans vying for competition with the music from the sound system. 

Andrew sat Betty opposite the action, giving her an unrestricted view of the antics of my friends. He unbuttoned her shirt, and whispered in her ear. Andrew pulled one breast out over her bra cup and rolled her nipple in his hand. With some more words in her ear, Betty slid her skirt up over her hips. She pushed aside the crotch of her panties to finger herself as Kiki's and Suki's eyes met. 

Still seated on a Bradley's lap, Kiki lowered herself to Suki's face, kissing her. Suki moaned, and Kiki pinched both of Suki's nipples between her fingers. Suki mewled, and her hips rocked back and forth on her Bradley's hand. Encouraged, Kiki sucked Suki's nipple into her mouth, while the Bradley rubbed Suki's snatch. Suki's moans and groans grew louder. Her back arched and she let out a howl, her hips bucking against the Bradley's hand. 

Kiki whispered something into Suki's ear, and Suki smiled, then giggled. Kiki sat up on her Bradley and whispered something to him. Suki did the same.

"Whatever you say, baby," the Bradleys said in unison. 

With another round of giggles, Kiki and Suki rose from the Bradleys, and the two bots stood. Suki threw her arms around Kiki and sucked the woman's tongue into her mouth. Entwined, they knelt facing each other in the couch, and pushed out their asses. Their respective Bradleys climbed onto the couch, pulled down their panties, and slid their tongues down my friends' cracks. Their heads continued to move down and buried their heads in the women's snatches. Kiki's and Suki's firm breasts pressed together as they threw their heads back and moaned. 

"Now," said Kiki huskily. The Bradleys picked their heads up, and pulled down their sweatpants, their erect phalluses pointing at my friends wet pussies. Each pushed forward spearing the women. Both women sighed, and Kiki groaned, as the Bradleys thrust in and out of them. 

I huffed and started for my bedroom. Instantly, Andrew shot to my side.

"Where do you think you are going," he said his voice more a demand than a question.

"To bed."

"No," he said. "Over to the couch." He grabbed my hands and pulled them together behind my back.

"Andrew!" I protested.

"I told you I'd have to punish you," he said in a low voice in my ear. 

"Not now," I said.

"Yes, now." He pushed me forward, bending me over the back of couch where I had full view of the orgy.

Kiki and Suki clung to each other, their lips locked in a passionate kiss. Impaled on phalluses of their ersatz lovers, they twisted each other's nipples. Their Bradleys pumped their pussies while the women clung onto to each other, their faces twisted in pleasure. 
