 I walked the line of the gallery looking over the various models.

"Hmm, these are attractive, but what about programming?"

"They all come with the standard package," the saleswoman said, her voice abnormally perky. I glanced at her again. She was one of those silicon beauties hidden under thick, dark glasses, with her hair done up in a messy bun, wearing a tight pencil skirt, and cream-colored shell. 

"Not like you."

"Oh, no, miss. I'm specially programmed for this job."

Apparently she was programmed for flattery too. I was too far down the road to be called "miss."

"Well, let's see, then." My voice sounded tired even to my ears. But, then again, this was my third toyshop in as many hours.

"Do you have a preference on body type?" she asked.

"Either very blond or very brunette."

She frowned. I was not being specific. Then she perked up and flashed me a big smile. 

"I think I have just the thing," she said. She stepped over to a tall blond who looked like he spent his days riding the waves at Big Sur. "This is our Bradley model. Brad, darling, say hello to our guest."

Bradley's eyes immediately lit with animation.

"Hey, baby," he said. "Care to chat?"

"No."

"But," said the saleswoman.

"No," I said more firmly.

"Take five, Bradley," she said. He grinned a big, white smile at her. "Sure, baby," he said and switched off.

"Anything else?" I said. 

"Well, there is the Tom series. He is a bit out of your stated budget, but he's so worth it. And he comes with multiple options." She winked at me, and I shuddered. 

She strolled over to black haired model, whose brown eyes reminded me of dark chocolate. 

"Tom, say hello to our guest."

Tom's eyes brightened in a delicious way. "Hi, sweetheart."

"Hi, Tom. Tell me more about yourself."

He smiled. "Well, I'm an laid back, easing going, fun guy."

"Take five, Tom," I said.

"Sure, sweetheart." He powered down. 

"I'm sorry." I turned to the front entrance.

"Wait!" said the saleswoman. "I can see you want more than the standard man. And I might have something. Now, I'll be honest. He's a trade-in, and he hasn't been reconditioned yet, but the previous owner did invest in some upgrades."

"What kind of upgrades?"

"You'll see. Follow me."

She led me to the back room where there were unclothed models in various states of repair. I got an eyeful of different upgrades. But the one she stopped at wore a dark business suit with a crisp white shirt. His hair was grey at the temples and he honest-to-god looked a little tired. 

"Andrew, say hello to our guest."

Andrew's eyes showed life, but he gave me a wary glance. I stared at him, marveling at his life-like expression. I smiled, and he smiled back, warmth seeping into his eyes.

"You're not easy going, laid back or fun," I said. 

"No, I am not."

"Perfect."

#

"Are you sure you don't want any changes," said the saleswoman. "We could adjust..."

"No, I'll take him just as he is."

"Once he leaves the showroom..."

"Where are the papers," I said. 

In the end I had to sign, on top of the usual, a waiver of guarantee because I did not allow any reconditioning. That was fine was me. 

"I'll get him then."

The saleswoman left me alone in the tiny office, and quickly returned with Andrew who carried a small paper bag. "Sweetheart, you'll go home with Miss Shipley."

"I will?" he said. 

Hmph. This was unusual. 

"That is, if you want to," I said.

Andrew turned his blue eyes on me.

"I have a choice?"

"Now, Andrew," said the saleswoman.

"No," I said. " If there is something in his programming tells him 'no' then he doesn't have to come with me."

"What would I do?"

"Not much," I admitted. "Robots aren't permitted the run of the streets."

"I'm aware." He almost sounded bitter. "It doesn't sound like much of a choice."

"We all don't have many choices, Andrew." Like buying artificial men because there just weren't that many flesh and blood men left. 

"She's already paid, Andrew. Go along with her."

He looked at me again. Something seemed to pass between us, but that was impossible. He was, after all, a machine. 

"Okay. I'll go with you, Miss Shipley."

"Evaline. Call me Evaline."

"Evaline," he repeated in a nearly toneless voice. 

#

In the elevator going up to my apartment, Andrew stood, face forward, holding that paper bag.

"What's in the bag, Andrew?"

He didn't look at me.

"Enhancements." 

I was going to say something, but then my neighbor, Magda, got in. 

"Ooh, and who's this, Evaline?"

"His name is Andrew."

"Just Andrew?"

"Yes."

"Oh." Her tone held a sneer. I never did like her. 

"Andrew, this is my neighbor, Magda Adams."

He continued to stare ahead. 

"What's wrong with him," said Magda. 

"There is nothing 'wrong' with me, Miss Adams. I am functioning at my normal parameters."

I almost smirked then.

"Andrew, would you please be so kind as say hello to Miss Adams."

"Hello, Miss Adams. It is a pleasure to meet you."

Her eyes widened at the unusual, for a robot, response.

I moved closer to her ear. "He has enhancements," I whispered to her. I drew out the last word in the most suggestive way I could.

She looked at both of us askance.

"Non-standard programming is illegal," she said primly.

"Who said anything about non-standard? I just bought him, as is, from the toy store. They are licensed, you know."

"Which one?"

"Pecks. On Fifth."

"Hmph," she said. "I've never been to that one."

"For as many trade-ins as you've done? I'm surprised."

She huffed and the door opened. Magda fled as fast as she could.

"I take it she's not a friend of yours," said Andrew.

I gave him a look wondering at what he just said.

"Come along. My apartment is the second door on the right."

"Yes, Evaline."

I walked in, but didn't turn on the lights. I liked my apartment just like this, dark, with the lights of the city a backdrop against the huge planes of glass that made up my left wall. The moon was full, its light streaming on the back of my long, curved sofa. 

"This, of course, is the living room. Over there," I pointed to a darkened area to the far left, "is the kitchen. I pointed straight ahead to a set of double doors. "Through there is the bedroom."

His gaze darted around. 

"And where do you want me?" he said. 

"Pardon?"

"Where should I stay when you do not...require me."

"To tell you the truth, I hadn't thought about it."

"You've never had someone like me before?"

I shook my head slowly.

"So, why now?"

"My friends told me I was getting sullen, and difficult. They suggested this."

"Were you? Sullen and difficult."

"I suppose. My work is stressful."

"Would you like a glass of wine?"

"How do you know I have any?"

"A woman like you wouldn't."

I pointed to the kitchen. 

Andrew moved there and doors opened and shut as he looked through cabinets. I heard a bottle uncorked, and soon he returned with two glasses of the white I had in the refrigerator. He handed me one, and sat down next to me on the couch.

"Two glasses?"

"Is that wrong? My last...owner always insisted."

"But you don't drink."

"Of course not. She'd drink it."

"Why were you traded in? She seems to have invested quite a bit in you."

"She didn't. She died and none of her family wanted me."

"I'm sorry."

"For what?"

I took a sip of my wine. "That they didn't want you."

"I'm not. If you don't mind I'd rather not talk about the past."

"What do you want to talk about?"

"Me? Nothing." 

He took my glass and set both his and mine on the coffee table. Andrew raised his hand and traced the line of my jaw with the knuckle of his forefinger. 

"What are you doing?"

"Getting to know you. You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

Gently his hand trailed down my neck to my breast. He made lazy circles around it while he stared into my eyes.

"Like that?" he said.

"Yes." Despite the wine, my throat was suddenly dry.

He cupped the underside of my breast firmly, and then moved the flat of his palm over my nipple, which had hardened under my shirt. 

"Does that feel good?"

"Yes."

Slowly he unbuttoned my silk shirt, and pulled each half to the sides, leaving my black lace bra exposed. 

He brought up each hand to my breasts and pressed against them slightly. His eyes closed briefly, as if he was enjoying this, which was, of course, impossible. The robot took each nipple between his forefingers and thumbs, and pinched them hard. 

"Oh."

He reached around and unsnapped my bra. Andrew pulled up the bra so that my breasts were exposed. He lowered his head and sucked in a nipple. I don't know what I expected, but his lips and tongue were soft. So real. Little tingles of pleasure shot to my spine and I felt myself getting wet. 

His hand fingered my other breast. He didn't rush, wasn't looking for anything else other than to pleasure me. I started breathing harder, and as if that were a cue he pulled me down so that my head was in his lap looking up at him. He continued to stare into my eyes and he reached down and pulled up my skirt with both his hands. Expertly, he stuck his fingers under my panty hose, and pulled them down my thighs. Slowly, so very slowly, he fingered my mound, and then pushed his fingers in around my clit. Still, even then, he didn't assault that spot as if he knew it was too tender to touch. Instead, he moved his fingers all around it, and my back arched.

"Sexy," he whispered. 

I was a little beyond words now, especially as he pulled my head up on his shoulder as if I weighed but a feather. A finger pushed into my pussy. He stroked me. 

"Ah."

"Hmm," he said. "Shall I put another in?"

I nodded, lost in pleasure.

Andrew added a second finger, and pushed a little more forcefully. At the same time he head dipped to one of my breasts again and he sucked in the nipple, this time a little harder. 

I whimpered. His fingers moved faster within me and I was climbing higher on these sensations, and my hips moved in time to his fingering. 

"More," I gasped. 

He added a third finger, and while that felt good, it wasn't enough. 

"Fuck me."

He didn't say a thing, but in an instant he turned me over, and shoved me over the arm of my sofa. My arms rested against the arms of it, my ass in the air. I heard the sound of his belt unclipping and a zipper going down. His hands went to my hips, and the tip of his shaft rubbed the entrance of my pussy. Slowly he pushed in and I pushed against him. 

"Eager," he hissed. With that he plunged inside of me, and then withdrew. And as I made noises of my pleasure he fucked me faster and harder until the I felt nothing but the pleasure rising from my core, up my spine and to my brain. My hips bucked and he slammed into me, again and again, until I came completely undone, screaming, oh god, oh god. But as I started to come down, Andrew didn't stop, and the pleasure came more intense this time. It was so good, it almost hurt, and I couldn't breath anymore. Any oxygen I got was from ragged gasps. My next orgasm slammed into me.

"I can't," I gasped. 

His fingers moved around my waist and his thumbs pushed into the small of my back.

"One more, Evaline. One more for me."

He didn't stop fucking me, and my mind spun from his insistent stroking. My body, good god, responded again, splintering me into a thousands pieces. 

"Andrew!" I wailed. 

He pushed harder a few more strokes, and I heard a groan, and felt something spurt inside me. Finally, he stilled, though he laid his head on my back. Then he slid away and pulled me up, wrapping his arms around me. 

I looked into his blue eyes. 

"You came?" I said in wonder. This was NOT part of the programming.

He smiled.

"Yes. Enhancements."

#

If I thought we were done, I was wrong. After a while of him holding me, I made moves to get up.

"What do you want?" he asked.

"I need to go the bathroom."

"Oh," he said as if he hadn't considered that. He let go of me, and I went into my bedroom, then my bath. When I done, I got up and flushed, and turned.

"Jesus!" I said startled. Andrew was inside the door staring at me. He was only wearing his white shirt opened, showing his chest. I couldn't help but stare myself. The body of the cyborg was formed ripped and toned, with a sexy V that cut from his hips. His penis and balls were a perfectly proportioned package was a thing of beauty all on its own. I caught myself thinking about what I would do with it. 

"Perhaps, you'd like a shower," he said. 

Without waiting for an answer, he turned on the water. Slowly, seductively, he removed my shirt, bra, shirt and panties as I stood there. 

"Get in, Evaline. It's warmer in the shower." The shower looked good, like just the thing I needed then, so I followed the robot's instructions. 

The water slid over my head and down my body, and my eyes were closed. I guess I shouldn't have been surprised when I felt his hands soaping my body.

"Does that feel good," he asked.

"Yes. Tell me something now. When you came, what was that? For what purpose?"

He was silent for a long space of a few seconds.

"It is known that sexual activity with artificial surfaces can be irritating to human skin."

I nodded. My friends told me something like that.

"It is just a liquid to sooth those areas, nothing more."

"A lubricant?" That sounded silly. It would be better to lube before.

"No, not a lubricant, though we can use those if you wish."

If I wish.

"Doesn't bother you either way, does it?"

"How can it?"

Good answer. 

He turned me around and kneeled to wash my hips and legs. His head was almost level with my mound. Working upward, he washed my feet, calves and thighs. When he got to my hips, he moved his hand to my pussy, soaping it, and then using his hands to bring hot water to rinse it. I sighed.

"Feels good?"

"Yes."

But he didn't stop there, his fingers exploring my pussy once again, his eyes looking to my face to watch my expression. Between his finger and the hot water, I was getting hot again. I tilted my head back. 

I felt his hands on my hips, and something against my clit. His tongue was there pushing and probing. 

"Oh, Jesus."

He pulled his head away. "My name is Andrew. Did you forget?"

"Good god, no."

"So you want me to continue?"

"Yes," I gasped.

He set back to his work, his mouth moving against my mound, suckling it.

A little noise escaped my throat and my hips bucked in his face. 

His hands came down, and parted the folds over my clit. 

"Your clitoris is very swollen and red."

"I do believe that is part of the process."

"It's very tender, isn't it?"

"Yes. Don't touch it."

"I won't." Instead, he blew on it, slowly, forcefully, his breath hot from the steam in the shower. He filled his mouth with the water streaming down and blew that as a steady stream over my exposed clit. 

Oh shit. I shivered. 

I didn't know robots breathed.

"You are very responsive," he said. "But you aren't getting excited enough."

"Enough for what?"

"Enough to orgasm."

He stood up suddenly, spun me around, and with his hands, pulled my wrists in back of me. He took them both in one inhumanly strong hand, and with the other pushed down on my back. 

"Bend over, and spread your legs."

"Andrew."

"Spread your legs," he said again. 

My heart pumped in my chest. What was wrong with the crazy robot?

"Stop," I said.

He bent over to my ear, his shaft pushing between my legs.

"If you want, I'll stop. But your heart is pumping hard and your skin is flushed. Your vagina is very, very wet, and not from the water. You want this. You want it just like this. I can give it to you. Let me give it to you, Evaline." 

He was right. I did.

I nodded my head.

"Good. Don't make me explain myself again."

With that he pushed inside me, and I gasped. With one hand he held mine, with his other he grabbed me around the waist, holding me in a position that no human male could hold for long. His hips moved, as he held me in place. I had no control, did not want any control over what was happening. My wrists ached, and he must have felt something. He let one hand go.

"Hold it against the wall," he said. He pulled back and slammed into me. 

"Fuck," I said. 

He picked up the pace, faster and deeper until I felt him pounding into my furthest walls. My head dipped down, and my legs were shaking as my orgasm rolled over me, gathering force against his control.

"Oh," I said.

"Say my name," he demanded.

"Andrew." 

And he pushed harder almost jamming my head into the wall of the shower. He pulled back on my hand, gripped my waist tighter, and stroked and stroked until white heat exploded in my core and my brain. I was nothing but a glowing ball of pleasure.

"Andrew," I screamed. 

I panted as my body came down from my orgasm, feeling dizzy and lightheaded. My legs trembled.

"Oh god, what did you do to me?"

He picked me up and lay me gently on the bed. With a towel he wiped me down, and then tucked my blankets around me. I was exhausted, sexually sated, cozy and warm. I feel asleep quickly as the robot sat on the edge of my bed. 

#

I woke to sunlight streaming through my bedroom windows, which was unusual. I kept my shades drawn. 

The smell of coffee was in the air. 

Coffee?

The events of the previous night seeped into my brain. I sucked in a breath. That was nothing, nothing at all what my friends did with their toys. I wondered about the extent of Andrew's enhancements. 

My bedroom door opened, and Andrew entered carrying a glass of orange juice and coffee. He set them down on my nightstand.

"It's good you are awake. You have just enough to time to get ready for the office. You don't have much for breakfast."

"I don't eat breakfast."

"You will. It's not good for you to work without food."

I sat up, picked up the orange juice and stared at him.

"I bet you say that to all the girls."

"Pardon?"

"Nothing. Ignore that comment."

"I checked your schedule on your phone. You have a nine o'clock appointment with a new client. What sort of wardrobe do you wear for such an event?"

"A light suit, perhaps a scarf with it."

He moved over to my closet, and started leafing through my clothes.

"Compared to the fashion magazines, your wardrobe needs an update."

Now it was my turn. "Pardon?"

"Here." He pulled out a gray suit I rarely wore, and a fuchsia colored silk shirt, which I never did. Along with that he took a gray and cream silk scarf, the gray matching my suit.

"I recommend this, though, of course, you can choose something else."

He picked up a pair of fuchsia pumps bought in a moment of idiocy. I had forgotten about them.

"The magazines say that color should be combined with neutrals."

"Andrew. This is not part of the standard programming."

"I know," he said his back still to me while he looked through the closet. He started pulling out some suits and he laid them on the chair by the closet.

"These are too out-of-date. Do you have a tailor to send them to update them, or should they be donated to a charity?"

"Andrew!" I said more sharply. My heart was now beating like a freight train in my chest. Just how non-standard was this robot? 

He turned.

"Is there a problem?"

"You know damn well there is a problem."

He walked back over to the edge of the bed and sat, and looked into my eyes. 

"You are afraid."

"Yes."

He sat for a second as if thinking.

"Would it have been better if I hid what I was to you?"

I sucked in a deep breath.

"Because, I could see right away that the usual one of my kind wouldn't be enough for you."

"How could you know that?"
