 An excerpt from Archimend's "On the Great Assassin Guilds- The House of Towers."

… one interesting note about the House of Towers is their practice of raising even the infirm born among them, the stupid, crippled, mute, blind, or deaf, but casting them out into the world at their breeding age of sixteen. The House of Towers believes that all of them must be given a good upbringing, and indeed all are taught their deadly ways. But they believe only the firm should breed, and those youths deemed acceptable enter their "breeding age," four years from eighteen to twenty two where there main duty is to mate with applicable females when not in training. After these years of unrelenting love, the new assassin swears an oath that he will never take a woman again. The outcasts, however, are abandoned, and may do as they wish. This practices creates a homeless, deadly, but potentially crippled drifter that knows nothing of females or the outside world in general. Indeed, he has never met a girl his whole life! It is, in my opinion, one of the most interesting and confusing positions a human being can be in. To be twenty and know not one thing of the pleasures of the flesh? A confusing situation indeed.

-Vol. VII, page 123. End Excerpt

Despite the snow, the town was raucous, for it was a festival day. It was an early snow, and many had remarked on it ruining the fall festival, but here they were, turned out in throngs, happily drinking and laughing and generally carrying on in the snowy streets of the town. 

A loud crash came from a tavern, and a beam of light emanated from the doors as they burst forth with a woman and two men she had her arms around. She was drunk, and so were they. She was touching them all over, and the men were barely suppressing themselves. They talked and flirted, the woman caressed them as she talked. Soon, one took a deep drink and pulled the woman's top up, and both began suddenly to suck at her breasts. She laughed and let him, her chuckle fading quickly into a look of serious enjoyment. Their tongues swirled around her breasts, and they sucked hungrily like starved infants. The woman moaned and buck with pleasure. The men and women around them laughed, business as usual.

A boy, nineteen by his looks, stopped his forward progress to look at her. He watched, not her, but little details about her. He watched her lips as they pursed, and formed little moans that escaped her unbidden. He watched her fingers tug gently at the men's hair, and her thighs tighten and legs twist as a hand worked its way inside her cold-weather skirt, and went fervently into motion there. He watched every small part of her, and played it back in his imagination where it glistened. As one of her hands reached to a man's crotch and began to massage, the boy imagined her lips wrapping tightly around his penis, though he did not know why.

Suddenly, he put it out of his mind and continued forward, tearing his eyes away from the woman who was now writhing, and the men undoing their pantstrings. He stayed towards the edges, and though he passed mere inches from many people no one took him notice. He was very cold, and the hunger gnawed at his belly, all he sought was shelter and sleep. Though the town watch, who were out in force tonight, would have quickly stopped him and extorted money out of him if he were seen, none saw. None heard, and their spears stayed pointed low, their old swords sheathed.

At the edge of town, where the farmland began to grow out into the horizon, he found a barn. There was a guard dog, nearby, but it did not wake as he walked past it, mere feet, and though the main barn door was locked he deftly climbed to the upper loft door and let himself in.

There, he found himself in a hayloft, and, finding himself a nice dry corner, rolled himself in hay and lay down to sleep.

But it would not do. Imagines, flashes kept playing in his mind. They were not new images. He had been having them for months, but did not understand where they came from. Women moaned in his mind, and writhed, their lips glistened and their bodies curved and arched against him. His penis had stiffened again, for what seemed like the millionth time, and he did not understand why. His body shook with unbidden pleasure. Something, he lamented, was happening to him. Reluctantly, he reached up to put out the lamp that hung there, but did not reach it.

He heard the bottom door suddenly squeak open, and tensed. The unmistakable giggle of a young girl was quickly shushed by another, masculine voice. His eyes opened wide as the images in his head suddenly coalesced into a pretty girl, and a pang of pleasure shot along his shaft and up his whole body.

He heard the ladder that lead up to the loft rattle with use, and soon, a young man's head peaked over the top, unable to see him where he hid. He looked to be in his mid twenties. He pulled himself up, and reached down the ladder, and lifted up his prize.

A stunningly pretty, but very simply dressed peasant girl that looked to be the same age as the boy in the hay, was lifted up by the young man and immediately the two embraced. She was not pretty as noble girls were, but was pleasantly voluptuous, full. Her bones had meat, but her figure was still slim and attractive, her face sweet. Her breasts were full and supple, her ass curved and round. 

Her arms went around him and she kissed him hungrily. They fell back, into the hay, and the man's hand went down to her skirt and pulled it up, revealing her ass. The boy's eyes widened. He had never seen a girl naked before, but this one was just that. Under her skirt, her pussy glistened in the dull lamplight, and spread invitingly before the young man's wandering fingers, which caressed and touched it. She moaned, breaking their kiss, and the young man took this as his cue to kiss her neck and bite it. She moaned louder.

They went on like this for many minutes, the boy in the hay growing stiffer all the while. The young man's fingers continually probed along her pussy, and she had arched invitingly toward them several times, but every time it looked as though they would slide in, he took them away. She was quivering in anticipation. Finally:

"Marin," she pleaded, looking at him suddenly, between her kisses. "Please. "Please. I want you inside me." Then she whispered-

"I'm so wet Marin."

Marin smiled. His pants leg, where her pussy rested, had indeed been moistened. He knew he had gotten very lucky indeed. Anne was very drunk, and would not be doing this in her right mind. But he knew her type. He knew her, better than she knew herself. Anne wouldn't do this because her parents, the wealthiest farmers in Rim Elm, so rich they could afford a servant, would kill her. But he knew she wanted it. Knew she stayed up nights thinking about it. And knew for a fact that she touched herself when she thought of a boys fingers entering her. 

Marin shook his head. "You have to do something for me first." He said. 

"What," she asked, innocently curious, and when she asked her question he knew also that she thought he was doing her the favor. "I… I can help you with your fieldwork," she stammered. "Or… or take care of your little sister when you want to be with your friends."

Marin smiled. "That's not quite what I meant. Close your eyes."

She did, instantly. He began loosening his pants, and with her still on top of him, the boy wondered how she didn't realize what was happening. Soon, Marin's cock sprung from his pants and waved below her. Marin reached forward and gently grabbed her breasts, and as he did, his penis jerked reflexively. He took her hand and guided it down to him, and as she grasped his cock she sucked in air.

"Marin," she whispered. "I… I don't-"

"Shhhhh," Marin soothed. He took the stitching out of her blouse with one hand as he spoke. "It's okay."

His hand closed around hers, and began guiding it up and down along his shaft. The boy in the hay's eyes goggled.

"Good," Marin said. "Have you ever done this before?"

"N-n-yes. Yes once," she stammered, eyes still closed. "Once. Two years ago. But my father came home and the boy ran away."

"Well," Marin said, his glinting. "I wouldn't have left. I would have hid under your bed and waited until father had gone and," here he finished her blouse and her full, large breasts, whose size had been hidden under her blouse, popped out, "taken you until you screamed."

She shuddered and smiled, her hand now pumping of its own volition.

"Open your eyes," he commanded. Her eyes widened as she saw his hard prick, and she bent lower to look at it. This worked her pussy closer towards Marin's fingers, and again he began to rub it.

"Am… am I doing it right?" she asked, marveling at the hard prick in front of her.

"Grip a little higher," he said, "and go a little fast- yes, like that. Gods Anne, your so pretty."

She smiled, but Marin seemed to be pondering something.

"Ann?" he asked. "It would be better if… if it was a little slicker."

"Slicker," she asked, then suddenly comprehended. "How am I supposed to get it slicker?"

He smiled, and then bent lower and whispered in her ear. All the while, her hand pumped steadily on his prick, which had begun to ooze a glistening, clear substance. The boy in the hay felt, suddenly, with his hand on himself, that he was sticky with the same stuff.

"I- I don't know," Ann said, a little worried, but then looked down at the cock before her. "I… yes."

And she bent a little lower, and licked. Marin's eyes rolled back, and he lay against the hay. Whatever inhibitions Anne had she shucked after the first lick. She licked lovingly along his shaft and head, and, though Marin's hand still gripped hers, it was more a sign of affection and less a necessity. He just wanted to hold her hand, which pumped easily and gracefully now. A soft, wet noise began in the loft, in time with her pumps down his shaft.

She licked greedily, jerking all the while, long luxurious licks punctuated by quick, cat-drinking-water licks. Every tiny inch of her licks was impressed on the memories of both boys forever.

Soon, she looked up at Marin, and her eyes furrowed with an idea. Bending back down to her task, she tightened her lips around his head. The boy in the hay could almost feel her tongue flicking across the tip, and then she began to ease slowly down the length and then back up. Marin's mouth opened in pleasured disbelief, his body going utterly relaxed.

Feeling that she had earned her reward, Marin's fingers stop massaging her by now dripping pussy, and a finger slid inside her. Her eyes went wide, and a surprised moan was muffled by his cock. He began to pump in and out of her.

She stopped sucking long enough to say, "Oh Marin," and then with a pleasured pause continued. By her fervor and the pleasured moans coming from her full mouth, she was in heaven. Her pussy was quivering and pulsing visibly on Marin's busy fingers. Still she sucked, head bobbing up and down in a fierce and loving rhythm. She would pause and lick, and then stroke his cock lovingly, pressing it against her moaning lips before she would take it again in her mouth and suck again. The boy in the hay could hardly breath. The clear, sticky fluid was beginning to soak through his thin pants.

Without warning, Marin's back began to arch. His fingers slid out of her, and both his hands gripped her hair gently.

"Annnnne," he moaned. "Gods Anne Gods!"

Anne's eyes opened suddenly in bewilderment and surprise. The boy in the hay wondered what was happening, and she suddenly swallowed, as if drinking. She gulped, as if he were pumping something into her. The answer came to the boy as she took the cock from her mouth and stroked. It was gushing a white milky fluid like a fountain, spurting it across her face as she stroked, a small bit splattering one of her pert breasts. The boy stared in disbelief. She gasped wildly as sticky, pearly white liquid dripped like molasses from her lips and bespackled her cheek and chin. She was loving it, smiling and content.

Suddenly, unbidden, a rush of pleasure that had been building in the boy cascaded out. As he focused on her face, her lips pursing against Marin's rigid, slick cock with an expression of utter love and devotion, her mouth and cheek sticky with the white substance, the pleasure that had been building in him suddenly flooded out. His cock began to spasm and rock, and every muscle in his body tightened. He bit his lip to keep from crying out, and a tear trickled down his face. His pants felt suddenly sticky, and he felt something flood out of him. He had no idea what had happened. He though he had wet himself, but it did not feel that way.

His first climax.

Meanwhile, Marin lay back momentarily. He was breathing hard, and Anne lay across his chest, fondling his cock with curiosity. 

"That was…" Marin said, and Anne blushed.

"It was nice," she said suddenly. "I… I liked it… I like you…"

Marin chuckled, and then his appeased smile became a devil's grin.

"Anne?" he asked.

"Yes," she whispered.

"Turn around."

She looked at him curiously, but did so. The loft did not allow her room to stand, so she knelt. Marin rose kneeling too, but pushed her forward, bent over. Her ass stuck into the air, and, as Marin lifted her skirt, the boy was treated to another view of her pussy. Her inner thighs were wet. He immediately stiffened again.

"Now Anne," Marin whispered, as he slipped his head under her legs, positioning his mouth below her pussy. Marin's cock sprung to life again. "I'm an equitable man. I always return what's due."

He licked her, gently, and her eyes widened.

"Marin, I-" but she stopped speaking as he slipped a finger inside her. She sucked in breath sharply, and his tongue went to work. He did not lick along her pussy, but right above it, on a little mound of flesh that looked to the boy to be bright red, and seemed pliable and tough. He licked there, not as she had but in long, regular licks, sometimes pausing to kiss the spot or swirl his tongue there. His finger continued to pump in and out of her, slowly, like a well-screw bringing up spring water. Only as Marin's finger came out, her pussy glistened with fresh wetness, and extracted fresh moans and a smell that seemed to fill the loft. It was not a bad smell. Commingling with the hay, it smelled heady and strong, and the boy realized it was the smell of woman. The boy took deep breaths of it and smiled, staring longingly at her flower.

Anne began to moan and her breaths became hard and full. It was not as before. These moans seemed to be uncontrolled, plucked from her body by Marin's fingers and tongue. She bit her lip and her rolling eyes pleaded, and she let her arms go loose to arch her ass higher, her face and shoulders touching the ground. Her fingers went shyly to her own breasts, and began to squeeze the nipples and tweak them. In the cool air, they were as hard as rocks.

"Marin," she said. "It feels so wonderful. Marin, I've never- Marin, please don-" and she moaned again.

Like Marin before, her back arched violently, and without warning. Her eyes went wide, and her mouth hung open in pleasant surprise. She was shuddering and gasping. Something obviously was happening to her.

"Marin, something's happening Marin," she moaned. His tongue worked furiously at her pussy, his fingers, two now, pushing in and pulling out of her with hungry tempo. Her pussy, spread wide in this way, made a slight and not unpleasant noise as his fingers stole in and came, triumphantly shinnying with juices, back out. 

"Marin," she whispered, her body shivering. "I've never felt this before I-"

Then, Marin did something unexpected. Anne, the boy would later realize, was beyond the point of no return, and Marin knew he could do as he pleased. Even if she objected, she would not for long. He had heard from a friend that this heightened a girl's pleasure, and so he tried it.

The boy watched as Marin slipped a finger into the girl's tight ass. Her eyes went wide with surprise as he did, and her mouth formed 'no' but it instantly changed as fingers pumped in and out of her pussy and ass and Marin's tired tongue worked zealously against her clit.

She buried her face in the hay, its thick scent filling her nose, and her body suddenly began to shake. Her pussy quivered and her legs reached up into the air and began to kick up and down. Stifled, hot noises spilled uncontrolled from her mouth. The boy watched as her pussy began to contract on his fingers, and the finger that slid into her ass met sudden resistance as it tightened further. 

Slowly, she subsided.

Marin arose, and held the girl. She began to cry, softly, against his shoulder, and he lay back with her and held her. Her tears trickled down his shoulder and he kissed her hair and told her it was alright. He shushed her and held her and she cried, though her face smiled happily.

The two fell asleep that way, in each others arms. The boy fell who could not sleep, lay awake replaying vivid images in his mind, but was woken later. The light was off, but he heard whispers.

"Marin, please Marin yes," came Anne.

"Gods Anne," came the reply. "I want to see you. I want to see you moan. I want to see your wet flower."

A match was struck, and the lamplight flickered on. The boy had grown hard again, with their whispers, but was still surprised by what he saw. The couple lay, Anne on top, sucking greedily on Marin's cock, while she straddled his face, his finger in her ass. He lit the lamp, but as soon as it blazed, he returned to licking her pussy.

She was growing wet again, he could see. But as they worked on each other, Marin suddenly pushed her forward.

"Marin, what?" she said in surprise.

"You're wet enough," he said, suddenly serious, and pushed her down on all fours. He gripped her hips. Suddenly, he was inside her.

The boy gaped at how wonderful it looked. Her pussy parted naturally and gracefully, allowing his hard cock easy but pleasantly tight entry. She moaned in surprise.

"Marin!" 

He began to fuck, slowly at first, her back arching at random to attain better angles. Her fingers were busy rubbing her own pussy, and her eyes were shut and pleasured.

"Marin please!" she whispered, panting. "My ass!"

Marin slid a finger into her ass, where it tightened. He began to fuck her with it. His other hand reached around and cupped one of her full breast, and little mounds of it seeped between his open fingers. 

Her eyes opened, fulfilled. They landed upon the boy's.

She did not scream, so the boy did not at first know he had been seen. But as she said "Stop," with a seriousness that made Marin reluctantly cease his motion, he knew he was in trouble. The boy began to shake.

"Come out of there," she said, and the boy slid from his hiding place. Marin's eyes went wide.

"Who the hell are you?" he asked angrily.

"Marin!" she said, aghast. "We probably caught him up here. He looks scared." She did not seem to remember she was being fucked. Her self-shame did not, it seemed, outstrip her manners. The boy was scared, and was shaking, well aware that his cock was rock hard and stuck out from his pants.

"What's your name?" Marin asked, suddenly polite. The boy pointed to his throat and shook his head.

"You can't speak?" Anne said. "But you can understand."

The boy nodded. Anne looked back at Marin, and then grinned. He looked at her curiously, but then grinned back.

"He is handsome," she said. "Look at that stomach. I've never seen a more muscled stomach."

"Well," Marin said, winking at the boy. "It seems you have us by the balls." He laughed at this. The boy didn't. "If you tell anyone we were up here, we're dead. Her parents will send her to a convent and never let me," and here he thrust into her, eliciting a slight expression of pleasure from her, "fill her up again."
