 Authors Note: This series is my first on Literotica, and on Skyrim. This particular set of stories revolves around my leveled character, so it is just kind of hodge-podge (she is my first 'real' Skyrim character in game [My 'first first' character became corrupted and the game unplayable]). After this series is finished, I have more specific writings in the works. 

*****

Ex's and Oh's 

The battle at Ysgramor was unlike anything Athene had ever experienced. Despite going against Hercine's wishes, the battles were honorable and intense. Everyone escaped relatively intact, and in good spirits. Kodlak, even in spirit a great leader, praised them all and thanked them for giving him the ability to reside peacefully in Sovngarde. He appointed Athene Harbinger of Jorvasskr, and nobody questioned the decision. 

She, Mercurio, and Barbos left Ysgramor with Aela the Huntress, but left Vilkas behind as he wanted to continue investigating the ruins. They traveled happily to Whiterun where they intended to celebrate Kodlak's new journey and begin to heal their pain.

The Companions back at Jorvasskr were surprised, but accepting of Athene's new role, and they all set to merry-making. A great feast was held, and the ale, wine and mead flew freely. 

Athene and Mercurio were not finished when the rest of the Companion's had tapped out, however. Athene decided it was time for a few days rest, and had no work lined up like the rest of them. The elf and the Cyrodill man ventured from the hut and on to the Bannered Mare, where there was still joviality to be had. The owner of the tavern gladly sloshed a couple cups of mead for them and they retired to a table where they could laugh and be free as they pleased.

A bard was playing a lively tune and the other residents of the tavern were clapping, stomping and singing along with him as he strummed his lute with skill. 

"Ah...there is nothing better than this, is there?" Athene asked Mercurio with a smile.

Mercurio returned it. "I should say not!" In truth, he could think of one thing better than celebrating victory with a pint, but he kept it to himself.

Since they had left Solitude, his only break in thinking about Athene and her wife was in Ysgramor. Now that that issue had been resolved, his fantasies were haunting him again, and he felt a familiar ache tighten his groin. He took a long swig of his ale, finishing the dregs, and stood, offering to grab Athene another as well, which she heartily accepted.

Mercurio took his time getting the drinks, stopping to talk to the local drunk and offer him a gold coin. He hoped the fire burning inside him would dwindle down for the time being, but it didn't seem to be dissipating. Resignedly, he grabbed the mugs and headed back for the table where Athene was sitting. He was not expecting to see her in the arms of Vilkas; nor was that how he had hoped to ice his yearning.

The olive-skinned man approached the table, holding the mugs and offered Athene hers as she broke away from Vilkas. She had the good grace to smile at him as she accepted.

"Vilkas has returned sooner than we anticipated!" She exclaimed gleefully, obviously buzzed from an evening of drinking.

Vilkas smirked at Mercurio, although he could not tell if that was how the man always smiled, or if he was trying to lord himself over Mercurio.

"I intend to return, but as a Nord, I couldn't miss this opportunity for celebration. However, it would seem I missed all the fun at Jorvasskr."

Athene laughed and invited Vilkas to join them as she fetched a third drink. The two men sat opposite each other, eyeing the other warily. The elf returned, set the drink in front of Vilkas, and plopped contentedly down in her seat.

"So, did you find anything of worth, there?" She asked with interest, taking a healthy drink of her ale.

Vilkas matched her. "Aye, I believe I have, but it's too soon to go about making assumptions."

Athene took another drink, and Vilkas did the same. She set her drink down and eyeballed him. He grinned at her, and Mercurio fumed silently. The elven woman took two more drinks, and then finished the mug off, setting it down on the table with a satisfied exhale. Vilkas laughed and followed her lead. Mercurio, not wanting to be left out, tipped his drink back, and sucked it all down, a bit of ale trickling from the edges of his mouth. 

"Ahhhh!" He sighed, slamming down his cup and wiping off his mouth.

The other two were staring at him and he froze. Athene began laughing, and Vilkas joined in before hollering at a tavern maid for more drinks.

"We'll see a Nord out of you yet, mage!" Vilkas bellowed good-naturedly and slid a drink across the table as the maiden brought them forth.

The raven haired man raised his cup to Mercurio, who clinked it with his and Athene's and the three of them tossed back their drinks. They ordered a few more rounds, each trying to out-drink the other. The night continued on like this; the tavern was alive in to the wee hours of the night. There were card games, board games, and sword games abound; and at one point in time, Athene demonstrated the power of her Thu'um with a bet on how many people she could knock over (naturally, she won the gold wagered and the tavern drank it away joyfully). The bard strummed his lute, the patrons danced and sang and drank somewhere a bottle of Skooma was passed around; the dragonborne, the mage, and the Nord made merry; they sang along with the bard, they danced like fools; they held Athene's hair back as she vomited in the grass behind the tavern. 

Laughing, she finished her lurching, still very much a regular mortal despite her many titles. The trio sat on the cobblestone path, near exhaustion, but feeling great. Athene produced a water-skin and drank heartily of it, rinsing the taste of mead from her mouth.

"The guards'll be around to break up this merriment soon enough." Mercurio slurred, leaning back on his palms and breathing in crisp autumn air. 

Vilkas was still nursing a healthy cup of ale and protested.

"Likely not with the dragonborne, here. They'd as soon shit their knickers than put up a decent fight." The Nord made a great show of mocking the staunch guards.

Athene and Mercurio both laughed.

"Let's take it to my place." Athene suggested, getting up and brushing the grass off her trousers. 

She took off in the direction of Breezehome, her first home in Skyrim. The men got up and stumbled after her. They reached the small cottage and Athene fiddled with the doorknob for a moment in her stupor before managing to get it open. The three of them ambled inside, and the elf rooted around for a bottle of wine.

Procuring a bottle, she popped it open and took a healthy swig before passing it to her nearest company. Vilkas took it, took a mighty drink and handed it off to Mercurio. Mercurio took the bottle and looked it over, trying to focus his eyes. 'Black-Briar', it said. It was good stuff. The Cyrodillian drank from it, savoring the sweet thickness of the drink. When he'd had his share and made to pass it, his eyes stopped on Vilkas and Athene. 

The Dragonborne was sitting on an end table, Vilkas standing between her legs, and they were locked in a silent battle of tongues. He took another drink and watched them just as silently for a few moments. Vilkas moved to Athene's neck and she opened her eyes to Mercurio. He could tell she smiled at him, but she made no move to stop the Nord's advances. In fact, she turned her attention from Mercurio to the underside of Vilkas' ear and flicked her tongue against his skin and ran her nails down his back. Mercurio felt the fire inside him building again as he watched the two. 

The elf stood then, and tucked a finger into Vilkas' tunic, leading him toward the stairs. The Nord turned and locked eyes with Mercurio for a moment before following the woman. Mercurio hesitated for a little bit and then followed as well.

Upstairs, Vilkas was laying on the edge of the bed, his legs draped to the floor, and Athene was straddling him. Mercurio slipped silently in the shadows to a small table and sunk into a padded chair, watching. Vilkas had both of his hands on Athene's cheeks and the two were gazing at each other intently, a hairs breadth apart. It was like watching two Khajiit dancers in slow motion, all beauty and power and mystery; their lips brushed together softly, tongues darting back and forth sensually. Vilkas moved his hands from Athene's cheeks to the sides of her breasts and with painstaking care moved to pull up her tunic. She sat up on his lap as he removed the cloth, and bathed topless in the moonlight trickling from the small circular windows above. Neither seemed to notice Mercurio sitting silently in the shadows, and he made no move to change that.

Athene took the same care to lift Vilkas' own tunic, and lavished his broad muscular chest with her lips and tongue. He moaned contentedly and ran his fingers through her snowy hair. Athene moved her attentions downward and stripped Vilkas of his trousers, and stood in the middle of the room to do the same. Both the Nord and the Cyrodill native watched, captivated, as she slowly wriggled out of her trousers, kicking them to the side and standing in all her naked glory, glowing completely with moonlight.

She climbed back on to Vilkas and poised herself above his rigid member. Dropping to her knees, she began to sheath him inside herself, the both of them groaning with pleasure. Mercurio was rock hard by now, his pants straining to contain his manhood. Athene was rocking back and forth on Vilkas as the Nord grasped her breasts, thumbing the pert nipples as he did so. Mercurio could take no more and stood, approaching the bed. He reached over and slid a hand around the back of Athene's neck; she turned to face him, still rocking back and forth on her lover. The coffee skinned man reached over and brushed his lips against hers, causing a moan to escape her. 

Vilkas, noticing a slowing of her rhythm, picked up on his end, grasping her buttocks and lifting her gently to pump in and out of her. Mercurio climbed up onto the bed and released his solid member, which Athene gripped attentively and ran her hand over. Mercurio rolled his head back and moaned at her touch, shivering as she gently placed her lips on the swollen tip. Athene was dripping at this; having one brawny, honorable Nord beneath her, and the shaft of a brave and powerful mage in her mouth. She moaned around him and cupped his ballsacs.

Mercurio bit his lip and ran his fingers through her hair, pulling her head forward, further on to him. Athene took him with grace, feeling the tip of his member slipping down the back of her throat. She sucked as he pulled out, and whipped her tongue around the ridge of his head before he began his ascent in again. He rode her mouth patiently as Vilkas pounded her from beneath, savoring every moment in her mouth.

Athene was riding a steady wave of bliss as she thoughtfully tongued Mercurio and whimpered upon Vilkas' hips. Vilkas brushed his thumbs over her nipples before sliding them down to her hips and holding her steady as he began thrashing inside her furiously. Mercurio continued pumping in and out of Athene's mouth steadily, and she moaned and hummed upon him. Vilkas groaned, low and long, slamming his cock inside Athene one last time, filling her completely. Athene pulled away from Mercurio and looked down at Vilkas, who grinned sheepishly.

"Sorry lass, must be the mead." He kissed her breasts. "I'll make it up to you. After a water break."

Mercurio held out his hands to help Athene up, and Vilkas stumbled out of the room and noisily down the stairs. The bronze-skinned man gently ushered Athene on to her back on the bed and poised himself between her legs. He reached up and thrust his tongue in to her mouth as he pumped two fingers inside her dripping snatch. Deliberately, he began moistening Athene's rear with her and Vilkas' combined juices, delicately pressing his fingers into her puckered bud. Athene whimpered, a jolt of desire enflaming her stomach, and kissed Mercurio deeper. He slowly inched his cock inside her sopping pussy, and fucked her slowly for a moment before unsheathing his glistening cock and pressing it against her ass. 

She whimpered and wriggled beneath him as he leisurely worked his thick member bit by bit into her lubricated rear. Athene tossed her head back off the edge of the bed and sighed lustfully as his cock continued to slide into her. She had never felt this before, and it was exhilarating. Mercurio groaned behind clenched teeth, his thumb rubbing circles on her swollen clit as he worked himself in and out of her ass. He pulled his cock out then, plunged it back in to her snatch for lubrication, and then dove back into her rear entrance. Athene gasped and cried out loud, arching her back in pleasure. Slowly, Mercurio began pumping in and out of her, still rubbing her clit, and dipping his fingers inside of her. 

Vilkas returned as they were building a good pace, his cock quickly growing hard again. He approached the duo and pressed his manhood against Athene's lips, which she eagerly accepted. Mercurio continued to fill first her ass and then lube up with her pussy, keeping her nice and wet; which wasn't hard as she seemed to enjoy sucking on Vilkas as much as he was enjoying her sucking on him.

Finally, Mercurio pulled Athene away from her administrations, ejecting his cock from her, much to her disappointment, and laid her on her back on top of him. He motioned for Vilkas to assume position between her legs, for which the Companion hastily obeyed. Mercurio grabbed Athene's breasts and breathed into her ear as he kissed her neck.

"Do you want my cock?" He asked her lustily. Her response was a nod and a whimper. "Do you want Vilkas' cock?" 

"Yes." She whispered throatily.

"Do you need his cock?" He asked, pinching her nipples tenderly. She hesitated for a moment, but nodded her head. "Good." Mercurio growled, licking her earlobe. "Tell him that." She didn't say anything at first, and Mercurio rubbed his member against her asshole, eliciting a moan from the elf. "Tell him you need his cock."

Athene hesitated for a moment more, but couldn't tolerate any more teasing. "I need your cock!" She shouted, arching her back in anticipation.

Vilkas needed no other prodding and plunged his rock hard member in to her. She cried out in delight as the Nord once again pounded her profusely. Mercurio nibbled on her ear, massaging her breasts.

"Now, do you want my cock?" He asked her. Her head was shaking with the force of Vilkas' fucking, but she groaned out a 'yes'. "Tell me. Tell me you need it." He hissed at her, biting her neck gently.

"I need it! I need your cock, Mercurio!" She hollered with much less hesitation.

Mercurio needed no other convincing and worked his cock into her ass, an easier task now that she was dripping wet. She tossed her head back on to his shoulder and groaned as both men gyrated their throbbing manhood's inside her, stretching every square inch of her pleasure zones. Athene cried out in panting bursts, her body trembling with excitement as she was overcome with tremor after tremor of blinding white light. 

Vilkas could take no more, and he came with such ferocity that his member shot out of Athene's spasming snatch, coating her in glistening pearls. Mercurio began pounding her as well, keeping a good grip on her hips and sheathing his member inside her as far as he could go. He came as well, making sure to fill her tight space with every drop he could muster before dropping his head back onto the bed, exhausted.

The three of them slept then, arms and legs entangled with one another. Periodically, one would wake up and gently prod the other to full arousal, making love lazily and falling back asleep until the sun rose. This continued for a few days, Vilkas, Mercurio and Athene tending their business in town and meeting in her home to casually fuck and lounge around, as if in some dream-state.

The courier came to Athene near the end of the week, and the elf's behavior took on a distracted aura. Her love-making became slow and deliberate. She seemed to inspect every inch of her lovers as they had their way with each other on any available surface. Her eyes were glossy and forlorn, her kisses deep and gentle, her lust great.

It was as if she was preparing for a funeral, Mercurio thought, watching her solemn state. It came as no surprise to him when Athene approached him at the end of the week and asked to speak with him. They entered Breezehome and walked slowly upstairs to the bedroom. The mage knew this time was not for sex. 

Athene turned to look at him, her eyes shimmering and lost. Mercurio's stomach began sinking.

"I think it's time we parted ways." She said softly, distantly. Mercurio couldn't speak for a good while.

"Why?" Was all he could manage.

"I just think it's better that we go our separate ways." She repeated, and turned from him. 

He set his hand gently on her shoulder and turned her around.

"Did I do something wrong? Have I not proven my skills?" 

She smiled gently up at him.

"You've more than proved yourself, mage." The elf breathed deeply, exhaled slowly, obviously composing herself. "I can't continue dragging people through my battles. I've lost countless people I've cared for, and I wont count you among them." Athene met his eyes.

"You...You really think I can't handle this?" He asked, a hint of abrasion in his voice.

"I know you can, Mercurio. But things happen." She was silent for a while more, but the mage knew she wasn't done. "I'm going to infiltrate the Thalmor, Mercurio. I can't take you with me."

"The Thalmor? That's insanity, Athene." The elf didn't respond. "Why in Talos' name would think to take on the Thalmor?"

"I have to, Mercurio."

"Where will you be?"

"It's best if I don't say." She looked up at him sadly. "I've really enjoyed this time with you, Mercurio."

He shook his head, angered. "You're not coming back, are you?"

She didn't say anything. Mercurio glared at her, unable to say or do anything else, and then turned on heel and stormed out of her house. 

Outside, the sun was receding behind the tops of the houses and stores, and Mercurio willed it to explode and desecrate them all. It didn't, of course, and he continued his pilgrimage of frustration straight to the Bannered Mare, citizens of Whiterun backing up and gawking as he passed. He flung open the doors and stomped to the bar, ordering two tankards of strong mead. What was that damnable woman thinking? He fumed, drinking greedily of his cup. She'll be killed...or worse. The Thalmor were nothing to scoff at, and she was going to go knocking right on their door.

Damn her. Damn them. And damn me. He thought, and began cascading in to drunken oblivion.