 Author's note: I'm actively working on this story again as of 6/5/2018 and will be posting it in chunks about this big as I get them done every week or so. I am curious if readers here on Literotica would like me to be posting these smaller chunks more often, or wait till I have a much larger section of the story done?

*****

Rothais Pianta trudged through the knee deep snow. From the last tall hill she had climbed she had spotted ruins in the snow ahead and had hoped to get to them before night fell, but she had misjudged the distance. Night had fallen, slowing her progress forward. She was finding that the Frozen Wastes were a very disorienting place to explore, almost unnaturally so. 

She thought about how if not for the World's End Mountains looming to the north she would have had to track direction by the stars. Of course, the stars would only have helped if she could see them. She'd quickly found that the heavy mist that had occasionally rolled through the Great Northern Forest was present in the Wastes nearly every night. Just as dark fell the mist would roll down from the distant mountains, leaving only a short time to see the stars overhead.

If not for the warming enchantments she had had the foresight to get put on her clothing she was also fairly certain she would have frozen to death by now. Paradoxically the cold nights when the ice fog pressed in on her with its ceaseless chill were normally when she was warmest. During the day, while she searched for ruins and wandered the Wastes, she was on the move through the cold snow. But at night she could make camp and cast a few simple cantrips that helped magically warm the air around her, meaning that when the world around her was the coldest she was the warmest.

Once she got to the ruins she'd be able to make camp for the night and finally get warm. First, though, she had to FIND them. They weren't far away but the Wastes were an endless series of snow covered hills and rocky outcroppings that frequently prevented her from seeing very far unless she stopped atop a particularly large rising. And now that the ice fog had rolled in she was barely able to see more than ten feet ahead of her, even with a torch lit so even the hills were little help.

After heading through a particularly thick snow bank on the base of a small hill she had finally climbed to the top of the next rise and saw the ruins looming before her. At first all she could see was the shadows of a few of the standing stones that encircled the ruins, but as she drew closer more of the ruin's details became visible. And then she had to stop. There, on the far side of the ruins, was a green light glowing dimly in the mist.

Cautiously she moved forward, her torch held high above her while her other hand rested on the hilt of her sword. Light meant people, and people generally meant trouble. Especially since the only other people she could imagine being here would be others looking to retrieve artifacts for the College of Magic. Not all adventurers were to be trusted and mercenaries were even more untrustworthy.

Getting closer it became clear that the green light ahead was that of an enchanted fire. The green mage flame was large, the magical warmth from it having already melted much of the snow on that side of the ruins. Whoever owned the flame had set up a small camp along the outside of the standing stones that encircled the ruins. And now that she was closer she could see inside the standing stones, seeing that the ruins there were mostly flat circular stones, the center of which were raised slightly above the others. 

But the ruins would have to wait, Rothais had to deal with the strangers first. And she was certain there were more than one of them as there were two small tents set up around the fire.

"Ho!" she called out, alerting the strangers to her presence. "I am Rothais Pianta, an adventurer in search of treasure. Come forward and identify thyself as I have done, strangers."

"Ho," a voice called back, a deep raspy female one. "I am Ysmene and I travel with the wizard Diagoras Trentin. We too search for treasures in these arctic ruins."

The woman crawled out from a tent, standing tall with a hand on one of the two swords hanging from her hip. She had long, fiery red hair and a big pointed nose that Rothais could make out even from a distance. Her body was thin with wiry muscles and small breasts. Most striking of all was a large scar over the left side of her face, the ruined eye there milky white and reflecting the green light of the magical fire with a strange, disturbing glint.

Rothais moved her hand away from the hilt of her sword, holding her hand up to make it clear she meant no harm. "I was planning on making camp here for the night," she said, her voice suddenly as tired sounding as she felt. "Would you mind if I joined you two?"

"Not at all," a gaunt, narrow faced wizard with sunken eyes said as he came out of the other tent. He wore a weary, unhappy expression on his face but it was one that Rothais assumed was almost always plastered on the disagreeable man's features. "Come," he said, "sit and warm yourself. No reason for you to build a second camp."

The red haired woman gave him a surprised look, as if she didn't expect such kindness from her traveling partner. 

"Thank you," Rothais said, wearily sitting down next to the fire. She shimmied out of her traveling pack and pulled out some of her rations, munching on the food as she let the green flames before her warm her body.

After the minimal time politeness would require had passed Diagoras cleared his throat. Rothais looked to him, her expression weary. "I suppose you want to know why I'm out here," she asked, not bothering to hide her annoyance.

"Not really," the man said, ignoring her tone. "I assume it's for the same reason we are: to loot these ruins for the bounty the College of Magic has set on them. Am I wrong?"

"No," Rothais replied curtly. It pained her to do so but she continued on saying what she knew was the proper thing to say in this situation. "I cede these ruins to you both. You were here first, so by rights anything inside is yours." Saying the words out loud hurt. It meant she'd have to move on in the morning, going deeper into the wastes to look for other ruins.

"Hmmm..." the wizard said, stroking his pointed chin. "Perhaps you need not act so hastily."

"Diagoras," the woman, Ysmene, said sternly.

He waved her obvious disapproval away. "Perhaps the three of us can make an alliance, at least a temporary one." Ysmene groaned in annoyance, turning away but not stopping the wizard from continuing. "We've been here since midday, trying to get into the ruins below us. But the stone doorway in is magically sealed and I haven't been able to figure out how to open it."

"I'm not sure how much help I would be with that," Rothais said replied, sounding depressed. It seemed even if she had stumbled on these ruins first she would not have been able to get into them. "I know some simple magic, but nothing advanced enough to help you gain entry."

"Oh, no, you misunderstand me," he said quickly. "See, we're both exhausted mentally. I KNOW there is powerful magic below us, I can feel it. That means we need to get in here because there WILL be artifacts to recover, probably enough for all three of us. But my mind needs recharging and in a way that simple rest will not accomplish."

At this Rothais smiled. "Let me guess," she said. "You need to pray to your god. But you've prayed too frequently with your traveling companion here and your god is no longer blessing you for such 'praise'. And you'd like ME to join you in prayer?"

Ysmene turned to face the young adventurer, shock on her face. From the surprised look on the wizard's face he too was surprised by how astute the guess was.

Seeing their shock Rothais continued. "But which god is it that you both pray too? Obviously one of the gods that prefers its worship to be sexual, or else you wouldn't need my help." She looked to Ysmene. "Certainly not Ynara. Please, I mean no offense, but you don't look the type. I mean, surely if you two had been worshiping her together you'd be a little more, shall we say, top heavy?"

Ysmene scoffed, grabbing her small breasts in outrage. But she didn't deny anything.

Looking back to the wizard she continued. "You're not adventurers, neither of you. You're too rough around the edges, no... you two are mercenaries. So who do you both worship? Who is popular for those willing to use their blades and wits to make quick coin?"

She paused for dramatic effect. "Simple really, you worship Dethys, god of the two knives." She smirked at the wizard, waiting for him to confirm her guess.

He returned the smile, clapping his hands slowly. "Very good," he said. He turned to Ysmene. "This one's far smarter than she appears. I was right to offer her a place beside us. Had I not she might have outwitted the both of us and stolen the treasure all for her own."

Rothais could tell the man was only half joking and she glowed from the implied compliment. Then, feeling recharged by the small meal and rest by the fire, she pushed herself up from the ground and dusted the snow that was half melted on her clothing off. "So, are we going to do this? I've helped others prey to Dethys before. I know what's expected of me. I might need a little warm up to begin, though..." 

As she said this her mind returned to the night with the attractive Ranger, dwelling on how good his cock had felt in her mouth. She felt her mouth begin to fill with saliva, a sudden hunger for cum overcoming her. Yes, she thought, I'll be more than happy to help this wizard prey to his god.

Diagoras happily moved into the nearest tent, opening its flaps so that the warmth of the nearby magical fire could more easily enter. The tent was low to the ground and just big enough to fit all three of the gathered beings inside, but it was only Rothais and Diagoras that enter at that time. Ysmene remained outside by the fire, sitting so she could see inside.

Rothais noticed this, but only gave the observation a mental shrug. The scarred woman was attractive in a gnarled kind of way, but she'd never been very into other women sexually. That being said, she didn't mind if the woman planned on watching. In fact, as the idea ran through her head, she found herself warming to it the way her body had warmed to the magical fire.

She climbed down into the tent, seeing that the wizard was already taking some of his clothing off. He peeled off the layers that covered the lower half of his body, keeping those that covered the top half on. Seeing this she followed his lead and began to do the same.

Once he was undressed Diagoras sat back, propping himself up with his elbow and spreading his legs wide open. She looked at his flaccid manhood and thought that it looked strangely like the man it was attached to: long and thin and gaunt like he was. Even the wiry dark hair that covered his balls and tangled around the base of his shaft seemed reminiscent of the hair on top of his head.

"I will need you to get me started," he told her, speaking in a voice she assumed he thought was silky and alluring but that made her shiver. This was not a good man and she could tell he would not be a kind lover. She glanced to the side, looking where she had placed her sword to ensure it was within arm's reach, just in case.

"I will not harm you," he said, seeing where she looked. "I need you too much," he quickly added, a plaintive explanation of why she should believe him.

Assuming his words to be true she crawled to him, soon finding herself bent down on all fours with her head between his legs. She winced as the smell of his manhood wafted up at her. It was ripe, the odor of pungent sweat from being in the wilds for far too long without a bath. And there was also the distinct, unmistakable smell of at least one woman on him. But as smelly as the wizard's cock was she had smelled worse.

Rothais bent down lower, leaning on her elbows and reaching forward to grab his manhood. Already she could feel it starting to swell and harden and once she had it in her mouth this hardening quickened. Her head was only bobbing for a minute before he was fully erect in her mouth.

She looked up at him, smiling at the look of pleasure on the man's face. She was good at what she was doing and was proud of her skills. She kept sucking him off, staring into his beady little eyes.

"You know how Dethys wishes us to pray to him?" he said, then gasped as Rothais took him deep into her mouth and down her throat. 

She slowly pulled away from the base of his cock, her lips sealed tightly around his rigid shaft. When she reached his cockhead she sucked harder, letting it pop out of her mouth with a wet smacking sound.

"I do," she replied. She was still resting on her elbow and held his cock in both of her hands, one cupping and gently playing with his balls the other working his saliva covered shaft. "I must work you to climax so that you can cum on my asshole. Then you shall fuck me up the ass and we shall prey to Dethys together."

"And you know the words?" he asked.

"I know the words," she replied, leaning her head down and inhaling his cock once more.

"Such a pretty sight," a raspy, deep voice called out from behind them.

Rothais strained to look behind her while keeping the wizard's cock in her mouth. Out of the side of her eyes she could see that the other woman, Ysmene, was sitting on the ground close behind her. One of the fur cloaks she had been wearing was under her and she sat sitting up with her legs spread open and a hand down her pants.

Turning her full attention back to the cock in her mouth Rothais couldn't help but feel the other woman's eyes on her. And feeling she was being watched as the other woman played with herself only made Rothais feel hotter. She started sucking Diagoras' cock more intensely, making the man moan in surprised pleasure.

"Gods above," he muttered, "you ARE good at this. I'm not going to last much longer."

As soon as the thought of the man cumming entered her mind Rothais was overcome with a sudden, powerful hunger for his seed. Her mind darted back to the Ranger she had spent the night with only a few days ago. She remembered how good his cum had tasted... She sucked him harder, faster, overcome with a driving desire to taste his semen.

"Easy, woman," Diagoras huffed, putting a hand on her head and pushing her off his cock. "I'm nearly there and I need you to flip over now!"

Reluctantly she allowed his cock to pop wetly out of his mouth. It took all her self control not to double down and suck him harder to make him cum in her mouth, but she knew that would spoil the fragile alliance she had with these mercenaries.

She sat up as Diagoras began to scramble up on his knees, one hand on his cock and jerking it off as he neared climax. She was up on her knees then lying down on her back as she reached under her legs and grabbed them under the knees. Then she spread her legs wide open, pulling them back with her hands so that her pussy, and more importantly her asshole, was pointing up towards the wizard.

He moved closer, getting onto his knees and still jerking off. She saw his body tense then watched as he aimed his cock towards her asshole and groaned, shooting an impressively thick load of semen onto it. 

She had to fight the urge to reach down and gather the cum up with her finger so she could taste it. But it was too important for the prayer to be wasted so. Instead she looked at Diagoras, curious to see how he would begin the prayer. She knew most men were spent for a time after cumming and wondered how he would perform for the prayer. When she'd prayed with other Dethys worshipers they had often worked in pairs, one man cumming on her ass and the other fucking it afterwards.

Diagoras, his cock quickly beginning to sag and grow limp, lifted a hand up. He reached for a ring on it with another hand, giving it a little twist then shuddering as the ring glowed with red magical energy. Looking down she could see his member already swelling and growing hard once more.

She smirked at him. "A Ring of Azel! What a wonderful item for a man to poses." She'd known many men that possessed the enchanted items and they were usually the only ones able to last long enough to come anywhere close to satisfying her.

"It's done its work," he groaned, the magically induced hard-on paining him for a moment. Once he recovered he grabbed his cock and moved closer to her. "Are you ready?"

She took a deep, calming breath. "I'm ready. But slow at first, don't just go ramming it up there."

"I know what I'm doing," he grumbled, moving in close enough to start rubbing his swollen cockhead in the cum trickling down her puckered asshole. He smothered it about, pressing much of it into her ass with his cock before lining himself up to enter her. 

She fought her natural reflex to clench her asshole tighter. She enjoyed anal sex but the beginning was always uncomfortably for her. She was happy to discover that the wizard DID know what he was doing and actually enjoyed the way he slowly eased his hard cock into her asshole a little at a time.

And once he was all the way in she also enjoyed the way his cum lubricated his movements. She knew it would end up making an awful mess but in the moment she didn't care, she was sinking into the pleasure of being fucked up the ass and slowly rising towards climax.

Diagoras leaned to the side, resting on one arm and positioning his body so that he was pressed up against the bottom of one of her legs. This left them nearly face to face and he leaned forward, puckering his lips to kiss Rothais. He was far less skilled with his lips than he was with his cock but she allowed him to continue kissing her till it seemed he was satisfied and pulled away. 

Then, a smile on his face, he reached down with his free arm and began playing with her pussy. At first he just ran his fingers through her bush, but then he dipped the tips into her wet hole and dragged the moisture up to her clit, rubbing it softly through the fleshy hood over it. She grinned and moaned appreciatively, very much enjoying him playing with her cunt as he fucked her ass.

After playing with her clit for a while he slide his fingers back down, dipping them deep into her sex and curling them up to rake them across her g-spot. This caused the adventurer to arch her back slightly and moan loudly. 

As she did this she tilted her head back and saw that Ysmene was laying close behind her, the woman lying on her side with her pants pulled down just past the curve of her ass. She had her head lifted up so she could watch what was going on in the tent. One of her hands was on her ass, grabbing her muscular, firm ass cheek and spreading it open. Two fingers of her other hand were being plunged in and out of her asshole. She moaned, fingering her ass as she watched the two in the tent.

When Rothais felt Diagoras pull his fingers out of her pussy she lifted her head back up and looked at him. "We are almost ready," he said, lifting the glistening wet fingers to her force and forcing them into her mouth. "Tell me, adventurer, how does your own cunt taste?"

She sucked his fingers clean as he pulled them away then smiled. "Delicious," she replied.

He groaned in pleasure and mumbled, "So fucking hot, you dirty little slut." A moment later his eyes opened wide. "I'm almost there again! We must begin the prayer."

As he continued to fuck her ass he began speaking, Rothais and Ysmene speaking the words with him. "Praise be to Dethys, god of the two knives," they said, a warm tingling feeling starting to spread through them all. 

"May he bless this cock as it enters this woman's ass. May the pleasurable pain and tightness of our coupling please him and the faith manifest in all our sexual pleasure flow into his divine being," As these words left their lips they felt something indescribable flowing out of them, up into something greater then they each were. 
