 Rothais stood, pulling her layers of clothing in around her for warmth, and watched the wizard slowly walk around the flat stone circle in the center of the ruins. He was muttering to himself and tapping the stone slab he circled with his wizard's staff. The staff glowed slightly and his eyes steamed with burning magical energy.

"He'll find the way in," Ysmene said confidently. "Dethys has blessed us and recharged his mind."

Rothais didn't reply. It was true, she felt the god's blessing on them yet she was skeptical. Dethys was the god of assassins and mercenaries, his blessing normally aiding in killing of some kind. Would his blessing really help them in this task?

Diagoras' eyes lit up suddenly and he began muttering louder, tapping the stone slab faster. A golden circle began to glow near the edge of the stone slab, a perfectly shaped ring that ran around the entire edge. He pulled his staff up and grabbed it with both hands, raising it high into the air. Magical energy began swirling around him then flowing down into the glowing golden ring.

Rothais and Ysmene both jumped back in surprise as the ground shook and the stone slab cracked. As the wizard continued to mutter incantations the surface of the slab inside the golden ring started to shift, segments breaking apart and lowering into the ground. They watched in awe as the stone circled lowered and became a circular stone stairway, leading down into the ground below them.

As the rocks creaked into their final position Diagoras grunted, the magical energy around him bursting away from his body. He leaned on his staff and looked drained and tired. "It is done..." he muttered, his voice weak. "We can enter. But I must rest first. The enchantment protecting this place was strong. Whatever lies down there, it must have been important to the people that sealed it off."

All three of them were so eager to find treasure it never occurred to them that the ruins might not have been sealed to protect something, but rather to keep something trapped within.

"I don't want to stand around up here freezing my tits off all day," Ysmene grumbled, moving towards her partner and pulling a bottle out of a pocket. The fluid inside was yellow and bubbled with dim glowing energy. "Drink some of this reinvigoration potion," she demanded, popping the stopper and tipping the bottle to the wizard's mouth.

As the fluid poured into him his posture instantly changed. He stood up straighter and his expression changed from tired weariness to one of total alertness. "Thank you," he gasped as she pulled the bottle away. "I feel much better."

Ysmene put the bottle away and looked down into the opening. "It's dark down there," she said, squinting. "Can't tell how far down it goes, either."

"I can light my torch," Rothais said, but before she could start to move to pull it out the Wizard waved her suggestion away.

"I'll take care of it," he said. He held the top of his staff up to his face and cupped a hand around the crystal rammed into the tip. He whispered something to it and it began to glow. As the bright light increased he moved the staff away from his face and up into the air. A ball of bright shimmering light popped out the top of the staff and started to float above him. It bobbed and weaved as if it was alive.

"Ahead of us," he commanded, waving his staff towards the stairs. The glowing orb floated forward, starting to head down the stairs. "Come on," he said. "Keep behind me. I'll search for traps or enchantments ahead of us." He moved forward, taking a careful step into the top of the stairs. "And keep your hands on your weapons, we have no idea what is down here."

Slowly the three descended the stairs, moving down cautiously. Soon they reached the bottom and found themselves at the entry to a long, wide hallway. At the end they stood the walls were encrusted in a layer of thick ice, but they could see that the ice that had covered the walls of the hall stretching out before them was now melted. The floor had a shallow pool of water that splashed noisily under their feet.

"I don't understand," Rothais said, reaching out to touch the ice that remained on the wall. "It feels even colder down here than it did above. How is all of this ice melting?"

"Magic," Diagoras whispered. "Strong magic. I can feel it, taste it in the air." He pointed his staff towards the end of the hall. "It's coming from there."

The ball of illumination moved out before the wizard, lighting the way before them. It revealed the end of the hall, a flat door-less wall.

"This hall doesn't seem to lead anywhere," Ysmene said, stepping up beside the wizard. Rothais joined them, standing on the other side of the wizard and staring down the hall with them.

"It does lead somewhere," Diagoras disagreed. "There is something there... a doorway, a magical one. It just isn't open."

"Can you get it open?" Ysmene asked, looking at her partner.

"Yes," he said, taking a step forward and pointing his staff at the end of the hall.

"Wait," Rothais said, but it was too late.

A blast of magical energy shot from the tip of the wizard's staff, slamming into the wall at the end of the hall. There was an explosion of light that made all three of them throw up their arms. When they looked again swirling purple energy filled the space where the wall had been. Its center began to part, growing larger until an opening to the other side was revealed.

They saw a stone hallway. The seams of strange bricks that made the walls and floors all glowed with purple light as if the structure was being held together by magic.

"It's a gateway," Diagoras said. "I've seen this kind of magic before. It's ancient and there are none living that know how to create it. It usually allows people to cross over great distances, connecting one place to another as if their halls were connected."

Rothais took a step back, feeling certain that opening the portal had been a terrible mistake. "We shouldn't go through," she said.

Ysmene scoffed. "Hold yourself together, girl. Look at that place! It glows with magic. I can feel the power there. We'll be able to find more treasure than we can carry."

"I agree," Diagoras said quickly, already starting to stride confidently towards to portal. "It's calling to us. We were meant to find this place."

Rothais held back and nervously watched her two companions start to move towards the portal. She felt the same thing they were feeling, an impulse to move forward and discover what was hidden on the other side. It was an enchanting call she felt deep in her core yet something about it felt wrong. But if she didn't go with them she'd be giving up any claim to the treasures they would almost certainly find on the other side.

"Shit," she mumbled, quickly following after them.

By the time the three reached the portal it had opened all the way and it looked as if the end of the hall was simply a continuation of the hall they stood in, leading into the strange place before them. Together they all stepped through the portal.

The hall on the other side felt very different. The air was far warmer, so much warmer that they were all soon opening their heavy layers and wishing they weren't dressed so warmly. The air also tasted differently. There was a musky, sexual smell to it and it left them all feeling gradually more and more aroused, although none of them mentioned this to each other.

As they pressed forward they realized they were no longer underground. The hall they were in curved and as they turned the curve they found a small window. Looking out it they could see that they were in giant castle of some kind that was built into the side of a massive mountain. Below and stretching out as far as they could see were more snow covered mountains. What lay below their peaks was hidden under thick clouds.

"Where is this place," Rothais asked looking down. There seemed to be no path that led up to the castle they were in, although she realized she was only looking out on one side of it.

"I think," Diagoras said slowly, peering over her shoulder, "that we have been transported high into the World's End Mountains."

"Why do you say that," Rothais asked.

The wizardly merely shrugged. "It's just a... feeling." For a moment they all stood in silence looking down on the frozen mountains below them. "Come on," Diagoras said, "we should press on. I want to find some treasure. And I don't think we should linger here for long."

Both women nodded in agreement and together the three of them turned and pressed forward.

The hall continued to curve although there were no more windows. Eventually they found a door. It was made of wood but just like the stones around them the space between the planks glowed with faint purple energy.

Ysmene stepped forward and pressed the door. It creaked open revealing a large empty room with a number of other doorways, all open and seeming to lead into passages much like the one they had just left.

They all moved in, looking around. The place was totally empty yet they could all feel a presence there, something oppressive that seemed to be watching them with great interest. As they reached the center of the room the door they had entered slammed shut. Jumping in alarm, they all spun around. The door glowed with purple energy then shifted, disappearing as stone bricks replaced it.

"That can't be good," Rothais said, starting to reach for her sword. Before she reached it she screamed as something shot up from the floor and slithered quickly around her wrist, pulling her arm away from the sword's handle.

Ysmene screamed too and Rothais saw smooth purple tentacles shooting up from the floor around the woman, wrapping around her limbs. Just as many were shooting up from around her, wrapping their warm appendages around her limbs to. Both women yelled and struggled against the purple things but there were too many of them and they had struck too fast.

They had gone after Diagoras last, giving him enough time to raise his staff and mutter a few quick words that sent a blast of magical energy out in every direction around him. It forced the tentacles that had been coming after him away, giving him an opening.

Instead of helping the two entangled women he turned and ran as fast as he could down the nearest open passageway. He looked back over his shoulder and saw the women being pulled down onto their knees, tentacles wrapping around their necks and constricting tightly to silence their screams.

The sight only made him run faster. He soon found himself at a meeting of four passageways and turned left, running as fast as he could. "Have to get to safety," he said, huffing heavily. He found a large double door and slammed his body into it. The doors flew open to reveal what was obviously a throne room only the throne before him was like none he had ever seen.

It was a mass of octopus-like purple tentacles that gently writhed and moved about under the figure that sat upon it. The woman was tall and slender with pale gray skin that had a slight purplish tinge to it. She was dressed in a skin tight black leather outfit that pressed her large, round breasts up prominently.

She was sitting with one leg crossed over the other, her hands resting on the armrests of her tentacle throne. She smirked as the wizard stumbled into the room, her eyes glowing with pink intensity as the doors slammed behind him. "I've been waiting for you," she said, her voice deep and husky yet carrying a lyrical magical undertone.

Diagoras raised his staff and began to cast a spell but the woman simply waved and arm before her causing the staff to fly out of his hand.

"There is no need for that," she said, smoothly rising from her throne.

The wizard was trembling, sweat pouring down his face. The energy he felt emanating from this woman was so powerful. It seemed to be coming at him from every angle, oppressing his mind and body. With every step closer it felt more overwhelming till finally he dropped to his knees, crying out in defeat.

"Do not be afraid," she said as she stepped up to him. She reached down and placed a single finger under his chin, lifting up so and forcing him to stare into her glowing eyes. "Such a simple, selfish man you are, Diagoras Trentin."

He gasped, suddenly hit with a powerful odor emanating from her body. It was thick and potent, a heavy musk of sweat and female arousal. It made him shudder as his cock hardened painfully in his pants. He realized suddenly that this frightening, powerful woman was the most sexually pleasing thing he had ever seen. He wanted her. No, he wanted to be hers. To worship her and service her, sexually and in any other way she wanted.

She laughed, smiling down at him. "Men are so easy," she said, pulling her finger from under his chin then running the back of it down his cheek. Diagoras shuddered then groaned in pleasure as he came in his pants. "Putty in my hands."

Then she grabbed his face with both hands and leaned down, kissing him. His eyes opened wide as her tongue darted into his mouth. As she continued to kiss him his eyes rolled up into his head. They started to glow with the same pink energy that burned in her eyes.

When she finally pulled away from him his pupils were gone, only glowing pink light remaining. "Rise, my new pet," she said. He got to his feet, no longer cowering in fear. "We'll have no more need for these clothes," she said, waving a hand before him. His clothing all dissolved, leaving him standing naked with only the collection of charmed necklaces hanging around his neck.

"Come, my new pet, we have your friends to attend to. It's literally been ages since I had pretty little females to play with..."

* * *

"Coward!" Ysmene screamed as Diagoras blasted the tentacles from around him and turned to run away. "You bastard! Come back and save us!" she snarled as she thrashed about, trying to break free of the swarm of purple tentacles wrapping around her and pulling her down to the ground. She opened her mouth to scream again but one of the tentacles slithered around her neck and tightened, choking her.

Beside her Rothais grunted and thrashed as well. Both women's screamed hoarsely through their choked throats as the things began ripping their clothing off. Soon both of them were mostly naked, only a few ripped strips of cloth left covering their body.

Rothais shuddered in revulsion at the feel of the tentacles on her naked skin. They felt thick and fleshy in a way that was disturbingly familiar. Then as the tip of one of the purple tentacles came into view Rothais realized why. The tip, although purple, was unmistakably the head of a cock. Looking at the writhing shaft that extended down from it she realized the appendage was simply a long, prehensile penis. She could now even see throbbing cock veins running down its length.

"God's above, they are dicks," he bellowed hoarsely as the tentacle wrapped around her through slightly loosened its grip.

She turned to Ysmene and saw that the redheaded woman had already discovered this. One of the cock-tipped tentacles was thrusting in and out of her mouth, making her gag and choke. She was unable to pull her head away as the one wrapped tightly around her throat held her in place, it's cockhead oozing cum down onto her chest.

The things had her down on her knees, her arms held out and down and her legs spread open. One of the cock-tentacles had slithered up around one of her thighs and had pressed into her womanhood, vigorously fucking her.

Rothais felt the cock-tentacles wrapping around her own legs slithering around and up, approaching her own exposed cunt. She started thrashing about harder, trying desperately to break free but the things had too firm a hold of her. She shuddered in revulsion as she felt one begin to press into her, aware the cockhead that tipped the thing was leaking a steady stream of cum that it was now being thrust into her.

She opened her mouth to scream in horror but she was immediately silenced as one of the cock-tentacles invaded her mouth. The end of it hardened and grew rigid in her mouth as it started pumping in and out of her face.

It didn't press down into her throat and gag her which she was thankful for, but only momentarily. Soon it felt like the thing was cumming constantly in her mouth, a steady blast of strong, bitter tasting semen. The thing was so girthy that it just barely fit into her mouth and this made it so she was unable to spit any of the cum out. As her cheeks ballooned and more of the jizz filled her mouth she had no choice but to start swallowing.

Both women began to thrash about less. Their eyes rolled up into their head and their bodies started to grow limp. The cum being forced down their throats was subduing them, leaving them calm as the tentacles fucked and pumped even more cum into them from all holes, even their asses.

After a few minutes of this the tentacles fucking them pulled out of their various holes. Both women sagged forward, their eyes glassy and their mouths hanging open as cum started leaking out. They were completely limp and were only held up on their knees by the tentacles wrapped around them holding them up. The tentacles wrapped tighter around them and turned them to face the hall Diagoras had fled down.

Their heads were swaying side to side as The Nameless Dark Queen strode into the room, the naked Diagoras shuffling behind her. His eyes glowed pink and he moved as though he were a mindless zombie.

"Such pretty little things," the Queen said with a cruel laugh, the tentacles responding to her words by tightening tighter around their captives. As their necks were choked both women gasped for air and were left looking a little less dazed, although neither was able to speak.

She stepped closer, bending down and getting in each of their faces. "A simple, plain beauty here," she said to Rothais before stepping sideways to Ysmene. "Here, though, much more striking. Less youthful but a much more unique allure." She used the back of a finger to stroke the large scar running through her ruined eye. "Your face has the look of evil yet I sense your heart is more good than most realize."

"But," she said, standing back up and taking a step away, "such disappointingly little titties on both of you. I prefer them big. The bigger the better. So let's improve you both before I start really having some fun with you two."

The Queen raised her hands into the air. They started to glow with purple energy and a moment later both tentacle bound women's breasts began to glow with the same energy. Slowly their breasts started to grow, gradually swelling larger and larger. The moaned and wiggled in response, their eyes rolling up into their head as they panted and drooled on themselves. Their breasts grew till they were big then swelling larger till their size was huge and heavy enough to cause both of them to hunch over slightly from the weight they were unaccustomed to carrying on their chests.

"What a stunning improvement," The Queen said, her voice a husky purr of pleasure. "Yet we could do better. Let's see..." She raised a hand to her face and started tapping a finger on her chin, tilting her head to the side and pondering the sight before her.

"How about a little of this," she said. More purple penis-tentacles rose up from out of the floor and twisted to point at the enlarged breasts. Their ends hardened and a moment later they all started cumming on their breasts, big thick loads of spooge that left their huge breasts covered with oozing cum.

"Very nice, but we can still do better." The tentacles already wrapped around the two women began dragging them forward and then turned them together till they were face to face. They then lifted them both up off the ground and pressed them into each other till both pairs of magically enlarged breasts were smashed together.
