 Author's note: I really appreciated the feedback I got last time and want to encourage readers to leave their opinions, suggestions and requests.

*****

Part Two

Duron Knot was in a small wooden cabin that served both as the Commander's private quarters and his personal office where he sat at his desk and wrote in the daily log. He was supposed to chronicle the outpost's events every day, keeping a complete history of the Northern Outpost's mission progress. There were times where so little happened at the outpost that all he added besides the date was the word "uneventful".

He sighed, looking at the blank page before him. The last few days hadn't been uneventful, he just wasn't sure how much of the events he should record for posterity. 

After dipping his quill into a bottle of ink he started scribbling, telling of Ilvuna's arrival and her healing of Joran Whent. Duron decided not to add any details about how the healing was conducted, and refused to mention how he himself had helped the new cleric recharge her holy powers afterwards. He did, however, make note that she was a follower of Ynara, hoping any who read the book would be able to read between the lines.

As the sun had set on the night of her arrival Ilvuna had insisted on staying with Joran."To ensure his healing is complete," she has said. That had left Duron alone when the outpost's two other Rangers had returned from their patrol. He ended up being thankful that the scantily clad cleric was out of sight when they arrived as they had events to report that he needed to hear, and her presence would surely have distracted them.

Before he had a chance to tell them that they had a new member and fresh supplies they had begun to inform him of what had transpired on their patrol. "The Rangers reported a strange beam of purple light seen in the distance, coming from the World's End Mountains to the north," he wrote, still unsure what to make of this. The returned Rangers were unsure as well, and were distracted from that apparition because of what had happened not long after witnessing the brief and distant light.

Not long after seeing the strange light flicker and disappear they heard the howl of wolves in the distance. Both Rangers, Anneyce Andrade and Teyl Dati, not only had years of experience at the northern outpost but had each grown up in small settlements not far from the northern border of Vulfrell. 

"We both know that sound," Anneyce had said firmly.

Teyl had nodded. "I agree. Those were not normal wolves. Those were Ice Wolves. It's been years since the last packs were driven north out of the Great Northern Forest and into the Frozen Wastes. This could mean that their numbers have returned to their previous size and that there soon could be hordes of the beasts heading this way."

The animals were monstrously large, nearly the size of a horse. They were fast and agile, and their frightening maws able to rip an unarmored man apart with ease. But they were more than over-sized wolves. The beasts were infused with some ancient magic that made it so the air around them grew colder, and they were able to bellow out blasts of magical energy that could freeze their prey in place or even fully encrust them in ice.

Duron had called for calm. The sound of one Ice Wolf howling in the distance wasn't enough to cause a panic. He said they'd need to send out more frequent patrols to determine if the wolf they heard was a lone animal or the beginning of a new wave of carnage. If packs of the beasts WERE moving south they would need to know so they could spread the word and call for reinforcements. The Commander reminded the Rangers that they had fended off the last incursion of the breasts, and they would be able to do it again.

"But there were nearly three times as many of us then," Anneyce had protested. Duron had taken that moment to inform them of the Ranger that had joined their ranks, as well as telling them that more Rangers were supposedly on their way.

The ink in his quill ran dry as Duron finished recording the possible return of the Ice Wolves. He dipped it in the ink pot once more and finished his sentence, then put the quill down. The meeting between the two newly returned Rangers and Ilvuna had been tense, but he didn't think he need include that bit of drama in the log.

But the meeting was now on his mind, and he began to go over the events again in his head. He was the Commander of the Northern Outpost, after all, and it was his job to make sure all the Rangers under his command were able to work together. As he sat alone in his small room he pondered just how he was going to do that now that Ilvuna had joined them.

From the instant both returned Rangers had set eyes on the cleric, Duron knew there were going to be issues. As Ilvuna had approached from across the courtyard both Rangers had stared at her, a mix of disbelief, bewilderment, and anger playing across their faces.

Like him, Anneyce and Teyl both dressed in thick layers of warm clothing and leather armor, all covered in thick fur cloaks. But Ilvuna, kept magically warm by the blessing of her goddess, wore little more than a few strips of white cloth that barely counted as clothing. Enough of her almost inhumanly curvaceous body was exposed to see that, like an Elf maiden, she kept her crotch shaved of all hair. And her breasts, the largest Duron had ever seen on a female, were barely covered at all. The areolas of her nipples peaked out form the sides of the two white strips of cloth that attempted to keep her voluminous breasts in check.

During the initial introductions both Anneyce and Teyl had looked visibly uncomfortable by Ilvuna's chosen outfit. Duron was sure that part of this had been the strangeness of her magical resistance to the cold, but it was clear that it was far more than that.

It was easy to tell why Teyl was so uncomfortable and agitated by her presence. The other Rangers were unaware of it, but Teyl had not become a Vulfrellian Ranger by choice. He had at one time served as a member of the town guard where he had grown up. He had been imprisoned by his fellow guards after taking liberties with an inebriated woman. A woman that turned out to be the daughter of the town's Mayor.

The man had been furious. He vowed to keep Teyl imprisoned in a cell for the rest of his life, never to be allowed to see another woman as long as he lived. It wasn't known by most in the Kingdom of Vulfrell, but there was an ancient law that dictated that all but crimes short of murder could be commuted if one vowed to spend the rest of their life as a member of Vulfrellian Rangers. It was a law rarely used any more, but Teyl had invoked its use.

Since coming to the Northern Outpost the man had made it clear to Duron that he was ashamed of what had happened. He confessed that yes, he had a weakness for women, but he intended never to let that weakness make him act in such a wicked way again. He had even gone as far as to take a vow of celibacy before the Commander to make his point. And as far as Duron knew the man had managed to keep to that vow.

Of course, the vow hadn't been hard to keep over the last few years. Anneyce Andrade had been the only female Ranger stationed at the outpost for some time. Like Teyl she was a highly skilled swordsmen and tracker. She was also the best archer any of them had seen. Like Teyl she preferring to spend the majority of her time in the wilds, hunting monsters and bandits. She had never shown any interest in men, and none of the three Rangers could ever remember her mentioning sex in any manner.

It wasn't that she was unattractive. She in fact had a fairly pretty face with petite, rounded boyish features that Duron didn't find personally pleasing but figured many would. Unlike the majority of women in Vulfrell she kept her thick wild hair short, like that of a man. She carried herself in such a masculine way that most who met her thought she was a man till she spoke. 

And her figure did little to reveal her gender. She rarely took the thick layers of clothing she wore off, even when back at the outpost and in a building heated by a raging fire. So her figure mostly remained hidden in a way that left her figure and gender impossible to tell at most times. Duron had seen once that she had wide, feminine hips but he'd never seen more than a vague outline of the rest of her body.

So Anneyce was not a woman that many would feel tempted by, barely recognizable as a sexual being. And after a few years of serving next to her, slaying beasts and spending weeks at a time in the cold wilds, it was clear that Teyl thought of her only as a fellow Ranger.

But here was a new woman, one the currently chaste Teyl had never seen in combat and that walked around practically naked, showing off a body that could be easily described as "indecent". The man was clearly struggling with demons he had long tried to keep at bay.

When he came to Duron directly after the initial introduction and asked if he could return to patrolling the wilds before even spending a single night of rest in the outpost, the Commander understood. He kindly told him to resupply and head back out. "But keep your patrol close to the Border Road. If packs of Ice Wolves are returning, our primary goal will be to keep any travelers safe, at least until reinforcements arrive to help us drive them back north." Teyl had nodded and then quickly left, obviously looking forward to spending time alone in the cold.

If the man hadn't volunteered to head back out, Duron would have had to send someone anyways. The Northern Outpost sat at the intersection of the Border Road, which ran from east to west just below the northern border of Vulfrell, and the Northern Road, which ran from the capital in the center of Vulfrell and ended at the Northern Outpost. Unlike the Northern Road, which was rarely traveled, the Border Road saw fairly frequent use. There were a number of small towns and villages under its protection and traders and travelers frequently moved between them.

The Northern Outpost even housed a guesthouse for travelers to stay in, as the two nearest settlements in either direction along the Border Road were fairly far away. Even when their supplies were low the Rangers freely gave travelers a warm meal and a warm cabin with soft beds to sleep in for at least one night before sending them on their way.

With Teyl off patrolling the Border Road, Duron would be able to put off managing how the troubled Ranger would deal with Ilvuna's presence till later. In the meantime he was going to have to iron out things between the cleric and Anneyce. Her problem with the cleric was harder to figure out; although he suspected that Anneyce's issue was with the way the cleric was flaunting both her femininity and sexuality. Perhaps Anneyce was afraid the presence of a woman so sexually open would change the way her fellow warriors viewed her - not as an equal but as a woman who needed their protection.

Over the last few days Anneyce had been spending her time giving Ilvuna angry, nasty looks. She treated the cleric with uncharacteristic rudeness and frequently left rooms that Ilvuna entered, even if was in the middle of some task. For her part Ilvuna seemed not to notice the way the other Ranger was treating her, either because she was being polite and ignoring the woman's actions or because she really was just as oblivious he seemed.

He leaned back in his chair, deep in thought. Perhaps if Anneyce saw that Ilvuna was an able warrior? He stroked his scruffy beard thinking about this. The High Commander wouldn't have sent her north if she wasn't able to hold her own in a fight; he had no doubts about that. Perhaps if the two women spent some time alone, out in the wilds slaying beasts?

And then there was Joran Whent. The chubby alchemist had been following Ilvuna around like a lost puppy dog since he had woken up. He opened doors for her and rushed to hand the woman anything she reached for. He took any opening to thank her for saving his life and blushed furiously every time she spoke to him. 

Joran had grown up in a small village that lay along the Northern Road that was in the process of dying out. He had been the only one of his generation that had been born and grew up with no peers his own age. He'd joined the Rangers to see the world but had spent only a short time in the capital being trained as an alchemist before being sent north. As such he'd seen and interacted with only a few young women in his life, and almost certainly never seen one as openly sexual as Ilvuna. 

It was hard to tell if the young man was following the cleric around because he felt in debt to her after she saved his life or if he was physically infatuated with her. It occurred to Duron that it could easily be both of these things.

Duron was startled from his thoughts by a loud knock on his door. He quickly got to his feet, instinctively placing a hand on the hilt of his sword. Even though they were inside the walls of the outpost one could never be too safe. "Yes, who is it?" he asked loudly, standing ready.

Through the thick wooden door he heard the muffled voice of Joran Whent. "Commander Knot, there are travelers at the gate asking to stay the night."

"Well, go let them in," Duron said to the pudgy alchemist as he threw the door open. "I know you slept for weeks due to your illness, but our mission is still the same: guard the borders of Vulfrell and give aid and comfort to those who travel its roads!" 

* * *

The three Rangers present at the Northern Outpost sat at their dining hall's large table, across from their two guests. Joran Whent had just finished bringing the dinner to the table: bowls of steaming hot soup along with mugs of heated spiced cider and chunks of cheese served alongside hunks of bread. All of the food they were eating had arrived with Ilvuna and was an appreciated change from the normal rations they ate.

Joran had made a production of making sure Ilvuna had received the mug of cider he said was heated to her exact like before sitting down next to her, his face bright red. Commander Knot thought little of this, thinking that the young man was simply continuing to fawn over the cleric as he had been doing for the past few days. But he was VERY wrong.

Afterwards Joran sat in silence, looking down at his soup as he slowly ate it. He was unable to look up, to meet the eyes of anyone that sat at the table. He knew no one there had any way of knowing that he had slipped something into Ilvuna's drink, but he was afraid they would be able to see the guilt he felt in his eyes.

And Joran DID feel a great deal of guilt, but he also felt no regret. Since waking from his illness he had been able to think of little other than Ilvuna. It wasn't just that she was the most beautiful, sexually charged being he had ever set eyes on. Her beauty, her over-powering sexuality even followed him into his sleep. 

He'd spent every night since being cured, tossing and turning as vivid images of Ilvuna filled his dreamscape. He saw her naked, doing indecent sexual things with and to him. Things he had never seen happen before, things he had never even imagined possible. The dreams were like visions, so intense and real that he awoke shaking. And always, when he woke, it was with a painfully hard erection that needed immediate attention.

Laying in his bed alone he'd furiously masturbate, thinking of Ilvuna. Thinking of her lips, of the plump curve of her large ass, of the hairless slit of her womanhood; but mostly he thought of her breasts. They were so large that they overwhelmed his young mind, sending his budding libido into overdrive.

The previous night had been the worst. The dreams had seemed to last forever. He'd begin to wake, aware of his rock hard erection, but unable to begin masturbating as he was quickly pulled back into his vision-filled sleep. 

Eventually a shadowed figure had appeared in his dream, standing behind Ilvuna. The figure had been impossible to make out. They seemed to be eternally hidden in shadows that were colored dark purple, shadows that seemed to writhe and twist at the edges as if they were made of countless tentacles.

The shadowed figure spoke to him with a feminine voice that was deep and husky, yet lyrically enchanting. "You want her?" the mysterious figure said. "You need her... need her breasts, don't you Joran Whent?"

"Yes!" he had screamed in his dreamscape before falling to his knees and beginning to sob uncontrollably. "What is happening to me? Why can't I control my desires for this woman?" He looked up at the shadowed figure, feeling that it could give him relief. "What should I do?" he asked, his voice full of desperation.

"You don't need to control these desires," the figure had whispered. "You have all you need to take what you want from her..." Her shadowed arm reached out towards him. For a moment he thought he could see pale, feminine fingers reaching for him, but they seemed to melt away into shadows that then transformed into multiple purple tentacles. They reached behind him, disappearing momentarily out of sight, before returning with their suction cupped undersides wrapped around a collection of glass bottles.

"Those... those are some of my alchemical ingredients," Joran had said, confused.

"Yessssssss," the voice hissed. "Look at them, together these specific ingredients can make a potion that will put the drinker into a deep restful sleep for one night. You need only make this sleeping draught and slip it into Ilvuna's drink at dinner, then you shall be able to do whatever you wish with her..."

"I... I can't," he had stuttered. But then his mind filled with images of him standing naked beside Ilvuna's bed. He saw all the things he could do to her body while she slept, saw himself getting away with the act. Saw that he would be a fool NOT to take advantage of her so.

"She wants you too," the voice said from the shadows. "Look at the way she dresses. Look at the perverse goddess she worships. It would PLEASE her goddess if you took her so, as long as you paid most of your attention to her breasts."

"Y-yes... Yes, she wants me to do this," he said, certainty growing in his voice. "It's what I am meant to do!" He'd then woke with a start, sitting up with his eyes wide open. He leapt from bed, vaguely aware that for the first time since being healed he had not woken up with a painful erection. He dashed across his small room to the table where he kept his alchemical components and mixed his potions. 

He quickly gathered the ingredients he had seen in his dream and began mixing them together. Somehow he knew exactly how much of each ingredient to add, knew how long to mix and boil them even though he had never made a sleeping draught before. When he was done, when he held the potion in a small vial in his hand, it was as if a mad fever had just run its course. He was himself again, and as he stared down at the potion he knew he had everything he needed to make his fantasies and dreams a reality.

All he had had to do was wait. Again, he wasn't sure how he knew, but he was certain that the potion would take a little bit to begin affecting Ilvuna and that he'd need to put it in her drink as they began dinner. She'd start to grow slightly drowsy as she ate, able to finish her meal before feeling suddenly tired. She'd ask for someone to help her back to her quarters. Joran would volunteer. She'd fall into a deep sleep by the time he led her to her bed and then nothing would wake her till morning...

His only worry was the other Rangers. Commander Knot and Anneyce might notice when he didn't return from her quarters. Maybe he'd need to wait till later, till after they were all asleep?

"Don't worry," a husky voice said in the back of his mind as he continued to eat his soup. "They will be too preoccupied to notice. You go have your fun with Ilvuna; they will all be busy with fun of their own..." The voice faded away, becoming a whisper that he immediately forgot he had heard, leaving behind only certainty that his plan was safe to carry out. All he had to do was sit and wait till Ilvuna proclaimed she was too tired to remain in the dining hall.
