 It was a hot summer day as Gus dragged along through the unfamiliar woods. He was on the hunt for the perfect spot to play banjo. With his banjo strapped on his back he continued on deeper into the isolated woods. Beads of sweat dripped down his face and back. He had unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt as a last ditch effort to cool off, but it was all in vain. The sun beat down on his as he trekked on.

He walked head down just starring at the path below his feet, which in all honesty wasn't much of a path at all. It looked as though it had been ages since anyone had walked it, and yet it was still faintly visible to the keen eye, almost as though the wild flowers and weeds preserved it in time, worked around it. 

No matter Gus thought, and continued on. The weight of the banjo seemed heavier with each step. He grabbed his water bottle and poured it over his face. He closed his eyes as the water splashed across his face. Although the water was warm, it was still refreshing as it washed across his face taking with it the dirt and sweat. Little beads of water got trapped in his beard. He opened his eyes and finally looked up. It felt like it had been forever since he held his head up and it made him a bit light headed at first.

He scanned the area and had a moment of panic. He had never been this deep into the woods and just as he was about to turn back, he caught out of the corner of his eyes. It was perfect, exactly what he was looking for. There in a small clearing was a large smooth stone, which sat about 3 feet high. The sides were covered in vines. The sunlight was blocked, as the trees wrapped above the rock almost like a hand being held up. Yes it was the perfect spot, that made the entire trek worth it. He swung his banjo off his back and climbed up on the stone. The top of the stone was completely smooth, almost like a slab that stretched over 10 feet. It was so cold that he could feel it right through his pants and it cooled down his entire body.

He let out a sigh and opened his banjo case. "What to play?" he thought. At that moment he closed his eyes and began to relax. Soon he felt himself in a trance, his body nice and cool. His hands worked up and down the banjo, almost as if they were possessed. He soon heard a soothing melody coming from his banjo and became aware that he was no longer in control of his hands. They just played and he looked down in amazement as the worked down the banjo neck, playing this melody that seemed familiar but he couldn't place it.

He felt something crawl along the back of his neck, damp and suctioning to his skin. His body shivered and thought it was a bug but he couldn't lift his hands to slap it away. His hands were stuck playing. No, it wasn't a bug, more like a mossy vine. He felt something crawl along his shoe and ankle and looked down and saw vines slowly crawling along his shoes and gripping. He panicked and began kicking furiously to get the vines off but that ended quickly as he felt them wrap around his ankles and hold his legs still in place. He wanted to scream but couldn't, not that it would have mattered being that deep in the woods and nobody would hear him over the banjo which still played the soft melody. 

The vines had wrapped around his shoes and ripped them off, tore through his socks like paper. He tried to jerk his legs but his hips but to no use. The vines had wrapped around and up his legs tearing at his pants. 

With his feet exposed, he felt a damp cool moss clinging to the tips of his toes, almost sucking on them. It sent shivers up his body as his toes curled and all he could muster was a long sigh. The moss spread his toes apart and engulfed them like a vacuum. 

He noticed the vines around his legs and waist tightened. Not like a boa constrictor but more of a gentle grip. The tore at his pants, loosening them and he could hear the last stitches of his pants and underwear give way. At this moment he was able to get out a "PLEASE STOP!" , as he felt his exposed skin touch the cool stone. He was still sitting upright, banjo still playing but he noticed his hands had stopped now. "It had worked" he thought but the melody carried on in the air. The banjo was pulled out of his hands and rested on the other end of the rock. He noticed feeling slowly coming back into his hands and looked down in horror at what was happening to his body.

He was holding in his moans as the moss sucked his toes. He heard a rustling in the bushes in front of him and he was able to shout "Please help me!".

All at once the vines grew in number around his legs. One vine, which felt almost tongue like, begin sliding up his inner thigh, higher and higher, leaving a cool sticky tail. As it reached his balls he let out a moan "noo". The vines tip was so wet and soft and just flicked against his balls. His whole body tensed up and his balls tightened as he let out a deep sigh.

The vine moved down sliding along under his balls and to his ass. It kept moving following the ridge between his cheeks to the bottom of his back and stayed laid out right there. He tried to shut his thighs but they wouldn't budge as the vine had split off into other branches, which had wrapped around the inside of his thighs and held him open.

He sat there with the vine in between his cheeks, spreading them gently. "Please someone...anyone help", he cried out. 

The wet sensation under his balls and across his butt and the rhythmic suckling of his toes had caused something to stir in his cock. He felt his cock pulsing and looked down, watching it grow and fill up. All he could do was moan. 

The rustling in the bushes grew louder and they began to part as a shadow approached. He wanted to yell out now but he couldn't. He looked back down at his cock, which now was almost standing fully, just pulsing and twitching each time his toes were sucked.

He began to gain feeling and control of his hands. Just as he was about to reach down to pull the vines off, a figure appeared. He could tell by the shadow it was a woman. Now that she was in the light he realized she was nt as all. Sure her figure was human-like, but this was something different. Her hair was bright green, not hair at all but smooth vines with wild flowers sprouting perfectly in between. Her "hair" hung down below her shoulders. He had noticed very quickly she wore no clothing. Her skin was a brownish tan color, almost a light bark. Her eyes were a mesmerizing green, her lips curled up, smirking. He looked down at her full breasts, her nipples pointing out hard. Her fingers were long with vines at the tips. Vines were wrapped all over her, not as chains but were apart of her. He could not believe what he was seeing. There she stood looking at him, her eyes were kind and mesmerizing. She had wide hips that curved beautifully and in-between was a little tuff of moss right above her pussy. Her toes too had the suckling moss on the tips. His eyes quickly shot back up to meet hers. 

He then became aware that he was still being held spread open and that his cock had now fully grown, twitching in the air with little drops of precum oozing from the head. He quickly brought his hands down in embarrassment, grabbing his cock with his left hand and covering his balls with his right. It was a little late to cover up but it was something at least, and good to get control of his hands again. 

"No no" the voice said softly.

"I'm sorry please, I was just sitting here, help me break these vies" he pleaded.

'No no...first we need the seeds"

"What???" he exclaimed.

"I don't know what you want but just let me go and"

"Give me your seeds" she interrupted.

Her voice was so soft and soothing, it had calmed his body. 

"Yes, first we must have the seeds" she said matter of factly. 

With that the vines began to wrap around his wrists and ripped off his shirt. The covered the back of his hands. He was still covered up, trying his best to hide his hard cock. But the vines gripped his hands and began to move them away. They pulled his hands off his cock exposing himself to her once more.

"mmm" she said in approval and begin cupping her breasts, the tips of her fingers rubbing over her hard nipples. She sighed and brought her hand down, slowly reaching her pussy where she let out a louder sigh. Each of her fingers seemed to move on it's own and in it's own way almost to reach maximum pleasure. Each finger was exploring her body. She looked over him, spread open with his hard cock standing, pulsing in the air.

At that moment more vines had grabbed his shoulders and pressed his back against the tree holding him. There he was sitting against the tree, legs spread wide open with the vines exploring all over. Right as he began to speak again "please I just" he was cut off this time as soft leaves slid across his face and packed into his mouth. The leaves were nice and cool but filled his mouth and all he could do was let out a muffled cry. 

"Shhh we must get the seeds now" she whispered.

The vines wrapped around his hands and moved them over his cock. He had no control over them again but at that moment, and looking into her eyes he let go. He wanted it. For the first time he let go the fighting and enjoyed what was happening to his body. The vines moved his hands back onto his cock, closing the fingers to create a nice grip. His cock was covered in precum and his hand moved up and down his cock as his other softly sized his tight balls. He was enjoying himself and she could tell by his muffled moans.

"That's it, just like that" she encouraged as she continued rubbing her pussy. She walked closer and bent down putting her face right next his cock, watching as his vine covered hands worked it and his balls tighten. Just looking at her soft face watching his cock almost made him cum and he let out a loud muffled moan. "No no, not yet" she said as she could see by his balls that he wanted to cum. With that the vines stopped moving and pulled his hands off his cock leaving his cock pulsing stretching out wanting to cum. He could feel himself right on the brink of cumming and she squeezed his balls with her vine hands and held them tight "Not yet" and she kissed softly just under the tip of his cock.

His back arched and relaxed as he let out a deep breath and his cock twitched but nothing came out. He let out a muffled cry. She let go of his balls and climbed up on the rock. Her pussy was now directly at eye level and he couldn't help but stare at how perfect it looked. The leaves in his mouth had fallen out and he opened his mouth but no words came out. She moved closer now, her pussy directly in his face, and something came over him and he stuck out his tongue as far as he could to try and taste it. She was just out of his reach as his tongue wiggled in the air begging for her pussy.

"Ohh" she let said as she looked down and watched his tongue moving. She took a step closer just so the tip of his tongue reached her pussy. They both moaned at the contact and she reached down and spread her pussy lips. His tongue began exploring feverishly all over her lips. She moved closer allowing for his tongue to sink deeper into her pussy. She was pinching her nipples with her other hand and she watched his tongue move almost mindless around her pussy. It soon made it's way to her clit and her entire body tensed up and she spoke softly "mmhmm yes like that". He had was still rock hard standing straight up in the air and a vine had moved up to his balls, tickling them lightly. This only made him suck and lick her pussy more feverishly. She was so wet and he loved tasting her. He began sucking on her clit and she held the back of his head and pressed him up against her. 

Her entire body shook as she began to cum with his mouth suckling at her clit. They both moaned loudly as pleasure overtook them. She tasted so good and he just couldn't stop suckling on her clit, licking her pussy lips and working his tongue as deep in her tight pussy as he could. 

She pulled back for a second, as the pleasure was too much. "But now we must get the seeds" she whispered and his lips gave her clit one last kiss.

With that she stood over him and bent down. "Now you suck here" as she pushed her hard nipple in his face. His lips moved over her nipple and began suckling, flicking his tongue against the hard nipple in his mouth. She opened her pussy with her fingers and lowered onto this hard cock. The vines were still tickling his balls and right under his balls, exploring and spreading him open. Right as her pussy suctioned his cock he let out a loud moan and softly bit down on her nipple. She continued working up and down on his cock, her pussy lips tightly gripping his cock. She was so wet and he could feel her juices dripping down his cock over his balls. She held him like that for what felt like hours, his face buried in her breasts sucking on her nipples. Finally he couldn't take it any more. He let out a whimper and all he could must was "Im going to cum"

"Yes you must, we need your seeds" and with that she pulled off his cock and began still moving up and down rubbing his hard cock against her wet pussy lips and clit. He could no longer speak and held his breath as he felt his cock pumping, the cum begging to shoot out. The vines playing with his balls moved up and gripped tightly around the base of his cock just as he was about to cum causing his cock to stiffen more. The pleasure overtook him and his cock erupting. Long shots of his white cum burst from his cock shooting all up her chest, covering her breasts. Ribbons of cum shot from the tip of his cock covering her clit and dripping down her pussy. She reached for a green leave and folded it in her hands. She used it to scoop up the cum that covered her breasts and ran it across his cock which was still twitching, oozing cum. 

The vines slowly released their grip of his body. He was covered in sweat and exhausted. He couldn't even speak. Just sighed. 

"You see, we must have your seeds" she spoke softly, out of breath.

At that point he noticed that the melody he had played on his banjo had still been playing the whole time softly in the background. She bent down and kissed the tip of his cock and the bushes parted and she vanished back deep into the forest.