 Guess who's back? Back again? 

I bring to you a little teaser that I wrote in one night. I thought it would be cool to post this since part two isn't done yet. 

Note: content may contain references to depression and suicide and REAL LIFE issues that do not commonly afflict the smut-scape. Now, without further dudes, I give you part 1.5 of Esther's tale.

***

Esther listened to the drones of her English professor, completely shutting out each word. Her eyes drifted over the lecture hall before she caught a pair of eyes that met her own. 

Her eyes sparked with heat beneath her cap as their eyes met. Her sultry smile brought further the suggestion in her eyes. Esther quickly snapped her eyes from the girl to her desk, her face reddening. She shifted her legs beneath her desk, sliding her hand between her thighs to readjust her throbbing lower extremity. 

Not long after their heated glance, the professor ended the session, dismissing the students. Esther felt the need to clear the head on her shoulders and to calm the one below her waist. Not turning to see that face again, she rushed to the library. She needed to find a book for her next essay anyway. 

She found the library barren and silent as always. The five-story tall, quiet building filled with books and computers on a Tuesday a week before exams and not a soul was there. How believable. 

"I have to be dreaming." Esther sighed. 

She's been practicing lucid dreaming during her frequent naps. She figured that she might as well make some use of her depression. Despite recognizing her false reality, she figured that she might as well explore a bit. She climbed the staircase positioned in the center of the room, reaching the fourth floor. In reality, she'd often go here due to the fact that very few people ever did. She could sit up there and read or be completely alone with her thoughts. 

She entered the maze of bookshelves, not looking for anything in particular. She figured she'd do something to pass the time until her alarm startles her awake. Part of her wished she had stayed back in that class room with that girl. It would have made for a very interesting dream. Her thoughts were broken as she came across a bookshelf at the far end of the maze. It was completely empty except for one pale, faded blue book sitting idle in its center. Esther pulled the book from its place, wiping the dust from it to see that there was nothing on its as faces at all: each one even the bind was as blank as Slender. She opened the book cautiously to the center page where she found a poem: "Lady Lazarus". How ironic. She hadn't even planned that one. 

Suddenly, she felt her arms restrained as her body was slammed against the shelf. The book, while once in her hands, was now accompanying the carpeted floor. She felt a light pressure on her wrists. As her eyes turned to them, she saw that she was being held by a pair of feminine hands. Esther began to struggle until she felt a pair of warm lips pucker on her neck. 

"If you want me to stop, just say the word, baby," the lips parted into a warm, moist whisper that sent chills of pleasure down her spine. 

Esther didn't dare to say a word for a few minutes as she silently waited for her visiter to continue. "Good girl," she felt the breath tickle at her ear. "Now put your hands on the shelf and don't take them off." Esther promptly obeyed with the guidance of her visiter's hands. 

She soon felt the hands release her wrists and trail smoothly up her arms to her shoulders as the mysterious girl pecked at her neck, creeping up to her cheek and licking and nibbling at her earlobe. Esther could feel her legs growing restless from the teasing, silently begging for her lower head to gain some attention. The girl slowly traced the curves of Esther's back and sides, giving her cheeks a playful squeeze while lifting her skirt. The hands naughtily glided over her hips, gripping at the lip of her white panties before lifting them over Esther's agonizing length. The panties dropped down her legs to rest on her ankles, rendering her hardened shaft in full view beneath her skirt. The hands took no time before grasping at the rod. 

"Such a naughty girl," she felt the heat dance around her ears. "Getting so hard after just a fondle." The hands began to she stroke at her pink tip, pulling clear dew drops to the surface along with a sharp squeak from Esther. "And already dirtying my hands? You must really want this, don't you?"

Esther let out a meep as the hands continued to stroke her shaft from tip to base, sometimes teasing at her dripping flower as they reached her base. Esther shut her eyes, barely able to hold on as the wet smacks and pops caused by her natural lubricants that now coated her shaft filled her ears. She involuntarily began to buck her hips into each stroke as her climax grew nearer. 

"Oh?" The voice laughed with her own pants of pleasure. "Is my naughty girl getting close? Huh? We barely even did anything yet!" The frequency of the strokes began to pick up rapidly. "I bet you're just gonna cum from a wittle handy then." The voice mocked in her whisper. "I want my wittle girl to sawy it for me. Tell me when my naughty girl's gonna empty her wittle cock." She felt teeth gently dig into her earlobe. "If you don't, I'm gonna stop." 

"I-I'm gonna c-cum." Esther barely managed to squeeze between her teeth. 

"Aww, aweady?" The voice mocked playfully. 

"Y-yes. I'm already cumming!" Esther barred her teeth, her fingernails digging into the wooden shelf. 

Her climax nearly caused her legs to go limp under the pleasure, but she managed to keep from collapsing, even though her legs now buckled inward. Thick heat engorged her shaft's size as it rose to her slit. Her thick, pearly white milk spurted from her in a large rope splattering against the bookshelf in front of her. The mysterious visiter continued to milk her shaft of each rope that would spurt forth only to crash against the wooden shelf while some proceeded to coat the soft hands. 

Esther felt so weak that her she nearly collapsed if not for the woman behind her for her to lean on. She felt a warmhearted kiss grace her cheek. "That's a good girl. Hopefully, next time, we can do a little more." 

-

Esther awoke to a dark room, devoid of light save the digital clock on her desk. She felt an intense warmth in her pajama bottoms. She didn't need to investigate to know that she had just blown her load in her panties. Rather cleaning herself, she decided to leave it until morning. She needed her rest anyway. Laurel had been asking her to join her and her friends that night. She pulled her covers over her shoulders, ignoring the sticky heat. This one was definitely going in the journal. As Esther enveloped herself in her sheets, she didn't even notice the pair of eyes watching her from the bed opposite to hers.