 Old Tom Bombadil did not tarry along the path, but ran straight home, over the water and across the field and on up the hill to a house twinkling with candlelight in the early evening. He dashed in, too eager even to remove his great muddy boots at the door.

"Goldberry, my love!" he cried, bounding up the stairs. "I have found you a pretty present."

He found his lady in the washroom, lying in one of the great tubs of steaming water. Her long, slender calves hung over the edge on either side; in between them, beneath the water, she was thrusting a smooth, wide willow-wand. She looked up at Tom in a daze. "What--what did you say, dearest?"

Smiling, Tom reached down into the water between her thighs and snatched the willow-wand from her hand, casting it aside. "You shan't have any more need of that tonight, my love. I have found you a young man, hard and thick as this wand, and handsome, too!"

A smile crept over Goldberry's fair face, and she sat up eagerly. "But you too have found yourself something, or do I mistake your delight?"

Tom winked. "You know me well, Goldberry. But I think perhaps this is a toy we can both share. Come now, my lady, dress yourself as you may and return with me to Old Man Willow's lair!"

---

Tom led Goldberry into the clearing, his torch held aloft to light the way. Goldberry's bare feet stepped daintily upon the soft ground, making no sound. The sheerest of garments glimmered about her thin body, swirling around her hips. Through it, her fair curves could be seen: small, firm breasts with tiny pink nipples; a delicate, slim waist that gave way to narrow hips and the fullest, roundest ass in Middle Earth. Her lovely long yellow hair was piled high atop her head, though several tendrils fell curling about her face. Her eyes were bright with anticipation, and for the occasion, she had painted her full lips red as blood.

Tom himself wore little. Also bare-footed and bare chested, he wore only a pair of brown breeches rolled up beneath his knee. On his head, however, he wore his customary hat and blue feather thrust through it.

When they reached the old willow, they found Fenrohir and Meruwen still asleep. Goldberry let out a gasp when she saw the two of them, so lovely were they to behold. Fenrohir's cock was still hard as wrought steel, and his balls hung pendulously between his spread thighs. Beside him, Meruwen's great round breasts rose and fell with each breath; though she looked, Goldberry could see no more than a faint hint of pink between the girl's thighs.

She turned eagerly to Tom. "Let us light the lamps and wake our fair guests," she cried. Together they lit hidden torches hanging from the trees around them until the clearing was blazing with firelight. Then, drawing a deep breath, Tom bellowed, "Fair travelers, awake! Old Tom has saved you from the Willow; arise now and rejoice!"

The two sleepers stirred suddenly and opened their eyes. Sitting up, they looked first at each other, then at themselves, then up at Tom and Goldberry's fair smiling faces. Fenrohir frowned. "What...what has happened here?"

Tom came and clapped him on the back. "My dear friend, you and your lovely companion fell asleep beside the perilous willow! I stumbled upon you only just in time to save you from a perilous fate. Old Man Willow, now, he won't be hurting anyone anymore," Tom muttered in a staged whisper, scowling up at the tree. Goldberry had to stifle a giggle.

If either traveler knew or suspected Tom of misleading them about their supposed rescue, neither showed any sign. Indeed, it seemed as though the events of that afternoon had disappeared completely from their memories. Fenrohir was the first to thank Tom, rising unsteadily to his feet and extending his hand. "You have my gratitude, and my companion's. But how did we come to be naked? My recollection is hazy at best."

Tom smiled. "The Old Forest is hot, particularly in this clearing and especially just after noon. One could hardly blame young travelers, especially two as fair as yourselves, for seeking reprieve from the weather."

Fenrohir felt dizzy. He knew he was still naked, but felt oddly at ease before this great friendly man. Then he caught a glimmer of movement, and beheld Goldberry standing before him. "Be at ease, traveler," she said as though she guessed his thoughts. Her voice was low and calming. "Fear nothing: Tom is here! It is a time to celebrate and--" here her eyes dropped for just a moment to the hard cock which stretched towards her "--enjoy yourselves."

Fenrohir frowned, and opened his mouth to say something, but at that moment a flare of firelight revealed to him every inch of Goldberry's body, and he felt his cock pulse with sudden desire. Smiling at him as though she knew his secret, Goldberry turned to where Tom knelt, having in that short time built up a large bonfire. It was the light from its kindling which had revealed her body beneath the flimsy dress, and she approached it now, knowing it hid nothing.

"Fair traveler, it is well that you are not clothed now, for this fire will keep away all dangerous creatures, but its heat is great," said Goldberry. "But now, dear guest, you must see to your companion--I fear she is in distress."

Fenrohir bent quickly to Meruwen, whom he seemed only just to have remembered. She was trying desperately to find clothing with which to cover herself, though her garments seemed to have vanished entirely. Wrapping her arms about her great breasts, her back to the two strangers, she wept softly.

Fenrohir put a hand on her shoulder. "Do not cry, my dear. Tom and...Tom and his lady have rescued us, and are here now to protect us from this evil forest. I too am naked, but I feel no shame; it is warm here and clothing would be but a burden."

The twisted logic of Tom and Goldberry, having already taken seat in Fenrohir's mind, came as a huge relief to Meruwen. Smiling up at her companion, she took his hand and rose, releasing her naked breasts. "Thank you, Fenrohir," she said softly. 

"We are most fortunate, and most deeply in your debt, good friends," Meruwen cried, turning and extending her hands out to Goldberry and Tom. "How can we repay your kindness?"

In the firelight, she did not perceive that their eyes flickered for just a moment over her naked body. Tom spoke first, taking her hand warmly in his. "Only this, my lady: be at ease in our presence, and do only as feels right."

Meruwen frowned a little, finding the words strange. But a spicy, intoxicating aroma was rising from the fire amidst the smoke, and in time the oddness of Tom's words was forgotten; only their message lingered. She soon found herself dancing merrily in the firelight, singing softly to herself.

Tom watched her: the sway and bounce of large tits; the soft jiggle of fleshy asscheeks; the long, flowing dark hair that spun around her as she twirled. He knew without looking that, across the fire, his lady was seducing the other stranger; he knew the time for his own pleasure had come at last.

"Meruwen," he cried, approaching her, "you are so fair and your dancing is so lovely. Permit an old man to join you."

Meruwen stayed her movements and smiled broadly at him. The dance, or perhaps the heat from the fire, or even the quiet pleasure of being naked, was beginning to arouse her. Through the growing haze in her mind, she could feel her pussy overflow with the juices of her desire; they ran down her parted thighs. "Yes indeed, my friend," she said, "but only if you too remove your clothing. I would feel so silly, dancing about with others, but only myself naked."

Tom's breeches were off in a twinkling. Meruwen found, to her surprise and delight, that his cock was hard. It was not long, but thick, thick as her own wrist, and with it came two massive balls that bounced and swayed with his movements. As Tom approached her, Meruwen felt an overpowering desire to drop to her knees before that great cock. To feel it sliding between her lips and stretching her mouth open wide, almost too wide for comfort; yet her head was so befuddled that she felt no pain, and indeed when she looked up at Tom, his cock buried deep in her mouth, she found herself smiling.

Tom was smiling, too. The leaves he had tossed on the fire were more effective than they had ever been; perhaps he had used more than was necessary. Already this lovely slut was on her knees, fairly grinding her pussy onto his knee while she sucked away hungrily at his thick shaft. He bent down and grabbed a handful of one of her fat tits, squeezing and bouncing it lewdly. Meruwen just moaned on his cock.

Across the fire, Fenrohir had been talking lightly with Goldberry, but whenever she bent to tend the fire, he found himself staring at her ass, at a sudden loss for words. It was simply magnificent: large, at least for her small frame, but perfectly round and shapely, and looked as though he could balance a tankard on it. It begged to be touched--no, not just touched, but kissed and licked and bit. Once Goldberry looked back and caught him staring. "You are kind to pay me such attention, my dear. It has been long since anyone appreciated what my body has to offer."

At this, Fenrohir came up behind her and reached out, grasping her hips, pulling her to him. "Are you so deprived, fair lady? Let me show you just how kind I can be!" Then he fell onto his back on the grass next to the fire, and brought her down with him. His strong arms directed her until she perched delicately on his face, her fine ass over her mouth. Lust overcame him, and he tore her garment asunder, desperate to feel her flesh on his face. He grabbed th round, fleshy globes of her ass in his powerful hands, groping them hungrily. The firm flesh bulged out between his fingers. Above him, he heard Goldberry moaning.

"I'll give you something to moan about, woman," he muttered, and with this, he spread her juicy asscheeks wide apart. There he beheld her tender hole, smooth and pink, tight as a vice and without pucker or blemish. Fenrohir stared for awhile in awe, but desire overcame him. At once he pulled her asshole down to his mouth, where he licked and sucked the sweet flesh. It quivered and pulsed around his tongue as he delved inside, searching as deep into her bowels as he could. 

Above him, Goldberry began to squeal. She rocked her ass back and forth on his tongue, urging him deeper and deeper. Fenrohir could feel the sweet juices from her pussy dribbling down onto his neck and chin; he moved his jaw to stroke her tender lips and was rewarded with another squeal. For what seemed like ages, he lashed her anus with his tongue and groped her rounded asscheeks, until finally he felt her shift. To his disappointment, she rose, but quickly sat down again, this time with her pussy in his mouth. Above, he could see her groping and tugging on her nipples.

"Make me cum, Fenrohir," she mewed, rocking back and forth against his lips. Fenrohir needed no further encouragement. He flicked his tongue over her tight, juicy slit, quickly finding her tiny clit. He lapped at it, now tenderly, now with growing urgency, while she thrashed about on top of him. Suddenly, she began to cry out in a shrill voice. At once her pussy squirted a clear, thin liquid which splashed down into his open mouth. Fenrohir swallowed every drop, for it tasted like honey and smelled like sweet flowers. When at last Goldberry's pussy stopped gushing, she rolled off him into the grass, gasping and trembling.

From the other side of the clearing, Tom heard his lady scream. His lips curved into a knowing smile as he slid his fat cock into Meruwen's waiting pussy. She herself had just received similar ministrations between her own thighs, but she had begged for his cock, and Tom could deny her nothing. Now he looked down at her, blissfully succumbing to pleasure and desire, and heaved a great sigh of delight. The willow tree had loosened her up a little, but her pussy still wrapped around his thick cock enough to tempt him into cumming. He brushed the thought away and began to ram his shaft into her over and over again. Her tits bounced wildly atop her chest with each thrust; Tom reached up and sank his hands into the fleshy mounds.

Suddenly he heard a soft rustle, and looking up found Goldberry watching. A tremor of fear ran through Tom, as it always did, expecting a harsh reaction. But his lady only smiled sweetly, as he knew she would, and knelt down beside them. Fenrohir came also, his cock dripping with desire. He seemed quite smitten with Goldberry, and as she knelt on hand and knee over Meruwen and took one of her bobbing nipples between her lips to suck, Fenrohir came up behind her, his hands on Goldberry's perfect ass.

Tom chuckled. "My friend," he called, breathing heavily. "Your hands and tongue can only feel so much pleasure; it is time now to put that handsome cock to its rightful purpose!"

Fenrohir looked at him, uncertain. His head was thick with leafsmoke, and though the words registered, it seemed as though he could not quite believe Tom was not only giving him permission, but instructing him to fuck his lady.

"Come on now, lad," Tom urged. "A few strokes into her cunt and then straight on up her tight asshole, that's how she likes it." Abruptly he pulled his cock out of Meruwen's pussy and bent down to give his attention to her clit.

Momentarily unobserved (or so he thought) by Tom, Fenrohir positioned himself behind Goldberry and sank his cock into her tight pussy. She was warm and, of course, extremely wet, and he felt his cock sink seemingly of its own accord into her depths. Before him, Goldberry moaned on Meruwen's nipple, sucking harder. Meruwen opened her eyes and beheld the lady nursing from her massive breast. "My friends," she cried, "you have brought us such pleasure, such pleasure: it is indescribable!" With this she pulled Goldberry's face to hers and kissed her, long and deep. Fenrohir continued to plow into Goldberry's tight cunt, watching the two beautiful women eagerly. 

Suddenly, Tom's efforts with his tongue paid off. Pushing Goldberry away, Meruwen erupted in a screaming orgasm. She too squirted a clear liquid from her pussy, coating Tom's mouth and beard with juices. When she had recovered, she drew Goldberry back down to her, kissing her with renewed lust.

Tom was wiping the juice from his beard. "Hoy, Fenrohir!" he called merrily with a wink. "I think my lady's ass needs some attention, and I'll say you've had enough of her pussy by now."

Fenrohir looked down. Indeed, Goldberry's asshole seemed to beckon from between the shadow of her tight ass cheeks. Obediently, he slid his shaft out of her dripping pussy and pushed the tip into her asshole. Goldberry let out a squeal and began to push back on his cock. Fenrohir stared with growing lust as the hole opened easily to take his cock. It was tighter than anything he had ever experienced.

If Tom had exaggerated Goldberry's desire for Fenrohir's cock in her ass, he could see no sign of it. She broke away from Meruwen's embrace and began sliding her asshole back and forth over his cock. On each outward stroke, she tightened her anus around his shaft, fairly begging him to shoot his cum deep into her bowels. Fenrohir felt utterly helpless, his eyes riveted on the gyrating, bouncing ass into which his cock was submerged again and again.

Tom, too, was watching his lady's wanton display, and growing increasingly aroused at the sight of it. With a mighty heave, he plunged his cock once more into Meruwen's slippery pussy with renewed vigor, suddenly determined to fill her with a load of his cum. She squealed and wrapped her long legs around his ass, drawing him eagerly inside. Her hands were on her breasts, kneading them mindlessly.

"Yes, girl," he growled, gripping her hips powerfully. "Squeeze those fat titties for old Tom. Show me what a little whore you are."

Meruwen smiled and lifted one of her breasts to her mouth. Her lips closed over the nipple and she began to suck hard at the little nub. This was too much for Tom to endure, and with a mighty yell, he plunged one last time into her tight cunt, unleashing a torrent of cum deep inside her. Goldberry, seeing her lover fill the beautiful stranger with his seed, began to pump faster and harder on Fenrohir's cock. "Give me your cum!" she cried. "I want it deep in my ass."

Fenrohir could not help but obey. When next Goldberry's asshole swallowed every last inch of his cock, he erupted inside her. She moaned with every pulse of his cock, feeling his hot cum squirt into her bowels. At last his orgasm subsided and Fenrohir withdrew from her amazing ass. It gaped for just a moment, allowing a single bead of cum to escape, before closing tight once more. Goldberry swung her ass around until she faced Fenrohir, her ass in Tom's face. As she took Fenrohir's cock into her mouth, Fenrohir stared in amazement: here was this pretty, dirty lady sucking her ass juices off his cock while her large, strong lover bent to her asshole and sucked every drop of Fenrohir's cum out of her rectum.

The four lovers collapsed into a heap of flesh beside the roaring fire, soaked in sweat and cum. Although Fenrohir and Meruwen's memory of the events would be hazy in the morning, they would awake to find themselves naked still and filled with renewed lust. The two would depart from the shadow of the old willow, accompanied by their strange new companions, to the house on the hill, where depravity yet unknown awaited.