 This is a FICTIONAL tail wherein, a seaborne creature mates with reluctant girls (18+) while their stepfather happily films the event. If that sort of thing isn't your ball game—ahem—then look away. 

Down to brass tacks, I welcome legitimate feedback. As this is my first work of word craft, you dear reader; are my test subject. Please be blatantly honest and thorough if you chose to bestow your wisdom upon me. 

*****

A young family on vacation was paddling their rubber raft through the gentle costal surf. They were admiring the deep green seaside cliffs, when the youngest daughter Suzy spied a small cave in the rocks. Her stepfather Dave saw no danger in taking a closer look so he paddled the small raft into the mouth of the cave. 

Inside, the cave was spectacular, the sharp rocks sparkled with the afternoon sun and the shape of the cave mitigated all but the slightest surf; making it appear as though they were floating in midair within a massive emerald geode. It was very apparent that during rough surf the cave would become a meat grinder due to its ultra-sharp rocks but it was a wonder to behold when conditions were fare. 

Dave didn't recognize the change in the viscosity of the water because it was slight but to a keen eye; it would have appeared as though the water in the cave had a film over its glass smooth surface. Seeing no danger, Suzy sprang from the boat for a swim and became the first member of the family to notice the film across the top of the water. It felt like she had jumped onto a tarp covering the water. It wrapped her around her tight 18 year old body and threatened to pull her under. 

Just as she was beginning to struggle, Dave's strong hand grabbed her shoulder and hoisted her back into the boat in a single fluid motion. Barking at her about the dangers of jagged rocks and fire coral that could be found throughout the area. She blushed and hung her head which prompted Dave to back off. He knew he was the new addition to the family. If he wanted the respect of any of them he would need to earn it. His usual hardline approach to life had to be tempered with tenderness if he hoped to assert his position as head of the house. All the commotion disturbed Suzie's mother Kim who had been snoozing. She briefly adjusted and then slid her head into Dave's lap to continue her nap in the blistering sun. 

What Dave did not know was that Susie's reaction was not in response to his lecture. Rather; because of the movement between her legs. The water on her skin flowed like it was alive as it gathered beneath her generous one piece swimsuit and churned against her skin. It could move with ease just like water and she was helpless to stop its progress around her body. In moments her body was completely dry except her crotch and her breasts. A fact that no one but she was aware of. 

The intimate touching embarrassed her terribly. She looked around nervously as she said a silent prayer that no one would see and then continued to suffer in silence. The water around her crotch wasted no time. It pushed past her inner lips and flooded her vaginal canal. At first it felt like bath water pushing into her but it quickly hardened and then started to move. She could feel thousands of tiny fingers wriggling inside her pussy. 

She kept darting glances back and forth between her family members and back to her swimsuit, which was now churning as though something was trying to get out of it. She tried to close her legs as tight as she could in an effort to hide it from Dave who was sitting directly across from her. To her chagrin, the movement forced everything that wasn't already inside her to squeeze like jelly into her maidenhood. 

She gasped as it filled her to the point of bursting. The pressure was unbearable and it forced her to open her legs again. The relief she was hoping for was granted as some of the jelly like substance poured out of her and remained on the outside of her body, giving her some room to breathe but her respite was short lived. As the creature or thing, poured out of her tiny pussy it seemed somehow agitated, almost angry that it had not been allowed to stay. 

The elasticity of the girl's body prevented it from pushing back in so it contented itself by attacking the surrounding flesh. It flooded over her clit and began an awful slathering of her sensitive bud along with a simultaneous sucking and rubbing of her clitoral hood and labia minora. No nook or cranny was sacred to its wicked multi-tongued assault as flowed over her tiny ass hole and began to poke into it. 

She clenched down, trying to keep it out of her butt, which made her pussy sympathetically squeeze on the fluid already inside it. The increased pressure on the fluid doubled the pleasure she was trying not to feel. All the contact was awakening dormant feelings inside her as her nubile body slowly came to life. She didn't realize she was wiggling and shifting uncomfortable in response but Dave did. 

He watched her curiously until his eyes caught movement at her crotch. His mouth went dry when he saw her pussy lips under her suit spreading and moving. The movement was causing her suit to pull to the side and by now it had almost exposed one full side of her pussy. Dave stared unabashed behind his sunglasses. His heart skipped a beat when, in one big surge most of the water that had puddled around little Suzy flowed into her. It looked almost like she had somehow sucked it all into her except, he could tell by her reaction that the opposite was closer to the case. With all that water flowing into her, her pussy stretched wide enough to expose part of it to Dave's lecherous gaze. He was grateful Kim's head was laying on his erection for many reasons. He didn't know what the water thing was but he liked the results.

Young Suzy learned the definition of Pleasurable pain the moment her hymen broke and it felt like a fence post rammed itself into her. She gripped the sides of the boat and threw her head back to hide her expression from her family, spreading her skinny little legs at the same time to make more room for the stretching of her pussy. As she spread her legs her suit slid further over now fully exposing her hairless teen cunt to her stepfather. It was lewdly stretched open and undulating with the ebb and flow of the beast's wave like action. 

Dave snapped a couple photos of the teen in the throes of ecstasy with his expensive camera and then snapped a couple of the cave so as not to draw attention. Then he set the digital camera to record and aimed it right at the little girl's pussy. Then started paddling and hoped he didn't poke Kim's eye out with the leviathan in his shorts. He had been so distracted by the tiny hairless pussy getting pounded, he had failed to notice how close the rubber zodiac had edged to the rocks at the far end of the cave. Dave franticly grabbed the paddles and pulled on them hard. The whole time being careful not to disturbed the cameras view of Suzie's pussy being ravaged. 

Suzie saw an opportunity to better hide her predicament and offered to get out and help by swimming with a rope to tow them. That's when Dave had a momentary stroke of brilliance and said no. Instead he asked his oldest stepdaughter, Stacy to throw her legs over the side and help by kicking. Dave had wondered if Stacy hadn't been the reason he had married Kim. 

At twenty two she was ravishing. She had a solid c cup chest which was as firm as it was perfect for her tiny frame. Her long thin legs made him sweat and her skimpy bikini had been turning him on all day. She uncrossed her legs and Dave watched carefully to catch a glimpse of heaven, but alas her hairless beaver remained covered; though only just. She splashed her luxuries legs into the water and began paddling. Dave watched her facial expressions assiduously until he saw the reaction he was hoping for. Stacy's eyes went big and he mouth fell agape as her ministrations slowed. It looked to Dave as though she had just been struck from behind by a wooden paddle. He desperately hoped something had just been shoved into her beautiful pussy. The thought made his head swim.

Stacy had indeed just felt the same sudden surge of seawater her sister had but it had flooded both her pussy and ass. The only thing that kept her from screaming out in pain was the fact that she had been denied her mid-morning orgasm at the last moment by Susie barging in on her. Her pussy, as a result took the intrusion with gratitude. Her virgin ass on the other hand was stretched and filled in a moment causing the same pleasure/pain paradox her baby sister was still suffering. 

They pulled clear of the cave after a moment and Stacy slid over the side and back into the raft. Dave's heart was pounding and his cock threatened to stab Kim in the brain as he waited with camera at the ready. His genius paid off as he got the shot he had been hoping for and more. Her bikini bottoms were pulled all the way to the side and a little way down exposing her filled teen sex perfectly. 

His camera caught the entire spectacle, including her long awaited orgasm. The way she was stretched open and the direction of the sunlight gave Dave a perfect view of her pussy walls pulsating as they massaged the demon water. Her asshole also spread and shrunk as though she was being fucked by a ghost. It all made for a wonderful show until Stacy saw that her bottoms were ajar and replaced them quickly. 

She looked up at Dave but he had seen it coming and looked away in the nick of time. Stacy couldn't understand it but she felt the water flow up her torso and cup her breasts. The same, thousand tongues sensation that was mauling her clit, cunt and ass; now embraced her full tits. The whole thing made her shudder into a second orgasm as her nipples immediately snapped to the attention. 

The movement at her chest, pushed her bikini top to the side painfully slowly and Dave waited with wrapped enthusiasm for the showing. In the meantime he managed to discreetly catch Suzie's first orgasm on camera. Her little pussy clenched and relaxed a half dozen times before it was over and Suzie looked ready to pass out. She still had not realized she was exposed and as a result Dave was able to catch an amazing sight. Her second orgasm followed the first with almost no down time and the moment the pussy flexing subsided the little pucker just below her well broken in cunt stretched wide. 

Suzie's eyes wend just as wide when she felt almost a gallon of what should have been sea water push into her. She had just regained her wits still holding her head as far back as she could to hide her face from her family when her third orgasm hit her. As the last of the thundering waves of pleasure subsided she realized that the strange jelly like water was gone. She waited a moment to compose herself and then sat back up and straightened her suit out. 

Dave just managed to shift from Suzie to Stacy as her breasts made their grand entrance, just moments after the last of the water had disappeared into Suzie. Moments before Suzie had righted herself Dave had glimpsed the first peek of Stacy's areola. He diverted his camera just as the first nipple slipped out. He was stunned by the beauty of the tiny dark dots atop her lush white mound. There was a lot of contrast between the skin that saw the sun and skin that did not. The tiny tan lines only served to make her look more spectacular. 

Stacy was in the throes of perhaps her seventh orgasm by the time her pussy peeked out from behind her suit again. She was far more experienced at keeping herself concealed than her sheltered, innocent, younger sister was; and had adjusted herself incessantly but now her resolve was wearing thin. Dave watched in awe as her beautiful teen pussy spread wide and collapsed only to stretch again. At one point it even went so wide he could see her cervix. He was grateful he had a fresh card and batteries in as he zoomed in. He could see the soft flesh of her cervix shift under the attention of the possessed water and then he watched as her cervix stretched slightly and water flow into her womb. 

Stacie's eyes went wide a second time as she felt herself invaded she looked up and thought she caught Dave looking away hurriedly but wasn't sure. Then she spotted the camera lens pointed right at her and she stared in dismay. She looked down to see that she was completely exposed and moved to cover up but just then the water inside her surged and filled to beyond what she thought she could take. The pleasure of it all coupled with the thought of being watched turned her on and primed her for her ninth orgasm. She wondered if she truly was being filmed and watched for a sign. 

She felt her orgasm start but held it off the best she could as she watched. The tingling grew and grew but still she fought it until she saw the camera zoom shift and Dave look down at the display screen that was facing away from her. It was more than she could stand. Her ninth orgasm exploded within her, causing something that had never happened before. She opened her legs a little wider to give the best view she could as she felt her body push out a fluid of its own. She would have hosed them all down with the warm sticky delight were it not for the ooze inside her. As it was, the possessed water absorbed the fluid but it was apparent to the camera what had just happened. She was coming down from her high when Suzy started to feel ill. 

Suzy crawled across the boat and laid beside her mother hoping to alleviate some of the pressure inside her. Her mother roused and sat up to comfort her daughter. As she shifted she noticed that she had been using Dave's throbbing cock as a pillow and gave him a promising wink as she reached out for Suzie. Dave's smile was broad and genuine as he thought of blowing his load in his beautiful wife. His mind was elsewhere when Suzie suddenly vomited about a gallon of clear fluid that flowed like sea water into her mother's lap Dave checked his camera just as Stacy's body took the same inrush of fluid. 

With her sex finally left alone she sat up and straightened her bikini. She paused for a moment and then pulled her bottoms to the side far enough to expose half her tiny slit and then she gave the same knowing wink to the camera. Dave saw the wink in the camera's display and had to fight not to bust in his shorts at the thought of plowing the tiny teen. He switched the camera view to his wife and watched as the water that had flowed out of Suzie's mouth was now gathered around Kim as she sat cross-legged in the bottom of the raft. Dave smiled at the view he had of her crotch and began to row for shore. 

...Later that night an 18 year old gymnast was taking a shower when she noticed the drain clogging and flowing water back up into the basin. She was about to call it quits on the shower when she felt the strangest sensation. Almost as if her shower water had just crawled up her leg...