 It had been three months since she left the last way station, and after countless exploration of lifeless galaxies, Dr. Sara Jayne finally found a class M-1 planet capable of supporting new life. 

Sara worked for a University on Earth as an biological explorer. Her job was to travel the farthest reaches of the universe searching for new life, be it intelligent or non-intelligent. Normally it would take someone years to obtain their doctorate in such a ground breaking field. However, Sara loved her work and at the age of 25 received her PhD from a very illustrious University. Her dedication however left little to her social life, and she rarely went out other than to class or the gym. This was a rather disappointing fact as many of the men and some of the women at her school were blown away by her physical appearance. At 5'9" Sara had long, wavy blonde hair and big green eyes. Her body was slim with the exception of her enormous chest. She grew in her 38E cups at an early age, yet all her life she seemed uninterested and even oblivious to the attention they commanded.

Sara's landing pod hit the ground, leaving her small deep space shuttle orbiting around the planet's atmosphere. Sara stepped out into the swampland that seemed to cover the whole planet. The air contained enough oxygen to breathe, however it had a constant musky smell to it. There was little land and most of this particular region seemed to have water that came to about waist-high depth. As Sara waded through it, she came to a peculiar looking plant with a glowing bud on the end. As she stepped forward to take notes, she stumbled into a sinkhole. Immediately she caught herself, however her ankles seemed to be stuck in the muddy bottom. She tried pulling her legs out but couldn't get them loose.

Unknown to her, two long tentacle-like appendages began to sprout from the creature that held her legs in it's "mouths". They slowly rose up until they found her ankles, then assured that they found their prey, they began to rise up the inside of her thighs. As they entangled themselves around her they began to release a gel from their tips, this gel would slowly eat through the fabric of her space suit without damaging her skin.

Sara was starting to panic as she tried to free her legs. She was really starting to worry about getting free when she felt the appendages on her legs. She froze as they slowly started to rise up on her. She screamed and began to swat at the things grabbing at her. They wouldn't stop their ascent, despite her relentless assault then suddenly two more shot up from the water and grabbed her wrists at her waist. Slowly they wrapped her hands in front of her so she was bent over. The only thing holding her up was the creature at this point. Then the tentacles started dissolving the fabric around her top. She squirmed and twisted as her space suit dissipated and her large breasts sprang forth and dangled down in front of her. The enormous tit-flesh jiggled with every tremor from her body and as the tentacles worked over the remains of her suit and underwear, two more small vine-like tentacles rose from the water. These two were smaller than the others and had what looked like flower petals on the top with a hole in the middle. Inside the holes were thousands of little hairs that were designed to stimulate whatever they latched onto. These next two tentacles latched onto her nipples and began to massage them as the last stitch of clothing fell from her, leaving her naked pearly white body exposed. She cried out at first but, slowly the gel that caused her clothes to disappear was being absorbed into her skin and her hormone levels started to rise. She found to her surprise that she was starting to enjoy her tit treatment.

Just as she started to relax another long tentacle rose up. This one was big, and had a large bulbous head at it's tip. it slid up the inside of her thighs until it found the entrance to her pussy. She gasped, "No" she thought "this isn't happening". Desperately she started to squirm again, but no good. She was stuck and the large phallic arm was now slowly pushing itself inside her. She started to moan as it pushed and pushed harder, until finally her pussy lips opened up and the head of the creature slipped right into her body. She screamed and shook with ecstasy as it started to move deep inside her. Her mouth was agape that something so big was fucking her and she felt no pain. "It must be something to do with the secretion from the other tentacles" she thought. That was her last thought before the giant head reached the end of it's journey. It had filled her up completely and she was panting hard now. There was a moment's pause before the thing started rocking back and forth inside her. It fucked her with animalistic force and urgency. She moaned as her tits jostled back and forth as the alien slammed harder and harder into her. She wasn't sure what was happening when she started to feel a tingle in her pussy. A third tentacle, like the ones at her nipples latched onto her clit and began sucking and massaging it vigorously. The new sensation pushed her over the top and her pussy clamped down on the large tentacle buried inside her and she came all over the alien cock. Screaming and moaning in pleasure she felt the creature spew it's seed into her pussy. It came inside her for a solid minute, the overflow dripping into the water. After a few moments of relaxing after her climax, Sara felt her nipples and tits start to tingle too. All of a sudden, her nipples started spraying a fluid down the tubes of the tentacles. It felt great and it carried her to a different level of lust. "This must be how it feeds!" She thought happily.

Not too far away underwater, there was a small nest in which a large grey phallic looking worm lay inside. It had two giant balls on one end of it and a large ribbed vibrating head at the other end, with a wide mouth at the tip. It shared a symbiotic relationship with the creature that was fucking Sara. The worm kept predators away and the creature let the worm share it's prey. They creature's overflow of ejaculate reached the cave and the worm recognized it immediately and went out to lay it's seed in whatever the creature had captured.

Sara was loving the second climax the creature had just put her through, and she stood bent over, eyes closed enjoying the experience long denied to her. Suddenly she felt something swimming behind her. She couldn't turn her head to see what it was but she was sure it was there, and it definitely didn't feel like the creature's tentacles. She relaxed momentarily only to feel another thing touching her anus carefully. She whipped her head back, "No, no! Not there! Please! Oh my god, oh my god OH MY GOD!!!" The thing slowly wiggled against her anus with more and more pressure until it slipped right in. "Aaahhhh!!" Sara cried out as the ribbed head slowly started to twist inside her, trying to get more and more of itself in her anal cavity. She twisted and squirmed some more as the creature and the worm both started to fuck her in both holes faster and faster. Her giant breasts flopped back and forth as the weight of both animals slammed against her otherwise small frame. Her eyes wide with lust, she began to push back against their motions. No longer thinking of anything but her impending orgasm. Her face turned bright red as she felt her climax coming shortly. All of a sudden the worm in her ass began to vibrate as it's own climax approached. Sara screamed, the worm's vibrations were so powerful that she could feel the sensations all the way up and down the inside of her pussy walls. The large creature in her pussy began to gush it's fluid again, the second time expelling even more ejaculate than before. Sara cried out as her orgasm exploded and her tits began to ooze milk. The worm in her ass got bigger at it's base as it's large load came up from it's balls and slowly pushed past her sphincter to be dumped into her asshole. With great effort, the worm came all over the inside of Sara's ass, completely filling her up with it's thick gooey seed.

All three living beings slowly relaxed and the large penis in her pussy shrunk down to it's dormant state, the tentacles retreating with it. The worm in her ass plopped out and swam off contented with it's work. Sara fell into the water and dragged herself back to the pod where she took notes on her day's findings and looked forward to tomorrow's discoveries on her new favorite planet.