 Katie stood in front of her son's closed bedroom door. She had just come from her morning run and she was dressed in running shorts and a t-shirt over a sports bra. It was a typical outfit that she would wear for a workout, but this morning she felt naked in it. 

She had been standing in the hallway for a while now with the knuckle of her right middle finger in her mouth, and she was so preoccupied that she hadn't realized she was making marks in the digit with her teeth. 

How had she let it go this far? Her son was a good boy, who never got in trouble and got excellent grades, and since he was her only child, she tended to indulge him. 

It was this whole courtesan business. She had been so adamantly against it that she was willing to suggest and commit incest. But she saw no way to turn back now.

There was something else though, she found it hard to believe, but she had enjoyed it. She had given her son head, and she had become aroused by it. 

Yet she wasn't consoled by this revelation. Quite the opposite. She was aghast by it, and she had no way of explaining it. It was with this trepidation that she stood in front of her son's bedroom door. 

She hesitated at first, but then she knocked on the door. "Honey are you up?" She asked in a low voice hoping he'd still be asleep.

"Yeah Mom, I'm up," came his booming voice. Holy shit, she thought. Normally she couldn't get a peep out of him, but not today. Today he's up and raring to go.

She opened the door and walked in to see her son lying on his side in bed under a sheet, naked to the waist, with his head in his hand. 

"Hi Honey," she said breathlessly.

"Hi Mom. Back from your run?"

"Yes," she said nervously. She was actually nervous in front of her own son. "Do you have work today?"

"Yes Mom, I have work today," he said patronizingly, "but I have plenty of time before I have to get ready. Did you lose any more weight?"

"Lose weight? What?" She tried to sound normal. 

"Did you lose any weight today?"

"Yes, I lost another pound." 

"Good let me see. Take your clothes off."

"What? Take my clothes off? What?" She stammered as she looked at him with wild crazy eyes. 

"You're my courtesan, aren't you?"

"Yes, well, I wanted to talk to you about that."

"Well Mom, if you're my courtesan, then take off your clothes and let me see your body."

Was this a trick, she wondered? Maybe he wanted her to renege. That way he could manipulate her into getting a woman for him. No, she told herself, that wasn't going to happen. 

"Okay," she replied and slowly kicked off her sneakers, took off her t-shirt and then her shorts. She stood on the far side of the room, with her clothes in one hand, wearing just a sports bra and thong. 

"You look beautiful," he said as she noticed that he was stroking his cock under the sheet. Maybe it wasn't a trick after all. "Mom, your lingerie too."

She looked down at her almost naked body. "Umm yeah, okay," and then she slipped her bra up over her head and then stripped the thong down her legs. 

Again she stood across from him with her shirt and shorts in one hand covering her tits, and her bra and panties in the other hand covering her snatch, but she was trembling. 

"You look absolutely beautiful Mom," Justin said, as he looked his naked mom up and down. She had really nice hips, with just a little bit of a muffin top, firm legs, and, really large breasts for her size and shape; what little of them he could see. "Mom, why is it that you have such a tiny little body, but you have such big beautiful tits?"

"They were a gift from your father when we got engaged."

"You had surgery?"

"Yes," she said feeling surreal by this line of questioning. "I was always so flat chested, and I always wanted to look more womanly, especially for my wedding pictures, so he paid for them."

"They are amazing. What little I can see. Mom can you drop the clothes now?"

"Oh yeah, sure." Her heart jumped into her mouth as she hesitantly dropped them on his desk chair, and turned around totally naked to her son, still trying to cover herself up with her arms and legs. 

"Come here," he commanded. 

"Okay," she whispered as she walked over to his bed and he scrunched over on the mattress for her. She sat down on the edge of the bed, swung her feet up, and pulled the sheet up, but it only came up to her waist. . 

"Mom you are so sexy," he said still on his side facing her. He put his hand on her opposite hip, and kissed her on the neck. 

"Oh yeah, I'm a regular...," she started to say something, but he slid his hand under the sheet and then started to kiss her breasts. "Oh God!" she whispered. 

Justin took her nipple in his mouth as he started to probe between her legs. She instinctively opened them for him and brought a hand on the back of his head as he slowly suckled her. 

Well he's got the tit thing right, she thought, but he has to learn what to do down below. She would teach him that.

His fingers searched their way to her labia, and then his middle finger found her slit and her wetness. She sighed almost soundlessly as he entered her. She was shaking and wet, and surprised to find that she was so excited by him. 

He didn't waste much time on foreplay, and he slid on top of her and between her legs. His hard cock just inches from his goal. She bit her bottom lip and looked into his eyes. 

He was full of lust, and breathing hard and shallow as he looked down on her heaving breasts. She was still shaking and she was also breathing hard, but deeply. 

It was at that moment that she realized that she wanted it. She wanted her young son to fuck her. His cock slipped into her labia and she thought maybe this is what she wanted all along. 

He pushed into her hard, and she grunted as he impaled her. She arched her back as he slowly pushed in all of the way. There was no questions now, no ambivalence, just pure animal wantonness. 

As he fucked her, she slowly brought her knees up along his body, so that Justin could penetrate her more deeply. He held some of his weight on his elbows, but most of his body was lying on her, chest-to-chest, groin-to-groin, locked in carnal bliss. 

"Oh God Mom, if feels so good," he whispered in her ear. 

"Yes Baby, I know," she answered him. 

"It feels good for you Mom?'

"Yeah Baby it feels real good." And as she said it, she meant it. It felt so wonderful to have his cock in her that she didn't want him to stop. 

He got up on his hands so that he could see her, see those wonderful tits of hers bouncing up and down to his thrusting. Then he looked down to see his cock plunging into his mother's pussy over and over again. 

With every stroke he tried to get deeper and deeper for the pleasure was so great that he couldn't get enough. He looked back at her tits; her nipples still shiny and wet from where he sucked on them. 

And then he looked into his mother's face, and her eyes that looked back at him with so much desire. He kissed her on the lips once, twice and then the third time his tongue entered her mouth and as she answered it with her own, he came. 



Twenty minutes later Katie lied in that small twin bed naked next to her son as they "spooned." He had his right arm around her holding her close. She missed this with her husband who barely touched her anymore, and she was actually enjoying this with her son right now. 

"Mom was it good?" He whispered to the back of her head.

"It was nice honey." She wasn't lying. She really had enjoyed it. "Real nice."

"Did you come?"

Kate cringed. It was a question usually prompted by a man's ego, but Justin was such a novice, that maybe he was asking out of concern. "No. Not even close."

"What do I have to do?"

"More than that, but its okay honey. Really."

"I want to learn how," he said and his right hand reached down to her crotch.

"Justin, honey, not now. I've got so much to do," she said and she tried to get up, but he held her firm. "You've had your fun," she protested,

"You're not supposed to deny me, Mom. Besides I want to see you have an orgasm." 

That was a quandary for Katie. She didn't know if she felt comfortable enough to lose herself in front of her son.

Justin fingers started to explore her. She was still wet down there from the last time, but it was evident that he didn't know what to do. He started to finger fuck her, and it felt good, but that wouldn't get her anywhere. She needed direct clitoral stimulation, and lots of it.

"Let me show you." She took his hand, and started to guide his fingers where they needed to go. She guided his middle finger to her clit, and when he touched her, she had to bite her lower lip as a wave of pleasure swept over her. "That's my clitoris," she managed to say.

"It feels good when I touch you there?"

"It feels wonderful," and she started to lose herself in the sensation. She no longer cared about making the supermarket. She drove her hips into his hand, as he started to nuzzle her neck. 

She prompted his fingers to change direction and she moved them in a circular motion.

"You want me to just do this?"

"Don't stop, Baby. You're going to make Mama come."

Subconsciously she felt the boy getting excited by the sights and sounds of her arousal, as she felt his erection in the crack of her ass. She parted her legs as he brought his cock to the front, and then he roughly entered her. 

He was fucking her again, and she started to moan low and slow. Her right hand was still on his hand guiding his fingers, and then she brought her left hand up and lightly touched her nipple. 

But as Katie was enjoying this dreamy, beautiful lay, Justin was in the grips of a monster. A demon so dark, depraved and omnipotent that he couldn't resist it even if he so desired, but in fact he did not so desire. All he desired was to fuck his Mom real hard and real fast. 

He was fingering her, but he only did it so he could hold her close and drive his erection as deep as he could into that wonderful cunt of hers. He kissed her neck, but the object of his desire was her reflection in the mirror across the room where he could see her entire naked body.  

The way her breasts swayed to his cadence and the sight of his dick entering her pussy were his prime interest; his only interest. The fact that she was in the throws of passion only served to intensify his passion.  

The monster gripped Justin tighter as he watched himself fuck his mother. She was mesmerizing with her short blonde hair, big tits, round hips, and shaved pussy. 

Katie's eyes were closed as she neared her orgasm. Her breaths were deep and fast and she started to convulse, as the first wave hit her. Then it subsided for a second until she started to build and convulse again. 

She didn't count them, but it was easily six or seven orgasms, each decreasing in intensity until she came back to reality; back to the realization of Justin fucking her from behind. 

"Mom, I'm coming!" she heard him say as the last wave of her orgasms became a memory. 



It was still early in the day when Linda left school. Summer school started and ended early, so that she still had most of the day to herself. 

Her plan was to head to the mall. She had a date with Timmy that night, and she wanted to shop for something nice to wear for him. Maybe even some lingerie.

Timmy's uncle and aunt were away on vacation for the week, and Timmy and she had use of their apartment. Not that he needed any prodding, but she wanted to look sexy for him. 

As Linda walked across the parking lot to her car, she could hear her phone ringing in her handbag. It was Timmy.

"Hello," she sang into the phone, trying to sound sexy.

"Hey, what are you doing?" He sounded like he had just woken up. He's such a spoiled rich boy, she thought. 

"I just left school and I'm headed for my car."

"What are you doing?" He repeated the question, and she understood his meaning. 

"Not today Timmy. I'm not giving you a quickie in the back seat of my car again. Besides I'm going to see you tonight."

"Okay," he sounded disappointed. "So what are you doing?"

"I've got to head over to the mall."

"You are buying something sexy to wear for me tonight?"

Holy Christ, she thought, this kid is incredible. "No," she lied to him.

"What about some lingerie? I love lingerie."

There goes the surprise, she though. "My whole life doesn't revolve around doing things for you."

"It should," he said cocky as all hell. Why did she find him so irresistible, she wondered? 

"Let me buy you something at the Lingerie store," he pleaded.

"No."

"Please."

"No."

"If I show up at the mall and meet you, how are you going to stop me?"

"Don't." She feigned resistance. She would love for him to meet her, and buy her something. She found it incredibly sexy.

"I'll meet you in half an hour in the middle of the mall."

"I won't be there."

"Oh yes, you will." 

When Linda got to the mall, Timmy was already there leaning against a storefront. He was eyeing her up and down as she walked towards him, and it made her feel a little self-conscious. 

"You're such an amazingly beautiful woman," he said as she stopped in front of him. "Why is it you dress like an old lady?"

This kid has got a lot of gall, she thought, and she gave him a look. "I teach twelve and thirteen year old boys. I need their eyes to be in the book, not on me." But he was right. Her pants and blouse were fashionable, but far from sexy. 

She undid two of the buttons on her blouse right in front of him. "How's that?" She flashed a tolerant smile at him. 

"Much better," he replied looking down at her chest. She looked down and realized that she had gone too far. The whole front of her bra was exposed. 

"Ohhh!" She exclaimed and buttoned one back up. 

"I liked it better the other way."

"Yeah, I guess you did, but I need to work in this town."

They just stood there for a minute or so looking into each other's eyes, as she put her hands on her sides and shifted her weight onto one hip. 

It was a look of sexual defiance that they gave to each other, as they grinned suggestively. The carnal banter between them didn't need words. They both knew what the other was thinking, and they were both aroused by it. 

"Well?" She asked breaking the spell.

"Well what?"

"You met me here for a reason. Don't you want to go to that store?"

"We're already here," he said. 

Now there was one high-end store that people thought of when you talked about women's under things. But there was another store, a store that had been in business far longer, and one that no one would consider "high-end".

Linda looked up to see a store sign lit up in red neon lettering, and cheap lingerie on display in the window. She had been concentrating on Tim so much that she hadn't noticed the store he was standing in front of. She didn't even know they had a store in this mall. 

"Frederick's, really?" She sneered.

"Why?" He asked 

"Their stuff is a little slutty."

"I like slutty," he said as he stood up, grabbed her hand and pulled her into the store. 

When they got in the only salesgirl in the whole store was a woman who was about twenty years older than Linda, and she was plain looking and a little frumpy. She wasn't the type of salesperson that you'd expect in a store that sold sex wrapped in a ribbon. 

Timmy was like a kid in a candy store as he walked around the place holding Linda's hand and checking out all of the flimsy under things. 

"Did you want me to pick something out?" She asked him.

"No, I've got it, and besides you'd pick out something old lady-ish."

"Whatever," Linda rolled her eyes as she let him roam the store. He was on the other side of the store when the saleslady came over to Linda.

"Do you need any help?"

"No. He wants to pick something out, though I'm a little leery about what it will look like."

"Courtesan, huh?"

"Is it that obvious?"

"I see it all of the time. I'm just a little envious that it's so open these days. It wasn't so acceptable when I did it years ago."

"Oh yeah?" Linda was a little surprised. This woman didn't seem the type, but she was probably a much younger woman then.

"You're lucky. He's a lot more handsome than my young man."

"Any regrets?" 

"Only that it was over so soon. Enjoy it. Enjoy him! It won't be long until he's off to college and after some young coed."

"Knowing what you know, I mean the fact that they use you, and then forget about you, would you do it all over again?"

"Yes, oh yes," the salesgirl said as a blush of color came over her cheeks, and with a faraway look of nostalgia in her eyes. "Yes, the sex alone was magnificent. I mean you're thirty, and at the height of your sexuality, and they tell you it's okay to have wanton, illicit sex with a young boy of eighteen, and of course they can go six or seven times in a night. It's amazing. Yes ,I would do it all over again. I wish I could do it now."

"Really?" Linda said as she watched Timmy coming to them with two or three outfits in his hands.

"Yes, my advice is to see him as much as you can, because before you know it, it's over."

"Is there some place that she can try these on?" Timmy asked the salesgirl as he approached.

"Yes. Come. Right over here," she said as she led the way.

It was at this point that Linda realized that she would soon be wearing some slutty outfit, and having sex with Timmy in the dressing room of the store, and this woman, that she just met, would be standing guard for them.