 Glurthag was a warrior. Under the pale light of the stars, he thought about tomorrow's war party. He needed to hunt a beast and bring back its meat to earn his spot on the party. Otherwise he'd remain with the women and children and other peons. He was no peon.

He had found his mark. A wild warg making a bed for itself, digging out a hole. He approached carefully.

Suddenly, he saw another presence nearby. A skittering of dark shades as he realized what it was. A beast of darkness. The night's hunter. Too fearsome to risk engaging, it did not try to kill you, it consumed your soul. But he needed that damn warg!

He watched from behind a tree as the shade consumed the warg... watching the warg's very existence being plucked from him... the shade cooed as it consumed the warg's essence. As suddenly as it appeared, it no was longer there.

The warg was dead... Glurthag quickly ran to it and grabbed the dead carcass... there was no marks on the body. He slammed his axe hard into the flesh to make it look right and carried it on his back as he returned to the camp.

Glurthag was an orc of the Clan Brute and he would prove his glory to the warchief. His only desire was to one day become an elite. To fight in many wars and finally earn the right to be by the warchief's side. The drums of war were beat and his heart thumped in his green chest as he gripped his club, ready to slay the weaklings who would feel his strength.

He presented the meat to the warchief directly, kneeling for approval.

The warchief gave him a knowing look and had the warg's flesh burned. But he did not punish Glurthag. He allowed him to join the war party.

Glurthag rose. It was a time for him to taste true war!

They rolled over the hill, the wargs swarming in front as horns blew and they were whipped into a frenzy by the shamans calling for elf blood. The settlement looked quite different than Glurthag's hovel, a pile of dirt and stones piled up with human flesh stretched tight over the top to keep the rain out. The warchief bellowed out and the orcs grunted and Glurthag was carried along in the wave.

Meanwhile, the elves were prepared for this attack. The female scouts of the Ellythari fired arrows along the Path of the Forgotten as each intermediate scout relayed the message along with their own arrow. News of the attack had already arrived a week before.

The elves launched their sneak attack and showered the orcs with a hail of furious arrows. Their look of confusion as their ranks broke and they began to chase after the elves who dived in and out of trenches dug out days before.

The warchief was dead!

Glurthag was confused and afraid. This war party wasn't supposed to end this way! But now, every orc was for himself. He jumped into a nearby trench and wondered if this was the day he was going to die. He looked to his side and was surprised to see a female elf staring back at him. For a second he wanted to bash her skull in, but her eyes... they were purple and violet and indigo all at once - they shimmered. They were unlike anything he had never seen before. He knew he would die that moment when he became lost in her eyes. Eyes which danced with infinity.

"Your horde is destroyed, I should kill you now... but yet I stay my blade, there is something different about you..."

Glurthag grunted, his angry look softened.

"Run now. But don't think I won't gut you like a pig anyway. If you get back home before one of our arrows snuffs your life, tell your clan to never attack again." She drew her dagger.

Glurthag began to stamper back... but he felt a strange stirring in his stomach. He had never felt this way before and he began to question his emotions. This is elf meat, meant for eating. But she was so soft and slender. Skin was pale white, not like a human's pink flesh but literally as white as the pale moon. Her hair was golden and poured out from under her cap, all the way down her slender bottom. She was dressed in just strips of cloth that barely covered her breasts. Her bare legs were crouched, but he could see she wore things on her feet that made her seem taller.

Glurthag gripped her wrist and his incredible strength made her drop the dagger.

Gwennyth looked at his hand in fear, she realized she had made a terrible mistake feeling sorry for this brute. He could be confused for an ape, if not for his bright green color. He was hairy all over, shirtless and his muscles... she had seen many human men try to flaunt themselves to gain her attention, but this orc was at another level. His arms were thicker than her entire torso, his rippling abs seemed effortless. He wore a breach cloth that seemed to hide an inconveniently large bulge. Was he aroused? She blushed briefly, but knew that he could shatter her arm if he wished... but yet he did not.

Glurthag stood up and grabbed the elf, throwing her over his shoulder as he leaped out of the trench. There was chaos everywhere, but he saw a path and bounded over in several long leaps, keeping his prize clenched tightly on his shoulder. He entered a thick part of the forest and finally threw her down. She looked up at him in fear.

Gwennyth's mind raced furiously, thinking how she could escape. She didn't recognize the part of the forest they were in, at least well enough to know if any scouts were nearby. She realized there would already be an arrow in this beast's neck. Elven eyesight was so good, she would have been seen from a mile away, but this forest was so thick.

She knew there was no one to save her.

She would have to find a way to subdue this monster. She looked at him defiantly and bared her teeth as she stood up, her heels did not dig into the dirt one bit because she stood on the balls of her feet as she was trained to do. Her legs rippled, tight and taut. Her hips were unnaturally wide. Wider than a human female, while her thighs were much smaller. Leaving a wide gap in her thighs a human would fit his entire fist within. Her bottom was plump to accommodate the wideness of her hips, but her waist was impossibly trim. Despite her frail look, she was as strong as many human males, but this orc had her quite easily beaten in strength.

She looked at him, looking for an opportunity to escape, she was not so sure she could outrun him. The way he could leap and bound on all fours to cut distance was terrifying to her.

Glurthag could feel the stirring in his loins. Orc males were not allowed to breed until they became elites. The warchief had his choice of any female orc and once he tore them open, he would assign them out to his elites based on his favor. Glurthag wanted nothing more than to be an elite, and now it seems that would never happen. He wasn't even sure how to get home, they had traveled a week to get here and he was long off any path he was familiar with. He would have to find some shelter soon as the beasts of the night were far too terrible to contemplate battling in the darkness.

He grabbed her by her gloriously long golden hair and forced her to walk in front of him. She yelped out in resistance as she gripped his hands in her hair, her breasts bouncing under her sheer top, her bare abs rippling as she was forced to walk.

Gwennyth was beginning to feel shame, she could sense this orc was different, but it was her undoing. She should have slit his throat before he even knew she was there, as she was trained to do. Now she had no idea why he was keeping her alive... she had been told orcs eat elves. To fear them. To slay them.

Glurthag finally found a cave and dragged the elf inside. He effortlessly tore off her clothes and inspected her body roughly, squeezing her large breasts and her large bottom, tossing her like a rag doll and admiring how thin her arms and legs were. Yet she struggled mightily, but it was like playing with a small orc boy. He knew his strength could harm her so he applied the lightest of force and bent her over his lap. Smacking her bottom the way orcs were punished by the elites in front of the clan as humiliation. He may never be named an elite, but he felt elite right now.

Gwennyth's bottom immediately turned a brutal shade of dark red, the bruise so deep, she yelled out a scream that shredded the dusk. She immediately began to struggle and tear up, knowing she had been wounded badly. She began to sing through her tears, calling on the fairy of rejuvenation... she began to glow as her body healed... the flesh mending itself as her skin returned to its naturally supple and flawless white.

She couldn't fathom what he was doing, why would he beat her, was he tenderizing her meat to make it easier for him to eat her? Would he throw her in the fire? That would cause a wound she would not be able to heal.

Glurthag was mesmerized by how she glowed, watched in wonder as her skin went from a bruised mess to flawless again. It would have taken him weeks to recover from such a blow. He pulled some long vines growing along the edge of the cave and tied up her wrists and her ankles, keeping her standing in the cave on those things on her feet as he reached up high and tied her to a stalactite hanging from the ceiling. It was kept taut forcing her to stay stretched up high, her tight body twisting and turning as she could barely stay on her feet, almost hanging by her wrists.

Gwennyth thought briefly about pulling her legs up and stabbing Glurthag right in the eyes with her razor sharp heels. She could easily pull herself up and cut her bonds with those same heels and gracefully fall to her feet like a kitten. But then what? She was lost. It was night time. She would not survive a second in the wilderness during the dead of night. When the dark beasts prowled.

But yet... she just need him to come close enough... one wrong move and he could catch her legs and snap them like twigs. She began to feel scared. Glurthag came back carrying something. He had set up a small fire and filled his rudimentary leather canteen with fresh water from a deposit of water in the cave. She hungrily took the water, letting it dribble down her face as it poured down her white skin, her large pink nipples glistening as the water flowed over them. Her knees were touching as she kept her feet close together as any wider would cause her to be hanging by her wrists as the vines cut into them. Her gap revealed just the thinnest slit of flesh.

Elven females were clitless and their vaginas were very small as they only needed to accommodate the small size of elven males. For tens of thousands of years, this wasn't a problem, until the first humans came and conquered the entire elven race, subjugating them into these settlements in the wilds. Elven females were often taken as sexual slaves as they tended to adore human male's seemingly massive cocks. Elven males were slaughtered by the millions, leaving a massive imbalance of females to males. As elven females were always born at a five to one ratio to males, this caused an even more severe imbalance. Females managed the elven kingdoms, though elven males were the only ones allowed to rule. The ones who did not rule were put into breeding farms where females would use them as needed.

In any case, Gwennyth was never interested in human males, and was often chided for not doing so. Having a half-elven baby was a ticket to security as it allowed them to stay in the much safer human kingdoms.

She preferred to be in the settlements, where there was a modicum of freedom. Except the constant orc attacks. And now she realized her folly, stuck here in a cave, with a large orc, who was trying to feed her bits of meat he seared after killing a rather large rat. She supposed he didn't know she was a vegetarian.

Glurthag continued trying to feed the elf, watching her spit out the small bit of flesh. He grew upset and began swatting at her bare flesh, her thighs, her breasts, her stomach, her ass and her arms. He contained himself to not completely shatter her, but when he was through she was unconscious, hanging limply as her body was a scorched battlefield of blood, bruises, scratches and she was almost head to toe beaten to a pulp.

He was expecting her to glow, but she did not. He pulled her down and laid her flat on the cave floor, spreading her legs apart effortlessly as they split sideways from her body forming a T.

Glurthag removed his breach cloth and his massive cock was at full erection, easily a foot of green flesh with a purple head twice the size of his shaft. He was in a blood fury... something only elites were allowed to do. He would have been furiously flogged by the clan mothers and his penis drained of its blood and sewn into a small bag filled with maggots. But he felt free for the first time in his life and he howled out. He mounted his elven bitch and looked at the impossibly small slit. She was still unconscious.

He grunted... and gripped his manflesh, rubbing the head, as it spewed an oily black substance... he flicked the substance from the tip of his penis and tasted it... it was extremely salty, but felt slick. He rubbed it all around the only undamaged area of the elf, her wide gap, which was not quite wide enough for the throbbing tip of his spear. He rubbed it furiously as he used his fingers to open her up. The more black liquid he rubbed on her, the easier it seemed to push in further and further each time.

He could feel her body begin to adjust to him. Almost realized its purpose was to envelop what was being thrust into her. Growing frustrated with the time this was taking, he felt the head of his cock get enveloped by her elven snatch and knew he was in... he mounted her and then pushed hard as her belly distended violently, the outline of his cock visible as he forced his way deep inside of her...

Gwennyth suddenly awoke, screaming in pain... she awoke to find herself on the floor, her body was completely brutalized as she began to feel needles of pain all over her entire body... her haze cleared up as she saw the brutish orc above her... his fangs and eyes shining in the darkness as he grunted harshly, and she suddenly felt the most full feeling she had ever felt in her life as she realized she was being torn apart between her thighs as the biggest penis she could ever have imagined was hollowing her out. She almost passed out again, the pain was so unbearable. She called out to the fairies again, but they did not respond. She was too badly injured. The pain was overwhelming. He was unrelenting.

She looked down her slender body to see the bulge of her internal organs rearranged as he shoved what seemed to be something the size of a human male's forearm being forcefully pounded in her. She had only been with elven males before... 2 or 3 inches and narrow as a thimble. It was enjoyable enough for her, and was a pleasant experience.

She had heard stories from elven slaves from the human kingdoms, about how human males were. 6 inches... 7 inches... some even 8 or 9 inches... and they were thick. She blushed at the thought of something so big and knew it wasn't for her. She felt they were exaggerating anyway, but she never wanted to find out anyway. One of the slaves offered to show her something under her skirt, proof of their story, but she always refused them... She was perfectly content with the elven males, as few as there were, it was hard to find one. They seemed to be busy every hour of the day being forced to breed.

But this brutish orc was beyond all compare... how he managed to punch that beast inside of her... she felt whatever was the end of that harsh limb was half as big as her own head.

She could feel something stirring within her. Something she had never felt before. Her body began to buck violently. Almost milking the orc's member as he violently thrust inside of her, she folded her ruined legs behind her neck, to give him easier access to her. She did not know why she did this, it was almost instinctive for her. She moaned out in her native tongue. Was this... was this an orgasm? She had only heard stories before. It seemed silly to her. How could anything be any more pleasurable than the gentle elven males who quietly rut against her and squirted their cute little penises inside of her. She thought the tickle she felt inside of her was the peak of the pleasure possible.

She was dead wrong.

She began to glow, so bright that it filled the entire cave. Glurthag was forced to close his eyes as his blood rage peaked to a feverish pitch. She began to sing in a dozen different voices all at once as her entire body burned. Glurthag grew scared at what he was seeing...

The elven female's body was regenerating as the wounds dissipated slowly, turning from purple to red to pink and finally as white as snow. Her nipples popped out again, pink and fresh and her vagina reconfigured itself to accept its new reality. She had evolved.

Her pussy had developed thick outer lips and her inner lips gripped and milked Glurthag's penis like a machine, grabbing on it as he furiously finished his business. The pain was gone and was replaced only with pleasure. She had been reborn anew... the first female elf to be conquered sexually by an orc... an eleven female designed purely for the pleasure of an orc.

She knew she would never be satisfied again by those elven male breeders ever again. She doubted even a human male could satisfy her. Her hairless pussy was now the most prominent feature of her lower body, taking up every bit of room in her thigh's gap. Her small asshole, a tiny little button, remained the same size but was now almost being pushed out of the way by her orc craving pussy. She began to grunt herself, muttering an orcish phrase as her glow subsided.

Glurthag had never understood the mewing of the elves, but this time he clearly understood her...

"Fuck me, you beast" came from her lips in a guttural roar...

He grunted back, "You can understand me?"

"Fuck me and fill me with your orc cum."

Glurthag's eyes rolled in the back of his head, he could hardly believe what was happening, and the indescribable pleasures he was feeling. This is what being an elite is!

Gwennyth gripped his orcish butt, leathery and hard, and forced him inside of her deeper as she wrapped her thin legs around him.

Suddenly, they could both sense a presence. A dark ominous entity... sniffing at them, it was a beast from beyond the darkness.

They began to coo at them, smelling their raw sex. But Gwennyth and Glurthag ignored it, rutting even harder.

She began to glow again, searing the flesh of the dark beast as Glurthag unloaded for the first time in his life... 20 years of his orcish life spent generating his orc seed filling his heavy balls... he began to unload deep inside of her and was forced out as she clenched so hard, he began to paint his black ink all over her porcelain skin marked by his seed.

Gwennyth exploded in a cascading series of orgasms so intensely vigorous, her radiance blasted the beasts with pure light emanating from her conquered body as the black seed sizzled on her skin and was absorbed by her skin.

The dark beasts writhed on the ground in flaming chunks of flesh as the blast from Gwennyth's orgasm consumed her with hunger. As Glurthag fell back quivering with his green sacks utterly drained, Gwennyth prowled. Her lithe body supple and strong again and began to chew on the beast's meat, feeling the bloody juices drip down her pure white skin.

She had changed. She had become something more.

Glurthag fell into a deep sleep. His cock still oozed rivulets of black cum.

Gwennyth licked every bit of his seed and washed down her meal with the salty treat and curled up against him.

The elf knew she now belonged to this orc as they laid together peacefully...

Two paths forged into one.