 Thanks to PatientLee and Nymphwriter for their editorial help, and to my beta readers, all of whom I owe a debt of gratitude. Any errors you find in this story are mine alone. 

* * *

This may be science-fiction when it's posted in 2015, but will it be factual in 2030?

Breakthroughs in medical imaging technology beginning in 2023 provided the ability to view the tiniest of human anatomical structures. Since 2027, when the first super-imaging scanners began replacing less-sophisticated MRI scanners, Dr. Bradley Phelps, a neurologist and spine researcher, has been using one to view and map every nerve bundle from the lower spinal column to its very end.

I've worked for Dr. Phelps in his lab as a nurse for more than ten years. He calls me his senior female research assistant (sometimes his naughty nurse), and I also help treat his patients. It has been rewarding, seeing how Dr. Phelps' treatment has improved their lives. Two years ago, in 2028, Dr. Phelps identified several nerve bundles in male subjects, which when stimulated, caused erections. Shortly afterward, he found other nerve bundles which caused ejaculation. His treatment of men has been recognized by organizations which treat erectile dysfunction and male spinal column injuries that prevent normal male sexual function.

Dr. Phelps enlisted the help of a couple electronics engineer friends, and together, the three of them formed a company to build an electronic device which he calls the P-Jack. It looks similar to a garage door remote and stimulates the nerves in male subjects' pelvic areas, allowing them to have full erections and to ejaculate. Those men who have had various sexual dysfunctions can thank Dr. Phelps for returning them to a relatively normal sex life with the P-Jack. I've watched grown men cry on the examination table after I've given them their first erection and ejaculation with the P-Jack when they'd had none for years. Numerous men who had been unable to obtain an erection or failure to ejaculate are now proud fathers.

Recently, Dr. Phelps had a breakthrough with women's pelvic nerves. What he's discovered is that in women, certain nerve bundles, when stimulated, can cause an intense orgasm in every woman he's tried it on.

Dr. Phelps moved his research behind closed doors when he realized what he'd found. He began experimenting in secret, creating a product which holds the promise of huge profits. His invention for women will undoubtedly be worth millions of dollars when it's marketed.

Here's what I've learned by working with the good doctor. He sends the patient through the super-imaging scanner lying on their side in the same position he uses to treat them.

When the scan is available, he downloads it to his computer, then anesthetizes the patient and uses a Google Glass 4.5 to combine their 3-D spinal image superimposed over their back to visualize the location of their nerves. He probes their lower spinal nerves until he finds the correct nerve bundles. By stimulating a nerve bundle with a micro-needle and a tiny electric current, he watches for the test subject to react to the stimulation at a particular location to insure he has the correct one. Unfortunately, human nerves aren't labeled like automobile wiring bundles where the headlights and turn signals have different colored wires to identify which wire goes where, so it's a trial-and-error process which takes a skilled hand. When he obtains the expected response, he injects a few micrograms of nanoparticles next to the nerve bundle. It takes about two hours or so to complete the procedure on the test subject.

The nanoparticles just injected next to the nerve bundle react to a radio-frequency signal of the transmitter, which excites the nerve bundle, just as if the signal was coming from the brain. Energizing the nerves in the proper order and frequency invariably causes a powerful orgasm.

Medical science has been searching for 'the little pink pill' for years, but hasn't yet invented it. However, Dr. Phelps' invention may be just what women around the world have been waiting for.

Similar to the P-Jack device for men, the remote control device for women, is called a V-Stimulator for 'Vaginal Stimulator.' However, in the office, we usually refer to it as the 'V-Stim.'

Many of Dr. Phelps' test subjects reported on their survey forms they had never experienced an orgasm or only did so infrequently. Others reported they never orgasmed at all during sexual intercourse. After the treatment, all the women were orgasmic. Dr. Phelps tested the V-Stim on every one of them to determine if it worked correctly, and it did it ever. Watching those womens' faces and bodies as they orgasmed and their satisfaction from the V-Stim has been one of the most rewarding things I've ever experienced in my job.

Even though Dr. Phelps' orgasm treatment has been kept quiet, word spread among women who want to experience orgasms whenever they please. He's been swamped by requests that they be his next test subject.

On the other hand, women who've received his treatment have showered him with thank you letters, gifts, and even offers of sex. I can't say I blame them, because I was one of those women.

Thus far, 183 of 189 test subjects have become addicted to the V-Stim. By addicted, I mean that in a follow-up survey, they reported they use it to achieve orgasms more than five times a day. Dr. Phelps thinks the half a dozen women who left the question blank may just be too embarrassed to report how many times they actually use it.

Let me describe the V-Stim. It's battery-powered and contains a couple electronic chips programmed to send signals at varying rates and amplitudes. On the top, there are two buttons labeled, 'On' and 'Off.' Next to those buttons is a small dial labeled, 'Intensity,' which can be turned from 'Low,' or 'Medium,' to 'High.' The 'Low' setting causes a long buildup to orgasm—setting it higher will cause a faster buildup and a more intense orgasm.

There is a small light-emitting diode (LED) on the top of the V-Stim. The LED turns green when it's in the 'Excitation' phase. When the LED turns yellow, it's in the 'Stimulation' phase, and when the LED turns red, it's in the 'Orgasmic' phase. Each phase excites the nerves in a different manner, and the LED gives the user a quick visual indication which phase the V-Stim is in. The intensity dial can be changed at any point before the red LED illuminates.

The orgasm timer in the V-Stim is set for eight seconds. However, a large red button, a little larger than an inch in diameter, on the top of the V-Stim, will extend an orgasm until the button is released. However, the red button only works when the V-Stim is in the orgasmic phase.

The signal strength of the radio signal is low, so the range of the V-Stim is only about six feet, but there really isn't any reason for a longer range, since your arms can't extend any further than six feet from your genitals.

Early in his research, Dr. Phelps chose me for his third test subject after the first two women he treated claimed their sex lives had improved beyond their wildest dreams.

Since the V-Stim is still in the experimental stage, Dr. Phelps had to change its operating frequency. The first woman patient reported she had intense orgasms whenever she walked near her husband's wireless router in his computer room. The second woman stated she had orgasms whenever she turned on her microwave oven.

After my husband died in a horrible automobile accident four years ago, I've had an affair with Dr. Phelps for nearly two years, but during that time, I've only had occasional orgasms. Since he was familiar with my sexual history, Dr. Phelps said I'd be a perfect test subject. So, he asked if I'd volunteer to undergo the experimental procedure to implant nanoparticles next to several nerve bundles to improve my sexual response. He promised the treatment would bring me to the highest level of orgasmic bliss. I quickly agreed, and about a week later, Dr. Phelps injected nanoparticles next to my pelvic nerves. Upon awakening from anesthesia, Dr. Phelps was there checking my vital signs. He sent me home later that day and told me the following afternoon, he'd check out the V-Stim to see if it worked correctly.

The next day, a Friday, Dr. Phelps sent the remainder of his staff home early, leaving just the two of us in the office. He escorted me to Examination Room 4 and asked me to undress and get on the examination table. He placed a sheet over me, then walked to the side of the table.

Dr. Phelps said the first time I attempted to use the V-Stim on my own, I should set the V-Stim intensity to low. He also suggested I be alone and in bed, because the effects of an intense orgasm in public could be embarrassing, to say the least. He suggested waiting until evening, then taking a soaky warm bath and having a glass of wine to relax me before attempting to use it. He also suggested placing a large, folded bath towel under my bottom before activating the V-Stim.

He then said that he wanted to test the V-Stim to determine if it worked correctly. He walked to the foot of the table and took up a position between my feet. He folded the bottom of the sheet over my navel, saying, "I need to evaluate your vagina while you are orgasming."

He held the V-Stim in one hand so I could see it and inserted a lubricated gloved finger from his other hand inside my vagina. When he pressed the 'On' button, the LED next to the button turned green. I began feeling a gentle rippling of my vaginal muscles, almost as if I was doing Kegel exercises. It was a very pleasant sensation, like I'd been playing with my clitoris. A few seconds later, I felt some vaginal lubrication leaking from between my pussy's lips and it felt as if dozens of butterflies had been released inside my lower abdomen. My clitoris began throbbing, and I noticed the LED had turned from green to yellow. When he wiggled his finger against my G-spot, my hips involuntarily lifted off the table. I felt my nostrils flare as I gulped to get more air into my lungs. The air around us was filled with the aroma of my aroused pussy.

My fingers seemed to be drawn to my nipples, which had hardened and stuck out on my breasts like hard pink gumdrops. I involuntarily tweaked and pulled on my nipples between my thumbs and fingers like I was trying to milk them.

I really wanted Dr. Phelps to fuck me with his large cock then and there, but he just smiled down at me, closely studying my shaved pussy as it twitched and throbbed. I felt his thumb on my clitoris, which almost set me off right then.

Less than a minute later, I felt my orgasm coming on. All the muscles in my body became rigid as the first large vaginal contraction began. The LED on the V-Stim turned red, and I felt a series of violent muscular contractions in my pussy as my orgasm hit me like a ton of bricks. My toes curled under until I thought they were going to touch my heels. It surprised me so much that I screamed, "OH FUCK... OH MY GOD... I'M CUMMING!" Then I began making animalistic grunts and moans that I couldn't believe came out of my mouth. Never before had I squirted when I orgasmed, but I did this time, spraying Dr. Phelps in the chest.

After approximately ten seconds of orgasming and squirting, Dr. Phelps released the red button, then laughed about my reaction to the V-Stim.

As I recovered from my orgasm, I panted, "I'm sorry, Brad, I didn't mean to scream so loud and I didn't mean to squirt you, but that was the best orgasm I've ever had."

He laughed again, "No problem, Marsha. Every thirty-five-year-old woman should have orgasms like that. I'll just send this lab coat out to the laundry."

Brad continued, "I had the intensity setting on low. Can you imagine how you'll react with it on high?"

"You really had it just on just the low setting?" I asked. It was hard to believe that an orgasm that good could be triggered on low.

"Yes. Now you see why I invented the V-Stim? Every woman will want one. Why don't you go home early today? You won't get any work done later this afternoon anyway, and it's Friday, so you'll have all weekend to test it out."

I practically flew out of the office that afternoon, eager to try out the V-Stim on my own. I really wanted to experiment with this new toy. My pussy dripped all the way home.

Following Brad's instructions, when I arrived at my apartment, I ran a warm bath, and opened a bottle of wine. Then I relaxed in the tub, thinking about how wonderful the orgasm I'd had in Brad's examination room. The more I thought about it, the hornier I became.

Finally, I drained the tub, dried off, and headed toward the bedroom, naked. I placed a folded bath towel in the middle of my bed and lay down on it with my legs spread. I rubbed my pussy a couple times, stuck my finger inside, then tasted it—the last time I'd done that was in college. My pussy tasted good.

I grabbed the V-Stim, set the intensity to low, and pushed the 'On' button. The great feelings I'd had in Brad's examination room began again.

Euphoria enveloped me. There I was on Cloud Nine, floating lazily toward another great orgasm. I felt my labia flush and lubrication was running across my asshole onto the towel. Dr. Phelps knew I'd need the towel, didn't he?

I felt my orgasm creeping up on me as the V-Stim regularly energized my pelvic nerves, and in turn, my womanhood. Each vaginal contraction, each clitoral throb, was stronger than the last. As far as I was concerned, the V-Stim was the best invention ever.

The green LED turned yellow, and the contractions grew stronger. I was loving the feelings going through me. My clit felt hot and throbbed like it was about to pop. Lubrication, which had been a trickle from my pussy, now became a flood, and I could feel a cool wetness as it ran down between my buttocks. The aroma of my aroused pussy filled the air.

At the point where I thought I couldn't wait any longer, I was panting when the red LED came on. The first couple of vaginal contractions almost bounced me out of bed. I saw stars and I could hear my blood rushing in my ears. My pussy was spasming again and again, while I was making loud guttural noises that could have awakened the dead. I didn't want the orgasm to end. Then at the last second, I remembered the red button had to be pushed to extend my orgasm.

The V-Stim had fallen out of my hand and I patted the area where I thought I'd dropped it. I only had eight seconds, and I was frantically attempting to find it. At last, I grabbed it and mashed the red button for all it was worth. I think at that point I passed out—I have no idea how long I pushed the button.

When I came to, my pussy muscles were as sore as if I'd been fucked by a fat, nine-inch cock. However, I was as happy as a slut meeting the entire US Naval fleet at the end of a six-month cruise.

Getting up, I noticed the towel under me was soaked—I must have squirted again. Oh well, I could get used to this—and if I squirted, I could live with it.

By now I was hungry, but too weak to cook, so I ordered a pizza. When the delivery boy knocked on my door, I answered it wearing only panties and a bra. I think his eyes almost popped out of his head, and had I offered, he'd have gladly stayed with me the remainder of the evening. I gave him a $10 tip and sent him on his way.

As I ate my pizza, my mind was drawn to the V-Stim. Why would such a small device cause me to drool over it? How could I become hooked on it quicker than by drugs? Before I'd finished half the pizza, I found myself headed back to my bedroom.

I thought to myself, "The past two times the intensity was set to low. How would it feel if I set it to medium?"

Grabbing another towel from the linen closet, I placed the folded towel on my bed. I lay down on the bed and grabbed the V-Stim, setting the intensity to medium.

When I turned on the V-Stim this time, I immediately felt a higher level of contractions in my vagina. It definitely was superior to the low setting! This time, my orgasm was other-worldly. I felt like I was outside my body watching myself orgasm as my pussy throbbed and squirted. By the time it was over, I was puffing like a steam engine pulling a load of freight cars over the continental divide, and I was sweating like I'd just run a half-marathon.

Coming down from my latest orgasm, I felt more than euphoric. I was literally floating. Still, I wanted more. A few minutes later, I cranked up the intensity to high, and was in bed on my back again.

I had no idea the high setting would send me over the moon! The orgasm Brad gave me with the V-Stim on low was like comparing a gentle breeze to an F-5 tornado. There are no words which could convey the exhilaration I felt.

Friday night I fell into a deep sleep because of my orgasmic exertions. I doubt that I moved a muscle all night. Saturday morning I woke up refreshed, but my pussy was a little sore. Then I remembered the V-Stim. I looked around, but couldn't find it. Where did I put it before I went to bed?

I looked on the bed, on the night stand, on the dresser, and under the bed. I finally found it in the bathroom. How the hell did it get there? I must have placed it there while I was still on an orgasmic high before going to bed.

While I had it in my hand, I thought, "Why not give it one more try?" I pushed the 'On' button and the little bugger caused my vaginal muscles to come to life. I tried resisting the sensations, but they were too good. Back to bed I went with the V-Stim in my hand. Like the orgasms before, this one was earth-shaking. I'd become addicted—I spent the entire day in bed with the V-Stim in my hand. Sometimes, one orgasm rolled into another one, so many that I lost count.

Sunday morning I awoke hungry, and besides, there were several errands I needed to accomplish which I hadn't completed on Saturday—shopping for groceries, doing laundry, visiting the ATM, and putting gas in the car. I went into the bathroom and took a bath, then returned to the bedroom. There was that damned V-Stim on the night stand. I tried ignoring it—there were too many other things that needed to be done. Then I thought, "Well, maybe just once before I leave my apartment."

I got another towel from the linen closet, folded it, and placed it in the middle of the bed. When I reached for the V-Stim, I remembered that I had an eight-inch, soft rubber dildo in the night stand drawer. "How would an orgasm feel with that dildo in me?" I thought. Just thinking about how it would feel was making me wet.

So instead of running errands, there I was, lying in the middle of the bed, sliding the dildo into the depths of my pussy. I set the intensity to high, and pushed the 'On' button. The sensations I felt were overwhelming. I almost orgasmed during the 'Stimulation' phase. I did the best I could during the 'Excitement' phase to ignore the spasms which were rolling the length of my pussy. When the red LED illuminated, I nearly crushed the dildo as I orgasmed. My previous orgasms using the V-Stim were nothing compared to this one.

My heart pounded, I gasped for breath, and my bedroom smelled like my pussy. The towel under me was soaked, and I felt like I'd been run over by a Mack truck. "Maybe I'll just lie here until I catch my breath," I thought to myself after I calmed down some.

It must have been three or four hours later when I awoke with the warm sun shining through the blinds on my naked body.

"Damn you, V-Stim," I said. "I need to run some errands."

Unfortunately, my errands never got completed. I spent the entire afternoon and evening pushing the red V-Stim button instead.

When I arrived in the office on Monday morning with a happy smile on my face, Brad said, "I want a full report on the V-Stim—how many orgasms?"

I asked, "Which day?"
