 Dr. Sara Jayne had returned to Earth after her recent expedition only to find all logs of her adventure gone. Her ship's computer had malfunctioned in the last week before returning to Earth and nothing but it's basic life support and impulse functions remained. Obviously, nobody believed her tale of the uncharted planet in which such peculiar sexual organisms thrived, so she had to start out again with a new ship.

She decided to upgrade her equipment and take along a companion. She rented out a two man science vessel complete with cargo bay and laboratory. For a pilot, she recruited her young niece, Chelsea Jayne.

Chelsea had only just turned 18, however despite her young age, she was a prodigy of a space pilot. However, she also had a reputation for being extremely sexual, ever since she first began developing. She didn't have her aunt's bust, being only a triple D herself, she did have a very big ass as well to go along with her tight abs and short stature. It was a blessing from her Cuban half, the other side of her family that wasn't her Aunt's. As a solution to her libido problem, her parents decided to send her with her aunt on the year long expedition to try and keep her from her promiscuous lifestyle.

In addition, they also forced her to wear a new space suit. It was a revolutionary new type of chastity belt. Steel plated underwear prevented her from even touching herself, while still allowing flexible movement. It hadn't been two days since she was fitted and she was already frustrated sexually. Her insides were on fire, her skin incredibly sensitive. But she didn't have a choice, technically she was still legally in their custody until the age of 21 or until she was married.

With her new ship and her less than happy companion, Sara started off on a new trek into the vast reaches of space for new and "interesting" life.

Two months later...

Sara and Chelsea were in the same quadrant that she came to all those months ago, however without the old ships logs there was a lot of guesswork to be done as to where the old planet was.

"Sara, I am picking something up on our scanners, wanna come take a look?" 

Chelsea pointed to the console. Sara's big tits brushed over her shoulder as she bent down to look. This drove Chelsea crazy. She never had been with a woman before but after months of no sexual relief, anything seemed inviting to her.

"Oh my god! It's a M-1 type planet! Can we set down on it?"

"Hold on! Of course we can, is it the same one as before?"

Chelsea was asking with the hope that they could go home early and she could get this damn suit off and get some relief.

"No, it's a different one! This is incredible. Let's use the pod and leave the ship in orbit"

"Do I have to go too?"

Chelsea was hoping to get some time alone to play with her tits, the only relief she had when her aunt wasn't right next to her.

"No, I need your help to carry the equipment, come on. Let's go."

They packed the pod and headed into the atmosphere. When they landed it was warm outside, they landed in a grassy area with some trees in the distance. After walking for about an hour, they decided to take a break near a river. As they unpacked they heard giggling coming up north. They traveled up the river until they hit a waterfall. There they saw a group of women laughing and splashing each other in the water. They all were different heights and their hair and skin color were different but one thing they all had in common was their body types. All the women there had humongous breasts, bigger than Sara's and huge asses. They all had wide hips and thick legs with skinny torsos. These women were like sex fiends and would be considered porn stars back on earth. 

"Get the language modulator out!" Sara whispered harshly.

The language mod was a small microphone that had a speaker on the other side and fit inside the ears of both space explorers. It's purpose was to quickly translate alien languages. There was also a piece that was placed inside the mouth to translate the explorer's voice too.

"We have to make contact."

"Wait!" Chelsea cried. "What if they aren't friendly?" 

"We have to try." As Sara spoke, she stood up slowly and allowed the women to see her.

At first they all gasped and appeared skittish, but when they saw Sara was not after them, they slowly relaxed their guard... Then they saw her chest.

"Oh my!" One of them said. "Are you from the other tribes?"

"No, we aren't from a tribe. We are explorers looking for life. Who are you all?"

The biggest one stepped forward, obviously the leader. 

"I am Vashna. We are called Tittaluns. We live here as a sisterhood, you should come back to our camp with us."

They strode into the camp and they saw all the women were the same body type, big tits and asses. They wanted to welcome the women as part of their tribe. They surrounded them all naked and stripped them down to their underwear. Chelsea still couldn't get hers off.

"Now you will take part in the initiation rites."

Sara was placed on her back and Chelsea on her knees. One by one the women approached them and finally one lowered herself onto Sara's mouth and straddled her head. Sara blinked and stuck her tongue out and started eating out the gorgeous woman grinding into her face. She wrapped her lips around the swollen clit of the Tittalun straddling her face and sucked it deep into her mouth. Flicking her tongue over it, the woman on top of her began breathing heavily and moaning louder and louder.

Soon Sara found another Tittalun sucking on her left nipple as she guided Sara's hand to her pussy, which was already sufficiently wet. Another Tittalun was doing the same with her right hand. It looked like a lesbian gangbang as there was another Tittalun grinding her moist pussy into Sara's hand.

Soon all the women were moaning and fucking Sara heavily. Chelsea couldn't stand it, she wanted something to touch her but even the Tittaluns couldn't get her underwear off. They settled for sucking on her nipples while a third stood in front of her and shoved her face into her crotch.

Sara began cumming the as the Tittalun between her legs started shaking and squirting her juices all over Sara's body. Right as Sara's orgasm hit, one of the women bent down and wrapped her big lips around Sara's clit. That pushed her right over the edge as her screams were muffled by the pussy on her mouth. The two Tittaluns on each side of her, excited by Sara's orgasm started cumming immediately as well. Finally, the only one left was the Tittalun on Sara's face. Sara took her freed hands and reached around to fondle the busty woman's ass while she ate her out. She found her asshole and slipped one of her fingers into it and started fucking it hard. That proved to be too much for the Tittalun as she started covering Sara's face with her girl juices.

Chelsea was driven mad with lust and decided that if she couldn't cum, then she was going to fuck every one of these women. She threw the one in front of her on the floor and shoved her tongue as far as she could go inside the woman's pussy. The Tittalun screamed in pleasure as Chelsea began fucking her with her face. Fucking her pussy with her tongue and shoving a finger into her asshole, she had the Tittalun shaking with pleasure beneath her sexual onslaught.

Finally the Tittalun came all over her face, and Chelsea eagerly lapped all her juices up. Once the ritual orgy was done there was to be a celebration. Sara was dressed in traditional Tittalun clothes which were glorified loincloths really, They were also asked to go with the gatherers to pick some berries and fruits for the feast.

They set out with a small group of five women, including Vashna. As they walked they talked of another rival tribe called the Futanans that preyed on the Tittaluns. Vashna was explaining to Sara how the Futanans hunt for Tittalun women for sex slaves. They used them for reproductive and pleasure purposes. When Sara asked them to describe the Futanans, she and Chelsea were surprised to learn that they were women just like the Tittaluns. The only two differences were that they were more athletic body types and slightly smaller tits and hips, and that they possessed giant cocks. They were considered the males of their species though they looked like women. And no Tittalun wanted to be captured by them as the giant members made sex quite painful for the lifetime lesbian tribe.

Little did they know that a Futanan hunting party was stalking them right now, and as the women picked berries in the fields below, the Futanan leader gave the signal to attack.

To be continued....