 "Program complete. Would you like to try another?"

Shock.

Breathe. Slowly.

The electric tingle of arousal still coursed through her whole body.

"Don't stop." she moaned. "I want to come!"

"Select your next experience." The interface said simply.

She forced her eyes to focus on the menu. After the barrage of immersive pleasure that the orb had just inflicted on her rational thought just didn't appeal. There was a program at the top of the "recommended for you" list; keywords like "penetration", "vibration" and "multiple orgasms" jumped out at her.

"Wicked bands" she said.

Not reading the description, not knowing what to expect, that excited her.

The material began to flow immediately. She looked down in fascination watching the black substance that clung to her body re-shaping itself, converging on her waist. If anything the feeling of her breasts and her sex being uncovered felt even more erotic. The orb was forming itself into a thick belt that sat snugly around her waist.

Karen backed up onto the bed as though retreating from a predator that was stalking her. With her shoulders against the headboard she knew there was no way to escape her fate, but some instinct sought refuge by placing her back against this soft wall.

The belt stayed dormant for a few seconds, but then two streams of the black material flowed over her hips and pushed down the outside of her legs. It was so surreal to watch the way the orb really could take on any shape imaginable. Even more so when the streams halted half way to her knees to spread out, flowing to form bands that encircled her thighs.

Curious Karen reached out to touch the material. The two rods had a rubbery texture but also felt like they contained metal bars.

Then Karen felt her legs being pulled apart with the kind of irresistible force she already associated with the orb's ministrations. This time she could touch the rods and bands with her hands, but even with that freedom she realised with a hot thrill that there was nothing she could do to stop the orb spreading her wide open.

As she squirmed against her bondage she felt a third rivulet of the belt's material pushing its way down past her tailbone, parting her buttocks as it slithered downward. Then she gasped as she saw the bulbous tip rising between her legs, transfixed by the way it seemed to be surveying her swollen sex, the total obtrusiveness of its purpose sending a tingle up her spine. Its oily surface rippled and pulsated with the promise of sensual massage to any piece of flesh it came into contact with.

She whimpered with apprehension as she felt bands forming around her arms and a collar around her neck. Somehow the orb had also been sending material up her back and out along her arms. Instinct had been drawing her hands toward the tentacle between her legs, to push it away, to protect herself, but now she felt her arms pulled back at the elbows, and then the wrists as more bands formed there. She even felt bands forming around her ankles. Karen was naked and yet once again the orb had her totally at its mercy. All she could do was watch the black appendage descending on her sex like a slow motion raindrop. Fighting her irresistible restraints only served to heighten her arousal.

When the orb touched the folds of her sex Karen practically exploded. She had once played with a vibrating massager before, moving the vibrating ball up and down until she succumbed to the sensation. This was totally different though, the ball flattened out like a liquid, the waves of vibration rippling, moving, probing, intelligent. The orb was alive, seeking without mercy the sensations that would wipe her out through sheer pleasure.

And this time the orb didn't hold back. Without warning Karen came hard, her whole body clenching, her limbs spasming against their restraint. She couldn't see any more; her eyes were rolled back; the outside world ceased to exist. The merciless stimulation drew her ecstasy on and on toward infinity.

Time ceased to exist, there was only waves of pleasure flowing from her core out to her fingertips. All she could do was ride it, stay conscious, to breathe, to orgasm. Somewhere, in the far distance, someone was screaming.

When the first orgasm began to ease off the stimulation seemed to relent a little. Or was it that she was becoming desensitised? No, she was too sensitive, now even the reduced vibration was too much. She need to draw back, take a breath, compose herself, think, it was all too much! Karen tried desperately to pull away from the churning cauldron of sensation between her legs, but she had no control, no way to escape whatever ride the orb intended to carry her on.

As though on cue the orb renewed its assault and to her horror Karen felt the wave of another orgasm crest over her. She had no control, it just happened. She was struggling, shaking, flighting, shouting wordless cries as a nova of pleasure exploded in her mind. Then everything went black.

The first thing she was aware of, as she drifted back to consciousness was that someone was playing with her breasts. She opened her eyes to see her hair falling in a cascade before her toward the bed. In a daze she realised that she was on all fours, still restrained by the steel-like grip of the bands around her limbs. In the absence of her mind her liquid exoskeleton had evidently taken control and put her in this position.

The orb had formed a pair of hands - at least they felt like hands - that were supporting her breasts. As though to welcome her back to consciousness she felt them clamp down on her nipples, pinching them roughly and making her moan.

She was very turned on, and the scary thing was that the orb knew just how much. At the unexpected pinch on her breasts she was all of a sudden struggling, fighting, sure that she had had enough and yet that was just on the surface. There was some strange synergy between this technology and her subconscious. Her body was betraying her, calling out "I want more!". It was the return of the tentacle between her legs, its head warm and slippery as it ran up and down her nether lips that was the orb's reply "I know."

For the first time Karen felt the orb enter her. The magic material that could seemingly form any shape and move in any way had chosen to enter her like a real cock. It was warm and hard and she felt her muscles clench around it in welcome. Unable to move all she could do was gasp and wrap her dazed mind around the sensations of it moving deep inside of her.

This wasn't a man's cock though, she knew that at once. There were ripples moving up and down its length seemingly at random, and it was curving, probing her internal walls. When it found her g-spot it gave a low vibration in greeting.

The hands on her breasts began to massage her, gently. The combination of gentle stimulation with the absoluteness of her bondage made Karen tingle all over.

Then, slowly, the cock began to thrust. She had never felt friction quite like it, she was so swollen, so wet, and yet she could feel every millimetre it moved. It would pull out and all she could do was beg with her mind for it to thrust back into her, deeper, harder, faster. And the orb obliged, gradually, building her up. Every time it entered her she would feel it curve and push against her spot. The climax was unavoidable and came at her like an avalanche.

She felt herself clenching uncontrollably on the intruder and it responded by burying itself deep inside her, rubbing and vibrating against her g-spot. She closed her eyes and moaned at the pleasure, then opened them wide as what felt like a warm, wet tongue joined in rubbing on her clitoris. The outside world lost focus and everything went snowy as the orgasm seemed to stretch to infinity.

When she came back to the room Karen realised that the artificial cock was still inside her. She gave another gasp as she felt it ripple and vibrate gently inside her, clenching at it involuntarily. The orb had graciously allowed her to peak and drift back but now it was reasserting itself yet again. She was tired but she couldn't deny that she wanted more.

The vibration came again, gently, and then again. By now she was so sensitive that even this minimal stimulation caused her to squirm, her internal muscles contracting themselves deliciously. Something strange was happening, and it wasn't until the next wave that Karen realised what was happening. Her muscles were squeezing this intruder every few seconds and the orb was getting in tune with her rhythm, anticipating and stimulating her as she closed around it. Increasing her arousal exponentially every time.

With the last of her conscious will Karen tried to prevent the next twitch of her muscles, to break the cycle. It was no good; the orb and her body were once again conspiring against her. She squeezed, the orb hummed and pulsed, and a moan escaped her hips. Every time she became more aroused.

Then she was coming again, gently at first but as the waves of vibration broke against her it escalated quickly, taking her higher and higher and higher. The hands were massaging and tongue on her clit was back. It was too much, it was so intense, far too much! She was screaming again and with the very last of her strength she fought against her bonds. Her muscles were still squeezing, squeezing around the expert liquid that vibrated and rippled and pressed and tingled against the very centre of her body's pleasure. 

As she started to black out the last thing Karen was aware of was the restraining bands releasing her, retracting back into the belt around her waist.

She flopped down onto the bed and fell into the soft oblivion of sleep.