 Chapter 3: Escape

Grohl rode at the head of the column. He really did not care to travel, but at least this mission got him out of the palace –for a change. Most of the time, the Empress insisted he be at her beckoned call, and not farther from her than shouting distance, but this errand was important enough that he was ordered to lead the expedition. However, it did bother the captain that such time, money, and resources were wasted on retrieving her newest toy. Why did she not just get another one, and leave this one be? What harm was he doing? Sometimes, the Sorceress-Supreme was like a spoiled child, and when she did not get her way...

Although he would never give his opinion voice, because doing so could mean his horrid end, and not something as merciful as a hanging or beheading. Her Majesty had much more creative and painful ways to execute those who displeased her. He remembered one in particular.

It was about three months ago at the court in which all of her vassals gathered to pay their annual duty to the Empress. It was a three-day extravaganza of feasting, entertainment, and activities meant to show off her wealth and influence, as well as to ease the pain of her vassals for having to open up their coffers.

There was one among them, a rather corpulent baron, which had come up short of money the year before, and had promised to make good this year. In the time between, she had found out that the fat nobleman was simply holding out on her; and to make matters worse, he had reported -once again- that he did not have the full duty this year, as well!

Grohl figured he was an extremely foolish and stupid man that deserved his fate.

The Empress ordered the entire courtly gathering of nobles, retainers, and servants to the courtyard. The offending little man was already in attendance when they arrived –stripped of his clothing, and bound to a stake by his head, and only his head. Judging by the unusual manner in which he had been ordered to prepare the baron for execution, the captain had wondered what sort of unspeakable end this miserly aristocrat might suffer. It was not long before he found out.

Standing next to the condemned man, she announced his crimes to the throng, and proceeded with his punishment. Upon summoning her arcane power, the baron began to disintegrate. Starting at the toes, the spell moved arduously slow up his body. It burned white-hot, cauterizing his flesh, and not allowing him to bleed out. This made his death a very protracted event, as he flailed, screamed, and begged for mercy. 

By the time it made it to his heart, he was dead. The Empress allowed the spell to continue eating away at his corpse, until all that was left was his head and hands –which were displayed as the centerpiece at the banquet table later that evening. It was a gruesome display that served as a warning to all that would betray, or even vex their new monarch. It was very effective.

It was the end of the second day of their long march, when the train of four wagons, and some eighty orcs, arrived at the Spear & Plow. They would be in Belshire at sunset the next day, if they were ready to move by sunrise; so he announced to the men that they were to turn in early, and that any drunkenness that night would met with ten lashes. He then ordered camp set across the road from the inn, and went inside to acquire rooms for the officers. 

——‡―—

Her palace has become a dark and lonely place; and in her private chamber, silent and cold, Axania tossed about -unable to sleep.

The dark queen liked the fact that she was feared by those she ruled. She had grown up in a brothel. Her mother was a whore, and she did not know who her father was. Learning from a young age not to trust, to do unto others before they did unto you, and most importantly, she had learned that mercy was the most preventable form of weakness. Kindness was for fools and clergymen, and charity was just giving away ones wealth to those who did not deserve it. 

These, so called, qualities were actually vulnerabilities in her experience. Did her mother's pimp show kindness or mercy when he forcefully took her virginity? She was just at the dawn of her womanhood, when the lecherous viper got her drunk on mead and took what was left of her innocence. A year later she returned the same kindness and mercy, when she drew a dagger across his throat while he slept. 

She had come a long way from that polluted and foul place, and now she was the ultimate power of the realm, but her success had come at a price.

The Empress often considered marriage, but at her station, such things were a commodity, and rarely done out of a romantic connection. Matrimony was a brokerage of power amongst the aristocrats; it was not the solemn and blessed event it was for the common folk. It did not matter anyway. She knew that finding a man she could respect, as an equal, was very unlikely –if not totally impossible.

Giving up on her sentimental and self-pitying thoughts for the evening, she wondered, what would it be tonight? What will ease my loneliness, and slake my desires? Perhaps some variety, she concluded.

The sorceress rose from her bed, donned her night robe, and headed into the antechamber just off her bedroom. It was a secret room. The door was disguised as one of the many mahogany panels that covered the walls of stone, and was behind a large tapestry. She kept many of her most valued possessions in there, and it was most private –Grohl did not even know that it existed. 

Along with some of these valuable properties –one of which was the reason for her absolute arcane power- was a small laboratory. It just had enough of what she needed to bring forth any manner of beings that she might be in the mood for. 

At the snap of her fingers, the lanterns lit the small room, as she moved to the cabinets that contained the components she needed for the particular kind of summoning spell she had in mind. Dumping the ingredients into a stone pestle, and crushing them with a mortar, the dark queen passed her hand over the top, and they began to smolder. Smoke filled the room as she intoned the incantation. The white vapors swirled about, and began to coalesce into two figures.

The first form was obvious. 

Just under five-feet tall, it had the masculine shape of the upper body of a man, and the legs of a goat. It was the embodiment of male carnal lust. Its ovine horns curled downward from its forehead that framed its a face, with sharp features, a long goatee, and piercing eyes –eyes that burned with lecherous intent. The satyr stood proud in the center of the sorceress' chamber, and was more than willing to do the bidding of his new mistress.

The other was a rare breed. Of a race created by an ambitious archmage, the saurians were rarely seen by anyone. They were created to be soldiers; a hybrid of humans and reptiles, they needed little food, water, and were very stalwart. However, this particular saurian was female.

She had the body of a shapely, lean, muscular, and extraordinarily sexy human woman, but that is where the similarities ended. Colorful scales covered her –save for the supple segmented horizontal strips of skin that ran down her front from her neck, over her mound, and continuing to the tip of her long lizard tail. This soft under-belly was a pale tan, and was the only part of her that could not change color. Her face was likewise the amalgamation of human and reptile, with an oval shape, high cheekbones, and a square jaw; however, while her nose started at a human brow, it ended at serpentine nostrils, and her eyes were large and round, with a barely visible white sclera, golden irises, and black vertical slit pupils. 

The satyr's whole expression and manner bristled with its legendary lust, as its thick cock was already rock hard. It grunted and brayed quietly as its hoof pawed at the stone floor –anxious for licentious release.

While the saurian lass's hands rubbed her body pruriently, the sorceress removed her night-robe from her shoulders, and let it fall to the floor. The spell Axania had cast not only summoned them to her, it also ensured that they would be ready for bawdy deeds.

The Empress moved to the lounge behind her, and opened her legs, as she beckoned the other two to join her. The satyr moved with libidinous alacrity, while the other strolled casually over –her forked tongue tasting the air with every step. 

It wasn't but moments before the man-goat was perched on the lounge next to her -its nine-inch rod hovered in front of her face expectantly. At the same time, she felt the cool reptilian hands of the saurian rest upon her inner thighs, as it knelt between her legs.

It all happened in unison. She grabbed hold of the satyr's burgeoning prick, and took it into her mouth; as the forked tongue of the saurian opened her moistening pussy-lips, and found her swollen clit. The lizard-woman's forked, oral appendage seemed to wrap around her engorged nub, as it lapped voraciously, and sent little jolts of salacious sensations rippling through her. This caused her to intensify the stroking and sucking of the little beast's huge shaft. 

She could feel it throb inside her mouth, and she tasted its salty pre-cum, as it slowly seeped from its tip. She could feel his hips buck and twitch, with each flick of her tongue, as the reptilian female feasted upon her tender folds.

The satyr began to make animal-like sounds that intoned his pleasure, as the Sorceress-Supreme felt his pulsating fuck-knob bump the opening in the back of her oral cavity. She almost gagged in response, but kept it under control, and when his cock pushed deeply into her mouth again, she responded with relaxed precision –swallowing the impossible length it, and let it penetrate deep down her throat. 

The small creature clenched his buttocks, and brayed loudly, as the Empress suckled and massaged his swollen pole. She felt him on the verge of cumming, and deftly rammed her finger into his tight rectum –sending him over the edge.

She felt the hot cum splash in the back of her throat, and when he partially withdrew, he filled her mouth with his sticky seed –which she immediately, and greedily, swallowed.

The unbridled lust of her actions, coupled with the saurian's forked tongue working her engorged love-button, sent her spiraling into a wild climax of her own. Every muscle in her body locked, as ravenous sensations coursed through her. The satyr's cock muffled her moans and coos of ecstasy, as he continued to spill load after load of his jism down her throat.

Of course, she knew that this was only the beginning of what this prurient little creature had to offer. She was relying on that its legendary, salacious zeal would not fail her this night. She would not be disappointed.

Axania removed its disproportionate rod from her mouth, and purred, first to the serpentine woman that rose from her loins, "You, I must taste," and then to the other, "and you must be inside me!"

It was not but moments before the saurian female was splayed out before her –legs wide, exposing a preternatural pussy that was both inviting and forbidden. The Sorceress-Supreme had positioned herself on all-fours before the other's reptilian snatch, with her ass high in the air, beckoning the satyr to violate her dripping hole; and as she set her tongue to the awaiting twat, she felt the thick member of the lecherous little man-beast, open her taut fuck-hole.

The Empress felt it plunge impossibly, ever-so, deep inside her as she tasted the savory juices of the one before her. She could feel every inch of the creature's throbbing prick as it rammed into her, withdrew, only to viciously thrust back into her sopping depths once again.

She knew that this would be only temporary; she knew this would not last, but she would make the best of it -even though she knew it would leave her empty, and longing for more. 

As she lapped and sucked, she pushed back on the long and thick shaft that invaded her tight passage, and although it was becoming a bit painful, she still relished in it. The flavor of the saurian's honey-hole, and the incessant pounding of the satyr's fat cock made her feel so dirty -so unnatural- that it launched her into another orgasm.

The reptilian female howled and hissed her licentious climax, as she gripped the empress tightly by her hair –grinding her twitching box into the royal mouth. All the while, the goat-man made his final sporadic slams, releasing yet more hot jets of its cum that filled her sodden cunt, and began to drip down her trembling thigh.

Just one more, she thought, just one more, and I might be satisfied.

Deep down, Axania knew she was lying to herself, but this was the only diversion that even had a chance of alleviating the profound loneliness that occupied her life.

The three shifted positions as if they could read each others' minds.

The Empress rolled on to her back, as the saurian straddled above her into a sixty-nine; while the satyr moved in behind the reptilian lass, and aimed his rock hard prick at her eager gash. The saurian let out a salacious hiss, as the little man-beast shoved his thick throbbing shaft into her taut fuck box, and at the same time, the sorceress drug her tongue over the other's pulsating clit. 

In between the lapping of the saurian's dripping pussy, the Empress watched the huge rod plunge in and out –relishing the visage. She licked at the reptilian snatch greedily, and then switch to the satyr's balls. She then decided to give the saurian bitch a surprise. Grabbing the swollen pole as it withdrew, she slipped it out of the ravaged honey-hole, placed it at the tight, puckered opening of the lizard-woman's ass, and watched it slide into her forbidden passage.

She heard the breathy cries of the hybrid-woman, as the satyr's large member pushed deeper inside her anal passage, and went back to the oral workings of saurian's slit.

Axania suddenly felt the forked tongue upon her own gash, and fingers begin to penetrate into both of her holes. 

All three fucked, licked, and sucked at each other until they were sent into one last unforgiving orgasm. Both of the female's hips bucked as they called out, as man-goat brayed and wailed his ecstasy.

The sorceress pulled his cock from the violated asshole of the saurian just as the final streams of his seed spilled onto Axania's chest and face. 

When the lustful act had reached its crescendo, they all collapsed upon the chaise; and the two that had been summoned, dissipated into thin air as seamlessly as they appeared. Once again, Axania was alone, and the restful slumber that she so longed for, remained elusive.

——‡―—

Sola and Tyler stared at their companion, and wondered exactly what she was doing. Obviously, the elf was in some sort of meditative state, but the other two could not figure out what she was up to? Sitting upon the straw-covered floor, nude with her hands folded together, neatly, in her lap, she looked completely at peace. While very curious, they decided not to disturb her.

The answer to their question flitted into the earthen chamber. It glowed a green hue, and they thought it to be a firefly at first, but it was much too large. When it got closer, the two could see it was no insect. It had the form of a young girl on the verge of womanhood, and had wings like a dragonfly coming out of her back.

"It's a pixie," the she-orc whispered to Tyler, "She must have summoned it here."

No more than a few inches tall, the pixie fluttered about Luva's head, and then sped from the room in a straight line.

Another few minutes passed before the elf-maid finally opened her eyes.

"Now is our chance," she announced, matter-of-fact way, as if nothing unusual had occurred, "The beast sleeps, and Lina is away."

"What's going on, Luva?" The outlander asked.

"No time to explain," Her answer was curt, and full of urgency, "We must go now. Follow me!"

She made for the only exit from their prison, and beckoned the other two to follow –quietly.

Sola and Tyler responded to her bidding without hesitation, and it was not more than ten-feet down the passage that they passed the sleeping minotaur. A few feet further, the elf pointed to an opening to her left, and crept through it. The other two followed her into the unknown chamber, and found it dimly lit, but not so dark that they could not see their equipment piled in the far corner. 

A profound sense of relief filled them. Freedom was within their grasp, and this realization gave them hope –a feeling they had thought completely lost. 

The trio hurriedly donned their clothes and armor, strapped on their weapons, and grabbed their packs. It took only a few minutes, but seemed an eternity. They feared the monster could awake at any moment, or that the fledgling sorceress would return and use her foul magic to ensnare them again. But they continued undaunted, until they were ready to go, and followed Luva from the room -further down the dark passage.

Making their way around one last corner, daylight washed over them as they saw the exit to the underground lair, and the same hope became elation.

All three winced against the bright light of day as they broke into the open woodlands, and sought to get their bearings. After their eyes had adjusted, it was not long before they found a well-worn trail; they followed it cautiously -ever on the lookout for their returning captor- until they found their last campsite.

The decision was quickly made to find a more advantageous spot to rest -somewhere where they could watch the trail unseen, formulate a plan to slay the beast, and to capture the girl. Now that they knew the location of the lair, it gave them the advantage to become the hunters, but they also knew that they could not tarry. They had to act quickly, and decisively, before the miller's daughter had a chance to come up with a plan of her own.

After several minutes of discussion, a plan was laid, and the three promptly headed back for the caves where the minotaur slept.