 Janelle and Molly had become close friends in college although they had rather different life paths. Janelle had become an artist although her degree was in history. She was lucky in that her family was well off and able to help her while she worked her way up in the very chancy world of fine art. Now, eight years after graduation her painting were selling for several thousand dollars. 

Molly, on the other hand had become an engineer working in the field of cybernetics, the practical science of the human machine interface. Her most well known accomplishment since she obtained her masters were some of the first baby steps toward being able to make artificial limbs that responded directly to the brain of the wearer.

Even after college and with their busy lives, the two had remained close friends and made time to spend with one another on a regular basis having girls nights with other friends at least once a month and daily contact in social media. When they were out together they received a good amount of male attention, both being quite attractive.

Janelle was the taller of the two, curvy with reddish blond hair that she wore long, well past her shoulders and striking blue eyes. Many who met her would allow their eyes to linger a trifle too long on her generous bosom. It never bothered her if it wasn't too long. She kept in good shape at the gym and her efforts showed in her long, firmly muscled legs. She enjoyed wearing short skirts when the occasion arose and enjoyed equally the consequent attention. Although she had a quiet, thoughtful nature, she laughed easily. It was far from a light girlish sound, but rather a raucous cackle that turned heads in the room and when those heads turned, many would pause to admire. 

Molly was shorter by several inches with dark brown hair and lighter brown eyes, a snub nose and generous lips. Her figure, while more slender than Janelle's, was quite pleasing. Small, very firm breasts of which she was justly proud never required the support of a bra. Her somewhat larger than average bottom, which she herself was a bit insecure about never seemed to bother any of the men who had passed through her life, quite the contrary in fact. When the two were together at a bar or a club sooner or later the male eyes in the room would drift their way.

Molly had married straight out of college, a union that lasted only two years. Recently she had been in a relationship with a doctor named Jeff that had moved neither forward nor backward in almost a year. Janelle remained single and had been very sexually active while in school, but since graduating had become more serious and focused on her art. She had a few boyfriends along the way, but she wasn't really seeking a life partner.

These two women had lives that were both comfortable and accomplished and their friendship ran deep. It was speculated by some, particularly male acquaintances, that they had "experimented" while in college, but that was not true. The physicality of their relationship had never gone beyond the occasional hug or peck on the cheek. Both women were quite thoroughly heterosexual.

One day in early Spring, the girls night was just the two of them dining together at Molly's place. Neither were especially good cooks so they had ordered out for Chinese. After dinner over wine they were discussing various things in their lives. Janelle noticed that Molly hadn't said much about her work in a few months. "How goes the research and development?" she asked.

Molly looked briefly downward. "Um, I guess I can tell you, but you have to keep it to yourself."

"This sounds like it must be pretty interesting. Tell, tell!"

"Ok, so as you know I work with prosthetics. Lately The team has been trying to work out a full active body suit for quadriplegics. We want to get people who are paralyzed from the neck down to be able to move through the world normally and even restore some of their sense of touch. A large part of that involves identifying pathways in the brain related to the senses. Six weeks ago I found something in the data that we had been taking from the brains of various volunteers, some paralyzed, some not. It was all numeric data, nothing that you would find exciting, mostly useful is assigning feedback values between devices and users, right? Anyway I was working with a few of these files, applying various experimental algorithms and with one the data stream looked really different. So we use these electrode arrays to feed information back to the brain of a user. Eventually when we have it all worked out, they will become permanent brain implants, but during R & D, we use skin contact electrodes. I decided to put on a headset and see what the data stream felt like. I have done it before, tried out moving an artificial arm. It usually feels like tiny electric shocks, little buzzy sensations really, in your muscles. Nothing really spectacular. To say the least, this was really different. It was a stream from my assistant, Jeet."

Janelle had met Jeet Gupta several times. He was short but very handsome with, jet black hair, brown skin a charming accent and a winning smile. It was frankly a mystery to her how Molly kept her hands off of him. She guessed that she was faithful to Jeff.

Molly continued. "I was shocked to find myself seeing through his eyes, hearing through his ears. I felt it when he picked up various objects. I saw myself through his eyes as I directed him to perform various motions. I could feel everything he felt, a slight itch in his lower back, his tongue as he licked his lips, the lingering taste of his coffee, everything!"

"Wow! How could that happen?"

"It is right there in the data we have been collecting all along, we just had not been interpreting it in a way that could be fed back to the brain before. We had no idea that there even was a way to do it!"

"That's amazing! How will it apply to your work?"

"There is no obvious direct application to prosthetics. Um, look, I haven't spoken to anyone about this except Jeet because I needed him to run a few experiments. I'm thinking that I may try to take this away on my own. It's big, maybe Nobel prize big, maybe billion dollar big!"

Janelle was riveted. "What was the experiment?"

"I would rather show you than tell you."

Molly's home office was jammed with computers, mostly older, but tweaked to high efficiency. Janelle had been in there before, but now there was something new. It was like a dentist's chair. Above it hung a plastic sort of cap with many wires attached to it. Molly placed a towel in the seat, then she turned to Janelle. "You're going to want to get naked for this."

Janelle blushed. "Seriously? Why?"

"Just trust me."

Janelle removed her clothing neatly folding everything over the back of Molly's office chair. She sat down and Molly affixed the electrode array to her head. "It will work better if you close your eyes." She said and Janelle obediently closed them. She heard a few taps on a keyboard and then...

She was looking at Molly who was standing close reaching above her head adjusting electrodes. Her point of view shifted downward and she saw her own hands, but they were not her own, they were brown and masculine. She was experiencing being Jeet! Molly was wearing different clothing, she was actually dressed rather casually in shorts and a thin, low cut tank top. . Her nipples were quite prominent. Obviously not dressed for work. She had a sensor cap on her head. The view was in the same room that she was sitting in. Molly asked, "Now are you really sure you are comfortable with doing this?"

Janelle felt herself say in Jeet's voice, "Are you kidding? Yes, I am more than fine with it!"

"Good." Said Molly, "Then let's begin." and she kissed him. Janelle felt moist contact with her lips and their tongues making a wet little dance with one another. It was perfectly real. She had never kissed another woman like that. Molly's lips were full and soft. Molly took a step back and pulled off her top exposing her breasts. She took Jeets wrists and placed his hands on them. Her breasts were very firm and her nipples were stiff. She was clearly quite aroused. Janelle felt something, a tightening sensation. She had never felt anything exactly like it before. It struck her that Jeet was getting an erection. She knew that her clitoris was analogous to a man's penis, but this just felt different! The sheer difference in mass was evident. It felt heavy in his pants.

Molly ran here hand over his crotch through his pants. It felt wonderful! Molly looked Jeet/ Janelle in the eyes. "This is about your sensations, don't worry about me, we'll do that a little later." Janelle was still trying to wrap her head around experiencing sexual sensation as a man. Molly gave a wicked smile and said, "Let's have a look at that cock!"

She dropped to her knees using her discarded top as a cushion and undid his belt and zipper and pulled down his shorts. His cock stood out hard and proud. Molly wrapped her hand around it and stroked it. The sensation made Jeet a bit weak in the knees. Janelle felt it the same way, but it was entirely new to her. Molly cupped Jeet's balls. Janelle had never had that particular sensation. They were delicate and sensitive. She kissed him wetly right at the base of his cock where it met his scrotum. "Oh my God! I had better sit down!" He said, Janelle felt herself say.

He got into the very chair that Janelle now sat in even though she didn't feel her own body at all. Molly kissed the tip of his penis and licked up a little drop of precum. Jeet groaned deeply and then gasped as she took his whole cock into her mouth. Janelle thought her brain might short circuit. This was a different sensation than oral sex she was used to, but every bit as good! Molly sucked hard up and down a few times and then let him pop out of her mouth, licked the underside of the shaft like a lollypop, then took his dick in her mouth again.

Janelle felt a sort of a tickle building near the tip of Jeet's penis and also deep inside. "Oh I'm going to cum!" He moaned. That's what a male orgasm feels like when it's building! Different from her own, but similar, the same urgency. The same feeling of the body taking charge and the brain checking out.

Molly released him long enough to say, "Yes! Cum in my mouth! I want to swallow every drop!" She locked her soft lips firmly around his glans and applied gentle suction. There was a rushing sensation, a strong pulse in his cock as cum spurted out in several short bursts! Molly gulped twice as she swallowed his semen, then released him and planted many small kisses on his cock and balls. Janelle was overwhemed. Molly was face to face with him and kissed him deeply. He tasted traces of his own cum on her tongue. She parted from him and said, "Well, let's play that back, shall we?"

Suddenly Janelle was just herself in the reclined chair. She realized that the towel she was sitting on was very wet. She shuddered slightly. Molly looked at her expectantly. "So, what do you think?"

"Can you come here a moment?" Molly came close. Janelle sat up and kissed her on the lips. She opened her blouse and placed her hands on her tits. It wasn't a come on, she was comparing. She broke the kiss and lay back again. It obviously didn't feel like the first time she had kissed a woman, just the first time with her own lips. "It feels the same! Just the same. You have done something amazing here! To be able to feel sex as a man or for a man to feel it as a woman! This could change everything!" 

"You are the first person besides me and Jeet to try it."

"Why not Jeff?"

"I wanted it to be new and exciting. Jeet and I had never done that. I wanted to capture a first time. He was very glad to help and I loved doing it!"

"I saw that you were wired up too."

"Yes." She smiled wryly. "I suppose that you are curious what it is like to suck Jeet's cock."

"God yes!"

It turned into a late evening.

Molly and Jeet had made several files together over a couple of days as well as some videos of each other in the chair experiencing playback. Their bodies made very little motion during playback except to produce fluids. During the video of Jeet in the chair while he experienced being Molly being fucked by him he fountained cum copiously. It was weird to watch because he didn't touch himself at all, just became erect and then ejaculated while he appeared to be unconscious. During playback the body has no motor control or sensation. The input from the recorded file takes over completely.

Janelle was Jeet. They were taking Molly from behind. She felt the moist ridges inside Molly's vagina and Jeet pushed into her more and more emphatically. They were trying for simultaneous orgasm so they were speeding up and slowing down a lot. Jeet ended up cumming first, but Molly was only seconds behind, gripping his cock with her vaginal walls when he was at maximum post cum sensitivity. It was both agonizing and glorious. Janelle was panting and covered in sweat when the file ended.

"Did you like it?" Asked Molly. "It's kind of addictive, isn't it?"

"To say the very least!"

"You're all sweaty. Why don't you go take a shower, then we'll get some lunch."

"Good idea."

Janelle showered and thought about the strange road that she and Molly were going down. How was she going to react when she next saw Jeet in person? Would it be awkward having screwed Molly with his dick? What a weird thing to think about! This was so off the charts perversion wise. There was no word for it. "Perversion". She hated that word it implied that there is something wrong or unnatural about a practice. Of course what Molly had discovered was most certainly unnatural. It also seemed like kind of an ultimate voyeurism. This could make all other kinds of porn obsolete if it gets out there. Of course it wouldn't have to be just about sex. Mountain climbing, parachute jumping, the feeling of being in the body of someone who can do things you couldn't possibly do like a world class gymnast or a motorcycle daredevil. Not just porn, everything.

They lunched at a deli around the corner. "Have you told Jeff about this?" Asked Janelle.

"Good Lord, no! I mean if this really turns into something, I suppose I'll have to, but I can't imagine it ending well. He and I aren't going anywhere really. This relationship will have run its course soon, anyway."

"That seems a little cold-blooded."

"Oh, come on, Jan! I'm just being practical. There is nothing really in this relationship except having something to do with my Friday nights. We are pretty distant except when we are having sex."

"Is Jeet better?"

"Way better! but he's not looking for a girlfriend. It has been fun fucking him, but that will have to stop soon too. He is taking a research position in London starting in two months. I'll have those files to remember him by though!"

"Some memento!" Janelle laughed raucously.

"Indeed!" Molly grinned. "I have one more file to play for you."

"Oh God. I don't know if I can take another! This is more action than I have seen in months and it isn't even me!" 

Janelle was again nude in the chair with the electrode cap, a clean towel beneath her butt. A few key taps and...

They are both in Molly's bed, Jeet and Molly, Both are fully nude except for electrode caps. Janelle is Jeet and Molly is gently and slowly sucking his cock. It is slick with her spittle. He is so hard it is right on the edge of pain. She stops and looks him in the eyes and licks her lips. In that moment she is so very sexy. Obviously Jeet thinks so, but Janelle is also deeply turned on by that glance. Molly says, "Are you ready to make me happy like I make you happy?" 

Janelle feels his cock twitch and release a few drops of precum. "Nothing in the world could stop me!" he growls. He kisses her lips and she opens her mouth drawing in his tongue then giving him hers. Again his cock twitches. Janelle can hardly believe how aroused he is. He is kissing her neck and she responds with soft coos. His hand finds her pussy, warm and moist..ready. Two fingers glide in effortlessly. her hips rise to meet his hand. He is rolling her nipple in his mouth. He and Janelle both love the slightly bumpy texture and the flavor of her sweat. Molly squirms with delight. Jeet and Janelle both feel her pussy tighten around his fingers. He is kissing his way down her abdomen and the aroma of her pussy now reaches his nostrils. It increases his arousal even more. Molly has trimmed her bush, but it isn't waxed. The hair is soft and redolent of sex. Janelle is slightly repulsed, but mostly she is completely under the spell of Jeet's body's response. He is kissing the inside of her upper thighs. 

Molly in having little catches in her breath. Janelle is thinking, "Jesus! This is really going to happen!" He runs his tongue up the slit of her vulva and just barely tickles her clit with the tip. Molly moans. It is the lowest sound Janelle has ever heard come out of her. It is all the encouragement that Jeet needs and he is licking furiously. Janelle found the taste strange for only a few seconds and then it was the best thing she had ever tasted. Jeet was working one finger in and out of Molly's vagina as he continued to flick with his tongue. He took his time. Janelle had no idea how much time had passed and didn't care. She and Jeet and Molly were in mutual ecstasy. Suddenly Molly arched her back and made an extended high pitched whine. She was orgasming hard. Janelle felt Jeet spewing cum on the bed sheets. This time they were simultaneous. They both lay there Molly on her back, Jeet resting his head on her belly. The file ends.

Janelle is sitting in a puddle. "Your response to that one looked pretty good!" said Molly.

Janelle Looked her in the eyes. Please undress, I need to see.

"What? Really?"

"Please!" she begged.

Molly complied and stood nude before her. "You don't have to do this."

"I think that I need to." She kissed her as Jeet had and kissed her way down her body. She thought that she would only need a little taste of her pussy to confirm how real the recording had been, but once she had tasted it, she didn't stop. She didn't stop until Molly had cum twice. Later they rested in one another's arms. "I swear I'm not a lesbian." She said.

"Neither am I." Said Molly. "I feel like I should reciprocate though."

"Oh my God." Breathed Janelle.

"But first, put this on." She held out the electrode cap. "I will have such fun playing this for Jeet!"