 Chapter 1: Finding Belshire

Morning came too quickly, as it always does, and the three companions rose to ready them for the day ahead. 

Tyler snickered as he packed his small kit. The though of how much useless crap he used to pack the night before catching a flight to Chicago, Atlanta, San Francisco, or where ever, to attend some ridiculous comic book or sci-fi convention. He recalled helping the cab driver wrestle three large suitcases into the trunk with his carry-on slung over his shoulder. It suddenly occurred to him how indulgent and impractical his life had been before he came here. He found that he was not only becoming accustomed to this Spartan living, but actually was starting to grow fond of its simplicity.

Carrying an ample supply of everything was not an option for them. They could only bring what could be easily carried, and did not encumber them so much that they could not be ready for action if taken by surprise. As horses trained for war were very expensive, and those for travel were too easily spooked, adventurers always packed light –taking only the bare necessities for daily survival, while traveling on foot. After weapons and armor, there were utility items: flints, hatchets, and knives, for example. Then there was the bedroll, and maybe a change of clothes; and finally some preserved food –dried fruits and meats, nuts, and hard biscuits. Consequently, it was not long before the trio was down in the common hall of the inn to break fast.

They sat quietly at the table, over their salted pork and fried potatoes, before Sola finally interrupted the silence, "I heard tell of a village north of here that is offering a bounty to be rid of a minotaur. It seems the beast has killed a couple hunters, slaughtered livestock, and made off with a young girl. I was thinking of going it alone, but I think it may be too much to handle for just one. Care to join me?"

"A few more coins in the purse is always welcome." Luva replied.

"Sounds like an adventure to me!" the outlander agreed, with a wide grin –more than happy to see that the prurient little trio was no going to be broken up.

"Good. Then we shall head north to Belshire," the orcess concluded.

When their stomachs were full, they left the Spear & Plow behind, and began their journey northward.

After making camp that night by the roadside, they were reminded of the luxurious comfort of a soft feather mattress. The only cushion against the cold, hard ground that night would be their bed rolls, but they could not imagine living the dreary life of a blacksmith or farmer –despite the convenience of a warm soft place to sleep. This was the life each one of them had chosen, and they accepted the hardships as payment for the excitement of adventure.

Earlier that day, Luva brought down a nice fat rabbit with a well-placed arrow, so fresh meat was on the menu with the standard fare of dried fruit and nuts. After eating, they drew straws to decide on a watch rotation, and Tyler lost. He had to stand the midnight watch.

He spent his time stoking the fire, and poking it with a stick. Time passed uneventfully, and he fell asleep quickly after waking Sola, but it only seemed a few minutes before the sunrise roused him from his slumber.

It was almost mid-day when the trio first caught sight of Belshire. 

Luva and Tyler knew that the orcess was going to be somewhat of an impediment to an uneventful arrival in the small farming town, but they had confidence in their companion. She had won them over in short order. As soon as she spoke, it was obvious -to anyone- she was no savage beast. 

They could see the people starting to gather on the edge of town at their approach. The three could noticed them talking and pointing, and the closer they got, the more people gathered. And when their eyes could make out the green hue of the she-orc, the little gathering started to become more and more unsettled.

When the adventurers made it within earshot, they started to make out words. Bandits, raiders, and killers, were among the most common. There were the also hopeful tones of words like heroes, adventurers, and champions, which were also audible, but sounded more like questions than declarations. However, this did not deter the three, as they pressed on toward the crowd –confident and calm.

When they reached the edge of town, within a pike's length of the gathering, the cacophonous babbling that ruled the air was suddenly replace by a dead silence. The tension was thick and uncomfortable, as the crowd parted down the center to allow the travelers to pass. While some altogether avoided eye contact, there were others that stared aghast, as if offended, or in rapt horror at the sight half-orc. In spite of this, Sola walk through the throng with her conspicuous dignity intact. 

It was as if it was an all to common occurrence for her. She knew that her appearance made her the object of fear and ridicule, and she had spent most of her adult life having to win the trust of those she met before she was truly accepted. It was her burden to bear for now, but the she was confident that one day her heroic deeds would eclipse these prejudices, and her fame would precede her -earning her the respect of all she came across. She hoped that there would be a day that she would be greeted with smiles of gratitude rather than the reviled stares that were now cast her way.

All but one man stepped aside to let them pass. He stood at the far end of the crowd, and seemed to be somewhat of an authority figure. Dressed flamboyantly, he carried a horseman's saber on his hip, and wore a wide-brimmed hat adorned with a colorful plume. His clothing was just as colorful, with a deep green doublet that was cut high on his waist, a tight pair of burgundy trews, and black leather riding-boots that came up just above his knees. He certainly stood out amongst the farmers, artisans, and mongers of the village.

The trio halted when they reached him, and he greeted them, "Master Constable Gilford," he said, doffing his well-appointed cover into a sweeping bow that was both formal and dramatic, "at your service." He recovered from the courtesy, and continued, "I certainly hope you are here to attempt to collect on the bounty, and not cause any trouble for the good people of Belshire?"

Although his demeanor was polite, the last statement he made had a definite air of a stern warning.

"Yes, good constable, we are here to take up your quest, and slay this monster," Tyler announced, "and we were hoping for some warm hospitality before undertaking this task," he concluded as he shot an admonishing gaze over the gathering.

A broad grin came across the constables face, "Splendid!" He replied cheerfully, and said, "Then you shall have the hospitality of my home on this fine e'en." He then walked past the three to the center of the crowd, and in a loud voice, announced, "Good folk of Belshire, our heroes have arrived! Three cheers for our champions! Pip-pip..."

"Huzzah!" They returned, then twice more at this prompt, and the hostility that plagued the air was relieved. 

——‡―—

Lina gazed into the eyes of the minotaur. Its fiery stare was intense and forbidding, and it filled her with both excitement and dread.

No one would suspect that this seemingly sweet, young girl, with her golden hair, petite frame, and face of an angel, was the cause of the trouble that terrified the sleepy hamlet of Belshire.

She was the only child of a miller. Her mother had died giving birth to her, and her father never remarried. She was expected to find a nice local boy, wed him, and have him carry on her father's legacy, but this was not her plan –at all. She wanted excitement, adventure, but most of all, she desired power! And quite frankly, the sons of farmers, smiths, and merchants bored her, greatly. Lina wanted a real man, a dangerous man, and a killer. One that could slake the overwhelming lust that did abide within her, and she knew that one of those common boys would never do.

For the past year, Lina had been secretly practicing the Dark Arts –under the tutelage of an old crone that lived deep in the Winding Woods. The aged witch said that she possessed a natural talent, that would be a shame to waste, and soon the people of her village would grovel before her arcane power.

The minotaur was only the beginning. When they all learned that this monster was her doing, and that she had the power to truly protect them, that charlatan, Gilford, would be her servant. The young girl would be rewarded by the Empress Axania for this, and be given the title of First Baroness of Belshire. She would rule over her people, and not that foppish outsider.

The fantasies of her ambition fueled her desire as she reach down to caress the swelling member of the beast before her. Still fondling it, she knelt down and affixed her eyes upon the creatures ever-hardening rod that was growing into impossible proportions. The miller's daughter felt her tight, little honey-pot becoming wetter by the moment, as she observed the monster's reaction her touch. 

Its human-like cock was well over a foot long, and as thick as her wrist when it achieved full erection. 

The creature grunted and huffed as she began to teasingly flick her tongue across the underside of its burgeoning prick. It twitched and throbbed in her hand with every pass, and the fledgling sorceress felt her passions grow because of the sway that she held over this beast. Her magic summoned it; it was hers to command; it was hers to do with as she willed! And right now, it existed to satisfy her carnal cravings.

Lina took its tumescent appendage into her mouth –although it would barely fit. She stroked the shaft with both hands, as she suckled its head, and tasted the first drops of pre-cum wash over her tongue. She increased the intensity of her workings –stroking faster, sucking harder- as to beckon more of the salty liquid from the monster, and reveled in this lecherous act. 

The young girl could wait no longer, and removed herself to get on all fours. She then issued her command, "Pick me up, my pet, so we may pleasure each other."

The minotaur obeyed, and grabbed her by her hips –lifting her off the ground into a standing sixty-nine position. It wrapped it powerful arms about her tiny waist, and pulled her close to its broad chest. She lifted its gigantic cock to her mouth as she felt the monster's thick bovine tongue drag over her sopping slit.

Powerful, salacious sensations coursed recklessly through her as the beast continued to work her twat with lascivious vigor. It was only a few minutes before the first tingles of climax came upon her. They built up slowly, in small waves, but it did not take long for them to grow into torrential swells of passionate release. It pulsated violently, as she was seized with ecstatic spasms, and had to stop sucking the creature's immense pole to wail out the apex of her prurient satisfaction. The sound reverberated off the earthen walls of the chamber, but she had no fear of being heard –as her lair was deep in the forest.

When her first orgasm had released its hold on her, she ordered the monster to put her down.

It turned her over and rested her, supine, upon a table –where she spread her legs wide as to invite the beast into her. 

Lina took hold of its huge prick, and placed it at the opening of her tight little box. She gasped as it pressed firmly against her, and began to open her taut fuck-hole. It was so big! It was stretching her beyond her limits! She reeled in the lewd and unnatural act of copulating with this creature. She felt like a wanton trollop –whose libido knew no bounds. 

The slickness of her juices mingling with the monster's saliva allowed its over-sized member to push deeper inside her. She moaned at the painful pleasure as it continued to penetrate her –violate her. She was only able to take a little more than half of its length before the minotaur's colossal knob jammed against her cervix. She yelped at this, and reached down to fervently rub her swollen clit as it started to pump at her little cunt.

Her calls rose and fell with every thrust of the beast, Although the creature started out slowly, it began to quicken its pace as the tight grip of her hungry pussy began to accommodate the thick girth of its enormous rod. The monster then placed a massive hand on her tummy, as to hold her in place while it began to mercilessly fuck her.

The miller's daughter began to cry out, as once again, a powerful orgasm had crashed into her. This one came on quickly, and more powerful, than the one before. It seem as if a total oblivion of carnal bliss would overtake her, and never let her go. 

"Argh! Argh! Argh!" She called out, as it ferociously worked her wanton gash, and just when she thought that it was going end, the monster lifted her from the table, suspending her high in the air, and began to bring her up and down on his gargantuan cock. Her climax started anew, arresting her petite body, and refused to let it go. 

Lina heard the minotaur begin to bleat and bray, and she knew he would cum very soon.

"Set me down!" She screamed. The little sorceress had to have its cum!

The creature did as it was told, and as soon as she felt her feet touch the ground, she dropped to her knees, and started in sucking and stroking. She felt its loins twitch and throb as the first salty spray of jism shot into her mouth –filling it immediately. The miller's daughter swallowed as much as she could, but the second rocketed forth in great quantity. She gagged as she removed her mouth from its swollen prick. The beast's sticky seed spilled down her chin, coating her small perky breasts, and then dribbled down her flat stomach. The monster continued to call out as a third powerful jet of white liquid covered her face –getting into her hair, and cascading down her already messy chest and abdomen.

She responded by locking her mouth back onto the beast's spraying rod, and attempting to gulp down its fourth and final wave of semen –which also dripped from around the seal of her lips.

The minotaur collapsed to the floor when it was done cumming, and Lina sat there, covered in the monster's cum, rubbing it into her skin, licking it from her hands, and wanting more!

——‡―—

Tyler, Luva, and Sola sat around Gilford's table, feasting on the generous banquet before them. The constable had employed the services of Balfor –the proprietor of the local public house- much to the barman's chagrin. He was a notoriously thrifty man, and did not appreciate having to give his services and goods without an advantageous exchange of coin. Because of his reputation, Gilford loved vexing the man, and secretly took malicious glee in ingratiating the penny-pinching businessman into doing so.

The three found out that he had, indeed, been a cavalryman in the King's army –a captain of his own light-horse company. He served in the War of the Crown against the orc-hoards of Axania. After the King's untimely death, Axania, as his wife, claimed the throne; and in doing so, sparked a war with those loyal to the rightful heir. Although the loyalists lost, and the King's son was now in exile, none had lost hope that someday the bitch-sorceress would be overthrown. 

As a commander of light cavalry, his mission was to sweep up the last pockets of resistance on the battlefield; but since the self-proclaimed empress' forces rarely lost a pitch-battle, his company would seldom see any action. Realizing that defeating her in a stand-up fight was next to impossible, he came up with an idea that nearly turned the tide of the war:

He ended up breaking his command off from the main army, and dividing it into three squadrons. The first would scout enemy encampments, depots, and supply lines; the second would harass them with hit and run tactics, as to gather intelligence on strength and capabilities; and then, the third would perform a decisive raid on the position. This strategy was effective in undermining her army's ability to wage war against them, but it was too little –too late.

After the war, his heart was crushed, and he ended up wandering about aimlessly, and drowning his sorrows in wines, ales, and spirits. However, he had come across Belshire about two years ago, and was hired by the town to rid them of a band of orcs that were raiding the village and surrounding area. He put to use what he devised in the war by scouting their encampment, and gathering information about them, then put together a band of volunteers, and mounting a surprise attack –slaughtering the lot of them. 

Soon after this, he was duly elected to the offices of Con-stable and Magistrate of Belshire. His pay was two-percent of the local gross product in goods and coin –so the better he takes care of the community; the better the community takes care of him. It was an equitable agreement for both sides, and Gilford had truly found a purpose in life, as well as a home.

When the good constable was asked why he had no wife, he laughed. He was a confirmed bachelor with absolutely no interest in matrimony –but that was not to say that he had not seen any amorous action since his arrival. There were two widows in which he was currently involved. 

The first was the widow of a carpenter that he hired to take care of his cottage. She needed the money as her young son, of barely thirteen winters, lacked the experience in his father's legacy to bring in the money they needed. What he did not know about was the woman's voracious appetites, but he soon found out.

The second was the widow of a merchant that owned the only import/export business in town. Her deceased husband's fore-man had taken over running the business for her, in exchange for an equitable share of the profits, so when she was not shopping, she sat around her home filling her time with... whatever. Gilford had been making his rounds on one such a day, and she invited him in for a cup of tea. One thing led to another, and now he makes the periodic -and extended- visits to her home.

Every once and a while, a farmer or merchant would show up on his doorstep, daughter and dowry in hand. He would always politely refuse, and turn them away. But it wasn't until recently, that he allowed himself to be seduced -by the insistent, young daughter of the miller- that things got kind of dicey. She had assured him that she only wanted for him to bed her, but had started talking of mar-riage right after their encounter. When he gently reminded the girl of her words, she lost her composure, started to throw and break things about his cottage, and slammed the door as she flew out in a rage.

This was about five days ago, and she went missing the next day. While the villager's blamed the minotaur for her disappearance, he could not help but think that she had run away because of him. There was no way he could share this with his neighbors, so he play-ed along, with the local sentiment, and offered up the bounty for the monster from his own savings. 

After their stomachs' were full, and the table was cleared, Gilford brought out all of the maps and notes he had made since the creature's first appearance a fortnight ago. 

"Judging by where the monster has been sighted, and where he strikes, I have surmised that his lair us somewhere in the Winding Woods –to our northwest." he stated. "This is why I seriously doubt that he snatched Lina. It does not fit with the pattern.

"I suggest you take these maps with you. I have also made a set of instructions to guide you into the general area of the forest where I think his lair may be." with that, they all decided to retire for the evening, and get some most needed rest. The next day would be long and arduous. The hunt itself would be mind-numbing; it would be the discovering that would be the exciting part –perhaps too exciting.