 "Stop right where you are you Cum-Guzzling Super-Slut!"

K-Leigh stormed through the warehouse doors, dildos blazing. The super-heroine was wearing the trademark flame-red mask that would protect her identity and the extra-long cape that matched. Today she had chosen to cover her shaved pussy with the smallest white g-string she had, the matching bikini that barely restrained her oversized globes featured small red K's that marked the location of her nipples.

All activity in the super-villain lab stopped and a woman dressed in a black leather corset, matching garters and stockings whirred around, her aristocratic features crumbling into a wicked scowl as her red hair began to sizzle. She had wicked red curls that tumbled over her shoulders and matched the electric spark of her bush. The woman reached for her whip and cackled, the sound shooting through the air like lightening as she glared at her arch-enemy, "Says who? You? You good for nothing Cock-Juggling Thunder-Cunt!"

K-Leigh launched a barrage of dildo-cum-blasts from her vibrating weapons, hurling insults as she crossed the brushed-concrete floor to her opponent. Lady Lectra darted the cum-blasts with ease, her sinful smile never leaving her face as the super-heroine walked straight into her trap.

K-Leigh halted not ten feet in front of her enemy, twirling the dildos expertly in her hands as she cocked a grin at the evil seductress, "Your sexual fantasy days are over Lectra. I have come to stop you from filling the world with sex-crazed ogres and horny hoes!"

Lady Lectra flicked her wicked whip, sparks of electricity dancing off the tip as she smiled, blood-red tongue darting out between perfect teeth, "You think I would let you into my secret evil lab if I didn't want you here K-Leigh? You've walked into a trap you foolish slut!"

Sirens blared and Lectra swung her weapon, electricity arcing off the tip like lightening as the super-sexy-villain's minions stormed the super-heroine. Her sizzling cackle could be heard among the sounds of endless cum-blasts and dildo-smacks, the latex-clad minions falling by the dozen under the capable defense of K-Leigh. The petite woman whirled around to find yet more minions coming for her, but before she could release yet another barrage of unrelenting hero-cum, a shock tingled down her back.

Lectra's whip was attached to the super-heroine by vile barbs, the electricity stunning the blonde-haired beauty into releasing her rubber weapons as her body convulsed and confusion crossed her face. Lectra waited until her minions had successfully restrained the trembling woman before swishing the whip away and approaching her foe.

K-Leigh jerked against the restraining hands of many minions, snarling as the evil seductress approached, her red curls seeming to mimic electric currents as they sizzled with the woman's excitement. Lady Lectra curled her painted claws under the struggling heroine's chin, raising her head so that the clear, blue eyes of good met the sinister dark ones of evil.

K-Leigh's voice was firm and betrayed none of her inner terror, "I will never cum for you Lady Lectra! You will never win!"

Lectra raised one perfectly manicured eyebrow, smirking as she looked over the head of the young Super-heroine and saw that the restraints were properly set up. She grabbed the woman's pony-tail and yanked her to her feet, dragging her toward the giant metal X that had been constructed just for her.

She threw the woman, whose blue eyes were wide when she saw the assortment of sex toys placed on the table near the X, toward the masterpiece of engineering. "No? Oh K-Leigh, by the time I'm done with you you'll be begging me to let you cum!"

K-Leigh fought against the latex-covered hands that tugged at her, trying to pull away from them even as they latched restraints onto her arms and legs, effectively pinning her to the cold metal X that would permit every inch of her body to be violated. "You can't do this Lectra! You won't get away with this!"

Lectra stepped over to the table and fondled a pair of vibrating eggs, rolling the smooth metal toys around in her palm like a pair of balls as she licked her ruby-red lips, "Oh, but I will. You see K-Leigh; you weren't given the location of this lab by accident."

The minions finished lashing the super-heroine to the X, completing the job with a Velcro belt around her stomach. Completely immobilized, K-Leigh simply glared at her captor, mentally preparing herself for what she knew was going to be a long, stimulating session of erotic torture. She swore to herself that Lectra would face the wrath of her firing dildos when she got out of this mess.

Lectra cradled the eggs in her hand as she approached her victim, her dark eyes glowing with sensual power as she ran a hand down the smooth, toned body of her arch-rival. Looking into the woman's eyes as she trailed her fingers down toward her barely concealed pussy, she smiled, "Have you ever had a vibrator in your ass before K-Leigh?"

The super-heroine trembled, her mind instantly imagining the feeling of vibrations as they passed through the extra-sensitive flesh of her anal passage. She narrowed her eyes, refusing to dignify her abuser with a response. She felt Lectra's talon-tipped fingers dip beneath her g-string, the pad of one of them gliding over her sensitive bud on its way to her snatch. K-Leigh had to bite back a moan as her enemy's finger slid easily into her vagina, its path lubed by her own juices.

Lady Lectra smiled then, slowly pumping her finger in and out of the wet center of her rival, "Oh, K-Leigh... I always imagined you'd be harder to win over... tut tut."

Slipping her fingers out of the slippery passage, Lectra quickly replaced them with both of the eggs, slipping one metallic vibrator then the other into her enemy and pushing them deeper with her fingers. Lectra left the controllers dangling out of her pussy crudely. The large bikini-covered globes in front of Lectra's face began to sway just a little as K-Leigh's excitement grew. The super-sexy-villain rubbed the ripe bud of K-Leigh's sex with one finger, pulling the lower egg out of her vagina with slow purpose. The woman's pussy quivered as the egg fought against its clutching muscles, evacuating her snatch with an audible 'plop' before Lectra placed it at K-Leigh's rear passage.

K-Leigh shuddered; forcing herself to relax as Lady Lectra firmly pushed the metallic egg, now moist from her own natural lubricant, into her ass. The feeling of her sphincter stretching to accommodate the 1 ½ inch girth was extraordinary - painful and delightful at the same time. The Super-Heroine's face reddened beautifully as the widest part of the egg passed her sphincter and her ass literally sucked the egg into its depths. 

Lectra smiled, standing back to observe the beautiful creature before her for a moment. She nodded to one of the three minions who was standing behind the X, and the anonymous being reached its latex-covered hands forward and flipped both of the eggs on high. 

"Ahhhhh....." K-Leigh arched her back, tugging against the restraints as the first waves of pleasure washed through her. 

She wasn't ready to orgasm just yet, but the vibrations in her pussy and ass were forcing her muscles to clench and spasm in gluttonous joy. Calling upon her super-reserves of strength she inhaled deeply and stilled her quivering body, separating her mind from the pleasure her body was enduring. They had taught her that, the other super-heroes and heroines, taught her to shut her mind off from physical pleasure so that she wouldn't achieve orgasm. The female orgasm is, after all, 90% mental.

Lady Lectra saw her shut down and picked up the first of the many tools she planned to use on the super-heroine -- a miniature cattle prod. 

Lectra's minions had been hard at work on a number of versatile Electro-sex products over the past year, and they were about ready to launch them on the world. All they needed was a test subject...

Zzzzappp! K-Leigh was jerked out of her trance by the sharp sting of electricity on her inner thigh; she opened her eyes wide and watched with horror as Lectra directed the miniature cattle prod to her other thigh, zapping her smooth, tanned skin just above the sensitive inside of her knee. 

Lectra's voice tugged at her consciousness, "Come back to earth, little one. I'm not ready for you to get lost in headspace just yet..."

K-Leigh shook her head, refusing to give in to the incessant vibrations in her loins. She tried her hardest to melt away, mentally of course, but every time she got close to separating her mind from her body Lectra would zap a new piece of flesh, startling her out of concentration as the currents provided both pain and pleasure.

When she was satisfied that the cattle prod worked, Lectra headed back to her table, choosing another toy to use on her victim. K-Leigh felt plastic hands tugging at her bikini and gasped as the cold air hit her naked breasts, instantly causing her nipples to harden.

Lectra smiled at the woman, moving forward to grab her luscious tits with one hand, "After I put these nipple clamps on you, we're going to see how much electricity these titties can handle. Then I think we'll borrow your Dildos..." 

K-Leigh's eyes grew wide; her dildo-guns were loaded with the most potent hero-cum available. Her partner, Mega Lance, had donated the ammunition for K-Leigh's attack on Lectra, and his semen was guaranteed to make a woman orgasm, over and over again.

The sharp little teeth of the first clamp bit into the tender bud of K-Leigh's right tit, drawing a small cry from the woman as Lectra cruelly tugged and twisted it. Satisfied that the clamp was secure, Lectra moved on to the second breast, scraping the biting teeth of the clamp over the soft flesh around the nipple to further heighten its arousal. 

Lectra attached the second clamp with less aplomb, tugging the lead wires that dangled from each clamp before plugging them into the power box. She fingered the dial slowly, running her free hand down her own body to her sparking loins. As she plunged her fingers into the red curls, searching for her own pleasure center, she rolled the controls up to 2.

K-Leigh's breasts tingled, the shock wasn't quite as severe as the one Lady Lectra's whip delivered, but on her sensitive buds the electricity felt like needles and tongues all at once. The erotic sense of pain and pleasure blending had her stomach spasming in response. K-Leigh fixed her eyes on her torturer.

Lectra's fingers were plunging in and out of her snatch, glistening with her wetness as she fingered the dials and imagined exactly how her victim would respond to twice the amount of power. Quickly she torqued the controls, ratcheting the amps up to double the original stimulating value. K-Leigh's eyes rolled back into her head, her chest arching up and out, the Velcro belt biting into her stomach as the painful pleasure intensified.

It was too much. K-Leigh's head was thrown back, her teeth biting into her lip, ready to draw blood as the electric shock travelled straight through her body. Her nipples were tingling, burning, aching to be touched by something more tangible. Her pussy and ass clenched at the vibrators, her tender flesh became over-sensitive as she neared her peak. She closed her eyes, arching her back in an unconscious attempt to avoid the ceaseless flow of energy into her body. 

Lady Lectra was busy frigging her own cunt, her dark eyes glistening as she watched the pain turn to torturous pleasure in an instant. K-Leigh's thighs began to tremble, her body tightening on the brink of a powerful orgasm, and Lectra nodded to her minions.

The eggs and clamps were yanked off her body so fast K-Leigh cried out for them. The sudden absence of stimulation was a complete let-down and her body shuddered on the edge of what might have been the most powerful orgasm she'd ever suffered. Her blue eyes flashed open, pleading with Lady Lectra as the villain frigged herself to the end, cumming in impassioned cries that were over-exaggerated for her frustrated audience. The Super-Heroine watched with pain-filled eyes as her enemy exploded over her own hand, enjoying the pleasure she had just denied her captive.

Lectra sagged back against the toy table, her own muscles clenching at her fingers in the aftermath as she took in the sight of her deprived victim. 

K-Leigh's mouth was open and rounded, ready to beg her for orgasm, but the Heroine's eyes were still bright. Her mind as yet unclouded by the pleasure so that her pleas for release remained unspoken. 

"Are you ready to give in my little hero?"

K-Leigh glared at her captor, her beautiful face marred by a scowl as she fought against her body, "I told you Lectra, I will never cum for you. I will never beg to cum for you. I will never give in."

The red-head nodded to a few of the minions in her horde, cracking the beginnings of a smile as they came forward with a new invention. K-Leigh's eyes followed her gaze, horror filling them as she realized exactly what Lady Lectra had in store for her.

The Minions were carrying a strap-on rig. Made out of black-leather with a satin lining to prevent chafing, the crown jewel of the device was the brilliantly blue dildo standing up proud and tall in the center. Lectra smiled and stood up, permitting her minions to strap the contraption onto her as she smiled at her prisoner.

"Do you recognize this K-Leigh? You should, you brought it with you."

K-Leigh gulped, her body responding to the sight of the ten-inch rubber dick with a tingle of excitement. Mentally, she was terrified! Her dildo guns were weapons of mass-pleasure, guaranteed to cause pain and ecstasy simultaneously. Guaranteed to make the person on the wrong end of them beg for orgasm. 

As her vixen enemy tightened the straps on her new-made contraption, K-Leigh opened her mouth to beg. For it, or to not have it... she wasn't sure. "Please...."

Lectra admired the device strapped to her groin, stroking the smooth rubber length with a hand as she strolled seductively toward her quarry. She rubbed the blue tip along K-Leigh's slit, moisture glistening on the rubber as she spread her own legs and prepared for entry. K-Leigh's stomach muscles were quivering in anticipation of the dildo, her blue eyes -- the exact same color as the dildo- glued to Lectra's fiery red crotch and the organ springing from it.

With one solid thrust, Lectra penetrated the Super-heroine to the hilt. The cold rubber parting the hot, wet folds of K-Leigh's pussy with intense friction and speed; bringing an outraged cry that quickly turned to moan to the lips of the woman. Lectra pumped fast and hard, her eyes glued to her slave's face as she rocked the woman's body with the thick weapon. 

Something was wrong. K-Leigh knew it the moment her loins were pierced by her dildo gun. Those weapons were meant to bring immediate, overwhelming orgasm and she sure as hell wasn't orgasming. Instead, her body ached with incomplete pleasure. She was balancing on that precarious cliff right before orgasm, her mind and body being driven mad with want for release, but she was unable to get past that point. She couldn't orgasm. 

Her blue eyes flew wide to look down into the face of her smiling enemy. K-Leigh groaned as the dildo scraped her G-Spot, desire zinging through her as she fought against the overwhelming desire to beg for release. Lectra was smiling, her painted nails digging into the luscious tits of her arch-rival as she thrust her hips. Seeing realization and need cross her enemy's face she laughed.

"Yes. I had it altered while we played. You see K-Leigh, I want you to beg for release. Beg me for an orgasm. And I know you will."

K-Leigh shook her head, sagging against her bonds as the endless pounding continued. She lost count of the amount of times she opened her mouth to beg, only to bite her tongue and moan instead. Her body was ready to give in, the endorphins telling her that she needed release. She wasn't ready to give in though. She couldn't.

Lectra nodded to one of the minions behind the X-frame. Her eyes glinting with sexual fever as the second of K-Leigh's dildo guns was brought forth, shimmering with lube. Her mouth curved up in an evil smile, her victim completely unaware of the imminent danger her bum was in. Lectra nodded once more and the minions began to thrust the device into the small back-passage of the Super Heroine.

K-Leigh cried out against the oversized intrusion. The minions were relentless and the moist blue tip of the dildo stretched her anal ring painfully, the dildos progression into her ass endless as Lectra pumped in and out of her pussy. K-Leigh was stretched beyond belief, twenty solid inches of orgasm-denying rubber penetrating her ass and pussy in rapid rhythm. It took the super-heroine a couple of moments to realize that the dildo in her ass had not been altered. It was still rigged to cause massive, overwhelming orgasm.

The competing forces of the orgasm-causing compounds and the orgasm-denying compounds wracked K-Leigh's body with endless pleasure, forcing her to the painful brink of orgasm and keeping her there -poised and ready to burst, yet completely unable to.

Lectra was overwhelmed with the sensations of having her arch-enemy literally speared upon her own weapon. K-Leigh had foiled too many of her sexual fantasies, and now she was participating in the completion of one. Riding on the edge of her own orgasm, Lectra was too preoccupied with the sensations to hear the wailing sirens that had started ringing throughout her lab. She watched the sweet pink lips of the super-heroine part and round; the first sounds of a plea exit that sensual mouth.

K-Leigh's mind went blank. Her mouth rounded to plead for orgasm, the super-heroine overcome with the need to cum. Before she could beg the dildos evacuated her holes and the deep, solid voice of her partner broke through her sexual reverie.

Lectra was yanked away from her prisoner by an angry force. Whirling around, the unarmed super-villain came face to cock with K-Leigh's brawny partner, Mega Lance. Within seconds, the voluptuous redhead was bound in the super-strong lasso of the hero, her minions flattened by volumes of hero-cum, convulsing in painful orgasms that rendered them incapable of fighting back.

K-Leigh's beautiful blue eyes fluttered open, her body still quivering with arousal. Mega Lance's handsome jaw swam in her vision, concern evident in his chestnut eyes as he caressed his partner's face. 

"K-Leigh, K-Leigh baby... honey, can you stand?"

K-Leigh's eyes slid down her partner's toned body, the lycra suit that he wore molding perfectly to every muscle on his bulging body. It also molded perfectly to his long, thick cock, which stood straight out from his pelvis in an erotic display of masculinity. 

The sight of her partner's super-lance had K-Leigh writhing against her bonds, her eyes locking with his as the words she was about to say to Lectra ripped out of her throat in desperation."Fuck me!"

Mega Lance stepped back, his cock bouncing a little as he looked at his depraved partner, his deep voice boomed around her mind, "K-Leigh..."

K-Leigh pulled at her bonds, her eyes bright and clear as she spread her legs as far apart as her bonds would let her, "Fuck me Mega Lance. I need to cum."

Mega Lance took about half-a-second to think about it before he stepped forward and rammed his thick meat, lycra-covered and all, straight into the dripping slit of his partner. Her soft, moist folds enveloped him and both of them groaned as his shaft penetrated her deeper than she'd ever been penetrated.

Mega Lance's rhythm was fast and hard, he'd always imagined what it would be like to have his lovely partner's pussy encase his super-hard rod. The feeling was like nothing he'd ever experienced. Tight, she was very tight, and the moment he entered her she'd begun to orgasm around him, her velvet flesh spasming around his too-large cock as she cried out, her fingers curling in thin air, making the motions of scraping down his back in super-orgasmic pleasure.
