 Chapter 2: The Winding Woods

After having a morning meal with the constable, and going over some final details, the three headed northwest out of Belshire --in the direction of the Winding Woods.

They follow the instructions on the map, and by noontime, they had made it to the head of the hunting trail on the edge of the forest. After a brief respite and a snack, the trio pressed onward. The farther they went into the Winding Woods, the more dense the trees and foliage became, and this slowed their progress. Their ears filled with the songs of the teaming wildlife, which was a welcome sound, because each one of them knew that a sudden quiet in the wilderness always preceded danger. The plan was to seek out the monster and take it by surprise. In other words, to be the hunter, and not the prey. But things rarely went according to plan in such matters, so they all were on high alert, hyper vigilant, and completely aware of their surroundings.

Tyler was reminded of all those flicks he had watched about the Vietnam War. Images of the squad out on patrol; the soldier on point -creeping through the jungle in grubby fatigues, with the ace of spades slipped into a helmet- watching out for "Charlie." He snickered at the metaphor running through his minds eye, and immediate-ly caught a frustrated stare from Luva.

"What is it?" She asked.

"Nothin' really," he responded casually. 

"Well, pay attention," she shot back, in an admonishing tone, "Your daydreaming could get us killed!"

He returned a plaintive glance, and brought his thoughts back to the here and now. All was forgiven, and they continued on -deeper into the forbidding forest.

The shadows had started to grow long when they made it to the moss covered boulder -that resembled the face of an old man- Gilford noted on his map. Still following the instructions, they headed northeast off the trail to a southeast flowing stream, and decided to make camp there for the night.

Finding a soft spot of level ground for a campsite, they trampled down the deep grass, and dug a pit for a fire. After gather-ing stones to border the pit, and wood to fuel the flame, they laid out there bedrolls, and sat down to have something to eat. It was then that the dreaded silence they had feared was upon them, and the next noise that they did hear was a rustling in the bushes -not more than ten yards away. They were no longer the hunters.

In a flash, they were to their feet with weapons in hand. Tyler held his sword on the ready, Sola was brandishing her large flanged mace, and Luva had nocked an arrow in her bow. The three stood there in silence, and focused their attention on the source of the noise, but saw nothing at first.

They were just about ready to sit back down when they caught their first glimpse of the minotaur. It was giant, with the broad muscular upper body of a man, and the hind legs and head of a bull.

Luva did not wait. She deftly drew back the arrow to her cheek, and loosed it directly at the creature's heart; but just before it struck home, it deflected off of an unseen force. The trio could not believe what they saw. The elf-maid's shot should have at least mortally wounded the monster --if not outright killing it.

The failing light that crept through the branches reflected off the wickedly sharp horns of the beast as it moved toward them with predatory grace. Then something quite unexpected happened. From behind the minotaur, stepped a young girl that was clad in the vestments of a dark sorceress. She was beautiful, and petite with flow-ing, flaxen blond hair that fell far past her shoulders. A long black linen loincloth hung low on her hips, showing off her thin yet shapely legs. She also wore a small, black bikini top, of the same color and material, that barely covered her small pert tits --which left her taut creamy white midriff exposed. Although tiny compared to her seven-foot companion, she was very alluring, and dangerously sexy.

She held up her hand, and the creature halted its advance.

"Well, my pet, it appears we have company on this fine e'en." her tone was most malicious, but she continued in a more reflective voice, "I had wondered how long it would take that foppish dandy, Gilford, to find a band of fools to rescue the damsel, and slay the beast." the end of her statement dripped with sarcasm. "It took less time than I expected."

It did not take long for them to realize that this was the miller's daughter, Lina, and that she was no victim. It also occurred to them that she was not about to let them leave the Winding Woods alive! 

Tyler moved closer to Sola, and took a defensive posture, as the half-orc did the same. Luva drew another arrow from her quiver, and square her stance to target the sorceress; but this was all for nothing, as Lina simply passed her hand through the air in front of them, and said, "Sleep..."

The word echoed in their ears as if it were spoken in a vast empty hall --as if they heard it on some ethereal plane of existence, and then all went black.

——‡―—

Axania found she was pacing the floor -again.

It was not so much that Tyler was that special to her; it was quite the opposite. How could such a lowly insect of a man elude her so successfully? He was a piss-ant! It was the principle of it: How could she maintain her dignity and authority if he was off gallivanting about her realm? This made her appear weak, and this she would not abide!

The empress flopped down upon her throne, frustrated and anxious. Just then, her captain entered.

He began to make the formal approach to the dais, but her lack of patients got the best of her, "Never mind that nonsense. What news?"

"It appears your instincts serve you well, Majesty," he reported, "One of your apprentices has captured a trio of adventurers. Among them is a man that she found an odd little pouch on --containing strange cards and papers. One of these card had a portrait of the man, and it made me think of those 'aye-dee' things you told me of."

"That is him!" She exclaimed, and a wicked smile crept across her face, "Who was it that found him?"

"Lina of Windingwood, Majesty," the orc replied. 

"Ah, yes, that wanton, little tart." she recalled. "That one shows promise. Remind us to reward her accordingly, captain."

"Yes, Majesty."

There was an extended pause, while the dark sorceress pondered her options, and Grohl waited for his next set of commands.

"Captain, send the young sorceress a message to hold them, and do them no harm; and dispatch a Slaver Company to retrieve them --immediately!"

"Excellent, Majesty," he replied, "It will be done."

He started to back away with the formal retire, and she waved her hand as to tell him to dispense with the etiquette, and said, "Just go, captain..."

He obediently turned on his heal, and rushed out of the throne room.

Finally! The empress thought to herself, it took them long enough, but We shall finally have Our toy.

That sinister grin made its way back to her face --she could, once again, relax. 

——‡——

Luva was the first to awake. Being of a race brought forth from the arcane, she was more resistant to the effects of magic, but was in no way immune. 

When her eyes cleared, she gazed about at her surroundings.

The familiar orange glow of an oil lamp illuminated a small cave-like chamber. She noticed that some attempt had been made to make the room livable. The floors were covered with a thick layer of straw, and a simple wooden table and chair sat along side a chest in the corner.

As she got to her feet to further investigate, she noticed that all three of them had been completely stripped of their equipment, weapons, armor, and clothing. Although captured, they had not been bound --just left helpless and nude, and at the mercy of a fate only the gods could divine.

She saw no sign of their captor, but could hear the minotaur breathing somewhere down the dark passage, that was the only way out of the room. The elf-maid figured there was no reason to tie them up with the hulking beast blocking the exit.

She walked over to the chest, and opened it --empty.

Even though she had no weapons or armor, she had her magic. All of the fae races had it; it was something she was born with, and could not be taken away. Humans called it "Glamour," as it was the mastery of illusion. She could create sounds, odors, blinding light, pitch-black darkness, and images --all with the power of her mind. Pixies, brownies, faeries, dryads, sylkies, sprites, and elves all shared this power. They could also communicate without speaking, and if the concentrated hard enough, they could do this over great distances. Somehow, this ability had been lost on their corrupt goblin, ogre, and orc cousins, but that, she guessed, was for the best. It was only the trolls that had retained this power, but in a very dark, and insidious, form.

Tyler and Sola began rousing from their magic slumber, and Luva rushed to their side. As soon as the fog of sleep started to clear from their heads, the elf broached to subject of planning their escape. But as if the timing could not be worse, Lina strode into the chamber, carrying a smoldering urn. A sweet smelling smoke billowed from the brass container as she set it on the table.

"Oh, I see our guests are up and about," the young sorceress said, in a most obsequious and demeaning manner, "and none too soon, I might add."

"Why did you not kill us when you had the chance?" Luva demanded.

"Come, come, come, little elf," she had not lost the condescending tone, "now that would not be any fun, would it?" Their captor ended what she said by poking her lower lip out in an overly dramatic pout.

This infuriated the elf-maid to no end. But as suddenly as the feeling came on, it started to melt away as she felt her whole body begin to tingle with sensual desire. It was the incense; it was some kind of aphrodisiac, and it was flooding the subterranean chamber with its intoxicating fumes. There was no escaping it -the more they inhaled, the more their modesty and inhibitions melted away.

Tyler watched his captor begin to remove her skimpy black clothing, and his mind filled with images of himself lustily violating every hole that little bitch had. Seeing his longing gaze, Lina perch-ed herself on the table, and opened her legs wide to expose her bald little pussy. She teasingly licked and sucked at the first two fingers of her left hand, and when they were good and wet, she let them wander down to her awaiting slit. He watcher her use those fingers to open her cunt lips, and expose the pink flesh within. And in the glow if the lamp light, he noticed the glistening of clear liquid that seeped from her hungry, little fuck-hole. This drove Tyler to the edge of his sanity --he had to taste it!

The outlander's cock throbbed as he moved toward the young girl. The thought of her silky smooth snatch, and the flavor of her juices on his tongue pushed him to her. And when he made it, he fell to his knees, burying face in her crotch, and ravenously lapping at her salty-sweet box.

The miller's daughter moaned loudly at the sudden assault on her loins, and reveled in the sensation. She grabbed the sides of his head --pushing his mouth even harder against her soaking honey-pot, and he responded with voracity. 

The fae libido is powerful to begin with, and when exacerbated by an aphrodisiac, it is nearly uncontrollable. Consequently, Luva latched on to the she-orc's nipple, and started to nibble and suck as if she would starve without it. She held the rock-hard nub between her teeth, and flicked across it with her oral appendage. Sola moaned as she engulfed the little elf with her strong arms --pulling her closer. 

Both of them began to squirm, pressing against one another. As warm, silken skin touched and brushed, they sank to the floor, and rested themselves on the thick layer of straw. Their bodies inter-twined, as they explored with fingers and tongues, and the duet of their voices rang out softly in a salacious chorus of whimpers and purrs. 

The half-orc's fingers found the tender folds of Luva's already sopping twat, and opened them to seek out her swollen clit. Powerful digits rubbed the elf-maid's engorged button, and she drew in a sharp breath at the she-orc's fondling. Returning the favor, two elven fingers plunged into her love-tunnel, as a small elven palm massaged her mound.

Tyler held the young sorceress' legs wide apart, and greedily licked at her tiny gash, as she felt the first twinges of her impending climax. It could not come on fast enough for her, as she planned to have many this night. At first it churned slowly within her, but suddenly it burned across her small frame like smoldering embers igniting a wildfire. Her body tensed as she tightened her grip on the outlander's head, and shoved his face viciously into her sodden cunt. He responded by releasing his grip on her legs only to wrap an arm around each of her thighs, in a vain attempt to draw her soaking gash closer.

His lecherous reaction to her cruelty intensified her orgasm, and she began to cry out loudly, "Aaaahhhh! Eat it!" The miller's daughter demanded, "Eat it, you dirty bastard!"

By this time, Sola was laying on her back, with Luva straddling her face. The elf-maid instinctively was grinding her hips against the she-orc's lashing, while she too sucked and nibbled at the engorged clit of her companion. The muffled sounds of their voices mingled with the wet smacking noises of their oral inclinations, as they feverishly worked each others' pussies.

It was the little elf that started to cum first. The orcess heard her ecstatic calls, and started to suck wildly on her dewy snatch. Orgasmic spasms seized her body, and she cried out loudly; yet she did not stop eating Sola's delectable honey-pot, as she lapped and suckled through the licentious rush. 

Feeling the little elf squirming in rapturous pleasure atop her, and hearing her stifled calls -combined with the total refusal of the sylvan lass to suspend her prurient endeavors, sent her reeling into a frenzied climax of her own. It overtook every nerve in her voluptuous frame, as she too began to moan and howl at her impassioned bliss.

After Lina's orgasm had subsided, she commanded the lusty outlander, "Now, stand up, and stick your cock in my cunny!"

Tyler responded without delay. He pointed his burgeoning rod at her dripping twat, and ran the tip of it up and down her slit before pushing forcefully plunging it into her slick fuck-hole. Her small frame did not betray what one would imagine about how tight the fledgling sorceress might be, for it engulfed his throbbing cock with a vice-like grip. It took some effort to drive the full length of his shaft into her snug little hole, but her was soon stabbing at her wanton snatch with wild abandon -as she moaned and yelped with every lecherous thrust. 

The other two had just broken apart when the minotaur entered the room. They saw the monster, but they also saw the gargantuan pole that hung half erect between it legs, and beckon the beast to them. It strode over to them with the same predatory grace they had seen before. They knelt before the creature's enormous rod, and Sola was the first to reach out for it -taking it in her hand, stroking it. Luva watched it begin to grow, as she fondled the mammoth orbs below it. When it was fully erect, the overall length and girth drove the orcess mad with lust; so she opened her mouth wide, and took as much of it in as she could.

The young girl's pet huffed and snorted as the she-orc licked and suckled at its massive member, and it let out a long exhale when it felt the tiny elven tongue drag along its balls. 

The elf-maid gingerly worked the minotaur's huge testicles, while she listened to her partner slurp on the monstrous cock with a lascivious hunger. She started to suck on them, and when she had drawn one of them all the way into her mouth, the creature brayed loudly, and bucked its hips.

Sola was greedily stuffing as much of its titanic prick into her mouth as possible, but after she heard the beast call out, she felt its bulbous fuck-knob pummel the back of her throat. She wanted to take it down, but it was just too big; so she ended up gagging on it, and quickly removed herself from it as to catch her breath. After a few coughs, she announced, "By the gods, I want to fuck this thing!"

The orcess repositioned on all fours, and looked back at the monster enticingly. It did not take long for it to catch on, as it knelt behind her, and pointed its throbbing cock at her awaiting gash.

Luva stood transfixed on the spectacle. She watched it take its humongous pole with one hand, and grasp one the of the she-orc's ass cheeks with the other. It used its large thumb to open the fleshy cleft --thereby exposing her the inner folds of her honey-hole for its impending invasion. The monster pressed the head of its cock against her hungry cunt, and it began to open her up as it stretched her tight fuck-hole wider and wider. 

Sola was swimming in the lecherous sensations of pleasure and pain as the beast's colossal member pressed ever deeper inside her. 

Luva was looking on, and watched it slide in. The she-orc could almost take the entire thing, and the elf-maid was amazed.

The minotaur began fucking her mercilessly.

Tyler was trying to hold back, but her felt an unavoidable stirring in his loins. Lina felt the twitching, and saw the look in his eyes, and said, "Go ahead, it won't be the only time you will, tonight. I have made sure of that. Besides, I yearn to taste your seed!"

That was all he could take, so she jumped from the table, and took his tumescent manhood in her mouth just as the first jets of hot cum shot from him. He filled her in scant seconds, she swallowed as much as she could, and let the rest dribbled down her chin.

With his jism dripping from her face, and on to her pert little titties, she simply asked, "Do you want more?"

Overcome by the libidinous concoction that permeated the air, he gave the only answer he could, "Yes!"

The minotaur had lifted Sola from the ground, and had wrapped its muscular arms around her upper body, while it pitilessly rammed her sodden snatch from behind. The orcess bellowed her lecherous glee at the wanton and unnatural act, as her huge boobs bounced from the creature's violent thrusts.

"Oh, be damned you horrid thing," she yelled, "Turn me around, and fuck me!"

The beast obeyed her while she was still impaled on its enormous cock. She felt the monster's throbbing member rotate inside her as it turned her body so they faced each other. Once in position, the powerful she-orc planted her feet on its brawny bovine thighs, as each hand grabbed a horn, and she began to fuck the monster.

Luva continued to watch the lewd action unfold in front of her, as she vigorously rubbed her soaking gash. She saw Sola standing on the minotaur, bounding atop its giant prick; and when the beast began to bleat and bray, she knew that it was about to release its messy load. The thought of the sight of this brought on her climax.

The orcess new the creature was about to cum; and when she felt the first shot of hot semen discharge inside her, she lifted her hips, letting the pearly liquid spill from her cunt, and let the second expulsion coat her tummy and tits. 

The shear amount was incredible! It seeped down her body as a third jet of its gooey batter struck her face and hair. A fourth, and a fifth stream also sprayed from the monster's twitching cock --one a little less impressive than the last. 

The half-orc saw the its enormous erection begin to fail, as its muscles began to slack. She climbed down from the minotaur, setting her feet on the ground, and releasing its horns, just in time to witness the beast collapse to the ground --exhausted and sated.
