 (c) 2010 Paul B. Garland and Kali Arya

*

Jenny's night had been an ordinary one. As normal as the day that preceded it. The alarm had gone off, like it was set to do. And her daughter had got up and gone to school, like she always did. The sun moved across the sky as Jenny's day walked it's usual path, until her daughter came home, they ate together, then after watching some television, they went to bed.

But there, the normality ended. 

Jenny had no idea what first woke her. She opened her eyes, rubbing the blur from them, until she could focus on the clock in the darkness.

3.30am.

What had woken her at this time? She lay there for a moment, eyes open, staring into the shadows of the room, listening to the faint noises of the early hours. The clock ticking quietly. The wind softly stroking the windows. The occasional car on the main road, distant from here.

Then something looked through the window.

Jenny didn't jump at first. Her initial thought was that she was half-asleep.

She blinked. She was awake. It was still there, a face. Looking at her.

Fear tore through her. She couldn't breathe, her heart froze in her chest like she had just swallowed liquid nitrogen.

Then she took a breath and her heart began to beat again, fast and hard in her breast. Jenny couldn't remember doing it, but she had pulled the quilt up over her face, and after a moment, she lowered the cover and dared to look again.

There was nothing there. Just the dark night sky. Heavy clouds painted a burnt purplish brown by the street lights of the city. 

What had she seen? Jenny pictured it; a pale, round face, small but dominated by huge black eyes. Like an owl.

Perhaps that was it. Owls were nocturnal. It made sense, and she giggled at herself. Jenny, a grown woman, a mother in her thirties, afraid of a bird. A nosey owl, probably curious as to what was beyond the pane of glass it had just perched nearby.

Then she heard a thump. A muffled bump. Again, in the direction of the window. Was the owl outside the window injured? Perhaps it had flown into the glass, and hurt itself. Poor thing.

Jenny threw back the covers, and swung her legs from the bed. She was wearing thin pyjama bottoms and a vest. It was warm here, in the summer, even at night, so she thought she would grab a glass of water, and then see if she could see the owl.

As she turned towards the stairs that led down to the bathroom, she stopped suddenly. A dim, grey light shone from beneath the door. It was dark. Had her eyes adjusted properly? She squeezed them closed tightly, then reopened them and looked again. The light had gone.

Jenny shook her head at her own nervousness, and descended the first step.

The door swung open in front of her.

She tried to scream. It was too quick. Jenny just had time to register what it was. It was shorter than her, slim and slender with colourless, pale skin. Huge black eyes were all she saw of its face as it darted towards her, amazingly fast.

It was on her. She fell backwards, over the top step, landing on her back on the carpeted floor, and then the long-limbed creature was on her. Jenny fought against it, struggling to pull its slender fingers from the grip they had on her shoulders but only succeeded in provoking it into slapping her.

Her ears rang, her eyes saw stars. Its fingers were in her hair. She couldn't believe how strong it was, she was being dragged along on her back, the friction from the carpet was burning her exposed flesh. Then it looked down at her, its wide mouth sneering as it pointed a light into her eyes.

Jenny blacked out.

Where was she? That was her first thought when she opened her eyes. Everything was bright. White was everywhere, as though she were inside a cloud. Lights, many-coloured, seemed to hover in the distance, through a haze.

Her second thought was for her daughter. She was about to scream for help when a voice needled into her head. It was almost painfully loud, even though she didn't hear it through her ears. 

"Worry not for your daughter."

"Where is she?" Jenny yelled, trying to sit up but something, an invisible something, seemed to hold her flat against whatever cold surface she was laid upon.

"She is asleep in her bed," the painful voice screamed back in her brain, "Where you left her."

"Let me go," Jenny cried, tears of panic welling up in her eyes at the realisation that this wasn't a dream.

"No!" the awful sound inside her skull reverberated powerfully, making her cry out in pain. "We will return you to her before the morning. She will never know you left. Fear not."

Jenny had heard stories about alien abduction before. She had seen movies, read books, but who would have ever believed this? This wasn't happening. Not to her. 

Then they appeared. It was just one at first, a small, slender thing, no taller than her daughter. Then a taller one, possibly the one that had attacked her back home. A third, another small one, though they all looked alike. Smooth, pale grey skin, slender, almost graceful, but any beauty was counteracted by their overly large, shiny black eyes. Their noses were just slit, and their mouths were wide, and pulled into strange grins.

The taller one spoke, in English too, which Jenny didn't expect. "Do not attempt to resist, it will only make things worse for you."

As the beings appeared, so the scenery around Jenny changed. The haze cleared slightly, not totally, but enough to make out that she was in some sort of long room, with white metallic walls. She was laid out on a long bench, made from the same cold material and her hands and feet were restrained by loops of something grey and soft, organic feeling.

The smaller one came closer, peering into her face. "You would be best to remain quiet throughout this. Make it easy on yourself."

She wanted to ask what they wanted, what it was they were talking about, but the words stuck in her throat as the bench beneath her moved. An eerie, electronic whine broke the silence, and the bench changed shape, vibrating slightly and morphing so that her legs were drawn apart.

Horrified, Jenny saw that one of the taller aliens had some sort of device in his hand. Like a small, rotating saw. She closed her eyes and gritted her teeth, but no pain came. Only the sensation of her pyjamas being cut, and then dragged from her. Another long cut up her side, and the vest top was gone too. In a few seconds, she was totally naked, and she dared to open her eyes.

The short alien was standing between her open legs, gazing between them. He was studying her pussy, she realised after a moment. A mix of revulsion and humiliation filled her, and she tried to pull her legs together, but the restraints held firm.

The two taller beings came closer again, each one holding a knee and pulling them slightly wider apart if anything, and the other leaned forward, seeming to smell lightly at her slit.

Jenny felt herself blushing with shame, then she tried to twist away again as it reached out and touched her there, before tasting the end of its finger. She became aware also, of the two taller aliens exploring her body. The one to her left was stroking the inside of her thigh, feeling the warmth of her. They were cold to the touch. The one to the right had become interested in her breasts, cupping and squeezing them with its free hand. The long fingers pinching and twisting her nipple, making her grunt slightly at the pain.

That was when she noticed that one of the tall ones was male. The one stroking her thigh didn't seem to have any genitalia, so she wondered if that was female, because the other obviously did. At first it was just a lump, but then the lump's hole opened, and a long, thick penis slid out. It was similar to a human's, only longer and slightly thicker, and the end was rounder and more bulbous.

Although these things were a completely different species to her, it seemed to be becoming aroused as it groped and pinched her nipples, its flaccid penis twitching and then growing until it became thicker and erect. It waved around at the side of her face, and for a moment Jenny thought the alien was going to try and put it in her mouth, but her attention was distracted back to what was happening between her thighs.

The small grey being slipped a finger inside her, then back out, flicking up and across her clitoris, bringing an involuntary shudder from her. She looked down angrily as it did it again, obviously observing the response, but the thing just grinned back up her, its wide, curving mouth full of short, sharp teeth.

Jenny closed her eyes and tried to ignore the shameful feelings of the three aliens stroking, groping and fingering her. She had no idea how long it lasted, it felt like an age, but it was probably just minutes. At some point, the finger between her legs, embarrassingly making her wet, disappeared and was replaced by something cold. She looked down to see the short alien inserting a glass device of some sort into her, then opening her up so it could look deep inside her pussy.

She closed her eyes again and gritted her teeth as it inserted a long rod, made of something that looked like black metal inside her, shoving it deep before beginning to circle her clit with one of its long, spindly fingers again. Jenny was horrified as she began to feel arousal swelling reluctantly inside her, and tried desperately to wriggle her hips away, but with the two aliens alongside her both now squeezing and twisting her nipples, she couldn't help the way her body was responding.

She was aware some flashing lights coming down from the ceiling, as though it was photographing or x-raying her lower body, but everything was lost in the deliriously horrible thing that was happening to her.

Then it all stopped. As suddenly as that, the two beings on either side of her let go of her breasts and stepped away, leaving just the smaller one examining her internally and stimulating her clit. After a moment, that one also withdrew the apparatus from her pussy and moved backwards. Finally the strange camera that had descended from the ceiling rose and disappeared back into the haze above her.

Then Jenny saw why they had moved. Another alien was approaching, and this one dwarfed even the taller ones. It was a good foot taller, and whereas the others were slender things, this one was massive. Monstrous, even. It had the same pallid skin but it's features were slightly more human, almost elven despite the large, black pools, like shark's eyes. But no, this alien had muscles. It rippled as it moved. It's arms thicker than most men's legs, and bulging with power. It's torso was equally large, almost bursting with strength, and then below its slimmer waist, its hips and legs were thick and strong-looking.

This alien was different to the others, perhaps a chief or some sort of warrior, she wasn't sure. What really separated it from the others though were the two long tentacles that seemed to emerge from the back of its shoulders, almost like long, thin wings.

It barked something at the three others, who stepped hastily into line. This one didn't speak a language she could understand, but whatever it said, it was exerting authority over the others. Then it turned its gaze on Jenny, naked and vulnerable, strapped to the bench. It loomed over her, a towering monster with an almost predatory look in its dark, evil eyes.

Jenny couldn't move her ankles, but she instinctively tried to pull her knees together as it walked into the space between her legs. Immediately the three other aliens stepped forward, and between them held her legs open again for their superior.

One of its tentacles reached upwards, seeming to grow longer, and then downwards, the tip of it trailing from her ankle upwards past her knee and along her thigh. Jenny screamed.

"Get the fuck off me!" she yelled, suddenly finding that she could speak.

The huge alien responded by snarling at her, and then extending the other tentacle. This one shot towards her head, and Jenny tried to turn away but before she even had chance to close her mouth, the tip of it, as thick as her wrist, was rammed in, hitting the back of her throat and making her gag.

She clamped her teeth down, hard, but the muscle was as hard as bone beneath the soft, grey flesh and the massive creature stood glowering down at her didn't even flinch. She bit as hard as she could, but the alien only pushed its tentacle further into her throat, making her gag reflex kick in, and realising she was about to choke, she let go with her teeth. The tentacle didn't move straight away, and even when it did, it began to move inside her mouth, as though it was getting a blow job. It certainly worked in shutting Jenny up.

The other tentacle was in between her legs now, the tip of it moving over her pussy and then across her slit, caressing and nosing around as though it was smelling her. It delved in to the unintentional wetness of her pussy for a moment, before withdrawing and travelling slowly lower until it reached her anus. Realising what was about to happen, Jenny tensed, but it was no good, the tentacle forced its way in to her tight little arsehole, filling her up totally. Still gagged, Jenny moaned with a combination of pain and- despite herself- arousal. The tentacle began to soundly fuck Jenny's compact arsehole and she found herself writhing. She gazed at the beast between her spread eagled legs and saw that its cock had slid out from the lump at its groin. It was huge, the size and thickness of a man's forearm, with a bulbous glistening head.

The smaller aliens held her wider open still, totally exposing her, so that her cunt was gaping open, wide and inviting. The alien crouched slightly and pushed the tip of his massive cock in to Jenny's moist, inviting pussy.

With the tentacle already embedded up her arse, it felt even bigger in her tight, wet cunt. She groaned loudly as the alien rammed himself deep in to her, stuffing her fuller than she ever believed possible. Held bound as she was and wide open by the sharply clawed fingers of the aliens, Jenny was unable to move much, but horrified as she was by this violation, her treacherous body began to buck towards the alien as he screwed her. He was fucking her harder now, brutally, the massive cock sliding all the way up her in time to the tentacle up her arse. The second tentacle was withdrawn from her mouth and Jenny felt a relief in her aching jaw. She regretted the withdrawal though, because as soon as it was removed, she was unable to stop herself crying out and moaning.

The tentacle worked its way back down her body and with the dexterity of a finger it began to circle her clit. The combination of the rhythm of the light pressure on her clit and the two massive appendages shafting her hard was too much. In spite of the situation, the fear, the fact that she was being used, taken so forcefully against her will, Jenny felt the orgasm building. She tried very hard to deny it, to stop it, but to no avail. The orgasm exploded through her body and she cried out loudly as she came harder than ever before in her life. Spasm after spasm rocketed through her and the alien timed his thrusting with her climax, so that his cock was embedded deep in to her cunt at each new wave. Jenny looked up at the alien and saw its eyes were open and staring at her. Then, without warning, the creature stiffened, its powerful shafting became shorter and quicker and it made a noise, high pitched and frightening. She felt it spurting inside her pussy, and the pressure of this forced a second orgasmic wave rippling through her body. The alien abruptly withdrew his cock and the tentacle from her arse and to her further shame, she felt some of his cum drip out of her. She relaxed her body and lay panting for whatever might come next.

A short time later, she couldn't tell how long, the smaller aliens gathered around her with a tray of equipment. Jenny was terrified once again, but then realised that they were only intending to clean her. They washed down her body with surprising gentleness, before inserting a douche in to her pussy and washing out the cum from the large alien. She felt the cool liquid fill her, a sensation equalled in its strangeness by the vacuous feeling it left behind as it rushed back out of her.

The big alien just stood there, watching her. It had wrapped a tentacle around its penis and was massaging itself. Jenny hoped it wasn't trying to get itself erect. Her clitoris felt sensitive, in fact her whole groin area felt slightly tender and well used. The thought of it fucking her again was daunting, but embarrassingly she also felt turned on at the prospect.

It snarled something at the smaller beings, the harshness of its voice making Jenny jump. It seemed to be giving them some sort of instructions. The aliens obviously deferred to it as their superior, bowing to it before going about their business. They surrounded her, releasing her from her restraints but before she could even attempt to make a run for it, the big alien's tentacles wrapped her arms, snapping her upright, and then pulling her arms behind her back and wrapping her wrists together. She was half-pushed, half-carried forwards, towards a bench which looked similar to the one she had just been bound to, but this one was on an angle. Jenny was pushed forward as she approached it, and landed heavily on it, face first. The surface of it was hard and smooth, and her breasts were crushed beneath her as the aliens slid her further on to it. Her head was at the lower end of the slanting bench, so that her ass was raised up and exposed to the big alien that was still standing back there. She felt her legs pulled apart and along with her hands, bound to the sides of the bench so that she was unable to move.

She was filled with fright, completely unable to move, or even turn her head fully to see what was going to be done to her, but as scared as she was, fear took on a completely new meaning when a door in the white wall before her opened. It slid upwards smoothly, without so much of a hiss, to reveal a darkened room beyond. Something was moving in there, but she couldn't quite make out what. As her eyes adjusted from the bright light to penetrate the gloom through the door, she began to make out another of the huge aliens, walking towards her, but there was something else too. Then, as it approached, she made it out, and her breath caught in her throat.

The beast, she couldn't think of any other word it, stood almost as tall as the large alien's shoulder. It had four legs, and was muscled like a huge, male lion but it's face was more wolf-life. It was covered in short fur, streaked white, grey and black and had several long, sharp-looking talons on each its four huge feet.

The thing saw Jenny, as it and the alien passed through the door and into the bright light of the room where Jenny was strapped down. A long, bright blue tongue lolled out of it's mouth, saliva dripping from its fangs, and it strained hard against the alien's leash, in an attempt to bound towards her. It's jaws snapped and it growled menacingly, and as it walked nearer, Jenny thought she was going to die here. Were they going to feed her to this monster?

The newcomer brought the beast past Jenny, making sure to keep it out outside of reach, and then paused to talk to the other that had just fucked her. Their speech was guttural and unintelligible, but it sounded almost as though they were laughing, or speaking in amused tones.

The newcomer alien passed the leash to the other, then squatted down and stared into her eyes. Jenny met them without blinking, trying not to show any fear and he grinned at her, revealing row upon row of sharp, needle-like teeth. It eyes moved sideways, taking in the sides of her squashed breasts, and it extended a long tentacle touching the back of her neck, before trailing the tip down her spine, making Jenny shudder involuntarily. It paused there for a second, the aliens smile slipping to a more serious expression, its eyes narrowing in what she presumed to be arousal, as its long, thick cock slid out of its groin like the others had.
