 THE GOLEM

A small shadow moved about a much larger room, body clothed in sweeping robes as she busied herself with the intense display around her. The shadow, a young mage named Lorelai, gathered an armful of poultices and potions as she danced her way through the closed space. There, at the end of the hallway, she finally stopped her jog in a sweep of her robe, quickly categorizing the poultices according to their strange and surprising concoctions. 

In front of her loomed a mammoth construct, a creature crafted of clay and metal and patterned in velvet. A creature bound by magick.

"What a morning that was," said Lorelai to the construct. It didn't answer her.

"I've never seen the pacts of magick performed before, but I could have used a little warning. Wow," she said. Silence.

"Anyway, I'm exceedingly grateful to our princess Elmensa there. That little dalliance with the demon strengthened are magick, and thustly..."

Lorelai looked up at the monstrous construct, hands on her hips. She finally threw back the hood of her cloak, revealing a shock of bright red hair and striking gold eyes. She blew a strand of hair aside with a small puff of breath, then looked from her vials to the golem, and back again.

"I should think a few things have changed, but I'm not sure what," she said. "Your life is so close and yet so far away, Sanda. I have all the proper poultices and potions here, but now that the pacts of magick have been reviewed, there's been a strengthening to the ether. Too much, or too little..."

She tapped her toe on the floor impatiently, the boot echoing strangely in the chamber. The room itself was not much different than any overcrowded library, except that Lorelai's space was also filled with dried dragon remnants, star globes, shrunken heads, statuettes, and half-used bottles of magick potion. Somewhere crowded in the corner was her bed, a small collection of blankets and pillows that she rarely used. 

"Sanda, Sanda, Sanda..." she said, hands still on her hips. 

Lorelai reached toward the collection of vials tentatively, suddenly unsure of what to use. The blue, rounded vial. The tall red one. The green one, with its pretty crystal and curling design...

If she messed up, the golem might become hostile. Arrogant. Unusable. But what would the opposite of that be? Could the creature be too affectionate?

Scrambling through her things, Lorelai found a dusty bowl and placed it on the counter top. She didn't clean it of dust, knowing that whatever aetheric remnants remained on the bowl would be helpful for the casting of the spell. She grabbed the green vial, the blue vial, the yellow vial, emptying each poultice in the bowl and watching as the colors swirled of the own accord. Then, as she reached for the thick red crystal vial, she suddenly stopped. That red color, that shape...she was drawn back to the morning, drawn back into the crowd where she and the others watched silently as princess Elmensa was affectionately ravaged by the huge demon.

And as she had watched, something inside Lorelai had awoken as well. Her cheeks felt warm, and there was a pressure in her chest. Not to mention what had happened between her legs...

No, but there was no time to think of that now. She grabbed the red vial without another thought, then poured half of it into the bowl. As the colors swirled together, she poured in the rest of the vial. Then, reaching into her cloak and between her breasts, she grabbed a tiny purple vial and uncorked it. It smelled strongly of lemongrass, thyme, soil, root, and berries. She added that to the mix, then stepped back. The concoction frothed and bubbled in the bowl, growing and spilling over the sides. The colors shifted and changed into something entirely other, a color that could only exist in the deep places. As Lorelai looked into it, she could no longer see her reflection but an assimilation of things, of ideas. It was like looking into a mirror but not seeing your reflection and suddenly feeling that deep anxiety and fear.

Lorelai left the bowl, and rummaged through her things for a large spout. Shucking herself free of the robes, she climbed up the nearby ladder and made to affix the spout to the golems mouth. She paused a moment to appreciate her design. Although the creature was large and imposing, it wasn't terrible to look at. The velvet made it soft, and she had given it muscles and a carved face...

She slide down the ladder, swept the frothing bowl into her arms, and climbed carefully back up the ladder. Ever so gently she tipped the bowl to the spout, and poured the entirety of the bowl into it, the contents sloshing in their darkness as they vanished deep within the creature. Lorelai slide back down the ladder, kicked it away, and waited with a smile blooming across her face.

The golem did nothing.

The young mage frowned. What was it? All her books had said the same things, and with the pacts of magick renewed, bringing a simple golem to life should have been an easy thing. Yet she stood before it, waiting, and the creature simply did not act.

"Do something," she said to the creature. 

She clapped. She stomped her feet. She performed infantile magick spells, creating sparkling colors in the air before her or rustling the pages of the books around the room. The creature didn't wake, didn't move. Lorelai even disrobed, baring herself before the creature, and it did nothing. 

With a colossal sigh, Lorelai grabbed hold of a bottle and drank herself to sleep.

Lorelai woke, suddenly. The room was dark, the only lights the few glowing sprites that floated freely through the thick ether. She scratched at her scalp, then felt around for her robes. Nothing. Did she fall asleep on her bed? She sat up and tried to find something familiar in the strange darkness. Every time she slept then woke again, her small crowded space changed. Books moved, statues rearranged themselves. But it wasn't that. Something else was there in the dark, watching her. Waiting.

She crafted a quite spell of light, the brightness blooming between her fingers and casting shadows across her nude body. She allowed the ball of light to lift slightly, hovering about the room, casting its glow around and creating shadows. It illuminated her shelves, her workbench, her bed. It swept over everything, then as it bounced toward the golem's corner.

Empty. The creature was gone.

Lorelai's stomach dropped, anxiety and panic twining together. The golem had been an order of the queen's, a construct built for her own purposes. The young mage had been certain to use the exact spells and potions the queen desired, and created the creature according to her explicit instructions. But now, with the pacts of magick renewed, with the entire city thinking of nothing but the performance...something had change.

And now, the golem had been spirited away. Unless...

A noise from the other side of the room. Lorelai turned quickly, light spell held high. Shelves, workbench, bed. Overcrowded room. Where could the golem possibly have gone? She wrapped herself in the robes, keeping the cloth pressed close as she moved towards the source of the sound. She took a deep breath, then lifted the light high. Nothing. 

A sudden rush of movement. Items fell from shelves and a the brush of wind caused by the movement lifted her robes. Lorelai jumped aside, the light orb now free of her control. It floated up toward the ceiling lazily, throwing light and shadow every which way.

And there, close to the edge of the room, lumbered the velvet golem. It stood watching her, very much alive, its eyes bright with...hunger? It was difficult to tell, to read the emotion on the grand face, but there was something recognizable in it. 

"You scared me," Lorelai said quietly. "You..."

The golem took a step forward. Then another. The color drained from the young mage's face. Would the golem be enraged? Would it tear her apart? There had been a secret command imprinted on the creature, before Lorelai had been tasked with working on it. She had steadily hoped that it was not a construct of war, that she had not been building something behemoth that would go out into the battlefield only to rip men and women to bloody shreds. But as the creature moved closer to her, she began to wonder. Perhaps the command imprinted on the golem by the queen was not something malicious at all?

"Stop. Don't move. Stay. Quit," Lorelai said, rattling off different closure commands. Nothing. She tried to cast a spell but was instantly rebuffed, forgetting that she herself had blessed the velvet construct with a sword of ensorcelled defense against a variety of magicks. If only she could remember which ones she had protected it from...

The creature stopped moving, just a few feet from her. It towered over her, still as a statue. Lorelai shook like a leaf, shoulders naked and bare of the robe, hair disheveled, eyes wide with wonder and panic. The creature reached out toward her, fingers thick and outstretched, and the young mage gasped. With one steady, silken motion the golem gripped her robes and ripped them from her body, leaving the stunned Lorelai small and naked in the gently light of the spell orb.

"You..." she said quietly, momentarily stuttering. Her heart thudded in her chest, and despite her nakedness, she feared for her life. Would the creature simply lean down and crush her? Would it rip her apart?

The young mage tried to scramble away, but the golem was surprisingly fast. One hand gripped her around the waist, pulling her back. She struggled, kicking and pushing against the creature's soft body, but it was impossible. She was in a vice grip, and whatever the golem was about to engage, there would be no escape from it.

Then, suddenly, the creature stopped its movement. Lorelai tried to look over her shoulder, tried to see past the creature's fist that held her so tightly at yet snuggly. Her naked bottom hovered in the air, legs dangling. Then, as she waited for the golem to act, something changed within her. The sights and sounds of the morning returned, the fresh memory of princess Elmensa as she was so sweetly ravaged by the demon from the black gate. Lorelai flushed, the timing for the thought ridiculous, but she couldn't slow her beating heart. And once again something began to happen between her legs. A wetness, a warmth. As the cool air flowed over her naked body, suspended in the air, that wetness between her legs began to run slowly down the edge of her buttocks and the back of her legs.

"Please..." she said quietly, begging the golem. "Put me down. I won't do anything to you. You are the queen's gift, her construct. I don't need to—"

She was interrupted by a sudden, dramatic feeling. The feeling of something massive entering her, filling her. The feeling of intense pleasure, of her wet womanhood easily accepting the soft girth of it, the greatness of the object. Lorelai gasped as she was filled, head now moving wildly as she tried to see what it was the golem was doing to her. Out of the corner of her eyes she could see the golem's other hand near her bottom, and a single digit being pressed deeper and deeper into her pussy.

"P-please..." she repeated, though it was becoming increasingly difficult to think, to speak. Oh, the majesty of that feeling. That soft velvet, that pressure, that girth. Greater than anything she had ever felt before. The golem held her steady in the air, fully suspended as it began to push a single digit in and out of her, drawing it, pushing it, causing her eyes to roll back in her head and her jaw to slack.

Her breathing quickened, and Lorelai began to moan. She began to forget things: place, time, her name, her spells. She began to enter a world of the other, a place of pleasure where nothing existed but the exquisite feeling of something so great moving in and out of her pussy. Lorelai was thankful for her wetness, thankful that the morning spent watching the pacts had readied her for this sudden onslaught of the golem. And while she was terribly afraid and suddenly angry at the queen for her secrecy, the intense pleasure made her understand why it was the queen had wanted to build the golem. The what for, though, escaped her. Was the doll a training regiment for the princess? Was it for the queen's own chambers?

She moaned again, thoughts shattered as the golem changed the vibration of its finger. The digit was not only going in and out of her slick crevice, it was vibrating with the intensity of a spell, something that she herself had not bestowed on the creature. Then, suspended in the air as she was, she felt something else snake around her thigh and move up into her womanhood: another finger, curling, expertly moving up towards her clit. Lorelai screamed out as the digit touched the sensitive nub, her body immediately wracked with an orgasm. It shuddered through her, her legs and arms spasming but her body held fast in the air by the golem's other hand. Sweat dripped down her neck, down her arms, down her legs...but the golem did not quit. Despite her moans, despite her cries, despite the intensity of the pleasure and the fact that the orgasm refused to cease, the golem continued in the intensity of its onslaught.

The young mage blacked out, but only for a moment. The golem had turned her again, her body now facing the ceiling, breasts on display, legs spread wide. Where only a moment ago she was wanting the golem to quit, now she was spreading her legs wide on her own, panting, begging for another release. She was so wet, so hot, and as she felt another finger join the first in her pussy, she did nothing but beg for it.

"Yes, yes...more..." she muttered, drained, her language transforming into nothing but an incoherent babble. The wetness that had begun to slick her thighs now ran easily down her legs, to where the wetness she felt sluicing across her toes was now both sweat and cum. The golem raised her higher into the air, searching for the best way to pleasure her, the finger of one hand vibrating intensely against her clit, the two fingers of the other hand pushing in and out of her pussy, bringing her pleasure to life, turning her body into a shaking mess. 

Her eyes were wide and open now, seeing into that other place, her self pushed so far and close to the void. For a moment, she recalled her masters in the sagely school telling her about tears in the void, openings that could only be viewed by the most intense raptures of magickal energy. Now, those little tears were forming. As the fingers moved in and out of her pussy, as her clit was ravaged with pleasure, her eyes opened to these new truths of magick, spells taking hold in her mind as the properties of the veil unfolded entirely.

Another orgasm. She bucked, the muscles in her stomach tightening into hard coils, her back spasming. Her legs shook faster than the fingers of the golem, and the screams she now uttered were guttural things, animal noises from so deep in her chest that she herself had never heard them before. All desire to stop had left her mind; she was now a creature entirely attuned with the other side of magick, seeing and feeling properties that she had only dreamed of. As she quickly lost count of the orgasms and her skin turned into a slick face of sweat and cum, her mind filled with new possibilities. The pacts of magick had added such a strength to each spell, such a vibrancy to things enchanted, that the pleasure the golem was gifting her with transformed her. She panted, she moaned. She felt the fingers fill her pussy and slickly move in and out, in and out, causing orgasm after orgasm, turning the experience into nothing more than a continues plain of vibrating pleasure and intense heat.

Suddenly, Lorelai felt a strange and intense pressure. At first she wondered if perhaps the golem had decided to slip a third finger into her, or perhaps the muscles in her body had finally reached their peak of use. But no, the pressure was down below, near the heat of her womanhood...

She gasped at the push, eyes widening, the veil changed shape and color and she realized what the golem was attempted to do. He was seeking to push her even further, past the sight of the magicked veil and into the gate of spells. But she knew that that part of her body was not yet relaxed enough to accept the push, the finger...and that she had never felt anything slip into her ass before.

Quickly, the young mage thought to cast a spell, a way to relax the bud of her ass enough to accept the golem's massive digit. She uttered the words just in time, her ass loosening and slicking with a dewy wetness caused by the spell. Then, the intense and unbelievable pressure as she felt the golem's finger slip past her bed and fully into her ass, meeting the pressure being caused by the two fingers already deep in her pussy and the additional finger vibrating continuously against her clit. The feeling was unbelievable, a strange pressure and filling, but it was delightful. The two fingers in her pussy, the one and her clit...and now the finger slipping easily in and out of her ass. Lorelai screamed again, this time coming towards an orgasm that she knew would either leave her momentarily comatose, or push her mind completely past the veil and into the true gates of magick...where she would ascend into a new kind of mage.

Her thoughts shattered as the golem ravaged her, finger pushing in and out of her ass hole, filling her, goading her. She grunted and moaned, legs kicking, arms shaking, sweat slicked, tongue lolling. Cum and sweat now dripping from her toes to the floor, the sweat on her brow dripping past her ears and down her neck. Then, the golem lifted her higher, angling her down so that its fingers could push completely into her pussy and ass. Then, and unbelievably, it pushed its fingers faster. Lorelai screamed, the pleasure reaching such a crescendo that her mind went blank, and as both her pussy and ass were ravaged she felt the tear in the ether greatening, the veil opening as her mind accepted these new reaches of magick. The golem moved faster and faster, bringing on new and intense orgasms, shaking the sweat from her body, causing her breasts to bounce and legs to shake. Then, somewhere, in that place of light and darkness, the young mage reached a new peak. Her back arched and she screamed, the aetheric energy flowing into her body as her own magick attacked her clit, creating a level of pleasure that brought a blankness to her eyes.

She was there, on the verge of everything, her orgasms sending her beyond the very stars of time.