 CHAPTER ONE. THE DEMON AND THE DOOR.

ALL IN THIS STORY ARE 18 OR OLDER.

Elmensa awoke with a tremendous, delirious headache. Hands flew to her chest and she clutched the sheets in a sweat-soaked panic, momentarily forgetting where she was, who she was. There was nothing but darkness, slick and real and cloying, and for that single moment she was not princess Elmensa of the people of the Deep, she was a girl lost in bedsheets and darkness, waiting for a servant to light a candle. Fortunately, one of the servants were nearby, a small slip of a vassal that found Elmensa in panic and moved quickly to brighten the room. Morning was but an hour away yet, and the strange light between the dimensions of night and morning made Elmensa feel sick.

She heard movement, noise—speech. Then, doors were thrown open and—still sitting up straight in bed, panting, riddled with anxiety—Elmensa watched as her queen mother strode into her chambers, dressed in sleeping gown.

"El? What is it? It's almost morning. You need your rest, my dear," said the queen. "Did the excitement of your eighteenth nameday ruin all hope of sleep?"

"Mother. I had the most terrifying dream. I dreamed...I dreamed of a nothingness. Not dark, not light...but a grey somewhere in between. It was terrifying," Elmensa whispered. 

Sitting gently on the bedside, the queen nodded to two of the vassals who quickly fled the room. She gripped one of her daughter's hands, held it with some grace, and looked into Elmensa's eyes.

"It was just a dream, small one. Go back to sleep. We still have an hour or so before morning, and—"

The princess looked at her mother, realization setting in.

"You know what morning this is," said the queen. "The pacts of magick."

Elmensa shook her head firmly. "I can't do it mother. I can't. I'm not ready. If I'm having anxiety from dreams, how can I be expected too..."

The words faded away, as if Elmensa could not decide on what should be next.

"Perform."

"Oh, daughter. It's not a performance, it's a ceremony. The pacts of magick are older than time itself. I gathered them for our people when I was your age, and my mother before me, and her mother before her. The ceremony is one of the oldest aspects of our people. It is the duty of the royal house, of the royal princess. Our people will love you for it," said the queen.

Elmensa shook her head again. "I just don't know how I can go through with it. In front of all those people...and with a demon," she whispered.

The queen chuckled lightly, but Elmensa saw the brief fear in her own mother's eyes.

"Scoot over a bit," the queen commanded. Elmensa obeyed.

"I felt much like you did, when I refreshed the spirits of magick and renewed the pacts. I was afraid, and nervous, and did not know what to expect. But the demonic...they are not what you believe them to be. And in truth, the performance of the pact does not last long. Demons may have some enthusiasm, and vigor, but they have nervous ones among them as well. For them, the pacts of magick are also a ritual. We gain magick, and they gain entrance into our world. They gain resources, all for us, for the royal family, for the long succession of witches. The people need you to do this for them, Elmensa. So the world can remain filled with the tendrils of magick."

Elmensa nodded slowly. "For the people...yes. If this is to be but my single duty, I must do it," she said.

The queen patted her daughter's hand. "There. That wasn't so bad now, was it?"

Before the queen could pull away, Elmensa tugged her back. "Tell me."

"Tell you?"

"What it was like for you," Elmensa whispered.

The queen smiled awkwardly, and flushed only slightly. "Well, El...the performance is a tad nervewracking. But once you forget about the people and focus on yourself and what you are doing, the rest of it fades away. I can't say the viewership is enjoyable, though perhaps the voyeurism will be an exciting aspect for you," she said.

"And the demon?"

"I have met a few that might make the pacts with you. They are lovely, as a species. You will be taken care of, most assuredly. And after the performance of ritual, dear Elmensa, you will gain the demon speech. You will gain the magick of their land, and you will become a powerful witch just like your mother. Are these not things you desire?" asked the queen.

Elmensa nodded.

Without warning, the queen pulled back the covers, revealing the naked body of her daughter. Her hair was bright blonde, her eyes a deep blue. Her breasts were small but lovely, perfectly round with dark red nipples. She kept the hair between her legs trimmed but full, the way it was preferred by the demons of the pact. In truth, Elmensa was young and healthy and vivacious, the kind of woman that any man, woman, or demon would desire to sleep with. 

"Mother!" Elmensa shouted in embarrassment, face flushing a deep red as she attempted to cover herself.

The queen gave her a stern look, and Elmensa left the covers as they were. Her mother continued to look over her body, gaze unflinching. Elmensa tried not to squirm.

"You are beautiful, daughter. Perfect. Exactly as you should be to perform the pacts of magick," the queen said quietly. 

One hand left the safety of her daughter's grasp, fingers lightly trailing across the princess' skin. The queen let the palm of her hand float across silken skin, from the princess' thigh up to the softness of her belly. Elmensa gasped, but of course made no movement to stop her mother. She was the queen's daughter—her property. And as the witch of the royal house, she was also the property of the people, her body nothing but a vessel for the pact, and for the bringing and renewing of magick. At least, until she became queen.

Her mother's hand stopped just below Elmensa's right breast, the palm grazing the soft skin beneath. Then, without words, the queen lightly pinched the princess' nipple between thumb and forefinger. She maneuvered the nub delicately, gently, reverently. She began to massage Elmensa's soft skin with her other hand, fingers gliding from stomach, to breasts, to neck. The princess did not move, did not speak. The queen worked as she would, teasing her daughter, awakening her, bringing a bright flush to her cheeks and chest. Elmensa's body rose off the bed but a little, responding to the touch of the queen.

Then, the touches ceased, and Elmensa found herself panting, delirious.

"You are ready for the pacts, daughter," the queen said, smiling. "We have but a little time before morning. I will see the vassals to your attire."

On the edge of the city, wreathed in shadow and smelling eternally of flame, sat the monolithic gate to the world of the demons. The gate was habitually ignored—or willfully avoided—all times of the year. It was only during the pacts of magick that the citizens of the kingdom ever truly acknowledged the massive black slab scrawled with runes and bathed in shadow. And it was on this morning, celebrated by the renewal of the pacts themselves, that the citizens would gather around the slab and wait for the crack to widen and for a demon to emerge into the world of the humans.

Before the gate, the ritual altar was prepared. All day and all night the platform for the pacts of magick had been erected, slavishly constructed as to the designs of the queen, designed to display the wonderment of princess Elmensa for the demon that would come into this side of the dimension. The bed was placed only a few feet from the licking shadows of the gate, a massive platform much wider than any bed that Elmensa had ever seen. The finest pillows and blankets had been stuffed and woven just for the pact, silken things so light and so soft that clouds could not do justice, or magick find a more impressive display. The bed was wreathed with colorful flowers on all sides, great bushels of beautiful flora from the human world. Farther out from the bed was a circle of torches where great magicked flame burned in all colors, a celebration of the devotion the kingdom had to the good graces of the demons.

The queen stood beside her daughter, and Elmensa watched servants place the finished touches on the bed. She felt nothing but intense nervousness, and the wind sent a chill through her body as she stood wearing nothing but a robe over the ritual attire. Elmensa looked around at the crowed, the immense gathering of citizens who had come to see the pacts of magick be performed. It was only those citizens of age, of course—young children had been left to the care of the older citizens and the servants.

"Do you still feel nervous, daughter? Do you not find the altar beautiful?" the queen asked quietly.

Elmensa took a deep breath. "It is very beautiful. But..."

She looked up into the eyes of her mother. "What if I can't perform? What if I fail?" she asked.

The queen clicked her tongue. "You will do marvelously. You are more beautiful and radiant than I was when I performed the pact over twenty years ago. You're the beacon of the people. You're their princess, their witch. They will be nothing but impressed by you," she said.

Elmensa nodded silently, and the queen prodded her forward. "Go. It's almost time."

All eyes were on her as she walked the petal-laden path to the altar, robe fluttering about her legs in the wind. With each step toward the bed she could feel the shadow deepen, and as she approached the massive altar, the shadows were almost touching her skin. At the edge of the bed she turned and gave her mother one final look. The queen nodded, and Elmensa took another deep breath, then dropped her robe.

The ritual attire had been meticulously designed as to the queen's commands, using the finest cloth available and woven with magick. The attire was more ornate cloth than garment, interwoven strips of colorful cloth that crossed the princess' body and revealed her beautiful breasts. Bows were tied just below each one, and she also wore a bow in her hair, which had been elegantly coiffed and layered. The cloth wove down around her stomach, creating a beautiful and ornate mesh before slipping between her buttocks and wrapping around each thigh. Elmensa flushed deeply as the robe fell away and she was displayed before all wearing the ritual attire, but she mustered all the courage and grace that she could and stepped up onto the altar, laying down on the bed. As directed by her mother and the priests, she assumed the reverent position the demons preferred. She lay back on the pillows, breasts free and pointed skyward. Then the princess spread her legs toward the gate, knees far apart so that her womanhood would be displayed in glory as the demon emerged from the place of shadows.

There was a murmur of approval and a prayer through the crowd as the princess displayed herself upon the altar, and then all was quiet. The queen, the citizens, the vassals and servants all watched the black monolith. Small beads of sweat appeared on the princess' forehead as she looked upon the shadows, heart thumping madly in her chest. The cool wind was a balm on her skin, and the breeze passing over her mound and genitals caused a shiver through her. In her nervousness, in her excitement, wetness began to appear between her legs. She closed her eyes, let out a breath, and then opened them again.

Movement in the shadow. There was a great sound, like wood cracking beneath winter ice, and then the monolith opened. The gate changed in the shadows, a great deep light appearing within it. There was a murmur in the crowd as the people watched a form appear within the light and shadow. Its silhouette, even from a distance, was tall and imposing, with a pair of curved horns atop its head and a long tail swishing behind it. Then, the gate closed, and the shadows returned as the light faded. The princess watched, heart hammering in her chest. Every face was turned towards the darkness, eagerly awaiting the first steps of the demon, and for the pacts of magick to commence.

Then, the shadow moved, and the silhouette was born from it. The demon took a step. Then another, then another. From her awkward angle, the princess could not see the demon well, and her mind tried in vain to fill in the blank spots. Would the creature be too massive to take? Would it be foul, or stink like fire and rock and ash? Would the creature maul her, or bring her to cries, or try and create a dreary performance? The anxiety building within the princess' heart transformed back and again into excitement, and the wetness between her legs caused further embarrassment. She flushed deeper, delirium beginning.

Then, the crowd was completely silent again. The demon was there, watching her. The princess didn't move an inch. Slowly, the creature came into view, and the princess gasped. It was not at all as she expected.

The demon was tall, this was true. At least seven feet, much larger than any human within the kingdom. It had beautiful black hair, choppy and short around the curved horns. Its eyes were a magnificent gold, flecked with ruby red and sparkling. Its proportions were strangely human in nature—hands, feet, face, belly. Aside from the horns, the tail, and the deep red and black striped skin, it was no different than a human. Not ferocious. Not frightening.

The part that shocked Elmensa was that the demon was, in fact, female. She sported large, hefty breasts with bright orange nipples. The hair between her legs was curly and a luxurious black, but hid what Elmensa knew was a woman's genitals. For a moment, Elmensa considered saying something, considered getting up and looking at her mother. But she took a breath, swallowed, and waited.

"Are you ready to bind by the pacts, little one?" it asked Elmensa. The princess nodded, trying to remember the words she was supposed to speak.

"I am yours, as you are mine. By the twin worlds, by the magicks shared with our peoples, let us commence the pact by ritual upon this altar," Elmensa said, voice cracking only slightly.

The demon nodded, gold eyes sparkling.

"Very well. Let us begin together, then," it said. 

For a moment, Elmensa thought she detected something in the deep voice of the demon. Nervousness? Uncertainty?

As the demon moved upon the altar, Elmensa blinked.

"Ummm..."

The demon stopped. "Yes, child?" it said.

"Your, um, your parts," Elmensa whispered, pointing between the demon's legs.

The crowd was watching now, waiting silently. Out there somewhere was the queen with them.

The demon looked down, as if noticing itself for the first time. "Ah, yes. I forget how primitive you humans are. Very well, let me adjust myself for you, daughter of the world," it said. It made a single movement with its hand, a strange gesture that the princess took for a motion of magick. There was a change between the creature's legs, and within the black hair a fleshy object emerged. The womanly parts were exchanged for that of a man, and a penis grew from the flesh, so large and beautifully formed that Elmensa gasped as she looked upon it. The cock was natural, primordial and girthy, nearly as big around as the princess' slender arms.

"Let the pact commence between us," said the demon, and it moved upon her.

"W-wait," said the princess. "Your name. I must know your name, demon."

The creature gave her a strange look. "Very well. You may call me Incalubi," said the demon.

It moved upon her then, a thing stranger than Elmensa could have imagined, in a scenario too bizarre to understand. The demon's upper body was still that of a woman: slender belly, massive breasts, face fair and slim. Her legs, her buttocks were still that of a woman. But that rigid penis that the demon bore...

Incalubi moved over her, taking up much of the ritual bed. Elmensa moved only slightly to accommodate the demon. Its gold eyes bore into her, studying her. With one hand it positioned its cock at the wet entrance of Elmena's womanhood, and pushed. The action was so swift and assured that all air left the princess' lungs, and it felt as if her entire body had been filled with the presence of the demon. Her eyes rolled back in her head with the glorious delirium of it, the joy, the rapturous pleasure of something so soft, so hard, so large. 

Unconsciously Elmensa moved, her legs wrapped around the buttocks of the demon as it pushed, pulled back, pushed. Slowly at first, each stroke measured and testing. What she had feared she could barely take only a moment ago was now filling her completely, perfectly, as if she had been nothing but a void and had waited her entire life to be filled by Incalubi.

Beyond the bed, the kingdom watched as the ritual began, as the demon moved upon Elmensa, as Elmensa moved back against the demon's motions and fully accepted the pacts of magick. The demon began to thrust faster, harder, its cock almost fully leaving Elmensa's pussy only for it to be plunged back in again, to be taken by that place of warm wetness. Elmensa cried out, head thrown back, tongue lolling. The pleasure was beyond anything she could have ever imagined, it was a thing of such glorious intensity that she forgot the world entirely and sank into another place, a deeper realm of magick and thought that contained only her and Incalubi.

The demon moved, hands taking hold of Elmensa's breasts, its massive hands rolling the soft flesh and pinching her nipples. With its sharp white teeth it gently bit at her neck, licked at her skin and tasted sweat, the cock never ceasing, never stopping. With each moment that Elmensa thought she might burst, that every cell inside her might explode with such intense pleasure, Incalubi would pull back just long enough for her to rest, and they would continue again. Deliriously Elmensa remembered another aspect of the ritual, the climax of the pact, the point of pleasure. It was not only that the ritual had to be performed, but she had to achieve the maximum amount of release humanly attainable, a peak of pleasure that might release such a shockwave of magick from the young witch's body that the pact would be fully renewed for not just a year, but two decades.

And so Incalubi moved, its cock plunging in and out of Elmensa again and again and again. In one swift movement, the demon pulled out of her, flipped the princess over on the bed, and plunged back into her from behind, driving its cock so deep that the princess lost all vision and saw nothing but a swimming sea of stars. She cried out from the joy of it, mind racing, words babbling out of her in a lost language as she slowly adapted to the ravaging of the demon. Human thought and language began to leave her entirely as she was taken over by the demonic, and as the cock moved in and out of her and the intensity of pleasure created a new plane, her tongue chanted the black speech. Incalubi rested its massive breasts on her back, the softness pushing her to the edge. As if sensing her immediate release, the demon pulled back and waiting, letting her body rest only a moment before plunging back in.

The demon took her, moving, pulling back, licking her, biting her, fucking her. They moved together until they had a solid rhythm, until they were but a single entity enacting the pacts, until they knew each other so well that the hour passed quick as lightning and Elmensa finally found herself peaking at an impossible edge, her body coiled and ready, the mounted pleasure so intense that all sight and sound had formed into something incoherent and beyond reason, a shattering edge of starlight.

With a final push, Incalubi's fingers flew to Elmensa's clit, and pulled her into the beyond. She cried out—a cry so intense it might have been a scream, in a throaty roar of language beyond that of any humans. The torches surrounding the ritual bed surged with fire and light, transforming into great plumes that skyrocketed upward toward the heavens. Over the entire area, the wind picked up and the colors deepened as the strength of magick was renewed, as her orgasm ignited the pact and the demon came within her, spurting its seed deep and hot inside of her. Elmensa cried and cried, her orgasm an intense and multi-layered creature that refused to let her go. Her legs shook, her arms gave out, and she collapsed to the bed as Incalubi pulled its hard, slippery cock out of her and finished the last few spurts of its load across the small of her back and on her shoulders. Some of it landed in her hair, but Elmensa was gone from the world, granted into the pleasure of the demons, her body and mind altered forever as the kingdom was one again blessed with the strength of demonic magick.
