 Chapter 5

The next thing that I knew, Desiree was on her knees in front of me, putting her lips around my cock to suck me as hard as a vacuum cleaner (okay, not that hard, but you get the idea). She never could deny me anything, aside from her one attempt at monogamy, which hadn't lasted. Even then, I get the feeling that if push came to shove, she'd simply use her red temper to have crazy makeup sex with me. Given her libido and her recent activities, she'd likely get the other woman to join us in bed, too. She was far more lustful and passionate, not to mention submissive, than most people would have ever guessed.

In any case, I nearly came in her mouth several times, only to have her back off so as to save my cum for even more fun. I couldn't object to that, however, or regard it as cruel, given her evident mission. Apparently, this was part of the girls' plan for me, to get me hot and bothered again for each of them. It certainly worked for me.

When she had began to affect me enough, she stopped and gestured for me to stand up. Once I stood, she pushed me backward, into the arms of Blanca and Cristina, who then helped her put me flat on my back on the kitchen floor. It wasn't much longer until I was pinned entirely to the floor and Blanca's ass was in my face. Seeing her squat over me, I couldn't help but do exactly she wanted from me. I started spreading her cheeks and sliding my tongue between them as much and as vigorously as I could.

Before long, I was also busy eating Blanca's pussy as well as her ass, devouring her as much as I could manage, desperately chasing her climax. I also nibbled a bit on her pussy lips and sucked hard on her clit, something that really seemed to have her at my mercy. I could tell that she bit her bottom lip a lot, as she gasped, moaned, and shivered in response to my mouth and tongue. Certainly, her movements as she rode my face allowed me to know how much impact my oral favors had on her body. Her body became increasingly rigid and taut, unable to control herself as I kept pleasuring her with my tongue.

Eventually, Blanca couldn't restrain herself and began flooding my face with her juices. I licked all of them off her sweet cunt and thighs, at which point I pulled her down and kissed her on the lips. She eagerly slipped me some tongue and we tangled ours together in a make-out moment that had the other two women on the edge of their seats watching us. She definitely proved that she had no problem with tasting herself on my lips.

"Thank you for being such a good sport, Ian. Mind if I ride your cock now while Tina straddles your face?" Blanca asked rather sweetly.

Like the others, she was clearly pleased that I hadn't taken their assertiveness as anything but the playful wrestling kink that it was. I certainly hadn't resisted or said, "No," after all. I naturally wondered what Des would be doing while I had my delicious threesome with my new girlfriends, but that worry faded as I nodded and the women positioned themselves for our little orgy. Yes, they were sluts, but I liked them that way. There was nothing wrong with sluts in my book, as long as they were honest and fair sluts, not liars, cheats, and hypocrites.

Anyway, I was soon too busy planting my tongue in Tina's pussy and impaling Blanca's cunt with my dick to notice that Des had moved behind Tina and added her tongue to mine. In short order, our tongues slithered like snakes across Tina's taint and caressed each other as we ate Tina out from her clit to her tail-bone. The sheer sensation of being licked so much had to be an overwhelming one for poor Tina, as demonstrated by her rising orgasm that never seemed to end. She just kept cumming, her fluids proving that she was in earnest. She whimpered and cussed in some rapid-fire, native Filipina dialect that I never could quite place.

At the same time, my cock was buried inside Blanca's cunt, and she impaled herself with my dick, each inch sinking deeper into her pussy until she moaned and hissed in absolute ecstasy. There was a primal thrill that I couldn't explain away, as my cock played the role of a dildo to this saucy Mexican babe. Even better, her silky cunt massaged my dick to the hilt, her velvety cavern stroking me to the point of wanting to cum from that experience, if nothing else had been added.

Knowing that she wanted me to fill her with my seed and knock her up made it impossible to resist the urge to cum as long as we expected it to take. Every part of my soul, heart, mind, body, will, etc. insisted that I put a bun in Blanca's wonderful oven. With any luck, I would have all three of them pregnant very soon.

Right then, Des chose to help in her own deliciously wicked manner. She began by slipping her fingers into Tina's asshole, finishing the job of making her cum in as wet and messy a way as she could arrange. She also came rather loudly, right at the moment before Desiree pulled out her fingers and stuck them inside Blanca's booty in turn.

Once again, my fiancee was the catalyst, this time of two orgasms, not just one. First, Blanca gripped my cock with her cunt while cumming on it, and then in so doing, she squeezed much of the cum from my balls that I could make right then. Then Desiree's motive became clear, as she licked my cock clean of Blanca's own juices and gave the Latina one hell of a lip-lock. Cristina, meanwhile did some licking of her own, cleaning up her fluids from my face, much to our satisfaction.

"Help me up," I asked the girls, as I prepared to move to the bedroom and rest for the night. I was rather burned out right then, or at least felt that way.

"Hell, no, mister. You're staying put for now. That way, you can nod off in this amazing kitchen with your three sluts, and as soon as you're in better shape, one of us can rape you in your sleep. If all goes right, you'll wake up to being serviced by one, two, or all three of us. Can you honestly tell me that you'd rather retire to the same old bed for the night, when instead, you can be resident stud to three sassy sluts between your many horny dreams? If so, I'll let you up. I'll be disappointed, but I'll let you up, and then put you on Viagra to help you service your women. Doctor's orders, so an exception to your dominance.

"You have four of us now, counting Tammy, and you haven't even gotten to her yet. Even with Felix and Bacchus around, you need to be in your prime, baby. So, tell me honestly, which would you rather do? Sleep constantly and wake up to morning wood, or instead let three horny women have their way with you in phases and turns while you're half-asleep, until you get up for the day? Tell the truth and shame the devil," Desiree showed all of us just how well she really knew me by posing that question to me in such blunt terms.

"Okay, you got me there. What do you ladies plan to do while I'm fully asleep, though?" I asked, truly curious.

"That's for us to know and you to find out, babe," Blanca chimed in, winking at Des and Tina.

From the way that they giggled, I could guess, but I also didn't mind. As horny as they were, they deserved some satisfaction, right? As I drifted off to sleep, I couldn't help but think that if I died and went to Heaven right then, I'd still want to come back here. This was my version of Paradise, after all, snuggling up naked on a bare kitchen floor with three ravishing babes who only wanted to please, and so far had greatly succeeded, especially as I knew that they planned to take advantage of me at their earliest convenience. Giving that up would be my personal Hell. I simply knew that this was the way it should be for us. We belonged together like this, for the rest of our lives. In the morning, I would tell the others what I thought, hoping that they would agree. Who would ever want to give this up, after all? Who in their right mind ever would want to leave this life behind? Certainly not me, was all I knew.

I might be crazy, but I'm not stupid.

Chapter 6

Sure enough, I awoke to the sensual caress of Desiree's lips and tongue, lovingly worshiping my cock. Right then, before I could even thank her, however, I felt another tongue lick my balls and my taint, even sliding over to pleasure my ass from time to time. I didn't realize which of my ladies did that until I saw Tina stand above me just before she sat on my face. This could only mean, logically, that it was Blanca assisting Des in her oral services to my body.

I didn't mind, either way. I started focusing on how well to eat Tina out, and she squirmed as I also played with her ass. She was soon nice and wet, but rather than let me have a chance to get her off, she abruptly swapped with Des and started sucking my cock instead. Now I had Desiree to serve with my tongue, and that I did with enthusiasm. This lasted a good while, until Des stood up and let Blanca take over. Now my fiancée happily tossed my salad while Tina sucked my dick.

When I thought that I couldn't stop myself from cumming, the ladies got off me, helped me stand up and each got on all fours in front of me. I took the hint and entered Des first, as she was my fiancée, fucking her for just enough strokes to edge and pull out. I could tell that she enjoyed this near release as I plowed her, too. Her smell was stronger than before, that sweet scent of excitement.

I knew that I would have to fuck her longer later on, and I looked forward to that, but this was an orgy and I didn't intend to shortchange anyone in it. As I withdrew from Desiree, however, she definitely whimpered a bit, so I stuck several fingers in her cunt to pick up some of the slack. She bucked her hips in appreciation, and her pussy smelled even sweeter now. Now I thrust myself inside Tina, while sticking the digits of my left hand inside Blanca for the hell of it. I was fucking my Filipina and finger-fucking my Mexican and my Italian lovers for good measure, and I didn't sense any complaints at all. Nor did I have any of my own.

Finally, however, I withdrew from Tina and began pushing in and out of Blanca, my strokes more furious now that I could sense that my seed couldn't be held back much longer at all. The other girls decided to help out and that they did, Des spreading Blanca's cheeks to rim her ass, while Tina walked over to Blanca's face and shoved it into her crotch. This continued for just a few more seconds until Blanca tightened up on my cock and I spurted out my load at last.

Before I could say a thing, Des was on her knees, cleaning my cock of Blanca's sweet juices and Tina went behind Blanca to lick up all of my jizz. Blanca's orgasm that followed was clearly due to both my efforts and those of Tina and Des as well. It was a short, but intense one that manifested itself mostly in low guttural sounds, primordial in their essence, something that preceded Man's sapience and belonged more to our animal past. It was hard to deny that she had what Shakira called a "she-wolf" inside her. I certainly didn't mind her ravenous appetite for me.

Watching Des lick her lips after she cleaned off any traces of Blanca and my cum still on my cock, I couldn't believe just how sensual and sexy this fiancée of mine was. Any woman willing to taste another girl on her man's dick was definitely a keeper. I was overwhelmed and planted a searing kiss on her mouth, kissing her hard and inserting more than a little tongue as well. The fact that she still had some of my spunk in her mouth and on her tongue didn't bother me, as I just wanted to assert my love and lust for her. It took me a moment to let her go so she could breathe, and even then I saw my redhead catch her breath for a second before she spoke up.

"If that's all it takes to get a kiss like that, remind me to clean you off more often," Desiree smiled with a saucy tone that showed not disappointment, but eagerness.

I had no time to reply, as Tina gave me a lip lock now that nearly revved up my engines right then, so soon after my last encounter. That little Asian minx knew exactly what she was doing, of course. She wanted me primed and ready for a quickie later at work. She even admitted so later, and certainly hinted at it, as she winked at me, and then hurried to the vanity to freshen up for the job. She even stayed naked as long as possible, doing everything else before she put on her clothes, just to make it clear what she wanted.

Blanca then grabbed me, almost raped my mouth with her tongue, and tangled hers with mine for several seconds before releasing me at last. She clearly didn't want me to forget about her, as if I could. She also made a point of avoiding clothes until the last second, just to show off what she had for my pleasure.

One thing that I noticed, however, was that neither woman put on panties, nor did Desiree as she got dressed. I made a note that there seemed to be some kind of plot at work, and I would make sure to get to the bottom of it. I just had no idea of how literally true that would prove to be.

Everything seemed to be fairly normal, regular work day stuff for a few hours, of course, as there was still a lot to be done. Even horny folks like us still had to make ends meet, after all. The night before and the early morning seemed almost like a different day or a dream after a little while, but when noon struck, that all abruptly changed.

I was called to the boss's office, for some odd reason. I didn't quite get why, but I was about to find out. Liam Estrada was a strange man, though, half-Irish and half-Mexican, and he could definitely keep you guessing as to what made him tick. I was about to learn more than a little of just that.

"So, Ian, sit down, please. I hear great things about you. My niece tells me that you're a very passionate, enthusiastic member of our team. I am pleased to hear that, of course. You certainly seem that way, an excellent worker with a solid work ethic as well. I also want to thank you for helping my niece out with her problem," he smiled cryptically.

"Problem, sir?" I puzzled.

"Blanca has very strong drives, needs, even. She needs a man in her life who gets her, doesn't try to turn her into the good lady wife, but accepts her as what she is. My niece is a slut, plain and simple, and she needs a man who loves her just like that. We're more like brother and sister, she and I, since I'm only ten years her senior, but yes, I am Uncle Liam to her.

"Of course, we're not lovers, since she's related, but we're very close and we try to help each other out in various ways. I like that you're already engaged and that you can accept Tina in her life as well. Blanca would go crazy without Tina. I also know about your deal with Desiree about the black men and their lady, which is cool with me.

"Look, here is the deal. Technically, this could be construed as sexual harassment, but you've already fucked her and I think that you would be inclined to do so, anyway. Anyway, I know a few publishers and have pulled some strings to get you a much better set-up than here, of course. You're too good a man to waste working an ordinary job, no disrespect to my staff. I just want you to keep at what you're already doing and not stop. Well, that's not entirely true. I also want you to knock her up, and soon, since that is what she wants, and to consider this a part of your job, to take precedence over your normal duties. You might want to consider letting Tina and her move in with you, so you can be one big, happy family. Blanca has already said that she would like this, and from what she has told me, your fiancée and Tina are inclined to agree.

"So, anyway, feel free to take the rest of the day off as a personal day, and to consider this a very politely phrased order to do so. Blanca and Tina have plans for you, and I suspect, so does your fiancée. Go get 'em, tiger. We'll sort out the rest later. Congratulations. Blanca's a hell of a woman, and so are the other two, from what I can tell. You're one lucky vato, you hear?" he stood to shake my hand.

"Thank you, sir," I grinned.

"Oh, and Ian?" he said, before I could go.

"Yes, sir?" I puzzled now.

"You're fired. Technically. It's just a necessity, so we can get your severance package ready and can justify providing you with your paid vacation, which starts tomorrow. Report to your new job with Adler Publishing on the 14th. Monday morning, 8 am sharp. Don't be late. Becky Adler's a friend of mine and an heiress, but she insists on punctuality. She's also one of my favorite partners and I don't mix my lovers with Blanca's, so don't get any ideas. Now, go fuck my niece," Liam chuckled at his last remark.

"Zu befehl, Herr Hauptmann!" I clicked my heels like a Prussian and walked off to the sound of Liam's laughter behind me.

Chapter 7

Sure enough, Blanca and Tina were waiting for me, as was Desiree. I wasn't too surprised, as it wouldn't have been hard for Des to convince her bosses to let have the day off. From what Des told me of Bacchus, I guessed that he was likely game for anything that improved his own odds of getting into her panties. Felix and Tammy would have encouraged him in that direction, too, wanting their own taste of her. I was more right than I knew, of course.

"So, Bacchus gave you the day off, did he?" I greeted Des with a kiss, followed by Blanca and Tina.

"Well, he knows our plans now and wants to help out in any way that he can. Plus, I gave him a quickie. You don't mind, do you?" Des smiled at me, trusting that she knew me enough.

"Hey, we have an open relationship and already agreed to let you fuck him, and Felix, for that matter. Did you fuck him, too, yet?" I inquired out of curiosity.

"You bet your sweet ass, I did. Tammy wanted to eat me out, so I let her as well. Then I ate her out, of course, speaking of sweetness. That girl's ass is to die for! I think that she about fainted when I parted her cheeks and rimmed her without being asked. Her pussy is great, too. I told her that I would recommend eating her out to you, and she responded with a serious lip lock, after which she licked my butt, too. I came so hard that Felix had to put his cock in my mouth so as to silence me and not disturb the customers, Then Bacchus and Felix fucked her ass right in front of me, slower that time because they already came inside me. I'm still walking funny, as you can see," Des pointed to her slightly awkward pace.

"So I take it that you have their spunk inside you. I hope that you realize that if you get knocked up by either of them, it will be pretty obvious to your folks that you're not a good Catholic girl anymore. Then again, that will be clear when they saw the girls living with us. So we both need to just accept that the shit will hit the fan, sooner or later, and resolve to do our thing, anyway. It's our lives, not theirs," I observed.

"Oh, I agree, baby. Trust me, while I've been scared and nervous of becoming the black sheep of my family, I've come to the decision, partly with the help of you and the girls, partly with that of Liam, Bacchus, Felix, and Tammy, that life is too short to spend trying to placate my parents. It won't be easy, but they can take me or leave me, because this is what I am, a slut who loves her men enough to share them and herself enough to want fair play from them," Des made it clear what she thought.

"So, are you fucking Liam, too?" I probed, wondering if the man meant what he said about not sharing lovers with Blanca.

"Not yet. Blanca says that she has dibs on the first fuck with him. When she's done, the rest of us can ride that cowboy as much as we like," Des explained.

"Yes, but first we have to get my uncle past his silly incest taboo. Imagine that! Such a free spirit and old soul, and yet he's trapped in one pointless rule that don't amount to a bowl of black beans. Once that happens, by the way, he'll probably green light Becky Adler to fuck you, too. Did he tell you about her?" Blanca added.
