 Thunder cracked its fiery whip against the verdant landscape of the Orelas Valley as Elizabeth descended inside the cavernous gash of the cave mouth. Rain pelted her luscious figure as though it were a desperate admirer, plastering her silk burgundy dress against her body as she escaped its smothering embrace and conjured a bright green flame to illuminate her path. She shivered as she descended down the narrow passageway holding her flame close to her body to keep warm, rain dripping down her body while her shadow lurked behind her as it lewdly watched her curves jiggling in all the right places from her hurried strut. 

Even at a crucial moment like this, Elizabeth paused to vainly admire her outrageous curves in her finest dress as her breasts bounced excitedly in her dress, those large jiggling melons protruding proudly from her chest as they strained against the soft burgundy cloth plastered to them. Much to the envy of the other witches in her coven, Elizabeth possessed a body built to seduce, fuck, and breed but only entertained the idea of the first two. Her huge gravity-defying tits were only matched with the jaw-dropping splendor of her bubbly ass as her dress clung possessively against her rain drenched rear, jiggling erotically as she strutted her way magnificently into the small cave room and set her leather pack on top of an old table. 

With her conjured flame in hand, Elizabeth finally addressed the task of drying her exquisite dress. Her gloved hands glowed a sickly green as her flame expanded, directed by the outward motion of her digits as it gradually encompassed her body and disappeared. she let out a happy sigh as her dress swiftly dried, her nipples poking against the soft fabric as she straightened out her long black hair permeating the dampness of the cave with the soft scent of lavender. It was then, with her comfort finally attended to, that Elizabeth turned her classically beautiful face towards the monument of many months of research and work. 

Stalagmites stood like silent guards protecting the magical glyphs etched into the stone floor with chalk, their malevolent forms spread out into a perfect circle punctuated with the jagged slashes of a demonic symbol painted in a deep red. Candles burnt low atop the slim obsidian candleholders spaced evenly around the pentacle as smoke from spicy incense lazily hung in the damp air awaiting her approval. Elizabeth replaced those melted stubs, their successors dimly lighting the cave as she methodically set to work digging into her pack and producing an old leather-bound tome. 

Elizabeth couldn't help but let out a smug smile as she flipped to the bookmarked page and referred to the cracked parchment as she moved between the two stalagmites. Her fiercely intelligent green eyes glinted with a untamable hunger at the neatly organized vertical runes glittering the page with their promise of arcane supremacy. she cradled the book in her dainty hands, holding it with the devotion of a lover as she read the runes one more time before setting it back down upon the table. she gazed fondly at it, a forlorn product of the many months of searching and travelling to possess it. 

Satisfied with her reading, she strutted reverently around the pentacle, her ample breasts bouncing in her burgundy corset with each excited step as she basked in the exhilaration of her handiwork. She smiled cruelly and turned her green eyes downward at the heretical perfection before her, the herald of the mark she was about to leave upon the world and those who scorned her. She then got down on her hands and knees, an uncommon position for her prideful personality, her ass squishing lewdly against her ankles clad in ornate silk stockings as her plush lips parted; the focus of so many admiring glances that perversely wondered what it would feel like to have her painted dick-wrappers plunging to the base of their shaft or pleasing their clits. 

Elizabeth then began to breath deeply, her chest swelling with each inhale as she prepared herself mentally for the spell she was about to cast. She began by emitting a low sonorous chant that dripped with a malice as she hatefully spat the foul demonic incantation at the demonic centerpiece. Her voice became an otherworldly chant as a magical wind whipped around her raven hair whipped about her head as the fierce wind carried a warning that sought to deter her but nothing would stop her now. 

Her ambitious quest reached its crescendo of whipping winds and pulsating glyphs as her pentacle glowed with an eldritch crimson light, a thick oily smoke billowing from the perimeter of her blasphemous summoning circle. Her voice took on a lustful sigh, a power-hungry plea to the malevolent gods that ruled their hordes in the earth below to heed her call, her offers carried on the smoke laden winds that wiped the sweat away from her large chest and fled the cave through the narrow passage. 

It was then that her work finally reached its conclusion as a violet eldritch force suddenly burst against the ceiling of the cave, puncturing through the stone and seeking freedom in the storm raging outside. Smoke fled from the pentacle, escaping through the hole in the room as Elizabeth climbed to her feet, the force of the blast knocking her unceremoniously on her enticing ass. She regained her composure while she excitedly waited for the oily smoke to clear to reveal the demoness she had summoned. 

She stood a head taller than Elizabeth, her nude silver-grey skin glistening wetly in the rain pouring from the newly created skylight. Her black painted lips, high cheekbones, and flawless complexion gave her an exotic and otherworldly appeal that Elizabeth found herself subtly attracted to. Her breasts were even bigger than Elizabeth's, defying gravity as they swelled proudly from her chest and jiggled as she surveyed the cave, but what was the most off-putting to Elizabeth was the fact that the demoness sported a thick massive cock! 

Elizabeth gazed down at the silver-grey flaccid cock, flopping like an enormous albino whale against her toned thigh as the demoness grew harder at the sight of Elizabeth. Elizabeth found herself unable to pull her eyes away from the intricately tattooed swirls and runes that adorned the silver-gray foot-long cock as it pulsated and quivered with a life of its own; The wide shaft leaked a yellowish goo down its massive length and squished against her massive apple-sized ball sack. the demoness licked her painted black lips as she stared back at Elizabeth's luscious figure, her black hair billowing like a malevolent curtain around her as the wind poured from the skylight. 

Faint moonlight emanated from the skylight, draping her lewd body in its milky embrace, perverted beams sliding over her outrageously fuckable body in all its unholy splendor as she turned, stretched, and gazed up at the night sky. The intricate circular tattoos on her back rippled and briefly glowed violet as she tested the strength of the binding the pentacle had over her, feigning boredom as she gently bit her bottom lip and subtly spewed a translucent cloud of her rich pheromones into the damp air of the cave. 

Elizabeth continued to stare at the pulsating shaft, the seemingly hypnotic swirls and runes blotted out all other distractions as a lewd hunger bloomed in her chest. Before she knew it, she found herself on her knees, salivating at the thought of pressing her face against the hardened and breathing in her scent before she plunged every inch down her throat and gulped down every... 

It seems you like what you see.. 

Elizabeth looked up at the demoness, whose sensual voice in her head broke her out of her blatant display of ball gazing, and uncharacteristically blushed. Elizabeth swallowed audibly, standing up to regain her composure and taking great pains to avoid being entranced by the pulsating mass of thick girlmeat swaying between those generous thighs. She gazed upwards at the demoness's face, seeing her paint lips stretch into a knowing smirk as she coyly winked at Elizabeth. 

"I've never summoned...such a beautiful creature like you that had something...l-like that, " Elizabeth stammered out, inwardly ridiculing herself for her lack of a dignified response. Whether Elizabeth knew it or not, the inexorable tide of pheromones reeking from that bobbing girlmeat were beginning to take its toll on her. 

There's no shame in staring especially from a beautiful human like you. But if you prefer being boring, i suppose i can just introduce myself and politely wonder why a perfectly raunchy and achingly fuckable thing like you summoned me for. 

Despite her rock-hard shaft pulsating in Elizabeth's direction, the demoness took a moment to stare haughtily at Elizabeth's handiwork, her lavender eyes rapidly inspecting each glyph and line in her intricately woven summoning circle looking for any weakness or flaw in her work. 

My name is Kaalia and you, my dear, have a lot of explaining to do. why did you summon me...and how? 

Kaalia crossed her arms in front of her ample chest, her black areolas squished against her tattooed forearms as she waited impatiently for Elizabeth's reply. 

"How i summoned you is unimportant. Why i summoned you is simple; I bound you to my service to complete a task i want done," replied Elizabeth with a touch of steel in her voice. She began to feel strange, her vision becoming hazy as she took one step back, her palm pressed to her forehead as she fought to gain control over the situation. 

But it is so important, Elizabeth, it's just as important as you are. For countless generations, i've been spared the indignity of being summoned and bound to the whims of humanity and then suddenly, a sexy slut like yourself discovered the ability to do just that. 

Kaalia strutted casually towards Elizabeth, her thick shaft pressing against Elizabeths dress forcing her to feel its heat as it pulsed against her stomach. Kaalia cupped Elizabeths face with the palms of her hands, brushing a lock of her hair affectionately out of her face as she said, 

You did something no one else has done for a very long time...i like that...and i get so horny when i like things... 

Before Elizabeth realized that Kaalia stepped outside the summoning circle without her permission, Kaalia pressed her face against her massive tits and moaned softly, her voice carried on the turbulent winds that rushed outside the cave. Elizabeth found herself feeling stiflingly hot as Kaalia's breasts squished and ground against her face, her thighs becoming slick with arousal as she suddenly felt her daringly low-cut dress becoming a prison that her body desperately wanted to be free of. Her very air was tainted with Kaalia's pheromones as she found herself kissing and sucking on Kaalia's silver areolas, her hands hanging limply at her sides and her knees weakened as lust coiled inside her body. 

Elizabeth felt a brief surge of panic, realizing with a small jolt that she was under Kaalia's spell. She tried desperately to pull away, her hands coming up to push away Kaalia's massive fuck-jugs out of her face but she made the critical mistake of inhaling another waft of Kaalia's pheromones and ceased resisting. Elizabeth was completely docile, her eyes half-lidded with lust over as she fervently resumed licking, sucking, and now groping every inch of Kaalia's tits that her devious tongue could reach, her panic overwhelmed by the chemical surging in her blood. 

Kaalia's magnificent tits became Elizabeths entire world as she lavished every ounce of affection she could on those massive orbs. Her tongue tingled pleasurably as she drank down mouthfuls of creamy milk from her large fuck-udders, moaning in between cupfuls of delicious warm milk. She felt herself mentally sliding downward, her life consisting nothing more than sucking and licking these perfect breasts. She sighed blissfully, a muffled noise that made Kaalia smirk as she accepted her role as Kaalia's milk-sucking fuck-bunny. She could hear Kaalia moan now as she hugged her close, their bodies intertwined like a pair of lovers as Elizabeth found herself metaphorically tangled up deeper inside Kaalia's well-spun web. 

It tastes so delicious, doesn't it? each mouthful you drink, each time it slides down your throat and pools into your stomach...perfect bliss...you're such a good girl, Elizabeth. you must have worked so hard for this...you need my bliss... 

Elizabeth found herself blankly nodding, not even noticing Kaalia tear a hole in the middle of her dress and slide her thick shaft up between her large breasts, a thick line of precum slithering down between Elizabeths heavenly cleavage. All Elizabeth could focused on was being that good little fuck-bunny that swallowed Kaalia's thick creamy milk, unable to notice Kaalia's influence in her thoughts as she carefully began to mold Elizabeth. 

If Elizabeth were in her proper state of mind, she would have remembered the dangers of interacting with female demons. beyond their seductive appearance and temperament, they were masters of re-shaping the mind of their victims into submissive sex-addled fuck-dolls completely addicted to them. It was this exact danger that Elizabeth felt herself susceptible to as she scarfed down another creamy load of milk, her blank eyes staring at nothing as she moaned loudly, a puddle of her juices forming between her legs. 

Kaalia strategically chose this time to pull her massive tits and cock away from Elizabeth, leaving her gasping and completely addled. 

Now, you'll tell me where you learned how to summon me, right my love? 

Elizabeth stumbled back a few steps as she struggled to regain her balance, swaying gently in place as her breath came out in a mixture of moans and gasps as she struggled desperately to regain her composure. Nothing was going the way it should be and it was that anxiety that propelled Elizabeth back to her senses as the mist lifted from her eyes and she regained some semblance of control over herself. 

"H-how did you get out...Y-you shouldn't have been allowed out of the pentacle, " She stammered out, fear hammering in her chest as every gasp made her large tits heave and bounce softly in the confines of her dress. 

Oh that? Sweetie, I broke free of that thing before i even got hard staring at your bimboesque body. That was a finely crafted circle, it really was, but it wasn't up to snuff...i guess it's my turn to bind something! 

With a laugh that echoed menacingly throughout Elizabeth's mind, Kaalia's thick fuckpole exuding a thick cloud of potent aphrodisiac-laced pheromones all over the moderate confines of the cave room. Elizabeth felt her knees weaken as panic began to settle in, looking at the scorched ground where her blasphemous hope once etched itself into the floor. she wanted to turn and run back up the slick narrow passageway of the cave to the rain-drenched landscape beyond but it was already too late. 

Her nostrils flared as she took in Kaalia's thick pheromone laced musk, clearly intoxicated as a thin layer of sweat swiftly covered her body. She began to breathe rapidly and unevenly as the pheromones wafting from Kaalia's thick broodmare battering ram began to take its toll once more on her mental faculties. She could barely understand what was happening to her, thought and reason becoming a foreign concept as she sank to her knees, her breasts jiggling wildly in her rich burgundy dress as her thick ass pressed against the back of her feet. 

That's it, My love! Breath my love deep inside your lungs, feel it grip your body in my loving embrace. It's okay to let yourself go...to be my mindless little slave, if it feels this good...it can't be bad.. 

"Nooo...mmmmmmggghhuuh...," Elizabeth moaned out as her left hand pulled the sopping fabric of her black lacey panties away, her tongue lolling out of her mouth and lazily licking her lips as she sank two fingers of her right hand deep inside her aching quim. Her eyes rolled back inside her head briefly as she moaned, her fingers squelching deeper inside her pussy as the demoness continued to telepathically speak to her. Elizabeth tried desperately to resist the pleasure roaring through her body but she was just as powerless as before and deep down, a twisted part of herself that she never knew existed loved it. 

Such a perfect broodmare...so greedy, so needy, so consumed with desire that you didn't even think of the consequences. You won't ever have luxuries like thinking like that ever again... cum for me, my love... 

Elizabeth groaned, spraying her own juices all over the stone floor as the Demoness closed the distance between them and firmly cupped Elizabeth's flushed face. Her soft dainty hands began to glow a deep eldritch purple as Kaalia's thick cock pressed against Elizabeth's nose, invading her nostrils with the overwhelming scent of the her thick pheromone-laced cum. Elizabeth tried to resist briefly, her fingers sliding out from her wet pussy to force Kaalia's hands away from her face, but like a puppet with its strings cut, her hands fell to her her sides as her eyes glowed with the eldritch hue of Kaalia's spell. Kaalia then began to slide her massive phallus up and down the center of Elizabeth's flawless face, defiling her with thick splatters of yellowish precum. 

Let me inside your head, Elizabeth. I can teach you how to accept my love and all my gifts. i can do things to you that you've never dreamed before...all you need to do is show me how you learned to summon me...one little thing for an eternity of bliss, of love, of lust... 

This was supposed to be a personal triumph for Elizabeth, where months of plotting and research bore the sweetest fruit that would allow her ambitions to become a scorching reality. Instead she was on her knees like a tavern whore, a thick foot-long cock grinding against her face as she orgasmed helplessly in the grip of a demoness that she attempted to control. If she could even form a free thought at this point, she would have felt the same shame and disgust her former masters would have felt at such a massive failure. 

But all Elizabeth was allowed to feel was just how dirty and worthless she was, her entire being slowly becoming twisted and perverted by Kaalia's demonic influence as the demoness dug deeper inside her head, searching for the knowledge she desperately longed for. 

It seems you have such delicious fetishes. I wonder if the order knew they have such a slut among their coven. Maybe that's why you are such an obvious failure to them...all you did was spend your time dreaming about sexual things like sliding your hands down Serena Silverwings corset and groping her large breasts instead of learning to properly drawing out a summoning circle. 

"Get out of my head...please, that's not true!" Elizabeth mewled, demonic sperm dripping down her chin and splattering all over her magnificent cleavage. She shuddered at the sensation, whether from pleasure or disgust she couldn't tell. Her entire identity was being altered, part of her desperately trying to hang onto whatever shreds of her being were unmolested by Kaalia's corrosive influence, but a twisted portion of her ached for Kaalia to mindfuck her into submission and enslave what was left of her. She could feel that hunger for cum, for mind-melting rape sessions that would leave her an insensate wreck beginning to overpower her, and it was a stroke of luck for Elizabeth that Kaalia finally let go over her face and withdrew her influence from her raped mind. 

So many delicious thoughts to pervert, so much to play with and to taint, Said Kaalia, stretching her arms above her head and letting her cock pull away from Elizabeth's face. Thick strands of hot goo connected the demoness's cock with Elizabeth's gasping face, the latter still reeling from the effects of having her mind plundered and altered against her will. 
