 [This story is much darker and more plot-driven than my other ones. This first chapter is mostly scene-setting; later chapters will have a lot more action (both sexual and violent). Warning: there is both incest and gory violence in this story, although not at the same time. All characters involved in sexual situations are aged 18 or over.] 

The sky was darkening on the horizon as the last pale light of the sun faded. Grey clouds glowered over the great grassy sweep of the prairie, threatening rain. Lonely trees swayed in the wind amid the sea of green, leafless in the late autumn air. There was a persistent low rumble in the distance, and every now and then, an ominous flash of light. Tall black plumes of smoke rose over the fields as the distant guns roared. 

In a hollow beside a low green hill, two naked figures lay together in a clearing of flattened grass. A narrow stream ran through the clearing, and the soft trickle of water could be heard even over the rumble of the guns. Spindly, skeletal trees dotted the hillside like grey watchmen. The wind sighed through the grass, making the tall green stalks sway in gently rippling waves. The cool air carried a faint smell of smoke.

Marie and Luther were curled up beside the stream. Their rumpled clothes were strewn on the ground around them, and their pale skin gleamed softly in the evening light, lightly flecked with shreds of grass. Their limbs were entwined as they shared a long, deep kiss. The flashes of the distant battle cast dim shadows over them.

Luther's hands caressed Marie's face and stroked through her long black hair as he kissed her. His tongue moved delicately in her mouth; he savoured her sweetness as her fingers brushed his shoulders and traced over the muscles of his back. He felt the firm warmth of her long, slender legs as they pressed against his own, and the smooth skin of her lean belly. When they broke the kiss, Marie's breath was heavy with exertion. They had just finished making love, and Luther's semen dripped warm and white from Marie's vulva.

"Again?" Luther asked gently. He gazed contentedly into Marie's pale blue eyes as he brushed a stray strand of hair away from her face.

Marie nodded silently, and kissed him again, her lips soft and sweet against his. She leaned back languorously on the soft carpet of crushed grass. Luther looked down at her nude body in wonder. She was tall and delicate, her limbs long and alabaster-pale. Her breasts were smallish, but delightfully round and pert, with neat pink nipples that were only a shade darker than her skin. Her face was gently beautiful; her cheekbones were high and elegant, accentuating her small sharp chin. Even now, as she looked up at Luther with a soft smile, there was a hint of sadness in her pretty eyes.

"Go easy, Luther," she said. Her voice was shy and, as always, a little uncertain.

"Of course, love," Luther replied as he knelt between her parted legs. He gazed at the pale hairless mound of her vulva, marvelling at its smoothness. Her soft pink labia gleamed wet with arousal. Another white droplet of Luther's come dripped from the delicate opening of her vagina.

Luther eased himself carefully on top of Marie, kissing her breasts and her long graceful neck. His penis, still glistening from fucking her just minutes before, was hardening once again. His foreskin slipped back over the thick wet head as his shaft grew long and stiff. His breath came quick and harsh with desire as he embraced her. The tip of his erection teased against the damp lips of her pussy, a wonderful provocative sensation. Marie sighed in pleasure, and she looked up at him with quiet anticipation.

Luther gave his younger sister a long passionate kiss as he slid into her. He felt her tremble and heard her gasp with joy. She was very tight, almost painfully so, the wet walls of her vagina throbbing around his cock. He moved inside her in long, slow strokes, grunting softly as the distant gunfire illuminated the clearing. Marie's small, strong hands clutched at his back, and her slender hips bucked underneath him. Luther loved the little sighs and whimpers of pleasure that she made as he fucked her.

Their passion intensified as the evening breeze whispered around them. Marie cried out, straining her body as her brother thrust deep inside her. He was kissing her and caressing her neck while she twisted under him in mounting ecstasy. The moist heat of her pussy was exquisite around his thrusting cock, so soft and yet so tight. He clutched one of her breasts, squeezing the firm flesh hard and making her hiss in surprise.

Marie's breath was quick and shallow as she approached climax. Luther could feel the telltale tremors run through his sister's legs, and saw her lovely eyes become drowsy and unfocused. She gave a long moan and clung onto Luther tighter than ever. He sped up his rhythm, feeling her wet pussy pulsating against his cock. "I love you," he whispered in her ear, holding her close so he could kiss her on the lips.

She came in a great shudder, her whole body convulsing in helpless pleasure as Luther kissed and stroked her. Too enraptured to speak, she moaned and whimpered as the orgasm surged through her. Luther felt the wet gush of her juices flow over his cock. It was too much for him, and as Marie lay back trembling on the grass, he ejaculated inside her with a long groan of ecstasy. He kept thrusting into her fast and hard while his cock spat semen in hot thick spurts.

Finally, his passion exhausted, Luther relaxed on top of Marie. His softening penis was still inside her. They stared into each other's eyes, breathless, listening to the thunder of their heartbeats and the faraway growl of gunfire. Luther's hands found Marie's breasts again, and he leant his head forward to kiss her on the lips. She kissed him back, still trembling, and reached out her hand to stroke his short, sweat-damp dark hair.

"You made me come, Luther," Marie whispered. She stroked one of her bare, elegant feet against Luther's leg as they lay twined together. The hot sweet reek of sex was rising between them.

"I know, sweetheart. I felt it."

"It was lovely." She gazed over Luther's shoulder at the gathering grey clouds. A string of dim orange flashes lit the horizon, and a moment later a series of low booms shook the clearing. "I want it again. I want us to stay here."

"You know we can't," Luther said. With great reluctance, he slipped out of Marie and reclined beside her on the grass. His cock hung long and flaccid against his thigh, dangling a glistening string of come.

"Why not?" Marie's beautiful eyes were sad again. "They don't know we're here."

"We've got a job to do, love. Business before pleasure." He tried to sound cheerful, but he felt a quiet gloom growing inside him. The two of them had crossed the prairie for hours looking for a hiding-place, while their allies fought a losing battle against the enemy in the distance. It had been wonderful finding this secluded clearing, and enjoying a few sweet moments together. He earnestly wished they could stay.

"Can't we at least get dressed?" Marie asked. 

"It won't make much difference if we do." Luther could hear the gunfire growing louder. The battle was moving in their direction, as they'd been told it would. Half the sky was a smoky red from the fires, and the smell of burning was getting stronger. They lay there in silence for a while, listening to the enemy approach. Luther's warm seed still trickled from Marie's vagina, and their bare skin was still flushed and dappled with sweat, but the contentment was gone from their eyes. They both knew what was coming.

There was a sudden roar of engines, and then a fighter jet screamed low overhead. Its afterburners glowed bright against the evening sky.

"That isn't one of ours, is it." Marie said glumly. It wasn't a question.

Luther sat up, resting one hand gently on his sister's delicate flank as he squinted after the fast-receding aircraft. "No," he sighed, and gently patted Marie's breast. "Sorry, love. I think it's time to get to work."

"Can you get it?"

"You should, Marie." His voice was apologetic but firm. "It's your first time."

Marie cursed softly and sat up beside her brother. Luther moved to put his arm around her, but she lightly pushed him away. She narrowed her eyes at the jet, which was now just a bright speck in the smoky distance.

The air around her lovely face shimmered with sudden heat. The long grass began to smoulder, blackening and shrivelling up as small flames flickered to life across the clearing. Then Marie's pale blue eyes lit up a brilliant solar white, illuminating the surrounding prairie as if the night had flicked back into day. There was a sound like a distorted thunderclap, a flash of something that was not lightning, and then the whole clearing was on fire. The skeletal trees ignited in sudden flares, crumbling swiftly into ash. Surging flames devoured the grass as the little stream flashed into vapour. Luther and Marie's discarded clothes were consumed instantly. But at the heart of the firestorm, the two naked siblings were not even singed. Marie's long black hair blew around in the thermal updrafts, unburnt.

Luther and Marie rose slowly to their feet, barely noticing the raging inferno on every side. Upright, they were both very tall, almost inhumanly so. Their eyes were locked on the darkening horizon. The enemy jet had burst into a bright scatter of flaming wreckage; the sound of its destruction reached them with a dull crash. The fragments traced burning orange trails as they fell, like shooting stars.

"Make a wish, Luther," Marie whispered. Tears gleamed in her eyes.

*

It would be wrong to say they fought the enemy that night. The word "fight" implies a struggle, some sort of challenge. Rather, Marie and Luther walked naked through the fields, and the enemy died by the thousands trying to slow them down.

After they left the burning remains of the clearing, the enemy located them by air and tried to encircle them. The earlier battle was abandoned, and the siblings' beleaguered allies were able to flee as the enemy diverted everything they had. Brigades of tanks and hard-faced infantry bulldozed their way through the prairie towards the two nude figures. Aircraft laden with missiles buzzed overhead before screaming down on attack runs. Artillery shells burst on every side, gouging ragged craters in the earth, spraying the siblings with dirt and shrapnel. None of it made a bit of difference. 

The evening sky flared a monstrous searing white, again and again and again, as Marie and Luther turned their killing gaze on the enemy. Tanks melted into pools of glowing slag. Drones and jets disintegrated in bright blossoms of red and orange. Human beings tore apart like burning, screaming matchstick figures. The windswept prairie burned in miles-long swathes of fire that devoured anything the siblings left alive. Around midnight, the heavy clouds finally broke into a thunderstorm, but the downpour could not quench the towering flames, and the sporadic flashes of lightning were almost invisible amid the dreadful light of the siblings' nuclear eyes.

Dawn broke over a smoking black wasteland that stretched as far as the eye could see. Nothing remained standing save for a few blackened and smouldering treetrunks on the horizon. Massive craters had been gouged in the hillsides. Charred bones and chunks of half-melted wreckage stuck out of the churned soil. In some places, the ground had turned to cracked and steaming glass.

Marie and Luther walked hand-in-hand across the killing fields, naked and dirty but unharmed. Jagged fragments of metal and bone crunched under their bare feet. A haze of smoke swirled around them in the mournful wind. Luther was gently leading Marie onwards, guiding her around the deeper craters and whispering reassuring words to her. Marie clung to her brother's hand and walked with her head hung. Tears ran down her delicate cheeks.

"I'm sorry," she sobbed, over and over again, to the empty air. "I'm sorry. God, I'm so sorry."

"Hush, sweetheart," Luther told her softly. "Don't cry."

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry."

"Don't cry. We chose this, Marie," he said, his tone kind but stern. "Remember?"

"Yes," she said through her tears. "I remember."

*

They returned to a hero's welcome. After their side's satellites located them, a big jumpjet came roaring out of the overcast sky to retrieve them. The crew clapped and cheered as they boarded, one man wolf-whistling when he saw Marie's bare breasts. They were given blankets and mugs of hot tea. "You two were amazing," a female crewmember said as they lifted off, grinning at the tall naked siblings with obvious lust. "We saw it from the satellites. You smashed them to fucking pieces. They couldn't even slow you down! And you did it naked!" She laughed delightedly. Luther thanked her in a dull quiet voice; Marie just stared blankly out the window. From above, the prairie that they'd burned looked like a gaping black wound.

The jumpjet took them to some anonymous mountain airbase, where they showered in a private cabin and dressed themselves in clean plain clothes. Then they were debriefed by a group of officers who couldn't stop congratulating them. Luther heard it all in dim fragments, as if he was only half present.

"Incredible performance...tore them apart...saved our lives...at least twenty thousand dead, probably more...the bastards must be terrified...get some rest...come back and finish the job..."

Luther just stood there in silence. He kept glancing at his sister, who was visibly holding back tears as the officers droned on.

A few hours later, they were shepherded onto a sleek hypersonic, which rocketed them across the continent in half an hour. Night turned back into clear blue day as the aircraft roared around the curve of the Earth. When they landed at the airport outside their home city, there was a massive crowd waiting for them on the runway. People chanted their names, threw confetti, held up huge signs saying WELCOME HOME HEROES and GOD BLESS and WE LOVE THE PEACEMAKERS. Teenagers of both genders screamed their undying love for the siblings; girls flashed their perky tits at Luther and boys yelled "Have my babies, Marie!" Journalists swarmed round them to take photographs and shout frantic questions.

"How many did you kill? Is it true you fought the entire battle naked? Is it true the enemy is now in full retreat? Has there been any word from your home in orbit? Marie -- what do you say to the rumours of your pregnancy?"

A group of security guards and military liaisons shoved the cameras away and guided Luther and Marie through the adoring crowds. Walking along in their understated clothes, the siblings stood head and shoulders taller than their entourage. The cheers from the throng grew louder and louder. "Wave to them, love," Luther whispered to Marie. "They're expecting it."

They waved half-heartedly as they approached the waiting limousine. Confetti rained down on them; several shrieking adolescent girls threw their bras. Helicopters and camera drones hovered in the cloudless blue sky, filming the whole thing. Luther put a protective arm around his sister, eliciting a chorus of cheers and wolf-whistles from the onlookers.

Suddenly, a bearded man ran out into the path of the entourage. He was dishevelled, wild-eyed and screaming to be heard over the crowd. "Monsters!" he howled. "Murderers! Demons! You don't fool me, you don't fool me!" There was something black and glinting in his hands.

Several security men bustled forward to tackle the madman. There was a rattle of gunfire, and abruptly three of the men were sprawled motionless on the floor, while another was kneeling in a pool of blood, moaning in agony. Marie gasped and clutched her brother's arm. The crowd screamed and backed away, dropping their placards and bouquets of flowers. The entourage scattered for cover. The air was full of gunsmoke and windblown confetti.

"Monsters, monsters!" the gunman screamed again, and he fired a wild volley at Luther and Marie. A bullet bounced off Luther's eyeball. It felt like a raindrop; he blinked in irritation. Marie was hit several times, her plain blue dress riddled with bullet holes. She looked fearfully at Luther, still clutching his arm. "Don't hurt him," she pleaded softly. The crowd was shrieking and stampeding away from them over the tarmac.

The madman had run out of ammunition. Yelling incoherently, he charged at the siblings, raising his empty rifle over his head like a club. He swung the gun at Marie, who flinched back. Luther stepped protectively in front of his sister, towering over the attacker. He knew he couldn't use his nuclear eyes on the man, not with so many civilians nearby. But he didn't have to.

"Murderers!" the ragged man wailed as he swung his rifle again, almost sobbing. "Monst-"

Luther hit him, a quick sharp punch to the chest. The man exploded as if struck by a tank shell. His insides splattered red and purple over the tarmac as bone fragments sprayed out like shrapnel. A severed arm came to rest a good thirty feet away. Blood sprayed Luther's face and soaked his shirt. Marie was splattered too, and she gave a little moan of dismay. The onlookers' screams intensified as they backed away even further.

"Sorry, sis," Luther said to Marie. "Had to. Couldn't let him hurt people."

The look she gave him in response was so full of grief it was as if he'd killed her too.

*

The police and paramedics arrived in a cacophony of sirens to disperse the crowd and clean up the mess. The siblings were given fresh clothes and then ushered into their limousine by the remnants of their entourage. A military public-relations man in a fancy suit sat opposite them and muttered furiously as the chauffeur drove them into the city. 

"I told them it was a bad fucking idea to let the proles so close! If we'd had a proper security cordon we could have caught that retard a mile off. Now we've got three of our guys dead, another critical, and a million dumb fuckers just saw you turn the killer into paste! God, this is going to be a nightmare to spin, the public isn't supposed to know you're that strong. You're supposed to be heroes, not fucking meat grinders!"

"Sorry," Luther said calmly. "Just trying to protect the crowd."

"Yeah, I get it. Fuck. At least you didn't use your eyes on him. That would have melted the whole fucking airport." The PR man sighed. "Look, I'll make some calls. We can still spin this right. You were defending the public from a madman, lethal force the only option, yadda yadda yadda. You might have to answer some dumb fucking questions at the press conference, but we can coach you for that. We'll call the nutjob an enemy sympathizer, make sure nobody can paint him as a martyr..."

The man babbled on, and Luther found himself tuning out. People always talked a lot around him. Maybe to cover up how afraid they were.

The limousine raced through the city, escorted by a police motorcade. The sunlit roads were closed and every street light set to green for their return. Luther had hoped the crowds of well-wishers would have dispersed after the incident at the airport, but to his dismay, a cheering throng still lined the broad leafy avenues. Some of them had even improvised new placards after hearing the news, spray-painted with slogans like PEACEMAKERS 1, TRAITORS 0 and HE DESERVED IT. The PR man grinned at the sight, but Marie cast her eyes downwards and mumbled, "Oh, no."

"Just ignore them, love," Luther told her gently. "They don't know what they're talking about."

They reached their tower some time later. A soaring needle of white and silver, gleaming brilliantly in the sunlight, it shone like a beacon among the drab concrete and tinted glass of the surrounding skyscrapers. An immense crystal sphere balanced gracefully atop it. It wasn't an Earthly structure -- no mere human engineering could produce something so sleek and delicate-looking and yet so strong. It had been a gift from Luther and Marie's home up above.
