 There is an old saying that any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic, and the gender transformation machines are a fine example of this. When scientists announced that a new device could change every aspect of a person's gender, including the DNA of every cell, in only 15 minutes, it created an incredible stir. In fact, there was no way for any medical test to determine who had been transformed and who had been born that way. More of a stir was created when the scientists figured out a way that transformations could be pre-set to reverse themselves at predetermined times. And even more of a stir was created when the price of the transformation came down so much that it was no more than the cost of a meal at a moderately priced restaurant. Then the pundits, the talk show hosts and the newspaper and magazine writers really went to town.

One of the things they discussed endlessly was why five times as many men as women were interested in experiencing what it was like to change sex. Moreover, most women either tried it once and then never tried it gain, or in rare cases changed their gender permanently. But a huge number of men changed into women again and again, and twenty times as many men as women changed their gender permanently. What did this mean? What did it indicate about the sexes in general and the roles of the sexes in our society? Why were so few women interested in being a man even for a day, while so many men passionately desired to become women frequently, or even permanently?

Jon read about the new technology with great interest because he long had wanted to experience what it was like to become a woman. He had always admired the female form, and often had wondered what it would be like to have a sexy female body, even if only for a few hours. He begged his wife, Tiffany, that he be allowed to give it a try, for just one evening, and that they make love while he was a woman. 

But always her reply was an emphatic "no". After all, she was happy with things the way they were, and she was not a lesbian; she did not want to make love with another woman. "Jon - can we play our dress-up games as often as you want - we both think you look sexy in my panties and bras - why don't we just take the dressing further? You could continue to wear my panties and bras, and I would put a wig and makeup on you. You could pretend to be a woman and I would make love with you that way." 

While wearing feminine clothing was fine, Jon wanted the real

thing. Panties and bras was not enough - Jon wanted to have something to put into them, rather than for him - and her as well? - to pretend he was a girl. He wanted to see what it was like to become one. 

He wanted to try having breasts and a pussy, so he tried long and hard to change Tiffany's mind: "Do you find women ugly? Repulsive? You often give fake "peck" kisses to your girlfriends, often hug them, and even walk arm in arm together. Do you really cringe at the thought of touching or kissing me as a woman? You often admire female beauty. Besides, you are extremely passionate and sensual - you love sex, and in general you like variety when we have sex. You might well like it." 

Tiffany admitted that she often touched and looked at women and that she considered them beautiful. But this was normal for a woman in our society. She admitted that she did not find the idea of kissing another woman repulsive. But making love was very different. 

Besides, what would their friends think if Jon became a woman and they went out together? She did not want everyone to think that she was a lesbian, or that she could not keep her man happy sexually. Tiffany also had another fear, one that she did not share with Jon. In terms of his sexual stamina, Jon was average for a man. But Tiffany was so passionate that after she wore Jon out sexually, coming several times herself, and he went to sleep, she often masturbated for long periods. She did not want to admit to Jon - or even to herself - that maybe if Jon were a woman he could keep up with her sexually. 

Plus, just because she was so passionate, found women attractive, liked Jon in a bra and panties, and liked different kinds of sex certainly did not mean that she was a lesbian, she told herself again and again. She always came with Jon, often twice, and always thought about heterosexual lovemaking when she masturbated.

Finally, as Jon's birthday approached, after a huge amount of begging, and after he repeatedly said that if she tried it once for a few hours he would "owe her big time", Tiffany agreed. "But only one time. And we will stop any time I say to - even if it is after one light kiss. And if we do stop early you won't complain about it afterwards." Jon readily agreed.

Jon got off work that Friday at 5:00 pm, drove to the Transformation Center, and was fully transformed by 6:00. Per his agreement with Tiffany, he had requested the minimum possible length of a transformation - 12 hours. After 12 hours he would automatically switch back to being a man.

The transformation started almost immediately after the machine was turned on. The first signs were that his body hair fell out and his breasts started to tingle. After less than a minute he noticed his nipples were getting larger and more sensitive, and his skin was getting softer all over, especially on his chest. He was getting more feminine by the minute. Each minute he watched his nipples, areola, and breasts grow, and in another minute his chest was more girlish than guyish. He marveled how it was so unfair that women had two more erogenous zones than men. Jon was thrilled to now be getting them too! He got excited as his body got soft and curvy, and his chest developed a beautiful A, cup and then a B cup. He watched with fascination as his waist curved in and his cock turned into a clit. His hair got longer and softer and he felt and looked pretty.

Jon stared at his new body in a full length mirror. After only 10 minutes the transformation was astonishing - almost magic. So this is what he would have looked like if he had been born a woman? He had always wondered. The result was very nice looking. Sensuous, with a full C cup figure. Not quite as sexy as Tiffany, but he sure was cute. As a man he had always loved the female form - so of course he loved his new body. He noted with a grin that he would happily "do" himself if only it were possible. 

He was the same height as Tiffany, with similar breasts. They could share bras - only for real now - wouldn't that be intimate! And, maybe it was a good thing that Tiffany had overall a slightly curvier body and a more beautiful face. But maybe his hair was a bit nicer? He was at least average looking, in fact, better. On a 10 point scale he was a 7, which was wonderful, but while Tiffany was at least an 8, maybe a 9. Maybe Tiffany would not feel threatened by the new Jon? 

Jon rubbed his hands over his breasts and pussy, and even was able to lick his nipples. They felt indescribably good - nothing like he had ever felt before. Jon marveled that women did not spend all day playing with themselves! He - she - was having a great time, but was taking care not to come. He wanted to save that for Tiffany. Jon had to admit that he felt sexier than he ever had felt - but surely this was due to the fact that this was all so new. He felt strange putting on the panties and bra he had remembered to bring. But he felt embarrassed putting on the T shirt and jeans that he had been wearing because they now were too big. He had forgotten to bring new outer clothing and he knew that he looked like a sloppy mess in Jon's old clothing. 

Jon returned home and knocked on the door with a pounding heart. He was so scared of rejection he started to shake. But Tiffany welcomed Jon back home with a big smile and stared at the figure in the too-large clothing for a long time. She examined every detail of his face and head (his body was well covered by his way-too-large and rumpled clothing, and hard to view well). Tiffany raised her hands and started to run them through Jon's hair, softly using her fingers to brush it a bit, which calmed him (actually, her) down. "Your hair is so soft and beautiful. Your face is so pretty - much prettier than it used to be." This got a smile from Jon. "I bet your lips are softer too." And with this she lightly touched her lips to Jon's. And then she kissed him a little bit harder.

After this Tiffany settled in for a long, sensuous kiss. Minutes passed, during which they explored each others' mouths. And then more minutes passed in the same kiss. Suddenly Jon realized that he was enjoying this kiss more than he ever had enjoyed a kiss, and his eyes were closed, just like a woman. This pleased him. He was a man in a woman's body, but he was starting to experience sex the way a woman did. 

Tiffany then resumed running her hands through his shoulder length hair, while they kissed some more and Jon reflected that this was longer than they had ever kissed in the years they had known each other. The old Jon would long ago have dived down to her breasts or would even be in her by now. But he wanted this kiss, the best in his life, to go on forever. 

Jon then felt himself start to get wet, and he felt his nipples getting erect! Not his cock - that did not exist any more, but his nipples! Then Jon started to gasp with passion. And Tiffany had only touched him above the neck! Jon had to break off the kiss to breathe. He had never writhed and moaned from a kiss before, had never felt like this from only a kiss. What would come next!

Tiffany smiled and said, "Calm down, girl! You have to get used to a higher level of pleasure. I'll take it slowly. Well, let's look at all of you. Please!" Jon calmed down and slowly took off all his clothes, feeling like a piece of meat as he shyly turned around. 

Tiffany walked up to him and gently placed her arms around Jon's neck and kissed him slightly harder, and then more passionately. At first their bodies did not really touch, but as she held him tighter their breasts pressed tighter and tighter together. Finally their entire bodies pressed together - Jon naked and Tiffany fully clothed. After another 5 minutes - which seemed like hours - Tiffany broke off the kiss and said, "I'm going to call you Jenny. From now on. OK?" Jon - Jenny - nodded. 

They resumed kissing, and Tiffany again stroked Jenny's hair, and their kisses soon turned into caressing. Jenny was relieved that Tiffany seemed to be enjoying herself. But Jenny did not want to spoil things by taking it too fast or by pressuring Tiffany to do anything too quickly, especially unfamiliar actions like feeling Jenny's breasts, rear, or cunt. So Jenny took the active role, but did so very slowly.

Jenny gently led Tiffany to their bedroom and pushed her onto the bed they had shared as husband and wife. After undressing her and planting many more kisses all over Tiffany's body, just the way she liked it, Jennifer made oral love to a writhing Tiffany, who came quickly. Jenny then used her fingers on Tiffany's clit while sucking on her breasts and she came again. Was it Jenny's imagination, or had Tiffany come much more strongly than when Jon made love with her? No doubt about it - but Jenny told herself that it was the novelty of the situation. Tiffany was like a virgin when she was with another woman - that is why she had come much more strongly with Jenny than with Jon. 

After Tiffany recovered she pushed Jenny onto her back. "Are you sure?" asked Jenny? Tiffany gently kissed Jenny's mouth for several minutes, and then moved to her breasts. She sucked her nipples ravenously while fingering her clit. Jenny felt sensations that built as never before. But instead of climaxing, the sexual wonder continued to build. Her clit was on fire and her nipples took her to a level of ecstasy that poor Jon had never known. And then higher and higher. While Jon always came with barely a sound, Jenny's ecstasy was so great that she could not stifle her screams. "Oh my god, Tiffany, this is too much for me to handle. Oh my god, I can't stand it. Yes. Yes. This is incredible. Suck my tits! My clit! I never, ohhhhhhhh, I can't, this is too much. I neverrrr, nooooo... Ohhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhh." She came more violently than Jon had ever dreamed of coming, thrashing so violently that she almost threw Tiffany off. And for longer. And then she came again, several times. 

Afterwards Tiffany kissed Jenny yet again and looked at her with a grin: "You liked it more as a girl, didn't you? Much, much more. You like it now as much as I do, right? As much as I did with Jon, and as much as I like it now, right? I admit I like it with you, Jenny. But you'd better not say 'I told you so'. If you do say that I'll fuck you again." Jenny kissed Tiffany very softly for a long, long time, and then gave a huge smile back and replied, "I loved it. And I told you so."

They went to sleep with Tiffany's arm around Jenny, her hand on Jenny's breast, her naked cunt pressed against Jenny's soft, smooth and curvy rear. Jenny had never felt so intimate. But after 12 hours the change reversed itself, so they woke up with Tiffany's arm on Jon's hard, flat chest and her cunt on Jon's hairy rear. Then life went back to normal. But Jon could not forget his time as Jenny. 

In fact, he thought about it every day. Jon and Tiffany continued to make love as always, but whenever they did, Jon could not help but recall his time as a woman. He had thought that being a woman one time might fulfill his fantasy, but he had enjoyed it so much that he wanted to do it again. Whenever they made love he pretended to be Jenny - but of course that was not at all the same as actually being Jenny, and the difference frustrated him. He had tasted sexual bliss as Jenny - how could he be satisfied as plain old Jon? Jon with the boring non-sexy body? Jon who could only come once. Jon, whose cumms -- compared with Jenny - were so lame. He thought about being a woman again constantly - but would Tiffany agree?

Jon waited patiently for the right time, which occurred a month after his first change. That Friday, Tiffany called Jon at work at 4:30 pm and, sighing, observed that they had both been too busy to make plans for the weekend, and lamented that they had nothing much to do the entire weekend. She wondered if he could think of anything interesting to do. "Well - I could become Jenny again." Then he quickly added, "For just 12 hours." There was a long pause, but finally Tiffany replied, "Then we would have to stay in on Friday night. I wouldn't want our friends to think we were weird." Jon readily agreed. After they hung up he decided that this was a major advance. If he could become Jenny a second time, maybe he could become Jenny whenever he - they - wanted. That would be ideal. He could sometimes be Jon, and sometimes be Jenny. What man wouldn't like to make passionate, almost endless, lesbian love once in a while?

Jon changed to Jenny that day at 5:30 pm, and they stayed in that evening and made love. It was just as good as the first time, and Jenny was grateful they had a detached house so there was no close neighbor who could hear Tiffany's screams through a thin wall. Noise was an issue because this time Jenny let herself go wild, and she and Tiffany took each other to ever higher levels of passion. Since Jon had never made a sound when they made love, Tiffany had in the past felt funny showing how much she enjoyed it. She had felt sorry for Jon since he could never reach her level of pleasure, and Tiffany did not want to "show off" how much fun she was having by vocalizing what she felt. But now that Jenny was going so crazy when they made love, Tiffany decided she could do the same. So Tiffany relaxed and let herself really enjoy herself while they made love. Their moans and screams filled the house. 

They went to sleep and he changed back at 5:30 AM the next morning, so when they awoke they were again man and wife. Tiffany snuggled against Jon and said, "Now its Jon's turn" and kissed him deeply. They made love the old-fashioned way and then collapsed into each others' arms. Jon had quietly enjoyed it, even though his pleasure had been immensely greater the night before.

Finally, Tiffany recovered and said, "That was awesome. But we have nothing else to do today - let's do it again." But Jon had to swallow hard, tremble, and reply, "Tiffany - that was indeed fantastic, but you are too much for any man to handle. We are going to have to wait for a while before we continue. Maybe in a few hours...." 

Tiffany was silent. Then she quietly replied: "Jon, you are a wonderful lover, and I know that I'm too horny for any man to handle. But I bet that Jenny could satisfy me." Jon stared at her silently and then replied, "I'll be back in less than an hour." As Jon got dressed and hurriedly left, Tiffany handed him a bag containing a sexy bra, panties, blouse and girl jeans. She kissed him goodbye and added, "Make Jenny last until right before you go to work on Monday. In fact, Monday is a holiday, so I want to fuck Jenny until early Tuesday morning." 

When Jenny returned she grabbed Tiffany and purred, "Now I am going to satisfy you again and again, like no man could ever hope to." And she did.

After that weekend Tiffany's inhibitions about asking Jon to become Jenny disappeared. So did Jon's hesitations about asking Tiffany if it was ok - it was clear she adored making love with Jenny. It was ideal - he could become a woman any time they wanted. He now lived part of his life as Jon, and another part as Jenny. 

Soon after Jon's second transformation they got into a routine in which he became Jenny every second Friday night. Sometimes for a day, but usually for an entire weekend. On average, Jon was a girl for roughly 1 day a week.

In fact, whenever Jon became Jenny they would laughingly argue over who liked it more - did Jon like being Jenny more, or did Tiffany enjoy Jenny more? 

They would usually start the "argument" when they were naked and then playfully "wrestle" over the issue by tumbling around their bed together - pussys and tits mashing together - Tiffany laughing and saying that Jenny liked it more and that it was cool that Jon wanted to be a woman. Jenny came a great deal more passionately than Jon, and many times more often, so if course Jon preferred to come as a girl. 

Jenny would "wrestle" back by sensuously rubbing herself against Tiffany, giggling, and replying that Tiffany liked it the most and that it was cool that Tiffany was a lesbian. Since Tiffany came louder and more often when Jennifer made love with her, she clearly preferred girls. Their tumbling always led to passionate lovemaking, and it became their own private ritual. (By contrast, Jon and Tiffany could not really wrestle playfully because he was so much bigger and stronger that it would have been silly.)

Another private ritual developed a large portion of the times they made love. Jenny would roll on top of Tiffany, part her cunt lips, and carefully position her hard erect clit so that it went slightly into Tiffany's cunt, and exclaim, laughingly, "I'm a man. I can fuck you with my cock." As their cunts ground together, Jenny's hard clit could not penetrate Tiffany, of course, but it could at least go into the top of her cunt a bit. 

Tiffany would suck Jennifer's tits and fondle her rear as she writhed on top, scissoring her, and reply, calling her by her male name: "Jon, you are the sexiest man in the world. Your chest is sexier than that of any other man. And your rear is sexier too, and you are better looking than any man. You are so pretty and your hair is fantastic, I love it so much. Jon, fuck my cunt with your improved cock. You have the only cock in the world that can come again and again! Your beauty and tits and improved cock make you the perfect man, the perfect husband, Jon - fuck me! I am so glad I am married to you and that you are fucking me, instead of one of those plain looking, hairy men." 
