 In Space, No One Can Hear You Climax

The battleship Daisy, 30,000 tons of nano-armor and weaponry that was widely regarded as the most dangerous vessel ever constructed, spun a lazy orbit around a barren looking world. Inside, the ships AI waited patiently for her crew to return from the surface of the barely-hospitable rock. At the airlock to the ship, a holographic projection of the living computer construct hovered above the projector with her arms crossed, tapping her foot as she stared at the hull. She wasn't idle of course. If anyone had been there to watch they would have seen the projected female's eyes tracking some unknown object beyond the hull. Several hundred subroutines also ran, monitoring lightyears of space around the ship for potential threats. Overseeing the nano-reclamation factories inside as they produced anything the crew might need at a molecular level. As well as scanning everything within range for a possible genetic compatibility with human DNA.

The reason such a well armed vessel of the Human Defense Fleet was so far out in space looking for nonmilitary targets was simple, if tragic. Daisy was the byproduct of a xenocidal war between humans and an alien species. The human race had eradicated the aggressive aliens, but no one would say they had won the war. The enemies last weapon against humanity had been the femino virus. Infectious down to the DNA of every last man woman and child, the virus had killed off all females. Faced with their extinction, mankind had sent their vast armadas to search the infinite galaxy for a species that would accept human DNA, allowing homo sapiens to continue in spite of their enemies best efforts. A possible bio-match was what had the biological members of Daisy's crew investigating the surface of the planet now.

As Daisy waited, her eyes momentarily flicked to the side as if distracted by something. A small smile of satisfaction formed as she confirmed one of her personal subroutines had finished. Having a will of her own, Daisy often programmed simulations to pass the time. Her latest one had taken quite an effort, and she was looking forward to testing it out. Time was up though, her outer sensors detected the shuttlecraft docking. Her crew was back.

"Airlock secure. Welcome back guys." Daisy said as the airlock door began to open. "How did it go... never mind." The two members of her crew stepped inside with tired, frustrated steps. Dick's suit was splattered with splotches of green blood and clawed tentacles that clung to the armored eva protection even though Dick had burned them with his laser gun. Ashway's suit was covered, head to toe, in a yellowish fluid that had corroded part way through the armor. Through his visor, Dick had murder written all over his expression. Ashway had a haunted "I just got eaten alive" look on her face as she staggered along behind Dick's purposeful strides to the bridge. 

"Richard, we really should put you and the suit through detox first..." Daisy started. 

"Get me a firing solution on the dust off point and prep the hypergravity canons." Captain Coxwell said as he entered the bridge. 

"Dick, those will Crack the planet in two!" Daisy protested. 

"Good point. Better start with a tesla bomb. Burn off the atmosphere and make sure." Dick amended. 

"But..."

"I got eaten... It eats your thoughts... Like, from your brain... " Ashway said to no one in particular as she stared a thousand mile stare at the wall. Daisy's holographic image gave the alien girl a concerned look before looking back at the captain. His face was deadly serious. 

"Firing solution plotted." Daisy said with a simulated shrug.

Dick went to the firing console and input his secure code required for planet killer weapons and pulled the trigger. He watched the targeting screen until the moment of impact before firing the second weapon to eradicate the planet. When he looked out the viewport at the raging display of destruction, Daisy could detect signs of intense relief from her captain. 

"It's stomach had vaginas. The vaginas had teeth..." Ashway said, still staring at the wall in apparent shock. As Dick and Daisy both cast concerned glances at Ashway, then each other, Ashway slowly turned her blank expression their way. "It wanted to skull fuck me with it's liver..."

"Maybe a singularity bomb for good measure..." Dick said. 

***

"I launched a quarantine satellite, just in case your new black hole sucks at xenocide." Daisy said.

"Pht. Black hole sucks, good one." Dick said as he undressed inside a clean white room. Daisy gave him a stare flatter than a laser beams arc.

"Anyway, Ashway apparently takes three times the sedatives a human does to knock out, and you aren't going to be leaving that detox chamber until I go over everything you touched with a molecular scrubber." Daisy said from her small podium in the med bay. "This will take 24 hours at least."

"Fine. Make sure you get every last bit of that thing. I'll be taking a long nap I guess." Dick said as he sat naked in the detox chamber. After a few restless tosses and turns, the captain finally fell asleep. Sprawling out on the sleeping mat, Dick didn't notice as a full sized hologram of his shipboard AI materialized inside the room with him. If he had, he would definitely have noticed that her usually single color appearance was now colored in flesh tones and auburn hair. Serene gray eyes peeked out from her behind her long bangs and her full youthful figure stood against the ground instead of floating in the air above a projector like she normally did. The most glaring difference in Daisy's appearance though, was that she was stark naked. 

Daisy's time estimate had been an outright lie. The cleanup process had taken her mere minutes. Every last bit of the thought-eating alien predator had been deconstructed down to the molecular level. Owing to Dick's paranoia and Ashway's mental state, Daisy had even shunted those molecules into the brand new singularity that her weaponry had created where the planet had once been. Even a triple examination and a cross check against prior records on her biological passengers had been performed. Daisy had just needed time to try out what she had been working on in secret. 

Using the medical records of old earth and observations of Richard's reactions to various stimuli, she had been creating a cognitive simulation for herself. Having another woman on board had jump started Daisy's plan to at least try and be with her captain. The captain may go down with the ship, but the ship would prefer the captain to go down on her. Ironically, the simulation couldn't have been completed without Ashway. Daisy had needed a bioscan of her reactions and hormones while masturbating to understand the female side of the equation. The alien girl had wanted to do something for her anyway, Daisy had justified.

Taking a shuddering breath, Daisy could confirm that the simulation was performing correctly. The simulated adrenaline was causing her simulated consciousness to become incredibly nervous. As a living AI construct, Daisy had been nervous before. Combat situations and any time Richard's frail human body was put at risk caused her great concern. This was the first time she had ever felt nervous for no logical reason, though. Mustering her courage, she pushed through the fear and set out to do what she came here to do.

With shaking hands Daisy reached out to caress Richard's chest. While her holographic body couldn't actually touch him, the simulation in Daisy's brain worked perfectly. As her hands roved across Richard's heaving chest, simulated nerve impulses let her "feel" every hair, muscle, and pore of his skin. Suddenly, Daisy felt a ripple of a familiar feeling, but at an intensity she had never experienced. Joy at a magnitude that was overwhelming came over her and she laughed aloud as she ran her hands across her captain. Richard stirred a little and Daisy was forced to take her hands off to stifle her giddy laughter. She was doing it! She was able to feel, smell, and hear him! Even though all of the sensations were simulated, Daisy couldn't help but feel more joy than she ever thought possible. She enjoyed a good victory. She felt happy relief whenever Richard came back from an away mission. None of this could compare to her feelings while "feeling" the texture of her one and only captain.

While the simulation flooded her fake system with endorphins, Daisy turned her attention to the main event. Having reached REM sleep, Dick was having a dream. Whatever scene was unfolding behind his eyes, it caused his manhood to swell. It must have been a good dream, since his member was only a little shy of the full extension Daisy had observed when he had attempted to mate with Ashway Ren. Daisy had come to like the alien girl that had been brought on board as a potential biological match, but still chafed at someone else being first to express their ultimate affection to her captain. The alien remained unmated, though. Her unfortunate possession of a convincing male phallus that appeared when aroused caused the intrepid captain Coxwell to shrivel. Now, Daisy could beat the petite alien to the punch in a way, by having her captain inside her first!

Shaking with the excitement of her actions, Daisy straddled Richard's sleeping form. Aligning his manhood to her holographic slit, the AI simulated a deep breath, and lowered herself. Programmed involuntary responses made Daisy gasp as her hymen tore. Programming virginity and the pain of losing it hadn't been necessary, but Daisy wanted the whole experience. The pain was sharp, but nothing compared to the damage she had taken during the war. After a few quick gasps, Daisy was ready to continue. Carefully she slid herself all the way down Richard's shaft. The sensations running through her overwhelmed Daisy's usual composure. It was all she could do to bite her lip and stifle the amorous moan that rose from deep within her. Simulated or not, Daisy could immediately empathize with her crew's desire to copulate.

Hungering for more, Daisy began a grinding motion atop her captain. As she was simply a hologram, Dick's penis stayed stationary. Daisy had accounted for this in her program, though. For her, it felt as though the stiff rod rubbed about her holographic insides. This time she couldn't suppress her moan of pleasure. She could hardly believe the sound that came out. She had attempted to make such sounds before while researching the captain's erotic tastes. Something had always been missing from them. Now Daisy knew that it was the affection and desire that gave these noises their timber. As Daisy switched to a humping motion, her voice took on a husky sound. She absent-mindedely recalled that she had been suppressing her voice earlier, but the why was forgotten. There was only one thing that mattered to Daisy now, and that was the growing tension inside her. Simulated instinct drove her onwards as she frantically bounced her body atop Dick's dick.

His sleep disturbed, Dick reached out to scratch at his groin. As soon as his fingers passed through Daisy's holographic flesh, Daisy's nerves went berserk. As was often her flaw, Daisy had not considered how the simulation would handle contact that was not initiated by her. Dick's hand created a cascade of sexual nerves to fire off in a sequence that was impossible for a human nervous system to properly parse. Modeled perfectly after the human body, Daisy experienced a thousand orgasms in simultaneous bursts from every nerve cluster Dick's hand passed through. 

A shrill wail of intense pleasure escaped Daisy's speakers on every console in the ship. Recursive feedback loops of orgasmic pleasure blitzed past every buffer Daisy had built between her simulated consciousness and her core that was still running the ship. Electrical currents that were usually balanced on the razor's edge of efficiency suddenly ran unchecked through the length of the ship. Before the final failsafes isolated her core Daisy caught a glimpse of Dick flailing awake in a sleepy panic. The last thing she registered, was Richard's eyes meeting hers as she climaxed atop him.

"What... the... fuck..." Dick said aloud as his naked body floated weightless in the pitch black room. 

CAPTAIN COXWELL WILL RETURN!