 Chapter 3 "Dark Promise"

At one point in time, Kaalia's private chambers was dedicated to showcasing the most elusive Artifacts brimming with knowledge on the deepest recesses of dark magic; placed atop miniaturized obsidian monoliths as they vied amongst each other for their Goddesses attentions. They buzzed and whirred with a life of their own as they exalted in their importance compared to the dusty tomes and scrolls shelved neatly in gilded wooden bookshelves.

But the silent amaranthine glow of their geometric shapes silently protested from their disuse and their ire was directed at the current occupant in their Goddess's chambers, someone that if they could communicate like other sentient beings, they would refuse to tolerate her execrable presence monopolizing their mistress's time.

They silently watched as Elizabeth nuzzled her face against the pile of thick animal furs piled in a forlorn corner of the chamber, bearing witness as she dutifully extended her pierced tongue and lapped up splatters of Kaalia's viscous off-yellow cum. Her eyes were half-lidded and glassy even as a particularly thick pile of gelatinous cum slid down her throat, moaning with delight as her tastebuds lit up and sent bursts of mind-rotting pleasure chemicals into her brain. She spasmed atop those soft yet cum splattered furs, her pale melon-sized tits punctuated by her golden-hoop nipple piercings strained against the fabric of her sheer silk bandeau as they jiggled sensually in the throes of her ecstasy. They seemingly vied for any appreciative eye in spite of the bubbly swell of her ass embellished by a lacey black thong, torchlight encapsulating each globe of her increasingly-glossy ample ass swaying in the cool air of the chamber.

So caught up in her cum-induced bliss, Elizabeth barely noticed the massive obsidian doors yawning open to admit her owner, her goddess, and the unchallenged ruler of this domain. It was by Kaalia's presence alone that the protesting artifacts withdrew into their geometric confines, cutting off their mind-rotting influence directed repulsively at Elizabeth who now rested head-down ass-up as she sprayed her sweet cunt-syrup all over the furs as a pre-programmed reward for ingesting every drop of Kaalia's fuckslime.

Kaalia stood directly before her well-trained fuckslave, snapping her fingers and jolting Elizabeth out of her orgasmic haze as her meticulously programmed mind reacted without a second's hesitation. Elizabeth rose to her knees causing the metal chains fastened to her leather collar to clink together, her mouth open wide with her tongue sliding across her lips and lavishing attention over her amethyst embedded lip-ring. Her dainty hands rested upon her thick toned thighs as she gazed obsessively at Kaalia's gently swaying cock, her eyes enraptured with subservient devotion directed at that jutting pole of fuckmeat throbbing gently in front of her.

All it took was for Kaalia to snap her fingers once more, a clarion call that echoed through the ornately decorated chamber compelling her piece of property to obey the nonverbal command to please and worship. Elizabeth was like a trained animal as she rushed forward and eagerly began making out with the hard shaft, inhaling the mind-melting scent of Kaalia's intoxicating pheromones and shivering as pulses of arousal heat up her fuck-bunny body; a slippery sheen of sweat coating her smooth skin leaving her gasping and whimpering in need.

If there was anything left of the former witch's long eroded inhibitions, they were clearly cast aside as Elizabeth painted the image of her own depravity with black lipstick marks affectionately adorning Kaalia's hairless, massive, and cum-engorged balls. She punctuated her masterpiece with a muffled "I love you" as she slurped in one of Kaalia's fat nuts, her cheeks hollowing as she lewdly sucked on the large sweaty orb and wantonly moaned.

Elizabeth could feel her goddess's eyes lavish attention on her lewd ball-worshipping, her deceptively dainty hands gripping either side of her shoulders as she felt Kaalia force her at arm's length. Spit covered her chin as Elizabeth mewled, clearly aching to continue fellating Kaalia's massive cock but her complaints were easily replaced with a loud moan as Kaalia slipped her slick shaft under Elizabeth's sheer black bandeau and between her large tit-pussies.

Elizabeth closed her eyes as torrents of undulating pleasure overwhelmed her, her glossy lips parting and releasing wanton moans that echoed loudly inside the spacious chamber competing with the raunchy "shlick! squelch! Shlick!" noise as Kaalia slid her foot-long shaft up and down the bounteous valley of Elizabeth's fuck udders. Elizabeth blankly smiled as her ears sang with Kaalia's beautiful moans, moaning along with her goddess as her hands pressed on either side of her breasts, squishing her mounds against Kaalia's fuckspear and forming the finest tit-pussy; aided by the constricting material of Elizabeth's lewd bandeau.

Elizabeth's pierced nipples leaked her sugary milk, those raunchy golden-hoops outlined in the slick fabric as another thrust sent Elizabeth's eyes skyrocketing up her skull as pleasure nearly melted her brain into mush.

"Maybe it's finally time to coat your fat tits in another layer of my sperm, " Kaalia moaned out as a squirt of viscous pre-cum splattered against the tops of Elizabeth's jiggling pussy-pillows. Elizabeth tilted her head to the side in response, opening her eyes and moaning as she stared down at the tip of Kaalia's cock as it forged its way between her tits.

"Mmm...please drown my womb in your sperm too, you were so close to allowing me to get pregnant last time," pleaded Elizabeth meekly as she talked directly to Kaalia's fat breeding spear raping her tits. Amused, Kaalia hooked her index finger under Elizabeth's chin and tilted her head up, forcing her whore to look at her directly as her arms fell limp to her sides.

"I own you, not just my cock, " Kaalia practically growled out as she fucked her slaves tits harder causing the bandeau to wrap around the back of Elizabeth's neck as it pulled free of her breasts by the angle of Kaalia's cock. Kaalia grabbed onto the bandeau, forcing Elizabeth's head forward just so her rock-hard shaft could firmly grind against Elizabeth's lips and slap against her nose.

"Suck," Kaalia commanded simply ceasing her rough thrusting and permitting her slave to resume her zealous fellatio. Elizabeth happily complied, kissing the cock wondrously for a moment before wrapping her thick dick-pamperers around Kaalia's silvery cockhead and slid the fat tattooed shaft inside her mouth.

Elizabeth coiled her pierced tongue around Kaalia's cock and massaged every inch she could reach before it slid down her throat, her neck clearly showing the outline of Kaalia's shaft as it slid in and out of her throat-cunt. Torrents of hot pleasure stemming from the magically induced erogenous zone in Elizabeth's throat, electrocute her from head to toe rewarding her with a sloppy orgasm that left her reeling. Elizabeth spasmed in the throes of her ecstasy, feeling an instinctive sense of pride as she managed to spasm her tongue along the underside of Kaalia's divine cock, her studded piercing feeding pulses of pleasure jolting through Kaalia's foot-long phallus.

Spurred on by the sweet moans of her goddess, Elizabeth's throat muscles undulated along the surface of Kaalia's meat-rod, constricting and massaging every inch while Elizabeth's hands lewdly began groping Kaalia's thick silvery ass, worshipping every curve and crevice of her goddess as she raped her own throat with Kaalia's magnificent breeding spear.

Elizabeth's eyes rolled up inside her skull as she orgasmed intensely when a thick squirt of jelly-like pre-cum squirted down her throat, pooling warmly in her stomach as Elizabeth hugged Kaalia closely and sprayed a massive creampie all over the soft furs. Elizabeth's arms fell limp to her sides as she continued to suck and massage Kaalia's cock with every magically modified tool in her programmed arsenal, leaving no room for any distraction or unrelated thought until Kaalia pulled her shaft out of her fuck-puppets throat; thick strings of pre-cum mixed spit bridging the gap between Elizabeth's slutty mouth and Kaalia's goddess-like cock as strands ooze thickly towards the floor and refused to break.

"Is it finally lunchtime, my dumb little fucktoy?" Kaalia inquired mockingly, slapping her spit-coated shaft against Elizabeth's cheeks, thick strands flung all over Elizabeth's face forming a thick lattice with each taunt-laden smack.

"You've already greedily feasted on so many of my fat loads already," Kaalia taunted, cupping Elizabeth's cheeks and sliding her large nutsack against Elizabeth's nostrils, "Maybe it's your fate to spend the rest of eternity addicted to my brain-melting ball chowder?"

Elizabeth's hands rubbed all over Kaalia's thighs as she enthusiastically licked and kissed at Kaalia's majestic fuckspear aching to fulfill its role in degrading Elizabeth even further. "Yes," Elizabeth moaned out, whimpering in need as she lewdly resumed groping Kaalia's bubble ass. "I'll do anything for more of your delicious cock-milk, i'll even suck out more of your Gel from your divine ass if it proves i want it!"

Elizabeth leaned close, tilting her head to the side as an animalistic growl laced her tone, "I need it like i need to breath, I'm a dumb fuck-pig that will shamelessly beg, beg and beg, but I know what i was really mindfucked to do..."

Too caught up in her animalistic lust, Elizabeth's hands dived down between her legs, her fingers squelching in the cummy swamp her thong tried desperately to contain as she frantically began rubbing her sperm-slick folds. "I was made to breed with you like a lowly broodmare, I know because I tell myself that every night when I rub your cum all over my skin after your massive creampies squirt out of my dumb pussy everytime I masturbate thinking about you fuc-GLURK!"

Kaalia roughly yanked on Elizabeth's collar, cutting off her slave's begging as she roughly led Elizabeth to the Goddess-Sized bed in the next room, forcing her to traverse the short distance by making her crawl like an animal. Elizabeth's back arched the whole way, her ass high up in the air as if proudly displaying her Mistress's handiwork in corrupting her into embracing her future as nothing more than a sex-addicted broodmare. Kaalia positioned Elizabeth with her head hanging off the side of the bed, her mouth open and tongue extended as her broken expression only hinted at the depravities she's already endured.

"Oh, Fuck my Face!" Elizabeth begged, her mouth opened wide, her studded tongue glistening in the torchlight as she pulled on the golden hoops piercing her nipples. "Please my goddess, please fuck your lowly fucksl-GLUG! GLURK!"

Kaalia slammed her cock down elizabeth's throat, moaning in pure joy as she felt that heavenly throat massage every inch of her fuck-rod as she treated Elizabeth's throat-pussy as nothing more than an expendable toy. She slapped Elizabeth's hands aside and took those lewd golden hoops and pulled hard, causing Elizabeth to yelp and moan; hips bucking erratically as if Elizabeth was fucking an imaginary cock.

The vibrations from Elizabeth's muffled moaning added more pleasure for Kaalia as her slave's throat-pussy was brutally molded into the perfect shape to squeeze and constrict around Kaalia's fat dick, promptly rewarding Elizabeth with thick ropes of pre-cum dumped directly in her toned stomach. Her goddess's moans reigned supreme in her spacious chambers spurring Elizabeth on to be the perfect degraded fuck-puppet as Kaalia's silvery bubble-ass jiggled and glistened in the torchlight with each mind-melting thrust inside her broodmares throat.

Elizabeth's tits suddenly began squirting thick ropes of sugary milk all over Kaalia's hands and Elizabeth's sweat-covered stomach as she was hurled over the edge, her hands limp at her sides as her cunt-syrup sprayed all over the soft bedsheets. It was much to Elizabeth's delight when Kaalia finally reached her climax, her balls pulsating as it began to force its gelatinous mass of cum through its engorged shaft. Instinctually, Elizabeth's hands reached forward and began massaging Kaalia's balls in a greedy attempt to coax as much nut butter as she could from those sweaty fat balls; her tongue licked up and down the underside of her goddess's tattooed cock conveying her depraved obsessive love for her undisputed owner.

Kaalia arched her spine and tilted her head back as she stared briefly at the obsidian ceiling for a moment before her intense orgasm swept her away with seemingly endless bliss. Kaalia's eyes shot up in her skull as she erratically thrusted and began dumping her obscene mass of viscous cum directly in her cumdumpsters stomach. Muffled squirting noises emanated from Kaalia's pulsating shaft as thick bulges traveled down Elizabeth's throat-pussy, the demonic goddess parting her crimson lips as she moaned loudly as she painted the inside of her fuckslaves stomach with her potent drug-laced sperm.

Elizabeth could vaguely feel her mind dulling as Kaalia's potent spunk took an immediate toll on her transfigured body, her belly distending in a gravid display of cumdumpster pregnancy even as her cheeks bulged as she struggled to swallow down more of the savory treat. Cum began to spurt from Elizabeth's lips like a leaking pipe causing gooey lattices of hot sperm to adorn her blissed-out face.

But this was pure heaven for Elizabeth who reached down to cradle her swollen belly and felt all that hot sperm sloshing inside, the most divine ambrosia straight from the font of her goddess whose insatiable lust was only matched by the eagerness of her fuckslave to degrade herself to meet Kaalia's vulgar standards. Elizabeth felt Kaalia's orgasm abate and felt the warm fuzzy afterglow of mind-melting pleasure chemicals encapsulate her long-eroded consciousness easily manipulating her to feel good and happy to be used as a flesh condom.

She felt her mistress's erratic thrusts cease when the last gooey squirt of cum covered her tongue as Kaalia's cock pulled out of her mouth. Thick strands of spit and cum bridged the gap between Elizabeth's glossy bimbo lips and Kaalia's silver shaft throbbing in the cool air of her chambers, cum covering the surface of her cock in a off-yellow veil concealing the ornate runic tattoos that encompassed the full glory of her foot long Rapespike.

Kaalia was still moaning as she latched onto Elizabeth's cum covered tit-pussies, groping them gently with her index finger inside those golden hoops that glinted in the torchlight as they laid proudly atop Elizabeth's ample breasts. Elizabeth could intimately feel her goddess's immense satisfaction radiating from her body especially when kaalia bent over at a 90 degree angle, pushing out the exquisitely rich swell of her sweat-glossed ass and began licking the lattices of cooling cum plastered on Elizabeth's face. Elizabeth opened her mouth as Kaalia's devious tongue curled around her own, snowballing the modest accumulation of cockmilk in the lewd kiss that had the pair moaning in each other's mouths.

Kaalia left Elizabeth gasping in wanton desire for another steamy round of hot animalistic sex but her goddess left her wanting, straightening her Bandeau and tugging on her collar to direct her off the bed.

"Aren't you going to fuck me silly?" Elizabeth whimpered out, every fiber of her bimboesque body aching to feel Kaalia's fat dick buried in her slutty cunt or ass-pussy. Kaalia merely smiled coyly as Elizabeth got down to her knees and hugged her goddess's silvery thighs, looking directly at her sperm-covered phallus in a silent plea of permission to clean. But her programmed avarice for Kaalia's cum overwhelmed her in mere moments causing her to lean in close and inhale her potent musk.

"It'll be okay," Elizabeth reasoned as she gave into her slutty greed and licked Kaalia's shaft clean, swallowing the cooled cockjuice appreciately and licked her lips afterwards under the watchful gaze of her amused mistress.

"Such a devoted little fucktoy," Kaalia cooed as she tugged on Elizabeth's leash, directing her forward and out of her private chambers. " But come, we have work to do fuck-bunny."

Elizabeth followed her mistress with a blank smile plastered on her face, crawling on her hands and knees with her back arched to push her thonged bubble ass high in the air. Despite rarely leaving Kaalia's private chambers and getting her brains fucked out all the time, Elizabeth still remembered the ornate crimson carpet that bisected the spacious hallway down the center from ill-received flashbacks from the tatters of her old life.

Elizabeth shivered in fear and arousal as she experienced more of those vivid flashes in her mind of dungeon floors and obsidian cells with pulsating amaranthine glyphs. Her narrow pale face tilted towards the ceiling as her vision swam with memories of row upon row of cages and cells housing all manner of beast and broodmare. Elizabeth could still remember the blank expression on each of the elven prisoners as they were mercilessly raped by their bestial masters and impregnated with cocks and tendrils of outrageous size; some had tits the size of melons leaking milk as their pregnant bellies nearly brushed against the floor.

But their half-lidded glazed eyes as they moaned and mooed throughout it all haunted Elizabeth the most for some strange reason, something swirling under the blissful bimboesque haze she had gladly accustomed herself to but never wanted to stray away from. It was why the only tattered memory she drew solace from was the perplexing image of a thin brunette woman operating what appeared to be a glowing square of light that whirred with a life of its own, runes dancing along the screen as she meticulously worked. She sat before a single row of women no doubt being forcibly brainwashed, sexually tormented, and molded into the ideal slave-stock that Kaalia cultivated with a passionate ease.

Elizabeth didn't notice Kaalia looking down at her the whole time witnessing her confusion, fear, and dripping arousal until she forced her to stop. Kaalia tugged on the leash and jolted Elizabeth out of her reverie, freeing her from the disorienting flashbacks.

"They'll pass in time," Kaalia gently said to Elizabeth, who nuzzled against her leg at the comforting thought.

"They make me feel like a person," Elizabeth whimpered out, her tongue dancing lewd circles on Kaalia's leg. "I'm not supposed to be a person...I'm supposed to be your property, they make me so confused."

Kaalia tugged on the leash, forcing Elizabeth on her feet only to press her forcefully against the obsidian wall. "Would you like to know why you crawl on the floor like an animal all the time?"

Kaalia leaned in close, licking the side of Elizabeth's face before continuing," It's because you are an slave now and slaves don't think...they're brainless, mindless, and every single one is a fuck-bunny just like you."

Despite the degrading statement, Kaalia tugged on Elizabeth's leash and directed her down the hallway and down a few flights of stairs, her bare feet pattering on the smooth unbroken obsidian surface until finally they reached their destination; a foreboding set of massive obsidian doors ornately carved with depictions of all manner of nightmarish beasts and glyphs.

"Remember Elizabeth, that you will always be my favorite little fuckslave and any resistance left in your whore body, I will rape right out of you," Kaalia said with a familiar tinge of sincere affection in her voice. "And when we're done here, I'm going to fuck you so hard, your brains will turn to mush."

