 Writer's note: This is the third installment of the events concerning Eronemus. I endeavored to inject more information on the fantasy world in which he lives in as well as to build on existing themes. Hope you all enjoy it.

Our story continued: 

It was a massive, heavy chunk of black stone, shot with veins of scintillating crystals. Arcane runes crawled across the pebbled, flecked surface giving it both an eldritch and quietly menacing appearance. An expanse of empty, reddish sand, about five paces across surrounded it. Somehow, I felt uneasy about approaching this stretch of empty, dead ground.

"It's a Void Henge, isn't it?" I queried Magda, turning away from the ebony slab, looking up to her face.

"Yes," she replied, her eyes meeting mine. "You really know quite a lot about our lore. I can see that you can be useful to our cause."

"I read about these before," I continued, my hand making a sweeping motion indicating the quiescent hunk of carved rock. "Your sorcerers- er, mages," I corrected myself, struggling to find the right words, "preserved the lore of the races that came before. Then, they improved on the magicks used here."

"Correct again," answered Magda, her lips curling into a slight smile, her eyes dancing briefly.

"The Hovanish were formidable mages. Even if most of their lore vanished with their passing, our Priestess-Magi have been ever at work preserving and refining the knowledge that remained."

Briefly, we paused, staring at the tall female soldiery filing past. They were clad in mail, bearing large convex shields, covering them from chin to shin. Their wicked-looking spears were tipped in sharp killing points, shod in burnished steel. They tromped audibly around the bend with the clash of metal and creaking of leather that smelled of horses and sweat. 

However, I was only too aware of how the last one stared me down under lidded eyes. The Amazon threw me a glance and arched an eyebrow, looking me from head to toe as she marched past me. There was a hard set in her chin as her lips drooped down disdainfully.

At that moment, I felt very far from home. I was very much alone in a strange land.

"Eronemus, you must never, ever forget that we are at war," Magda emphasized, snapping me out of my reverie. "My sisters and I live every day to defend our lives, our loves and our homes against the rapacious greed of the Council of Ten." She practically spat out her last words, as if trying to rid herself of a mouthful of distastefulness.

"Those sisters of mine stand ready to fight every incursion of the enemy," she indicated with her chin the departed patrol, speaking somewhat a little bit too forcefully. She drew herself up to full height, gesturing indicating the nearby menacing hunk of rune-crusted stone. "Take these Void Henges- they serve as sentinels, protecting our stronghold with their magicks."

"Ah," I exclaimed, eyes widening as I came upon a realization. "These Void Henges prevent the sorceresses of the Council of Ten from launching attacks from portals through space- much like the portal Morg used to gain entry into their keep when you rescued me. But how then was Morg's warband able to deploy a portal into the Council's hall? Surely the sorceresses' defenses would have been formidable."

Magda just smiled again and looked at me under narrowing brown eyes that twinkled playfully. I smiled back, thinking how wonderful she looked when she did that to me. 

"We too have our secrets, little scribe." She said as seriously and earnestly as she could manage, as her smile faded.

Judging from her tone, I felt she was not inclined to discuss this any further so I left it at that. I knew that the Amazons of the Moira were keeping the Council of Ten at bay. A stalemate was now in effect, as the Council could only launch incursions by physically moving their forces overland; and the Amazons were undisputed mistresses of their own territory. Neither side could, at this point, bring the fight decisively over to the enemy, thereby ending the war.

Suddenly, I sensed Magda tense and stand straighter. I looked left and saw a broad-shouldered, chunky looking Amazon trudging up to us. Her angular cheeks were, as usual, sagging in a perpetual frown. Her cold greenish eyes that met mine were glazed over. 

"Salutations, Clys," said Magda in a very flat tone, so unlike the one she used when we were just conversing.

"Salutations, Sister," answered Clys in her bored drawl. Then, I saw Clys' eyes widen and she grew flushed, vigorously indicating some people who were marching towards the cleared space of the Void Henge.

A trio of Amazons, garbed in short pastel-colored shifts and belted at the waist was nearing us. Even this far, I admired their trim agile legs, so enticingly shown off by their short skirts. They were so short that I could almost catch a glimpse of delightful butt dimple peeking through as they strode closer. Their arms were bare to the shoulder, and my eyes followed their breasts jangling delightfully under their brief garments. They were indeed splendid women in these lands!

"Take a look the one behind them, little scribe," drawled Clys icily. She was studying me under beetling brows, seeing how I frankly admired the approaching Amazons. "Take a real good look." 

The last of the approaching file of Amazons was leading a fourth person, and I saw it was a man. 

He was stark naked, shaved smooth and bald as an egg. His bare skin was dyed a shade of faded pink from the crown of his shaved pate to his bare feet. Even from here, I could see his cock and balls were burning in a state of extreme excitement, and that they were imprisoned in the grip of the Amazon leading him on. As he was led forward, he grimaced and gasped for breath.

He was lean and athletic, moving in a strange waddling gait as when a man is forced to walk with his legs spread apart. His captor who maintained a tight grip on his cock was using this to lead him forward to the Void Henge. 

"Uhm, a-ah, Pefft?" I asked aloud, a trifle uncertainly.

"Yes, Eronemus," answered Magda looking at me significantly straight in the eye. "That's a Pefft."

The trio led their waddling naked captive across the dead ground surrounding the rune-covered chunk of rock. After being coaxed and prodded, he was made to kneel in front of it, legs and knees spread apart, arms raised and bent backwards with his hands at the back of his head.

"I wanna take a closer look." Said Clys, walking off without waiting for us. Magda and I followed. I could hear her breathing heavily. 

"What is it?" I asked, but she did not reply. Instead, she was staring intently at what was going on.

Moving sideways to get a better look, I saw that the four were joined by yet another woman who had approached from the other side of the Void Henge, thus earlier escaping our view. She was taller than the others, her platinum blonde hair cropped short to a fuzzy growth. She was clad in a scintillating robe covered with pastel designs. She wore a torc of beaten brass studded with scarlet and greenish gemstones around her ivory neck. Clutched in her delicate hands was a chalice of worked brass, inlaid with intricate script. All the Amazons, including Magda and Clys bowed in respect.

The tall berobed woman stopped before the naked kneeling Pefft. She glanced at me and I felt the cool stare from her eyes of a deepest lustrous blue. Her brow furrowed slightly as she squinted at me. I began to squeeze my fingers together and my palms felt sweaty. Under her scrutiny, I felt just as undressed as the Pefft kneeling before her. 

"Bow to the Priestess-Mage, Eronemus," whispered Magda urgently.

I went down on one knee and bowed, my left hand placed forward, palm up. I recalled a formal greeting from the old scriptures and blurted it out, hoping it came out correctly.

"Lorannis vronis est. Kelabennis valomft."

"Sharompt," answered the Priestess-Mage, meaning 'Up' in the same almost-dead language predating the Common Tongue.

I stood and deliberately avoided staring her at the face. I saw that she had already turned her back and was facing down at the Pefft. She handed the chalice to the nearest Amazon who knelt in front of the abased shaved nude. His monstrous throbbing erection and throbbing balls were almost painful to look at. I could see he was lathered in sweat and was breathlessly gasping from the mouth. His eyes were shut and at irregular intervals, a keening, moaning sigh would erupt from his pinched lips.

Another Amazon held the chalice right in front of the Pefft's erect penis. 

Then, both hands of his handler shot down suddenly, her fingers gripping the standing, throbbing cock displayed lewdly before her. 

A high-pitched gasp torn from the trembling Pefft was the only sound that broke the hushed silence. 

Almost lovingly, the Amazon changed grip, gently stroking the Pefft's stiffened nude shaft. I saw the man arch his back in pleasure. His bare buns now bunched up and jerked to and fro as his hips made urgent pumping motions. She began to stroke his captive standing cock. The Pefft was now breathing harshly, groaning with suppressed desire. 

She stroked him faster and faster and his sweaty, naked exertions got more urgent. My ego was appalled by their treatment of a fellow male, but deny it as I would, something in a dark, hidden recess of my being envied the shamed ecstacy which was surely being provoked in this Pefft who was baring all to his captors. 

The kneeling nude bunched up and suddenly uttered a grunting sigh as the Amazon's fingers continued to slide smoothly across the surface of his burning, hard tool. Not long after, he ejaculated passionately. Gobs of thick milky cum began to spurt from his engorged cocktip, to be caught deftly into the chalice held by the nearby Amazon.

I recalled that these Peffts were fed on an infusion of rare components made into some sort of tea to keep them hard. This one was kept in a state of extreme sexual excitement for gods only know how long before being milked this day.

Eventually, the Pefft spurted himself dry, with the Amazons collecting his hot man-milk in the chalice which was handed to the Priestess-Mage. As the spent nude sagged in the dirt, I saw his shoulders slump and heard him utter a low, sobbing sigh. I could see that his throbbing cock which was undoubtedly hot and sweaty was still stiff as a metal rod. No telling how long he would have to stay in such a state of extreme agitation. 

The Priestess-Mage turned away and approached the rune-covered stone. Murmuring incomprehensively and making complex gestures with her left hand, she emptied the contents of the chalice onto the slab of rock. I stood unbelievingly to see how the porous, dark surface of the Void Henge drank up every last drop of man-seed poured upon it.

"Quite a show, huh Eronemus?" Quipped Clys grinning at me and showing off all her teeth. "Maybe you'd wanna take his place over there now? Serve the stronghold with your sperm and offer us a laugh at the same time." She chuckled with a brittle irritating edge. 

I could sense Magda tensing beside me, and her normally warm pretty face had hardened with cruel lines. Her eyes narrowed and I saw her hand go for her sword hilt at her side. 

"I , uh don't think so Clys," I answered, mustering as much courage as I could. As I spoke, I moved swiftly between Magda and Clys, gesturing with my outstretched palm at Magda. 

"No need for that Maggs." I whispered out of the corner of my mouth hoping only she would hear me. 

Thankfully, I felt her freeze and then make one long exhalation as Clys turned her back on us and slowly walked away. I saw that with her back turned, it would have been so easy just to sink some steel between her shoulder blades and end this. In the City State of Kai where I lived, this would have been acceptable- but this was apparently not the Amazon way. 

Absently, the fingers of my right hand found the grip of a short sword hanging from my belt. I had forgotten about that.

------------------------------------

After my encounter with the Pussy Plant in the Forest of Yerras, my companions from Suprema Morg's warband and I spent a peaceful evening camping under the trees. We awakened refreshed early the next day and I was overjoyed to receive a full change of travelling clothes and a short sword from the spare supplies carried by the troop. 

Now, I felt more as an accepted ally and less like a naked curiosity. 

As we prepared to depart, Clys passed in front of me and I felt my hand on the grip of my sword contemplating thoughts of murder. Yet, reason won out this time. I considered myself lucky. Barely three days ago, I had no idea that I would get caught up between two deadly warring female factions who were earnestly bent at exterminating the one another. I wasn't anxious to be part of this war and I wanted out of it. Unfortunately, that option was presently foreclosed to me and my home city of Kai was far, far away to the West. Seeing how men were treated here in Old Erkmark and Yerras, I considered myself lucky to be treated as a "valued" ally. From what I have seen, I could easily end up stripped naked, shaved and used as a source of liquid magical anima- milked regularly and kept erect and hot as much as it suited my captors' needs. 

I had to find a way to get out of here and back to Kai at the earliest opportunity, and yet, as much as I yearned to escape, I could not deny that irrational delicious yearning for more. Never before in my wildest dreams were the desires I always sought to keep hidden and suppressed given full reign as in my recent experiences of captivity and bondage. My rational mind convinced me to escape but something deep, dark and deliciously sensuous seemed to be holding me back.

There was also Magda, my pretty, pretty Amazon warrioress. 

Our journey through a world of exotic greenery took us another three days. Gradually, the lush islands of verdure gave way to cleared spaces, many of which were now planted with food bearing crops. We came upon a dirt road on the second day out and followed it. I caught glimpses of palisade-ringed villages but we never stopped in any of them. One the morning of the third day, we ran into heavily-armed patrols, some mounted on a curious species of horse covered in hair and sporting an orange and bluish-striped coloration. These were all Amazons of the Moira who saluted Morg and their sisters in arms. 

Eventually, we arrived at a stockaded settlement, the largest I had yet seen in these parts, which turned out to be the stronghold of the Moira clan. 

Any expectations of rest were drowned out in continuing cycles of frenetic activity in the days that followed. The stronghold was a hive of disciplined routine with the women giving orders and carrying into effect a regime geared towards winning a war. It was almost a twisted opposite of my accustomed life in bustling Kai, with its shops, universities, libraries and emporium. Here, a regular routine of work, preparation and still more work prevailed every day. I saw how even young females were sent to the Schola to train as warrioresses, apprentice priestesses, magi or administrators. Men were relegated to more mundane everyday tasks that kept the community functioning as a whole.

Yet it seemed to work smoothly, everyone was fed, clothed and, to my mind, reasonably content.

I did not see Magda during these times as I assumed she was pulling duty with her unit somewhere in the stronghold. Neither did I get to see the Suprema Morg any much more, as I was mostly left by myself in the small but clean apartments provided to me in a place where single, valued male workers were quartered. I took the time to read up and study the texts which were allowed me (albeit reluctantly) and start on a journal of my strange experiences to date.

---------------------------------

Just as suddenly, I was summoned to a council one morning by an Amazon officer, armed and accoutered for war. I was led through the busy streets and admitted into a citadel of rugged, grey stone pierced with narrow high windows and banded hardwood doors. I reflected that this was the first time I came to this part of town and later learned that this was where the Suprema liked to hold office.

I found myself in a long chamber dominated by a long trestle table spanning most of its length. It was bright and airy as the shades were drawn back. One length of stony wall was covered with maps and charts with squiggly markings of various colors. Seated along the table were Amazons, some of whom I recognized from Morg's warband. About half were armed and armored while the other half were clad in rather severe-colored dresses decked with pendants of fanciful design. I saw Magda seated to one side. Our eyes met and she gave me a warm, shy smile. This seemed to still any trepidation I was feeling at the moment.

Morg sat at the center, presiding over what appeared to be an ongoing discussion of great importance. I looked around for a seat but finding none (and receiving no invitation to be seated) remained standing and tried to look patient as I waited to be acknowledged.

"It is that simple, Suprema," pointed out a serious-looking woman of middle age. "We need the friendship of the Avendaas Confederation to break the stalemate at the front. Now is the best time as their clan leaders are gathered together in Haldrenfast for the conclave."

"I'm not arguing against your reasoning Safira," replied Morg, waving absently as she spoke. "Bringing the Avendaas on our side will be a formidable factor to aid us, and enhance our prestige in the mother tribe. But we cannot spare the women and resources for a large embassy to travel to Haldrenfast. Fighting is desperate at the front and our tribal sisters of the Errienyx need every warrioress at our disposal."

Racking my brains, I stove to recall what I knew about the subject at hand. I recalled that Morg's mother tribe, the Errienyx, was neighbor to a similar tribe of Amazons called the Avendaas Confederation. The latter was organized in the same lines as the Errienyx and their sub-clan, the Moiras. They also had a Grand Suprema who lorded it over lesser clan Supremas just as in Morg's case.

Apparently, the Avendaas were sitting on the fence posts, holding off whether or not to join up in the fight against the Council of Ten. 

"We've sent feelers and embassies before, Morg," pointed out a nearby Amazon warrioress. "Yannessa, their High Suprema does not seem convinced it's the best thing for them to side with us against the Council of Ten." 

"Thuriya damn them all," muttered another warrioress nearby. "So they won't listen and we can't spare the women to send another embassy to Haldrenfast." I later learned that Haldrenfast was the closest thing to a capital the Avendaas Confederation had.

"But we need to try again!" said the one called Safira, this time even more forcefully. "Now is the best time to plead our cause as all the Supremas are in one place. We'll never get a chance like this again."I could see this was degenerating into a shouting match.

"Uh, if I may make a sug-suggestion ladies?" I said, trying to get their attention. 

I was shouted down initially but Morg prevailed upon the council to listen to me, even if they seemed skeptical of some male advise. 

"Why not send a smaller delegation to meet and explain, rationally and cogently what our talking points are?" I suggested. "Surely a smaller party with the right amount of security can get through safely and make your points known to the Avendaas?"

"And who, pray tell would be able to successfully argue our case when all have failed in the past?" Demanded one of the officers in a loud voice, glaring at me for my upstart suggestion.

"I believe I can, ma'am," I ventured as firmly as I could. "I am Eronemus, a scribe and orator from the City State of Kai. I apprenticed under various advocates of note and I hereby request the honor of volunteering to accompany a delegation of emissaries to plead our case to the High Suprema of the Avendaas."
