 From the moment Elizabeth regained consciousness, she began attempting to plot her escape. She found herself in a spacious cell made of smooth translucent obsidian with only a musty cot and a lit wall-mounted torch.To further encapsulate the challenge before her was a heavy steel door barring her escape, its perimeter etched with glowing violet glyphs. But it wasn't the glyphs etched into the door that thwarted her efforts nor the band of large pulsating violet glyphs lining the obsidian ceiling, it was the debilitating presence that began infecting her mind from the moment her emerald eyes blearily opened.

Before long, Elizabeth found herself contending with that sex-crazed presence as it warred for control over her voluptuous body. It fed off the shame she tried repressing and sent a degrading pulse of pleasure that radiated up her spine and crawled over her skin like a thin coating of sperm squirming all over her body. Despite how filthy she felt, Elizabeth sought to maintain her composure by sitting in a classic meditation pose, her startlingly beautiful face occasionally staring up towards the pulsating violet glyphs in defiance as if demanding such an obstruction be removed by the sheer force of her will alone.

Elizabeth's chest rose and fell softly in the simple black dress she found herself in, feeling the soft fabric hug her body perfectly but she sought to escape all sensations by sinking deeper into her trance; just as the contaminating presence lurking inside her head filled her with images of her rape, lavishing over how much of a slut she must have been to give in and eventually degrade herself willingly. She tried to escape that shame and arousal it forced her to feel but eventually it overwhelmed her with torrents of forced orgasmic pleasure.

She arched her back as she felt a second wave of pleasure pulse up her spine, her head tilting back and her lips parting but she still desperately held on, trying not to give in to the infectious pleasure driving her inexorably towards orgasming and losing control. Elizabeth's eyes were fluttering shut and rolling up in her head as she heard the cell door loudly creak open and slam shut as her depraved captor entered, causing Elizabeth to shudder as the faint scent of Kaalia's brain-wrecking pheromones wafted into the cell.

Despite the swearing waves of anger and shame emanating from Elizabeth, she couldn't help but feel a stab of submissive fear in her chest as she opened her eyes and stared irresistibly down at the tattooed shaft Kaalia's massive cock. Elizabeth found it difficult to keep her eyes from wandering up and down Kaalia's sensual curves, her anger and shame briefly forgotten as Kaalia began to close the distance between them; The torchlight encapsulating the lewd jiggling of her round ass and the slight bounce of her large tits until her perfect slut walk ended when she stood directly in front of her captive. Elizabeth tore her gaze away, her cheeks burning in embarrassment as she concentrated on not gazing at the hardening mast of fuck-meat displayed proudly between Kaalia's legs.

"Get away from me," Elizabeth coldly said, refusing to gaze at her well-hung captor, choosing instead to analyze more of the band of glyphs etched into the ceiling for any weakness, finding it strangely easier to concentrate.

Kaalia licked her lips, a curled smile lighting her features as she retorts, "A newly enslaved slut like you doesn't have a say in the matter."

Elizabeth turned back to look at Kaalia and tilted her head to the side, her green eyes burning with anger, "If i wasn't misled with a poorly translated pentagram, you would have been my little bound bitch."

A flash of anger briefly darkens the face of Kaalia and she leans close to Elizabeth. She inwardly regrets the retort as she felt the presence return with a vengeance, aching to punish her by possessing her body and forcing her to do the most vile and degrading things possible...just like the cheap slut it wanted to twist her to become.

Elizabeth turns away, biting her lower lip as she struggles to maintain her composure, her eyes tightly shut as her arousal dampens her thighs. Kaalia leans in closer and whispers darkly in her ear, "Let me spoil how this is all going to end for you, my dumb, defiant, little fuck bunny", She seeths out the last part, derision and lust evident in her features. "I'm going to shatter your defiance piece by exquisite piece and by the time you finally break and learn your true place, i'd have filled every tight hole you have with that thick, creamy, delicious, greasy, cum you loved so much."

She highlights every last one of those degrading descriptions for that yellowish-white fuck-sludge backed up inside both of her large quivering balls, taking a depraved delight in the confusion that highlights Elizabeth's features as anger and filthy lust swirl within her.

Her hand glows an Amaranthine hue as she balls up her deceptively dainty hands and tries to strike Kaalia. In that moment, a mere foot away from angrily connecting with Kaalia's flawless cheek, the glyphs etched into the wall glow brightly as well as the brand tattooed on Elizabeth's back, sending her into an intense orgasm; her back arching and spasming as her eyes roll up briefly in the back of her head, half-closing as tidal waves of pure pleasure consume her.

Kaalia felt her thick shaft harden at the display, throbbing in need to conquer the bitch orgasming in front of her. A thick string of yellowish fuck-sludge drooled out of her girthy piss-pipe as Kaalia seized her opportunity, locking her fingers around the back of Elizabeth's head and forcing her head forward to bury her 12 inches of demonic cock down her throat.

Elizabeth's eyes lips stretch thin as she gags on the girthy meat forcibly sliding down her throat, surprise flaring in her eyes when she realized she wanted to feel that pulsating tattooed shaft inside her throat. Her arms beating weakly against Kaalia's hips as she desperately tried to resist as if to prove her sudden desire was nothing more than the product of the parasitic presence lurking within her.

But as Kaalia roughly hilted her cock down Elizabeth's throat again, Elizabeth could feel both of Kaalia's swollen balls churning with gallons of mind-altering cum and her eyes dulled and glazed over as the presence took over and lulled her into a submissive state of complacency. Elizabeth's throat bulged as she mindlessly began sucking, her tongue lapping at every exposed inch of Kaalia's throbbing shaft as the demoness began thrusting her hips in earnest.

Kaalia bit her lower lip gently as Elizabeth moaned with her dick firmly lodged down her throat, the vibrations of her mouth buzzed down Kaalia's cock pleasantly causing a massive glob of pre-cum to slither down Elizabeth's throat.

"Shlop...shlop...shlop!"

Kaalia stopped thrusting all of a sudden, watching Elizabeth throat-rape herself as the all encompassing need to consume her cum drove her to perform the most degrading act of fellatio possible. It was then, at the height of Elizabeth's impressed desire for sperm that Kaalia removed the thick shaft from Elizabeth's mouth, proceeding to rub her apple-sized balls against her lips, nose, and cheeks as she made sure every breath Elizabeth took was tainted with her musk.

"No...no..no," Elizabeth groaned out as her lips broke free from being forced to make out with her ballsack, trying to tilt her head away to no avail. She finally had a moment to think, to try and resist and not give in to the infectious presence slowly consuming her thoughts and reason.

But Kaalia offers her cock to Elizabeth and says as she playfully slaps the shaft against Elizabeth's cheek and gazes into her vacant half-lidded expression, "Poor fuck-bunny, you still haven't connected the dots now have you? There's a reason why a presence is lurking inside your head driving you to degrade yourself and serve me....It's you, the side of you I programmed. Every drop of sperm, every iota of musk wafting off these balls you love so much....drive you to be what you truly are."

Elizabeth's vacant expression switches to one of confusion, her eyes full of lust and alarm and after a time she replies, "Get that vile thing away fro- GLURK!"

Elizabeth was interrupted as Kaalia forced her cock back inside her mouth, aided by her ardent rejection. She roughly raped Elizabeth's throat once more, her pheromones ensuring temporary compliance as Kaalia sighs out happily, "I repaired your personality...only to fuck it right out of your skull again.."

Kaalia's balls smack against Elizabeth's chin as every inch of her tattooed shaft barrel down Elizabeth's throat, her massive ass clenching as she thrusts her hips forward. Elizabeth felt herself swiftly losing control as the insurmountable pleasure reached its peak, squirting out a mind blowing orgasm that left her completely vulnerable to her alter ego slowly eroding her personality.

But it's when Kaalia finally orgasms that Elizabeth really lost control. She could feel Kaalia's shaft pulse and throb mightily in her throat, her swinging apple-sized balls churning their potent baby batter as it began to travel up her girthy piss-pipe. Kaalia lets out a long moan as she tilts her head back and starts fucking Elizabeth's throat with wild erratic thrusts, finally orgasming with the force of a small geyser.

Elizabeth's hands go from attempting to push Kaalia away to falling limp at her sides as thick spurts of Gelatinous rape-goo squirt directly in her stomach. Elizabeth shuddered as she felt the torrent of Kaalia's cum slither down her throat, her hand irresistibly snaking up between her legs and pleasing her clit as a filthy orgasm ravaged her body.

For whole minutes, the two remain locked together as a muffled squirting noise can be heard above Kaalia's moans as she dumped her load deep inside Elizabeth, her belly swelling out as if three months pregnant with twins. She pulls out suddenly as her orgasm nears its end, painting Elizabeth's dazed expression with a half-dozen thick streams of lumpy yellowish-white cream.

Kaalia tilts Elizabeth's face upwards, utterly degraded and covered in a lumpy lattice of cooling cum and looked deep in Elizabeth's eyes, seeing the protracted struggle as Elizabeth desperately tried regaining control of her mind and body. Kaalia smirked at the futile struggle and with a puff of violet smoke, conjured an ornate lip ring segmented down the middle with small amethyst gems.

Elizabeth looks at the conjured piece of jewelry and tries feebly to pull away but Kaalia holds her still pierces her lower lip, the amethyst glowing like a beacon of depravity signaling the onslaught of the next phase in Elizabeth's torment. Strangely, Elizabeth felt no pain from the piercing but began to feel waves of corrupting magic suffuse both her lips and throat with heat.

As Kaalia lets go of her face, she nonchalantly said, "Another punishment for using magic and a blessing for being such a good fuck-slave."

Kaalia turns to leave, making it as far as the entrance before Elizabeth groans and defiantly says despite being covered in cum and degrading by a hexed lip ring, "I swear i'll escape from this hell.."

Kaalia paused just outside the entrance of the cell and turns back to face Elizabeth. "By the time I'm done training you to me my little bitch, that will be the last thing you'd ever desire," said Kaalia simply before she allows the cell door to slam shuts behind her.

Despair began to settle in as Elizabeth laid down on the cot, curling up in a fetal position as she tried desperately to regain her sense of self. She felt her body hugging dress plaster firmly against her thighs as arousal, cum, and sweat coat her body in a way that made her feel absolutely filthy She tried to repeat to herself firmly that she will escape but her alter ego quickly countered by arousing her as her hands unconsciously cradling the swell of her belly tenderly and feeling cum sloshing in her stomach.

Over time, Elizabeth discovered the nature of the hex inlaid into the lip ring, her lips feeling hot and puffy as they continue to swell outwards, a pleasurable sensation highlighted when she licks her lips. She could feel every pulse of magic as the hex modified them back to the glossy dick-wrappers that she had back to the cave.

But this time it was highlighted by something far more arousing and terrifying to Elizabeth. It began when she also noticed her throat pulsing with waves of pleasure every time she swallowed, reminding her of when kaalia transformed her throat into an erogenous zone. But this time it was highlighted by a rising addiction to consume cum. As Elizabeth's toned belly deflated, she began to feel an animalistic urge to swallow down more, to feel it slowly slide down the back of her throat and pool inside her stomach.

Tears dripped down her cheeks as she felt helpless amidst the encompassing urge to be a worthless cumdumpster, willing to do anything just for another bellyful of lumpy fuck-sludge.in desperation, Elizabeth tried to remove the lip ring but as soon as her fingers touch the cool metal, they suddenly flop uselessly to her sides.

We can't remove it, Mistress wants our body to be turned into her personal pleasure tool. She'll give us cum....we need cum. Cum makes babies, Cum is food, Cum is our reward for slavery. We love cum...we eat cum...we need cum..

For the first time since she regained consciousness, Elizabeth heard her alter-ego speak to her for the first time. It came from everywhere and nowhere but she felt it coil like a serpent over her thoughts, quietly suppressing the ones that didn't further its agenda.

But she managed to fight back, triumphantly blocking out the presence long enough to properly examine the magical wards securely preventing her escape. She felt a pulse of confidence undermined by the abating laughter of her alter ego as she sat up and got off her cot. While she cleaned her face and restored some of her dignified composure, she analyzed the wards lined across the wall in a large single band.

Elizabeth managed to discern enough of the jagged wards to undermine the spell, sending pulses of magic that ripped some the arcane threads from the spell that imprisoned her. Her body throbs with pleasure as the brand on her back pulses and glows in protest as if to remind her of the penalty of using magic inside the cell. But for the meantime, in spite of the pleasure pulsating from her tattooed back up to the back of her head, she felt empowered as a rush of magic blazed through her curvy body.

But her euphoria was interrupted the moment she heard footsteps approaching her cell and inhaled a familiar whiff of arousal inducing pheromones. She got to her feet and quickly moved away from the door, an Amaranthine flame bursting into existence just above her palm as she waited.

Elizabeth's heart raced as the door opened and that's when she finally struck. she dashed forward throwing the spell at kaalia as her features tinge with surprise as the spell engulfs the demoness and blasted against the obsidian wall, sending a cloud of smoke and rubble blasting into the hallway beyond.

Elizabeth felt victorious as she reached the entrance, assuming her surprising triumph over the Demoness that enslaved and attempted to remold her. But as she reached the door, poised to make a rush down the unknown hallway beyond, a silver-grey hand reached out and grabbed Elizabeth by the throat and slammed her against the wall.

Stars explode in Elizabeth's field of vision as she felt the air get knocked out of her, gasping for breath as she saw Kaalia shrug off the spell, completely unharmed but clearly aroused and incredulous.

Elizabeth grabbed at Kaalia's hands wrapped around her throat, struggling to breath in her iron grip as Kaalia leaned in close and tilted her head to the side. "I love it when you play hard to get."

Kaalia's grip loosens and her cock grows semi-hard, throbbing against Elizabeth's thigh as Kaalia added, "But it's my turn now."

Elizabeth could smell the sudden debilitating surge of pheromones wafting off Kaalia's body as a purple smoke rose from every pore of her skin. Elizabeth tried turning away to avoid the intoxicating cloud of smoke but Kaalia forced her to face her and watched as the smoke poured up Elizabeth's nose and inside her mouth. Instantly any equilibrium she regained was destroying and she felt her alter ego return with a vengeance, It's taunting laughter coiling in her chest as her nipples instantly stiffened and indented her dress, her thighs slick with overwhelming arousal.

Elizabeth arched her back as she unconsciously thrusted her hips forward against kaalia's cock, a thick film of sweat plastered the simple dress to her curvy body as she whimpered in need. She felt that incessant itch between her legs, wanting nothing more than a big pillar of pulsating tattooed girl-cock to fuck her raw and paint her insides with thick globs of gooey cum.

Kaalia smirked broadly as she witnessed Elizabeth's loss of control, merely slides her shaft inside the slit of her dress and between Elizabeth's slick thighs, lubricating her cock and forcing Elizabeth to feel it throb and pulse with need as it presses against the smoldering wet heat of her cunt.

Kaalia leans in and hisses cruelly in Elizabeth's ear as she shears off Elizabeth's dress with one hand and forces her facedown on the bed, "No brainless bitch has ever resisted like you have, has fucked like you have..and is going to break like you are."

Elizabeth fearfully attempts to fight back , trying in vain to rise or force Kaalia off her but the demoness methodically puts her in a full nelson and lines up her throbbing tattooed cock with the puckered ring of Elizabeth's ass.

Kaalia slams forward, pressing her swollen head against Elizabeth's anus who desperately puckered her ass to prevent the Demoness from entering. Elizabeth's eyes nearly bug out of her skull until they cross and roll up in her head, her voice coming out in whimpers and choked gurgles as inch after brutal inch forces its way inside her despite Elizabeth trying to resist the tattooed shaft.

But unfortunately for Elizabeth, Kaalia succeeds in going balls deep inside her round ass and lets out an animalistic groan. As she begins to thrust, becoming more and more aroused as she lewdly stared at Elizabeth's jiggling ass.But as Elizabeth felt Kaalia's eyes slide up her arched back and gaze upon the tattoo branded upon her back, she could feel the demoness begin to thrust harder.

Elizabeth didn't need her depraved alter ego or the frantic slams of her captors massive cock raping her ass to tell how much Kaalia perversely enjoyed the large pentagram binding Elizabeth to her every whim. As she felt more and more pleasure wiping away her thoughts and the alter ego assuming control of her body, she felt nothing but the shame and arousal of being used and dominated.

Kaalia then begins to taunt Elizabeth, "Do you want...mmm.. to know why your...mmmppphhh... whores magic failed?"

Kaalia leans in close, licking up Elizabeth's cheek, "Because ever since that night i raped your body, mind, and soul I infected you with the best gift a Goddess could give a brainless bimbo slave like you."

Kaalia licks Elizabeth again her fuck-slaves eyes flutter and roll up in her head, clearly giving into the masochistic pleasure at having her ass devastated by her tattooed shaft. Kaalia began to give in to the animalistic urges she felt pulsing out from her massive dick squelching deeper inside Elizabeth; beginning to see her aptitude for magic and intelligence as a prime candidate for breeding.

Kaalia fucks her as hard as she can, undulating her hips and cramming every inch of her cock inside her. She nearly loses it when she feels Elizabeth's anus clamp down on her shaft like a second mouth, sucking her deeper inside her ass and refusing to let her pull out.
