 I, Eronemus, hereby set down in my hand the following account of my travels (and travails) in the land of Erkmark. Briefly, Erkmark is a long-settled land which had suffered the fate of many long-standing, decadent polities. In the centuries that preceded this account, the ruling order withered and disappeared to be replaced by a patchwork of local strong bosses, each holding absolute power within the finite limits of the lands upon which each managed to stake out as his own. This account concerns my perils in the territory of the Council of Ten, a matriarchy of female wizards ruling in absolute and despotic power. 

I had been, at various times in past, a waghalter, bawd, agitator of the masses, scribe, clerk and sage of minor note. I am also ever-interested in the proclivities of enforced nakedness in the company of clothed women. Believing that I was a man of no mean skill and acumen, I dared to cross over into the Council's lands after procuring servants, mounts and supplies for a week-long road journey. Knowing what I know now I am astounded at the extent of my extreme naivety.

We crossed into the Council's lands on the afternoon of the first day and were left alone for three days thereafter. We passed rustic farms and villages peopled with folk of a cautious and fearful disposition. By twilight of the fourth day, we were accosted by constructs of burnished pewter bearing cruel weapons of great efficacy. Of my party of retainers, I have since not known what happened. After despoiling us of our mounts and provisions, our captors separated me from my companions and brought me to a looming edifice of ancient basaltic stone. This turned out to be the keep of the Council of Ten.

-------------------------------

I found myself in a large, dark cavernous hall. The floor was covered with flagstones of polished, smooth grey stone and the ceiling and far walls could only be guessed at, as I could not see them. It was a bit drafty and cool. I was standing in a space about thirty feet in diameter lit in soft golden light. At the end of my vision was a long banquet table heaped with sumptuous food and drink. 

So far, I had been treated with kind indifference, seeing only more constructs who locked me up in a plain living suite. I checked out my suite and found a nice washtub and rather dignified-looking clothes in the closet. Seeing these, I lost little time in bathing myself and changing to the rather nice brownish coat and stylish velvet trousers which I could only assume were for me. It was right after I completed my ablutions that my steel captors took me to the hall.

Presently, there was a sound of large doors opening and dignified footsteps. At the edge of my vision, I saw that the seats behind the banquet table began to be filled. It was still too dark for me to see with certainty but I could reasonably surmise about more than five and less than ten of them. 

Even from where I was, I could tell they were all female, and quite lovely to the extreme. Each was done up in elegant style quite different from the other. The one facing me appeared to be a ravishing blonde with a rouged complexion. Her shoulders and upper slopes of her delightfully ample breasts were bare, set-off by the cut of her exquisite gown. The sight of those delicious globes straining against the fabric of her gown stirred my loins and, against my better judgment, turned me on. 

The one beside her was petite, with coffee-colored skin of sexy smoothness. She appeared to be just as elegantly dressed as her blonde companion and decked with pearls and gemstones. I hurriedly looked away as her eyes caught mine- and I was discomfited to have been caught staring at her shapely breasts and curvy form. I knew I could be in trouble if these (who I could only assume to be those commanding my captors) suspected that I was eyeing them in a vulgar manner. Something disturbed me as her lovely almond-shaped eyes met mine for a brief instant. Was it naked lust I caught in them? Or some hungry longing in her stare- the sort found in a ravening she-wolf just while she toys with her helpless prey.

I was in a flat area with nothing but floor space as far as I could see and reach. I felt open, alone and somewhat undressed as I grew conscious of the intensifying scrutiny of my largely silent yet intense female viewers. The silence was only broken by the clink and clatter of glasses and plates as they feasted on the provender laid out before them, as well as the occasional hushed words passed between one woman to another. They were very dignified and I was growing very much disturbed that they were scrutinizing me. Occasionally one would giggle in a girlish manner, which I found delightful. My cock appeared to agree as it would give a twitch every time this happened.

Attempting to take charge of the situation, I cleared my throat and broke out in salutation in the Common Tongue, hoping to provoke a positive, if not sympathetic reaction. I was still not clear if I was a captive or a guest, and I was hoping my status was that of the latter.

I was disappointed to hear no reaction as they all continued to carry on as if I had not spoken. Only when I attempted to speak again, this time with a tremor in my voice, did a response become manifest. The dark petite one raised her hand with her palm outstretched beckoning me to be silent. I could see her delightful almond-shaped eyes narrow as her brow furrowed giving her an intense pouting expression I found sexy. 

"Quite an impatient one, this creature." Said the blonde with large breasts.

"He'll learn," Said another, who I glimpsed was a stunning redhead, seated at the far end of the table. "Deliver him to me for a week and I'll return him to you naked, tamed and eager to please."

This elicited some laughter causing the dark petite to remark, "I thought we agreed to share this one between the ten of us."

"I don't think he'll survive that long, given your proven appetites for cock." Laughed another in a tinkling voice off to the side.

"Still, he seems awfully small- not robust as the others we've had." Said the blonde.

"I guess we can find out what he's made of then." Said the dark petite making what seemed to be a casual gesture with her wrist and fingers. "Alfer stradum nikolegadus- zim!" 

After pronouncing her last syllables quite forcefully and swiftly, I grew aware of a slight clanking noise, as if made by links of a light metal, coming from above. I looked up and saw two lengths of silvery chain descending slowly. Each length terminated in a fetter that seemed to fit my wrists exactly. I must have been gaping stupidly as the chains moved like they had a life of their own. So much so, that I failed to hear what the dark sexy petite was saying to me until she hissed in displeasure, snapping me back into reality.

"I shall not command you again little man-thing." She hissed. "Raise you arms up high and wait for the chains to take your wrists." I could sense the silvered chains hanging quite closely above by now. Somehow, there was movement on the floor near my shoes too, but I could not make out just exactly what it was.

I could only gape astoundedly in disbelief as I endured the scrutiny of these women. My heart was pounding and I knew I was I deep trouble.

"Very well," Sighed the sharp-witted redhead, the one who threatened to strip and enslave me. Swiftly, she made a motion with her hand, palms-up while muttering something that sounded like, "Glooferz geroom nakhaheem!" 

At that, both my arms were pushed up by an invisible force. Try as I might, I was helpless to prevent their being forced up above my head and slightly apart, as if I were surrendering to an enemy. As my fingers brushed the links above me, I felt them slip silently onto my wrists with a life of their own. Then, with an ominous metallic click, locked me secure. 

"Wha-," Was all I could manage, so flustered and bewildered was I as I was magicked against my will. By now, any doubts as to my status before what seemed to be some members of the Council of Ten had long vanished.

"Shhh," Beckoned the big breasted blonde smiling widely and muttering her own cantrip while extending a finger as if beckoning to me. I glanced downward, and to my dismay felt my legs being parted on their own. Unable to prevent this, I saw a similar pair of fetters materialize from the floor and click shut trapping both my ankles.

I was now standing upright in the center of the airy hall, in the position of a big "X" with my arms and legs outstretched and spread. These were formidable wizards indeed.

"Vrennish lagresh." Muttered the dark sexy petite, smiling all the while and licking her full winsome lips as if in anticipation of a delicious meal. At that, the stylish brown coat I had on just disappeared into thin air. I was left in my ruffled white undershirt.

"Not bad sister." Said another from the sides. "But I want more flesh. Let's see some skin."

At a gesture and whispered cantrip, my undershirt evaporated leaving me bare from the waist up. There were hisses and giggles from my female audience and I could sense what felt like a hot sexual hunger emanating from them. They could now see that I became frantic, struggling impotently to free myself of the shackles. Although it was cool, I was now sweating profusely and my chest, arms and armpits glistened with a slight sheen of lather. 

To be honest, despite my distress at my present predicament, I was vibrant from head to toe. Some detached part of my brain found this sexy and exciting. My cock couldn't help but agree, stiffening up in its comfortable place between my legs. I briefly glanced down and saw a tell-tale bulge forming at my crotch. As my legs were forced apart, my growing hard-on was only too apparent. 

Clinically, the blonde appeared to be studying me. "Hmmmm, chest not as big as expected. Given that he's a scribe, I am not surprised. Hairless too. I like his nipples- dark and hard."

"You always liked scrawny men, sister." Giggled the redhead.

"Ah, but be not too quick to judge this one." Followed the dark petite. "His kind may yet surprise you." She indicated the bulge between my legs and to my dismay, I noted that my cock was now tenting the fabric of my pants, straining to get out from the confining veil of clothing.

I felt myself blushing and forming goosebumps on my exposed flesh as they giggled at this discovery. 

"Please, don't do this." Was all I could manage, begging them for forbearance and mercy.

"Oh very well," She answered, and with a gesture, restored my undershirt. I inwardly sighed with relief, perhaps they can be reasoned with after all. 

Was I wrong. Dead wrong.

This appeared to have caused her companions to complain, whereupon with a definitive gesture she intoned, "Kerennish lagreshis garbo!"

Her spell ended with her pointing straight between my legs and in a twinkle of an eye, my pants, underwear, socks and shoes evaporated into thin air. Just like that, I was standing with my legs spread wide open and my cock with a burning, glorious erection suddenly stripped for all to see. 

"Oooh," I involuntarily moaned with shame and a twinge of excitement. Much as I hated it, my cock seemed to love it, hanging naked and free. If anything, my erection grew even bigger as I felt my cock and balls throb with excitement. My rock-hard tool was now pointed forward and slightly up in the direction of my captors.

So shocked was I that only when I felt the breeze caressing the bare cheeks of my ass, did the reality of my stripped nudity finally hit me.

"Let's get a closer look then, sisters." Smirked the blonde as they stood up and approached. I must have shirked a little as I felt their presence approaching. Up close they looked even more sexy, smelling of musk and pussy. In turn, this excited me more even as I dreaded what was sure to follow.

The little petite reached me first, and I could read only vulgar lust in her eyes as she stared intently at my erect penis. Muttering a Word of Power, she touched my shoulder and instantly, I felt the breeze on my arms, chest and back. I stifled a sob knowing that she had just finally stripped me of every last stitch I had on. What was left of my clothes evaporated into thin air.

Now, I was displayed stark naked to them. 

My head began to reel as I seemed to be engulfed in a layer of musky, hot, female flesh. The blonde (who was much taller than I was) began to caress my shoulders, fingers softly trailing across my armpits and ending on my rapidly hardening nipples. Then, she cruelly pinched them, causing me to squirm in my bindings and eliciting laughter at my naked helplessness.

While this was going on, the redhead moved beyond my field of vision and I felt her long cool fingertips sliding sensuously across my bare back, down the outline of my spine, past my nude hips and flanks and up once more, across the naked globes of my ass. I was now helpless with delight as my embarrassment at my chained nakedness evaporated into excitement. Sensing perhaps my excitement, the redhead snapped me momentarily out of it by suddenly inserting her fingers into my ass crack, causing me to jump and squirm in my bonds.

As I glanced about me, I saw my captors now staring down at my bound, helpless nudity. Without warning, the dark petite reached out and ran the tips of her soft fingers slowly down my abdomen. I felt them journey ever downward, to my stomach, and even lower. I felt them brush the shaved muff of pubic thatch, and although my cock involuntarily moved to meet her touch, she avoided it, caressing my nude outstretched thighs instead. I groaned in anticipation and delight, feeling her sensually glide her fingers across the naked skin of my inner thighs so vulgarly exposed to her attentions. 

Meeting my eye, she haughtily queried me, "You like it don't you, slut?" She said with a cruel smile.

All I could do was numbly nod, again and again as words wouldn't come out of my mouth. 

Then, without warning, I felt feminine fingers close upon my stiff hot cock. I could only sigh in delighted dismay as my stiffened, throbbing, hot meat was imprisoned in the grip of one of my captors. 

A raven haired wizard wearing only finely worked golden bracelets and rings had moved up close and now had my poor throbbing cock in her grasp. She was a beauty, with dusky smooth skin all over. In a daze I glimpsed her large, luscious breasts dangling right in front of me, like ripe juicy fruit. In my state of delirium, I had this overpowering urge to tit-fuck her, jamming my swollen cocktip against her dark large nipples which stood out in arousal, smearing them with sticky, hot precum.  

"Answer her!" She demanded while suddenly squeezing the shaft of my throbbing, hot penis. 

Yelping in pain, I frantically answered, "Y-yes." I was breathless and shaking, covered in a layer of hot sweat. 

"Yes Mistress." She intoned, again squeezing my captive naked erection.

"Yes Mistress." I repeated, blushing in shame. Somehow with this, it seemed to me that I admitted defeat; that I accepted their suzerainty over my nude person and that I was hereafter to be their sex slave. I felt insignificant, helpless and totally naked to them. 

"That's better." Whispered the dark petite to me, edging closer. The aroma of her womanly musk was overpowering. I could smell her lust and caught a whiff of sexy cunt juice as she leaned close and savored my helpless struggles in the nude. 

I was barely conscious of the raven haired wizard murmuring, "Good, very good little man-thing." I could hardly focus as waves of pleasure radiated from my exposed middle. Now, her sexy fingers caressed my smooth, engorged shaft which had stiffened so hard like a bar of white hot steel. I sighed as she tickled my balls, now hanging nakedly for all to see. My balls were now so swollen, and her finger tips only aroused them so much more that they were becoming painful. Rhythmically, she pumped my throbbing hot cock and I didn't realize my nude hips and butt were making unconscious pumping movements of their own, matching her strokes. I knew I was on the verge of cumming and it would be a gusher!

"Please," I begged helplessly. "I'm going to cum. I- I can't keep it in." 

"I'm gonna cummmm." I mumbled breathlessly. 

Sensing this, she stopped and my captors appeared to move slightly back. They were grinning sardonically, hungrily devouring my bared helpless form with looks that meant me little good. Given a reprieve, I took command of my senses (as much as I could, given my state of naked distraction) and waited for what would come next. I was vibrantly shaking from head to toe, my nude skin hot and sweaty from my naked exertions. 

From the corner of my vision, I noticed that my captors were now passing around some tiny multi-colored pots and brushes. Then, I felt a soft caress on my nude butt cheeks. I moaned involuntarily at this pleasant sensation, as it seemed like a feather was being moved across the bared globes of my ass. I trembled deliciously and my cock throbbed even more fiercely. 

"Keep still, little man-thing." Hissed a voice from behind. "We are scribing magicks on your nude posterior." This was followed by laughter and lustful giggles.

The big blonde confronted me and knelt directly before me, her gaze at level with my hot, throbbing, erect cock. I trembled with anticipation and sighed again with sheer pleasure as she took hold of the swelling cocktip. I felt her thumb and forefinger around my cocktip, which was so full and reddish like a tiny helmet, smooth and hot to touch. Feeling her attentions and soft touch on my cocktip only made me even more conscious of my state of total nakedness. I could feel her thumb glide over my tiny pisshole at the end of my smoothened cocktip, smearing itself with sticky, hot precum. Sensuously, she began to glide her thumb in tiny, tiny circles, spreading a film of my hot man-syrup before withdrawing it, and sucking her thumb in her full, red lips. 

"Oooh," I gasped once more, helpless and trembling with shamed delight. 

"Poor thing." She murmured in mock sympathy, her eyes still inches away from the smoothened helmet of my cocktip. "It's crying. Probably needs its mommy." This elicited more laughter from my female audience who were thoroughly enjoying my nude exhibition.

Together with the dark petite and her redhead companion, they began to paint intricate designs on my naked skin- starting below my tummy and moving in circle around my stiff cock and swollen balls. The tickling yet sensuous feel of their tiny brushes with their deft movements were driving me to delirious pleasure. Before long, they had completed what appeared to be a rune-covered grinning devilish face with an outstretched tongue – the latter being my naked stiffened, throbbing cock.

At that point, I was dying to cum and trembled uncontrollably with unreleased lust. My captors knew this and drew back admiring their handiwork on my naked skin. I prayed to whatever gods who would listen for a release from this, but I feared there would be no reprieve for me. 

Just then, I felt the air itself tremble. The dim light around us flickered and died. The darkness was cold and fraught with echoes of shouts, screams and the clash of steel in the distance. I could feel goosebumps form up on my nudity and I shivered with uncertainty and some fright. 

As suddenly as it left, the light came on allowing me to catch a glimpse of my captors running away towards the banquet table and disappearing into the darkness beyond. Most were screaming orders at some servitors which remained unseen to me. 

I was then left alone, naked, bound and open. 

I lost track of time and after what seemed to be an eternity of waiting, I grew conscious of the presence of several persons in the chamber. I caught a glimpse of human forms approaching from where my captors ran off to. I dared to hope this was liberation for me.
