 Writer's note: This is a continuation of the further adventures of Eronemus who had just been rescued from his erstwhile captors. In writing this story, I sought to explore themes of light CFNM set within a pseudo-swords and sorcery backdrop. I also suggest bit of suspension of disbelief when reading this story for which I place no claims of profundity. I hope you enjoy it and have a great week ahead of you. 

Our story continued:  

As I stepped into the pool of light I was drenched in a painful brilliance that made me squint involuntarily. At the same time, I experienced what seemed to be a blast of coldness as such that existed between the stars. This caused me to hug myself closely to preserve whatever warmth remained on my bare skin. All this passed in a mere instant, and I was transported to another place altogether.

The pool of light vanished and I stepped out under the lowering warmth of twilight skies framed by the swaying canopy of jungle giants towering above. Of that space where the pool of light had been, only a scorched circle of burned vegetation remained. Without a doubt I was in a jungle clearing, bounded on all sides by leafy tall trees whose broad-leafed branches spread out profusely, creating a ceiling of verdure a hundred feet high. 

The air was close, humid and warm- for which I was instantly glad, given my state of undress. Instead of the musty malevolence of basalt slabs from the Tower of the Ten, I found myself breathing in the not-unpleasant scents of fresh loam and verdure. Living sounds of the wood filled the air around us.

As I was came to my senses, blinking in confusion, I realized I was in the company of a full dozen Amazons. They were similarly accoutered as my recent rescuers, displaying the same martial bearing. For the most part, they were attractive, athletic women with delightful physiques. I found myself surrounded by stunning (and quite sexy) armed warrioresses who appeared to be scrutinizing me quizzically. A few broke out in open grins and began to question their companions who had I followed through the pool of light. 

From the rapid exchanges I overheard, I could tell they were recounting the circumstances of my recent rescue. These only served to remind me all too well of my nudity. This, and the fact that both my ass groin still bore the many intricate, multicolored runes scribed upon them by my erstwhile captors. Instinctively, I covered my throbbing staff and balls and contemplated running off to the edge of the clearing find a bush to hide behind. Only the fear of some hidden danger prevented me from doing this. 

Still, being the subject of much giggling and pointing at my cock somewhat turned me on in some strange way. This only served to restore my erection which was beginning to flag at this point. To my dismay, my engorged tool which I sought to hide from sight was standing straighter and harder than ever. This appears to have not escaped my companions' attention judging from their amused reactions. I blushed and broke out in gooseflesh wishing I could disappear and be somewhere else. 

Everyone grew silent as their tall leader who had broken my bonds in the hall of The Ten stepped up. 

"So, Eronemus," She began. "We have heard of you in these parts. To be honest, we were astounded at your temerity in braving the territory of the Council of Ten. We believed you were either incredibly brave or incredibly stupid to have done what you did." 

"More of the latter I'm afraid, lady." I replied, in a voice tinged with much regret.

"I am not a lady of substance and wealth." She pointed out quickly. "I am a huntress and scout- I am called Morg, and I am Suprema of the Moira Clan." 

I recalled my readings of the folk from this part of Erkmark. These warrior folk were primarily affiliated to a clan, several of which formed a tribe. 

"Being of the Moira Clan, am I correct in assuming your loyalties are to the Eriennyx Tribe?" I asked cautiously. "I have read that the Eriennyx are renowned warrioresses and peerless scouts to boot."

"You are correct." Replied Morg. "You appear to be versed in the lore of our land little scribe." She added, nodding her head. I hoped she was sufficiently impressed. 

"Still, your reasons for braving the Ten's attention are your own. What is done is done. The point I'm making is that you are now part of our struggle to liberate Old Ermark, whether you like it or not. Your recent capture and marking by the wizards of the council-"Her lips broke into a sardonic grin at the mention of the "marking" of my groin and ass by my erstwhile captors. "-now makes you a fugitive. Henceforth, you shall be hunted by the Council of Ten, as you should know those wizards do not take kindly to being deprived of a tasty morsel such as yourself." 

I couldn't tell if she was being sarcastic but this provoked the company surrounding me to peals of laughter. Being the object of such attention was not to my liking at all. I hugged my nude limbs to myself and clutched my cock much tighter. 

Damn, my cock was still hard as a rock. 

"But all is not lost for you Eronemus." Continued Morg, her bright blue eyes flashing. "We are offering you a way out. We heard you are a sage, clerk and agitator of no mean standing."

"Yes, most definitely my la-, er, Morg." I replied swiftly, perhaps a tad too eagerly.

"Thus what I propose to you is this: lend your voice to our Resistance and in exchange, we shall keep your tender naked person away from the clutches of those cock-hungry spell users. You are fortunate we arrived at the time we did. Freeing you involved not an inconsiderable sum of wealth and anima -- without factoring in the danger I placed my command when we stole into the Ten's Sanctum. Any later and they would have devoured you and leeched you of your male essence."

At this, I saw myself being milked dry by my cock surrounded by man-eating sorceresses. I would slowly fade away and die, my balls withering in cold finality. No, it wasn't a pleasant thought.

"I believe they see you as a uniquely-aspected male, whose seed would be mined for much anima: essential for their magicks." 

Our talk then turned to other matters at hand.

"We are in the Forest of Yerras, and we know this place as we have spent most of our lives in its environs." Continued Morg.

From the extant maps I studied, I knew I was tens of leagues far to the south of what was Old Ermark, seat of the Council of Ten's power. The land here was considerably warmer- more tropical than temperate, lush with an abundance of exotic flora and fauna. It was also the stronghold of the various tribes of Amazons. It was a combination of locality, independent hardiness and a simple refusal to knuckle under which kept the Amazon tribes free of the Ten's dominion. 

"The Council has overstretched itself. We feel that the time to strike grows near. To free this land, we will need to unite the other Freeholds throughout Old Ermark. We need a persuasive voice, a learned voice- someone who speaks with conviction, who can inspire others to step from the sidelines and unite under our just cause." Said Morg.

"We hope you have what it takes to do this Eronemus." Said a brown-haired Amazon in a studded jerkin of polished leather, concluding Morg's little speech. I later learned that this was Clys, a senior warden in Morg's command.

At that point, I felt that this was the best chance I had to stay a step ahead of those cock-hungry viragos we had just left. Ever conscious of the dramatic, I pulled back my shoulders and stood much straighter. With a slight bow and flourish, I then replied with as much conviction as I could muster. 

"Morg, I shall champion your fight."

Unfortunately, the effect was not as impressive as I'd hoped. Given that I was bare-ass naked and sporting a tremendous erection, my cock just as impressively bobbed up and down in time with my dramatic reply. This elicited more laughter from my audience causing me to shield my uncooperative penis as I felt myself turning beet red from embarrassment.

"Very well, Eronemus, that will be good enough for now." Managed Morg after repeatedly stifling her giggles. 

At this, she made a curt gesture and the warband broke into what appeared to be a march column. I was awakened from my reverie by a sharp slap on the cheeks of my bare behind. I started and looked back to see Clys towering over me, grinning from ear to ear. 

"Middle of the column, little man." She pointed.

"B-but what about clothes? At least give me something to cover myself?" I begged.

"You feeling cold?" She asked. It was actually nice, close and warm- and my skin reveled in the humidity of the jungle. 

"Uh, no." I replied. "I just thought that since we were now allies, I didn't have to walk around like this."

"You mean without your cock hanging out like that, eh?" She growled. Somehow, I felt she didn't really think very much of me. 

"Forget it. You heard Morg. She promised to keep your ass away from The Ten, nothing more. Besides, we still can't trust you. The way you're kitted out now, I figure you won't be so anxious to wander off on your own in the nude."

So that was it. Until they could trust me, I was little better than a naked tag-along. Realizing this, I slumped my bare shoulders and heaved a great sigh.

"Don't worry Eronemus." Said a voice from behind me at the same time I felt a friendly pat on my naked ass cheeks. Angrily, I wished these women stayed off my butt for a change! 

Looking back I saw that another warrioress approached us while Clys was doing her harangue. This one had light brown hair done up in a cute page-boy cut. She had the prettiest face, with lustrous, big brown eyes and a wonderful pert nose, slightly upturned. I noticed with appreciation her almost boyish curves, tight, firm breasts and a pleasantly rounded ass. Seeing her smile melted away my displeasure as suddenly as it surfaced. 

I also turned away slightly to shield my cock which I feared was deciding to go stiff on me once more. After all, this girl was hot! 

"I'm Magda." She said, extending her right hand. I noticed she had small, girlish fingers which were so delightful.

"Uhm, yes, I'm Eronemus." I managed, extending my right hand from where it was covering my cock. Swiftly, my left hand took over, covering my throbbing meat. Too late, I realized my right palm was smeared with cum.

"I'm so sorry Magda." I stuttered, flustered at seeing the look of surprise in her face as she glanced at her hand and wiped it on her trouser leg. "This isn't turning out to be my day." 

"No problem, Eronemus." She replied, still smiling good-naturedly. "Clys assigned me to look after you during our march. Don't worry- I'll protect you."

Somehow, that reassured me.

-----------------------------

We marched for an hour and a half, at an almost leisurely pace. The sun was still on its setting course so there was plenty of light to guide us. Besides, the Amazons certainly knew their way around the Forest of Yerras. The ground was mostly covered in soft yellow-brown lichen which was pleasant to walk on even with my bare feet. The air was warm and close. Although I was surrounded with a profuse multiplicity of fantastic verdure, I felt safe in the company of these armed females who certainly looked like they knew their business. 

Morg called for a rest break soon thereafter.

We were in another clearing with a fresh spring burbling off to the side. While half their number stood watch, the balance of our warband went to refresh themselves. Without much ado, the Amazons began to strip off their arms and armor and washed in the spring. I was treated to the delightful sight of so many naked women. There were so many bobbing boobs, bouncing asses and pretty pussies- all of different sizes and proportions, all very sexy and wet.

Magda seemed to have caught me staring so I looked away. I sat on the lichen, crossing my legs and hugging my front. Then she sat beside me on the grass. She smelled nice, of clean sweat mixed with the sexy scent of womanhood.

"I saw how you stared at my sisters." She began. 

"Are you men always like that?"

"What do you mean?" I asked. "You're not mad at me, are you?"

" Me?" She asked. "Oh no. I just find you men all so funny."

"And why is that?" I asked, looking sideways at her. 

Although I was slightly miffed at her condescending attitude, I relished the sound of her voice, and her smile was absolutely captivating. I loved how the sexy lines of her neck blended into the sleek, creamy skin of her shoulders, her collarbone, her softly heaving chest.

"See, there you go again." I heard her say.

"What?" I asked.

"You men are so distracted. You are such soft and malleable creatures. But that's why I find you so likeable." She said, briefly touching me, her fingers grazing the hairs of my forearm.

Somehow, I felt warm inside. I didn't feel so naked, although I was sitting in the nude beside an armed and armored Amazon. One as pretty as Magda.

Then, she giggled as she stood up. She offered me a hand up and I took it, not even bothering to cover up anymore. She walked slowly off to the brook which was, by now devoid of any bathers. From afar, I heard Morg call out.

"Maggs- get him to clean himself up. I've had just about enough trying to get the sisters focus of march security without laughing to death each time they see his butt."

Twisting and glancing swiftly at my naked butt, I looked quizzically at Magda. She pulled out several pads of some dried broad leaves and began tearing these into strips. She passed a few to me and started to explain.

"Mix this with water and rub it on your skin where the wizzos made their marks. The paint should rub off after some scrubbing. Just keep at it."

"I thought they were magical runes?" I asked, fearing the worst from the incantations I suspected they were.

By then, we reached the brook. Magda sat on a nearby upturned log and drank from a water bottle.

"Don't kid yourself little man." She chuckled. "They're not magicks. Just trashy nonsense. I could even read them to you if you like. They're in Hovanish runes, which we all learned in the Schola."

"Really? So what do the ones on my behind say?"

"They read: 'Spank my sexy butt- Please!' "She said, breaking into a giggling fit. 

"As I feared. And those in my front?"

"Suck my dick." This time, she was covering her mouth and giggling like a little girl.

"Not in any way magical?"

"Nope. Not a chance." 

Somehow, I couldn't get myself upset at her. In fact, I found her giggling quite a turn on. My cock thought so too. I knew this was a sign for me to get into the water. I kept going until the water reached my thighs and covered my waist. I was hot and hard again!

The crushed leaves did produce a bubbly mix that erased the marks on my skin. I decided to work on my groin first, but it was slow going as the runes would not rub off instantly. The slippery jelly flowed over my meat and swollen balls. Even underwater, my fingers kept brushing my stiff tool ensuring that my cock remained good and hard.

I could hear Clys ordering Magda to hurry up. The warband was on the move again.

"Eronemus, we have to go." Called out Magda, standing up and stretching. Boy, was she ever so sexy when she stretched. 

"I need more time, Magda." I answered. "I've only halfway done with my front and haven't started on my rear yet."

"Well, let me do your rear while you finish up on your front." She answered. "Warden Clys says we're moving out in five."

When I didn't respond she called again, this time with a hint of menace in her voice.

"C'mon Eronemus. Get your ass here NOW!"

I sighed. I hoped I would be spared any further feminine attention while I was in waist-deep water. It seemed this was not to be. I waded back to my impatient companion, waiting on the shore, who had lathered her hands in the meantime.

"Move it man, I don't want to go out there and get myself wet!" 

Here goes, I thought.

The water was at my belly, then my hips. 

Now my pubic hair was showing, dripping wet. 

"Get here now Eronemus!"

Then the water was below my thighs and my rigid hot cock, stiff as a metal bar was swinging free in the air. I kept my jelly-covered hands in front of it, but I could sense Magda staring straight at that spot with much more than just a wee bit of curiosity.

As I approached her, it seemed she wanted to say something, took a look at my raging hard-on, and perhaps, thinking the better of it, just shook her head.

"Alright, now turn your back to me and bend over." I did, displaying my naked ass cheeks to her.

"Keep working on your front while I get this paint off your butt." She commanded as she began to scrub my behind. Her soft fingers gliding across the nude globes of my exposed posterior felt so good. I was getting even hotter, and a delicious shiver ran up my spine.

I felt so exposed, so open, so naked, to this sexy Amazon, who was rubbing her hands again and again over my ass. 

"Ooooh," I said, as I gave in to a delightfully breathless moan of pleasure. "Ummmhhhh".

"You remind of a petty Pefft." I heard Magda say through the throbbing in my ears and cock.

"A- a what?" I answered thickly. I tried hard to concentrate on what she was saying- but the feel of her soft fingers making ever-so-smooth circles on my upturned ass was making this well-nigh impossible. I could feel the nearness of her and the heat of her delightfully soft, smooth skin. 

"From where I come from, when a man is recalcitrant or insubordinate, he is hauled before a magistrate who declares him a Pefft." She answered. 

"Uumph." Was what I managed to say.

"Then he is brought to the community circle and publicly stripped nude. He is shaved smooth and then dyed a shade of pale chartreuse. Then, he is compelled to regularly imbibe admixture of extract of Eye of Lamia and Bellwort teas for every day he must serve his punishment. This substance serves to fortify him such that his penis becomes hard and stiff and his balls swollen like those of a bull. 

"Much like yours right now, if I might say so."

"Urgh." I said, as I felt her fingertips venture into my ass crack and linger there for a brief spell. 

"The Pefft is then expected to continue with his daily labors in the nude while in that state of perpetual enforced erection as a warning to others who would attempt similar infractions."

I kept wishing she would never get my behind all cleaned up as I loved the feel of her hands gliding across and cupping my bared butt cheeks. Even this, though, had to end sometime. 

"There Eronemus, we're done." 

I straightened up and twisted around to admire her handiwork. Both my ass cheeks were spotless. 

"Uh, thanks so much Magda." I said, quite unable to meet her gaze. 

"Nice of you to help me out." I mumbled still keeping my hands in front of my throbbing cock. It occurred to me I hadn't had a chance to shoot my wad even before we escaped from the Ten. I could feel beads of precum dribbling out of my bulbous cock-tip which was smooth, reddish and hot to touch. I really needed to shoot off some steam, both figuratively and literally.

"No problem, that's what I'm here for Eronemus. Now let's go rejoin the others." 

She seemed to look down at my groin and then looked me in the eye again.

"You still remind me of a petty Pefft Eronemus."

----------------------

As it got even darker in the jungle floor, the warband's march column bunched closer for security. I lost track of Magda who was ordered up front to join the scouts. In the gathering darkness, I grew conscious of the many alien sights and sounds of the forbidding foliage around us. I was only dimly aware of the warrioresses both front and back of me, marching on and on in the deepening gloom.
