 When the breeze blows low upon the summer waves at the stroke of midnight, curtains dance like daffodils as Dionysus' beckoning flute rises through the trees. The lulling blessed melody spins and weaves with a dazzling crescendo to the beckoning call of a travelling phantom...and with him, his forlorn and intense longing. 

Up through divinely lust laden skies and to the outside of a home where Gaia's warm hearth beats strong, to windows which slowly edge themselves open with beauteous willingness, to allow the quest blessed by Dionysus swelling melodic call, to enter and fully manifest.

Like a translucent shadow in deepest night, orchestrated by the beat of a satyr's might, an hypnotic song blurs his sight...and into her sleeping demesne, he slowly came. Around the sacred sleeping den, the phantom caught sight of her fertile supine form only lightly covered by a thin sheet from the heat of night. The phantom moved and pierced the veil enshrining the avatar of Gaia, waving his ethereal hand and lightly peeling off the sheet and catching his breath at sight of all of her enticing voluptuousness, from head to foot as it was revealed to him. 

The avatar of Gaia stirred and moved her head in a deep sleep, the strap of her nightwear falling down on one of her shoulders, opening and inviting a full plunging gaze down a mountainous cavern of paradise. The phantom blew a sighing caress down her shoulders and neck as he kissed like the wind upon the top of her cradling breast. With a shaking waving hand, her sleeping gown became translucent and like satin it slid down slowly and majestically from her divine womanly form. He watched as her breasts seemed to perk up visibly as they met the crisply electric night air, the nipples thick and engorged, leaping up at his stark melodic cry for sustenance.

The phantom's parched lips sick with want and fevered with desire, lowered themselves upon Gaia's directing breast, whispering sweet nothings unto the night, so mesmerised was he by the movements of her bosom. The music of Dionysus filled his senses as he begin to suckle and fondle at her breast in his longing to be real and for his soul to be healed. A croon of delight came from his very inner being as he tasted the white honey that flowed forth in a thick geyser from Gaia's abundant breast. The phantom took his fill and felt his outline trace ever so faintly white so that he was no longer completely translucent...the milk of Gaia giving his form a vitality and reality of the earth. 

The avatar of Gaia stirred again with a small moan escaping her lips, feeling her healing liquid being drained, sucked out and swallowed at a strongly urgent and rapid rate. She tossed her head and batted her breasts together restlessly in her sleep, her thighs shifting and opening more to the phantom's drinking in her essence and into his own plane of unreality. 

Tenderly as he fed and took in the entirety of Gaia's womanly presence, the wraith of want blew his libidinous caress down her thighs and settled upon her full hips. He saw the invisible glow that conveyed her complete readiness, the time of the month was ripe and fully right and the full moon was high in the sky. With the fierceness of his gaze, the panties of her still sleeping form slid off like an airy moonbeam and between her thighs he dived, wanting to taste her most forbidden fruits.

Down her curvacious body of earthly creation he slid his tongue unbidden, pursuing the crevices in her verdant valley, tasting fruits untasted and pursing his hot lips over her womb entrance. Feeling her sigh, he lapped at the scented fluids that lightly dripped from her honey pot and kissed like the wind inside her. Dionysus' tune intensified again within him as he nubbed a breeze over her soft pleasure bud and felt her tremble cavernously beneath him, her breasts arcing outwards and thighs opening more with bewildering enticement.

Rising, the phantom felt the centre of his virility glow and so he leapt to ascend the throne of want, deftly mounting Gaia's fertile form and plunging his aching need deep inside her. As invisible as the breeze, he felt his thrusts pulsate in rhythm to the Satyr's dance inside his head and the faster the tune played, the more momentum he built within the sacred pleasure dome of their union. Grasping her breasts for satiety and comfort, he fed again upon her all the whilst clutching her hips and jagging his invisible masculine serpent, as deeply inside her as he could reach.

With each push of his inner being, he searched for her own and sought a duality of the spirits. When their spirits would grasp each other and blend themselves wholly in their total embrace, it was then that he knew he could let out all he had held back for days and months, to let out all of the seed that he had made in her name. The song rose again and faster and faster, the spiralling night danced and blurred his vision inside out, her womb igniting and sensing his intent, pulling him more forcefully inside so hungrily.

When suddenly he swelled and swelled and rose and rose, his breath taken and becoming shorter and shorter as the form of Gaia hovered up into the air, Higher and higher, her back arched out and her head splayed backwards, her sweaty thighs held open by Dionysus' divine melodic playing, her breasts leaking and her hips pushing up to him all a quiver as the phantom unleashed a torrent of his invisible seed that burst and gushed with searing intent and severe force deep inside her warm glowing womb. The phantom felt his mind shoot out of Gaia's caress and into the cosmic depths of space, such was the power of his release. High in the celestial body their spirits did entwine and unite for minutes on end, until the spasms of their togetherness softly passed.

And together they fell back to earth, her form like a feather falling back within her sleeping den. The phantom landed upon her fully naked breast and clamped on to her as if in imitation of the life that had surely begin to form within her womb. There he suckled as Dionysus' tune whistled away on the moonlight, its sweet cadence taking him to the realm of Hypnos, the great warriors sleep. 

By dawn he knew that he would disappear again into nothingness, but for now he would take form and shape as the invisibly visible paw upon Gaia's bosom and feel at peace from the world...

Would she know he was there? Would she sense that he had been there when she arose?

The answer lies upon the whispering wind.