 Author's notes: 

I realize chapter one was way too fast. Hopefully this one's a little better. You'll notice I had to change the M.C.'s name about halfway through this chapter. You'll also notice this chapter is mostly devoted to character development. If you can get through it, there is a short sex scene near the end. 

To my CG fans; yes I am working on chapter 08 and hope to post it fairly soon. 

Your votes and comments, good or bad, are ALWAYS appreciated. Bob 

************* 

Banba and Aileen were sitting in their hotel room after enjoying a late dinner of fish and chips when a knock came on the door. When Aileen opened the door, they were surprised to see Officer Crowley. 

"May I come in? I have a message for Lady Banba." 

Banba replied, "sure, come on in. what can I do for you Officer Crowley?" 

"Well first of all I'm off duty. So please call me Kelli. I have a message from your father. He called the station earlier insisting we find you and check on your welfare. I happened to be in the dispatch room when he called. I took the call and spoke to him myself. I explained that I had seen you myself this afternoon and you were perfectly fine. He asked where you were staying. I told him our privacy laws wouldn't allow me to give him that information. He got a bit rude with me and I told him the best I could do was give you a message. You are an adult and have every right to go 'missing' if you choose to do so. He demanded I tell you to call him." 

"Oh my god! He called the police because I forgot to call him? I'm sooo sorry Kelli, my dad can be such a jerk sometimes. Would you like a drink? We have some Chardonnay as well as a fully stocked mini bar." 

"Sure why not? I don't have to work tomorrow. A glass of Chardonnay sounds great right about now." 

Aileen poured Kelli a glass of wine as Banba said, "have a seat. I'll call my dad then we can talk for a while." 

Banba called her father's cell phone. As soon as he answered, he started screaming in her ear. She listened for a few minutes then said, "dad, you're drunk. I'm not gonna talk to you when you're like this." She hung up the phone. He called right back screaming in her ear again. Banba hung up a second time. She dialed her mother's cell phone. 

"Hi mom. I know I should have called sooner but I've been really busy. I haven't had the time. I just got back from Aunt Brianna's and I'm beat. I probably would've forgotten again, but daddy called the police to remind me. I'm sorry I hung up on him mom, but he's drunk and I'm not in the mood to deal with it right now." 

Banba could hear hear her father screaming in the background. "Tell that little bitch I'm not putting up with her shit! She wants to be an adult? She can find herself another place to live when she gets back!" 

Erin said, "Banba sweetie, call me back in an hour. I have a few things to straighten out with your father!" She hung up before Banba could say another word. 

Banba's cell had been on speaker the whole time. Kelli said, "Lady Banba, I would suggest you call the local police to check on your mother. Your father sounds pretty drunk and in my experience, these things don't usually end very well." 

Banba replied, "I can do better than that Kelli." She dialed a number on her cell. "Hi Uncle Pete." 

"Hey there Banba. How's my favorite niece? I thought you were in Ireland on your pilgrimage." 

"I'm, your ONLY niece Uncle Pete. I'm still in Ireland. Look Uncle Pete daddy's really drunk and I'm worried about mom. Can you go check on her for me?" She explained everything that happened. 

"You were right to call me Pumpkin. There's a squad car on the way there now and I'm right behind them. I'll let you know if anything's wrong." 

"Thanks Uncle Pete." 

Banba looked at Kelli. "My uncle is the chief of police. He'll make sure my mother's okay." 

************* 

Erin got up off the sofa. She went to the bedroom, put two suitcases on the bed. She grabbed the .25 caliber semi-automatic pistol out of the locked box she kept in her closet. Then went to the kitchen sitting with her back to the wall the table between her and the doorway. 

"Bill, there's two suitcases on the bed. YOU can pack your shit and get out of my house!" 

"Fuck you bitch! I'm not going anywhere!" 

He grabbed a hunting knife out of the display case in the living room and staggered into the kitchen waving it around . "You ain't kicking me out of this fucking house." 

Erin raised her pistol looking Bill in the eye. "Wanna bet your life on that Bill?" 

Bill's eyes widened with surprise. "You better put that thing down before I take it and shove it up your ass." 

He took a step forward and Erin fired a shot into the floor by his feet. 

"Next one is a double tap center mass,"she said calmly. 

At that instant the front door burst open and Erin's brother Pete came rushing in followed by two other officers. 

Erin breathed a sigh of relief setting the pistol on the table and her hands behind her head. 

"Drop the fucking knife Bill," Pete snapped. 

Bill dropped the hunting knife "YOU SET ME UP YOU BITCH," he yelled. 

"I didn't call Pete. But you're lucky he showed up when he did," Erin said with a grim smile. 

Pete picked up the pistol. "I have to take this for now, sorry sis." 

"It's okay Pete, I understand you have a job to do," Erin replied. 

Pete turned to the other officers. "Tom this piece of shit is under arrest, read him his rights and get him in cuffs. Sue, you take Erin's statement while Ton and I walk this animal out to the squad car." 

Bill looked at Pete and gave a drunken laugh. "You 'restin me?" he slurred. "lotta good THAT'S gonna do ya! I'll be out in an hour." 

He looked at Erin. "This ain't over yet yet bitch, not by a long shot! When I get out, I'm gonna cut that fucking dress off your backstabbing ass and fuck you silly before I cut you up." 

It was all Pete and his officers could do to control their rage. As Pete and Tom were walking Bill out the front door, Tom's foot 'accidentally' slipped in front of Bill's causing Bill to fall face first onto the cement sidewalk breaking his nose. 

Bill looked up at Tom. "You motherfucker, you did that on purpose!" 

Pete snapped, "it's not our fault you're so damn drunk you can't walk straight." He looked at Tom. "Call the damn bus and take him to the ER. I don't want him getting blood all over the squad. I'll have Sue meet you there when she's finished here. Oh, and you might as well have them do a BAC(blood alcohol count) and a drug test while you've got him there." 

"You got it boss." 

At that moment, Sue appeared in the doorway. "She's not a collar boss. It's a clear case of self-defense. She could have dropped him right where he stood. He's lucky she didn't." 

"Thanks Sue. I figured as much. But I wanted someone else to make that determination. I don't want this asshole getting off on some stupid technicality. It's bad enough he already fell flat on his face and broke his damn nose." 

"So I see. Look boss, after everything we heard in there, I think she needs an order of protection. Do you want me to take care of it for you?" 

"That's a good idea Sue. But see if you can get Judge Kramer to give her a thirty day TRO (temporary restraining order) instead of the usual seventy two hours. Erin's gonna need some time to think things through. You can serve the TRO to the asshole when you pick him and Tom up from the hospital." 

Pete went back inside. He hugged Erin then tried to give her back the pistol. "No, hold on to it for me for now. Okay Pete?" 

"Erin, you heard what he said. You're gonna need it if he comes back. Sue's gone to get you a temporary restraining order. But you know as well as I do, that's just a piece of paper. It won't stop him from hurting you if he decides to." 

"He's not gonna gonna get that chance Pete. There's already someone on the way to repair the front door and change the locks courtesy of the alarm company mom uses for the business. It's still all in her name so Bill no longer has a job. All his company credit cards are being canceled. He has no access to any company funds or property. The only car he has access to is mine and I want you to store that at your house. This isn't something that just came up out of the blue Pete. Something's been going on with Bill for almost a year now. It started when he fired Margo and gave some cute little twenty something the job. I think he's fucking the little bitch because he hasn't touched me since he hired her.  

"'I talked to mom about it a while back. She ordered a full audit of the company books. Bill found out about it somehow. That's what set him off today. Once the house is secured, I'm getting on the first available plane to Ireland. I'll stay with Aunt Brianna until Bill's trial. Then I'll figure out where I need to go from there." 

Pete looked at Erin with admiration. "You've had this all planned out for a while. Haven't you sis?" 

"Yeah, I have big brother. Your little sister's not dumb. I knew Bill would flip out when he found out mom was auditing the books. Why do you think I had you teach me how to use that damn pistol?" 

Pete shook his head with a grin. "I wondered about that. But you never would tell me why you wanted to learn so bad. That reminds me, why didn't you just drop him when he came at you with that knife?" 

"If it came down to that, I would have. But I know my daughter. I knew the second I hung up on her, the first thing she'd do is call her Uncle Pete. I also knew there's no way my big brother would leave me in any situation that was even remotely dangerous. All I had to do was hold him off until you got here." 

"Erin, you're my little sister. I love you to death. But that was one hell of a leap of faith. So many things could've gone wrong." 

"You're forgetting something big brother. The goddess ALWAYS takes care of her own! I was never really in any danger!" 

"You're right. You know, I still thank the goddess for her gifts every morning before work and every night before bed. The funny thing is, my wife does the same thing. Every morning she asks the goddess to keep me safe and every night she thanks the goddess for doing so." 

Erin smiled. "I told you when you first introduced us that Sally was a keeper Pete." 

Pete noticed his cell phone was vibrating. "Speaking of Sally... Hi honey." 

"Hi babe. Are you still at Erin's?" 

"Yeah, I am. It's been one hell of a night hon." Pete went on to explain everything that happened. 

"OH MY GOD! I'm on my way! But will one of you PLEASE call Banba. She's been calling you two for more than an hour. I swear that poor girl's gonna have a stroke." 

"Honey, calm down. Erin's fine..." 

Sally interrupted Pete. "I'll talk to you when I get there! Just call Banba and let her know her mom's okay." Sally hung up before Pete could say another word. 

Pete looked at Erin. "Sally's on her way here. I couldn't stop her. But you need to call Banba. The poor girl's in a panic." 

Erin noticed her cell phone wasn't on the table. She spotted it laying on the floor, the back off and the battery laying next to it. "Shit, I must have knocked it off the table during all that chaos! I hope it still works!" 

She put it back together then turned it on. Luckily nothing seemed to be damaged. 

When she turned it on, there was more than a dozen missed calls from Banba. She hit the talk button twice. Banba picked up on the first ring. 

"Mom! Thank the goddess! Are you okay? What the hell's going on? Why didn't you answer your phone?" 

"Calm down sweetie! I'm fine. But it's been a rough night. I accidentally dropped my phone in the middle of it all. I just now realized it." She went on to explain everything that happened. 

"Is Uncle Pete still there with you?" 

"Yeah he's still here sweetie." 

"Good, I'll be on the next plane home. Ask him to stay with you until I get there." 

"NO! Banba sweetie, listen to me please! You can't give up your pilgrimage! I'm coming there instead. I've already made arrangements to stay with Aunt Brianna for a while. Uncle Pete and I are just waiting for the front door to get fixed then I'm on the next plane out of here. I even have a visitor's visa that's good for the next six months. Uncle Pete's not letting me out of his sight until I get on the plane and Aunt Sally's on her way here right now. Besides, it's Friday. Your father's gonna be locked up at least until Monday. I promise you, I'll be on a plane long before that." 

"Okay mom, I can live with that. But what about the sperm donor that helped create me? What happens to him now?" 

"Banba! Honey don't talk about him like that! No matter what he's done, he's still your father! I don't know what's gonna happen to him. That's up to the courts now sweetie." 

"I'm sorry mom, but he stopped being my father the minute he threatened your life. On top of that, he cheated on you! I don't want anything to do with him ever again. As far as I'm concerned, he doesn't exist anymore!"  

"I understand how you feel sweetie, I really do, but life's too short to waste time on emotions like anger and hatred." 

"I'm not angry mom, and I certainly don't hate him. As a matter of fact, I feel...nothing for him. No anger, no hatred, no love, no respect, no nothing. I care more about the dust in the air than I do about him. So let's talk about something I DO care about. Promise me you'll call me with your flight information. Aileen and I will pick you up at the airport and drive you to Aunt Brianna's." 

"Okay sweetie, I promise I'll call you as soon as I know my itinerary. But I've got to go for now. Aunt Sally's here now and so is the crew that's gonna fix the front door." 

"Okay mom I love you. Tell Uncle Pete and Aunt Sally I love them and thank them for being there for you for me." 

"I will. I love you too baby." 

Erin smiled. "Banba says she loves you both and to thank you both for being here for me." 

Sally hugged Erin. "Banba's growing up to be quite an amazing young lady. But what about you? How are you doing?" 

Erin sighed deeply. "Not as bad as you'd expect given the situation. I saw all this coming a while back. I've had some time to prepare myself mentally but it's still a bit of a shock. I have a bad feeling about all of this. I think there's more going on than just Bill fucking some little bimbo. I mean he REALLY freaked when he found out mom was having the company books audited. I don't know if he's skimming or what but something's definitely going on there." 

Pete replied, "we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. Right now my only concern is making sure you and Banba are safe until we sort this whole mess out. 

"I need you to leave me your house keys when they're finished changing the locks. While you were talking to Banba, I ordered an alarm system with a direct tie in to the station. If it ever goes off, there will be a squad car here in seconds. It'll be installed first thing Monday morning. I'll cover the install costs and the monthly bill, at least until you get back." 

"You're not taking any chances at all. Are you? You really think I'm in that much danger from him Pete?" 

Hell no, I'm not taking any chances! Like you said Erin, something more's going on here. Until I know exactly what that is, I want you and Banba out of his reach. I have no idea how dangerous this situation is right now and I DON'T like that feeling one bit! You're my little sister, Banba is my niece, I love you both dearly. I don't care what it costs or what I have to do to keep the two of you safe." 

Erin hugged Pete kissing his cheek. "I love you too big brother. I want to thank you both for being here for me, it really means a lot to me." 

It took a little more than an hour for the repair crew to secure the house. Erin made her flight arrangements then called Banba. 

"Hi sweetie, everything's all set. I'll be landing at Cork international at about six thirty in the morning." 

"Okay mom, we'll be there. Tell Uncle Pete not to worry. My friend Kelli Crowley is a police officer and she's gonna give us a police escort right to Aunt Brianna's house." 

Erin laughed. "I'll tell him sweetie. I'm sure he'll love THAT idea." 

Erin hung up the phone turning to Pete. "Banba says not to worry. I'm gonna get a police escort to Aunt Brianna's." 

"How on Earth did she manage that one?" he laughed. 

"Evidently she has a friend on the local police force." 

Pete shook his head grinning. "That young lady never ceases to amaze me." 

******** 

After she hung up with her mother Banba turned to Kelli. "You don't mind escorting us do you?" 

Kelli smiled. "Of course not. I'm at your service M'lady. Is it okay if I spend the night here? It'll be easier that way." 

"You're right that would be a lot easier." 

"Okay great! I need to run home and get a fresh uniform and make a few arrangements. I'll be back in about a half hour." 

"Thanks Kelli. I don't think it's absolutely necessary, but it'll make my mom and my uncle feel a little better." 

While Kelli was gone Banba called room service and ordered a couple of snack trays and a bottle of Zinfandel. She was shocked when Galen delivered them. "What are you doing here this late? Who's watching Teagan?" 

Galen grinned. "Hello to you too M'lady Banba. Teagan refuses to leave Meagan's side. Mr. and Mrs. O'Leary got special permission for Teagan to spend the night in Megan's room with them. Since Teagan's not at home and I can always use the extra money, I volunteered to fill in for someone who called in sick." 

"Yeah, I can see Teagan doing that. She's just like her father in that respect. You're both very kind and loving people." Banba signed the room service check giving Galen a hundred dollar tip. 

Galen gasped in surprise. "Lady Banba that's too much. It really isn't necessary." 

"Oh hush Galen. It's only money. Buy something nice for Teagan with it." 

Galen smiled. "As you wish Lady Banba. If I put it with the rest of the money I've been saving, it will give me enough to buy that laptop Teagan's been wanting." 

"Remember Galen, all you need do is ask and the goddess will provide." 

"I understand M'lady. But I feel like I'm being greedy asking for such things." 

"Galen, you can never be greedy petitioning the goddess for something for someone else. You're only being greedy if it's for yourself. The goddess can see into your heart. She knows the difference" 

"Thank you Lady Banba. I'll try to remember that." 

"I think we'll save the Zinfandel for another time. Would you mind bringing us a couple of two liter bottles of cola and a bottle of Bacardi. Along with three more glasses please Galen?" 

"It's no trouble at all. I'll be right back M'lady." 

Aileen gave Banba a quizzical look. "What's up with the rum and cola Lady Banba? 

"It's Kelli's favorite drink. I wanna thank her for being here for my mom." 

"Well in that case, I guess I'll join the two of you. It'll be my first time drinking rum." 

"It'll be my first time too Aileen. Hopefully, it doesn't knock us both flat on our asses." 

"Or have the same effect on us that Zinfandel does?" Aileen giggled. 

"Oh god! I hope not! I'm not sure HOW Kelli would take THAT!" 

"You mean to say you weren't planning on trying to seduce her?" 

"God no! I've got way too much on my mind to even think about seducing Kelli tonight! Although, I'll admit she does have a scrumptious body. Why? Would you be jealous if I did try seducing her?" 

"Not at all Lady Banba. Jealousy is such an ugly emotion. I was just curious that's all." 

"I see. Well, if you wanna have a go at her, go right ahead. I won't mind at all either. I'm just not in the mood to try seducing Kelli tonight. Maybe some other night, but not tonight." 
