 Authors notes: A special thank you to Kayline Blake for another great editing job! Well Done Kay!

****

Erin looked up at Morrigan with a smile. "I know you wanted us to hear Vanessa's story. But this is family, so I out rank you. Vanessa's not going anywhere anytime soon. Her story can wait. Besides there's absolutely NOTHING either of you can tell me that changes the fact that she's my daughter now. I also know you don't wanna interrupt Mark, Rose, and Adam. So I've asked our goddess to arrange a little surprise for both of you in the rec room down the hall. Get up off your butts and let's head there now."

When they got to the rec room, it wasn't the buffet tables filed with food and drink and the picnic tables scattered about that shocked Morrigan and Vanessa. It was the poster sized photos adorning the walls. Each photo was a slice in time showing a different part of Morrigan and Vanessa's story. Beginning with Morrigan standing outside Vanessa's closed door, and ending with Vanessa huddled in Morrigan's lap as the family entered Morrigan's quarters. As the two sisters looked at each other in shock, a final photo appeared showing them standing in the rec room, eyes wide, mouths agape.

Morrigan noticed the new photo. "MOM! Cut that out. Enough already."

"Cut what out sweetie? I'm not doing anything."

"Then where did THAT come from?" Morrigan asked, pointing to the new photo.

"Oh that. The goddess thought the looks on both your faces was priceless. She's the one that wanted that image saved for posterity, not me."

"Yeah right, and you had nothing to do with it, I suppose?"

"Weeeellll... I did say it was the first time I ever saw YOU utterly speechless," Erin giggled.

Suddenly, for no apparent reason, Vanessa dropped to the floor sitting on her legs, her face covered by her hands, as her whole body wracked with deep sobs.

Morrigan had never seen her mother move so fast. In less time than it takes to blink, Erin was sitting on her knees in front of Vanessa. Morrigan knelt beside her mother. She watched quietly as Erin slid two fingers under Vanessa's chin, lifting Vanessa's head until they were looking into each other's eyes.

Erin glanced at Morrigan giving her a slight nod. She turned back to Vanessa with a gentle smile. "Not a word sweetie. Just listen and understand."

She began singing the mother's part of an ancient Pict ballad while Morrigan sang the part of the daughter. The ballad told the story of a young girl stolen from her mother during a raid on their town. Erin sang about the mother's pain and anguish over the loss of her beloved daughter. Morrigan sang of the daughter's trials and tribulations, the things she had to endure and do to rejoin her mother. Both sang of the mother and daughter's mutual joy at finally being reunited. Morrigan and Erin sang the ballad in the original Pict language as many of the words just didn't translate into English.

Vanessa didn't understand the words, but she was too caught up in the beauty of the voices and the emotions being portrayed to care. As the ballad reached its joyful crescendo, Erin and Morrigan's message became clear to Vanessa. 'No matter what her past, Vanessa had a family now. She would always be loved unconditionally.'

Vanessa took a deep shuddering breath. "Neither one of you get it. I don't deserve any of this. I was a junkie and a hooker before I came on board this...whatever it is. My whole life, I've been nothing but a screw up. "

Erin's eyes narrowed. "I don't care about anything you did before you came aboard. That's in the past. It can't be changed, so it doesn't matter. What I do care about, is what you do from this point on. All your family can do is love you unconditionally. There isn't one of us that won't be there for you. We'll do everything we can to help you. But you young lady, have to let the past go and forgive yourself. We can't do that for you."

Vanessa's eyes widened with shock. "You're... You're not... You're not mad at me or ashamed of me?"

Erin smiled gently. "Of course not sweetie. You did what you felt you had to do to survive. We all understand that. Would we be happy if you went back to that life style? Absolutely not. Would we stop loving you if you did? Again, absolutely not. You're the one who doesn't get it Vanessa. A mother's love, a sister's love," she waved her arm around the room, "a family's love, is eternal. It stays with you no matter where you go, no matter what you do. Like it or not daughter of mine, you ARE a part of this family now, and you will ALWAYS be loved. Whether or not you choose to accept that love is up to you." Erin stood holding her hand out to Vanessa. "Now, what do ya say you and I toss this pity party overboard and get back to welcoming my beautiful daughter Vanessa home?"

Vanessa stood taking Erin's hand. She pulled Erin in for a hug giving her a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you. I think I'm gonna love having you for a mom," she whispered in Erin's ear. She stepped back taking both of Erin's hands in hers while looking her in the eye. "I was ten when my mother was murdered. I remember her vividly. The two of you are so much alike it's uncanny. I think under different circumstances you could've been good friends. I know she'd not only understand, she'd approve of me asking if it's okay to call you mom. So can I?"

"I'd love that sweetie, and judging by the grin on your sister's face, I think she would too. It's your decision to make, not ours. But you're still pretty fragile right now and that's a big step for you to take. Why don't we grab some food and sit down? We can talk about it while we eat. I think there's some things you need to understand about who and what you are now before you make any decisions. Don't think for one second that it has anything to do with what you've told us, or that I'm having second thoughts, because it doesn't, and I'm not. I just want to explain a few things to you so you can be absolutely sure it's what you really want. Okay?"

"I'm already positive it's what I want. I don't know how it happened, and I really don't care why, but I already trust you, and I love you like a mom. There's nothing you can tell me that's gonna change my mind. It seems important to you though, so we'll do things your way," Vanessa replied giving Erin another kiss on the cheek.

Once they had their food and were seated Erin asked, "How much do you know about the Tuatha Dé Danann Vanessa?"

"Not very much. I mean I know what Kylie said earlier, and I did get to read a little about them on the computer before Morrigan showed up at my door. But that's about it. Why? What does that have to do with anything?"

Erin smiled. "Patience my daughter. It has a lot to do with who and what you are. Not only was your sperm donor a full blooded Tuatha Dé Danann, but so was your mother. That means you're not only Morrigan's sister, you're her crown princess as well. Right now, the Goddess Banba is watching over you and protecting you because of your relationship to Morrigan. But you're gonna need a whole lot more than just that. You're gonna need someone to help you and to guide you, because eventually you're gonna have to assume the responsibilities and duties appropriate to your rank and position. I can't, and I won't, tell you who to choose, but I suggest you accept one of the gods or goddesses as your patron. That way you'd always have all the help and guidance you'll ever need."

"Okay, now I'm really confused," Vanessa replied. "If my mother was one of these... Tuatha Dé Danann people, why wasn't she being protected by a goddess? If I'm one of them like you, why did I go through all the hell I did? I don't understand this princess stuff either. I mean come on now. Me? A princess? That doesn't make any sense to me, and I don't know the first thing about that patron thingy either."

"Slow down sweetie. Let's take things one step at a time. Okay? I know your mom was a full blooded Tuatha Dé Danann simply because I know you're one. My Goddess has given me many gifts. One of those gifts allows me to know when I see another full blooded Tuatha Dé Danann. I can't tell you with any certainty why you and your mother weren't protected. My best guess is that your mom hadn't chosen a patron before she was killed. But only the Goddess Banba can tell you exactly what happened and why. You might wanna take a few minutes and talk to her about it. When you're finished with that, we'll get back to your other questions."

Vanessa looked over at the Goddess Banba. "I'd like to ask you about my mother, but would it be okay if I asked you another question first?"

"Of course it's okay, my child. I'd be more than happy to help you in any way I can. I may not always have the answer you're looking for, but I'll do my best."

"Um... okay. Mom says I ...um... I need a patron goddess. I know you're hers and Morrigan's patron goddess. I ...um... I don't know what I'm supposed to say or do, but I'd like to ask if you'd be my patron goddess too. Would you please help me figure out what I need to do?"

The Goddess Banba smiled. "Child, you don't have to do any more than what you've just done. You've opened your heart and accepted me as your patron goddess and that's all that I require. From this moment on, I'll always be there to guide and protect you. I'll help you in way I can, and I'll provide for your every need.

Now, I think it's time I told you about your mother. Erin's right, Kendra was a full blooded Tuatha Dé Danann just like you. Yes, I was very aware of her existence. Unfortunately, she wasn't aware of mine. Both of her parents had chosen to be Christian. Since they hadn't chosen me as their patron, there was nothing I could do to protect them when they were killed by a drunk driver when Kendra was a little more than a year old. The state placed her up for adoption and Kendra was adopted shortly after her second birthday. Because she was a full blooded Tuatha Dé Danann, I was able to keep tabs on her, but I couldn't interfere in her life at all. It was the same thing when you were born. I knew of your existence, but the laws of creation didn't allow me to interfere in your life. Some of that changed with the creation of the Arc and Morrigan's invitation to include family members of our favored. Thanks to your sister's compassion, I was finally able to help you. I know you're gonna ask why I didn't stop that pile of crap from killing your mom. The answer's the same. He wasn't one of mine. He thought the history of the Tuatha Dé Danann was nothing but a bunch of superstitious nonsense."

Vanessa nodded her head. "Okay... I understand... at least I think I do. Thank you, My Goddess." She turned back to Erin. "Your turn again Mom. You wanna try explaining this princess thing to me because I'm still out in left field somewhere."

"It's really not all that complicated sweetie. Morrigan's our queen. You're her sister. Under the rules we were given for structuring our new society, THAT makes you a princess. What makes you our crown princess is that you're a full blooded Tuatha Dé Danann and her ONLY sibling. That puts you next in line to be our queen in the very unlikely event that something happens to Morrigan. I don't see it having much of an effect on you though. Basically, it just means you and Morrigan will be spending a lot of time working together, and once Morrigan makes your designation official, people will obey you the same as they do her."

"So what you're saying is that it's a big deal, but it's not a big deal," Vanessa giggled.

"That's about the size of it," Erin laughed.

The Goddess Banba spoke up. "It does mean one more thing, my child. Once Morrigan places that crown on your head, you'll be given some special skills, a weapon, and some armor. You'll be expected to fight by her side should the need ever arise."

"I mean you no disrespect, but I'm not sure even you could stop me from fighting by Morrigan's side, My Goddess. I'd rip through the gates of hell itself to protect and defend my sister. I would willingly give my life if it meant saving hers."

The Goddess Banba smiled. "Good answer my child, but let's all hope it never comes to that, shall we?"

Erin took Morrigan's hand in her right hand and Vanessa's hand in her left one, then looking at the Goddess Banba Erin said, "My Goddess I think my daughters would love a big bowl of Chunky Monkey ice cream with sliced strawberries, crushed pineapple, smothered in strawberry syrup, and topped with fresh whipped cream and walnuts."

Vanessa gasped in surprise. "Oh my god Mom! That's my favorite desert! How did you know that?"

"Simple sweetie, it's Morrigan's favorite desert too. I just figured if she loved it, you would too."

"Well there goes my girlish figure," Vanessa giggled.

After they ate their ice cream, Morrigan looked over at the Goddess Banba. "Could you summon all the gods and goddesses that have favored aboard the Arc for me?"

"Yeah, I could. But why?"

"I'd like to talk to them about something and I think it's better to do it face to face rather than through a third party." Morrigan turned to Brigid. "Can you please clean this room up a bit? Just make one long table with enough seats for everyone, including them?"

Within minutes all of the gods and goddesses were seated at the table. Morrigan stood and said, "Thank you all for coming. I know you're wondering what this is all about. Each one of you are patrons to a significant number of people aboard this Arc. I know your favored are just as important to you as Brigid's, Danu's, and the Goddess Banba's are to them. I'd like to make a major change that's gonna affect all of your favored. I've asked the Goddess Banba to call you all here to seek your counsel and approval before I do." Morrigan took Vanessa's hand pulling her to her feet. "This is my blood. My sister Vanessa. I'd like to designate her as crown princess and heir apparent."

Thor spoke first. "This is an internal matter Morrigan. You don't need our approval."

"It's not a question of need Thor, it's a matter of respect. This change is gonna affect all of your favored. It's out of respect for all of you and your favored that I ask your permission."

"What happens if we say no Morrigan?" Hera asked.

"If ANY of you say no, then it won't happen. Vanessa will simply become Princess Vanessa, as is her due, but nothing more."

"Once again you surprise us with your wisdom and maturity Morrigan," Freya said. "You could have done this on your own, and like it or not, we would've had to live with it. Instead, you chose to show respect by seeking our advice and our consent. I think Vanessa is very lucky to have you as a sister. I for one am very proud of you. You have my blessing to proceed as you see fit."

Morrigan looked down the length of the table as each god and goddess gave their approval while making similar comments. When they were all finished Morrigan said, "I thank you all. I'd like to ask you to do me one more favor. Please remain seated to show your support while Vanessa's crowning is broadcast live throughout the Arc."

Brigid handed Morrigan a jewel studded silver tiara and a blue velvet cape with a sapphire encased in a silver clasp.

Morrigan handed the tiara to Hera and the cape to Freya. "Would you two do me the honor of placing these on Vanessa at the appropriate time?" Both goddesses nodded, then Morrigan spun on her heel. "Uncle Pete, it's time, tie us in ship wide please." Pete opened the channel and Morrigan began by saying, "Good afternoon folks. I know it's been a hell of a day, but I've got one more surprise coming your way." Morrigan introduced Vanessa then continued. "Hera, if you please?"

Hera stepped forward placing the tiara on Vanessa's head then said, "On behalf of the united gods and goddesses of creation, and with their blessings, I place this tiara upon your head. From this moment forth let all humanity know, you are Vanessa, Crown Princess of Erie, and heir apparent to Morrigan! Congratulations daughter of Erie. May the Goddess Banba always guide you down the path of righteousness."

Hera stepped aside and Freya came forward placing the cape around Vanessa's shoulders clasping it around her neck as she spoke, "Let this cape be a symbol of your duty to Morrigan. And to your people. May you always remember that while your loyalty belongs to your goddess, you must never forget the needs of your people. Wear your tiara and your cape proudly, Vanessa, Crown Princess of Erie!"

Morrigan nodded to Pete and he cut the link. As soon as he did, Vanessa, who had been too stunned to even move, plopped back in to her chair. She took a few deep breathes calming herself, then looked up at Morrigan. "Damn it Sis, you could've at least warned me."

"It wouldn't have been as much fun if I had warned you, and besides, I didn't feel like chasing you all over the ship," Morrigan giggled.

"Point conceded. I probably would've beat feet. Anyway, now that you've dumped all this princess shit in my lap, what in the hell am I supposed to do with it?"

"Don't worry about any of that yet, Sis. We've still got some more work to do on you." Morrigan turned to Erin. "Mom it's time for Vanessa to receive some of those special things the Goddess Banba mentioned earlier. Considering some of the ...um... gifts I've been given, it's probably better if it's done privately. You think you can keep the party going until we get done? It shouldn't take too long."

"Sure sweetie, we'll all be here when you get back."

Vanessa gave Morrigan a worried look. "Just what kinds of gifts are you talking about here?"

Morrigan took Vanessa's hand pulling her to her feet. "Trust me Sis, you're gonna love them. But you DON'T wanna receive them here." As they walked to Morrigan's quarters Morrigan said, "Look Sis, I really don't know exactly what the gods and goddesses have in mind to give you, but I didn't wanna take any chances. One of the gifts I got from the Goddess Banba was a head to toe makeover. You probably won't believe this but a little more than week ago, I was this eighteen year old toothpick with no tits, no hips, and a flat ass. It's hard to explain. Time doesn't work the same in their realm. I was only in the Goddess Banba's temple for a couple of hours, but when I came aboard the Arc, three weeks had passed. Anyway, she may, or may not, wanna do the same with you. But if she does, I didn't think you'd wanna be stripped naked in front of everyone in the rec room."

Vanessa's eyes widened with surprise. "Are you saying she can make me look as hot as you do?"

"Yup, and I think that's part of what she's up to. She told me that if I was gonna be a queen, I should look like one. I have a feeling she's gonna say something similar to you. Just go with the flow. Stay calm, and don't freak out. If there's anything you don't like, say so, but be polite about it. I promise they'll fix it for you."

Vanessa grinned then said, "Well my tiny tits and flat ass WERE what turned the old perverts on the most, but since I won't be doing THAT anymore, I guess I could use a makeover."

As soon as the door closed behind them, the Goddess Banba appeared from the kitchen. Morrigan sat in the easy chair and said, "She's all yours, My Goddess."

The Goddess Banba smiled. "Well you kinda spoiled my fun by warning her, but that's okay." She made Vanessa's clothes disappear, causing Vanessa to let out a little squeak. The Goddess Banba tapped her lip with her index finger as she walked around Vanessa's nude body. She stopped in front of Vanessa and said, "You can't be Crown Princess of Erie looking like that my child. For one thing you're only five foot four. That's way too short. Morrigan's five foot eleven. Let's make you the same height. That's a little better. Now let's put some flesh on those bones. What do ya think Vanessa, C's or D'S for tits?"
