 Banba O'Connor wasn't your typical teenager. At seventeen, even a padded A cup bra was too big for her almost non existent tits. She stood five foot eleven. But only weighed about a hundred fifteen pounds. She had no hips and her ass was as flat as a board. Even in a two piece bikini, it was hard to tell she was a young woman unless you looked at her face.

From the neck up, she was a classic Irish beauty. She had long, flaming red hair down to the small of her back. She usually wore it in a simple pony tail or a single long braid. Her eyes were a striking emerald green with little golden specks and long thick eyelashes. She had full pouty lips and a nose that was straight and narrow.

She also had legs to die for. The rest of her body may have looked like a stick figure, but Banba's legs were long and shapely taking up almost half of her nearly six foot tall body.

Unlike other girls her age, Banba wasn't interested in boys or sex. In fact she had never even masturbated. She had two passions, her school work, and running. Her GPA was 4.89 and her best mile was run at 4.16.

Banba would turn eighteen on May twenty six and her high school graduation was on the twenty eighth of May. Two days before her birthday, she got an uncontrollable urge to visit Ireland.

That night at dinner she told her parents about it. Her father Bill, exploded. "No you're not! Don't even think about it! You're finishing high school then you're going to collage. I don't care what you do after that!"

Both Banba and Bill were standing with their hands on the table screaming in each others faces when Banba's mother Erin slammed her fist on the table shouting, "BOTH OF YOU, SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!"

Instantly both sat and shut up. They were in total shock. Neither one of them had ever heard Erin raise her voice before. Erin stood looking at both of them. "Both of you sit there and keep your mouths shut. I'll be right back."

They had never heard so much anger in Erin's voice. Neither one of them dared to move or say a word. A few minutes later, Erin returned carrying a large manila envelope. She set the envelope on the table as she took her seat.

"Both of you are gonna sit and listen to what I have to say. Neither one of you will say a word until I finish what I have to say."

She looked at her husband. "I've known this day was coming since the day Banba was born. I had to make the same pilgrimage. So did my mother and her mother before her. I don't know why, but every MacCarthy woman in our line has had to make the same pilgrimage since the fifth century. She has to go Bill, her life depends on it. Twice before, sisters of those who had already gone refused to go. The day they turned eighteen, they died. I'll not risk Banba's life for your pride Bill."

Erin turned to Banba. "I felt this coming on days ago. I knew even before you spoke what you were gonna say. She took a ring with a sapphire stone in it's center out of the envelope. "Put this on your right ring finger. Your first stop will be in County Cork. You will have to visit the Blarney Castle. When you do, turn the ring so the stone faces your palm and let touch the Blarney Stone.

After that, your pilgrimage will begin. I can't tell you what it will entail. It seems to be different for each of us."

She handed Banba a small coin purse. "These are yours now. You will have to toss one in a lake as an offering. I can't tell you which lake. Again it's different for each of us. I can't even tell you who you're making the offering to. I honestly don't know. Keep the rest of the coins safe. You'll need to pass them on to your own daughter someday."

She passed the envelope to Banba. "I've been saving for this day before you were even born. There are two debit cards from two different banks. One has a VISA logo the other a Master Card. They are in your name and each has five thousand dollars on it. Your passport is in there with a thirty day visitors visa. Your plane ticket is in there too. It leaves at midnight. You'll have to be at the airport by nine to get through security. It's six o'clock now. I'll give you an hour to pack. Then we're out of here."

Banba jumped up hugging her mother. "Thanks mom! Somehow I knew you'd understand." She let out a little giggle. "My suitcase is waiting by my bedroom door. The only thing I have to pack is the stuff you gave me and all of that's going in my purse." She put every thing in her purse. "I'm good to go mom."

She looked at her father. "Daddy, please don't be mad at me. I have no choice. I have to do this. I'm sorry I yelled at you. I love you daddy."

Bill stood pulling Banba in for a hug. "I love you too sweetie. I'm not sure how much of what I just heard I believe. To me, most of it seems like superstitious nonsense. But I know you and your mother both believe it. I realize how important it is to you both."

He chuckled. "I may not be happy about it, but if it's important enough to make your mother raise her voice for the first time in twenty six years of marriage, I think I'd better just go along with it. The only thing I ask, is that you take your cell phone and check in with us every night to let us know you're safe."

"Daddy, I don't know where I'm going or what I'll be doing when I get there. All I can promise is to check in with you every chance I get. Even if I have to call collect from a pay phone. Okay?"

Bill rolled his eyes. "Okay sweetie. I guess that will have to do. I'll get your luggage for you. We don't want you missing your flight."

Banba kissed his cheek. "Thank you daddy."

It was a little after eight o'clock when they dropped Banba off at the airport. Erin said, "Bill, we have to stop at my mother's house before we head home."

"Now? Honey, by the time we get there it'll be almost ten o'clock with this traffic."

"It doesn't matter what time we get there. She knows Banba left tonight. She'll be awake. She wants talk to us."

Bill rolled his eyes thinking it was just gonna be more superstitious nonsense. But all he said was, "okay honey."

Erin's mother Gael was waiting in the doorway when Bill and Erin pulled into her driveway. "Come on in you two. I'll make us some tea and we can talk."

After making their tea, Gael said, "Bill, how much do you know about ancient Irish history?"

"Nothing really. I've never paid much mind to it."

"I'm not surprised. Most people don't. It's a difficult subject. Very little of it's actually recorded. Most of it's passed from parent to child. But both your mother and father were Irish. Didn't they tell you any of the ancient stories?"

"Sure, but that's all they were, just stories, myths, and legends. They kinda went in one ear and out the other."

Gael smiled sadly. "Such a shame. This is exactly how so much of our history gets lost. You're Banba's father. I know you're worried about her. So I'm gonna tell you a little about Irish history and the clan MacCarthy. Hopefully you'll gain some insight as to why this trip is so important to her.

This line of the clan MacCarthy can trace it's roots all the way back to the Tuatha Dé Danann, the people of the Goddess Danu. They ruled Ireland from 1897 B.C. to 1700 B.C. They landed at the Connaught coastline emerging from a great mist.

The rulers of Ireland at the time were the Fir Bolg. They were led by Eochid, son of Erc who was unhappy about the arrival of the Tuatha Dé Danann.

The Tuatha Dé Danann won the battle with the Fir Bolg. They allowed the Fir Bolg to remain in Connaught while the victors ruled the rest of Ireland.

They had four great talismans that demonstrated their power. The first was the The Lia Fáil. Better known as the Stone of Destiny which would scream when touched by a true King of Ireland. It sits on the Hill of Tara, the seat of the High Kings of Ireland.

The second was the the Sword of Light. It was brought to Ireland by Nuada. No one ever escaped once it was drawn against them

The third was Lugh's Spear. Lugh used it to kill his Formorian grandfather, king Balor at the Second Battle of Moytura. It was a long, fiery lance from which sparks as big as eggs flew. In order to prevent the flames of the tip from consuming the shaft and the warrior holding it, the spear head was dipped into a cauldron of mysterious liquid.

The final talisman was the 'Cauldron of Daghda' from which an endless supply of food issued.

The first leader of the Tuatha was Nuada. He lost an arm in battle. It was decreed that because he wasn't whole, he couldn't be king. Breas, a tribesman of Fomorian descent became king. His seven year rule wasn't a happy one. His people became disenchanted with hunger and dissent. Nuada was installed as King when his lost arm was replaced with one made from silver.

Breas raised an army of Fomorians. They fought against Nuada at Moytura in County Sligo.

The Tuatha won the battle. The victory had cost the Tuatha their King. Nuada died in the battle. Lugh was instated as the new King of Ireland.

The Tuatha Dé Danann dealt more subtly with the Fomorians than with the Fir Bolg, giving them the province of Connacht. There was also some marrying between the two races.

During the invasion by the Melesians, the Tuatha Dé Danann were defeated. A small group of twenty five couples escaped, traveling southeast to what is now called County Cork. They remained hidden for several years then spread out among the different villages throughout Ireland.

Although they had spread out, they always knew where every couple was. Each couple made sure that their son or daughter married within the circle of the original twenty five couples. Over time, the direct descendants of the original twenty five couples numbered in the tens of thousands. It wasn't always possible to keep the bloodline pure. Although some of us have still managed to do so.

In 428 A.D. Dearbhal, a high priestess to the goddess Banba, tried to warn high king Dathi about a danger to his kingdom. The high king became enraged drawing his sword killing Dearbhal.

Dearbhal's husband Cearul took their infant daughter Ashling and fled to Scotland. Seventeen years later Ashling was the first woman of this MacCarthy line to make the pilgrimage back to Ireland to honor her murdered mother. Almost every MacCarthy woman in her direct line has done the same ever since. The two that refused died on their eighteenth birthday.

The goddess Banba herself took revenge on high king Dathi by killing him with a lightning bolt in the Alps a couple of months after Dearbhal's murder.

Banba knows she bears the goddess's name. But we've never spoken to her about any of this. We're forbidden to do so. The decision to make the pilgrimage had to be her's alone.

You needn't worry about her. She'll be guided and protected by other direct descendants of the original twenty five couples from the Tuatha Dé Danann. She'll get to meet some fascinating people, see some amazing sights, and learn a great deal about her heritage. She'll have a wonderful time and in a few weeks be back home safe and sound."

Before Bill could say anything, the doorbell rang. Gael said, "go let your mother in in Bill. She has a few things to talk to you about too."

******

Banba's plane landed at Cork international airport at eleven thirty five in the morning local time. The six and a half hour flight combined with the five hour time difference gave her a good case of jet lag. She was tired and hungry. But most of all, she was excited to finally be in her ancestral homeland.

As she waited for her luggage, someone tapped her on the shoulder. She turned to see a girl about her own age with the same long red hair and emerald green eyes standing beside her.

"Welcome home Banba. I'm Aileen MacAuliffe. I'm to be your guide for your pilgrimage. You must be tired and hungry after that long flight. Why don't we grab a bite to eat and talk a bit before we drive up to the Blarney Castle?"

Banba didn't understand why, but she felt an instant bond with Aileen. It felt like they were two long lost sisters finally meeting for the first time. She grabbed her luggage then said, "it's nice to meet you Aileen. I wasn't expecting anyone to meet me. But I'm glad you're here. I know I'm supposed to touch the Blarney Stone with my ring. But I have no idea where to go or what to do after that."

"We can talk about all that later. We've got plenty of time. Let's get you something to eat first. Are you in the mood for anything special?"

As Banba tossed her luggage in the trunk of Aileen's car she said, "anything but fast food. Is there a decent restaurant nearby?"

Aileen grinned as they drove out of the airport. "There's a nice family restaurant a few kilometers up the road. The food is great! It's my favorite place to eat, and it's on the way to the Blarney Castle."

"Sounds good to me. How did you know I was coming, and how did you find me so easily in that crowd?"

"You bear the goddess's name, but you've yet to receive her gifts Banba. Once you do, you'll understand. The true descendants of the Tuatha Dé Danann always recognize another true descendant." She laughed and said, "if there had been another one there coming from America, I would have had you paged. But you were the only one. The goddess watches over her own Banba. She knew you were coming. She told me when and where to meet you."

As they ate Aileen told Banba about the Tuatha Dé Danann and the goddess that Banba was named after. She also told her about Dearbhal's murder and how Ashling made the first pilgrimage.

They finished eating. As they got in the car, Aileen said, "we'll talk more after you've finished at the Blarney Castle. It's just a few kilometers up the road."

When they got to the top of the tower at the castle, there wasn't anyone else there. Aileen told Banba how to tilt her head to see the Blarney stone.

Banba turned her ring so that the stone in it was facing her palm. Then with Aileen's help, kissed the Blarney stone touching her ring against it at the same time. She noticed that both the Blarney Stone and the stone in her ring glowed softly as they touched. As Banba was pulling herself back up, the Blarney Stone rang three times. Each ding a little higher and a little louder than the one before it. The final ding almost as loud as a church bell.

Aileen looked at Banba in shock. "The stone sang to you! I was told it could happen and that if it did, a special destiny awaits you. I don't know what that means Banba, but I've got to get you to Carrigrohane castle as fast as I can!"

"I don't understand Aileen. What's going on?"

"I don't know Banba. I only know what I was told. Come on, we have to get out of here now!"

When they got to Carrigrohane castle, Banba said, "it's just some ruins. What's so special about them?"

"Do you have your coin with you?"

"Yes."

"Go toss it in the river."

As soon as Banba's coin hit the water, she dropped to her knees, the words coming unbidden to her lips.

"My goddess, the soil is soaked with the blood of the many. The air is putrid with the smell of death. The land is not whole. Your people are still killing each other. Will your thirst for vengeance never be sated? I offer you my heart, my soul, my very life, if it will quench your thirst. Take my life my goddess, make your land whole again!"

Aileen watched in awe as the Claiomh Solais appeared from the river. "The Sword of Light! I thought it was just a myth," she exclaimed.

Banba grasped the sword pointing it towards her chest. She raised it as high as she could fully intending to run herself through with it. She plunged it down. But just as the point touched her chest her hand froze, unable to move any further.

Aileen stepped to Banba's side. "The goddess doesn't want your life Banba. She only wants your willingness to give it. You've proven that to her. You can lower the sword now."

Banba laid the sword across her lap bowing her head. "My goddess, I am forever your humble servant. Do with me as you will."

She grabbed the sword by the hilt as she stood. Pulling her arm back as far as she could, she flung the sword towards the River Lee. The sword did a slow lazy spin over the water then returned to Banba's hand as a scabbard appeared at her side hanging from a chain belt around her waist.

Aileen giggled softly. "I guess that means the goddess wants you to keep it Banba."

"Yeah, but I don't know what I'm gonna do with it. I can't pack it in my luggage and they're not about to let me on a plane with it hanging from my side." She sheathed the sword, then suddenly started laughing. "Oh wow! That's sooo cool!"

Aileen looked at Banba in confusion. "What in the world are you taking about?"

"The sword. It's gone right?"

Aileen realized the sword had disappeared from Banba's side. "Yeah it's gone. But where did it go?"

Banba held out her hand grinning as the sword reappeared in her hand and the scabbard at her side. "Nowhere. It disappears when I sheath it and reappears when I summon it."

Aileen laughed. "You're right, that is cool!" She glanced at her watch. "Shit! It's after three thirty! We've been here for over three hours! It doesn't seem that long. let's get you checked into your hotel."

"Three hours! Are you sure? It only seems like twenty minutes or so. I didn't book a hotel. We'll have to grab whatever is available."

Aileen gave a small curtsy. "Not to worry M'lady. You're booked into the Imperial Hotel Penthouse Suite for the next three nights. It's all been taken care of along with whatever room service you may desire. The goddess takes care of her own. Remember?"

Banba shook her head laughing. "Okay. Lead on girlfriend!"

As they drove to the hotel, Aileen noticed that Banba had changed. She had a very commanding presence and and air of quiet dignity about her that wasn't there before. Banba wasn't the shy, timid, young girl that Aileen had met a few hours ago. She was a self confident, self assured, young woman that Aileen found herself admiring.

As they parked the car Banba asked, "will you stay with me? I really don't wanna spend the next three nights alone."

"Of course I'll stay with you. We have a lot to talk about." Aileen grabbed Banba's luggage from the trunk. "Please allow me to carry this for you Banba."

"For heaven's sake Aileen. I can carry my own luggage."

"Of course you can. But it's not proper for you to do so anymore. You'll understand why soon enough Banba. For now, please allow me to do what I think is right."

"Okay, go ahead and carry it."

The penthouse suite was huge with two bedrooms and a full bathroom. It had a kitchenette, and a dining,living room combination. All the rooms opened onto a magnificent wrap around balcony.

Banba was amazed. "Wow! It's like a whole house in here!"

Aileen giggled. "Yeah it is. I don't know who's paying for it. But I'm glad it's not us! This suite must cost a small fortune."

There was a knock on the door. Aileen answered it. She was shocked to see her mother standing there with a suitcase in her hand. "Mom! Is something wrong? Why are you here?"

"No sweetie. Nothing's wrong. It's just that I'm told you're gonna need this," Danann said, handing Aileen the suitcase.

Aileen giggled. "Oh my god! I left in such a hurry this morning I totally forgot it! Thanks mom. Come on in. I'll introduce you to Banba."

When she was introduced to Banba, Danann gasped in surprise. "My stars child! You've only been here a few hours! I can see the goddess has already blessed you! Not only that, you look just like your mother. I was Erin's guide when she came for her pilgrimage many years ago. I remember her well."

Aileen looked at Danann in shock. "Mom! Stop! You know we're not supposed to talk about those we guide! Their pilgrimage is a highly personal and very private matter!"

"Calm down Aileen. I would never reveal the details of Erin's pilgrimage. I know better than that. I only said I was her guide and that Banba looked just like her mother."
