 In the highest of rooms within the Tower of Doom, inside a perfectly drawn pentagram of blood lay the demoness. Her breathing was in ragged gasps as she struggled to take human air into her lungs. Her whole body shivered. The earth was much colder than hell.

The demoness took the form of a red skinned human female with jet-black hair and almost angelic white wings. By human standards she was stunningly beautiful, her guise had often lured weak willed human sorcerers to their deaths. Only two long yellow fangs that protruded several inches outside her full, pouty blood red lips marred her beautiful, finely featured face. The demoness’s succulent red skinned body was unclothed, her rich red skin almost shimmering across the wanton curves of her human form. Blood red nipples topped her large round breasts and her genitals were completely hairless but looked human. Her slim hands ended in long black fingernails that looked razor sharp. She was a succubus a demoness that lured male humans to their deaths with her sexuality.

The slightly pointed ears of the voluptuous succubus perked up as the sound of a voice reached her ears and the door of the room swung open.

“Stupid frigging wench! Who the fuck does she think she is! Bossing Cockweasel around like a slave! One day I’ll nail her sweet ass!” swore the creature that emerged through the door.

The succubus’s full lips curved up into a malevolent smirk as she saw the creature that had entered the room. Was this the magic user that had summoned her?

“Sweep the frigging tower Cockweasel! Clean your own tower cunt!” snarled the creature. He was a short runt of a humanoid, only around four and a half feet in height. With leathery green skin, coarse black hair and one of the ugliest little faces the succubus had ever seen.

“A goblin!” hissed the demoness, as she noted the hunched little creatures yellowed teeth and small wiry build. The little goblin wore only a grubby, stained loincloth for clothing, surely this was not a powerful wizard, capable of summoning her?

Cockweasel the goblin looked up in surprise at the sound of the succubus’s voice. He’d been ordered to sweep the whole tower by the Master and had not expected this room to be occupied. No doubt the Master had forgotten to tell Cockweasel.

“You are the mortal that summoned me?” the demoness demanded, pointing an accusing finger at the little goblin as she stood up.

Cockweasel frowned, noticing for the first time that the creature before him was naked, and had a very attractive body to boot. The sly little goblin felt his loins tingling as he gazed upon the succubus, it had been a long long time since he had seen a naked woman.

“You are the mortal that summoned me!?” the demoness said more forcefully, almost shrieking. She had only been summoned and enslaved by mortals a handful of times, and it usually ended badly. Usually with the painfully slow death of the human sorcerer.

“Yeah, Cockweasel is the name she-bitch!” the goblin shot back, a plan quickly forming in his head as he stifled his initial fear of the demoness. Although he was a goblin, one of the most hated races on the planet and one not usually known for its intelligence, Cockweasel was very cunning. That was possibly the reason he had been chosen to serve the Master.

The succubus’s eyes narrowed slightly, her seductive expression taking a slight edge. “What do you want goblin?”

Cockweasel clucked his tongue as he pretended to consider her question. “I have summoned you for my pleasure,” he said, flipping up the front of his loincloth and grabbing his own thick green penis.

The demoness scoffed, “Do you really think I will let you mate with me? You a goblin!” she laughed at the mere suggestion. “Surely a wizard of your…caliber knows that to lie with a succubus would mean your death?” she jeered. 

Cockweasel swallowed, what was he getting himself into? But as usual he plunged on, thinking with his dick instead of his brain. “It only means death if you chose to,” he bluffed.

“True…” she replied slowly. “If I pleasure you, you will release me?”

“Yes!” Cockweasel said, eagerly starting to stroke his cock as his eyes scanned across the demoness’s sinful body.

“Come closer wizard,” she beckoned, sliding down to her knees, her long, forked tongue slipped out and licked across her full red lips. The tongue briefly wound around one yellow fang and then disappeared back into her mouth.

Cockweasel moved up to the edge of the pentagram, being careful to ensure he did not step over the edge.

“Closer,” signaled the succubus, her lips parting into an oval ready to receive the goblins organ.

Cockweasel paused, his gaze flickering between her full, pouty lips and razor sharp fangs. “I’m not putting my cock that close to your teeth bitch,” he told her.

The demoness snarled, “Very well.” She stood up again and turned around, her seemingly delicate white wings folded on her back. She then bent over and braced her hands on her knees, presenting her full red buttocks towards the horny little goblin.

“Nice,” breathed Cockweasel, reaching up and running his rough hand across the demoness’s smooth buttocks. He slipped a finger up between her legs and stroked along the slit of her cunt. The demoness gave a rumbling growl as he probed one finger up inside her, his cock hardening in his other hand. Cockweasel gave her firm ass a slap and then moved over to the side of the room, grabbing a stool and dragging it to the edge of the pentagram.

Cockweasel clambered up onto the stood which put him at a much more convenient height, his out-thrust erection pointed directly at the demoness’s posterior. Knowing that if he lost his balance and fell forward inside the pentagram he would be a goner, Cockweasel very carefully reached out and took hold of the succubus’s nicely curved waist, pulling her ass back towards him.

“Oh yes! Cockweasel likes that!” the goblin groaned as he pushed his grubby cock into the demoness’s cunt. The succubus hissed at the thought of being used for pleasure by such a pitiful creature, but when the goblin released her she would have her revenge. Cockweasel tightened his grip on her red hips and started to pump against her ass like a dog in heat, the small room filled with the sounds of flesh slapping against flesh.

The short goblin grunted as he bucked against her, his small cock buried to the base with each thrust. It had been so long since Cockweasel had got laid that he knew he would not last long. A droplet of drool fell from the corner of his mouth, splashing into the small of the demoness’s back as he fucked her. Cockweasel’s long nails dug into the succubus’s hips and he increased the rapid-fire thrusts of his hips, his balls swinging against her with each shove.

“That’s it!” grunted the horny little goblin as he had his way with the succubus. “Oh that’s good!”

“Of course it’s good,” snapped the succubus as she suffered the indignity of letting the ugly creature hump her. “I’m a succubus you dolt!”

“Shut up bitch!” growled Cockweasel, slapping the side of her ass. “You’re ruining the moment.”

“Well excuse me then,” she replied sarcastically, but she did shut up, the only sound in the top room of the tower was now the slapping of flesh and the grunting of a certain goblin.

“Ahhh! Fuck!” cried out Cockweasel as his cock suddenly exploded. He yanked the succubus back against him, his cock penetrating her to the hilt as it pulse and pumping slimy green cum into her. The demoness let the goblin spend himself, more drool dropping onto her back from his open mouth. “Yessss!” Cockweasel hissed as he rammed into her a couple more times milking the last of his cum into her tight demonic pussy.

“Cockweasel!” came a sudden, angry sounded scream from lower in the tower. “Get your mangy green ass down here this instant!”

Cockweasel physically jumped at the sound of the voice. His cock popped out of the succubus and he tumbled backwards off the stool, falling heavily on the stone floor. The air whooshed from his lungs and he lay there for a moment gasping.

“Shit!” he swore after he took a moment to recover. The little goblin jumped to his feet, wiping his still sticky cock on his own loincloth and then making a dash for the door.

“Wait!” hissed the demoness. “We had a deal, release me!”

“Uh..” Cockweasel stammered a moment. “Gotta go, be back later, thanks for the fuck.” With that he bolted out the door, slamming it shut behind him as his stubby little legs carried him down the lengthy flight of stairs as quickly as he could manage.

The little goblin burst through one of the large ornate wooden doors about two thirds of the way down the tower and arrived in a large, richly decorated dining room. The long table had seats enough for two dozen diners, but presently only one seat was filled. Cockweasel’s Master, the Sorceress Valeria sat there with an empty plate in front of her, impatiently tapping her fingers on the corner of the table. As always, Valeria wore a long black gown, it was slit very high up one leg, her creamy thigh poking through and immediately catching Cockweasel’s eye. The front of the dress gaped wide, displaying plenty of Valeria’s pale snowy breasts, coming just short of exposing her nipples. The evil sorceress was an incredible beauty, with flawless pale white skin and long, flowing raven hair that reached to her waist. Her pristine features could have been considered angelic, where it not for the angry stare she fixed upon her slave.

“Forget something?” she asked, her voice surprisingly gentle.

Fuck! Cockweasel swore inwardly, he’d been so busy sweeping the tower that he’d lost track of the time, Valeria’s dinner was not served. “Sorry Master!” Cockweasel said in his most pitiful voice, falling to his knees in the doorway.

“Mistress!” snapped Valeria, “How many times do I have to tell you!”

“Sorry Mistress!” Cockweasel quickly said. He remained in a begging posture and shuffled across the room on his knees towards the entrance to the kitchen where the sorceress’s dinner would be waiting for him to serve up.

“Be quick about it Cockweasel!” she growled threateningly. The goblin leapt to his feet and dashed into the kitchen at the sharp crack of her voice. He knew better than to anger the sorceress. He quickly picked up the sorceress’s dinner, a large plate of steaming roast meat and vegetables. Cockweasel had never seen anyone cook Valeria’s dinner, but whenever the time came he would always find it waiting for him to serve in the kitchen.

He carefully carried the plate into the dining room, once Cockweasel had dropped it and he’d ended up spending a fear-filled day and night cleaning the outside of the tower with Valeria using some sort of magical spell to levitate him. He’d been scared shitless as she threw him several hundred feet into the air and made him scrub the tower.

Cockweasel placed the plate down in front of Valeria, taking the chance to have a good look into her gaping cleavage, his height perfectly lining his face up with the sorceress’s ample bosom.

“Wine,” she ordered, thumping her empty goblet against the table.

“Yes Mas..Mistress,” he acquiesced, hurrying over to the rack of dusty wine bottles in the corner of the room. He grabbed one and random and moved back to Valeria’s side, slowly pouring the red liquid into her goblet. As he stood there he couldn’t help but stare into Valeria’s cleavage, watching the way the ample swellings of her breasts rose and fell as she breathed. His cock stirred slightly, despite having just emptied it into the demoness upstairs. Valeria’s breasts looked so big and soft, so inviting, he wanted to just reach out and touch them. He could just make out the slight shape of her nipples jutting against the dark fabric of her gown and he yearning to lean over and suck the hardened buds into his mouth. Cockweasel imagined what it would feel like to thrust his small green penis between those summery mountains, the big melons would feel so good pressed against his pumping shaft.

“What are you doing you idiot!” Valeria’s angry cry snapped his gaze away from her boobs and to the goblet that was now overflowing with wine. Cockweasel swore under his breath and stopped pouring, rushing into the kitchen to grab a rag to mop up the spill. 

He rushed back and quickly wiped up the spilt wine. He noticed that a few drips had fallen from the edge of the table and landed on Valeria’s leg, left bare from the split in her dress. Cockweasel dabbed the rag on Valeria’s thigh, wiping up the split wine and giving her leg a slight squeeze at the same time. Then, unable to help himself he moved the rag higher up Valeria’s creamy thigh and then up to her breasts. The little goblin gave a small moan as he grabbed her huge left breast through the rag, under the guise of wiping up some imaginary splash of wine.

Valeria sighed as the horny little goblin crudely felt her up, the little shit was always trying something like that with her, it reminded her a little of her former wizard master, he’d always tried to cop a feel while he was teaching her magic. She killed him after she had quickly learnt all that he had to teach her. Valeria casually waved her hand in Cockweasel’s direction. “Shirrgalak,” as she spoke the word there was a soundless burst of energy and the goblin was flung across the room like a rag doll. He crashed into the wall and crumpled painfully to the floor. 

Without another word Valeria returned her attention to her dinner. Cockweasel never seemed to learn, he was always grabbing her tits or ass, despite the painful punishments it earned him. Once he had pushed things too far and she’d woken up to him crouching on her pillow and trying to push his slimy green cock into her mouth. She angrily unleashed a fireball onto his crotch and he hadn’t been able to piss without screaming for the next three months. Cockweasel had never tried anything quite so bold again, although it didn’t stop his busy hands. The only reason Valeria hadn’t killed the horny little goblin was that he was the only goblin slave she’d had that had been able to follow more than the most simple of instructions.

Cockweasel rolled over onto his back and groaned as he regained consciousness. All he could think about was how firm and plump the sorceress’s tit had felt in his leathery hand. It had definitely been worth the pain he thought to himself.

About ten minutes later the sorceress was done eating and got to her feet. She glanced over to the corner of the room where Cockweasel was still lying groaning to himself. “I’m going to the top room to work,” she told the goblin, shooting him a look of disgust. “I am not to be disturbed no matter what. Understood?”

“Yes Master!” Cockweasel said, sitting up immediately when he realized she had no sympathy for his pain.

“Mistress!” she snapped back angrily before marching up the stairs towards the room where she had the succubus that Cockweasel had abused.

Cockweasel waiting for a few minutes to give the evil sorceress enough time to reach the top room and then he hurried over to the table, grabbing her plate of leftovers and digging in hungrily. He had just placed the first hunk of meat in his mouth when there was an ear-shattering bang from above, followed by a flash of light that filled the stairwell. Cockweasel froze, his mouth full of food. There was the sound of a female scream, the sorceress’s slave wasn’t sure if it had come from the succubus or the sorceress herself. Then there was another explosion and a thud. Then silence.

Cockweasel spat the food out onto the table and started to dash towards the door. He froze as he reached the stairwell. Valeria had specifically told him not to disturb her. He paused in indecision, if he didn’t go up and she was in trouble, he’d be punished. But if he did go up and everything was okay he’d also be punished. It was times like this that he wished he had a normal goblin brain that didn’t think of so many things at once. It would be so much easier to just dumbly do what he was told.

Taking a gamble Cockweasel decided to throw caution aside and head up to check on his Master. He ran hurriedly up the stairs to the very top of the tower, his breathing ragged and labored by the time he climbed the final step. The goblin then burst open the door, expecting to see the room burnt to a crisp, or perhaps the dead succubus splattered all over the walls.

To his surprise the room was remarkably unscathed. The succubus was gone, or at least not in sight, the pentagram also no longer on the floor. Lying on her back, motionless in the center of the room was Cockweasel’s Master, Valeria. Her eyes were closed and he could just see the rising and falling over her expansive chest. She was alive.

“Master!” he cried out in alarm, hurrying over to her side. “Master!” he repeated louder, taking her by the shoulders and shaking her. Valeria did not stir, she was completely unconscious. Something had obviously gone very wrong. Suddenly concerned about the succubus, Cockweasel leapt to his feet and spun around, scanning the room for any sign of the demoness. But he saw nothing. Had Valeria banished her before she was knocked out?

The nervous goblin gave one more suspicious scan of the room then knelt down beside Valeria once again. “Master!” he said, shaking her violently this time. Still she didn’t awaken. Cockweasel sat back on his heels. Now what was he going to do?

Cockweasel licked his lips and stared thoughtfully at the motionless body of the sexy sorceress. He glanced around the room, double checking that he was alone.

“Sorceress?” he said, a little softer this time.

Cockweasel reached out and pinched the flesh on her arm. She didn’t move. His heart beating at one hundred miles per hour, Cockweasel reached out and placed his hand ever so gently over her left breast, covering the ample mound in his palm. “Master?” he said, his voice a husky whisper. She did not stir. Cockweasel felt his loins tingle in anticipation as he ran his thumb across the inner slope of the sorceress’s large left breast, left bare by the open neckline of her gown.

The goblin got up on his haunches and leant over Valeria, keeping his hand fixed to her large breast. He slapped her sharply across the side of the face. “Wake up!” he shouted as loud as he could manage. She still didn’t move and Cockweasel was at last confident that he was free to explore the lovely magician.

Breathing heavily, Cockweasel’s other hand moved to join its partner on Valeria’s chest. He took a large boob in each hand and squeezed them firmly. “Nice!” groaned the goblin his hands opening and closing over the deliciously ample mounds, kneading the resilient flesh. “Cockweasel likes these,” he moaned tightly gripping the mountainous orbs.

He then curled his fingers around the edge of Valeria’s black gown and yanked it open. The material tore slightly as he pulled it wide, exposing Valeria’s bare breasts to his hungry eyes. A droplet of drool fell from Cockweasel’s lower lip and into the deep gap of Valeria’s cleavage as his hands once again closed over her, now bare, breasts.

“You’re not bossing Cockweasel around now are you wench?” he said to the sorceress’s unconscious body as his fingers pinched and twisted at her nipples. The goblin then fell onto the raven-haired woman, his hard cock jutting against her hip as he plunged his face into her cleavage. Cockweasel made a sort of lustful grunting noise as he rubbed his rough face between her breasts, savoring the softness of her flawless skin. He turned his head to the side an captured a nipple between his lips, sucking it hungrily and at the same time starting to grind his bulging cock against her curvy hip.

The goblin’s feast continued as he turned to her other nipple, his tongue coming out and lapping against the hardening bud, sucking it forcefully between his lips. He gave the nipple a quick bite and then straightened up, adjusting his position so that he sat over her, straddling her flat stomach. Cockweasel then reached down with both hands and squeezed the sorceress’s plump breasts. He then jiggled them in his hands, watching in delight as the abundant sloshed about her chest. Cockweasel absently slapped at the sorceress’s big tits as he looked up into her beautiful face. For once she was not looking at him in disgust. 
