 Part 3 - Rebirth

Emily crept downstairs. It was night, and the hospital was asleep. Her subjects, much of the upper half of the building by now, all peacefully resting, regenerating energy for another day's pleasure-filled dreaming. 

Emily knew there was something down here. Something she knew, something she was. She had felt it. A great call, a power like hers. She suspected she was created by it, was part of it's being. But she had to know for sure. 

Creeping down to the first basement level, Emily closed her eyes. No one inside. Good. 

Entering she scanned the room for anything useful. Spying a cabinet, she found syringes. Upon seeing them, a fleeting memory flashed back to her - scared and alone her naked body was pierced one by one with needles like these, injected with carrier cells for the great being lurking below. 

Continuing down, Emily reached the second level. A dripping could be heard, and she could tell that the lower she went the less clean and kept the rooms would be. 

As she reached level 3, she sensed a great warmth from the far side of the room. Closing her eyes she cast within, seeing an elevator, a few humans and a furnace. 

'Ah, waste disposal.' She realised. No use to her right now. She moved on, leaving the humans to their burning. As she went, little drips of her, like a hot candle, were falling to the ground. Apparently not noticing or not caring about them, Emily paid them no regard. As she left however, the drips began ever slowly to edge together. 

Down on level 5, the ethereal being stirred. His sister was drawing near. Summoning energy, he began to sing. 

Emily froze, her mind encased in a thick fog. She was unable to think, to move. She neither saw now heard, felt nor smelt. From the fog, a swirling mist pf colours, drawing her deeper into a world of bliss, dampening her pussy and caressing her body, a voice seemed to eminate. 

'Emily.

Come to me.

You cannot resist. 

I am you, and you, I. We shall be one.' 

And with the final word Emily was standing, one foot on the fourth level, sweating, a rivulet of her lady juice running down the inside of her leg. 

Emily reached the fifth and final level faster than she would have liked. After her experience above, she was a little less sure about her adventure. However, she could not, and would not, turn back.

Somehow something told her that even if she wanted to, she wouldn't be able to.

There was a door opposite the stairwell. Inside was a hallway that branched off a long way both directions before turning in the same direction. Emily knew that this corridor surrounded the central room. This must have been a quarantine lab. 

Bracing herself, doing her best to dismiss the fog that rolled and swayed in the corners of her mind, Emily faced the central room and the great all powerful mass behind it's door. With a deep breath, such a very human thing to do, she stepped forward and swung the door open.

Emily took in the sight before her. The room was massive, and every corner was occupied by an enormous purple mass. Only a small cavity, about five metres by five metres in the doorway was untouched. The great unearthly being, in all its physical glory, looked upon her with eyes that did not exist in any way that a human could understand.

'Emily.' It thought. Or rather, she thought. Emily did not know. She was it, after all. Her mind was slowly drowning in blissful submission.

'You have become much more than I originally intended. 

You have somehow evolved beyond mere pathetic humanity. You have seen what it is to hold power over them, seen what puny physical dimensions the weak creatures operate in. Yes, I know. You have felt what i feel, seen what it is like to absorb their power, their emotion. You have their essence within yours, they power you. You feel your animal desires fed with their lust, your hunger tamed with their life force and your sensations excited and aroused by all theirs.' 

Emily could not talk, nor did she need to. It knew what responses she would have before she did.

In a dark recess of her mind, Emily somehow felt some kind of shame at her puny feelings of power compared to this mighty god. Her human body, so weak it was, sweating and trembling in it's nudity.

'You were intended to be the spawning point for a superior race, a new civilisation of human and Cadothe hybrids. Do you not see? You could have been their god. Your DNA would have been the designing blueprint for their entire species. You would have mothered an entire race.' 

Something in Emily twigged at hearing a reference for their species, but whether or not that information was saved was beyond the unbreakable fog in her mind.

'I do not know where it went wrong but i do know that you humans seem to have a stronger will than i thought. Such a tiny part of me would never have fully assimilated your essence. 

But now you will feed my own essence. Now you shall show me what you are. Now we shall truly become one...' It said, the light in it's heart glowing brighter. Countless tendrils began to snake from every surface, sliding over to Emily. They slithered up her body, sliding into her skin, deep into her soul. Everywhere they entered her, face, neck, arms, breasts, her whole body. She was practically covered in them.

'Come, Emily. Become one with me.' 

Emily was drawn closer, sucked in to His great pulsing heart. 

She would be the kickstart for his regeneration. She was the final piece, her unique biology the key to his full and unerring earthly domination. 

Emily could only watch, through foggy, glassed eyes, as her world was filled with his purple body. She was absorbed, her physical presence disintegrating within him, her essence freed from physical ties. 

Emily, supported by ghostly fingers that massaged and soothed her body, rose up, into the sky of those soft, sensual purple tubes, as countless numbers of them suckered softly onto her skin, entering her, filling her, until she was completely covered in their mass.

And she was gone.

Upstairs in Emily's office, Vanessa was sweating. Why she had come into the unused office she didn't know. Why she had had the urge to strip naked, she also didn't know. But now she moaned, pulling at the smooth, seamless purple mass on her groin, desperately trying to enter herself so that she could finish. She was on edge, panting and sweating. Her body, interlaced with millions of thread like lines of the purple vein, pulsed softly. 

Suddenly, as though she had had an idea, she turned to the wall. A bed with long sheets was pushed there and she yanked it back to reveal a grate. Running out from the grate were five or so long thick purple tubes going in all directions. Finding one stopped on the floor just below the grate, Vanessa bend and picked it up. It's tip left the tiles with a soft sucking sound.

Without wasting a moment Vanessa pressed the purple tube's end into her groin where it immediately attached itself, the tube expanding at the contact. The latticework of veins across her body began to flow, expanding. Tendrils of something shot from the tube directly into Vanessa, going beyond vaginal penetration, shooting up through her body and into her mind. She moaned, a long and loud primal call.

Her muscles relaxed, one hand still hanging on the tube. Her body began to pulse as she bent over onto all fours and began to ride the air. The tube shook as she sped up, jerking her hips up and down, her breasts swinging back and forth as she let out one long "ooooooooooooooooo" of pleasure, only interrupted by her rhythmic pumping.

'Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh OOH" she yelled, her arms tense as she dug nails into the ground. Her back arched as she furiously pumped, the tendrils in her body growing and taking her over. 

Vanessa rode him like a wild fucking stallion. He was good. Fucking good. Vanessa had never had 9 inches before but she was damn well getting it in her now, as she slammed her hips down on his member. He dug his hands into her chest, turning and pumping her breasts. Still she rode, her voice rising in pitch and volume as she practically screamed. 

Their relentless rutting went on, both parties yelling and moaning, screaming "fuck me baby, oh yes, harder you black fucking god". After twenty minutes, Vanessa's sweet spot, she began to change. Her moans dropped in volume. Her body tensed and rippled as she tightened her pelvic floor around him. She could feel him in her and she was ready for his load.

Keeping her whole body tensed, Vanessa, staring deep into his eyes, pounded slowly and rhythmically on him. The pressure of her tight clamp on him massaged his member, and her hand reached behind him to fondle his balls. Running her hand down his chest his massive arms grasped hers and with a huge outcry his cock exploded. Vanessa screamed out, flushing with cum, shooting it so hard it splattered on his stomach and legs. She came for minutes, riding him in her rhythmic, tensed speed. Only when she was done did she let go, and he relaxed, sliding out of her. 

She collapsed onto him, occasionally reaching down to scoop some of their mixed juices from their bodies and out of her pussy for them to share as dessert.

Vanessa's body was engulfed in purple, flowing like a river over her skin. She twitched, orgasms rocking her form. Her physical being seemed to melt, loose shape, before it reformed again. As the purple brightened, her features changed. Her hair went from dark and straight to curly and blonde. Her breasts ballooned, firm nipples peaking the mounds. Her body tone improved and her face changed. Information surged through the tube embedded in her body, essence, being. Words, memories, power. Brain cells rearranged and new muscles flexed.

Abruptly the purple disappeared, flowing into her and stopped. The purple stuff, tube and all, was gone, absorbed into her. 

Emily stood up, cupping her breasts and pussy. 

Still there. Good.

She searched her mind, finding all her own thoughts and memories in place but also others. She remembered Saturdays with hookers, growing up as a prostitute, her irratic parents. She remembered dark haired her, dressed as a man, seducing everyone she found. 

This was not her, and yet it was. 

It must have been the woman I became, Emily thought. She searched for a name and found Vanessa. 'Not bad, but I think I'll find a new one. I like the V though... How about Veronica Millhouse?' She questioned as a uniform formed and flowed over her. Buttons did up around her extremely large bosom and a name tag read "Veronica M. PDE, snr. Nurse."

Pants formed and shoes came out. Dressed, she was ready. Turning for the door, Emily strode purposely forwards, her hair now a bright blazing red and her striped uniform showing off her incredible curves.

Veronica was going to go home.

And then she was going to stop the monster in the basement of this hospital.

I mean, after all - when you've been given the power to control the world, why let someone else do it?

A girl's gotta have some fun in life.

- [TO BE CONTINUED.]