 Contact

The alien tube snaked up the winding myriad of pipelines and vents, up floors and shafts. Eventually it exited the wall cavity at a small grate in the floor below a patient bed. This level of the hospital still functioned relatively normally, with patients and nurses in most of the rooms. It was wanted this way, as this was where any newcomers would go. 

The tube led out of the grate and snaked across the floor to one of the bed legs that covered the exit point. It climbed up the inside where it traveled across the underside of the mattress. Finding a spot a little under the middle, it penetrated the mattress, simply sliding through the material. 

The patient above, resting after having another fit, didn't notice it until it was too late. The tube exited the fabric and contacted the man's body. Immediately, little branches speared off, covering his lower body, while the main stem of purple extremity snaked up his crotch between his legs and pooled around his reproductive organs. It literally pooled, too - spreading out like water in a pond around the man's now growing member - before it simply took the pole. It grew around it, running like water in reverse, sliding and rolling all over it, covering it. 

After a moment, it solidified, becoming a purple mass enveloping his manhood, a smooth purple lump encasing the whole of his crotch. The man's breathing slowed, tensed muscles relaxed. The creature, pouring it's essence into him, cured his disease while it occupied his mind. The man began to dream, dream of floating naked in a world of bliss, held by nothing while ghostly hands caressed his body and pleasured him beyond anything he'd felt before...

Emily was resting. She had explored her new home, this hospital, and had had a lot of fun experimenting with her new powers. She was a god. She could become anyone, make them hers. She was unstoppable. 

At the moment, Emily was happily snoozing in an empty ward, her body tingling and bristling with the ghostly sensations of the hundreds of people in her hospital. She dreamed, dreamed of all the people she had become, all the pleasure she was creating and absorbing. Countless men and women, all connected, all with their purple tubes snaking from their nether regions, running across the floor and down, down, down to where her embodiment really was...

Emily woke up. She sat up, confused. Her dream had been of the people in the hospital, those she knew were real. She also knew that she was the embodiment she saw at the end. She was real. But that was not her. She was here, she was human - at least, her physical representation was. But how was she here, a naked human in a bed, but also deep down, below her, a massive being of pure unearthly power?

She had to know. But first, to feed. Her human form needed human sustenance, more so than what her unreal powers could sustain. She knew exactly where she could go.

Emily was admitted to the local hospital after a fall from a tree left her unconscious for longer than she should have been. While there were no real visible problems her girlfriend, who was with her at the time, suspected something was wrong and rushed her there immediately. She stayed for hours, before closing time came and she was forced to leave. Since then, she stayed home, looking after the house and worrying. It had been five days now and no word from Emily yet. 

Emily was hot. Really hot. At 24 she was cute, sexy and had a full figure. Almost 6 feet high she struck any woman down with her looks, quiet, shy cuteness and sexy curves. She was modest, smart, and wise with what she did. Emily knew how to have a good time - quite often Saturday nights would see her and her best friends at or hosting parties, having fun and getting wild, while during the week she learned, worked and improved herself. She was quite truthfully, a role model for her friends, though they'd never say as much.

Her admittance to the hospital spelled a full stop for her. In the middle of so many projects and charging through life, one ordinary day climbing a tree for a kid's kite saw her take a nasty fall and end up needing care. She spent three days being closely monitored before she was moved to recovery. It was while there that she was again relocated, though this time she had not been notified of such a move. 

She was taken into a lift which seemed to go a long way without stopping. The men who were transporting her, dressed not in hospital gowns but rather suits and older-fashioned clothing, stood around her with unerring stillness. As her worry climbed up her throat and she began to think of escape, one of them, an immaculately dressed man with a chain on his jacket leaned over her and placed his hand over her face and the world was no more.

Deep under the hospital in rooms and levels long disused, a great being stirred. Within his heart he knew his full presence would soon awaken, that his hibernation would not stay. Soon he would need enough subjects to hold back those that opposed him while he assessed and assimilated the puny blood and bone people. 

As present the great being was running on 1%. A shadow of his true intelligence was all he used to keep his essence going, but little more. His subjects, their raw emotional energy fuelling him enough to stay solid in this world, their primitive sexual desires and physical sensations serving to some petty degree as his own, kept his minute intellect functioning. But it was not to last. He needed the entire building. He needed more. He needed countries. 

With a great groan that only his kind would understand as such, the being did the equivalent of a large stretch. Slowly, precisely, he began to emerge from his mental slumber. The glow in his centre pulsed, brighter and quicker.

Upstairs, Emily was exploring her body, marvelling at how she could stretch her skin and pull away flesh and it would simply rematerialise, growing back in moments. When she returned the removed chunks to herself they would simply mould into her, dissolving. She marvelled, intrigued at the powers she had gained the day her and the unearthly being became one. 

Emily was still not sure as to why the woman had chosen her, specifically, for the role she was meant to be playing. Nor was she sure what would happen when she was not put to her intended use. 

Emily paused for a moment. Intended use? If the woman had wanted her to be a birthing vessel for hybrids, hybrids between what? Human, of course, but what was the other? Whatever alien being the creature was? And why would the woman simply merge with Emily as she did when she could have done as Emily had been doing all morning, following her primal instincts, feasting on the pleasure and submission of others. In fact while she was at it, she questioned why she was doing this to these people. 

They had done nothing to her and yet here she was, pulling them in, absorbing their essences, their uniqueness, feasting like a wild animal on a rare carcass. And in the end that was all Emily could compare it to - the primal instincts of her nature, the overwhelming need to eat, sleep, and reproduce. Although, while that was the closest comparison, it wasn't exactly what she was doing. 

She was, in some way, doing all three in one when she assimilated others - their personality, their emotions, their sensations becoming hers, strengthening her and feeding her. It was like she was eating, sleeping and making sweet sweet love all at once.

Emily was roused from her revelry by a wave of nostalgia. She sank to her knees, hands gripping her head. She felt as though her mind was being grasped from within. Ghostly fingers slipped and slid over her and her mind and body were forced into submission. 

There was no arguing, no questioning. The force that overcame her didn't command respect, it was it. She never even had time or energy to resist. 

And then, like that, it was gone. She was back again, the swirling fog around her gone. She looked down, at the naked human she was. Saw cuts and gashes where she had unknowingly torn at herself. Confused, she stood, but no more dizziness came. Her woulds zipping shut like tent doors, she returned to the bed in her room and rested, letting her instincts guide her for now.

As Emily slept, her body changed. From her arms and legs sprouted tiny strings, streams that ran off her bed and spread across the floor. Purple lines snaked away from her as though her body was leaking the stuff. 

One such trail snaked under the door to her office, out into a hallway. Emily, for some reason she did not yet understand, had chosen to reside on the upper levels of the hospital, where business still went on. Here in the hallway the small flowing line of hybrid human and alien essence found another doorway marked with "STAFF. KEEP OUT."

The stream flowed in, microscopic to a human eye but teeming with inhuman power. On the other side of the door it found two women, chatting idly. As one got up to leave, not noticing the purple line which looked nothing more than cracks in the tile, the other sat back, closing her eyes as she smoked. She was lounging on the couch, relaxing under a "no smoking sign" and had her feet up on the coffee table in a very un-lady-like way. 

The stream was up the couch leg and across to her in moments, fresh blood detected. It ran across the dirty fabric and found the warm threads of clothing. As though it wasn't there, it simply went through it, soaking through the cloth of her skirt. It was met on the other side by bare skin. Contact.

Vanessa Lockleys was finishing her cigarette if it was the last damn thing she did. 'Fuck rules,' she silently mused to herself, 'and fuck those stupid wet panty nurses with their stupid fucking chirpy attitudes.' She sucked angrily on the light and tried, failing dismally, to blow a smoke ring. 

Looking down she realised she felt something damn under her leg. 'Goddamn sluts,' she exclaimed, 'fucking spilling their shit on the goddamn couches. I'm probably sitting in some pre-cum teenie's unsweetened pussy juice.' Lifting her leg slightly she felt under it but only felt her own dry leg. 

Before she could return the leg and finish her smoke, something incredible happened. Her pussy lit up like a fire had been started down there. The entire vaginal cavity, every millimetre, was burning with an intense passion. 

Vanessa's smoke fell from her lips, rolling off her lap and to the ground, smouldering. Her body relaxed, she slumped back, her eyes rolling up into her head as the purple being grew inside her, occupying her body. Her pussy full to stretching, her groin completely covered in solid purple, tiny rivulets began to streak in all directions, running like water through cracks up and down her body. 

Her skin prickled where it touched her, arousing every nerve in her body. Even when it met her eyes, mouth and ears and poured into them too, Vanessa still didn't even flinch. Before long, her whole body was covered in the rapidly solidifying purple. 

Her body twitched as it was racked by multiple massive orgasms while her mind dreamed of a world of clouds, where ghostly hands caressed her and beautiful, sexy purple dildos dangled from the ceiling. In her dream, Vanessa reached up for the tempting toys, dying to fill herself with them, needing to fill herself with them.

As Vanessa's mind-body met the toys and she hungrily inserted them everywhere she could, her body jerked, every muscle tensing. She came, hard, almost exploding, screaming out, burning with a bliss she was completely incapable of handling-

Vanessa woke, shooting upright. Frantically, she felt herself, felt the breasts that had been squeezed by so many hands, felt the pussy that had been crammed with the love meat of hundreds of species. She was in the office, sitting in a pool of her own cum, no dangling dildos or ghostly hands to be seen. 

Sniffing, Vanessa blanched as she remembered the cigarette. Looking down she stamped it furiously. Swearing at the burn mark it left, she stood up, trying desperately to ignore the impressively large sticky mess she left behind or the equally as impressive marks on her skirt, and cleaned up the smoke. Then she moved the couch and table so it wasn't visible, and sighed.

Everything's ok now, she thought, everything's ok. Feeling her damn and throbbing crotch once more but feeling nothing but tender flesh, she left, making for the toilets. 

Vanessa couldn't feel the purple mound that occupied her crotch, couldn't feel the way the alien being filled her, occupying her pussy so fully and entirely just as it did her mind. She was blissfully unaware, and would remain so...

... But not for long.

TO BE CONTINUED.