 The last thing Captain Chasity Bates remembered was transiting out of slipstream above Teldura before something rocked the ship harshly. Something hard hit her head and she hit the deck, and intermittently she recalled being dragged and carried to one of the escape pods and then the rush of being shot clear of the Amantia before it exploded.

When she came to they had landed in the middle of a field on the planet's surface, and not long after they they were rescued by people from the nearby outpost. The major had told her that it appeared that they had warped out of slipstream right into the path of a meteor that punched through their engines and caused the ship to explode. Fortunately, they had all escaped before that happened, but it had taken some time for all of them to be rescued and brought back to the outpost.

She'd mostly been stuck in the infirmary being looked at for her injuries. Later she had seen her cargo, corporal Brock, being brought in naked and covered in some kind of syrupy substance. She was still somewhat groggy from the whole experience and almost thought she was dreaming the whole thing. She noted that Al had a rather large penis and that it would intermittently harden up while he was being looked over by the doctor.

Her and the other five people in her crew were kept in the infirmary over night to be checked out when they heard a commotion outside. She was still somewhat groggy and faded out of consciousness as she saw the rest of her crew exit, and then for a time she passed out again.

When she woke again it was to the feeling of something warm, soft, yet hard prodding her face. She came to and was shocked to see corporal Brock standing before her in her bed, stark naked, and dick hard and throbbing being flapped across her face.

She felt something similar stimulating her clitoris and snapped her head down to see what was happening. She noted two things immediately: Her medical gown was gone, and she was completely naked, and there appeared to be a giant plant-like humanoid with a huge pair of tits and also an equally large cock prodding at her pussy.

"What the fuck?!" she said trying to get up, and then realizing that everything felt hazy, and her vision was being somewhat occluded by what looked like huge bits of dust or pollen floating around her. She realized that she was very horny and very wet.

Captain Bates was a short, surly burnette with a put upon disposition, Al had thought while was being transported to Teldura. Now that he saw her naked, and was groping her pert and firm breasts and fingering her luxurious hairy pussy, the surliness that had soured her pretty face melted away and now her big brown eyes were looking at Al longingly. When he put his thumb into her mouth and tugged down she complied by opening it and then he straddled over her face and lowered his cock into her mouth.

The corporal's cock was moderately long, but rather full of girth, Chasity thought, and despite it's length she didn't find herself gagging on it, and felt rathered relaxed. Was this due to the stuff floating in the air, she thought? Al's balls were heavy and flailing against her chin as he drove up and down into her mouth.

Below she could feel the plant cock enter her pussy, and cried out as it seemed to swell in size inside of her, filling her pussy completely and almost painfully. She shrieked around Al's cock, yet despite being violated both orally and vaginally, she began to undulate between their ministrations. Eventually she felt something heavy and almost syrupy fill her pussy, while Al's cock erupted several huge salty loads down her throat.

Soon, Al climbed off of her, and in the process grabbed her and pulled her off her bed. She felt something suddenly wrap around her neck and pull her towards the ground. She went on all fours, and realized that Al had a large vine-like tendril wrapped around his neck, pulling him to the ground as well. They were both tugged over to the plant creature, and she saw that the creature's body grew from giant pedals that were connected to an enormous vine that led to the door outside into the courtyard. It began moving in that direction and the two of them were forced to crawl on all fours alongside it until they were outside.

What Chasity saw outside in the courtyard made her jaw drop. There were others like the plant creature in the courtyard. And it seemed like the rest of the people at the outpost were out there with them, naked, and participating in a massive orgy with the plant creatures. She looked around and saw that the rest of her crew had been brought into it as well. Her first mate, Valerie Germaine, a voluptuous black woman with enormous breasts and a huge ass, was being groped by two of the plant creatures while sucking a third one off. The rest of the crew were huddled in a small group on all fours being fucked harshly in the ass by their plant captors. 

The spectacle was interrupted as there was activity by the front gate. A bunch of figures began entering the courtyard from outside, plant-like like the ones already inside, but not exactly the same. There appeared to be two groups. One group that entered were humanoid in appearance but their bodies appeared to have the consistency of bark on a tree. Their faces were hard and stern, and very masculine. She saw that they all had large, stiff dicks dangling between their legs. The other group were softer looking, feminine, and lacked any masculinity in their appearance or on their bodies. Chasity's thoughts were interrupted as she felt the tug around her neck, and she and Al were drug towards the newcomers.

They were drug on their hands and knees to the new ones that entered their outpost. They stopped short of the group, and the one that held them with its vines greeted the others warmly.

"It has been too long," Adonis said to the bark-skinned one, embracing it.

"Yes, it has," it replied as it seemed to casually grope Adonis' penis while looking at the two of them on the ground. "These are the 'guests' you told me about?"

"Yes," Adonis said gingerly, looking at the two of them on their knees. "They are not like us, an advanced form of animal, however they seem to share many characteristics with us."

The bark-skinned one seemed to be fixated on Al's cock, and Al couldn't help but stare at it's own huge, girthful, member.

Beside Al, Chasity gasped as one of the female-only plants came along side her and began rubbing its fingers into her clitoris roughly. "The texture and softness of its skin," it purred out softly. "The hairs are so thick and silky..."

Al tried hard not to stare at Chasity's violation when he felt a large and harsh hand envelope his own throbbing member. He looked behind him and saw that one of the bark-skinned people had come behind and began fondling his genitals. Another rough-skinned hand began groping his ass and several others began pinching his nipples.

The one that had been embracing Adonis stood before Al, it's own polished-looking wooden cock before his face, dripping and oozing it's sap-like cum. It had to be at least a foot in length. Al looked up at its auburn eyes, and found it in him to ask, "What do I call you?"

"Strom." it said plainly before it pulled Al's mouth open and inserted its enormous penis down his throat. From behind he felt another do the same to his ass, splitting it wide and spearing it hard and so suddenly he cried out and tears spilled down his face from the rough fucking he was getting from his new captors. Adonis looked on with satisfied bemusement on its face as Al was fucked harshly anally and orally.

As Al was being fucked from both ends, the rest of the newcomers began to scatter forth into the courtyard and join the rest of Adonis' kind in the festivities with their human guests.

A group of the barkskins converged on Briggs and Roscoe and pulled them away from each other, circled around them, and forced them to suck their giant cocks. Briggs' eyes appeared to be glazed over and he seemed to be on cloud nine while they both had their asses pulled wide apart and speared like Al was. Out of the corner of his eye, Al could see Chasity was being spitroasted in the same fashion as he was by the barkskins.

Sara, Penny, the major, Valerie, and the rest of people in the outpost were lined up, forced on their knees before the barkskins, and male and female alike were made to suck on their giant cocks. If the few men that hadn't been speared by Adonis' people had any reservations about being anally intruded, their apprehensions became moot as the other barkskins came from behind and began fucking the humans either vaginally or anally. Soon the outpost was filled with the sound of ecstasy as the humans were fucked furiously by the barkskins.

The women's breasts flailed almost as much as the men's cocks did at the rigorous fucking they were receiving. Al's own cock flailed about almost painfully, smacking against his abdomen as he rocked from the hard fucking he was getting in his ass. Unlke Adonis, the sap that lubricated the barkskins had a sour taste, rather than a sweet one. Despite that it wasn't an unpleasant taste, and soon Al got more than he wanted as the one he sucked erupted into his mouth and he struggled to swallow it all. The one behind him erupted deeply into his ass, so much so that it didn't exit his anus but instead seemed to seep deep into his intestines and settle there. The two that had fucked him withdrew and left him to writhe and moan on the ground, and he could see that Chasity and the other humans were in a similar situation.

Eventually Al roared out in relief as he felt his bowels finally release and the stuff they had pumped inside of him finally flushed out of his body on the ground. He felt empty and hollow after that, and he looked down to see that it was a mixture of sap and human waste, and all of a sudden he felt very drained and tired, sprawling out on the ground, trying in vain to drag himself away from his own filth.

All of a sudden he felt arms on his shoulders and he was being pulled away from the spot he was in, and he realized that a couple of the female plant people were beside him, their breasts large, their eyes bright and beaming. They pulled Al up and he realized that their tits began lactating something sweet, and nectarlike, and they began to squirt it onto his body, and coat him in it. They pushed him forward onto his hands and knees and began coating his ass and anus in the nectar, and he groaned as they began rubbing their fingers deep into his spinchter to massage and coat the inside with it. Soon he was thrown onto his back and one of the plant ladies began to lower their crotch over his face, and he saw that it was sopping wet, and the aroma was tantalizingly sweet.

"Are you thirsty, Human?" It asked him with a large grin.

Al could only answer by opening his mouth and with no shame whatsover drank greedily as the plant woman began "urinating" into his mouth, and the fluid it passed was almost unbearably sweet. It was almost intoxicating, and soon he found the strength to reach up and cup it's vagina with his mouth and lap and drink hungerly as it continued to nourish him. It laughed and cradled his head as he continued to drink, and soon he felt the fatigue fade away from his body and he groped the plant woman's ass harshly as he felt his dick become painfully erect.

The plant woman pulled back form Al's mouth and began to squat down, lowering its crotch onto Al's throbbing cock and began enveloping him. It was almost a painfully tight fit, but damn did it feel GOOD. Al managed to rock his own pelvis up into the plant lady's pussy, and it seemed to squeal out in ecstasy. It had long, thin, grasslike hair, with flower pedals strewn about it. The being had bright yellow eyes set in a bright green face and cheeks that were flushed violet. It's breasts were large and it's tits were perky and hard. He began suckling on them, and it rewarded him with more of its sweet nectar that he drunk down eagerly.

Next to Al, Chasity was in a similar situation, the lady plants had set upon her and cleansed her with their nectar, and then sat on her face and nourished her. Unlike Al, however, as they massaged the fatigue from her by groping her breasts and rubbing her clitoris, the barkskins returned, tantalized by their new female human quarry, and pulled her away. One of them slid under her body while the other two pushed down on all fours, and the one behind her spread her legs so wide apart that it was almost painful. The one beneath her speared her pussy hard and fast, and she yelped out as its huge member began kneading her insides, meanwhile the one behind her just as quickly speared her ass, and as she yelped out again the one in front of her shoved its cock down her throat.

She yelled and screamed and cried out in ecstasy as she was fucked harshly in all of her holes. Around the outpost, the rest of the humans were in a similar situation. Briggs was drilling one of the plant ladies while Roscoe was drilling Briggs' ass while a barkskin was drilling Roscoe's ass furiously. Valerie and Penny laid side by side while they were tit-fucked by the barskins. The other barkskins took turns spit-roasting Sara and Lise, along with the other women-and some of the men-in the camp. The rest of the men were in the thralls of the other plant ladies.

The orgy went on well into the waning hours of the evening, and eventually, the humans were allowed to rest in the courtyard, laying in the moonlight as their bodies glistened in plant sap and necatar.

Al, Lis, and Chasity were brought over to Adonis, Strom, and the head of the plant ladies, who decided to name itself Jane.

"What do you think of our guests?" Adonis asked the other two.

"They are intriguing, and most fascinating." Jane said with a hand under her chin and a wry smile.

"They are weak-willed and give in to their base desires very easily." Strom said sternly. "They pose no threat to us."

"Please," Jane exclaimed, "is that all you care about, how much of a threat that they are?"

"Yes," Strom replied, "however, the amount of pleasure I have attained from their innate animalistic nature has not eluded me." He said as he groped Chasity's breasts with one hand and yanked on Al's cock with another. Both yelped out in unison. Adonis slipped behind Lis, and speared her anus harshly, while Jane pressed her body against Lis' and began kissing her on the lips while Adonis fucked her from behind.

Al and Chasity were both forced on their knees before Strom, and Strom looked down at Al and said, "I wish to sample more of your kind. I want you to bring more of your people here."

Al paused for a moment, then said, "That could take weeks."

"We are patient. We are aware that the people sent here are unwanted by your people. Perhaps there are some that you would summon to exact retribution on?" Strom said, his stern face breaking into a frightful, predatory grin as his eyes pierced into Al's.

Al thought about it for a moment, why was I here? he thought. And suddenly he knew what he needed to do.

"Yeah, I think I can do that. I'll help you. But it'll still take weeks for them to arrive. What do you want to do in the meantime?"

Strom answered by forcing Al to start sucking his enormous cock while Chasity lapped his huge balls.

--------

Outpost 2039 had been set up around the orbit of a gas giant orbiting around a white dwarf in the Tau Cygni Cluster. The outpost helped to oversee the collection of various gas extraction refineries in orbit of the gas giant, as well as being a home to several ship yards and transit points for people either heading to, or returning from, the Outer Reach.

On this particular day, General Wyse, of the Core Systems Military, had been summoned by the Outpost Commander to receive a transmission from a world on the farthest outskirts of their territory.

Teldura.

The General entered the Commander's briefing room, which was empty save for the two of them. He took a seat across from the Commander, who appeared to have a look of nervousness about him.

"What is that you asked me here for, Commander?" Wyse said dryly, "I was on my way to a dissertation on Fioris 3 when you sent your priority transmission to me."

"We received a transmission from our outpost on Teldura 72 hours ago."

"And?"

"The transmission was addressed specifically to you."

Wyse cocked an eyebrow. "To me?"

"Yes, would you like me to play back the transmission now?"

"Well seeing as I am here, you may as well."

The commander pressed a few buttons on his datapad and the lights dimmed as the projector replayed the transmission on the wall in front of them.

At first the face that materialized on the screen seemed familiar to him, yet he couldn't place it. When the man finally spoke, did he realize who it was.

"I'm sending this message for General Wyse. When you get this message, I just want to start off with saying, how are things going you responsibility-dodging fuck." The man in the message flipped him off with both hands.

It was Corporal Brock. Wyse sat there frozen as the Corporal continued, "I've had quite a time here on Teldura. The ship that brought me here exploded upon arrival, thankfully me and the crew survived. However, I regret to inform you that the inhabitants of this colony are not very happy with their lot here. We all decided to get together and demand some R&R from this boring hellhole. I told them all about the fuck up you caused back on Zander Prime and how you pinned it on me. We're preparing to make a deal with the Zaiton Trade Alliance and join up with them unless you come here and relieve us immediately. If you don't I'll spill the beans to the Alliance and have them pass that information back to the CSM about your fuck ups during that exercise. You know, the one that almost killed the Admiral, the one that you were jockeying to replace in the event of his untimely demise. I'm sure the Alliance would love to hear all about that you asshole."

Wyse sat there as all of this was said, so paralyzed he almost forgot to breathe.

"You have three weeks to get here and relieve us. If you don't, the ZTA will be here instead to extract us and all of your intel. ONLY you and enough people to relieve us, do you understand? You bring anybody extra and we'll use the planetary defense grid to shoot your asses down, are we clear? Don't bother trying to respond to us. Just be here in the time allotted. Brock out."

The transmission ended.

"Who else has seen this transmission?" Wyse asked.

"Only myself." The commander said.

"Good. I want you to find your best soldiers and have them ready to go within the next 24 hours. We're going to go to Teldura and kill these traitorous bastards, are we clear?"

The commander, trying hard to stifle his own apprehension just nodded in agreement.

"We'll come in waving a white flag, and when their guard is down, exterminate the lot of them with extreme prejudice. How does that sound to you?"

The commander just nodded again.

"You'll be accompanying us on this operation, so you may as well get your gear together and brush up on your marksmanship training." General Wyse said as he left the commander in the briefing room pondering if he should just get his affairs in order instead.

--------

When Al had first arrived at the outpost after his encounter with Adonis and its people, he had found an outpost full of broken soldiers who spent their days going through the motions before ending their shifts by going to the bar and getting drunk.

This daily ritual had been obliterated by Adonis and the rest of the plant people's arrival.

Nobody wore clothes at the outpost anymore. Men and women would fuck at will with the pollen floating in the air. Or woman and woman, or man and man, or plant and human. True to his word, Captain Briggs reassigned Private Roscoe to his office and the secretary could hear them going at it behind closed doors daily when she herself wasn't going at it with one of the plant people or one of her fellow comrades.
