 "What a shitty way to start my assignment." Corporal Al Brock thought to himself as he climbed out of his escape pod. He had been on the fast-track to a promotion back in the Core Systems Military but had wound up running afoul of a hardass General during a wargames trial that hadn't gone as well as he'd hoped. The General had made a blunder, but rather than accept fault for his own shortcomings, had dumped the blame on Al. The General had plenty of clout and so there wasn't much Al could to do contest the results. So when he was told he was being reassigned to the Outer Reach for an extended stay on a long-range listening post, well, there wasn't much he could do in protest except suck it up and make the most out of a bad situation.

Only, it started out as a bad situation, and got worse. The world he was sent to was called Teldura, a recently discovered jungle world that had been colonized by a joint scientific and military task force. The military used it as a forward operations base and listening post, while the science team used it as a means of researching the local life and cataloging it for further research.

While he wasn't happy about the situation, he was looking forward to his new assignment in a way, and looked at it as an opportunity for growth and was determined to make the most out of a bad situation. However, things went from bad to worse when as his transport ship exited slipstream outside of the world's orbit, a catastrophic reactor failure occurred. A reactor meltdown was imminent, and the captain gave the word to abandon ship. The ship had barely anybody else onboard and Al rushed towards one of the nearest escape pods, and waited a few minutes for others to join him inside. None did. When the computer warned him that the reactor was about to meltdown, he closed the interior hatch and jettisoned from the ship. A matter of moments later he caught a glimpse of the transport erupt in a blinding fireball as its fusion reactor exploded against the blackness of space.

Things became hazy after that, as the escape pod began adjusting for re-entry into Teldura's atmosphere. Al passed out, and by the time he came to, the pod had already soft-landed on the planet's surface. He climbed out of the pod and surveyed his surroundings, noticing he had landed in the middle of what appeared to be a meadow, full of wild and exotic flowers, the escape pod's parachutes sprawling over some of the surrounding fields.

The escape pod carried radio equipment, a distress beacon, MREs, and other life support systems. Al tried to reach the outpost on his radio, but got nothing back but static. Either something was wrong with the outpost's communications equipment, or something was causing interference. While the distress beacon had been activated, there was no telling how long he would have to wait until help arrived. According to the EEVs telemetry, it had tried its best to land as close to one of the scientific outposts as possible, roughtly 30 clicks north of his current position. Most of the topographical data showed that it was mostly level forest between here and there.

The planet's speed of rotation was roughly 20 hours, so ten hours of daylight and ten of night. If he managed to average three miles an hour on foot, he should manage to arrive there by nightfall. So Al took stock of his gear and supplies and slept over the course of the evening, setting his alarm clock to wake him at 03:00 hours. It was stll dark out, and the local sun wouldn't rise for a few more hours, but it gave him a head start on his trek to the outpost.

He'd already planned his strategy out for the trek ahead based off of the map data he'd looked at. He'd intermittently jog/sprint starting out while the terrain was still open and flat, and then slow down once he reached the more wooded areas. In some spots it cleared out and there he planned on speeding up again, trying to go as fast as he could until he reached the more wooded areas. His thinking was that the time that it took to slowly make his way through the woods would be made up for by running through the more open areas. Hopefully he'd be able to arrive at or close to the outpost before darkness had completely set. And if it took too long, he had a few clearings in mind to set up a camp at so he could hold out till dawn broke.

According to the reports he'd read, the planet had a minimum of fauna and what little there was, was unremarkable, so Al had little fear of the local wildlife, but still was driven to maintain vigiliance at all times and to expect the unexpected.

Al's trek started off on a high note as he made quick progress, as he galloped across what mostly seemed like plains of grass. The "grass" didn't have the give or consistency of grass, but he ran across it all the same. Eventually he reached the first wooded area, and here was where things became truly strange. The trees were not like normal trees, and instead of having leaves or branches, there were giant logs full of interconnecting vines and what appeared to be pinecones protruding from their trunks. It was somewhat unnerving to observe.

Al blitzed through the woods faster than he expected since the "trees" were the only real plants in the wooded area. There wasn't much else as far as flora went to slow him down or having to cut through. Eventually he made it to the next open area and began rushing through it as quickly as he could. Once again he arrived at another wooded area, only this one was a lot different from the last one.

For starter's this one had more than the trees populating it, there were also strange looking plants on the ground, mostly growing at ankle-level, but there nonetheless. Al slowed down to take care not to overlook potholes or stumble into a ditch or even a pit. As he made his way through this area, something began to nag and unnerve him, and he wasn't sure what it was. He couldn't shake the feeling of being watched, and he found himself lookng over his shoulder more and more to make sure nobody was following him. He kept thinking his paranoia was foolish, but his instincts told him that it was unwise to ignore what his gut was telling him.

Eventually he arrived at another clearing and once again he took off sprinting. The sun in the sky had already reached its peak and was beginning to make its way downwards. Al was confident he could make it to the outpost before dark, and even if he couldn't, he could set up camp at another clearning near the outpost, and perhaps radio for help.

Eventually he reached another wooded area. This one was more thickly populated by both trees and plants than the last area, and something about it made his stomach churn. He tried his hardest to push the apprehension out of his mind, but still the thoughts of nervousness lingered. He pressed forward carefully. The light beginning to dwindle, but he was still confident he could make the next clearing in time to at least set up camp.

Time passed, he continued to make his way across the wooded area, but he didn't reach the next clearing. The glowing green star in the sky continued to sink, and Al began to feel his nervousness quicken. Eventually he resolved to set up camp somewhere relatively defensible before night finally fell, and he found such a place in a small clearing in the wooded area. He gathered up some "twigs" and other wood and lit it up with some accelerant and pitched a small tent. He heated up one of his MREs and ate in the relative quiet of the wooded area. The planet didn't really have much in the way of animal life, and what little there was amounted to little more than rodents and small birds, neither of which Al had noticed on his trek north.

He decided that he'd be better off stopping here than going any further in the dark. He made sure to stoke the campfire to last while he slept, then climbed into his tent and pulled his sleeping bag over himself. While he was still feeling that pang of paranoia and nervousness, he surprised himself by going to sleep almost immediately and hoped that his sleep would be an untroubled one.

His sleep was unencumbered by any thoughts, but at some point he found himself dreaming of being naked in a barracks full of soldiers, and being shocked that the other soldiers were themselves naked and slapping him on his backside and groping his cock, which was throbbing hard despite spending his whole life never once getting a hard on at the thought of fucking another man. His dream continued with the General showing up, completely naked save for wearing his dress jacket, his cock blood red and throbbing, jutting from a patch of blonde pubic hair and his balls, massive and weighty, and he demanded that Al get on his knees and suck on them.

Al refused, but the other soldiers kicked the back of his knees and forced him down into a kneeling position before the General. The tip of the cock was at his face, and Al resisted with all his might despite it touching his face and prodding at his lips. Someone grabbed his nostrils and closed them, and soon he was struggling to breath, and finally he opened his mouth wide to breath, and the cock entered his mouth, warm and wide, and began driving in and out vigorously. There was something wrong, Al thought, this wasn't normal, he shouldn't be dreaming about this. One of his earliest erotic memories was getting off to 20th Century vintage 70s porn. Taxi Girls. He wasn't into guys. Something was WRONG.

Al woke up suddenly, and realized that he couldn't move. His body was being pinned to the ground and his hands were bound together in front of him and his legs were being held down while he was inside his tent. He looked around and saw he was being held by what appeared to be vines that wrapped themselves around his wrists and ankles, pulling his body taught enough so that he couldn't move or resist. Other vines suddenly swept into the tent and reached under the canopy and ripped it from the ground. Al could see that that the clearing was being illuminated by a pair of bright white moons in the sky. The vines from what he could tell were coming from some of the nearby "trees".

He struggled against the vines and tried to pry his hands loose, and with startling ease the vines wrapped themselves around his wrists and ankles and held fast to him even harder than before. "What the hell is going on?!" Al cried out in a panic.

All of a sudden, the ground a few dozen yards in front of him began to bulge and bloat, and soon something began to emerge from the dirt. A large, bulbous, plantlike object slinked out of the ground. Along with it appeared to be "roots" or tendrils that he could vaguely trace towards the various trees nearby.

The object was relatively large and spherical in shape. It looked like a giant unbloomed yellow tulip, and much to his shock, the "tulip" began to bloom and its pedals peel down to reveal what looked like a vividly colored humanoid, of a sort, inside of it. It had what appeared to be legs that vanished at the base of the inside of the "flower", and it had a body that was hard to pin down as being male or female. It appeared as both, and as he further scrutinized it in the dual moonlight, he saw that he had vaguely feminine and masculine features. It appeared to have breasts, and he saw that it also appeared to have a penis in its groin area. Its head didn't have hair but had a lot of floral growth in the place of hair. The body seemed to be plant-like in nature and Al could smell a powerful floral odor coming from its location that wasn't entirely unpleasant.

While his heart was exploding in his chest, and he was on the verge of panicking at the current situation he found himself in, at the back of his mind he was vaguely aware at the magnitude of what was happening. He was making contact with an alien form of life. Whether it was intelligent or not was yet to be seen, but still, this was something he and his comrades had been drilled on but rarely thought would occur. And now here he was.

"Greet-greetings," he managed to stutter out. "I'm Corporal Al Brock of the United Systems Military, I mean you no harm, and extend my well wishes on behalf of the Human Race." He was frantically trying to remember the spiel he was supposed to speak if and when this moment ever came. The being in the "tulip" appeared to take notice of him, but didn't immediately respond to his words. Instead, the whole flower began to move foward towards him, and soon the giant plant person was in front of him. The vines began to lift him up and stand Al before the plant alien creature.

He could see that it had a face; eyes, a mouth, nose, and also had what looked like heaving breasts, but also a rather large penis jutting from its groin. In the back of his mind he barely recalled his biology 101 stating that plants were both male and female. The being didn't seem innately hostile, and when it lifted its arms up and began hovering its larged clawlike fingers around Al's head he wasn't sure whether to be terrified or to relax. Eventually it stopped, and then shocked Al by speaking to him in English.

"You say that you mean me no harm, are you being sincere?" The voice was hard to peg as being masculine or feminine, but the fact that it was English and that it was apparently reasoning with him was enough for him to feel a rush of relief.

"Yes," Al blurted out, "yes, look, I don't know what's been going on here, but I have no enmity towards you! There are supposed to be others on this planet, and I'm trying to find them, but I crash-landed on this planet. I'm trying to reach the rest of my people. Can you help me?"

The alien didn't say anything for a moment then spoke: "I'm aware of the others like yourself here. They haven't done anything to harm me or my kind, or are even aware of us, but how do I know that you won't do anything to harm us in the future?"

Al didn't know what to say. There's no telling what the science officers or the soldiers would do if they got a hold of one of these aliens. But Al wasn't either of those things right now or in a position to negotiate.

"Honestly I can't make a guarantee of anything. We've always been told that if we make contact with intelligent life to not behave in a hostile fashion unless they do so to us first. So I can only promise you that if you don't try to do any harm to us, we won't do any harm to you."

The aliens cocked its head, seemingly perplexed by Al's words. "We have never encountered a lifeform like yours before. You are warm-blooded and complex. You also seem to be binary in nature."

Binary? Al thought. Then he looked at the creature again and understood what it meant. "You mean there's seperate sexes?" Al asked.

"Yes." the creature said.

"Do you have a name, something that others refer to you as, or something I can refer to you as?" Al asked.

It cocked its head again, then spoke, "Call me Adonis."

Al tried to suppress a chuckle. "Adonis? Okay. My name is Al. My species is Human. What's yours?"

"I know," Adonis said. "I was able to read your mind to some extent which is why I can speak to you in your native tongue. My people are the Planta."

"Planta?"

"Yes, I can see in your thoughts that you co-exist with plant-like beings on various other worlds outside of some that you use for nourishment."

"I can assure you that we'd never try to eat another sentient species-" Al said.

"I can sense the sincerity from you, Human. However it is our custom that when we make contact with another species that we share ourselves so that we better understand each other."

Al didn't say anything at first. "Share ourselves?" Al thought. What did that mean?

"As I am the first to make contact with your kind, Human, I wish to learn more about your kind. I can only glean so much from your mind using my telepathic power. However I can learn more from you if I can gather some of your genetic code."

"And how do you gather my code?" Al said suddenly feeling more apprehensive again.

"By copulating with you and fertilizing myself with your seed."

Al's heart plunged into his stomach, yet at the same time, looking at "Adonis", he felt himself become excited in a way that he shouldn't. "Copulating? You mean by..."

"I wish to engage in sexual intercourse with you, Human."

Al exhaled harshly.

"Will this be a problem?" Adonis asked.

Al hesitated, but then understood what was at stake, and steeling his resolve responded with: "No. If that is what it takes for us to bridge the gulf between our two species and understand each other, I'm prepared to meet your demands, as long as no harm comes to me in the process."

Adonis surprised Al by chuckling, "No, of course not, Human. No harm shall come to you. I have read your mind and I can see how it is your kind reproduce. My kind are capable of reproducing with yours, whether you be male or female. Are you prepared to engage with intercourse with me? Or would you prefer another?"

Al looked at "Adonis" and saw a being that was both male and female, just like a plant. It had breasts, and it had a penis, and it also appeared to have a vagina beind the rather large violet-colored balls. The being's eyes were bright pink in color and rather vibrant. Its face had shifting colors of green and bright red. The hair-like pedals were rather long and made it feminine in nature even though it had a rather large and robust penis jutting from its groin.

Al had an intuition and surprised himself when he said, "Do you want me to suck your cock?" Adonis seemed mildy taken aback by Al's question, but almost immediately responded by forcing the vines around Al's limbs to force him down onto his hands and knees in front of Adonis' large, bulging clorophyll-colored cock. Al surprised himself when he opened his mouth to take it into his throat and sucked it down to the base of Adonis' penis. Adonis' cock tasted like a salad bar at an all-you-can-eat-buffet. But instead of trying to eat it's cock, he sucked on its vigorously and as deeply as possible. It's penis was surprisingly warm and smooth, and the "hairs" at the base of its cock didn't feel unpleasant to nuzzle as he took the member down to its base. 

Adonis responded by summoning other vines from nearby trees to their position and they began tugging and yanking at Al's clothes. Soon, Al felt his uniform torn away from his body and he was naked as the day as he was born before this alien plant person.

Adonis grabbed Al by the head and yanked him from his cock, and looked down at him. "You are not innately attracted to men, but you will suckle on my member, why?"

"Honestly, I don't know." Al said. "I've never fucked a plant before."

Adonis leaned in and began kissing Al on the mouth while he fondled his balls and cock. The kiss was shockingly sweet, and instead of saliva appeared to have a consistency similar to sap. Al found himself feeling intoxicated during this moment of intimacy, and noticed that the air around them flickered in the moonlight with what appeared to be dustlike particles. Was this pollen, or perhaps pheremones to further excite Al? Adonis eventually stopped and pulled away from Al's mouth, leaving a long streak of drool between to two of them. "I have never copulated with a Human before." Adonis said as the vines lifted Al further off the ground and split his legs wide up as it angled him down towards the alien's groin. The cock seemed bigger than before from this angle, and without ceremony Adonis speared it deeply into his anus.

Al's screaming and groaning could be heard throughout the woods. Adonis commanded the vines to pull Al's ass apart as he speared further and harder into Als' backside. Al's cock flailed about helplessly as Adonis drove into him at a rapid pace, and leaned into his face and began kissing his throat and lips. "Is the girth of my organ great enough for you, Human, or would you like it wider?"
