 It was a terrible night. Cannons were shooting fire every ten minutes. Huge waves were playing with Her Majesty Ship like a bottle. We couldn't last long. The pirates climbed our deck and slaughtered every fighting soul on the ship. Why didn't they kill me? Well... I was not a fighter. I was a scholar. And maybe they thought I was amusing when they found me hiding and trembling inside a storage room!

They bound my hands behind my back and took me to their ship. Wet and cold to the bones, I was wondering what terrible fate was waiting for me. Looking at their grim faces, I knew it would not be fun at all. They were waiting for their captain to decide on my fate.

A door snapped open suddenly, when all pirates stopped talking in fear and anticipation. It was then when I first saw her. Walking on the deck with her confident steps, she filled her men with awe and respect. She had a long red hair and beautiful face. Her nose was sharp. Her eyes were as blue and deep as the oceans she saw. She was wearing a red jacket and black tight pants. A long sharp sword was hanging on her waist. Her breasts under a cassimere white shirt were large and proud. What struck me the most, she looked really young among her men.

"Jack, how many men did we loose?"

"Only two m'am."

"Do I need to ask you so you can figure out I wanna know their names?"

"I beg your pardon ma'am!"

"Tell me their names, dull-head."

"Marcus blue-hand and Joseph no-foot, ma'am."

"May God bless their souls and sharks eat their bones."

"Amen."

I was amused by this funny conversation and how this huge man was trembling in front of this hot chick, when all of a sudden she turned towards me.

"And who is this man?"

"We found him hiding between the food packs. What do you want to do with him Captain Joanne?"

"What is your name, boy?"

Boy! Look who is talking. Anyways, I was not in a good position to answer back her insult.

"Mark. Mark Green."

"What do you do for living?"

"I'm a scholar, ma'am"

"What the hell does that mean?"

"Reading and traveling to gain more knowledge"

"Is this a job? What a spoiled brat! And how do you gain money from that?"

"Her Majesty the queen pays me some money."

"Oh God. You heard this Jack? The queen pays him money so he can drag his lazy ass reading and wandering around."

"Why don't you send me captain to her Majesty so I can apply for a scholarship?"

All pirates were laughing after Jack's silly joke. They quitted their laughter when their master asked me again:

"Do you know how to wash clothes and clean the rooms?"

"No. But I can learn."

"You ought to if you wanna live. This is your new job, boy."

* * * * 

Next day, Jack took me to a small room in the basement. He gave me a piece of soap and showed me two baskets filled with dirty clothes.

"You know how to wash clothes Mark?"

"Rubbing them with soap I guess!"

"Then, you better rub them hard. The last lad was thrown into sea when he didn't do his job properly."

When he left, I overturned one of the baskets to cast its load on the floor. Immediately, I spotted something wrong, out of place, as a flower thrown between the garbage. Above a heap of dirty, smelly shirts and torn trousers, there was a small blue teddy bear. A teddy bear on pink cotton. My heart started beating forcefully with excitement. I closed the door and reached down to pick up this small piece of cotton. And it was a pair of panties. Girlish panties. The ones young schoolgirls wear under their short skirts. They were the captain's panties (I was sure because she was the only woman on board). I couldn't believe my eyes. How come, this strong, stern woman wears this kind of girlish panties?

I sneaked inside many ladies' rooms in the royal palace to take a peek inside their panty drawer in my boyhood. I would always find all kinds of lyrca and nylon undies belonging to those Victorian ladies, but I never found something like this in their drawers. A teddy bear, cotton panty for a woman in her thirties?

What was she thinking, when she put this delicate evidence of her femininity inside a basket full with men clothes. Didn't she consider what any pirate would think after seeing her panties? The panties that were covering his captain's pussy!

I had an erection with these thoughts. I moved to a small window under the sunlight to examine the captain's panties. They were small and delicate between my large fingers. I unfolded the panties to examine the inner side. There was a faint stain on the crotch. The exact area which was touching her forbidden area. I buried my face in the crotch and took a deep sniff. I felt in heaven. The faint, distinct aroma of a pussy was there. The cotton was so smooth and comforting on my face. I couldn't take it anymore. I unzipped my pants and wrapped my straining erection with her small panties and started rubbing it. I had one of the greatest cums in my life. I needed to wash the clothes for hours to clean them from my sticky cum. 

* * * * 

I entered the captain's room holding a broom and a kit. When I was sure no body was in the passageway, I closed the door. Throwing the kit and broom aside, I started opening and closing her wooden drawers. I can't describe my excitement when I found the right one. Pulling a small drawer despite the creaky sound of oak wood, a feast of colorful cotton was waiting for me. There were six or seven panties, all cotton, in different kinds of colors. One of them was a white, cotton panty with red, small hearts. Another one was blue with a large yellow duck on its front panel. There was a sweet, feminine perfume coming from them mixed with heavy smell of old wood. I striped down out of my clothes and carried the panties to her bed. Lying there on her large bed, I stuffed a panty between my butts, wrapped the one with a duck around my dick, smothered my face in a third one and covered my hairy chest and tummy with the remaining panties. I was in heaven. Feeling her smooth underwear around my organs and skin, it was indescribable. When I felt the familiar strong surge of near coming, I remembered I was lying on her bed. I tried to stop my shots with her panties, with no success. When I finished cuming, I was lying breathless on her bed, with a lake of sticky cum around my legs, her duck panty completely covered with semen and the hearts panty was still stuffed between my butts.

The door was shoved suddenly open;

"What the hell are you doing on my bed?"

* * * * 

I struggled to hide her panties behind my back. The duck panty fell down on the floor covered with sticky cum. I was hopeless.

"You shameless bastard, how do you dare searching my private things?"

Her panty drawer was pulled out, open and empty. I was sitting on her bed naked with one of her panties between my legs. She pulled her long sword out of its scabbard and pushed its piercing end against my chest.

"Get up from my bed."

I arose from my sitting position and moved to the door. To my horror, I discovered the red-hearts panty was still stuck between my butts. I relaxed my ass cheeks to allow her small panty to fall down between my feet.

"Turn around, you pervert."

I turned around hesitantly to face her. My dick was as hard and erect as it had never been before. This fucking piece of meat was finding this dangerous situation exciting. I wished I had a sword at that time to chop it off.

"What were you doing?"

"Nothing" "Nothing! Do you think I'm stupid? A naked guy on my bed playing with my underwear and you tell me nothing!"

I didn't know what to say. My situation was awkward and dangerous. I figured out the best thing to do was to keep silent. The weird thing was my excitement. My penis was really huge and erect. She dropped her gaze to my crotch and swallowed breathlessly.

"Why are you hard?"

"Hard?"

"Your thing ... Your thing... Why is it hard?" She asked nervously.

So, she was also excited. I knew at that moment, if I had a hope it was between my thighs. I should use all my skills and weapons to seduce the woman behind the pirate's clothes.

"Make it stop or I will chop it off with my sword."

"Stop what?"

"Your thing, dull-head."

"What thing?"

She looked on my dick and swallowed again. My dick was moving stupidly with my breathing.

"You mean my dick?"

"Yes pervert. Make it stop."

"I can't"

"Why you can't?"

"Whenever a guy sees a hot woman he desires, his dick becomes hard."

I closed my eyes, waiting her sharp sword cutting my flesh. But, she didn't become angry. Instead, she was standing there, pressing her full thighs together in an awkward position. The first step to my goal was successful.

"Why were you playing with my underwear?"

I knew she asked this question waiting for a hot, naughty answer. If this wasn't her intention, her question would not make sense at all. I had to satisfy her secret desires.

"Because, they are yours. Just the thought of how intimate and close these panties are to your forbidden holes make me hard."

She didn't speak. I had to make the third step.

"I really envy them. I wish I would be one of your panties, so I can taste your sweat and touch your pussy"

Her lovely cheeks flushed a little. My dick was straining with excitement.

"And when you sit down, I would stuff myself between your butts so I can sniff your tight asshole."

This one was really stupid, but I couldn't stop it with all the excitement and tension I felt. Thanks God she wasn't offended by this sentence.

"And when you are horny and wet, I would drink all the honey and juices pouring from your pussy."

It was time to take the last step.

"Are you wet right now?"

She flushed a little more and swallowed uncomfortably;

"No."

"Really? Then what's this strong smell felling the room? Certainly, it was not there before you came."

I moved towards her carefully. There was a very thin line of tension and desire between us. I was using all my wits to keep the tension without cutting the line.

"Why don't you show me your panties to check if you are wet or not?"

I dropped on my knees below her and touched her inner thigh with my hand. Moving it very slowly upward, I cupped her crotch with my fingers. She didn't resist my bold violation of her forbidden area. In the contrary, she moved her legs a little bit to give me a better grip. I knew she became mine. I undid the button of her black pants and pulled them down her shapely legs. She was wearing purple, cotton panties and they were soaking wet.

"See, I was right after all."

I pushed my index finger under her panties, touching her swollen lips in my way. She moaned with pleasure. My finger was drenched with her thick honey. I hooked my finger around the crotch and pulled down. The waist band was stuck around her hips for a moment allowing the elastic material to be further stretched down to her knees when it suddenly snapped free. Her panties reached her knees, and then they fell down to the floor. I helped her stepping out of them. Picking her panties up, I smelled them with rapture.

"Ummm.. they smell good."

She gave a shy smile and said:

"Why you don't smell the real thing."

This was it. I held her bare butts with my hands and pulled her towards my face. Her pussy was shaved. Her pink lips were swollen and open. I smelled in and out her lovely musk. She felt weak in her thighs when my hot breath touched her open pussy. She leaned down and sought support on my shoulders. I stuck out my hungry tongue and licked between her pink, swollen lips. My tongue was rewarded by the taste of her warm honey. She couldn't stand anymore. She pushed my face with her pelvis straddling me in the process. I ended up lying down on my back with her pussy pushing against my tongue. Her honey filled my mouth and lips. She needed another couple of licks to send her body in countless shivers of pleasure and satisfaction. 

* * * * 

She was lying tired on her tummy, after I fucked her twice. Her lovely ass looked beautiful and firm. I gripped her ass cheeks and squeezed them with both hands. I had a lustful impulse when I saw her sharp sword thrown on floor. I walked to the middle of the room and picked up her sword. It was very cold and heavy in my hand. 

"What are you doing?"

"Don't worry sweetheart. Trust me."

I touched her back with the tip of the sword.

"Ouch.. you're hurting me." 

Running the tip of the sword slowly, I was careful not to injure her tender skin. When the tip of the sword reached the dark cleft between her butts, she did what I expected from her. She pulled up her knees beside her chest and arched her back, opening her ass cheeks by this position and exposing her pink puckered anus. I pushed the sharp tip of the sword very carefully against her asshole. She tightened it immediately when she felt the cold, sharp pain. A tiny, drop of blood ran along the cold steel.

"How do you feel, sweetheart?" 

"I want to push it more inside me."

I felt tender love for her. I dropped the sword to the floor and buried my face between her cheeks. I touched the small wound near her anus with my tongue, tasting a mixture of her blood, honey and sweat.

"Oh God, this really feels good."

I pushed my tongue deeper inside her asshole, feeling it tightening around my tongue. This gave me an extra dose of how her asshole tastes. Her sweat ran down the crack of her ass, to end also in my tongue, adding a salty taste.

I removed my tongue from her ass, to replace it with my cock. I guided my cock inside her asshole, and then pushed very slowly. The incredible sensation of her tight, sticky passage was beyond belief. I kept banging her asshole, till we came together. When I draw out my dick, my cum was pouring from her asshole down her crack.

* * * * 

A violet explosion moved the ship suddenly. Joanne jumped out of my embrace and put on her clothes in seconds. A terrified ringing of bells sounded all over the ship. There were hundreds of running steps and shouts coming from the deck. I put on my clothes quickly and followed Joanne. When I reached the deck, a cannon shoot exploded five feet behind me. There were thousands of flying nails and wood pieces. Joanne asked one of her men:

"What's going on?"

"It's Samuel the dog's ships. They are attacking from two sides."

"Shit. Which one is bigger?"

"The one on the left, captain"

"Tell the men to shoot their cannons on it and forget about the small one."

"Yes, captain."

The man ran towards the cannons. Joanne ran towards the rudder. The ship turned thirty degrees, when all of a sudden our cannons shot fires in an exploding roar. The big ship belonging to Samuel burned on fires. The light of the fire showed us a terrifying view. More than twenty small boats filled with Samuel's men sneaked to our ship in the darkness. Joanne called her men:

"Pull your swords and come to the deck."

A fierce explosion hit our ship from its right side. Ten more boats came from the other side. Hooks and chains were thrown from both sides. Samuel's men poured inside our ship. A terrible battle with swords started. Every one of our men was fighting five to six of Samuel's men. It was a hopeless battle. Joanne was fighting with her sword three men after killing two when a third explosion caused her to loose her balance. The men jumped on her from both sides and pulled her sword away.

* * * * 

We were sitting against the wall with our hands bound from behind. Samuel's men were divided to three groups: one was guarding us, another searching inside our ship and a third one, busy in receiving a mysterious boat. An old, obese man climbed the ladder and walked towards us. He was Samuel the dog.

"Ho ho ho. So, this is Joanne the seal gull at last. I was waiting for this moment all my life. Remember the night you killed my brother. You will pay for it, tonight."

"Your brother killed my father."

"And I'm killing you my dear."

"I'm not afraid of death."

"Really? Did you think I would be kind enough to kill you without some fun? Life is not that simple my dear. Daniel."

"Yes, captain."

"I bit Joanne's men never saw their lovely captain naked before. Why you don't give them a little show."

That was brutal. I closed my eyes hoping for a miracle. Daniel held Joanne's leg and pulled her in front of us. Joanne struggled through her robes helplessly. Daniel grasped her cassimere, white shirt with both hands then suddenly he ripped it off. All Joanne's men closed their eyes when their captain's large breasts swayed under the moonlight. Her nipples were large and brown. With her hands bound to the back, her breasts were protruding proudly on her bosom. Daniel reached down with his hands and squeezed them, when Joanne turned to him and spited on his face. Samuel the dog laughed and shouted with his ugly voice:

"Poor Daniel. Does anyone want to help him?"

A huge pirate with one eye advanced with a large erection. He pushed Joanne to the floor and ripped her pants off. He pulled her cotton panties down to her ankles. Joanne was completely naked in front of hundreds of hungry men.

"My .. my. Your captain is really hot. Johnson, push this large broom inside her ass."

The huge pirate with one eye took the wooden broom I used to carry. Two men carried our struggling captain on their knees and spread out her ass cheeks. Her asshole was glistening after our fuck. Johnson pushed the huge broom inside Joanne asshole. She cried with pain. He banged her mercilessly with the broom until she passed away. 

"Now, it's your captain turn to fuck this horny bitch."

Samuel cut the robes binding her ankles and spread her legs. Her pussy lips were puffy and pink. He removed his pants to show his ugly small dick. He was rubbing his hands with excitement. He held her lovely thighs with his filthy hands preparing to rape her. Suddenly, a window was pushed open and a flying arrow cut though Samuel's neck. Samuel dropped to floor dead.

Samuel's men cried with anger and stormed into the room the arrow came from. When they were in, a violet explosion inside the room turned their bodies into char. Then, Jack (who was hiding somewhere, planning to rescue his adorable captain) appeared from the smoke, like a mad demon, killing and injuring Samuel's men. Our men cried with joy when they saw him. He cut the robes of one of our men and handed him a sword. The free man rescued the other bound men. Samuel men couldn't resist long with no captain. They started jumping into the sea. When the men finished their battle, Jack brought a sheet and covered his captain with respect. We carried Joanne with bleeding heart to her room to have some rest. 

* * * * 

A small boat was waiting for me under the ship. I was putting my clothes and books into my bag. Joanne entered my room;

"Are you determined to go?"

"Yes, I'm."

"Why you don't stay with us?"

"Your life is crazy. I pissed on myself and saw death twice within one week."

"I will never forget you."

"neither I."

When the boat reached the harbor, I opened my bag and chuckled when the panties fell down. I imagined her look when she pulls out her panty drawer and discovers all her panties are gone.

THE END ..

(Author notes: If you enjoyed this story, take a minute from your time to post a comment, send me an email and rank the story. Read my other stories: The ten nymphs of mount harem and my story with Cathy. Nothing is better than knowing the reader's impression. See ya in next story)