 A large transport ship streaked from deep space into the orbit of Teldura, and instantly began to enter the planet's atmosphere, before finally landing in a large field a few dozen clicks from the outpost. After a few minutes the cargo bay doors opened and two dozen soldiers marched out of the ship, accompanied by three officers, while the rest of the flight crew remained onboard.

General Wyse was leading the platoon of soldiers they had enlisted from Outpost 2039, and alongside him was the Commander of the outpost, Briar Pickman, a bookish, stoic man who didn't seem comfortable at all with being here. The other with him was his most trusted lieutenant, Lily Murasaki, a short, lithe Asian woman whose icy cold gaze could turn the most hardened enemy combatant into molten wax.

They stopped a few meters outside the cargo doors and General Vyse turned to address the rest of the soldiers.

"I trust that you have reviewed the intelligence provided to you on the way here?"

Nobody dissented in the negatory.

"Then you know the drill: We hoof it all the way to the outpost; me and half of the platoon will enter waving a white flag. The rest of you will fill into the positions indicated in the outpost's schematics and start marking your targets as they show up. When I give the signal, start dispatching the sons of bitches as quickly and efficiently as you can. The ones you can't get, we'll deal with from our end. Any questions?"

"What if we get separated between here and there?" A tall brunette woman asked.

"I highly suggest that you don't, but if you do, and you can't reach the outpost, do your due diligence to return to the transport, but if you can't make it, don't expect us to remain here to recover you. Any other questions?"

Silence.

"Then move out, it's still early dawn, and we have a lot of ground to cover, let's go!"

-------

Captain Renfro of the CSS transport Amorosa, a tall, bald man, watched from the viewport as the platoon began marching off briskly into the wilderness, leaving him and his five crewmates to linger and wonder what in the hell was going on.

"I don't like this." His first mate, Mara Corvino, a nervous, reticent blonde-haired woman muttered out.

"Why not?" Renfro snorted, "We get our leave cancelled, have to transport a bunch of soldiers being led by Sergeant Slaughter to an outpost for reasons they won't tell us. And we don't land AT THE DAMN OUTPOST. And we're ordered not to leave the ground until they're all back. Yeah, not damned weird at all."

"And what's worse is that we're stuck on this strange moss-covered rock..." Mara said as she bit her lip, a nervous tick of hers she indulged in when something was bothering her. "I got that feeling again."

"I know." They'd come to this planet several times to ferry people to and from it, along with supplies. The environment seemed docile enough, but it gave them the creeps to look at for any protracted period of time, and everybody agreed that it felt as though something was staring back at them. Renfro hit a button and a blast shield sealed over the viewport and then the two of them walked off to the galley to join the others while they waited for the soldiers to come back.

-----

The sun was still rising, and Flight Navigator Reg Pulaski was leaning against the starboard viewport looking at the weird world outside while talking to Chief Engineer Ortiz.

"God damn I can't believe our leave was cancelled!" Ortiz spat out, babbling some of it in Spanish that Reg had picked up on over the past year he'd been assigned to this ship. Aside from his bad habit of not speaking English with the rest of the crew when off duty, he wasn't a bad guy, and Reg couldn't fault the guy's foul mood, because it was all he could do not to join him in pitching a fit. Last he checked Jennings and Brenner were drowning their sorrows out in the galley by taking turns with a bottle of Jim Beam.

"Fucking prick General has a stick up his ass, and some nerve disrespecting the Captain like he did when they drafted us into this shit!" Ortiz said, finally losing some of his vitriol.

"Yeah, tell me about it," Reg said stifling a sigh. "you get a load of that 'chica' that was with him though?"

Ortiz began to grin leerily at the thought of that tight Nippon that had come in with the General. "If I could get a piece of that it'd almost make this fucking detour worth it. Almost."

"Something tells me asking her out wouldn't be a good idea."

"No shit, the bitch snubbed Jennings when he welcomed her aboard the ship. Mara is even more perturbed than usual now."

"Mara is always perturbed, how long you think it's been since she's been laid?" Reg said.

"I think she needs a LOT more than just pipe laid to help with her issues, more like-what the FUCK?" Ortiz motioned Reg over to his side of the viewport and pointed at something standing in the grass. Daybreak was casting a bright shroud over the "grass" below their ship, and the grass seemed to refract some of the light, making everything look dreamlike and surreal, and hard to see. But then he saw it: what looked like a naked black woman standing outside the ship waving her arms in a flagdown gesture to get their attention. Even from the distance from the viewport they could see she had huge natural tits that flopped around as she waved her arms.

"Holy shit, is that Valerie?" Reg said.

"You know that chica?"

Reg pressed his face closer to the viewport and strained his eyes against the weird light show outside. "My last assignment was on another transport ship and she was first mate. What the fuck is she doing here..." He hissed as he slammed his fist against the viewport in frustration as the light grew brighter and obstructed his vision more. He keyed in his commlink, "This is Reg, I need everyone on C Deck, Starboard corridor, NOW. Me and Ortiz see someone outside and it's not one of ours!"

The Captain and Mara arrived first, from above deck, while Jennings and Brenner stumbled in from the aft, cheeks red, and the shorter, diminutive Brenner was slightly wobbly as she struggled to tie back her long red hair.

Reg moved aside so Renfro could look out the viewport, and he squinted his eyes as he tried to see what was out there. "I can make something out...vaguely. I see movement. It looks like a person..."

"It looks like someone I served with on the Amantia!"

"What?!" Renfro said turning to Reg. "Who?"

"Valerie Germaine."

"How could you tell?" Jennings barely slurred out.

Reg paused.

"The bitch was black, naked and had huge fucking knockers." Ortiz answered instead, exaggerating his arms out over his chest as he said it.

"Naked?" Renfro cocked an eyebrow.

"You sure you haven't had too much to drink?" Brenner giggled in her southern drawl before hiccuping.

"It wasn't as bright out there as it is now, I swear to god, sir, it looked like her."

Refro said nothing for a moment and looked outside again. "I can see something. Reg and me are going out there. Everyone else standby in the cargo bay while we go out there."

"Captain, are you serious?" Mara said following the rest of them down to the cargo area.

"I read a report recently that the Amantia had been lost in orbit above this planet, but that the crew had survived. They could still be here and that could be her out there."

"Naked?" Jennings slurred out.

"Who the hell knows what's going on here. Maybe the soldiers are being sent in to rescue them or something else is going on, either way, I want some fucking answers." The captain said as they entered the cargo hold. They made their way to the back, past some of the troop carrier supplies that had been brought in before they shipped out.

As Mara opened the personnel bay access Reg and Renfro went to the bulkhead and opened a locker and pulled a couple of shotguns out of it, loaded them, and then before heading down the stairs looked back at Mara and said, "There's radio interference so we can't maintain a live link, so if we're not back in thirty minutes, and if you can't see us outside, or we're down, dust off into orbit and call in some backup and transit out of the system if you have to."

"And if General Wyse-" Mara tried to ask before Renfro cut her off.

"And if Wyse calls in to object tell him to sit on it and spin!" And with that they disappeared into the blinding daylight, shutting the ramp behind them as they stepped beyond the rest of the crew's view.

----

Reg had seen the woman on the starboard side and they had exited out the port side. They made a beeline to where they thought they saw her and jogged to the location in less than a minute, not wanting to spend a second longer outside than they had to.

There was nobody there, however they did see what appeared to be footprints that had been pressed into the grass and trailed off behind an outgrowth of rocks jutting from the soil.

"I don't like it." Renfro said.

"Should we split up?"

"No. We stick together. We'll go around the other side and see what's there."

"And if there's nothing there." Reg said, trying not to sound nervous.

"Then we get back in the ship and try to call this in."

They moved briskly but carefully to the opposite end of the rock formation, and when they rounded the bend to the other side of it, slowed down and Renfro peeked his head carefully to peep at what was there. He wasn't sure what to expect, but what he saw was a naked woman sprawled on the grass a few dozen meters from them. Renfro motioned Reg to join him and they both sped over to her and kneeled down beside her.

"Holy shit it IS her!" Reg said as the captain turned her face up into the light. Reg had spent over a year working with her and Captain Bates, and while he often fantasized about Valerie, he was trying very hard not to gawk at his former superior officer laying stark naked in the middle of nowhere like this.

"Miss Germaine," Renfro said lightly patting her face, "Val, can you hear me?"

Her eyes seemed to furl and then she opened them while yawning and stretching out her arms and legs and Reg tried hard not to stare at her tits or pussy. She looked past the Captain and locked eyes with Reg and smiled broadly when she spoke. "So it WAS the Amorosa. I haven't seen you in ages, Reggie."

"Valerie, what the hell is going on?" Renfro asked.

"You been doing alright?" she said ignoring Renfro's question. "You look really stressed out, hun. Maybe you need to lie down and relax."

The Captain began to notice that something had changed. There was something floating in the air that wasn't there before. Huge dust particles, that looked an awful lot like..."

Reg sneezed. Renfro looked back and saw that his navigator's eyes were starting to glaze over. He set his gun down and shoved the Captain aside before crawling over top of Valerie.

"What the fuck are you doing?!" Renfro yelled. Reg ignored him as Valerie reached up and roughly grabbed onto Reg's junk through his flight suit while she used her other hand to unzip his flight suit and reach inside and start playing with his genitals. Renfro was frozen on his knees, slackjawed as he watched Reg start fondling Valerie's tits and fingering her pussy while she giggled and yanked Reg down by the collar of his flight suit so she could kiss him.

"I know you've wanted to do this to me, Reggie," she said between their kisses, "you can do WHATEVER you want to me, baby." She turned her face to Renfro and gave a devilish wink. "There's plenty of holes to go around if you want to join us, Captain."

Renfro winced and grimaced, and found it within himself to turn away and climb over the rocks to the other side and began moving towards the Amorosa. He tried to run, but he felt light-headed and almost drunk, and his legs were not cooperating. He dropped his shotgun and made it a few more meters before falling to his knees and breathing heavily, and his flight suit was containing a very painful erection that he was fighting very hard not to satisfy.

Everything around him seemed to be hazy from the pollen-like dust in the air, and between it and the grass refracting the sunlight, it gave the LZ an almost dreamlike quality. He wanted desperately to move but couldn't find it in him to do so. Behind him, he could hear Reg and Valerie moaning and there was the occasional slapping sound followed by a yelp from her.

His dick was unusually, painfully hard. His whole body felt flushed and his cheeks were burning up. He tried crawling back towards the ship. How much time had passed now? It couldn't have been long, yet it felt like an eternity.

All of a sudden something reached through the hazy light and grabbed his shoulders and pushed him back on his haunches. He was breathing as heavily as Reg had been. His eyes were adjusting to the brightness, and what he saw, even in his addled state, made him do a double-take.

What seemed to be a woman was standing before him, which at first sight appeared to be plant-like in nature. It had skin the color of bright green chlorophyll, a pussy that appeared to have fine moss-like fibers covering it instead of hair, and long, violet hair that had flower petals intertwined throughout its length. The face was soft and feminine and it's bright yellow eyes appeared to hold no enmity but instead tender sweetness. The creature was completely naked, and despite these odd qualities, she was otherwise quite ravishing as his boner continued to poke at his flightsuit.

Noting his discomfort she kneeled down before him and now he had a much better view of her huge breasts and he vaguely noted that the nipples seemed to be lactating something that smelled sweet and syrupy. She stroked his face gently with one hand and then used the other to examine and massage his bald head, and for whatever reason this seemed to galvanize his erection even further.

He roared as his hormones were battling it out with his brain over what he should do. His dick was painfully hard to the point where he was about to cry, and seeming to note his suffering, the woman grinned at him as her hands found their way to his flight suit's zipper and began pulling down. Renfro put his hands over hers to stop it, but she locked her eyes with his, and his arms seemed to turn to rubber and went limp to his sides as she finished unzipping his flight suit down to the groin, and then suddenly yanked at the sides to pull his arms out of it and then pulled the suit down to his knees. His briefs were not allowing his genitals to roam free, and she remedied that by casually ripping them off with no discernible effort required on her part, leaving his nine-inch dick to sprout free and proud before her.

She looked down hungrily at his cock, and licked her lips, before finally bending forward and opening her mouth around it. He wasn't sure what to expect from this creature. What he did NOT expect was one of the most amazing blowjobs he had ever received in his life. The mouth didn't seem any different from any other woman, but instead of saliva there appeared to be some kind of nectar-like sap that was lubricating his cock and balls, and it seemed to enhance the sensation greatly. His eyes went wide as she took the entire length of his shaft down to his hairy base with ease and her head seemed to glide back and forth like she had done this a million times before. She looked up at him while she did it and maintained eye contact, and she seemed to smile around his cock as she sucked it. Suddenly his arms found their strength again and he buried his hands in her hair, and her eyes lit up in excitement as he began guiding her mouth up and down his cock forcefully instead. His legs then found their strength and he stood up before her and held her head fast while he jackhammered his groin into her face, his balls were heavy and slapped against her chin and neck as he face fucked her.

He was amazed he hadn't cum yet, and before long the woman shoved Renfro off his feet and onto his back on the grass and finished pulling his flight suit off while he took his tank top off to leave him completely naked like her. She straddled over his cock and dropped her pussy onto it. It was surprisingly hot and tight, and seemed to squeeze and massage his dick as she began riding him cowgirl style. He panted and cried out in ecstasy as she began fucking his brains out. He reached up and squeezed her nipples hard and she yelped out before leaning down and kissing Renfro on the mouth. They locked tongues and panted together before he finally roared out as he had the most incredible orgasm in his life, erupting what seemed to be an impossible amount of spunk inside of her pussy.

Finally spent, and with his erection waning, he laid back panting hard while she kissed him softly on the cheeks and neck and chest. He was dimly aware that he could still hear Valerie and Reg fucking behind the rocks. He could hear other voices, too, but he was too exhausted to try and look. The plant woman peered into his eyes, and gave him a mischievous look, and Renfro had a moment of clarity: "I'm not letting on my ship."

The woman laughed at him and grabbed firm onto his balls while licking the bridge of his nose. "We don't want your SHIP, Human. We want YOU."

----

"What the fuck is taking them so long?" Ortiz said trying hard not to pace around the cargo bay.

"Calm the hell down, man, it's only been twenty minutes." Jennings said.

"They should have been back by now." Ortiz replied.

"Everybody just relax," Mara said, trying to keep her own nerves under control, never mind Ortiz. "They'll be back soon and we'll get the hell off of this rock."

"Everything will be just fine." Brenner said while sneaking shots of whiskey with Jennings when the other two weren't looking.

All of a sudden the intercom cut in from outside, startling Mara. It was the Captain. "Hey, can you hear me?"

"Holy shit, Captain," Mara said with a bit more relief than she should have, "are you alright?"

"Yeah, everything's great. I need your all's help out here. Me and Reg found the woman and a few others that we need to bring aboard, can you come out here and help us?"

Ortiz breathed a sigh of relief while Brenner and Jennings both chugged the bottle while the other two were distracted.

"Yeah, no sweat, Captain," Mara said, "we'll be right out."

The four of them stacked up five stretchers and then opened the personnel access ramp and stepped outside.

Almost instantly Mara realized something was wrong as they marched out into the open. The sun was over the treeline now but the field seemed to be darkened by some heavy dust which was accentuating the effects the grass was having with the sunlight, making everything look surreal. Even weirder the Captain and the others were no where in sight.

"Over here!" It was Reg. They saw him waving his hand over the rocks near the ship beckoning them over. They began marching towards the rocks, despite Mara feeling a churning in her stomach. Something didn't seem right. Yet for some reason she couldn't find it in her to protest as they made their way over to the rocks. By the time they had arrived, she knew something was VERY wrong.

"Holy shit, senorita, I don't feel right." Ortiz said as he fell to his knees. Behind her she heard Jennings and Brenner laughing and looked to see that they were kissing each other while one of them held a bottle of liquor in their hands.

"Stow that shit!" Mara yelled out, surprising herself with an assertiveness she usually didn't show despite her rank. It shocked the two of them to attention, and seeing Ortiz, they helped him up while she drug the stretchers over to the other side of the rock herself. When they got there the stretchers fell out of her hands while her mouth dropped open at the sight before them.

Reg was stark naked and busy grinding out the backside of a voluptuous black woman against the rocks while the Captain was busy fucking what appeared to be an alien plant woman doggystyle on the grass.
