 The distraught farmer hurried told his awful tale to Lady Gwyneth d’Lambert, paladin of the Holy Church of Alastriel and her less illustrious companion, the goblin Cockweasel. Gwyneth had rescued Cockweasel from his tormenting mistress, the vile sorceress Valeria the Black, and the two had escaped on horseback to the village of Crompton.

It was here in Crompton, in the Tavern of the Laughing Dog, that the farmer had approached them for help.

“The ogre’s stole into my farm less than an hour ago,” he explained. “I tried to stop them but they threw me into the wall and I passed out, they did the same to my wife. When we woke up everything was broken and strewn about and my daughter was gone!”

“How old was your daughter?” Gwyneth asked him.

“Only eighteen! I shudder to think what they have done with her,” the man started weeping again, breaking down in front of them.

Gwyneth stood up and placed a hand comfortingly on the man’s shoulder. “Take us to your house, we’ll pick up their trail and rescue your daughter!” she promised him.

“There’s that ‘we’ word again,” Cockweasel murmured, but neither of them paid him any heed. The goblin found himself dragged behind Gwyneth as they hurried followed the man back to his house.

When they reached the small farmhouse they saw the man’s wife sitting just outside the door, weeping for her lost daughter. She was an attractive red haired woman with a plump, but well curved figure. She also looked quite young, especially as she had an eighteen-year-old daughter.

“You come to rescue Grace?” the woman asked, her eye’s pleading. Cockweasel couldn’t help but notice the woman’s curvy bosom heaving as she choked back the tears.

“We do,” Gwyneth assured her. The lovely paladin was once again dressed her in steel armor, ready to do battle with the evil ogres. Cockweasel had given up complaining about the word ‘we’. The blonde knight started to walk around the outside of the house, looking for any sign that would indicate which way the ogres went. “Spread out and see if you can see a trail,” she instructed the others.

Cockweasel sighed loudly.

“What is it Cockweasel?” Gwyneth asked him with a frown.

“I can smell them,” replied the goblin, kicking himself. Why was he always getting himself into trouble?

“Smell them?” the paladin asked in surprise.

“Yes, ogre’s stink like you wouldn’t believe,” Cockweasel said, which was quite a statement coming from the grubby little goblin. “And goblin’s have a great sense of smell. I can lead you to them.”

Gwyneth smiled, almost proudly at the goblin. “Excellent. Let’s go!”

Cockweasel sighed again. An ogre!? He couldn’t believe he was actually chasing an ogre. Usually he would be running as fast as he could go in the opposite direction!

They set off, leaving the farmer and his wife at the house so as not to endanger them. Cockweasel had suggested perhaps he shouldn’t be endangered as well, but Gwyneth had ignored him. They made good time, Cockweasel’s sensitive nose making tracking the ogre easy and within an hour they had reached the beast’s lair.

The ogre had made his den in a large cave on a cliff face several miles north of Crompton. By the time they reached the cave mouth it was pitch black, close to midnight. Gwyneth had taken a lantern from the farmer to light their way, although Cockweasel could see quite well in the dark even without this.

“You might need this,” Gwyneth said, handing Cockweasel a long, wide-bladed dagger that was almost like a shortsword to the tiny goblin.

Cockweasel swallowed nervously as he took the blade, Lady Gwyneth drew her own vicious looking longsword.

Gwyneth led the way into the cave, holding the lantern aloft with one hand and her sword at the ready in the other. Cockweasel followed behind her, his heart pumping at a hundred miles and hour, he gripped the dagger in his sweaty hand, but at the first sign of trouble he was ready to bolt. 

The cave was quite high, towering well over even Gwyneth’s head and they gingerly entered, weapons at the ready. Inside it was rather damp, but surprisingly warm. The walls and roof were rough and jagged but the ground relatively smooth.

“Not a sound,” Gwyneth whispered as they made their way inside. Cockweasel nodded mutely and tightened his grip on his sword. How was it he kept getting himself into these predicaments?

The pair traveled about fifty meters inside the cave, passing a few signs of its inhabitants. When Cockweasel saw a large, rotting animal carcass he almost turned a fled the cave.

A little further inside they reached a point where the cave split in two directions.

“We split up,” Gwyneth whispered, “you go left, I’ll take the right.”

Cockweasel nodded. Was she crazy? Split up?

“If you find the ogre shout out,” she added.

Oh right, and get his attention? Just what Cockweasel wanted. “Okay,” was all he replied.

Gwyneth reached out and gripped his shoulder. “You’re very brave for a goblin.”

“Thanks,” Cockweasel squeaked as Gwyneth headed off down the right side of the cave, holding her lantern high.

Cockweasel paused for a moment as she disappeared, letting his eye’s adjust to the darkness. For a moment he briefly considered fleeing the cave, but decided he didn’t want to let Gwyneth down. Swallowing his fear he headed down the left hand branch of the ogre’s cave. Besides, the ogre’s scent was stronger down the right hand side so what did he have to lose?

The goblin slowly made his way through the cave, knee’s shaking with each step. About thirty meters down the tunnel it opened into a larger cavern. Cockweasel couldn’t smell the ogre’s scent so he warily entered and peered around.

Sure enough the monster was not inside. But in the center of the cavern, on a large stone slab a young human woman was tied up and gagged. Cockweasel hurried closer, it had to be the farmer’s daughter. Her wrists and ankles were strapped to the stone table by rope and she was gagged with a strip torn from her shredded dress. Cockweasel’s eye’s widened slightly as he saw the teenager’s sexy body, left mostly bare by her ruined dress, struggling against her bonds. In the darkness she could not see the goblin, but with his night vision, Cockweasel’s gaze could feast upon her.

The goblin approached the table and carefully reached out, placing his hand on the woman’s firm young thigh. She gasped, taking a sharp intake of breath at his touch. Cockweasel felt a stirring in his loins as he slid his hand higher up her creamy thigh, giving her leg a gentle squeeze.

He snatched his hand back away from the farmer’s daughter’s thigh as a loud crash echoed through the cavern. Cockweasel guessed that Lady Gwyneth had found the ogre.

Licking his lips, the horny little goblin climbed up onto the edge of the large stone slab, kneeling beside the farmer’s daughter. With the battle raging in the opposite tunnel he knew he didn’t have much time. Either Gwyneth or the ogre would soon come down this passage to check on the girl.

Cockweasel straddled the girl’s thigh, causing her to gasp again. Her head turned around blindly as if peering into the darkness to see who was assaulting her. Cockweasel gave a low moan as he ran both his hands up her smooth thigh, grinding his crotch into her leg at the same time. He ran his hands up further to the teenager’s firm young breasts, cupping them through her torn dress. The were smaller than both Valeria’s and Gwyneth’s, but the firm mounds still more than filled Cockweasel’s little hands. The goblin groaned slightly as he gave the young woman’s breasts a good squeeze and she moaned softly through her gag.

There was another crash and the sound of steel clashing from down the other cave. Cockweasel ground his crotch against the farmers daughter’s thigh, his cock fully erect and poking against his red pants. He humped her warm leg as he leant down and licked her ample right breast through the material of her dress. The girl struggled a little against her bonds as Cockweasel moved between her spread thighs.

He reached down to his crotch and fumbled a bit with the awkward lacings on the puffy red pants that Gwyneth had got him. The goblin finally freed his throbbing, erect penis and pushed aside the ripped material of the young woman’s dress. With a lustful grunt Cockweasel shoved his hard cock up into the farmers daughter’s pussy. The girl let out a squeal through her gag as Cockweasel dropped his weight onto her and started to thrust up into her cunt.

Supporting himself on one elbow as he heaved himself against her crotch, his other hand slipped up to grab at her tits while he fucked her. Cockweasel moaned in pleasure as her tight teenage cunt clutched around his thrusting cock. The girl felt even better than the succubus had. His little hips started to rapidly pump against her, the goblins hard cock pistoning rapidly in and out of her, his grimy balls slapping her with each thrust. Cockweasel was huffing and puffing as he fucked the young human, his hand desperately kneading at her round breast as he got closer and closer to cumming.

With a final grunt the goblin shoved his cock deep into the girls pussy, his sticky green cum surging from the tip of his shaft and filling her. Cockweasel’s hand clamped painfully onto her breast causing her to squeal again as he exploded. His hips jerked and his whole body tensed as he unloaded his seed within her. The girl’s cunt seemed to clasp around his pulsing shaft, almost milking the sperm from him.

As Cockweasel withdrew his cock from the young woman’s clutching vagina he heard the sound of footsteps coming closer and closer. The victor of the battle between the ogre and the knight was obviously heading his way. Cockweasel quickly wiped his sticky cock on the girl’s dress, leaving a green stain. He then hurriedly climbed off the stone slab and laced his pants back up.

“Cockweasel?” it was Lady Gwyneth’s voice calling to him as a light appeared at the far end of the cavern.

Cockweasel glanced over to the girl who was still straining against her bonds and then immediately ran over in the direction that Gwyneth was coming from.

“Did you see it?” he demanded, thinking quickly as he approached the paladin.

“The ogre? I killed it,” she grimly told him.

“No, did you see the orc?” Cockweasel asked.

“Orc?” she said in surprise.

“Yes the orc!” Cockweasel quickly told her. “When I entered this cavern there was an orc raping the girl. I chased him off, he ran back towards the entrance. I thought you might have run into him on your way here?”

Gwyneth shook her head. “Raping her? The vile creature must have gotten away.”

“Shit!” swore Cockweasel. He then led Gwyneth back towards where the girl lay tied to the stone slab and the two of them untied her.

“Oh thank God you’re here!” the girl said, gratefully embracing the armored form of Lady Gwyneth. “He raped me!”

“It’s okay, we’re here to save you Grace,” Gwyneth said assuringly, she patted the girl on the back.

“I chased the orc away,” Cockweasel told the girl, trying not to look guilty. It wasn’t his fault she looked so damn sexy in that ripped dress, he told himself.

“An orc?” the girl shuddered.

“Let’s get out of here,” Gwyneth said, changing the subject and helping Grace down off the stone slab. “We’ll get you back to your parents.”

“Thank you so much,” Grace said. She turned to Cockweasel, “and thank you for chasing off that horrible monster that was raping me.”

“Anytime,” Cockweasel said with a shrug as they hurriedly headed out of the ogre’s cave.

The three of them quickly made their way back to the farmer’s house where eighteen-year-old Grace was warmly greeted by her parents.

“Thank you Lady Knight,” the farmer said sincerely to Gwyneth. “And to you goblin.”

“It was our duty,” Gwyneth said with a humble bowing of her head.

“Please, you must come in for some warm food,” said the farmer’s wife, ushering them inside their house. “It’s the least we can do.”

They hadn’t had a chance to eat the stew at the Tavern earlier on so Gwyneth and Cockweasel gratefully accepted the meal. Young Grace immediately went to her room to sleep whilst the farmer and his wife fed the heroic pair, showering them with praise ‘till even Cockweasel was blushing. The food was actually wonderful, the farmer’s wife was an excellent cook and both adventurers found they were both famished.

Cockweasel let out a noisy belch and sat back in his chair, he couldn’t eat another bite. Gwyneth had already ate her full and was now quietly sipping at a glass of wine while the farmer thanked them all over again for rescuing his daughter. Cockweasel could see how this hero stuff had certain positive points after all.

“I need to piss,” Cockweasel said bluntly, standing up.

Gwyneth blushed and frowned at him. Cockweasel shot her a yellow-toothed grin and stepped out the back door of the house.

The goblin headed over to a small group of bushes and unlaced his pants, pulling out his filthy cock. As the stream of his urine splashed onto the bush he let out a deep sigh of satisfaction. It had been quite a night, that’s for sure.

Cockweasel was shaking off the last few drops when he heard a sound behind him. He turned around, his cock still in one hand to see the farmer’s wife standing just outside the back door.

“My daughter told me you chased off the orc that was raping her,” the buxom woman told Cockweasel, her voice showing considerable gratitude.

Cockweasel nodded apprehensively, neither of them seemed to notice the fact he was still holding his penis in one hand a drop of piss falling to the dirt in front of him.

“We are forever in your debt,” the woman said gratefully, stepping forward so she was right in front of Cockweasel. “If there is anything I can do for you it would be my honor. I can’t think of anything I wouldn’t do to repay you.”

Cockweasel swallowed nervously and shook his penis, almost subconsciously. The movement drew the farmers wife’s gaze down and she saw the goblin’s exposed penis for the first time. A look of revulsion briefly flickered across her face, and then her jaw seemed to steel.

“Very well,” the woman said with a stern nod. She dropped to her knees in front of the stunned goblin, leaning forward on her hands so that her head was at Cockweasel’s crotch height.

Cockweasel’s eyes bugged out as he saw what she was about to do. He stood in stunned silence as the buxom woman reached out with one soft hand and took hold of his soft cock. She leant down and opened her mouth, placing his grubby cock on her hot tongue and sucking it into her mouth. The woman winced slightly as the horrible taste of Cockweasel’s filthy green cock hit her taste buds and she almost gagged. Cockweasel could hardly believe that this human woman had taken his cock, still dripping with piss into her welcoming mouth.

“Oh my,” he whispered as she sucked on the limp organ, bathing him in heat. As wonderful as his cock had felt inside Valeria’s mouth, to receive a real blowjob from a conscious woman actively sucking on him, was a whole different story. He gave a small whimper as his cock stirred to life under the dutiful ministrations of the farmer’s wife.

The woman sucking heavily on his grubby cock, swiping her tongue all around him as the initial foul taste started to disappear. She sucked his squishy deeply into her mouth as he slowly started to harden, her nose pressing right in against his belly. Cockweasel groaned as she rubbed her face in his sweaty crotch, this was almost too good to be true, he should save young girls more often.

“Oh wow!” gasped Cockweasel as the woman’s gentle hands started to toy with his dangling balls his cock growing rapidly inside her sucking mouth. She began to bob her head over his lap and Cockweasel’s hip started to pump against her movements, almost of their own accord. “That’s it!” he gasped lustfully, his cock now fully erect and filling the woman’s hot mouth.

This was the first time that a human woman had willingly given herself to Cockweasel and it felt fantastic, the small goblin felt important and powerful for the first time in his miserable life as the farmer’s wife sucked hungrily on his fat cock. With a groan of desire Cockweasel reached down and grabbed the back of the woman’s head, pulling her harder in against his crotch as he started to push his cock deeper inside her sucking mouth. Moaning happily the eager little goblin started fucking the obliging woman’s mouth, his balls slapping her chin as she did the best she could to breath around his thrusting shaft.

“Yeah, suck me you bitch!” he groaned, oblivious to the fact the woman’s husband was just inside the hut. Cockweasel tightened his grip on the woman’s hair and really went to town on her mouth, fucking it like it was her cunt. “That’s it!” he gasped again, ramming himself down her throat. The little goblin’s mind was spinning, this was great.

With a throaty grunt of pleasure Cockweasel exploded in her mouth, his knee’s sagging slightly as he pumped his slimy green cum into the farmers wife’s warm throat. She gagged slightly as the foul sperm shot over her tongue, but Cockweasel clutched her tightly to his crotch so she had no choice other than to drink down his seed.

“Oh fuck!” he gasped loudly, his buttocks clenching as he spent himself. Once he was finally done he drew out of her mouth, the farmers wife gasping for air as he wiped his sticky cock on her cheek.

“That was great, thank you!” Cockweasel said, it was his turn to be grateful.

“No, it was the least I could do after you saved Grace,” the woman said, spitting what she could of the goblins cum out onto the dirt.

Cockweasel grinned and headed back into the house, where Lady Gwyneth was already getting ready to depart.

“If we get back to the inn we should get a few hours rest before we have to depart,” the paladin told the satisfied looking goblin. Gwyneth frowned a moment, “Why are you looking so happy?”

Cockweasel shrugged. “I guess this hero business agrees with me, that’s all.”

Gwyneth gave him a slightly puzzled look, but didn’t say anything as she bid the farmer farewell and led Cockweasel back towards the Tavern of the Laughing Dog. The horny little goblin was so spent from fucking the farmer’s daughter and getting sucked off by the farmer’s wife that he didn’t even try to feel the lovely paladin up in her sleep that night.

They awoke shortly after dawn, Gwyneth had to almost drag the exhausted Cockweasel from his bed as they made to depart. This time they each had their own horse so the goblin’s busy hands were kept well clear from the paladin and she was able to wear her armor. Cockweasel had never ridden a horse before and the goblin seemed tiny on the back of the steed, but he clung on bravely and managed to keep up with Gwyneth’s warhorse.

The pair made good time, riding quickly across the plains and reaching the Forest of Dagindor just after mid-day. They paused at the outskirts of the forest for a quick meal before heading in.

“We should hopefully make it through to the other side of the Forest by nightfall,” Gwyneth told Cockweasel as they munched on some sandwiches they had gotten from the tavern. “And then it’s only half a day further till we reach Alastriel City.”

Cockweasel nodded, wondering silently what would happen to him once they reached Alastriel.

As they were finishing up their meal Cockweasel was surprised to see Gwyneth suddenly draw her sword, her whole body going suddenly alert. An instant later an arrow flew out of the forest, striking the dirt between Gwyneth and Cockweasel.

“Bandits!” the paladin barely had time to shout a warning to Gwyneth when they were set upon by about a dozen armed men. The bandit’s burst from the edge of the forest, armed with bows and swords and Cockweasel almost fainted in fright.
