 Reenah shielded her eyes from the reflection of the midday sun off the brilliant white sand. She counted at least ten triangular sails dotting the horizon of the turquoise water. They were definitely headed inland. The wind blowing as it was, she estimated that very little time remained before the first of the dhows would land. They were close enough now that she could see the men sailing them, not merchants but pirates by the looks of them. Her small squadron needed reinforcements and she had dispatched a runner, however, it would take days before help could arrive. She fidgeted with her shell necklace. The recruits under her command were inexperienced and young, none had ever faced real combat. She was herself barely twenty years of age and had never fought a man.

Her squadron had been traveling on foot performing a reconnaissance and training mission in the desert two days walk/run from the temple of Eros. All of the neophyte warriors were training to be archers. Princess Kira had chosen them for this task; it was an honor to be a temple defender. Although badly outnumbered, they would have to make a stand and repel these uninvited intruders. The temple must be protected at all costs. Perhaps these pirates could be convinced to leave without a fight. Reenah would go with Daphne and meet the intruders at the shore, and tell them to depart. She would position her novice archers, about thirty in number, some distance behind. Their arrows would be notched and ready. Reenah hoped that the sight of drawn bows would help convince these men that a quick departure was in their best interest.

Reenah had first seen the dhows while atop a high dune. The brightly colored lateens did not help her in identifying their land of origin. Few vessels were seen off this barren coast. There was nothing but dunes in this desolate place, no forest to hide. She knew the invaders could see easily them by now. The huge dunes behind them separated the beach from a vast desert. She reminded herself that her archer's arrows were coated with a neurotoxin from the skin of the small red frogs which inhabited the coastal marshes many kilometers to the south. Just a graze of an arrow would bring quick death to any man. Reenah aligned her archers two deep and spaced them ten meters apart. She instructed them to not shoot until her command. The archers were visibly nervous.

"Be strong! The goddess Aria will guide your arrows to their mark."

If the negotiations failed she would signal for a volley of arrows. The soft, powdery sands would slow the attackers and her archers would pick them off as they advanced. 

Reenah wore a pair of loose fitting harem pants composed of a diaphanous material which shimmered with iridescent hues. The pants were fastened above each hip by small pearl clasps. The waistband dipped low in front, barely concealing her feminine charms. The pants legs were slit lengthwise from the ankles to high on each hip. When she moved the fabric parted allowing a glimpse of silken white bikini panties against her bronzed skin. Reenah's fluted sleeve top, made of the same material as the pants, was tied in the front. A jewel studded belly chain and plenty of bare flesh separated the two garments. Some of the archers were adorned with hip cloths and were otherwise naked; others wore only skimpy bikini panties and tops. Reenah's shell necklace was unique. She had won it after defeating her rivals in the wrestling pits of Ogg.

Kral planned his attack. He had planned to sail undetected several miles north of the temple. From there, his raiders would hike south along the dunes at night and infiltrate the temple. Nubile acolytes would be captured and returned to the wealthy traders who financed his trip. They in turn would sell these young nymphs as sex slaves in the flesh markets. The traders had talked about the unsurpassed beauty of the women who lived in this temple. Kral would receive a bonus based on the number of captives he returned; the money would make him extremely wealthy. Kral had overheard whispers about the honeyed sex dew of the temple pussy. Every day, it was told, the acolytes would rub fragrant oils over their bodies and would finger and kiss each other in some sort of ritual worshipping their goddess. No men were permitted in the temple except those kept as breeding slaves. Refined by these rituals, the acolyte pussy dew would be bring immense pleasure to any man who tasted it, pleasure so intense it would turn even the strongest man into a slobbering addict.

Kral cursed at first when he spotted the archers on the beach. He was sure they would flee and spoil his surprise attack by alerting the temple. He couldn't believe the stupid girls had decided to stand and fight. The massive dune behind them had left no line of retreat. This was good fortune, made even better by what looked to be two foolish emissaries coming forward to meet them. Time to ready the ready the nets; there was fresh girl meat waiting to be taken.

Kral signaled a few of the dhows to break course and veer north. These men would flank the girls and cut them off if they tried to escape. Kral and the others would charge in a full frontal assault and overwhelm the hapless defenders. Their arrows would be useless unless striking a mortal area. The traders had provided an antidote for the frog poison to render it harmless.

Kral glanced over to the dhow on his right. Borak, his second in command, was concentrating intently on the soft ripe flesh on the shore. Like all the other pirates, Borak was oiled and naked, wearing only a helmet. He held a net in one hand. Kral's men would not use swords or axes. The prey was not to be harmed. The main concern was to prevent a large scale ravaging of the girls right on the beach. The supple young bodies seemingly begged for sex and Kral was sure would drive his men wild with lust.

Reenah started to have second thoughts as the dhows drew closer. These men were huge! What was their intent? Why were they naked except for helmets? She looked at her archers. They had also seen the hard, oiled muscles of the invaders and their faces began to show concern. Would her platoon hold together or would they flee? This would be their first real test, and Reenah was uncertain of their courage.

The first of the dhows arrived and the men jumped into the surf. Reenah waited anxiously as a small party headed by Kral and Borak waded through the shallow green water.

"You are not welcome here. You must leave"

Silence. A few awkward seconds passed. Daphne anxiously looked at Reenah and took a step back as if she would bolt. Reenah could not help but notice Kral's huge cock. She had never seen such a monster. It was semi-erect, and its bulbous, purplish head seemed to point at her. She tried to avert her gaze.

"Are you capable of hearing? I am ordering you to leave and sail back to whence you came. There is nothing for you here!"

More silence. The tanned raider with the chiseled, naked body just stood there grinning at her. What was he staring at? Reenah wished she was not revealing so much flesh. Her halter top was semi-transparent and did little to hide her small but proud breasts. 

Borak stood across from Daphne. He was a brute of a man, with broad shoulders and a frame that towered over her. Without warning, he stepped forward and ripped off Daphne's bikini top. The stunned girl yelped and slapped him across the face. He grabbed her arm and pulled her close. His free hand cupped an exposed breast.

Reenah had seen enough. Negotiations were over. She side stepped a lunge from Kral and sprinted back to the archers. Shouting an order, she dove for the sand as a volley of arrows whistled overhead. Twisting back for a quick glance, she saw that some had found their mark; a few of the raiders dropped with arrows in their chests and throats. Some others were hit the thighs or shoulders. Why didn't these men also drop? Reenah realized that the poison wasn't going to work as the men continued toward her archers. 

"Aim for their heart!"

Two more raiders fell. A few others were hit but kept on charging. The soft sand did little to slow them. Panic stricken, the archers shot wildly. Some of the girls dropped their bows and turned to run. Reenah desperately called for them to hold their position as the raiders were now only a few meters away. Despite being hit in the arm one raider barreled into an archer and sent her flying, upending a second girl in the process. A net engulfed another girl before she could loose an arrow. Two raiders charged hard at Reenah. She dispatched the nearest one with a perfect shot between the eyes. There was no time to notch an arrow for the second. She tried to jump out of his way but he clipped her feet and sent her sprawling. Before she could recover he grabbed her ankles and easily yanked her up off the ground. Suspended upside down she saw a huge bald headed monster swat the bow away from a young blond archer after she fired wildly. She turned and tried to run. Grabbing her from behind by the hips the bald man raised her over his head. Her tiny body was no match for the man's huge frame. She kicked and flailed her arms to no avail. Holding the terrified girl high in the air he ripped off her bikini panties. She screamed in terror. Her naked cunt was mercilessly impaled from behind on his massive erection. She wriggled to get free but her pussy was speared on his manhood, her feet dangling above the ground.

The battle was over in a few short minutes. Terrified girls were netted and bound; none had escaped. A few were tied to poles and carried to the boats between two pirates. Kral stopped a raider with an unconscious beauty thrown over his shoulder. He ran his hand over her shapely ass. 

"Take her to the boats." 

"We have caught the leader. Do you want her brought to you?"

"Yes, bring her." 

The raider carrying Reenah by the ankles unceremoniously dumped her before Kral. As she lay sprawled in the sand, three more captives were brought forward with their hands bound behind their backs. Kral grabbed Reenah by the arm and roughly pulled her up. 

"Take your hands off her, you pig!"

Kral laughed. Kayla, a petulant nineteen year old with a lithe body glared at him in defiance. It was time to show this whore who was the vanquished. 

"Strip them", he ordered "Slowly" 

Borak walked behind the blonde girl to Kayla's right and unclasped her top. The garment dropped to the ground. Ample, ripe breasts with pink nipples were liberated for view.

Borak next stepped behind Kayla. Her chestnut colored eyes flashed in anger in anger as she glared at Kral. Long brunette hair cascaded to her shoulders. A sliver of creamy thigh was visible through the gap in the side of her harem pants. Kral could not wait to see what bulged against her halter top. Borak untied the halter's string. The top did not fall.

"Wait"

Kral stepped toward the girl. A whiff of sandalwood perfume graced his nostrils, arousing him. He reached forward and placing an index finger between her mounds gently lifted off her top. Proud cantelope sized breasts tipped with small brown nipples pointed upward and out. What a price she will bring! Her succulent orbs alone were a sight to behold. Even Borak stood gaping at her. Kral motioned him to continue. He removed the top of the third girl. Naked from the waist up, the three girls looked at Kral apprehensively. 

"Let's see more of them"

Borak continued the disrobing. Using a knife he cut the waistband of Kayla's harem pants. The pants soon fell leaving her standing before Kral in only thong panties. Her cuntlips were evident against the fabric. 

"Enough!" 

Kral grinned at Kayla. She no longer seemed so confident. 

"On your knees, slaves"

The three girls submissively kneeled before him. Dragging Reenah along, Kral stood in front of Kayla. His engorged cock swayed inches from her face. Kayla's eyes widened. Her lower lip began to tremble.

Kral placed Reenah's hand on his cock shaft. She hesitated and then understood. Very slowly, she began pumping his cock. A bead of precum oozed from the mushroom shaped head. Reenah paused and moved her fingertips to heft his swollen testicles. They held a full load. Reenah looked at Kayla. The frightened girl swallowed.

"Please no."

Reenah resumed massaging Kral's shaft. Slippery white slime coated the mushroom head. She pumped faster.

The first glop of warm jism hit Kayla's left eyebrow and cheek. Another milky blob landed in her hair and still another her lower lip. With her hands tied behind her, she was unable to wipe it off. The huge glob of slime on her lip slowly seeped down her chin and dripped onto her chest. When would it stop? The convulsing monster splattered her face with a seemingly never ending load of warm goo.

The dhow cut through surface of the water. Kral was content. The raid had been a complete success even without finding the temple. Every boat was full of girl meat, all of extraordinary quality. There might even be a riot among the traders! As for the temple, well, there would be plenty of reasons why the captives would want to provide information.

Kral aimlessly gazed at the billowing white clouds in a brilliant blue sky. He thought of Reenah who was tied to the mast. Her hands were bound high above her head. Stripped down to her panties, her naked back was pressed against the wood. Her legs were spread with her feet chained to the deck. Auburn hair drifted across her face from the ocean breeze. It was time to pay her a visit. Taking a goblet full of water he walked around to the front of the mast and faced her. He held the goblet up to her lips; she greedily took several gulps. Kral stepped back and admired her sensuous body clad only in those skimpy silk panties. He tossed the remainder of the water on her panties, soaking them to her skin. 

Reenah gasped as the cold water splashed against her. He must have other plans than just giving her a drink. Her thoughts were confirmed when she saw Kral's insatiable cock began to rise again. Could this monster which had spewed its huge load on Kayla already have recovered? This time she would be its target. She instinctively tried to close her legs but the ankle chains held. Goosebumps rose on her flesh.

Kral craved girl juice. He remembered the stories, told by the traders, of the succulent pussy of the temple maidens. Could the stories be true? What was it about the soft flesh of the temple? Was it refined by the fragrant oils? He did not know or really care. He knew only that he would sample this exquisite f dew. His mouth salivated as he saw the outline of Reenah's pussy lips against her soaked panties. Would the pleasure cause him to lose his sanity? He would coax the precious ambrosia from her trembling pussy. He stepped close to her.

"You won't be needing those anymore" 

Kral cut through Reenah's panties with his knife. The delicate white silk garment fell to the deck. He gazed at her tight, smooth sex lips. Her pussy was smooth and clean shaven; Kral was pleased. He kneeled down and began to kiss and lick her stomach. Reenah moaned. He ran the tip of his tongue down to her mons, tasting the salt spray on her skin. Reenah's slit began to moisten. Her defenseless cunt lips parted ever so slightly. Kral stood up. She looked at him with pleading eyes. He leaned toward her and kissed her, passionately. Her tongue sought its way into his mouth. He stepped back and looked at her. She strained against the bonds. A droplet of sex dew hung between the petals of her pussy, sparkling like a diamond in the sun.