 Part 4 - Homecoming

Emily strolled through the streets of town casually, the warm sun baking her chest and body. The reason she listed her chest specifically separate from the rest of her body was because she had about every button of her not really existent uniform open, showing her red velvet bra that also was not really there and her incredibly large bosom which, as far as she was concerned, was very, very much there.

Emily was happy. She was, in fact, ecstatic. For the first time in a long long while she was free. Free to stroll in the sun and warm her glorious tits. Free to go where she liked, do what she liked. Emily had no appointments at gyms or libraries or classes to go to, nor any house to occupy nor any partners to maintain. She didn't need to eat or sleep, or at least not as much as she used to. She was free.

And more than that, she had power. Inhuman power. Power over others, control. She had regeneration and immortality, and shape changing. She was damn well dangerous. 

At thinking about her freedoms, however, one such point did in fact sadden her slightly. Her girlfriend, Courtney, was still home. 

Partner of 18 months, Courtney would be worried about her. Emily, a proud but not loud lesbian, had met partner Courtney at night school where she was learning advanced physics. With black wavy flowing hair, a strong body and modest curves, Courtney had looked the absolute innocent fuckgirl. 

With a loose black and white singlet on, white bra blatantly showing and tight dark jeans with pink and black socks over the long legs of her pants, she was cute, schoolgirl-ish and sexy. Emily, in contrast, had sensible white pants, a collared shirt and - though only she would know - no bra. Emily's then short hair was up in a sensible pony tail while Courtney's black river flowed freely around her shoulders. 

Even in the way emily sat - back straight, table organised, shoes on feet - she exuded academic professionalism. Courtney had no equipment, sat back in her seat, and had no sign of shoes anywhere, on feet or elsewhere. 

As she entered, Courtney made for the teacher's desk where mugs of pens and pencils were sitting. Grabbing two, she found the seat next to Emily casually and slumped into it. Without looking away from Emily since she had seem her, Courtney leaned over a bit and whispered,

'one for later. I always nick one for myself, since I practically paid for 'em anyway.' As she slid one pen behind her bra strap. 

Transfixed, Emily watched the girl, chewing something that smelled distinctly sexy, although that might just have been Emily, hid the pen away. Looking back to the, girl she spoke.

'The name's Courtney, but you can call me Courts. Or bitch. Or even babe. Your pick.' Courtney said, smiling and winking. 

As she cracked a smile back, still not breaking her gaze, Emily noted how deep and intelligent the dark haired girl's eyes seemed. 

After the class the pair returned to Courtney's room where Courtney seemed too comfortable to strip back to her underwear almost immediately. 

After staring at her cleavage for the fifth time Emily asked the doozy. 

'Are you gay?'

'Sorry?' Courts said, smiling. 

'Gay. Are you homosexual? Do you feel sexually attracted to women?' Emily asked, intrigued rather than repelled. 

In answer, Courtney, after a frozen moment, leaned in and kissed Emily right on the lips. Her fingers lightly stroked Emily's chin as she did so, brushing her jaw. 

After what seemed like a few millennia, they parted, Courtney with the biggest cheesy grin on her face. Emily made to respond but as she saw Courtney grinning, her cute cheeks puckered with two tiny little dimples and her white teeth shining as her chest lightly bounced with suppressed giggles, Emily broke into a grin of her own which was followed by giggles from them both. Emily did not resist a look at the other girl's boobs this time and they giggled some more. 

Soon after, the girls made out some more, first innocent pecks but quickly becoming open mouthed pashing as hands began to roam. Before long Emily's top was undone and a second person knew she had no bra on. Courtney only liked this more and cleaned them with her smooth tongue and soft lips before her hand accidentally slid between Emily's legs and Courtney began pressing and flicking at Emily's clit. Like her clit was a switch Emily was turned on and immediately their kisses became passionate. 

Emily did not go home that night, but had to get up the next day for her classes. Leaving Courtney in bed, her sexy body and cuteness wrapped in the soft sheets, Emily went to work wearing no bra and another girl's panties. She felt dirty and hot all day knowing Courtney's juices were pressed against her nether all day and couldn't wait to taste them again that night. 

A week later Courts was living with Emily and together they paid off their rents and found a place together. They settled, doing classes together, gym runs. Emily couldn't help but stare, seeing her partner's sexy body, the way her chest bounced when she ran, the way her strong legs and arms did daily tasks, the cute way her hair bobbed whenever she moved. 

Emily was in love, and Courtney was too. 

Such romance was destined only for fairytales, and one day, on the day after their 18th month had passed, Emily fell from a tree as she tried to help out a little boy. 

A week had passed since then and Emily, new and improved Emily 2.0, was coming home. 

She just hoped Courts liked her new form... 

Courtney was asleep when there was a knock at the door. Rousing she blearily looked around, noticing with some slight annoyance that there was sun shining through the window, and her underwear was still on the bed. 

Standing up slowly, idly watching as her boobs flopped into position, Courtney scratched herself. Another knock came and she remembered why she was up. Struggling to pull pants on, she ditched the damn things and grabbed a shirt. 

Only just managing to have it buttoned up enough to be of any use to her, Courtney opened the door and did a double take. Her girlfriend was standing in front of her, looking healthy, clean and somewhat considerably more curvaceous than before. Without thinking, she gasped and put a hand to her mouth, the same hand that was holding the shirt down so her ladyhood wasn't revealed to the world.

Emily, unfazed at both her girlfriends' reaction and her appearance, Emily smiled and held out her arms.

'Ta daa! I'm home, baby!'

Courtney couldn't help herself. Starting to cry, she fell into Emily's very sizeable cleavage. Emily held her, stroking her girlfriend's messy hair.

Sniffing, Emily's enhanced sense of smell picked up a few things. She smelled sweat, dirt. Courtney hadn't showered last night. She also smelled the strong musk of arousal, and above that, a touch of alcohol.

Holding her girlfriend at arm's length and looking at her, Emily asked. 'Have you been drinking? I thought we stopped that?' Emily said, slightly worried. 

'It was only a bit, the last of the bottle we were saving...' Courtney sniffed, pulling the shirt around her again, suddenly cold.

Emily was a little concerned at how backward her girlfriend had gone but was not concerned. Letting herself in she held her near naked partner close as she walked them back to the couch. 

As she sat Courts down, Emily gently waved her finger under her Partner's nose, releasing a very weak scent of her Essence into the girl. Courts slowly began to perk up as Emily's ethereal being reinvigorated her cells. 

Emily made drinks, adding a tiny drop of her essence to Courtney's, and returned to the couch. By now, Courts was awake and receptive and thanked Emily with a warm kiss and a little ass rub as she sat down. 

'I'm so glad you're back! I was worried sick. I thought you wouldn't make it...' Courts said, sipping the drink. It tasted surprisingly good to her, and only slightly arousing... If arousal could be tasted, that is. 

'Courts, something amazing happened, baby...' Emily began, for the first time since her rebirth, loosing words. Courtney looked at her with her big cute eyes and raised her eyebrows. 'Other than my baby girl got healed and came home? Why are you here like this, by the way? Why didn't they call? Why not take you home or something?' She asked, sipping more. 

'Courts, babe... There's something really strange at the hospital. You might not believe me...' Emily said, feeling her inhuman core pulsing and for the first time wondering if she was doing the right thing. 

'What, you mean you?' Her partner joked, slapping Emily's knee lightly as her other hand continued to feed her her mug without her actually realising. 

This damn stuff tasted like virgin pussy, she thought with a little giggle to herself. 

'Ok. First, let me show you. Be ready... You're going to loose your mind.' Emily said. 

Then she stood up, closed her eyes, and did it. 

Courtney nearly dropped her mug as she watched her girlfriend's clothes simply melt into her body and her skin took on a purple glow. She watched as Emily's fingers deformed and reformed, as little bits flew like sideways raindrops from one hand to another. She watched as ripples ran down her partner's impossibly busty frame, as though something inside was trying to push out. 

Courtney felt dizzy, her mind overloading with questions, fears and insecurities. Indeed, the only thing that kept her sane was Emily's broad grin. 

For Emily's part, she could vaguely sense her partner's emotions and tried to still them as best she could. Returning to her fully human form, clothes returned and she sat down. Courts just stared at her. Shock covered her face. 

Emily took her partner's silence, and, knowing there would be mo better time, told her partner everything. 

'So you're telling me... That an otherworldly being lives at the hospital... And it tried to fuck you... And make you have it's babies... But then you beat it, spent three days absorbing other people and then just strolled home?' Courtney exclaimed. 

'Well, more or less... Except my first body was absorbed by the creature, who needed my uniqueness to reawaken himself, so at the last second I sent my mind into another host and here I am!' Emily beamed, cupping her boobs to show. 

Courtney was stunned. She was shocked. And most of all, she wasn't sure she knew the big breasted sexy woman before her. Sensing something bad, Emily's grin drooped slightly. 

'Baby? What is it?' She said. 

'Who are you?' Courtney said. 'You're my girlfriend, and yet, you aren't... You've done things, things that are strange...' Courtney was loosing the plot right now. Emily had to change things. 

'Let me show you. Let me show you what it's like to be me!' Emily said, her bright hypnotic purple eyes glowing like endless tunnels of amethyst. 

'No!' Courtney said, backing off. 'No. Don't touch me!' She said, panic beginning to creep in. 

Emily held back, and focussed her core on her girlfriend. There was a tiny spark inside her, an awakening primal force was beginning to arise. Emily had to nurture it. 

'Ok, ok. I promise not to do anything to you. But Courts, babe, listen to me. Inside that hospital is a creature that intends to turn every last human into a hive of mindless drones. It wants our emotion, you see. It's emotion that powers us.. Them. We have to stop it, cut all it's ties to people. 

It's the only way to save everyone. Do you believe me?' She said, gently scooping her partner's hand up and holding it tight. 

'Do you?' She said, looking straight at her partner. After a moment of lip biting thought, Courtney looked back and met her gaze. She saw ourple, the purple of an ethereal being... But below that, she saw her friend, Emily. She saw the cute, intelligent blonde who wore impossibly smooth clothes and dressed formally but somehow wore no bra and got away with it. She saw the partner who made the best egg scramble with fruits and forgot how to butter toast. She saw the girlfriend who urged her to learn and exercise, and who constantly looked up to her, little Courtney, like a big sister. 

Emily was her friend, her lover and her lifelong mate. And the girl, the form before her was Emily. Courtney knew that much. 

Slowly, Courtney nodded, her nodding growing more confident as she grasped Emily's hand back and her tenseness relaxed. She felt safe again, and noticed the cool feeling of room air on her now notably damn pussy. 

Emily grinned, and gave Courts a passionate kiss. 

'Thank you baby. Thank you.'

'Just promise not to turn me into whatever you are, ok? I like being me just fine. Got me?' Courts said, wagging a finger. 

Emily smiled and stood them both up. 'I promise.' Then she swept the love of her life off her feet with one hand as the other began to probe between her legs and the girls eloped to the bedroom, shutting the door behind them. 

Part 2

'So we need to go back there, right?' Courts asked, leaning over the counter, her boobs hanging before her. Both girls were naked, chatting over the kitchen counter about their plan of attack. Far from worried, for the first time in ages Courtney felt like she was making a difference. 

Emily could feel her girlfriend's raw emotions fuelling her, her primal core burning with new energy. She knew her partner, without knowing it, was already much stronger than any human could be if she needed to be. She was so glad she had her partner's help in eliminating her creator. A tiny worry nagged her, a worry that they wouldn't be able to win without...

Courts reached over and poked Emily lightly in the left boob. 'So we go at night, when everyone's kinda sleeping, right? Hello, otherworldly boob woman?' Courts said, smiling. Emily was roused from her thoughts and returned to the present.

'Yes, right. While I was there I was incredibly sleepy and weak at night, when my body naturally put the people fuelling me to sleep. Without them, he'll be vulnerable.' 

'Right, and so we need to use our first night to lay explosives.' Courts said, looking over at the box of firework packing on the floor. 

'Right. He'll wake them up if he needs to. We have to sever their links so it'll take him time to recover, time enough to let me get at him.' Em said, that nagging starting again.

'So, stage one - we plant explosives. Stage two, we get you to him and you take him down. How exactly will you do that?' Courtney asked. 

'Well...' Emily said, freezing. 'I'll need to enter him... I need to overpower his mind. His being will always live on no matter how small the shards, bot not if his mind is gone.' 

'Wait, are you sure? Are you certain that's safe?' Courts said, genuinely concerned for her lover. 

'No, but it's the only way.' Emily looked down, idly flicking her nipple. 'Courts... There's one thing that's been nagging me...'

'What?' she asked, leaning forwards. Emily looked at her partner's boobs, slowly lifting her gaze to meet her eyes. Her partner was looking at her intently.

'I may not be enough... If he's stronger, if he's grown... I'll need you too.' She put her hand up to shyly scratch her arm.

'So? I'll be there for you the whole time.' Courts said, smiling and taking her hand. 

'No, I know you will, but... I meant... I might need you in there with me. I might need to merge with you. The two of us can defeat him.' Em said, looking down again.

Courtney let go of her hand, unsure. The one thing she didn't like was the idea of having her humanity taken from her. 

But, she wasn't about to abandon her girlfriend, so she retook her hand and spoke.

'Look, I don't know about that, but we'll take it as it comes. Besides, you need someone to plant the charges. Anyway, you're more than enough to defeat him, am I right?' Courts said, pumping her partner's hand. Emily smiled and agreed.

At least, she hoped she was right...

The girls spent a few days gathering the equipment they would need. Being innocent girls with little ties and background they had no access to guns or explosives, but they were able to find some old new year's firework powder, along with some crackers and one mailbox bomb. Working efficiently under Emily's enhanced stamina, they prepared parcel sized packages for each main ventilation duct leading from the basement. 

From Emily's reccolection, there were twelve primary shafts in level four, which meant there had to be twelve coming from the basement. The plan was to bomb each vent in level four, cutting off his access to the active part of the hospital for as long as possible. Emily knew his power, knew mere rocks were no match for a being who could leak like water through cracks, but she hoped the heat from the explosion plus the confined space would hold him long enough for her to enter him and overpower him.

Courtney, for her part liking the new action adventure movie they now seemed to star in, enjoyed running about the place, naked, building improvised explosives and preparing dark, stealthy clothing behind pulled curtains and secretive rooms. She embraced the good they were doing, and frankly, she loved the privacy and the fucking hot sex they had.

Despite her reservations Courts did admit that Emily's ability to grow a fully working penis was rather nifty, and, she admitted to herself with a hot flush, was incredibly fucking hot. Making love to Ems was amazing, furiously rubbing their lady lips together, all the incredibly sensational things two pussies could do together, but the feeling of having her slit filled with cock was a whole nother level of bliss she hadn't felt for a long time.

Emily, for her part, tucked her fears away and settled for slowly and gently slipping Courtney her watered down essence through these vigorous fucking sessions and in her meals. Enough to keep her primal fire burning and to allow Emily to feel her emotions, but not enough to begin a takeover that would break her trust and her promise.

Four days later, the girls were ready. On the floor of their kitchen sat three backpacks, each with three IEDs inside. Courtney would carry them inside and find a room Emily had prepared for her while Emily got in position.

With a grin and a kiss, the girls were done. Courts left to shower and dress, while Emily took the time to sit back, letting her core regenerate itself. As she relaxed, her body seemingly loosing it's sharp focus, purple energy emanating from her body, she realised she hadn't eaten much lately. Her human body was suffering. 

As she quietly reinvigorated, she never noticed Courtney come in, stare at her in wondrous confusion and eventually come over and sit on her lap. She stirred, returning to the present to see her partner's face before her.

'It's time, babe. C'mon.' She said, giving her a peck and standing. Emily took in Courtney's slim and sexy figure, wrapped in black tight pants, a singlet and jacket and hair tied up. She even had dark glasses on, making her look, in the barely lit room, barely visible.

Emily stood, took a breath and dressed, not in slim black tights, but in a patient's gown and slippers. She hid her boasting frame, shaping herself to fit the look of a well worn patient. Checking the time, they readied, grabbed the bags and left.

The hospital was a fair walk, so they set off a brisk pace, Emily carrying the bags easily with her superhuman strength. Within twenty minutes they arrived and took a rest around the back.

As Courtney drank some water, Emily explained. 'There should be an empty room just inside here with a wheelchair. If you steal in and grab it, I'll make sure no one sees you.' Courtney nodded, moving to the back door, shabbily lit with one ugly yellow light. 

'Okay, there's a nurse inside. She won't notice you. No one else. Go!' Emily said. Courtney opened the door, which was marked "Fire Exit - No Standing" and entered. Taking the first right she found a waiting room with a single nurse standing at the far wall. Moving quietly, Courtney stole up to the moveable seat, watching the uniformed woman, but she didn't turn. Grabbing the chair she ran back out, not looking back when she heard the nurse say something.
