 The house looked as it always did, thought Jesse as she walked in front of it. Quiet, dark, and somehow it filled her with dread. "Why did I get mentioned in a will?" She wondered aloud as she stopped in front of the gate. "I never even knew anyone lived here, much less anyone that would name me in a will and leave me this house."

"Me either."

Jumping and holding back a scream, Jesse turned to the voice that had answered her thought. "Oh goodness! I didn't know anyone was around, or I wouldn't have been talking out loud." She mumbled, as she realized who was standing there. It was Mark Standish. The guy who has haunted her dreams since junior high school, the only guy in the world to turn her into a stammering idiot.

"Its okay, I talk to myself all of the time. They say that its okay as long as you don't answer yourself." Smiling down at her, Mark continued. "I didn't mean to startle you. I am Mark Standish. I was mentioned in a will too."

"I know, uh I mean, I went to school with you, uh I mean...um." Blushing, Jesse started all over again. Of course he wouldn't remember her. "I am Jesse James."

"Jesse James? Like the outlaw?" Mark said with a raised brow, "Are you for real? I would remember a name like that."

"In school I used my whole name Jessica. You probably wouldn't remember me, I wasn't part of the "popular" crowd like you were." She answered. "Anyway, are you sure you don't know what's going on?"

"Nope not a clue. I just received a letter telling me to come here."

Jesse looked at Mark. She had seen him all over town. One girl after another, then it was one woman after another. Looking at his aura that flowed around him, as clear as day to her, and she took a quick breath. "Oh my..." she breathed. His aura called to her submissiveness. She could see that he had not used it. Had not yet recognized what was within himself. He probably did not know that he was a dom.

Looking at her like she was crazy, Mark asked, "What?" as he looked behind him. 

"Oh nothing. Um I thought that there was a um bee, flying near you. Sorry about that."

"Okay," he answered. Looking toward the house, he motioned toward it, "You ready to see what is going on?"

"Sure. Let's get this over with."

Opening the gate and walking through, Jesse noticed instantly that there wasn't any sound. No insects buzzing, no birds chirping, no kid sounds floating over the breeze. Getting a bit freaked out, she took a deep breath and walked toward the house.

Walking behind her, Mark was thinking that maybe he did remember this chick. She was the weird one that everyone talked about. It was said that she liked pain and was into the freaky stuff. "Thank goodness she isn't with me," he thought as he followed her really nice ass toward the house. Her shoulder length copper colored hair glowed in the last rays of the sun as it set behind them. She was very pretty in her own way. Her deep, dark brown eyes showed a lot of expression. Too bad the chick was a freak. He could do her if she wasn't.

Jesse stood in front of the door and pushed the doorbell. The ringing could be heard through the thick door. Glancing back at Mark, she could see he was looking at her ass. Rolling her eyes at this, she turned back around and looked closer at the door. It was massive. It was dark, almost black. Never had she seen a door made like this. As she looked, the door opened. Expecting to see someone in the doorway, Jesse pasted a smile on and waited.  And waited some more.

Mark looked at the tight ass some more until he realized that Jesse had rung the doorbell. Twice. The door opened and then nothing. Nobody answered the door. Confused, Mark asked Jesse, "Did you open the door?"

"No I didn't. It opened all by itself."

Snorting Mark answered, "Uh huh. Right. Anyway lets go see what is going on."

As soon as they both entered the house, the door slammed shut. Turning around, they both tried to open it, but it was locked up tight. Feeling panicked, Jesse turned to Mark. "What's going on here?" 

"I don't know. But I don't like it." Looking determined he said "Come on, let's see what's going on and then get the hell out of here."

Jesse, after trying the doorknob again, grabbed his hand and agreed. "Come on, let's go."

Glancing around the grand foyer, they could see that it led to a series of doors on the first floor and had a staircase leading to a second floor. Everything was dark and dusty. It was apparent that no one had been in here for a long time.

Moving toward the first doorway, they were stopped by the sound of rushing air and a fetid stench. Suddenly all of the doors slammed shut. Scared shitless, Jesse turned toward Mark, but one look at his face had her not saying a word. He was terrified. If he were as scared as she was, then he wouldn't know what was going on either. Not one for standing around doing nothing, she pulled on Mark's hand. "Come on, maybe there is something upstairs that can help us."

"Wha wha what?" Was all that came out of Mark's mouth as he blindly followed Jesse up the stairs.  Nothing in his life had prepared him for this. He didn't even believe in ghosts for fucks sake! Yet here he was in a freaky house with a freaky girl. Some Friday night this turned out to be.

As soon as they reached the second floor, more doors slammed shut. All but the one doorway at the end of the hall. After trying the first couple of shut doors, Jesse knew that they were being led to a certain room. Obviously, whatever was in this house had sent for the both of them for a reason.

"Well, lets go see what it wants, shall we?" Jesse asked. "I don't know about you, but not knowing what is going on is pissing the fuck out of me."

"Not knowing what was going on?" he repeated. "What the fuck is all this?" 

"I don't know. But whatever it is, it wants the two of us to go in that room."

"Then we don't go," he said with a mutter. "Why the hell should I?"

"What was that crackling?" Jesse asked, looking around. Looking up she saw the giant lighting fixture swaying above Mark.

"Move mark! Now!" she screamed.

Looking up, Mark saw the fixture and ran toward Jesse.

BAM! 

The fixture fell right where Mark had been standing.

Fanning away the dust, Jesse looked at Mark and he looked back at her.

"I guess I am going into that room after all." He said quietly.

Moving quickly, they went inside the only open room left. Inside the lights were on. The warmly glowing room was at odds with the dingy darkness that so far had been the norm in this house.

"Well," said Jesse as she looked around. "This is some room."

The room was a delight to behold, if she was to be honest. A huge metal framed bed dominated the room. A long table had been set up along one wall. On it was various sex toys and devices more commonly found in a bdsm store. The nipple clamps and cat o'nine tails caught her eyes. "Wow." She thought, not aloud this time, " I love these things."

Mark had been wandering around also as she checked out the sex toys. Those didn't interest him. He didn't need sex toys to satisfy a woman. He was man enough without them.

Looking out of the window, he saw that he could see the kids playing across the street. He couldn't hear them, but he could see them. Turning to look at Jesse to let her know this, he saw that there was something glowing around her. Almost as if she was on fire.

"What the hell is with you?" He asked not too gently. "Are you a fucking witch or something? Did you have something to do with all of this?"

Looking shocked, Jesse turned toward him. "I am not a "witch" as you so eloquently put it. I do believe in Gaia and the power she has over this planet and beyond. And no to answer your question, I didn't have anything to do with this. The dark forces that did this want something from you and I. " Dropping the clamp she still held in her hand, she looked him in the eyes. "We need to know why we were brought here."

"Okay, okay. Sorry for that crack. But how do we figure out what's going on?"

"Come on sit down here with me." She motioned for him to sit next to her on the floor. "I will meditate and see if I can feel anything out."

"Oh all right. But I guess they were all right about you being a freak."

Blinking back the tears that came up with that comment, she bowed her head so that he couldn't see them.

"Okay, well, you just sit right there and hold my hands and concentrate. You don't have to do anything else."

Holding his hands in hers, Jesse let the peace of Gaia's energy flow through her. Total stillness overtook her and she knew no more.

Mark watched all this in amazement. For one moment Jesse seemed bathed in a glowing white light. He could feel the warmth coming from her. Suddenly Jesse went still. For a moment Mark was scared that she had died and almost let go of her hands. A voice whispered into his ear. "Don't let go. She needs your energy to be with me. Get to know your power and then you will be free."

Stunned, Mark just sat there holding onto Jesse's hands. "Who was that?" he wondered. Could it be this Gaia that she mentioned?"

Suddenly Jesse opened her eyes. Looking at Mark she said in a monotone, "The entity in the house needs our power to be released. It needs for us to satisfy ourselves not as we should but just our basic needs. We are to mate. We need to achieve orgasm without you making me submit. If I submit to you, then the power between us can defeat the entity. If not then it will be free."

Falling forward in a dead faint, Jesse would have slammed into the floor had Marks reflexes had been any slower. He sat there holding her close, not knowing what was going on. Hoping that she would wake soon to explain what was going on.

Feeling as though a truck had run her over, Jesse opened her eyes to see Mark's worried face. Realizing that she was in his lap, she struggled to sit up. "Oh goodness. I'm sorry." Rubbing her eyes, she asked, "What happened?"

After telling her what she had said, Mark confessed, "I don't know what the fuck is going on."

Thinking hard, Jesse sat there. "I wonder if this has anything to do with the dom side of your personality that you have not explored."

"You are talking crazy," Mark told her. "I cannot stand games during sex."

"Dominance is not about games, Mark." She said impatiently. "Its about the giving of ones control to another. Do you know how strong one must be to give it up, or for someone to have that control?"

"Uh well..."

"That's what I thought. How are we to get you to dominate me when this is how you think?" Getting up to pace the room, she strode from one end to the other. Heading for the opened door, it suddenly slammed shut. "Well that tells me doesn't it?"  Looking at the toys on the table, Jesse got an idea. It may not work, but what else did they have to lose?

"Mark, I am going to teach you to submit. Then you will know how to dominate."

"Excuse me?" Mark asked. "You are going to do what?"

"Come over here. I am going to tie you up first."

"Oh no you are not."  Feeling like a sitting duck, and not liking it, Mark looked at  Jesse, who was coming toward him with what looked like restraints. "You mean it, don't you?"

"Yes, now come on, I think we have to get this over with before dawn to have this work."

Sighing deeply, Mark agreed. "Okay lets get this over with fast."

It seemed like forever, but Jesse finally got the straps around his wrists and put a muzzle-type device across his mouth. She left his feet free so that he could walk. There was no way she could tote his well over 6 ft tall body anywhere. When she was done, she took a step back and looked at him.

Bound and looking at Jesse, Mark looked both excited and afraid.

Jesse, after staring at him for a moment, walked over and stretched up to be even with his face.

Touching him lightly, she asked, "Do you know the power of submission?" Seeing him shake his head no, she continued, "It is more powerful than any other power, save those of the truly innocent. and that is the reason the house called you and me here."

"I can feel the power in you, not that of submission, but that of a dominator. It is not ready for you to use however. I do have questions for you, though. I have seen the way you have fucked a lot of different women. Rarely, though, more than once. Why?"

Not waiting for his response, she continued.

"And never did you kiss these women in public. Nor hold their hand. Why?"

"Don't you like the feel of lips pressed against yours, the roughness of another's tongue rubbing with yours?"

Leaning over, Jesse pressed light kisses along his jaw line. Gentle and soft, her lips moved down, trailing down along his neck, making Mark lean his head to the side silently asking for more.  Instead of continuing, she moved the mouth covering and licked his lips, making them part on their own. Seeing this, Jesse stopped and put his restraint back on.

Standing back up and waiting until he looked up to her, Jesse whispered, "No my pet, that is enough for you right now."  

Leaving him to struggle against his bonds, she walked over to the window.  Jesse looked out of it. Seeing the wide expanse of the lawn, seeing the kids across the street playing a game of tag, knowing that if she went through with this, its possible that it all could be gone, taken over by the evil, not the good. Bowing her head, she prayed, "Please let this work, may Gaia be able to defeat this evil one. Thank you." Breathing deeply, she turned back to Mark, not seeing his features, but his aura, that so matched her own. "I need to do this." She whispered to herself. "We need to do this."

Going back to him, she asked quietly, "Do you know why I bound you? I can see you struggling as I speak. You would touch me now if those were not there, wouldn't you? A true sub would still not touch, unless allowed to.  I need to be able to do these things to you, to get you to understand what it is supposed to happen between you and me. We need to be able to summon the power to fight this evil, but it won't work unless I truly submit, and that cannot happen unless you understand what that submission means."

"Submission is not just that of letting you have control over me. It's the need to let you have control over me. There are limits to that, however. Cross it and it is over. The power will not be released. But on the other hand, if you do not get to that limit, the power will not be strong enough. Tricky, yes?" 

Running a hand down his chest, using her nails to scratch his skin. Leaving little grooves of raised flesh and then leaning down to lick the welts. Hearing his quick intake of breath, Jesse smiled. "Feels good don't it? The sharp sting of the pain followed by the coolness of my tongue. I can feel you getting excited, yet it is tempered. You cannot submit to me. It is not in you to do it. I want you to make me submit to you, to make me be in your total control. I need to give myself over to you."

Forgetting for a moment on why she was there, Jesse rubbed her hands down his chest. Touching, feeling, tasting her way down his body until she knelt in front of his dick. Taking his growing member into her hands, she pulled on it. Roughly she yanked upon it. Leaning over to lick the head, tasting the drop of dew that formed upon the tip. Almost inhaling him as she sucked him down her throat, taking all of him at one time, then she fucked him with her mouth.

Hard thrusts she made with her mouth. Making him move as she grasped him by the hips to get him to move faster and harder. As soon as he got the rhythm going, she used her hands to play with his balls, to rub them, and to pull on them. After moments filled with the sounds of his breathing and the slurping of her mouth, Jesse could feel him about to cum, and remembering where she was at, she stopped. Standing up, she looked at him. He was making sounds of disagreement at her stopping at that moment and shaking his head to emphasize that thought. 

"No." she said as she stood there. "You are not going to cum now." Louder his grunts of disagreement grew as she stood there.  "Enough of that. If you want to be in control than learn to submit. You must know the power of submission before you can ask for it to be given to you. That is what all of this is about." Pushing him backwards until he fell upon the bed, Jesse climbed over Mark. Straddling his thighs, her soaking wet pussy leaving moisture on them.

"I'm going to fuck you now. You are not to cum until I tell you to. We don't have the time to do what is needed at this time, so we need to use the cliff notes version. If we make it through this, I'm sure willing to pick up at where we leave off." Hearing his grunt, Jesse laughed, "Oh, I guess that means you aren't as happy with being bound as I would be, eh?"

"If you cum before I tell you to, this has all been for naught. You have to do to be able to control yourself. That's the lesson to all this, control."  Moving her hands underneath him, she released his arms. "Move them above your head." She told him as she pointed to the headboard. "It will be more comfortable for you." After retying him, she lifted herself over his throbbing hardness. Slowly she lowered herself, the slickness of her sheath making the entry easy.

Placing her hands on his chest, Jesse rode him. Not the gentle strokes of lovemaking, but fucking him hard, the slap of her pussy loud as she slammed onto him, over and over again.

Seeing the beads of sweat gather on his brow made Jesse more excited. Maybe there was something to the dominating part that she didn't realize. At that moment a whisper floated through her mind. "Take this power. Take this power" Over and over it spoke, this voice, growing in strength. Tempting her with the thought of controlling Mark forever, to make him submit to her and only her. The thought grew in her mind as she fucked him. She could feel, but could not see, something stroking her clit, bringing her orgasm on.

"Come on," this voice whispered, "take his power. Make it your own."

Slamming harder and harder, almost oblivious to Mark who had stopped his movements, as he too could hear the whispered comments, she rode him. Enjoying the pleasure she was experiencing, liking the power she had. 

Concentrating hard, Mark struggled against his bonds. He knew the house had somehow gotten to Jesse, and he needed to get free before she was taken over. Almost immediately, his bonds loosened and he was free. Pushing Jesse off of him, he stood up, removing the rest of his restraints as he did so.

Finding her source of pleasure gone, Jesse screeched at him in anger, all reasonable thought gone from her, seeking only the pleasure of her body. Pushing her backwards, Mark straddled her with his body as she fought him, holding her down and using his restraints on her.

Looking down at her, tied up and helpless in her fury, Mark felt a click in his brain. She was right, he thought as he stared down at Jesse. I do feel the need. I do understand now.  I can do it now.

Walking away for a moment, he thought about what to do. Obviously she wasn't herself now, and he really wasn't sure how to get her back. The house had gotten a hold of her and he was scared shitless.

"Okay Jesse, I know that somewhere in that body of yours, you can still hear me. I am going to bring you back and we are going to beat this power. Do you hear me?" he questioned as his hand trailed down her sweat soaked form.  "Well, why don't we get started."

Looking over the goodies that were laid out on the table in the room, Mark picked up several, having not seen anything like them before. Looking closely at what looked like a whip with leather straps hanging off of it, he flicked it a couple of times. Hearing the crack in the air as he moved it was highly erotic. He could feel his dick starting to get hard again. Glancing over at Jesse, who was squirming against her bonds, ideas began to form in his mind.
