 Authors note: Every and all characters in this story will be eighteen years of age and or older. Sorry I didn't make that clear during my first submission of this story.

*****

"Hurry the fuck up in there!" Kylee yelled while pounding relentlessly on the door causing Kyle to mentally face palm himself. He shook his head in dismay at the irritating voice, tossing the washcloth to the shower floor in a heap of anger. 

"Damn it Kylee, I'll be out in a minute," he yelled back stepping under the hot refreshing spray of water, rinsing the soap from his body sighing in appreciation at the heavenly feeling.

"I don't have all morning," She hollered back not hiding the venom from her voice.

"You and me both," Kyle muttered under his breath, taking his time to clean himself thoroughly hoping desperately for no more distractions from his bitchy twin sister.

Everyday seemed like the movie Groundhog Day to Kyle. Wake up, take a shower and get ridiculed by Kylee for supposedly taking too long. Then he would go to school and wind up getting bullied by the jocks for their own amusement. He would spend half of his classes fantasizing and day dreaming about the beautiful girls surrounding him throughout the day, in which he knew they were all way out of his league. Then he would come home to mountains of homework that seemed to never end, before logging on his computer to play role-playing games with his equally geeky friends. Dinnertime would soon roll around which he was forced to sit at the table, listening to his parents rant on about their jobs. Finally he would spend the rest of the evening vegging out in front of the television hoping to avoid any further ridiculing from Kylee. It all pretty much sums his life into one word boring; o.k maybe two, dull.

Kyle opened the bathroom door and was blasted with a wave of cool air and a look of vain from Kylee as she stood there with her arms crossed tightly against her pink robe, tapping her foot impatiently. "Finally done jerking off in there perv," she scolded brushing past him muttering incoherent profanities before slamming the door with a loud crash. Kyle just ignored her accusation retreating to his own room shaking his head because he knew arguing with his sister would be a fight he'd never win. How can someone be a bitch, he thought to himself while drying the water from his body.

He quickly dressed in the ghastly school uniform that was forced upon the students to wear. A navy blue button down dress shirt, with navy blue dress pants, a gold tie, along with black socks and shoes. It was hideous but there was no other choices. Hurrying to the kitchen Kyle grabbed a packet of pop-tarts from the cupboard before exiting his house in a hurry so that he would not miss his bus.

"Hi Mrs Wilson," he greeted the elderly widow who lived next door with a smile before beginning his journey to the bus stop.

"Hey Kyle, you got a minute?" Debra Wilson called out to him before he walked to far away.

"Yes Mrs Wilson," Kyle replied walking back to her fence that surrounded her front lawn.

"After school would you be able to do me a big favor," Debra asked flashing her customary smile. "The storm clogged my drain gutter with dead leaves and I would appreciate if you can clean it out for me? There are also a few boxes in my shed I'd like for you to take out to the trash, if you don't mind!"

"Yes Mrs Wilson," Kyle spoke. "It won't be any problem at all, but I gotta go and catch my bus before I'm late." 

"Thanks sweetie, your a life saver," Debra says while turning her attention back to her knitting.

#######

The yellow bus arrived as the door squeaked opened, the chatter on the inside drowning out the quiet morning that seemingly plagued the outside world. Kyle sighed as he climbed the steep stairs, taking his dreaded seat next to Albert Samson, the kid with bad body odor. It wasn't Kyle's first choice of places to sit, but he'd grown used to it over the past three years since he was a freshman. It was like the scene from Forrest Gump where no one would let him sit down anywhere, but instead of telling Kyle he couldn't sit, he was forced to walk gauntlets of legs springing out to trip him. He spent the first week as a high school student dodging embarrassment from his piers on the bus until finally Albert invited Kyle to take the seat next to him.

The rattled old bus screeched to a halt outside Twin Oaks High School, rousing a wave of unhappy groans from the occupants inside. Kyle greeted his small group of buddies as they walked to advisory, chatting about Dragon Slayer, the role playing game from the previous night.

"Yo, my dwarf got three thousand gold coins from the chest behind the draw bridge," Slim taunted the group, his real name being Steve but the group called him Slim because he was overweight. Go figure.

"Yeah well my knight found the sliver armor and sword behind a rock that sat nearby the moat," Goggles challenged, his real name being Gary but the group called him Goggles because of the thick glasses he wore.

"My sorceress learned a new book of spells," Re-run taunted, hating to be out done by the others. Mitchell got his nickname from growing up because he used to wear the same shirt for days at a time and had a problem repeating himself until he was answered.

"How about you Kyle? Find any worthwhile treasure lately?" Slim asked bringing Kyle into the conversation.

"Yeah right! Every time the treasure chests appear you all run to them leaving me out to dry and I wind up getting killed." Kyle said shoving his friend playfully.

"Excuses man," Re-run spoke. "I bet you were distracted by that hot twin sister of yours.

"Your a sick fuck," Kyle retaliated punching him in the arm. "Just because she rejected you millions of times doesn't mean I have to stare at my sister like that!"

"Aw ain't that sweet. The older brother is protecting the wicked witch of Twin Oaks like a good brother should." Goggles joked receiving a cold stare from Kyle.

"Asshole," Kyle muttered under his breath knowing full well how much his friends like to tease him about his relationship with Kylee. "Anyway she's a few hours older then me."

Who cares who's older," Re-Run spoke. "She's hot!"

"Like you have any chance," Slim teased Re-run.

"Hey at least I tried, besides you would probably make her look flat chested standing next to her," Re-run countered causing the group to burst out in heaps of laughter.

"Can we all just go one day without any of you perving or lusting on my sister," Kyle said when all the laughter died down.

"Why?" Goggles said. "Because non of us lust on Alexis," he said in a low voice; nodding his head to the blonde sitting on the opposite side of the room.

"Yeah dude," Re-run chimed in. "She won't let you play with her boobs. Oh wait, your too scared to approach her anyway," he said smiling evilly.

"You can play with mine!" Slim said while cupping his own man boobs causing another round of uncontrollable laughter.

"Idiots!" Kyle said rising from his seat at the ear piercing sound of the bell shaking his head.

"Aw, now Kyle needs a hug you guys," Slim said cutting in on the jokes thrown Kyle's way.

"Ass!" Kyle responded by shoving his friend away who had his arm out stretched for a hug. "See you guys later," he said before walking off to begin the boring day of lectures.

The rest of the school day passed at a snails pace due to the boring detailed lectures, the painstaking task of writing a novels worth of notes, classes being interrupted and delayed because some clown had to act or say something immature, and the fact Conan Clydesdale the quarterback/school bully got Kyle's lunch money by third period without breaking a sweat. The only real positives Kyle took from the school day was that Mr Andrews the history teacher wasn't present.. He was the worst teacher because everything he taught was detailed and scrutinized to a point unnecessary. Worst of all Andrews had a voice that sounded like the guy doing the clear eyes commercial which made the class feel like it took hours longer than the usual forty five minutes a class normally took.

Kyle felt a sense of relief as the cool air pooled around him as he exited the building walking to the school bus parked on the street. He quickly entered the bus, grabbing the window seat before Albert could make an appearance. Watching all the tired yet excited students engage in conversations, his eyes fell upon a group of girls featuring his crush Alexis. How he lounged for her, yet having a fear of rejection yielded his confidence to even approach the blonde hair; blue eyed beauty. Kyle rested his chin in his palm wishing for a chance of good luck for a change. Murphy's law seemed to follow him merciless, where one thing goes wrong another bad thing follows. He sighed in awe as his body jerked from the bus taking off which aroused a round of cheers from the occupants inside. One day he thought, just one day.

Arriving home about a half an hour later, Kyle bolted up the stairs like a flash of lightening tearing off the dreaded uniform in his wake before waltzing in the kitchen to raid the cupboard and refrigerator in his boxers. He quickly gnawed on a few twinkies before downing his juice box without taking a breath before heading back to his room to throw on some casual clothing. Kyle didn't have the time to relax and enjoy the silence that he loved to do after school because he had to get over to Mrs Wilson's house before it got too late.

Kyle left his house and stood at Debra's door knocking loudly to be sure she heard him. He wasn't sure if she had her hearing aid in or not as he waited patiently for her to answer the door.

"You sound like the police trying to break down my door," Debra Wilson greeted him with her signature smile.

"I'm sorry Mrs Wilson," Kyle apologized blushing at her accusation and taking the keys to the shed she handed him.

"Just let me know when your finished," she said. "Then I want you to join me for some homemade cookies and hot chocolate."

"Mmm sounds good Mrs Wilson," He said retreating to her back yard to start his chores.

Debra Wilson has been a family friend for as long as Kyle could remember. His family invited her over to dinner many times and along to family outings which was also the same the other way around. Her Late husband Avery Wilson had passed five years ago from natural causes and since then Kyle has done many chores for her, whether it's mowing her lawn, taking out her trash, or a simple task like changing a light bulb. Not once in his life did Kyle ever accept so much as a dime from her. Debra Wilson was the nicest old lady Kyle has ever known and not once has her ever seen her show an ounce of anger.

Kyle again knocked on her door when he was finished prying the dead leaves from her gutter and tossing the trash bag he used against the stack of boxes he took out for her. Debra invited him in directing him to the kitchen table serving a tall mug of hot chocolate overstuffed with mini marshmallows. "You know Kyle, I appreciate all the help and hard work you have done for me over the years," Debra said in a soft voice.

"It not a burden at all Mrs Wilson. I enjoy your company anyway. Your a fun woman to have a conversation with and your stories are interesting," Kyle replied.

"Why thank you Kyle. But it pains me you never accept money for all the hard work I ask you to do. It makes me feel like I'm using you for your youth. You deserve something." Debra said while sipping at her cocoa and blowing at the steam to cool it off.

"But Mrs Wilson..." Kyle spoke before getting cut off as Debra held up her index finger so that she could finish what she had to say.

"Now I want you to listen carefully Kyle! I've been thinking long and hard about this and you seem like the right person. I want you to accept it without any ifs ands or buts. Whatever you do Kyle please do not sell it because it is worth more than any amount of money you can get," Debra said with a serious tone Kyle has never heard her use before, taking a silver necklace off with a small charm attached to it; before sliding it in front of Kyle.

"What is it?" He asked studying the piece of jewelery with his eyes.

"A pocket watch," she responded with a hint of glee to her voice.

Kyle picked up the shiny object taking a closer look at it; rubbing his thumb across the cold metal. "It's beautiful." He spoke out fascinated at the beauty of the watch. "I've never seen one so small, but Mrs Wilson I mean no disrespect but nobody uses these anymore. We all have cell phones these days to tell us the time," he said raising his eyes to gauge her reaction.

Debra set her mug down and reached out to grasp Kyle's hands in hers. "What I'm about to tell you Kyle is probably the most unbelievable thing you'd heard in your life, so please don't make fun of me. I want you to hear me out."

"You have my word," he said.

Debra takes a deep breath and exhales it slowly. "Kyle what if I told you the watch in your hand can possibly change your life forever, that the watch can grant you an ability only seen in movies and read in books. I'm talking an epic power beyond you wildest imagination.?" Debra asked a small fire of excitement gleaming from her eyes as she took the pocket watch he held in his grasp.

"How so?" He asked excitement growing inside him for the chance of good luck finally bouncing in his direction.

"I don't know how to tell you this Kyle without it sounding like a bunch of bull shit, but please don't laugh at me. Kyle just nodded his head not sure what he may be getting into. "This watch Kyle, Debra breathes another deep breath, This watch has the ability to stop time around you. Think about it Kyle, you push this button here, she said showing him a tiny button on the side of the watch; and everything around you freezes; becomes immobile unless you move it yourself."

"Wow Mrs Wilson, it sounds almost to good to be true." Kyle said not sure how he should react because he didn't want to hurt the old lady's feelings. It mean it sounds like something from outta this world. How can something like that happen in the real world anyway."

"I don't know Kyle," Debra said looking him straight in the eyes before vanishing entirely out of mid air. "Believe me Kyle it does work," she said from behind him without missing a beat to her words.

Kyle dropped his cookie as he turned around with a stunned expression on his face staring at the women behind him with wide eyes. "How did you...I mean...What the hell just happened Mrs Wilson?" Kyle tried to speak; stuttering and stumbling over his words, wondering if his own eyes had deceived what he thought he saw.

"Believe me now?" She asked suddenly reappearing where she was first sitting down at the table, causing Kyle again to whip his around in awe.

Words couldn't explain the thoughts rushing around in Kyle's head as he stared at the silver watch Debra placed back on the table in front of him. He cautiously picked it up, studying it with curiosity as a small grin found its way on to his face. "Go ahead, Debra gestured him with a nod, give it a try!" She said equaling the grin Kyle had bestowed upon his lips.

"Really?" He responded not hiding the excitement that alienated his voice.

"It's yours so have fun!" She replied watching Kyle act like a kid in a candy store.

Kyle's hand started to shake with anticipation as his thumb caressed the small button. He looked up into Debra's eyes and saw no signs of disapproval, just happiness radiating off her from the moment of joy she gave the young man. With his chest about to burst from the breath he had been holding, Kyle shut his eyes tight not sure what to expect as he gave the button a light squeeze until he heard a soft click.

Nothing happened except an utter silence that Kyle didn't seem to notice. "What happens next?" He asked Debra feeling nothing different has changed. Thirty seconds passed by as Kyle awaited an answer that never came. He opened his eyes and saw Debra still sitting in her chair wearing the same expression she wore a few seconds ago. "Mrs Wilson?" He called out to her. Again another few seconds flew by and she never answered him. Kyle became scared thinking something terrible has happened to the elderly woman. "Mrs Wilson your scaring me, please stop this joke," he begged fearing for the worse.

Tears started to form around Kyle's eyes as he jumped up from his seat to run to the woman's side, knocking his mug of hot cocoa to the floor. There was never a crash that should of followed from the mug falling off the table, but Kyle was distressed form Debra health to even notice. He stood at her side as he shook Debra ushering her to make any sign to show him that she was alright. His words soon became incoherent as he cried, slumping to his knees in defeat burying his head into her shoulder.

His body began to shake from the loss of a long family friend. "P-p-please Mrs Wilson..." He mumbled through his muffled sobs, the hurt he was feeling making his cry remain unfinished. Kyles eyes were burning as the hot tears pooled down his red face. He looked up with shame as he felt responsible for the woman's state because a pipe dream of happiness got to his head. Why he thought? Why did I let some fairytale magic get to my head? Why did I have to believe the impossible?

He then shifted his gaze to the pocket watch that was still balled up in his fist as he noticed the second hand wasn't moving along the gold roman numerals that decorated the watch. Piece of crap don't even work anymore he thought staring at the watch with rage.

Kyle's mind shifted to the last moment he spent with Debra, remembering the wide smile she had plastered on her face as she described the watches power. His eyes went wide as he remembered her words. "Imagine it Kyle, a world immobilized around you. with you being the only person or thing to move." He then remembered Debra appearing behind him, seemingly to vanish again out of mid air in a blink of an eye.

Curiosity got the best of Kyles emotions as he stared at the watch, moving his gaze to the woman sitting on the chair, and finally back to the watch. No way he thought as realization hit him. "Did I really stop time?" He asked himself out loud to himself. Only one way to find out he thought.

With a silent prayer, Kyle slumped to rest his ass on his heels as he was still on his knees. Here goes nothing he thought keeping his gaze on Debra while giving the button a small squeeze. A loud crash greeted Kyle instantly as he whipped in head, startled at the loud noise. All he saw was a puddle of cocoa and shards of glass scattered everywhere. "Come on Kyle, did you really have to make a mess?" Debra's voice broke out. "And why are you on your knees?"

He turned to look at the smiling women as her voice was music to his ears. Kyle jumped to his feet throwing his arms around her in a tight hug. "Oh thank God your alive Mrs Wilson," he said sniffling not holding back his tears of joy.

Debra pushed him back to look into his teared streaked face that was also flushed from sobbing. "Alive?" She asked. "Kyle I've been alive for sixty-six years, you don't have to remind me young man," she said in mock hurt. "Oh my Kyle, have you been crying?"

He nodded his head, wiping the tears away with the sleeve of his sweatshirt. "I pushed the button like you said and nothing happened, then I saw you sitting there without moving. I thought you died because you were unresponsive to my commands. Mrs Wilson you scared me!"

Debra burst out laughing and felt proud that this young boy cared so much about an old lady like herself. "What else did you expect when you stop time silly?"

A smile crept to Kyle. "I don't know," he replied.

Debra took the watch from his hand. "Let me show you something," she said taking his hand in her other free hand, pushing the button to stop time for the both of them. "Open your ears Kyle and tell me what you hear!"
