 Janovic felt heat all around him. His skin burned as if he stood in the middle of a blazing fire. The intensity continued building, but he could not cry out. Searching for his voice to give an outlet to the pain he felt was like trying to grab and hold onto a handful of water, and the thought of water only made his pain that much greater. Burning heat began to sear through his entire body. He looked all around him for a way to escape his pain but everywhere he looked he saw bright, yellow and orange flames. As the pain overtook him his legs gave out and he went to his knees and then collapsed fully onto the ground. His body curled into a ball trying to pull back from the intensity of the heat that was slowly consuming him.

His eyes opened and he let out a gasping breath. The cool air felt wonderful as he breathed it in. The bedsheets were soaked with his sweat and he sighed softly as the memory of the pain in his dream faded. This was not the first time this dream had come to him, it was a call from his master.

Throwing aside the bedsheet he sat up and rubbed his eyes. Looking out the window he saw no hint of sunlight on the horizon. Given the position of the gray moon Loren, it was likely still hours before dawn. As his head began to clear he felt a sense of urgency come over him. In the past, he had waited before contacting his master, only to be shown how his master would not tolerate such disobedience. 

Janovic had been drawn in by the promise of power and his own need to bring prominence back to the Order of Pious. Once he had given himself over to the power, the master had started to break him. The power, he learned, did not come without the cost of servitude. Many times, and many ways his master had broken him. Delving deep and finding parts of his soul he thought hidden from all but him, but his master found them. Through his breaking he learned skills he now found useful in his own endeavors. He had broken Natia and bound Mansel to him too. There were items his master had shown him how to find that gave him power of others, allowing their will to be bent to his.

He dressed in haste as he thought of his plans going forward. The Duke still troubled him. Plans within the Cadre were taking shape just as he had orchestrated them. The Patriarch had thwarted him too often in the past, but as Janovic slowly brought more of the Cads under his control, the Patriarch saw his power waning. It would not be long before Janovic made him so ineffectual he had to step aside, letting new blood take the helm of the Order. 

Using the same passage Natia had to enter his chambers he exited his rooms. The innards of the Citadel of the Order were old. Few even knew of their existence, and the ones that did held that knowledge close. Silas had been the one to teach Janovic about them. Silas belonged to the Heralds of Quietus, a group of assassins older than the kingdom itself. While the members of the Order over the years seemed to take the secret of the passageways to the grave with them, assassins treasured such knowledge, and why not? It was a valuable utility within their profession.

Many would fear trusting an assassin, but Silas was bound to Janovic. A simple gold ring Silas wore on his left hand bound him. Many binding devices could be removed and their effects were gone, but if Silas or anyone else but Janovic removed the ring, it would mean his death.

The corridors were dark, but keeping his hand on the wall, and with his enhanced vision, Janovic meandered his way along until he found the stairwell leading down to the underbelly of the city. Once there he would make his way towards a dwelling kept in a reputable area of the city. Having material things was not a common practice within the Order, but Janovic needed a place away from prying eyes. Should he attempt to contact his master within the Citadel it would set off alarms, as wards put in place since the time of its construction would be tripped. 

Janovic finally reached the bottom of the stairs, it was more than two hundred feet below his chambers and a good fifty feet below the street level of the city. These tunnels were thousands of years old. So old, the city sewers were actually above where he now walked. If one did not know where they were going they could get lost down here. There were areas where the tunnels had collapsed and other areas that went further underground and seemed to go on forever. He reached inside his jacket and pulled out a small glass globe and as he shook it three times it emitted a soft blue light that helped him navigate his way through the tunnels. Even with his enhanced vision the darkness in the tunnels was so absolute that it made it necessary to have some light to see by. Janovic remembered a time when walking in the darkness would have frightened him. The noises heard far off in the tunnel could be caused by any number of things. Silas had told him that the Heralds had documented encounters with creatures from an age long forgotten while roaming the tunnels. Terrifying beasts with scales that could turn all but the strongest blade and claws that could rend human flesh. With the power that now coursed through him he no longer feared such things. While he had his limitations, there was little in this plane of existence that he need fear. 

The walk through the tunnels took nearly three quarters of an hour before he reached his destination. A small alcove with newer stone walls was where he stopped. Without knowing how to open the passageway the alcove seemed to lead nowhere. Reaching out his hand Janovic pushed on one of the stones, nothing setting it apart from the rest, situated high enough on the wall that it would be harder to accidentally trigger. When the stone was fully depressed Janovic pushed on the wall and it quietly opened inward. There was an iron rung ladder in the small space. The climb would take a few minutes but it led directly to the basement level of his apartments.

Though the climb was long he hardly broke a sweat and felt no fatigue in his arms or legs. When the ladder appeared to end, he pushed on the ceiling above him and the trapdoor opened upwards. He felt the tingle in his mind as he tripped his own ward on the doorway. His ward was permanent, just as the ones he had set on any entrance into his private apartments. Unfortunately, he could not cast these types of wards within the Citadel. The arcane methods he now had to utilize would be noticed. His ability to use the power bestowed by Pious was no longer available to him. The abilities utilized by the order only helped in healing and defense. When fighting a war such as he thought was necessary, one had to be able to attack decisively. Pious offered no such power.

As he climbed into the basement he closed the trap door. The basement was large with a smooth stone floor. Against the far wall was a table that was covered in many jars and vials containing different powders and liquids along with several sticks of chalk and tar. He walked to the table and picked up a jar containing a red tinged powder which he opened as he walked back to the center of the room. He made a circle on the floor using the powder. Walking back to the table he sealed and set the jar back down and then he picked up a stick of chalk. He turned and walk back to the circle of powder making sure not to disturb the edges. With the chalk, he began to draw symbols, seven of them, evenly set apart. Each one a different naming for the levels that many called hell. He needed to reach the seventh plane which required passing through the first six.

Finishing drawing the symbols, he set the calk aside and being careful not to disturb the ring of powder stepped inside and kneeled in the middle. Picturing each symbol in his mind he recited words in a long-forgotten tongue. The sounds were guttural with enunciated tongue clicks. As he finished the last recitation he felt a shift around him as the room seemed to spin outside of the circle. He suddenly felt a flash of heat build-up around him. He sat and waited patiently. A normal man would have wilted under the heat that surrounded him, Janovic was no longer surprised at his comfort sitting within it.

Suddenly he felt it, his master approached. As the presence neared Janovic felt a pressure, like a great weight was pressing against the front of his body. The dark presence that accompanied it was daunting. No light of happiness or joy could withstand his master's presence, only fear and pain. A large silhouette moved within the darkness, "you heeded my call," the voice rattled inside Jaonvic's head.

"Yes master," he replied touching his head to the ground in front of him. He learned long ago to not try and look directly at his master. Even the time he did, he never was able to see more than movement in the shadows.

"She is moving against us," Janovic knew of whom his master spoke.

"I believe she has chosen a champion master, the Duke of Eandar," he hoped to please his master with the news. "I plan to go soon, to see for myself."

Pain lanced through Janovic's body, "fool," the voice boomed in anger, "if he is indeed her chosen, he will know that you are one of mine."

Janovic fought against the pain, "then...ho...how master?" The pain began receding from his body and Janovic was able to take in a deep breath, the feeling of knives piercing his sides fading.

"I shall send you help," the voice washed over Janovic with a burning sensation he could only describe as soothing. Pain then pleasure, know the penalty for disobedience and the reward for servitude. When serving the master, that was the most important lesson one could learn. "You will know her when she arrives, but I warn you," the soothing sensation dissipated, "do not interfere with her plans or actions."

Janovic felt a surge of jealousy, was this woman above him in his master's eyes? How could a woman be placed above him? Daggers of pain plunged into his side again, causing him to cry out, "I sense your thoughts," Janovic tried to take in a breath but it only made the pain worse, "she stands above you, and should you challenge her be warned, she is not as patient as I am."

"And Duke Gorin?" he rasped as his breath came back to him the pain once again receding.

"You have one of your pets trying to get someone close to him," again a wave of soothing heat, "this will do for now." He felt the pleasure of approval from his master. "We will need help to get Xenia close to Duke Gorin. She is our best chance to bind him."

"Will a binding hold against her power?"

"Leave that to her. When Zenia arrives, she will instruct your pet on what needs to be done," the weight of his master's presence began to recede. Janovic knew the audience was over and breathed a sigh of relief as he broke the powder of the circle with his hand. The spinning around him was so fast he nearly grew ill as the room reappeared.

He slowly stood up on wobbly legs, trying to hold back his anger and jealousy at what his master had told him. Dare he undermine the efforts of this woman Zenia? How could he ascend higher than she? Who was she to take charge of Natia? His own slave. He was going to be the next Patriarch of the Order of Pious, who was this woman that his master honored above him?

*****

Natia watched the young man as he strolled through the market square. He was in his early twenties, brown hair and eyes. He stood around six feet tall, only a couple inches taller than Natia herself. His hair was short cropped as were most of the soldiers in Duke Gorin's army. This particular one was on a rotation that guarded the Duke personally. He was currently off duty and was not in his uniform.

It was midday and the market bustled with traffic. The square itself was quite large. The rectangular area was once home to the town commons and covered with grass and trees, but as the town grew into a city the area saw more and more use for commerce. Over time the park was slowly replace with stone and a large fountain was built in the center.

The man's name Natia had learned was Talwin. She watched him as he moved through the market, not sure what errand he was running today. She did not find him attractive other than his physique. Being one of the Duke's personal guards meant he was also one of the best. His walk showed confidence of someone who was comfortable in their own skin, which meant he feared little. If he had seen the things Natia had seen, and felt the pain she had felt, he would be much more afraid. 

Now she only had to get close to him. She had been watching him for the last week when he was off duty. He was the hero type. Always there to help. Little old ladies, children, and even damsels in distress. While others he worked with might be more easily seduced, none of them showed the conviction Talwin did. Once he became her hero and she was leading him around by his cock, his loyalty to her would be hard to shake. The noble ones always fell the hardest, they usually had notions that love was something special.

Suddenly a man rushed her and grabbed the bag she carried. As she screamed and pulled back on her bag the man backhanded her across the face. She fell to the ground, losing a grip on her bag. She looked up, her vision still slightly blurred, and saw the man disappear within the throngs of people.

Suddenly Talwin was there, bending over her, "he went that way," he pointed in the direction the thief had gone. Two town watchmen, drawn by her scream, acknowledged the information Talwin conveyed to them and moved off in pursuit. "Are you okay ma'am?" he asked.

Natia pushed herself up with one arm, "I...um...I think so," she said softly, "but my things," her voice trembled slightly.

"The town watch is giving chase," gently taking her under the arm he helped lift her back to her feet. "They will find the thief," the statement did not sound very confident. Talwin's faith in their abilities to track down a purse snatcher was not misplaced, especially the one she had hired to rob her. "Let's get you out of this crowd so you can sit."

She said nothing allowing Talwin to guide her to the outer edge of the square. He moved in the direction of a café that had several tables outside and a few set up on the inside. The building was a light stone color with large windows on the store front. The fact that the café even had windows meant their prices were likely for wealthy merchants and the highborn. "Why don't we sit here and get you something to help calm your nerves," as they approached a young woman in a long brown dress and white apron moved out from where the tables were set up to greet them.

As she looked at them she smiled until she noticed Natia's reddened cheek, "Oh dear," she said sympathetically, "are you well?"

"The lady needs to sit," Talwin replied leading her to the first empty table he could find, "and bring us two glasses of whatever white wine you have."

"Yes sir," the serving woman said before turning and heading back in the front door of the café.

Talwin appraised her. His eyes taking in her plane blue dress that hung down to mid-calf when she was standing. It was short sleeved and the neckline was high enough that her cleavage remained covered. She had not even bothered to put on any make up, as if she needed any. Natia knew this type of man. Some men were taken in by ladies while others to sluts. For Talwin the hero, she had to be a lady, at least until he was firmly in her grasp. Even the men who wanted a lady out in the world wanted the whore in his bedroom.

"Perhaps we should get you something for your cheek," he said as he sat down across from her.

She grimaced and turned her head away from him, hiding that side of her face with her hand, "is it that awful?"

Talwin held his hands up quickly, "no no...um...miss..."

"Natasha," she offered.

"Talwin," he responded before continuing, "not even a bruised cheek can hide a face that pretty."

Natia did her best to appear deprecating, "you're just being polite."

"I would not say it if it were not true Natasha," he smiled, "a lovely name for a lovely lady." He sat forward in his seat as the server returned placing two glasses of wine in front of them, "I can follow up with the watch once I have walked you home." His eyes widened a bit before he quickly stuttered, "if I am not being too forward..."

Natia smiled inwardly as he blushed, "oh you have been so helpful I could not trouble you so..."

"I insist Natasha," his voice pleading.

"How could I refuse such an offer from my hero?" she smiled coyly.

Talwin beamed at her words. They chatted over a glass of wine, and then a few more before Natia decided it was time he walked her home. He took her by the arm as they walked several blocks away from the square before she stopped in front of a white brick building with a green door. Janovic had given her use of the apartment within the second floor of his private quarters.

"Thank you so much Talwin," she said as they stopped. She feigned shock as she gestured to where her bag had been on her shoulder, "my keys...how am I to get in?"

"Well...if you do not mind," he offered, "I can get by the lock."

Her eyes gave him a questioning look, "I'm a soldier...well a special soldier." He said as she followed him to the door, "we are trained to do a lot of different things."

She smiled in return watching as he pulled a thin knife from his pocket and inserting in the door jam and playing with the handle the door came open. "My apartment," she gestured in an upward motion, "it's on the second floor."

He unconsciously looked around the street, "perhaps you should wait here," he offered.

"Oh stop being so proper," she swatted his shoulder, "can't you be my hero just one more time?" She smiled sweetly while batting her eyes. 

"Of course," men were so weak she thought as she led him up the stairway. Keep stroking his ego until he had let his guard down enough for her to get a grip on his cock. At the top of the stairs he quickly opened the door to the small apartment. 

He turned to her as he opened the door smiling. She stepped up to him putting her hands on each of his arms, "such a resourceful man, what would I have done without you today?" She stared into his eyes and saw the longing in them. He slowly leaned in and kissed her mouth gently. She leaned into to him and felt his body grow tense. She parted his lips with her tongue and felt his body start to relax as the passion overtook his senses. Gently she started to push him backward through the doorway. Normally a man like Talwin would have stopped her, but the wine was doing its job of silencing his normal propriety. He was already becoming enamored with her, now she just had to help his passion take over.

The apartment was small and they were not far inside before his legs met the side of the bed. She broke the kiss breathing deeply, "what...what are we doing?" 

Talwin's hands encircled her waist, "We...we are just kissing," he leaned into her and she allowed him to kiss her even more deeply. She pushed herself into him more firmly and he fell backwards onto the bed taking her with him. She lay with one thigh draped over his. Continuing to kiss him deeply, she let her hand trail down his stomach towards his crotch. When she found his erect member she started rubbing it up and down through his pants. He tried half-heartedly to turn her over but she kept her weight on him as she stroked him. She broke their kiss and she started breathing heavily into his ear. She sucked in his earlobe and then dashed her tongue in and out of his ear. His moans were growing louder. He once again tried to turn her over and she quickly rubbed the under the head of his cock, teasing it with her fingers causing him to moan and give up the attempt. 

She felt his cock start to twitch as she teased the head of it and suddenly he was moaning loudly as he came, flooding his pants with come. Natia continued her teasing of his cock head until his body started jerking, the teasing causing so much pleasure it was almost torture.
