 My name is Rayne. My mother named me for the first thing in our world to touch my skin. As I grew, I realized that this was the custom amongst my people. I am of the Nightstorm Clan of the Griffonytes. I, like my father before me, will become a Knight of Tecannis; warriors dedicated to protecting the Sorcerer's Guild. 

After my coronation, I will be appointed a mage to be guardian to, until I am freed or until I die. This is the way of it. This is the way of our people.

The night of my birth, my mother flew to the top of the Earth Cradle, the sacred birthing ground for our Clan for the past six thousand years. In the heart of the storm of magic that washed over us, I was born. Normally, Griffonytes like myself will grow broad and strong, to learn the ways of the dance, of battle. 

We will grow tall and proud, and carry the title of warrior with honour. I am not like the rest of my people. My power does not end at my muscles, nor my sight. I can fly for days at a time, where others must stop to rest. I glory in the sensations of natural magic that I can feel flowing around me as I soar through the air. 

I embrace the natural energies surrounding us; the power of the earth herself. These powers are not meant for a warrior. The wizards, should they ever learn, will take my power from me. The wizards are terrified of the natural powers, the magic of earth that bore their servants, the Griffonytes, the Draconians, and the Unicretians. 

Draconians like Alyssa, Queen of the Thieves Guild, and my mentor during my younger years, when escaping the Great School meant a day of freedom on the streets, thieving and learning the tradecraft of the infamous guild. Unicretians like Kunai, the beautiful and cold Mistress of Shadows, teacher of the killing blows, and knife fighting. 

We are the Magai, creatures of magic moulded into man's shape, without his emotional control. Without his will power. Natural energies flow through me like a tidal wave, tearing apart my senses with the base, primal need for release. 

At times, I can barely stand to be in the same room as any other female, and my killer instincts are far more powerful than most of my brethren. As such, I lead a loner's life. I tried to keep away from my kin, until this aloofness brought down a simple meeting, which in turn destroyed my life.

***

Kunai shut the door behind me, and pointed to the small chair in front of her desk. Her robe barely concealed the silken white fur that covered her entire body, and it clung to her shapely form as if daring me to look at her. The lion part of my soul roared at the female's challenge to my innate superiority, and the proud eagle chorused. 

I clamped down my beak, knowing full well that my feathers were rising in anger as my lions mane ruffled in sync. Kunai's luminescent black eyes observed me coldly as I struggled with the power edging at my fingertips. I was in her school to learn to become a warrior. 

Every fibre of her supernatural being thrummed with the power churning inside me, but she barely blinked. She cleared her throat, and tossed her own pitiful mane. The silken tresses flowed down her back and cascaded down her shoulders. My eyes hungrily roamed her body, as her anger flared at my lustful gaze. 

"Rayne, I don't begin to understand every young, foolish creature that walks through my doors. But you truly baffle me, and I don't like it. Your teachers tell me you excel at almost everything you touch. Your hand to hand unarmed, knife skills, and bow skills are unmatched. You're the top of your class in the Griffonium Skills, Warfare, and Practical Guardsmanship." 

"Yet your classmates barely speak to you, most of the females in this school tell me that you constantly give off a sense of impending danger, and you've fought with virtually all your male classmates. That's eleven hundred fights, in two years. Imprisonment fails, as you merely fight your way out. You're headed for Battle Magery, for certain." 

My breathing began to quicken as I scented her skin, the soft, earthy scent filled my senses, and my tongue darted out to taste it. Kunai started, and stared. I clamped my mouth shut, and she blinked and shook her head. "Regardless, you must understand that there are more skills to learn than simply taught classes. You must develop your social skills here, in your formative years of life." She stood up, and turned away, to look out the window. 

"I realize it must be hard for you. In some way, outside of my knowledge, you have obviously become far more attuned to your bestial side than to your magic birthed humanity. I know that this must be hard for you..." 

She trailed off as she heard the click of the door to her office, as I locked it. Her eyes were confused, but I didn't care. I strode purposefully towards her, and she began to back up towards the window. "What are you...?" She never finished as my hands slipped inside her robe to grasp at her ribs. She pushed against my shoulders, but my lust was insatiable. 

"Rayne, stop, you're not thinking clearly, something's wrong..." I bent down and ripped her robe open, my eyes fixed on her taut nipples. She exuded heat like a bonfire. My eyes flicked up to hers. She shook her head. 

"It's just a phase, I..." My beak snapped down and caught one of her teats in between my sharp teeth. She gave a squeal of pleasure, then shook her head. "No, no, we can't." My tongue slithered down and caressed her nipple while I still squeezed it between the points of my beak. She sagged beneath me and began to quiver. 

My cock parted our robes unassisted, and nudged her stomach. Kunai's eyes widened as she looked down, and her hands dropped to my length in wonder. Her breath hissed out between her teeth as I continued to feast on her nipple, and my claws raked her robe down to her feet. 

Her three fingered hands snaked around to push my head down further, and I shifted my attention to her hip bones. Her Unicretian hips gyrated towards my beak as I nibbled at the sensitive skin. I felt a sudden tightness, and her hands were stroking my cock. My features turned hungry, and I growled low in my throat as she pushed me back to sit on her desk. 

She slid one hand down to spread herself wide, and the other braced herself on my shoulder as she slid her body up onto mine. I lifted and spread her ass cheeks, and with a sudden sigh, she slid onto my length. She forced herself back up, and her mouth opened in a soundless moan as she tried to put me fully inside her. 

After a moment, she stopped, and gave a sharp cry as I gave my hips a slight thrust. She bounced up to avoid my thrust, and I gave an eagle's shriek of frustration. I picked her up bodily, and she hissed in pain as I swelled inside her. She didn't move as I laid her across her desk, her hole impaled on my thick cock. 

She reached up to run her fingers through her mane as I began to slide in and out of her. I gave a lion's bark as she whinnied in pleasure, then a very undignified squeak as I pulled out of her. She laid still for an instant while I ran my hand over my length, and spat on my paw. 

Her eyes widened in comprehension a split second before I drove my cock up inside her asshole. She gasped and shook her head, but I didn't care. I was driving into her with great thrusts, making the whole desk move. She bit her lip and her hands shifted to the desk as I slammed into her with bruising force. She began to shake her head. 

"No, no, stop, it hurts." I growled and sped up my rhythm. Kunai's whinnying became frantic as I raped her, and she shut her eyes tightly and crossed her arms over her breasts. The problem with being Unicretian, of course, she had six breasts, all as small and perky as each other. 

I reached down and squeezed the nipples of her bottom two teats, and ran my thumbnail just over the tips of her supersensitized nipples. She screamed out my name and I planted my claws into her desk as I grunted in time to my thrusts. Kunai sobbed when I pulled out of her rear and plunged back into her hole. 

Fear filled my nostrils and it's intoxicating scent drove me on further, as my cock began to throb, deep within her hole. I felt the tell tale signs of my orgasm race through me; the tingle at the base of my spine, the tightening of my heavy scrotum. My pink cock was slamming in and out of Kunai's pussy, streaming out the juices that began to gather there as my cock slid into her again and again. 

I pulled out as my scalding cum began to explode out of my cock, and leapt onto the desk, forcing the head of my cock into Kunai's sobbing mouth. She choked as the tastes of her ass and her juices mingled with the metallic taste of my own juice. Her eyes glared at me in hatred, but my massive claws held her head as I fucked her mouth. 

She gagged as my scalding hot semen hit the back of her throat, and tears formed in her equine black eyes as my thickness choked her airway. Her nostrils morphed larger, becoming more horse-like as she struggled for breath and lost even the basic concentration needed to maintain her silly human features. 

My cock slowly withdrew into my sheath as I calmed, and I got off the desk. Kunai grabbed at her discarded robe and held it to her chest in a frail attempt at modest. "You raped me." Her words didn't even cut me. I shrugged as I slipped my robe back on. "You were in heat, and you know me. You wanted it." She flinched at the amusement in my voice. 

I was an animal, and made no apologies for it. She sobbed as she sank to the floor of her own office, her delusions of power swept away in a moment of heat. Her eyes turned to mine in hatred as my hand reached for the door. 

"You'll never be a Knight. I'll have you thrown out for this; the first in history. But you'll be nothing." I paused for a moment, and turned back to her. She was a pathetic shade of the pristine ice mage that had been as cold in demeanour as in power, but she knew me. I stared at her for a moment, before nodding. 

"I'm not a Knight, Kunai. I'm not much of anything, anymore. I know what I am. I'm a conduit for the powers of the elements, and of mother earth. A renegade, maybe, if I survive. The great forests to the east might hide me. For what it's worth, I never wanted to be a Knight. I just wanted to be free." 

Her hatred sickened me, but I knew I deserved it. There was a liberating freedom in acknowledging your own destiny. I was a half human, half griffon with immense power linked to natural sorcery. My tale was far from finished. I shut the door behind me and threw away the farce of a students robe. My natural nakedness was a proud statement in itself. 

My legs were the powerful pouncing legs of a great hunting cat. As the magic swirled within me, they were already changing from the tawny gold of a showy cat to the mottled black of a hunting panther. The white feathers coating my head and my glorious wings were slowly bursting into mottled browns and blacks. 

A hunting hawk's keen eyes surveyed my surroundings. My mother dead, my father naught but a slight memory, and my life in tatters, the forest beckoned me from afar. I could hear it's call, and I took to the air through the centuries old skylight. A spear buzzed under my wing in spiteful anger as the shot fell short, and I spread my wings, welcoming the long denied explosion of magic from my body. 

A shockwave of raw, magical energy flew out over the school, and the guards watching me warily. The darkness claimed me, and I began to rain down lighting and fire on the pitiful fools beneath me. 

They tried to take to the air to dance with me, but the winds howled to my screeched call, buffeting them down. I felt the deaths of three as the plummeted back to the battlements, wings torn and broken in the howling rage of my storm. 

I looked to the east, and the green of the Dark Forest. Beneath me, the city that had been my home sprawled beneath me. There were shouts from the streets as my wings spread once more, and I flew through the air towards the Thieves Guild. One more stop to make, and I would be in the Dark Forest.

Alyssa was peering out her window like a foolish girl when I dove through, lifting her up and slamming her against the wall. Her black scales clicked as she braced herself for another blow, but I stood in front of her, feeling the energies flow around me as I stared at her. All her teasing at my awkward advances as a child came to me like a vision of challenge. 

She was sin and lust and temptation incarnate, from her entrancing eyes to her sinuous tail. Her lips were parted as she licked the air nervously. My beak snapped at the air in front of me as she gripped the handle of the whip at her side. 

I held out a hand, and she was lifted off the ground in a haze of pink. Her eyes widened, but her body didn't answer her calls. I strode around her, my claws clicking on the marble floors as I paced around her. My cock eased out of its sheath between my thighs as I looked her slinky form up and down. Her enticing look gave her the upper hand in her dealings with foolish men, and adolescents, but I was no longer either. 

My eyes locked with hers, and the pink haze surrounding her bled into green as my thoughts overrode hers. She shut her eyes and shook her head forcibly, then opened them with a small squeak as I crooked a finger, causing the field surrounding her to penetrate her momentarily. 

She gagged and her hands pressed to the side of her head as I imposed my will on her. I felt her walls collapse as I stimulated her; she couldn't stand the pressure of my mind and my will at once, not with my magic flooding her senses with pleasure. At once, the field holding her vanished, and she fell to the floor. 

She had barely gotten to her knees when she crawled to me, kissing and suckling at the head of my cock. She was stroking it, worshiping it as I had worshipped her. She looked up at me as she slid one hand up and down my shaft, and another towards my rear. I watcher her as she dropped the hand on my shaft to undo the laces of her bodice. 

When her hand drifted lower, I slapped her with an open palm, and blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. She wiped if from her mouth and sucked it off her finger, her eyes lighting up in pleasure. Coating her finger in her saliva, she slowly trailed it towards my ass, and I moved forwards. Her finger slipped inside me as I fucked her mouth. 

Her dragon tongue slipped around my shaft several times and squeezed as she fingered me. I moved my hips as she nudged my cock towards her mouth. She began to rub her thighs together, and I slapped her again. Her hand left my ass in an instant, and Alyssa held the side of her face in shock, even as my imposed will drove her to pleasure me further. 

My shaft swelled under her attentions, and I pushed her away. She stood, uncertain; the need for my cock obviously paining her. I teased her fingertips with it, and she ran to the bed and lay face down on it. I walked up, and she reached behind her and spread her cheeks wide, opening both her holes to my meat. 

"Oh, please, Rayne, baby please, I need it, what you've done to me, I want it, I need...it hurts, why aren't you inside me?" I growled at her to be silent, and formed a fist with my massive paw. I pushed my fingers into her dry hole with difficulty, and her head arced to the side as she moaned in pain. 

My hand formed a fist and I pushed my whole hand inside her as she gave a shriek of pain, followed by a sob. "Oh, fuck me baby, I need you so bad, stop teasing me, fuck me hard, gods, Rayne, I NEED YOU!" I twisted my hand inside her and pulled it out as she screamed in pain. I replaced it a moment later with all eleven inches of my three inch wide cock. 

My torturous mentor screamed again in pain as I drove myself into her again and again. My Draconian slut begged me to keep fucking her in between her screams of pain as I pushed my length into her. Her juices poured down her thighs and pooled at her knees. 

I smelt blood as my harsh treatment finally split her, and Alyssa screamed. Her reptilian body was heating up quickly, and my scalding hot cum was beginning to churn in my balls. She bit her lip, her sharp teeth drawing blood as my cock swelled inside her. I heard a pounding at the door, and a female voice called out the Guild mistress's name. 

Alyssa groaned as I pulled her head out of the pillow and pointed it to the door. Alyssa snarled. "Go away! It's..." She screamed in pain as I shoved up inside her, pushing down on her slim shoulders. The door gave a lurch as the guard thumped against it, then moved open, as it was apparently unlocked. 

The young woman who entered was a Felenial, her cat like eyes entrancingly wide as she took in the scene before her. She backed up to the door and slid the bolt in place as I continued to rape force my cock up into her boss. Alyssa moaned, her eyes closed. I pulled back on her short wiry hair and beckoned to the cat, who nodded numbly as my will began to seep into hers. 

She knelt behind me and began to suckle at my balls. Her tongue darted up to lick at my ass, and I began to grunt as my orgasm rose again. Alyssa whimpered and hissed as I pulled out of her, and quickly turned, eager for my cum. 

I slashed my claws across her face as I turned to the Felenial. Alyssa shrieked in rage as my cum raged out of my huge meat and over the porcelain features of the cat beneath me. Her hands reached up to milk my cock, and I leant back as her rough tongue slid around the base of my head, my steaming cum oozing out and into her mouth. 

Alyssa pushed herself off of the wall and wrenched the cat to her mouth, her tongue sucking up any of the cum the cat had missed, then pushed into the cats mouth. The two of them were heavily kissing each other when I strode to the window. 

I ceased my gaze with a thought, and the two thieves looked at each other in shock. They were both breathing heavily, and Alyssa turned to the window. My mocking laughter filled the room as I leapt from the window sill, towards the east, and the Dark Forest.

To be Continued...