 Angelica tried to keep her focus on the report in front of her. She had been reviewing information all morning on what was going on throughout the duchy of Eandar. While she did enjoy many aspects of being the High Mother of the Goddess for the temple in Eandar, sometimes sifting through the direction of things within duchy became overwhelming. Likely she had just been at it too long and her eyes needed a rest. The recent change in the relationship between the temple and the crown had set a series of events in motion. The temple had to act fast to utilize its new power and move to assert more control before the Order of Pious could counteract any moves she might initiate. 

There was a soft knock on her door, "come," she said in response. Tiana entered the room in her initiate dress. It was white and very form fitting. It showed more leg and had a deeper neckline than a dress that was worn by a full priestess. All initiates had to learn to be proud of their bodies. Being comfortable in their own skin was the first step in exuding the confidence and sexiness that made a woman truly represent the Goddess. The confidence was the key to the appeal. Men were drawn to confident women, at least the kind the Temple tried to draw in.

"Yes Tiana," she questioned as the girl approached her desk.

"High Mother, your appointment for this morning has arrived," the reference was to Lord Dallantine. The house of Dallantine was one of the largest property holders in the duchy which she was going to need in the coming months. She had made a request from Odeon for a garrison to be established in Eandar for the Knights Militant. The Knights were the enforcement arm of the Temple and until now their presence was strictly prohibited within the kingdom. Now with Duke Gorin doing the bidding of the Goddess that restriction had been lifted and Angelica planned to take advantage of it.

"Very good Tiana," she paused for a moment before deciding she should use this visit as an opportunity to help Tiana with her training, "why don't you join us child. I think you will find it helpful to see how different priestesses handle our patrons. My style of taking an offering might be different than that of your instructors."

Tiana's face took on a thoughtful look before she spoke, "High Mother I thought this was a formal meeting..."

Angelica laughed softly, "Oh dear, Lord Dallantine would not have brought the contracts in person if he was not eager to see me in person and give his offering to the Goddess." She leaned back in her chair smiling at Tiana, "Ustes and I have known each other for a long time. Since I was elevated to High Mother I no longer assist in offerings, but he has come to learn that a direct request is rarely refused, especially when one is performing a service to the Temple."

Tiana smiled briefly before nodding to Angelica and turning to leave the room. Angelica reached down and pulled open a drawer on the right side of her desk. She pulled out a jewel encrusted belt. It was an offering harness. The offering rooms had blocks where men would kneel before being restrained as they were milked. The harness accomplished the same thing, it was convenient for meetings held away from the Temple. There were loops on each side and below the buckle there were several leather straps lined with small rubies. She stood from her desk just as Tiana returned with Lord Dallantine in tow.

Ustes Dallantine was a tall slender man with dark hair and blue eyes. He was in his late thirties. His physique was lean and he had walked with a quiet confidence. Angelica knew him to be one of the finer duelists among the nobles in Eandar. Many of the nobles had an unspoken status they attributed to each other based on their particular abilities with a sword.

He passed Tiana and stood before her desk giving a flourish and bow, "High Mother," he said with a smile.

"Ustes," she smiled at him, always the gentleman, "so good to see you."

"I heard of the Temple's need High Mother and believe I have found a suitable location for a barracks, though I have also brought you two other locations that may meet your needs."

Such a capable man Angelica thought to herself as he handed her three folded scrolls he pulled from a leather satchel he carried with him. She took the scrolls in one hand while holding up her other hand which contained the belt she had retrieved from her desk, "shall we talk of the other reason for your visit?"

The tall confident man in front of her blushed in response to her comment, "High Mother," he bowed his head slightly, "you know me too well. Am I so transparent?"

Angelica set down the scrolls before walking around her desk and taking him by the hand, "not transparent Ustes," she smiled up at him, "just a virile man who is compelled by his need to please the Goddess." She led him to a couch which was situated against the back wall of her office. "Tiana be a dear and help Ustes disrobe," she sat down on the couch and watch as the young woman moved up and started slowly removing his clothing. Tiana's hands deftly removed his clothing, casually caressing him as she did. Lord Dallantine looked from Tiana to Angelica throughout the process. Angelica was happy to let his mind wander about what was about to happen.

Offerings to the Goddess had to either be taken through the use of an enchanted item, such as the belt she held, or could be taken via intercourse with a full priestess. The release was important as it exposed the man. His soul lay bare and the energy he released at that moment was harnessed by the Goddess, her power enhanced by it. Tiana was not yet initiated so the belt was going to be used today. While Angelica did admire the man's body somewhat, once she had taken a man under her wing, she no longer engaged in vaginal sex with them. She saved intercourse for just one of her dedicated. Many a priestess simply called them slaves, but Angelica never liked the term. In her mind, they all served the Goddess.

Tiana finished undressing him, he stood naked in front of her as she looked his body over. His cock was almost fully erect. She always enjoyed watching a well-trained man respond when standing naked in front of her female superiority. "Please put on the harness Tiana," she handed it to Tiana who moved behind him and deftly fastened it around his waist. She took each arm and secured them to his sides with the leather straps on the sides of the belt. Pressing her body up against him she reached down in front and slowly secured the leather straps around the base of his scrotum and the base his cock.

Angelica leaned forward taking a hold of his cock and pulled him towards the couch, "sit down Ustes," he sat next to her on the couch, "that's a good boy." She looked up at Tiana, "Tiana please bring me some Xantha extract," the girl walked to a small table by the door and retrieved a jar that was filled with white paste. The Xantha plant produced a sap that was an excellent lubricant. Needless to say, all temples had an ample supply of it. 

Angelica took the offered jar from Tiana and took a small measure of the extract from the jar and started to rub it up and down Ustes' hard cock. His eyes closed and he started taking deep breaths in response to her touch. She looked at Tiana who stood watching them and gave her a look that said observe, "yessss," she purred, "such a good boy," her tone was no longer formal. It was seductive yet condescending. She was his superior and this was how she let him know she was in charge. She spoke for the Goddess, and the Goddess demanded service.

"Does that feel good honey? Is mommy making you feel good?" His chest heaved as he attempted to catch his breath. He nodded his head as he gasped from her hand's movement on his cock. She kept stroking him, building his orgasm up which was being held back by the leather strap cinched around the base of his scrotum. Once she had him worked up enough she would release the strap allowing him to orgasm. "Ohhh mommy's hand feels so good doesn't it? Mommy's naughty hand makes you feel so good baby," his arms were straining at his sides as his moans were getting more frequent. "That's it, get down on your knees baby," he slid down to his knees from where he sat on the couch. Angelica moved around behind him. She reached back in front and begin working his cock over with her hand, she rubbed the length of his shaft before stopping to tease the head of his cock by making an "o" with her thumb and forefinger. Her breath was hot up against his ear as she continued taunting him, "is it too much for you baby? Is mommy's hand too much for your cock to handle?" He yelped as she teased his head again. She felt his hips thrusting against her hand in a vain attempt to make himself ejaculate.

"Oh you want to cum sooo bad baby," she stopped her stroking and held her hand firms as he slid his cock back and forth. "That's right baby, fuck mommy's hand. My pussy would be too much for you to handle, wouldn't it? Besides, my hand feels so good right now." His moans were starting to become whimpers. His frustration was mounting as he continued thrusting. He was losing steam, the delayed orgasm was taking away his strength, "oh getting so weak...your need to cum makes you so weak for mommy." She started to rub his cock again as he laid his body back against her.

"Oh that's it my good boy," her hand started to stroke him faster as he started to whimper with every stroke. "You've given in to mommy sweetie," she reached down with her other hand and massaged his balls which were taut and ready to release, "mommy is breaking you down for the Goddess, and now it is time to give yourself over to her." She stopped caressing his balls and pulled on the strap at the base of his scrotum as her hand pumped his shaft. Ustes cried out, "yessss...that's it...cum my good boy." He shot rope after rope of cum onto the floor. Angelica continued pumping his cock. She slowed her strokes and kept milking his cock, "that's it, give in to the Goddess." She kept stroking him trying to coax any remaining cum out of him. His cock was so sensitive the pleasure he was feeling felt more like torture. His body squirmed from her strokes. Several of the rubies on the belt started to glow softly. Angelica smiled, knowing the Goddess was growing in power.

She looked to Tiana and motioned to the door with her head indicating the girl should leave and return with someone to clean up Ustes' offering. There were times when Angelica would make her admirers clean up their own mess but this one deserved a reward for what he had brought her today. She kept slowly stroking his cock, "oh sweet boy...mommy has made you feel so good. You serve me so well and when you do mommy gives you pleasure." She stopped stroking his cock and began gently caressing his body. He sighed and kept leaning into her.

She continued to comfort him until Tiana returned with a man in tow who carried a warm wet rag. The man wore only a loincloth and had a leather collar around his neck. Tiana moved in front of Ustes and removed the harness before taking the rag from the man in the collar and began to clean Ustes gently with the rag. Angelica smiled as she saw his cock start to harden again as Tiana cleaned it. Angelica walked back over to her desk as Tiana motioned the man to get down on his knees to clean the mess up from the floor. The man was one of the guards she had gone to speak with Gorin about. Angelica watched with satisfaction as the man licked the floor clean of the mess Ustes had made. Rapists, in her mind, deserved worse, however Gorin suggested they be punished and then incorporated into her new unit of Knights Militant. She would take her time having them broken down before the Knights arrived and built them back up. 

Ustes had recovered and began to put his clothes back on while Angelica unrolled one of the scrolls he had brought her. She looked over the building location in this report. There were schematics with detailed notes on the current structure and also suggested changes to make it more suitable for the Temple's needs. She watched Ustes dress himself, "these are wonderful Ustes. The Temple appreciates your service to the Goddess."

"Of course, High Mother," he did not display the same confidence as when he first entered her office. It was normal when taking an offering, if done the right way, for a man to be even more humble immediately after his cock was milked. She loved to refer herself as mommy when she stroked them. None ever did anything but moan louder every time she said the word. Angelica always loved breaking them down. She loved that moment of vulnerability the milking brought about. No matter how strong the man was, they were all brought to their knees as their climax took them. That was the power the Goddess had over these men. That was the power all women had, if only they all understood as much.

"Tiana," she said to the girl who stood to the side having finished cleaning up.

"Yes High Mother," she responded.

"I think Lord Dallantine might wish to give us another offering," she smiled at Ustes as his face had a look of slight panic before he turned to look at Tiana. "Be a dear and take him to one of the offering rooms to assist him with his worship."

"Yes High Mother," she turned and walked to stand next to Ustes.

"Lord Dallantine," she smiled at him as her hand slid up his inner thigh finding his cock through his pants, "won't you accompany me?" He only nodded as his cock started to harden under the young initiates hand until she could take a hold of it and lead him toward the door.

"Thank you again Lord Dallantine," Angelica said smiling at Ustes as he looked at her one last time. "Fear not Ustes, Tiana shows much promise," was the last thing she said before the door closed behind them.

*****************************************************************

Janovic Mallister walked down the hallway raising his right hand, gesturing in the symbol of the Almighty every time he passed someone as they bowed their heads towards him. His standing on the council meant the only one he bowed to anymore was the Patriarch. He was on his way back to his chambers after leaving a council meeting where the discussion had centered around the new garrison of Knights Militant that was being established in Eandar. The old duke had allowed the Temple of the Goddess to have a presence in his kingdom, but never its armed followers. The Order of Pious had been established in Eandar almost two thousand years ago. Their order of Paladins had fought wars for the crown and as such, had long ago established a place for itself within the kingdom. There was even a time in the distant past when they fought to protect the fledgling followers of the Goddess. That however, was a brief period in a long history of contention between the two religious groups.

The hostility was never out in the open. Religious orders never openly opposed one another in vying for followers. It had been hundreds of years since the kingdom of Aramast would tolerate any conflict based on one god or goddess over another. A holy war had almost torn the kingdom apart. The Sanctimonious Brotherhood, originally known only as the Brotherhood had attempted a coup. Their quest for dominance had led to a war that killed thousands. Their beliefs had changed to one that believed in a call to a higher power to one that believed their beliefs made them a higher power. The Order played a large part in ridding the kingdom of the Brotherhood. It was Janovic's desire to do the same to the Temple of the Goddess.

Eandar being one of the oldest duchies in the Kingdom only meant operating in stealth was all the more important. In Janovic's mind the Order of Pious had grown complacent and weak over time. He watched in disgust as the Temple's star seemed to rise as his order slowly fell by the wayside. He would not stand for it. The Patriarch was old, his time would soon end. Janovic was working to solidify his position for when the next Patriarch would need to be chosen. Once he held the mantle, the Order would once again rise to glory.

After a long walk from the council chambers, he was finally approaching his quarters. Being a member of the Cadre, he had large living quarters with a reception area manned by a priest of the Order who acted as his personal secretary. The Cadre was the Order's name for the council that the Patriarch met with to direct how the Order was run. Mansel rose from his desk as Janovic approached, "Ah Cad Mallister," his eyes drifted to the door of Janovic's chambers, "you have...a visitor." His demeanor and the quiet voice with which he spoke could only mean it was an informant or possibly Silas.

His need for information had led him to create a network throughout the kingdom. Silas was a man of many talents, some of which were not welcomed by the Order, but necessary when one was in a position of power, at least if that person planned to keep it. Janovic himself had sought greater power through means outside of the order. A power that would allow him to return strength to the Order. 

Most information came to him through Silas, but he had a few key informants that reported to him directly. While having someone to handle his outside operations was necessary, he never liked to put too much control in the hands of one person.

He opened the door to his sleeping chambers. The room was large with a four-poster bed bracketed by two nightstand tables situated on one side and a sitting area with chairs and a couch on the other behind which was a large bookcase. He had large windows and a terrace which gave him a view of most of the city. Waiting in a chair in the sitting area was an attractive woman with red hair wearing a white gown. She stood when he entered the room and bowed to him as the door closed behind him. He looked the woman over, her narrow waist and ample hips were put on display by her tight-fitting gown. Her ample bosom looked like it might burst out at any moment. Her proud nose gave her a regal look. As with all women of the Temple, her beauty was undeniable. Even priestesses who might not be striking, all possessed a sexuality that made them hard to resist. This one however, was his creature.

"Natia," he walked over to stand in front of her, "what have you brought me today?"

She was tall for a woman, but did not quite reach Janovic's shoulder. She looked up at him before seeming to think better of it and lower her gaze to the floor, "master," she said quietly, "I bring you news of great importance."

"Good child," he said reaching out to caress her face. She flinched at the feel of his touch. His fingers felt like fire against her. No power the Order could give would equal the strength he possessed. "What is it you wish to tell me?"

"The Knights Militant master," her voice got louder as she spoke, her eagerness to please him making her excited, "they are going to be allowed within the duchy."

Janovic tsked, "this is old news to me now Natia," he took his hand away, "I hope you have not wasted my time for this."

Her shoulders slumped, "Master I...," she paused as if weighing what to say next, "there is something else...something out of place."

"Oh," his eyebrows raised as his curiosity was piqued.

"The High Mother...she went to see the Duke."

"Something else I already know child," he shook his head, "Gorin is likely her supplicant now. That is the only thing that would have changed the crown's mind about the Knights Militant."

"That is what I mean master," she looked up at him eyes widening, "she informed a few of us that the Duke was not to be treated like out normal slaves. He...he is to be treated with deference by us."

Janovic tumbled over what Natia had said in his mind. Not in thrall to the High Mother yet his views towards the Goddess had changed from disdain to acceptance. That did not make sense unless..."has he come to the Temple to give offering?" 
