 Chapter 2: Darkness Gathers

I soared into the Dark Forest on the wings of the storm of my own magic. My magic swirled around me, steadying me in the vast winds of the storm and telling me everything of the land I flew over. My skin, the colour of midnight, shone in the lightning flashes and I knew myself for the God I was. I was not only a creation of magic, I was magic itself. 

My sense informed me that below, out of sight from the air, a group of elves had gathered. I dove, striking through the canopy with a burst of raw magical energy. As soon as I spotted them, I knew them for the dark elves they were. Five of them, all fully armed and robed in what looked like acolyte wear for the priestesses of Drachmae, Spider Queen of the Dark Forest. 

My beak snapped in contempt as my eagle's wings landed me on my black lion's paws. The five elves looked at me for barely a second, and bowed their heads to the earth. A movement off to the side caught my eye, and I noticed a wood elf, her clothing torn and her skin burnt with desecrations, the foul runes of the Spider Queen. 

My magic swirled around me as I looked down on the five dark elves. "Rise, warriors of magic," I bade them. "Rise, and worship me." The priestess's looked at each other for a moment, then hands began to grip weapon hilts. 

"My lord, we are acolytes of the Spider Queen. It is she who demands our worship." 

I laughed at their foolishness. "The Spider Queen would already be on her knees in front of me, begging me to take her. I am magic made flesh, and a living God. Not some mere thought or legend. I am real. Touch me, elves. Know me for what I am." 

The wood elf stared in shocked fascination as the dark elves began to inch forwards. I delved into their minds, but their torture of the wood elf had already aroused them, and they needed no encouragement. My cock began to grow in front of me, and slid out of my sheath slowly to push towards the nearest. Her eyes widened and her mouth opened, but she was batted aside by another, her eyes focused on the bobbing head in front of her. 

Another crawled around and under my legs to suckle at my balls. The one that had been batted away rose and began to kiss my chest, her fingers running along my chest as I began to twist her nipples. As three of the dark elves worshipped my loins and ass, the other two fought for my attention with kisses and licks. 

I pushed them together, and they were only too happy to begin on each other. Soon, I felt the feelings of an orgasm, and pushed the elf away from my cock. She began to play with herself in anticipation, but I grabbed the one suckling at my ass and shifted her to the front. 

I pushed her face into the other one's crotch, and began to play with her opening. After she was settled into licking the other elf out, I pushed into her, to her dismay. She cried out and I thrust hard, to which she screamed. She turned around and slashed, her claws raking my belly. My magic was unleashed in my sudden fury, and her smoking corpse fell away from my still hard cock. 

I picked another and began again, as this one was shocked to the core by my power. She cried out as well, but didn't react as I began to rape her in earnest. Her hand drifted down to play with herself, and I beckoned to another of the elves to satisfy her. 

She began to moan as the other elf sat on her face, and yet another nestled between her split legs. My eyes focused on the wood elf cowering terrified by the sudden orgy that had sprung up around her. I began to lick my lips as she sobbed. Her fear made it's way over to my nostrils, and I inhaled it deeply. She rightfully feared my power, and this intoxicated me. 

I steadily raped the elf beneath me, even as she began to moan. I knew she was trying to get something from me, some of my power. This foolish dark elf believed that when I came, my powers would be weakened. My beak turned upwards at the edges as I grinned. 

She was nothing to me, and my powers would never be weakened. The dark elves were drunk with lust, for me and for my power, as they continued to pleasure me. My wings spread and I used them to further my thrusts. The elf I was raping was pushed face first into the one she was servicing, and soon, she was unconscious. 

My rape of her continued until I could feel the beginnings of my climax. I pulled out of the limp body and the dark elves gathered at my knees to be blessed. My fisted myself faster and faster, and teased their lips and cheeks with the bulbous head. They fought for the right to receive it first, and I came, blasting their faces with my cum. 

White, stringy ropes of it burst out from the head, and coated the panting elves' faces. I smirked at them and their eyes lit with fires of hatred. I stood as strong and as powerful as before. One of the elves ducked back and grabbed her sword, but my magic seized her and tore her to pieces. The other elves bowed down low, their faces still dripping with my seed. 

My cock slowly slid back into it's sheath, and I looked back at the wood elf. She was staring at me in terror. I strode towards her and picked her up in my arms. She whimpered in fear, but didn't fight me. I looked back at the dark elves kneeling in the earth. 

"I will return, and you will be ready. Gather forces for the destruction of the wizards to the west. Prepare for war." The elves bowed low and began to gather their things. I spread my wings and took to the air, with the wood elf still cradled in my arms.

I chose a high, rocky outcrop overlooking the dark forest as my nest. I dumped the wood elf on the ground and turned to look out over the deceptive calm of the great forest. I felt the magic swirling around within me, begging for release. I looked down at the wood elf, who was staring at me, her eyes wise and glistening with tears. 

I looked away from their damning depths, and she spoke. "And lo, the beast will come and take her from the pain of killing shadows, only to be torn asunder by his raw power. And lo, will her heart be torn again, as his love becomes hers, and their love shall reign." I sniffed. 

"Silence, elf. None of your sight or magic helped you from the..." I paused as her words hit home. The beast will come and take her from the killing shadows. I snarled and she flinched. She was nothing to me, frail and weak. She might have been beautiful, once, but the ugliness of the dark elves and their rites had scarred her, and her blood caked her features. 

I looked away, pretending apathy. I heard the silken sound of her flesh as she stood and stepped beside me, her head bowed. "You are a God among them, even among your own kind. I couldn't stop you if you wanted to kill me, or consume me. So what will you do, my Lord?" 

There was a quiet dignity about her, an ethereal quality that was intangible. I crossed my arms, feeling the winds stir around us. I didn't answer, until I felt her fingertips touch the inky fur on my chest. I stepped back with an oath, staring at her in disbelief. She wore a small smile. 

"You can fight against the powers you wield, my lord. You aren't entirely changed, yet. You are only in the grip of the ecstasy the powers bring you. You're becoming their slave, not their will. You have tremendous power, and how you use it still resides within you." 

I shook my head, still in disbelief. Then I focused on her eyes once more. 

There was something strange about their focus, the way that they moved minutely, tracking something. I realized with a shock that she was blind, and I stood. She blinked, and stepped back, her foot slipping off of the cliff top. 

Her eyes widened in terrified comprehension as she realized where she was, and her hands reached out imploringly to me, even as she disappeared over the cliff face. I cursed and dove after her, my wings folding to me, sleekly enfolding my body so that the wind slipped around me, rather than against me. The elf was screaming in terror as she fell, and suddenly she was in my arms. 

My wings spread, and I felt the ache deep within my back as the air slammed up into them. I beat them strongly, though, and my magic aided me as I rose. When my feet touched the escarpment, I released her, but she clung to me, still terrified. The distant scent of morning rain reached my nostrils, and I arced my head back. 

She was staring at my chest, though no doubt she couldn't see the darkness before her. My mind wandered back to the forest when I had first seen her, and the terror at my actions. It was unknown, what was happening before her; that was why she was terrified. I studied the two runes the dark elves had burned into her cheeks, and they read as blind, and dark. 

The elves had killed her sight. I concentrated hard, and ran my fingertips along the runes, tracing them with one claw. The elf quivered at my touch, but didn't scream. Whether she felt what I was trying to do, or was still shocked at her fall and rescue, I'll never know. Ice trailed my claw, filling in the scars of the burning runes, and hardening to glistening diamonds. 

The runes glowed brightly, and tears began to seep from the elf's eyes. She gasped as they hardened, shifting through the silken softness of her unlined skin. Her hands spread wide and power cracked from her. She reached up to trace the new runes. "Power of Earth and...what is the other one?" 

I smiled, though she couldn't see. "Position, I guess it translates as, Awareness Position. So you'll always know where you are, and what's around you, even if you cannot see it." She reached up to touch my beak, and ran her hands down the back of my head, and trailed her fingertips along my spine. I suppressed a shiver, then snarled. 

She drew her hand back as though burned, and her smile was small and wondering. "Why did you do this, Rayne?" I stared at her for a moment. 

"How did you know my name?" She gave that small wondering smile again, and brought a hand up to her lips. 

"Because I've dreamt of you, and when you would come, ever since those elves first stole me away, twenty years ago. And because I feel you, here in front of me now...I can know your soul with a touch, just like what you gave me..." 

I scoffed, then stepped back a pace, uncertain. Of course she was probably telling the truth, but it was of course not the sort of thing one ever expects to hear. I gestured to the cliff face. "So you don't run off on me and fall down a cliff, that's all. Nothing benevolent." She nodded, a smug expression on her face. I felt my mane rise in anger, and her face fell. 

"Then be done with me and leave me." I raised a hand to her, and she lifted her chin, knowing the blow was coming, and accepting it. I stared at her, suddenly ashamed, as though just waking up. I looked in the distance, at the spiralling towers of the city I had spurned, and shook my head. 

"How did you do this?" The elf lowered her head. "I'm of the woods, even the woods around us. I have magic, of a kind. The magic of simple nature, nature of the world, and the nature of her creations." I growled low in my throat, as the eagle rescinded, and the panther that was the other part of me rose, my features melting into a parody of a panther's maw than the harsh beak of an eagle. 

I sniffed at her, and knelt in front of her, even as she followed suit. I stared at her, and traced a clawed hand down her jaw line, and under her chin. My breath caught in my throat, and a rueful smile twisted my lips. "It is a powerful magic you have, elf." 

She smiled and closed her eyes. "My name is Kyandriallana. And I'm not afraid. I know what you intend to do with me." 

I smiled back at her and let my hand drop. "I feel like I've woken up from a dream. I know what I intended to do to you...but..." Her head tilted to the side, and she reached forwards hesitantly, resting her fingertips lightly on my furred chest. My wings beat a restless counterpoint as my nervousness ran high for the first time since I stepped into the head mistress's office. 

My mind reached back, but I could hardly even remember her name. "Kunai..." Ky whispered, her wondrous smile curving her pale lips. "And your lust still races through you, Rayne. Merely...no...not lust...wonder...you feel wonder for me..." 

Her eyes opened as I leant back, suddenly afraid. She reached forwards, her eyes searching for mine, not knowing I was staring at her. "Shh, it's okay... it'll be okay...shhh..." I frowned as I felt the emotions raging through me. I was terrified of this young elf, but she was right, I wanted her too. But I didn't want to take her, like she was nothing more than a vessel for me to use. I wanted her to want me, I wanted her to be willing, not just compelled. 

I stared at her. "What happens now?" 

Ky shrugged. "You'll rape me, or kill me, or both. And you'll never remember me. Because that's what you're supposed to do. It's why you can't remember Kunai, or even the faces of the elves you took, barely an hour ago. Because it's who you are." 

I shook my head and growled. "It's not anymore. I don't want to forget you..." I broke off as she smiled prettily. 

"That's sweet. And I think you're still a kind person, buried under the power." She reached out to touch my face again, and smiled to herself as I nuzzled her hand. A single tear dropped onto the diamond rune on her cheek, the one I had created on the spot so she could have her awareness back, if not her sight. 

"I always dreamt you would come and kill me after using me, not that you'd be torn up about it. I've had twenty years to get used to it, Rayne. It's ok." I drew her to my arms, and felt her breath against my chin. 

"I don't want to be that way in your eyes." She kissed me then, her hands gently cradling my jaw, even as my hands ran softly down her body to her hips. I slowly drew the rags from her body, and cast them away. Her lips curved into a smile as I enfolded her in my arms. 

The lust still burned in me, but it was like a forgotten dream, almost something that was simply present, not driving. I felt myself grow hard, and Ky gasped when I rose between us. My cock slid from it's sheath, and her lithe body pressed against mine. I tried to roll over the top of her, but her hands steadied her on the ground, and she stayed atop me, even as she kiss me. 

She arched up, and then slid back down my body as I slid into her. I met resistance, and broke her. At her cry of pain, my shaft softened a bit. Ky took a deep breath, and bit her lip, and I turned away at the pain on her face. When I looked back, her eyes were desperately searching for my face, as though she wanted to see my expression. This was something far more than simple sex. I felt her move around me, and I grew hard again. 

Ky kissed me again, and I knew with absolute certainty that this was nothing short of ethereal, like Ky herself. She moved around me and squeezed, and I returned in kind, my lips lowering to suckle at her neck and shoulder. Ky moaned as my length began to thrust deeply inside of her. 

She held me to her body as we moved together, neither one moving more than the other, neither one in control, simply responding to what was happening. I watched her as she held her eyes closed, savouring the feelings. I tasted the woods and the wild rains on her silk, and closed my own eyes, wanting to feel what she felt. 

In the darkness, my senses reeled with pleasure as she slid up and down my shaft, our combined heat making us sweat. My cheek slid against hers, and I felt the diamond runes scrape across my chin as I lifted her face to mine. I kissed her deeply, and we stopped moving. 

I was lost in the kiss for what seemed like an eternity, the taste of her mouth like a freshwater spring to a drowning man. Ky twisted around me, and I let an explosive breath out. I crushed her to me and began to thrust up into her heat. Ky moaned loudly as we made love, and began to push down onto my length as she rode me. 

She leant back, so far back, offering her breasts to me. I captured them in my mouth, one after the other, and worshipped her for the creature of wonder she was. My breath was ragged in my throat as she vocalized her feelings in a primal moan. I held her to me tighter, and tighter, wanting so badly to become the peace and wisdom to her that she suddenly was to me. 

She convulsed suddenly, throwing her arms around me and squeezing me within her. She pulsed several times, and shook with the force raging through her. I stopped moving, content to hold her. She raised her head after a moment, and kissed me gently. There were tears in her eyes. I kissed them from her cheeks and stroked the back of her head softly. 

She buried her head in my shoulder and her arms slid around my neck. I nestled into the fragrance of her body, and her skin, and tried to shush her stifled sobs. "I don't want to die..." she murmured into my shoulder. I pushed her forwards, and smiled as I kissed her gently. 

"You won't. Not for a long, long time. I can't kill you, Ky." Her eyes widened. "But..." I shushed her again, and laid back, dragging her with me. As I moved inside of her, she gave a low moan, and I felt myself still rigid inside of her. I began to move my cock back and forth as Ky gasped in pleasure. 

As I moved inside of her, I felt her begin to respond. She leant back as my rhythm increased, and I felt her hand press against my thrusting loins. The pressure against my balls increased, and I began to lose control, thrusting up inside of her with gusto, the lust finally taking me. 

I grabbed hold of her hips as I came, blasting my heat up inside of her with jerks and pulses of my cock. Ky gasped as she bounced, and bit her lip as she gripped her breasts as she climaxed again. I collapsed back to the earth below us, and Ky slid to my side. My cock slid out of her, landing on my stomach with a wet thud. 

She reached down and ran her hands up and down my length, moist with her own juice. As her light fingers stroked and curled around it, my cock pulsed a few more times, and a droplet of my side appeared at the head of my cock. Ky squeezed, and it dribbled down onto my chest as I moaned. 

"I'll not have you die, Ky." I said, my breath ragged in my throat. She stared at me and nestled into the crook of my neck. "Then let's leave here. Let's just go, Rayne." I nodded, and looked at the setting sun. Two days ago, I was a slightly above average student with problems in concentration. Today, I was a God of Magic, a personage of pure, raw magic and natural lust. 

I looked down at Ky, in my arms, then at the sun as it disappeared over the horizon, and my skin was darkness like the shadows around us. Maybe tomorrow I would be something else. Maybe tomorrow, I would be some kind of balance between the two.