 She found herself in a tub of warm soapy water, it smelled of lavender, and something she could not figure it out. 

“Hello my dear.” the man said.

She looked up to find three men standing there. She was not afraid. She felt herself standing up as one man held out his hand to her. Taking his hand, he lead her into the bedroom, which had no bed or anything else, but a long narrow bench and cushion. 


She lay down on it and one by one the men kissed her. Thanking her. Then one by one the undressed and stood in front of her. All their cocks were on the large side. Some bigger than others, but none that she would turn away if they offer her them. 

“Hi, I am Frank, I am here to help you get ready.” he said, then leaned down and his hands caressed her face.

She reached up and caressed his cock, wrapping her finger around it and bring it down to her mouth. She licked the tip over and over again, she heard his moans, and then she felt him push deeper in her mouth. She took his cock, and sucked him till he shot his cum down her throat. He stepped back smiling at her. 

“Hi I am James, and I am here to get you ready for tonight.” he said, as his hands closed around her tits. 

He pinched each nipple, making it hard, then lowered his mouth, licking each hard bud before taking it in his mouth. He lifted his mouth and straddled her chest laying his hard cock between her tit’s. His hand closed on them and he slowly move his cock back and forth, till he exploded all over her face. He stepped back and smiled at her.

“Hi, I am Fido, I am here to get you ready for tonight also.” he said, kneeling down between her legs. She felt his mouth closes on her burning pussy.

Suddenly she felt her legs lifting, she looked to see the two men who just finished holding her legs. She already one big orgasms, when the man between her legs stood up.

“OH MY GOD, THATS TO BIG!!” she yelled.

But he did not seem to hear her. He lay down on top of her, and she felt him push against her pussy. Over and over he pushed, suddenly he was inside her. 

“Slowly son, we do not want her hurt in any way.” the older man said.

She took a deep breath and slowly let it out relaxing as she did. As she did this he slowly pushed his way in. Buried deep now, he took a deep breath, smile at her and lean down.

“I Love Your Pussy, feels wonderful around my cock.” he whispered.

She felt her legs being laid across his back now and as she looked around the room she only saw the old man smiling at her. She closed her eyes and let go. She felt her body stiffen, and she screamed.

“I’M CUMMINGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!” she screamed.

“ME TOO! AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHH!!!” he grunted in her ear.

She felt hot liquid blasting inside her. Then he stood up and stepped away from her smiling at her.

Then the old man held out his hand and she took it, he walked her into another room.

(meanwhile in another room)

He sat there watching them loving her. He now knew everything. Those men out there were her Uncles, and his dad. And he comes from a long line of Vampires. They do not suck blood like in the movies, they mate to one lady, who can give them many children. He was alive as any other man in this world, but he cannot died. 

As he watched his Uncles fucking his to be wife, his cock did grow. It was longer, and fatter than before. He knew he was building up cum to make his wife pregnant as part of the ceremony tonight. He watched as his dad took her into the special room.

She looked around the room, in the center of the room stood a huge round bed hanging from the ceiling. He held open the curtains, motioning for her to go in. She kneeled on the bed and climbed in the bed. He climbs in next to her.

He looked at his daughter-in-law to be. His hand touched her face, thumb brushing over her soft warm lips.

“Do you know that we are Ghosts?” he asked her.

“Yes, but your still men with cocks that most women would died to have. I am a very lucky lady.” she said.

“Yes you are a very lucky lady my dear, and now I am going to get you ready for tonight. I will be the last man you will have before your husband. My son will take you as his wife.” he said softly.

He lifted her robe, and caressed her body, slowly, leaving kisses every where he touched. His finger slid inside her pussy, moving it in and out. He leaned over kissed her lips, then his mouth took her nipple in and sucked hard.

“OH GOD!!!!, HARDER!!!” she cried out.

He lifted his mouth, kissed her lips again, then took her other nipple in his mouth and sucked hard. He felt her left to met his fucking finger. She would cum soon, he knew that. He moved closer to her head.

“Open my robe dear, take out my cock and rubbed him up and down.” he told her.

She reached over and opened his robe. There in front of her was his long, fat, and hard cock. She wrapped her hand around, and stroked up and down slowly. She looked up at him with a question in her eyes.

“Yes my dear, I would love that very much.” he told her, moving even closer to her.

She took his cock into her mouth and at first she sucked him gentle, and slowly. He pulled her mouth closer, wanting her to take him deeply. He wanted to feel his cock in her throat. She did not disappoint him, she took his cock so deep in her throat that he felt her swallowing around his cock head. Then he felt her cum on his fingers. Slowly he pulled out of her mouth and told her to get on her hands and knees.

She felt him press himself against her, as his hands caress her back. She felt his cock slid in her pussy then back out and press against her ass hole. Slowly he pushed up her ass hole. Push in, pull out, little by little till he buried his cock deep inside her. Breathing hard, and heavy he leaned over.

“Are you ok honey, I do not want to hurt you.” he whispered.

She looked back at him smiling, and shoved her ass back against him.

“Fuck me daddy, Fuck your daughter-in-law good.” she told him.

He held her hips and he pulled almost out and slammed his cock back in. Over and over, he moved faster and faster as he went.

“OH GOD DADDY I’M CUMMINGGGG!!!!!!” she screamed.