 "Go on through - he's expecting you. I'll buzz him to let him known you're on your way up."

Kristy smiled nervously back at the receptionist, who sat stern faced, clad in a severely cut suit. Her whole manner seemed to disapprove of Kristy and the slight backward tilt of her head, prominently displaying her nostrils indicated that she clearly felt that Kristy had no business even setting foot in her office, let alone the President's.

"Through here?" queried Kristy, nodding towards two immaculately polished swing doors, situated behind and to the right of the receptionist's desk. It was more an attempt to make conversation, to get some flicker of humanity from the harridan on the desk, to put her at her ease. After all, she must know how nervous Kristy felt.

None of the other young women busy working on pcs, or writing copious longhand notes at their own desks looked up or even acknowledged Kristy's presence in the 19th floor office- or the 'Inner Sanctum' as workers on the lower floors referred to it.

"Yes. Go on through and up the stairs at the end of the corridor. Mr Thulgar does not like to be kept waiting," clipped the receptionist icily, giving a barely discernible nod of her head in the direction of the doors.

"Thank you so much," said Kristy briskly, fighting to suppress her anger at being treated like some office junior. If this was the attitude of the staff on the 19th floor, she wasn't sure she wanted to be a part of their team - if, indeed, this was a proposition on offer. But then again, she mused as she pushed the doors open, noticing how soundlessly they moved on well-oiled hinges over a rather plush, dark blue carpet, why would the President ask her to compile the report and bring it to him personally, if not to offer her some sort of promotion?

As she walked along the corridor, her stomach fairly fluttering with butterflies, Kristy recalled how, just a week ago, she'd been called aside by her supervisor and told about the special assignment, sent down from the President of the company.

"Mr Thulgar requires cost projections for the next quarter, based on our performance in the electronic media market," Sarah had said, rather awestruck herself. "The thing is Kristy, he's specifically asked you to prepare the report."

"M-Me?" Kristy had stammered, wondering what could possibly have brought her to the President's attention. "I - I'll be glad to, yes, glad to, b-but I've got the Henderson account to prepare and -."

Sarah waved her hand impatiently. "I'm taking you off the Henderson account - with no loss of bonus," she added smoothly, "I'll get young Jason to do it. Time he had a chance. No, I want you to concentrate fully on the President's report from now on. You've got full access to all records and databases, he's approved your higher security clearance for the duration of this project."

Kristy almost said "Wow", but tempered her excitement and instead asked how long she had to complete what was after all, a major undertaking.

"One week exactly," Sarah replied. "The President's office will let us know where and when to deliver the report. He's specifically said it's for his eyes only, so I'm not even to check it for you." Kristy couldn't help but smile. She was good at reading body language and faces in particular. Sarah liked to think she had a poker face, but the thinness of her lips and the set of her shoulders indicated that she was pretty ticked off at this affront to her seniority.

That had been a week and a lifetime ago. So here she was, seven days down the line, on an unremarkable, but at the same time extraordinary Tuesday morning, approaching the President's office with the precious report, neatly compiled and bound in a brown folder, tucked under her arm. It had taken several late nights, working until gone ten, and all weekend, but she'd finally finished it. The detailed, yet concise report, with all its cost projections, fiscal analysis and cross-referencing, had been completed on Sunday evening. Monday had been spent printing it up, indexing and annotating where necessary and binding the whole thing together. Hopefully, there'd be a fat bonus in this for her, not least for the overtime hours worked, but, better than that, maybe a promotion to the 19th floor. After all - and her close workmates speculated openly about this - why would Mr Thulgar have asked Kristy to not only compile the report but to bring it to him personally?

Kristy reached the end of the wood panelled corridor and walked up a small, curving flight of carpeted stairs to the 20th floor, the President's own domain. Very few workers had ever ventured up here - certainly not as a matter of course, and very few people knew exactly what was up here. Of course, the President had his own private office there, but he was also alleged to have private living quarters there too. In any event, the whole suite was accessible only via the Inner Sanctum on the 19th floor or, in the President's case, via a private elevator from the lobby or via helicopter on the roof.

The stairs gave on to another corridor; this time carpeted in a green plush pile, and with tasteful paintings in the impressionist style along the oak panelled walls. Kristy swallowed nervously. She couldn't remember feeling as nervous as this in many years and she certainly hadn't felt this nervous during her interview for her first junior position at the company seven years before when she'd come there straight from university.

Oh yes, she was well qualified, no doubt about that. She'd continued her education via various study courses and evening classes whilst working her way up to Senior Account Manager. It had been hard work, but well worth it, with an enviable salary and an apartment overlooking Central Park. Boyfriends had been few and far between, although she hadn't sacrificed her looks - or her occasional needs - for the sake of the job. But domesticity and a family of her own were not in her game plan this side of thirty. She was well thought of in the company, trusted and sought after by clients. Maybe now all that hard work had paid off and Mr Thulgar, nobody's fool as the success of his business had proven, had noticed her. The report was clearly a test of her mettle; as such a report would normally be compiled in three days by a team of accountants and cost analysts.

Well - if there was a Vice Presidency in the offing, or a post on the 19th floor, Kristy was more than ready for it.

And now here she was, standing in front of the big double doors, situated halfway down the corridor. A small brass plaque on the right hand door indicated 'N Thulgar - President'. Cursing her own nervousness, Kristy brushed any specks of dust off her neatly tailored suit, checking that all the buttons on her jacket were fastened, adjusted the collar of her white blouse and smoothed down her knee-length skirt. Her patent leather court shoes gleamed, her light stockings the perfect contrast to the dark blue of her suit. Her hair was neatly pinned back, but with just a few wisps dangling down, framing her face. Attractive, yet business-like.

She took a deep breath and, still feeling like a student summoned to the principle's office, rapped smartly on the door. Three knocks, not too loud, nor too hesitant. The sort of knocks that indicated a confident manner and sense of purpose.

She waited for an answer, but none was forthcoming. Long seconds dragged by. Maybe the President was talking on the telephone - but inclining her head slightly she could hear no sound from beyond the doors. Maybe he'd left via his private elevator. But he should be expecting her. The summons to his office had been set for 11 am prompt.

What should she do? Should she knock again? Should she go back down to the 19th floor and risk telling the harpy on the reception desk that the President wasn't answering?

Swallowing hard, Kristy poised her knuckles over the door, ready to knock again.

"Enter!"

She stopped her knuckles from connecting with the door with about a quarter of an inch to spare. What would he have thought of her if she'd knocked again just as he'd bid her enter?

Squaring her shoulders, Kristy twisted the solid brass door handle and pushed the right hand door open, realising that she was, indeed, entering into the unknown.

The door slid silent open admitting Kristy to a surprisingly large office - or at least it appeared to be large. The sparse - some might say Spartan - furnishings gave an impression of space. As Kristy walked forward purposefully, her eyes quickly scanned the office. To the left, most of the wall was taken up with simple wooden shelves, upon which, tightly packed, were various box files, bound reports and, surprisingly, what appeared to be a large number of leather bound, obviously antique books. To the right, various abstract prints lined the walls, whilst on low, polished tables sat a fax, a xerox machine and a coffee percolator, with cups and saucers neatly stacked next to it.

Straight ahead was a large window, vertical blinds half open, admitting enough sunlight to illuminate the highly polished wood of the vast, solid antique desk directly in front of it. A large, black leather executive chair sat behind the desk, its back facing Kristy, the occupant obviously facing the window, his elbows just visible resting on the chair's arms.

As though sensing Kristy's progress towards the desk, the occupant slowly swivelled the chair round, bring Kristy face to face with Mr Thulgar, the company President. She stopped, a discreet couple of steps in front of the desk, momentarily taken aback by the striking - arresting - presence of the man sitting in front of her.

Of course, she'd seen the President's photograph in the company annual report and portfolio, but the nearest she'd come to seeing him in the flesh was watching him from the far side of the lobby as he strode outside to his waiting limousine. But this was no substitute or seeing him up close.

To start with, he was a big man - not fat, but solid, rather muscular, well proportioned, with broad shoulders, dressed in an immaculate, well-cut suit, with a white shirt, silk tie and, she noticed gold cufflinks - tasteful, not in any way ostentatious. He had a stern, craggy face, his grey hair cropped short so as to almost render him bald, his skin tanned but not ridiculously so, more the kind of tan which came from outdoor pursuits such as sailing - certainly his skin was weather beaten, but not unattractively so. Perhaps the most disconcerting thing about Mr Thulgar, however, was his eyes. Blue, like frozen pools of the deepest ocean, the dark eyebrows above framing them and channelling their piercing stare directly into Kristy's eyes, boring deep, as though probing her every secret thought.

And what secret thoughts! Kristy suddenly had an image of herself, sprawled across Thulgar's desk, her skirt up around her waist as he fucked her within an inch of her life.

Jeeez! Where did that come from? Kristy was shocked at her own thoughts, her own feelings of submission upon first sight of this undoubtedly powerful, if somewhat older man - it wasn't just his obvious wealth, but his sheer presence...

Kristy felt herself blush and mentally shook herself, aware that she was staring at Thulgar and he was waiting for her to speak.

"Um... your report Sir," said Kristy, struggling to keep her shaking voice steady.

Thulgar said nothing, but simply held out his hand. For at least three seconds Kristy made no move, wondering what he wanted, then she realised, with a start, that she still had the precious report tucked under her arm. Cursing her all-too-obvious nerviousness, she whipped the envelope from under her arm, stepped forward and handed it to Thulgar. He took it, his grip, she noticed, very firm. 

Instead of thanking her, or asking her to take a seat in the hard backed chair situated in front of the desk, Thulgar simply took the report from the envelope and began to flip through it.

Kristy decided it would be pertinent to wait until the President gave her his attention, so she adopted an 'at ease' stance, her legs slightly apart, her hands held behind her back, eyes front. Thulgar however, was no longer looking at her - in fact she might not have even been there at all for all the attention he was paying her. This irked her somewhat. After all, she was no gauche junior, the lowest form of life in the company; she was an Account Manager in her own right. However, she reasoned, this might just be his way - it might even be part of the test

Kristy noticed that he might flick over two or three pages at a time, but then obviously read a passage here and there very closely, occasionally turning back to a preceding page. She'd handed enough reports to senior managers and supervisors in her career to know when somebody patently didn't understand a word in front of them. Some didn't even make the pretence of reading the report and merely turned to the final page and the idiot-proof conclusion. Thulgar was obviously a different animal altogether - he clearly not only understood what he was reading, he knew exactly what he was looking for and where to look for it.

As she waited, Kristy's gaze fell on the President's desk. The leather top was an attractive, slightly faded red colour, embossed with tasteful gold edging. The desk itself wasn't exactly neat, but had a workmanlike clutter to it; two or three folders, an in-tray with letters awaiting signature and various memoranda, a telephone with a number of different line indicators, a smart wooden pen holder containing three solid pens - fountain pens by the look of them - and, to her surprise, a paperweight which appeared to be a human skull, cast in bronze, expertly detailed and somewhat disconcerting, its eye sockets dark and menacing, almost as deep as Thulgar's own living eyes. 

But what caught her attention most was an ornate desk lamp. The bulb and green angled shade were standard enough, but the lamp stand itself - like the paperweight fashioned in bronze - was far from standard. It was a woman - almost naked, but wearing what looked like a ragged tunic, barely covering the tops of her thighs, one side of it flapping down, as though torn, exposing one of the figurine's ample breasts, the prominent nipple a finely sculpted point, proportioned in exact detail.

The woman's long hair flowed and cascaded down her shoulders, her head was thrown back, her eyes closed in almost orgasmic pleasure. Her arms, which reached the top of the lamp stand, held above her almost beseechingly, seeking supplication from some unseen master.

The figurine was so beautifully crafted, so precise in every minute detail. It was certainly not politically correct and would put any woman ill at ease, and Kristy found herself responding to it in a way that shocked her. Yes, it was sexist. Yes, it was even shocking, but it was.... sensuous.... erotic even. Suddenly she snapped out of her reverie, aware that the President had spoken to her, but she hadn't heard what he'd said. She brought her attention firmly back to Thulgar, noticing a quick flick of his eyes towards the lamp, before they settled, disconcertingly, back on her.

"Sir?" she queried, straightening her back, trying to give the impression that she was paying attention all along.

"Name," said Thulgar, his voice gravely, but precise, his accent - somewhat refined, but hard to place. British maybe?

Kristy looked blankly at him. Name? Name?

"Your name," he clipped, as though fully aware of her mental confusion.

"Er - Kristy Reynolds, sir," said Kristy quickly, still feeling for all he world like some schoolgirl about to be reprimanded by the principle.

Thulgar almost casually tossed the report into the in-tray, placed his large, shovel-like hands on the desk and levered himself up, standing at around six feet tall, several inches taller than his build had suggested from a sitting position.

He walked slowly round the desk, determinedly, but with the minimum of movement, almost like a big cat loping casually through the pampas.

"Well Reynolds," he said quietly, "I'm pleased. A good, solid report, just what I expected."

Kristy flinched a little at the use of her surname: No-one in the company had ever addressed her in such a manner. Clients and junior staff might address her as Ms Reynolds, at last until they got to know her better. But then, she reasoned, Thulgar appeared to be somewhat old-fashioned in his manner, although his age was hard to guess - he could be anywhere between fifty and sixty. Perhaps this was just his way. Perhaps, too, this was part of the test?

He walked slowly around her, looking her up and down, as though appraising a waxwork or an interesting statue in an art gallery. Kristy felt herself blushing again - his close proximity to her was not acceptable - he was invading her space, and yet she felt powerless to step back or to even say anything. Not only did he walk - prowl - around her as though he had every right to do so, but she almost felt that it was within his rights to do so! She'd certainly never put up with that sort of behaviour from any other worker, manager or not.

His movements were almost predatory, his stare seeming to strip away the layers of her clothing to appraise her naked body, but then go deeper, peeling away her flesh and staring into her very soul. Kristy felt decidedly uncomfortable under this scrutiny and struggled to find her voice to say something. But when she tried to speak, she felt light headed, faint even. Was it hot in his office? Had the stress of working so hard and of bringing the report to the President exhausted her? Such a thing had never happened to her before and she felt doubly disturbed by this. Thankfully, the spell was broken somewhat when Thulgar abruptly turned away and leaned back against the desk, arms folded, but still holding her with his piercing stare.

"I've heard good things about you Reynolds," he clipped. "Your supervisors all speak highly of you. Your annual appraisals all indicate a conscientious attitude towards your work, coupled with clear initiative and ambition. Your clients all display great satisfaction with your handling of their accounts and you clearly have a sound grasp of the company's position in the world market and of its financial standing and capabilities." He nodded towards the report to emphasise the latter point. His delivery had been precise, unhurried, stating the facts with no emotional edge to his words.

Kristy felt herself flush again, but this time with pride. He was pleased with her! This was it - there was surely a promotion or some sort of bonus on offer. However, Thulgar's next words brought her aspirations to earth with an almighty bump.

"I have to say, Reynolds, that I remain unimpressed."

Kristy was aghast. What did he mean 'unimpressed'? Her anger welled up and she opened her mouth to query indignantly what he was suggesting.

But Thulgar spoke over her, silencing her protest before she could give it voice.

"Your intelligence is of no concern to me whatsoever," he said, simply. "You are a good worker, but intelligence is not a trait that I find desirable amongst females. Your role is not to display intelligence or to emulate the male, but to be subservient to the male and do his bidding. Women exist to serve and give pleasure to men."

The sheer audacity of his statement hit home and Kristy's temper finally snapped. "How dare you suggest such a thing!" she exclaimed, her voice rising with indignation, stabbing her finger towards Thulgar. "I've never heard such blatantly sexist bullshit in my life! I am deeply insulted and demand an apology! I am a Senior Account Manager with seven year's loyal service to this company and I do not expect to be sexually harassed and belittled by its President, no more than I would the post boy!"
