 Been a long long while...but I hope to be back into the swing of things. - EklectikChik

*****

Typical, Fatima thought to himself. Go to sleep and let the man worry about everything.

Their pod was still dead and there was no hope of its reactivating by itself. Fatima couldn't run a diagnostic program either with the main console non-operational. The thought to open the hatch and check the hull damage occurred to him but it would be risky to strain the life-support system like that. He had no idea whether it was working correctly or just dying on them slowly as well.

Watching the stars outside wasn't very entertaining and Kyla's regular breathing and soft snores were slowly lulling him to sleep too but he decided to remain awake for as long as possible should something happen. Fatima tried recalling the sector map in his head. The asteroid field was near a gas giant with a dozen moons; several of them had been colonised so they could obviously sustain oxygen-breathing creatures but he couldn't remember the order of the moons and how many were inhabitable. And besides, knowing his luck, they would probably crash on a rocky one with no hope of survival even if the crash-landing equipment kicked in. Moreover, after the meeting with the asteroids they were flying backwards so they had no way of knowing where they were drifting and what was in their path.

Once again he reflected on his pathetic situation. There he was: probably on his way to die, with a cute girl in his lap who wouldn't even hear of him getting into her panties... he didn't even want to think that he was probably having the biggest blue balls in the galaxy. He cringed, realising that he would probably never know what an affluent, manly cumshot inside a tight, willing pussy feels like. Of all men in the galaxy the Gypsy curse had to fall on his head, his smaller head. Fatima felt like crying.

Kyla mumbled something in her sleep again and wiggled in his embrace, changing her position and rubbing her cheek against his shoulder. The image of her firm, green breasts appeared in his mind again and he sighed sorrowfully. He wanted to explore her body with his hands and lips, get to know it by heart and make her moan with pleasure at the slightest touch. But of all the women he could have been stranded with it had to be the one that resisted him with ease. Looking down he let his eyes skim her sleeping face, lingering a little on her slightly parted lips. He wanted to taste those lips before the inevitable death so he leaned in a little, making sure not to move his body too much. Just before the kiss, however, Kyla threw her head, slamming her forehead against his cheekbone.

"Ow!" Fatima yelped in surprise and Kyla's eyes fluttered open immediately. She eyed his with suspicion.

"Fatima, what were you just trying to do?" she growled.

*

Kyla watched Fatima rub his head with a groan. "Nothing...apparently I'm a gluten for pain." 

She let out a little snort and rolled her eyes. "Maybe if you'd quit trying to take advantage of me while we're stuck in this death trap, you wouldn't get hurt."

An irritated scowl passed over his face much like the one she had seen before. "Maybe if you would quit being such a prude, we wouldn't be having this problem!" He bit out and regretted it the minute the words passed through his lips.

Even her green skin couldn't hide how her skin paled followed by her eyes darkening. Sitting up straight, she twisted in his lap and shoved a finger into his sternum. "Just because I'm not a slut, doesn't mean I'm a prude!"

"Could have fooled me...you act as though you're too good to be touched."

She gasped and reared back, only instead opening up her hand to slap him, Fatima quickly followed how she bunched up her fist in anger. Instinct made him shove her back. With a yelp of surprise she tumbled, hitting the console with her shoulders and neck and bashing the back of her head into the window. Stars burst before her eyes, leaving her dazed and confused.

"Kyla?" Fatima's voice filtered through her senses. She groaned in response and blinked.

"I hate you. First you almost kill my brother and now you're trying to kill me." She grumbled, struggling to right herself.

Strong capable hands and arms pulled her forward until she sat back up on his lap, her head still cloudy. "God, I have a headache now. Thanks a lot...men. I swear." 

"I was only defending myself." He grouched back, relieved that she didn't gain any damage from her tumble.

Too achy to fight anymore, Kyla settled back down, turning her back to him and leaning into his body. "Whatever. I don't want to talk about it."

Silence fell between them for a while, their breaths evenly synchronized and strangely soothing. Her eyelids felt heavy and sleep began to tingle through her veins again when Fatima opened his mouth and ruined it all again.

"You know, there is an easy way to prove you're not a prude." He told her.

Kyla sighed heavily and pinched the bridge of her nose. "You don't ever give up do you? Fine! What is it?"

"Kiss me."

"You're crazy!" She huffed, "I'm not falling for that one."

"Come on, Banana. Just one kiss to prove you're not a prude or too high and mighty. One little one, no tongue...just a friendly kiss between...uh...friends."

She bit back a retort for that statement and mentally slapped herself for even wanting to prove him wrong. Butterflies made her stomach flutter uneasily. "Just one little kiss? Nothing else?"

"Exactly."

"Will this shut you up until death do us part?" She asked him, her eyes borring into his as she twisted around to look up at him.

He flashed her a grin and nodded, "Sure, 'nana."

Rolling her eyes once more, she turned her body back around on his lap and gazed at him for a moment. She looked nervous, determined and dangerlously enticing as the tip of her tongue snuck out to wet her lovely lips.

"No funny stuff." She ordered and finally leaned in ever so slowly toward him, her heart thudding loudly in her ears as she neared his mouth. 

*

"No funny stuff," he acknowledged in whisper, his lips almost touching Kyla's. Of course he crossed his fingers behind her back where he was holding her realising that another chance to make his move could not come in their situation. Slowly he pressed his lips to hers, closing his eye and pulling Kyla closer to his chest, her body small in his powerful embrace. Fatima purred in his throat when she returned his kiss slightly and clutched his jumpsuit in her fingers.

He reclined back, forcing Kyla to rest against his chest and he let his hands travel over her back and sides, feeling her young, sexy body. Fatima's fingers tickled the short hairs on Kyla's neck and she squirmed in his lap. He smiled, kissing her upper lip and the lower, enjoying her cute reaction. He felt his heart thud loudly when she parted her mouth slightly and kissed him back more boldly. Growling contentedly, Fatima responded in kind, entangling his fingers in her thick, green mane, holding her head. He could feel passion rise up in him along with a rapidly growing erection and his kisses became more urgent as he slightly bit on Kyla's lips and flicked his tongue out to soothe the bitten places. But then she pressed her hands against his chest harder and pushed away, breaking the kiss and opening her eyes to look at him.

The green tinge of her skin couldn't hide the flush on her cheeks and her chest was rising in deep breaths. "See?" she said, "That should be enough proof for you." Kyla licked her lips and swallowed hard.

"Yeah, I have to give you at least that," Fatima replied, arousal making his voice thick. Her boldness certainly surprised him. "But you didn't convince me yet," he added with a devilish grin and tried kissing her again but she turned her face and the kiss landed on her cheek. "You're a good kisser, Banana," Fatima whispered and flicked his tongue out to tickle her ear.

"Hey, give it up already. I did what you wanted to keep up your part of the deal."

"Very well," he sighed, not wanting to anger her anymore. "But next time you give me a boner you better to something about it."

Kyla looked down, realised what she had been rubbing her hip against and blushed even more. "So that's... it's so hard I thought it was your gun," she whispered weakly.

"Oh, it's a gun alright..." he grinned, enjoying her embarrassment.

"Pig!" Kyla slapped his face lightly and he caught her palm and kissed the tip of each of her fingers.

"I'm sorry I called you a prude, 'nana. It was uncalled for."

"Alright already, she sighed. This situation is getting to me, too. I wish I was out of this bucket of bolts."

"It'll soon be over one way or another," she shrugged and put his hands on Kyla's waist, amazed how slim and strong she was at the same time. "We'll either crash somewhere or the air will run out. There's little chance of anyone finding this pod."

Kyla sighed, shook her head and looked at him seriously. "Why don't you look on the bright side of it?"

"Oh yeah, I know, I have a cute girl in my lap, she just gave my a hearty kiss. How about another one to reassure me I wasn't dreaming? No? I thought as much." It was his time to sigh and slouch.

"No, I meant that at least you know that the Kraken's crew is safe somewhere."

"You mean your brother, don't you?" Fatima noticed and Kyla nodded after a moment of hesitation.

"We were miraculously reunited only to be parted once again. This sucks. You pirates are the scum of the galaxy, you bring pain everywhere!" Kyla put her head on his shoulder.

"But we give some pleasure, too," he muttered. "At least I know I do," Fatima joked with a smile and tickled Kyla, making her jump.

"Pig," she said softly again. "How did Danny end up on your ship anyway?" she suddenly perked up and looked at him.

He shrugged in response. "No idea. I remember my father saying that he first blew a convoy up and then picked up the survivors and enlisted them in our service. Danny's been on this ship ever since I think. He's a skilled lad."

"Your father?" Kyla asked, her interest piqued.

"What? You're into older men?" he joked. "He's dead anyway." Fatima waved his hand, dismissing the topic when their craft suddenly shook and trembled.

"Wh-what's going on? I'm getting heavy!" Kyla cried and turned her head to a viewport to see what was going on.

"We're in a gravity well! Something's pulling us in!" Then the pod spun and a dark disc of a planet blocked the stars outside. On the border of the nightside they could seem some green and blue. It must have been one of the inhabitable moons.

"Are we going to be okay?" Kyla asked, her voice full of worry.

"As long as we don't hit the water and the breakers open up we should be alright," Fatima answered but his voice was completely lost in the sudden, deafening explosion that covered the pod in a protective ball of foam. All they could do was pray for a safe landing. He wound his arms around Kyla and held her close and hard, straining all his muscles.

*

Kyla clung to Fatima, burying her face into his chest and trying to block out the roar of the ship as it got pulled down, gaining speed as gravity tracked them down to the planet. Her mind raced through past memories and experiences. She couldn't remember one being this unsure and frightening. Things were out of control and there was nothing she could do to gain it back. 

"Hold on tight, Banana!" Fatima shouted, letting her burrow deeper into his embrace. 

Seconds passed, feeling like an eternity when the ship finally broke through the atmosphere and came crashing through a clear blue sky, their fall unbroken until they hit ground. The impact jarred their bodies, rendering them breathless.

Silence fell oddly around them and for a while both concentrated on just breathing until Kyla finally squirmed slightly in his lap. "You okay?" She whispered.

"Yeah...I think." Fatima replied, carefully relaxing his tense muscles, wiggling fingers and toes and testing what body parts he could move.

Pushing up off his chest, Kyla turned about, settling her lush little bottom against his crotch without a second thought and began messing with the control pannels. All systems were down and the emergency latch was stubbornly stuck. "Damn! If it's not one thing, it's another."

Fatima let out a wry laugh and agreed. Shoving her fingers none too gently through her hair, she huffed and eyed him. "Guess we're going to have to break out of this death shell we're stuck in. Hope your legs are strong."

"Legs?" He grinned, and shook his head. "I'd love to see you in action some more 'nana, but this is more effecient and I have no desire to die in this pod after you suck up all the air."

Pulling out his gun, Fatima pulled Kyla back shielding her face and his own before blowing a hole straight through the glass and hot marshmellow like covering of the ship.

"Nice." She grinned and let him boost her up, carefully working her way out of the ship first. Tumbling over the side, she struggled to regain her footing a moment, trying not to laugh as Fatima worked the cramps out of his muscles.

"So, great leader, I hope you know where we are and what we're to do."

*

Fatima breathed a generous lungful of air and bent his body backwards, pressing his hands to the small of his back. His backbone popped audibly several times; his neck cracked a few times when he rolled his head to the sides. Swinging his arms freely he looked around. They crashed on the edge of a hilly, densely forested region. It must have rained recently because the air was humid and even the stench of smouldering protecto-foam was unable to hide the smell of wet leaves and soil. Fatima couldn't remember the last time he had solid ground under his feet; it was always either the base or the Kraken's decks. It must have been at least a year and a half -- he had been too busy running his pirate empire to ever take a breather. Kyla stood looking at him with a raised eyebrow as he spun around, partially unzipping the suit to let his skin get some fresh air.

"I know you men like to relax and feel at home wherever you are but shouldn't we be looking for some cover? It's not always that something falls from the sky. We're bound to have attracted attention."

Fatima stopped scanning their surroundings and rubbed his chin with one hand, the other shielding his eye from the morning sunglare. He was checking out the meadow below them as he spoke. "It wouldn't hurt you to give those lovely breasts of yours some air to breathe, you know."

"Yeah right, and then you're gonna twist your ankle while we walk and you're ogling my bosom. No way!"

Paying little attention to her response, Fatima continued as his eye fixed on something in the distance, "Anyway, we should get ourselves out of those suits pronto."

"Uh-huh, I know what you're thinking but I'd rather give you as few opportunities as possible," Kyla scolded him.

"Wha-? Oh, no, you wouldn't believe it but I really wasn't talking about that."

"You're right, I don't believe you. I can see right through you, you know," she said but there was something playful in her eyes. Kyla was also glad they were out of that flying coffin.

"I bet, having two good eyes must really facilitate that," he joked but his gaze was still focused on something far away. "Let's make use of them, shall we? Come here and take a look, there's something there."

Eyeing him carefully Kyla approached Fatima and looked in the direction he indicate with his finger. She strained her eyes for a moment but couldn't see anything or was looking at the wrong spot. "I can't see anything. Where exactly?"

Sighing to himself, Fatima moved behind her and put his hands on her shoulders. Immediately she stiffened under his touch and he chuckled. "Relax, no funny stuff. Now look." He oriented her in the proper direction and pointed with his hand stretched over her shoulder. "There, between those slopes on the horizon. Is that smoke or something moving there?"

Of course Fatima wouldn't be himself if he didn't try to take advantage of the situation so as Kyla was straining her eyes to see he moved his left hand to her front and slowly started unzipping her suit inch by inch. "Something's definitely out there but I can't quite... FATIMA!" Kyla slapped his arms away and bumped him off her with her bottom, taking a step away. As she turned to him the entrance to the lovely valley between her breasts was revealed and he grinned.

"Don't tell me you're not feeling better like this," he winked at her but with his other eye covered it looked like a regular blink. "Anyway, Banana, let's get going. Maybe we can get some decent clothes there. Not that I'd mind seeing you in a grass skirt."

*

Kyla rolled her eyes, but laughed at Fatima's humor. He flashed her a grin that made her stomach quiver strangely, her eyes enjoying the strong muscles of his arms and chest as he tied the arms of his suite around his waist, leaving his upper half bare.

Totally at ease with himself, Kyla found herself a little envious. The air did feel good against her skin and if she had the guts, she would have just stripped...but no, not in front of Fatima and his hungry gaze and especially not after the kiss they had shared right before the crash.

"Think we'll make it there by nightfall?" She asked him, pulling her long green hair up and tying it into a knot at the back of her head.

"If we get moving we might."

"Point taken." She replied with a small laugh. "Lets go!"

It was odd being a follower, instead of a leader, but Kyla fought the urge to tell him differently as she tracked a few paced behind. The dense forest proved to be challenging as vines and unsteady footing greeted them on their journey to find some civilization.

Conversation was minimal as they concentrated on their footing, until finally Kyla lost herself in thought and the interesting play of muscles that danced under Fatima's sweat slicked back and arms. She was amazed at how nice it actually was to study his sleek body, letting her eyes roam down to his firm bottom clad in the same stretchy material as his upper body had been. She mentally laughed at herself...feeling silly. Was she checking him out?! Letting herself loose site of who he really was and drooling over his sexy body like he had done hers?

An amused giggle passed by her lips, making Fatima pause and turn just as she let out a surprised squeak and crashed to the ground ungracefully.

"Ow!! Blast it!!" She gasped, rolling to her side let out a whine. "I think I twisted my ankle."

Fatima let out a short laugh. "What's the matter, Banana. Were you ogling at my breasts?" He teased.

"No." She groaned, trying not to laugh at her own stupidity. "Just your ass."

*

Fatima chuckled as he dropped to a crouch next to Kyla, his face a cross between amusement and concern. "So, you find my ass charming too, eh?" he said. "Can you walk?"

"I don't know, hurts like hell," Kyla hissed and made to remove her boot but he stopped her by grabbing her hand.

"Don't. Your ankle will swell and you won't be able to put it back on. The boot will keep your foot stiff."

"How do you know that?" she looked at him with wide eyes.

"You get to know many useful things when you're a pirate king, you know," Fatima said with a sad smile. "Guess I'll have to carry you piggy back," he sighed theatrically. "The things I have to do sometimes."

"You don't have to if you don't want to," Kyla teased him but it was hard for her to hide the pain.

"It's settled then. Hop up!" Fatima said and turned his back to her.

"Are you sure it's alright? It's a long trek..." she started but her arms were already around his neck.

"It's okay, don't worry," he replied, getting up effortlessly and moving his hands back to grab her bottom and fondle it shamelessly; it was firm and delicious and he was already looking forward to the moment when he'll be able to get close and personal with it. "We'll just switch positions halfway."
