 To all our fans, we really appreciate your feedback! Our delays are regrettable, but life always seems to get in the way of creative time! Hehe. We assure you that more installments will be made was we go through our editing process! Thank you!!!

The girl bouncing on captain B. Fatima's cock threw her head back in rapture and moaned, shivering as she came for the eighth time, gripping his meat even tighter with the walls of her juice-drenched pussy. He felt another trickle of her honey go down his balls to join in the pool that soaked the sheets of his bunk. He had had her ride him because he was getting a bit tired with their lovemaking marathon, even more so ever since she had noticed that he was extremely well endowed by mother nature, knew how to use that pecker of his well and had given her two world-shattering orgasms during the first hour and a half. And seeing that he could go on and on she just wouldn't let him persuade her that perhaps enough is enough. This was the best fucking of her life and knowing the captain's fame she knew she had to take as much as possible from him because there would be no seconds.

The girl's head returned to normal position and she looked at her lover through the orgasmic haze still clouding her vision. Is he bored? The thought crossed her head and she frowned in concern. She was very well aware of her beauty, her big, full breasts and the tight ass that made males of various species stare, her long, violet hair typical for the inhabitants of Halcionne Minor, that men were finding so enticing, and most of all her sexy voice capable of giving hard-ons by itself (she didn't like it herself very much though because she thought it was making her sound like a slut even when she was speaking about taxes). Many males would have killed just to be blown a kiss from her and this man looked... bored?! Or was it disappointment in his eyes? Her pussy was tight and gripping that wonderful manhood of his hard, she was feeling full and wondered how it was possible for something that big to fit inside her but she was sure it must have been a great feeling for him too. So why was he looking so let down. This was the best fuck of her life and she was willing to return the favour but now that she thought about this the captain hadn't come a single time and still didn't even seem close to cumming and filling her love tunnel with his hot semen. She shivered at the merest thought of feeling his sperm inside her and her arms came up with goose bumps.

"Eeek!" she cried in surprise and tried to cover herself when the door to the captain's cabin slid open with a hiss.

An elderly man wearing a blackish blue tuxedo entered the room carrying a tray with two steaming cups, a sugar container and a sliced lemon. Completely unperturbed by the naked pair on the bed he set the tray on the awful mahogany nightstand and bowed his grey head towards the captain which caused his broken monocle to fall and dangle on its thin, golden chain.

"Your afternoon tea, Young Master. Please excuse my boldness, Young Master, but I allowed myself to prepare a cup for your charming companion as well," the old man said nasally without looking at anything in particular.

"Thank you, Old Maison," the captain said and sat up. As his cock moved inside the girl and his skin rubbed her clit she bit her lip in order not to moan and embarrass herself in the presence of some old prick who, she knew it very well, was ogling her boobs even though he was pretending to look at the wall and the ugly picture of a fat, Rubensian mermaid with big knockers.

The butler turned to leave and was halfway to the exit when he remembered something and turned, this time allowing his eyes to slide up and down the striking girl's naked side and reddening a little in the process. "One more thing, Young Master, you first mate asked me to inform you that there is, and here I quote so that you don't think me an uncouth knave: a motherfucking Eridanian rich for the picking on the radar; end quotation." The butler reddened a bit more and coughed politely, bowed once more and left the cabin with his back stiff but the movements of his elbows betrayed that he was cleaning the broken monocle and putting it back in its proper place.

"Get off me, love, will you?" B. Fatima spoke for the first time ever since they had started making love. "I've a ship to rob and loot to plunder... or somesuch."

"Oh come on, one more time? Pretty please?" she whispered seductively and rocked her hips with his hard cock still inside her. "I still have to make you feel good, oh captain my captain," she giggled and tried to kiss him but he evaded her and put his index finger between her breasts.

"Get off, love, before I lose my patience completely," he said seriously and reluctantly she got up, letting his hot manhood slide from her pussy, causing a torrent of her juices to flow. Both looked at the mess on the bed but the captain kept a stone expression and reached for the tea, bringing the cup to his lips and sipping it with a thoughtful expression.

The girl on the other hand smiled victoriously and started gathering her clothes from the floor. She dressed slowly and seductively, putting on more show than was necessary because the captain was no longer interested in her at all. Nevertheless he had made her feel wonderful, she would have never suspected a man so young to be such a skilled, eager and passionate lover. He couldn't have been more than twenty years old and his blond hair and one dark green eye made him look even younger. His left eye was covered with a leather eye-patch but there was a rumour among the servants on the ship that it was just a ruse to make him look more serious.

Completely dressed, the girl whose name he forgot to ask, leaned over him and kissed his cheek. "Thanks, captain," she whispered and left the cabin leaving him alone.

B. Fatima sighed. He had had high hopes for this beautiful girl but in the end she let him down like many others. She had a killer body, he admitted it, and somewhere deep inside he was hoping she would be the one to finally end his torment. It would have been nice to keep her at his side and make her his pirate bride to pillage and plunder Eridanian planets and colonies with. But his search would have to continue. Putting the cup back on the tray he got up and wiped his body with a sheet, time for a shower would come after the action. Captain B. Fatima opened his wardrobe and picked a simple khaki jumpsuit; putting it on he noticed to his dismay that someone had embroidered a yellow crown on the left breast pocket. He had taken some time to remove all such markings from all of his clothes but someone, Old Maison probably, thought it his duty to put them back again. Biting a slice of lemon the captain left his cabin and went to the bridge of The Sneezing Kraken, the most fearful pirate ship in the known space.

*

Kyla Stark propped a black booted foot up against her bed, reclining in a chair as she studied the star map in her hands. This journey was becoming tedious and boring...more of a chore than she liked to admit. Babysitting Lord Zambian's daughter was a little more than she wanted to handle. The woman was a snobby bitch to say the least. Just the thought of her high pitched voice made Kyla shudder with dread. It seemed to linger in her brain...Kyla fix my hair. Kyla be a doll and fetch me a drink. Kyla fetch me my gown, pluck my brows, do my nails, put on my makeup... The list went on and on and on and it was enough to make her want to singe her beautiful locks of hair before strangling the life out of her. But she had a duty...a mission and it would be done.

With a sigh, she stood and straightened herself with a long stretch and padded to the small sink that adorned the tiny cabin she had been assigned. No luxurious quarters here, she grouched internally and surveyed her appearance. Soon her highness would want to be pampered after her nap and it was Kyla's duty to serve her bitchness until she was safely dropped at their destination. 

Patting her long sable hair, she leaned forward and examined her eyes, making sure their color was just right. A little tweak of the small device just behind her neck would assure that her appearance was sufficiently altered. Even her skin was a nice soft brown color...as if she had basked in the sun all day long on the beaches of Flax. Smiling at her reflection, she tugged and smoothed down the plain black flight suit she wore and turned to leave the room.

A loud blast sounded suddenly, the shift of the ship sending Kyla sailing from one end of her small cabin to the next, tumbling over a stationary chair and knocking the breath out of herself. "What in the..." She wheezed, clutching to the side of the chair for support. "Shit, that hurt...I knew the captain was an idiot, but does anyone listen? No!"

Alarms were buzzing, bells and whistles...every light and sound in the blasted ship was going off. For a horrible minute Kyla stood in her doorway and just stared. People were screaming as sparks flew and smoke began to slowly glide down the hallways of the ships main quarters. Hands on her hips, Kyla shook her head and cursed under her breath. This had NOT been part of the plan.

A shriek pierced the air over all others, turning her eyes to find it's owner. "Kyla!" Their was her 'mistress', long golden hair undone and knotted and dress looking somewhat askew. She supposed that was what happened when one never learned how to dress themselves. "Kyla! Get me out of here! I can't be taken by pirates!! Do you know what they do with nobility!?" She shrieked, her hands grabbing onto Kyla's suit. "Slavery Kyla! Slavery! I would become some mans..." She shuddered and wailed, "sex slave! Or worse!! A common house maid or worker!"

God forbid. Kyla thought to herself and trying not to let her disgust show through. "Come...there has to be flight pods close by."

Taking her hysterical baggage, Kyla pulled her along as she wailed and sobbed about the horrors that would befall them. "Why me? Why not Sinta!? That little witch would have loved this!" Kyla muttered to herself, shoving her tiny body through the throngs of people running for safety. Run! Hide! Pirates! Everyone was had lost their minds.

*

The assault on the Eridanian ship was shorter than most of the Kraken's crew would have liked. First of all the warning salvo that was supposed to throw the victim off balance hit the aft with full force taking out the engines and the comm array at the same time, leaving the cruiser a sitting duck, plump and ripe for the picking, as Fatima's first mate had put it. The Eridanian, who's name was lost along with its engines, protested weakly by firing her port laser cannons but the shots either missed completely or were stopped by the Kraken's shields. Some men on the bridge grumbled and cast nasty glances at the firing officer for his good aim and effectiveness. He was a new crewmember, he didn't know any better. Therefore, he would suffer. Soon. And greatly.

The boarding parties quickly moved to the Eridanian in small shuttles and proceeded to occupy the victim ship by taking over her strategic components and slaughtering the few soldiers who were brave enough to try and oppose them. The rest of the crewmembers and passengers were apprehended and quickly transported back on the Kraken where their fate would be decided. The Eridanian was stripped of all that was useful or valuable, even the chrome faucets were deemed useful by one of the overzealous pirates, not to mention the contents of all safes and strongboxes, lacy underwear, diaries, medals, food and drink (including one of the best vintages of Centaurian red, several hundred crates thereof), and cute furry animals that made their living in the engine room. All that was left behind was really useless junk or items too big or to heavy to carry out in hand and a few strategically placed demolition charges that would turn the once proud, and forevermore nameless Eridanian ship into a drifting husk.

All the captured men and women were gathered in the Kraken's cargo bay and segregated according to the tradition, that is: men to be sold into slavery, children to be brought the pirates' secret headquarters for brainwashing and anti-Eridanian indoctrination, ugly women to be sold into slavery (unless they were skilled in cooking which lead them to the aforementioned headquarters as well so they could prepare meals for the children), pretty women to be sold into brothels in various galaxies, and finally the exceptionally beautiful women who were given various serving posts onboard The Sneezing Kraken (at least this was the official version given to the families of those who hadn't ended up on the slave market). There was also another reason to keep so many beautiful and attractive women on the ship despite the bad luck they were usually bringing with them but it was never made public.

"I demand to be let go!" a sudden shriek pierced above the hubbub of the cargo bay, surpassing even the decibels produced by the noisy loading cranes. "Do you have any idea who I am, you unshaven brute?!"

For a moment a blissful silence fell over the busy cargo bay and only some machines dared break it with their steady hum. Someone coughed, someone sneezed, a small girl whimpered telling someone that she needed to pee and then a terrible laughter erupted from the gathering of pirates performing the selection of their captives.

"I am Lord Zambian's daughter!" the lady cried again which only heightened the general amusement.

"Of course you are, lil' missy," a pirate answered. "Now shut yer pie hole before I stick something in it!"

"You... you... you wouldn't, would you?" the young woman whimpered, suddenly not so sure of herself.

"Try me, missy, and you'll see," the man's tone turned cold and menacing.

"Captain on the deck!" someone cried but nothing actually changed and everything proceeded as it had, that is in a complete mess. Captives were constantly whining and trying to skip to another group, giving the crew a headache.

Several minutes later a blonde, one-eyed man approached the gathering. He looked a little out of place among his men because it seemed he was ten or more years younger than everyone else and yet all pirates treated him with esteem and obeyed him, moving out of his way and bowing as he passed. The young captain popped the rest of a marshmallow he was eating into his mouth and wiped his hands on a white handkerchief. Blinking with his one good eye he looked at the captured men, women and children, and some aliens too, and looked questioningly one of his subordinates. "What's with the commotion, Mister Swoon?" he asked.

"We were just finishing the selection, youn... I mean, captain," the man quickly corrected himself. "Some were a bit troublesome."

"Indeed? Who exactly?" the captain asked and Swoon pointed to the lippy girl who dared raise her voice. "I see." The blonde man approached the girl and looked at her from very close, making her take a step back and collide with a woman standing behind her.

"I am..." she started and looked over the captain's shoulder at the man who had threatened her earlier. "I am Lord Zambian's daughter and..."

"Of course you are," he cut her short. "Mister Swoon, what is this woman doing here? She's in the wrong group!"

The girl jumped, hope suddenly lighting up her eyes and she straightened her back, trying to look majestic and important.

"Is she, captain?" Swoon asked, looking at the girl and his captain with uncertainty.

"How many times do I have to tell you that females of all captured species with bust size smaller than 35B are to be removed from the servant group?! Just look at her!" The young pirate pointed to the girl's chest. "She's flat like an ironing board and completely not my type, therefore..."

"...brothel material, yes, captain. I'm sorry, captain."

"Kyla, no, don't let them take me, I beg you." Finally understanding her predicament, Lord Zambian's daughter turned to the woman standing behind her and grasped her hands.

"Oh, please, spare me the scene," the captain sighed and yanked the whimpering girl away, pushing her towards another group of women. Then he made eye contact with Kyla and first he paled, then he blushed and the he smiled charmingly and made a gallant bow before her, taking her hand in his and kissing her knuckles. "Welcome to The Sneezing Kraken, beautiful lady. I am B. Fatima, your new captain." He smiled again, holding her hand with both his. "Gentlemen, the usual, interview those staying and give them appropriate posts. You may have fun with the rest! Men or women!"

*

Kyla couldn't believe her luck, as men from the pirate ship roughly hauled everyone's butts into the ship and began arranging people into strange groups. The screaming, the whimpering and complaining was too loud to make out all that was going on, but one thing she knew for sure was that her voyage had suddenly taken an interesting turn. The Sneezing Kraken! The one ship had she been after and the Captain were now going to be at her mercy...oh she was sure of that. Her hands practically itched to lash out and kick the living stuffing out of the men stripping her of any potentially valuable possessions and weaponry. They made no effort to hide their intentions as hands groped her ass and bosom, one of them sliding up between her legs with a lewd cackle. Internally she blocked it all out...because as soon as she had a chance his nuts would be hers and his screams music to her ears!

Her simpering baggage however was another matter. She wanted to slap the stupid girl for opening her mouth and wasn't at all sorry to see her go...Good riddance! Thankfully she was lucky enough to get into the group that would be staying on board. What she hadn't planned on was the Captain's attention. The man was strangely enough, younger than his crew...or so it seemed. His long blond hair was pulled back from his face, tied into a pony tail at the nap of his neck, but strands of it still floated loose, framing the sides of his face. His one green eye looked sharp and intelligent...the way he stood spoke of confidence, perhaps laced with a big dollop of cockiness. Now what? Who was this man?

Her first instinct was to step back from him as he bowed and then took her hand, but Kyla never stepped away from a challenge. However his closeness only proved how much bigger he was than her...his shoulders impossibly broad, but his body by no means fat. The man was lean and mean, easily seen even with his suit on.

Warm lips caressed her skin, making her skin tingle and stomach dipped and flutter. Gritting her teeth, she fought to pull back. This was her chance to hitch a ride and then find a way out of chaos.

"A pleasure, Captain, I'm sure." She managed to respond as he turned his gaze back to hers. 

He made a deep Mmm sound in the back of his throat, strangely like a purr as he flashed her another dashing grin. "Why don't I show you to your quarters."

It wasn't quite a question, but a statement as he pulled her forward and slid her arm around his, tugging her along. She stumbled a second and caught herself, their height difference making her have to adjust their joined arms. 

"I take it that I am to stay?" She asked him, trying to sound passive and sweet as she would have for her 'mistress'.

*

Fatima looked down at the girl for a moment before answering... Something in her voice made him cautious as it seemed strange but then he just realized this could have been her manner of speaking. There were many planets in the known universe where people were brought up and with cultural differences various speech mannerisms were not uncommon. His eyes slid along the interesting curves of her bosom and with a smile her replied. "Yes, you and all the other girls from your group. We have a constant crew rotation on the ship so I am after fresh blood all the time." The captain saw it proper to omit that more than once he was the one to draw this blood and it wasn't a lethal method at all.
