 "Does he know I'm coming?"  Delia asked.  She pulled her fur hood closer around her.  The winter winds still swept down the mountains onto the fragile city.  She pulled off her gloves and touched her mount's shoulders.  She sent a wave of gentle heat and assurance. 

"Of course he does, don't be silly," Reeve answered her.  He was the only one who spoke to her in that manner.  Jend raised his blue eyes and frowned at him.

Clev also frowned at Reeve.  Luc ignored the two, as they had argued since they left her chateau an hour ago.  Reeve was good for Delia.  His steadfast arrogance helped calm her.  

The five made their way to the remote training villa where Rojer lived.

She had protested against all of them going.  Many men would have problems being faced with the reality of life as a companion.  Other men who had the right to touch and share her.  Bringing Clev and Jend would have been bad enough, but bringing the twins would be overwhelming.  Many men could not understand the bond between the three and would find it unnatural.  

Delia gritted her teeth as they passed through the gate.  She kept her chin held high as she passed the ranks of the guard. There were whispers as she entered the villa.  Delia threw one leg over the saddle and lowered herself into Reeve's arms.  He set her down upon the slate-covered ground. Luc came behind her and removed her traveling cloak and took her gloves.

Delia's quick eyes found Rojer, bigger by half than the other men around him.  The arrogant look on his harshly-lined face did not bode well.  His sable hair fell almost to the collar of his uniform.  He ran an irritated hand through it as he looked at her.

Delia's red curls were swept up and piled on top of her head, making her green eyes appear cat-like in their grace.  From her small ears, golden chimes hung down to her shoulders.  The spectacular green velvet dress accenting her generous bosom and small waist.  The flaring skirt hinted at her hips.  She had removed her outer gloves, but kept the gold silk ones on until he asked for her touch.

"Rojer, this is Priestess Delia.  She has come to answer your questions," Jend made the introductions.  Rojer barely looked at the other men around her.  His eyes bit into hers savagely.

"Perhaps we could talk in private?"  Delia asked, beginning to think it was hopeless.  Rojer nodded and led the way.  Delia followed him quietly, not sure if he wanted her to talk to him.  His stride was easily twice hers and finally in exasperation he sat on one of the couches lining the hallway.

"What do you wish to know?"  She asked finally.

"What would my life be like as your companion?"

"You would live in my chateau, with your own private quarters.  You may spend your time in study, training or any other way you wish."

"Until you called upon me."

Delia nodded.  This was what most companions asked of her, the mating requirement.  All men in their society were chaste until they touched the energy crystals.  If they glowed dimly, the men could take a wife.  If they glowed brightly they would be examined by a priestess for their harem.  If either man or priestess declined, they were free to take a wife.  If they flashed and glowed to rival the sun, they were expected to join a harem.  And somehow the priestess would help ease him into the harem.

"I would not come to you unless I needed a surge.  Surge love making is much more strenuous than ordinary lovemaking.  Most companions can create a surge once a week, the strain is too great for them otherwise.  You are welcome to speak to either me or my companions about your role.  They would be happy to help you learn.  You may discuss me with them, though I will not discuss them with you.  Each relationship is private and sacred."  She took off her gloves and offered him her hands.  He refused them.

"I will serve you as a wife in the bed chamber whenever you desire me, if you desire me."  She said quietly.  Sometimes no matter how powerful the energy, there was no attraction between a man and a woman.

"You may touch me in courtship."  Delia closed her eyes as his hands twisted in her hair, freeing it.  The waist-length curls fell down her torso.  Rojer twisted his hands in the waves and used them to pull her closer.

"If I desire you?"  He murmured against her throat.  Delia tipped her head back as his mouth moved over her neck.  He pulled her body against his and she could feel his hardness press against her belly.

His hands moved over her breasts with rough urgency.  Clumsily, he fumbled with the fasteners of her gown.  Delia laid a restricting hand on his shoulder.

"Rojer, you mustn't..."

He growled low as his lips found her throat.  He sucked hard against her soft skin, causing her to wince.  She resisted the urge to push him away from her until she felt his teeth against her skin.

"Rojer!"  She pulled out of his grasp and took several steps away from him.

He made a movement to come after her, but she shook her head.   Delia sighed, then made her way back to her companions.

Delia turned away from the sunset as Rojer entered her chamber.  He wore the loose leggings and doublet of the companions now, though his was black silk and velvet.  He strode purposefully towards her.  His jaw was set tightly and a small tick showed near his mouth.  He was furious.

"You sent for me, priestess."  He bit out harshly.  Delia sighed.  It was to be one of those meetings.

"Yes, Rojer.  I thought perhaps we could talk about how you are settling in here."

"I am not 'settling in', priestess."  His fists tightened.

"I know, Rojer.  You have denied me at every turn, and fought with Jend."  She raised his cut fist to her lips.  The knuckles were split apart.  Her eyes on his, she kissed the small wounds.  She opened her robe with one hand and placed his hand upon her breast.  His hand contracted automatically, bruising her soft skin.  He hauled her against him and his mouth came down on hers hard.  His tongue invaded her mouth as she gasped from the passion that rolled over her like a tidal wave.  She pulled his hand from her body and kissed the now healed skin.

"This is a small part of what I can do.  Rojer, there is so much more to this, can you not relax?"

"Relaxation, priestess, is that what you want?"  Rojer jerked out of her arms and began to remove his clothes with an anger that bordered on fury.

When he stood naked before her, he grabbed her, tearing off her robe in his haste.  His hot eyes roamed over her generous breasts with a hunger that was uncontained.  She trembled from the power in his muscular body as he lowered her to the bed.  He pulled her legs apart and made to enter her.  Delia put her hands around his wrists, using a small bit of energy to restrain him.  "Do not do this, Rojer.  Raping me shall not ease you."  	

"Let me go!"  He struggled against her enchantment.  Sweat broke out on his dark skin.  He looked down at his manhood, inches away from the center of her.

"Touch me without fury and you shall find yourself freed." Rojer was surprised at being able to touch her pale breast.  He circled the tip, watching the way she responded to his touch. Again he moved to enter her, but found himself unable to move. He groaned and rolled off of her.  He moved to the edge of the bed and placed his feet on the ground, lowering his head to his hands.  

"I do not know what you want from me!"  He said between clenched teeth.

Delia moved to him, pressing her breasts against his back as she held him.  As a guard, he had the barest notion of mating. His whole sum of knowledge being to put his manhood into the place between a woman's legs.  She hated the ignorance their culture fostered in men.  It made courtship a thing of  frustration and fear.

“Get the mating out of your mind.  Just touch me for now.  Learn what you and I like before worrying about the joining. Talk to Luc or Clev, if you cannot talk to me."

Rojer stood, his face red with anger.  "You want me to ask your other lovers what you like in the bedchamber?  You are obscene!"  He jerked his clothes back on and left the chamber.

Delia sighed and lay back on the bed.  Things were not going well.  Rojer's refusal to speak to anyone made the bed a battleground.  His instincts were against him.

Someone knocked at her door.  She pulled a blanket over herself as Reeve entered.  He saw her robe on the floor and picked up the torn cloth.  She saw his mouth flatten as he saw the rip running down the center.  In seconds he had crossed the chamber and was pulling the blanket from her.

"That bastard!"  He roared.  Her breasts were black and blue from Rojer's rough handling and her thighs showed where he had forced her legs apart.

"No, Reeve, I'm unhurt," she insisted.  Reeve's strong arms separated her thighs gently to search for blood.  When he found her untouched he trembled from the force of his relief.

"I don't care how much we need him, if he had raped you I would tear him apart with my bare hands!"  He swore, cradling her against him.  She sobbed once, trying not to cry.

"Cry, darling, Goddess knows you deserve it."  Delia cried against his chest as he soothed her.  He saw Luc enter the chamber over Delia's head.  He nodded.  Luc sat down on the bed and caressed her back.

"Did he?"  Luc asked quietly.  Reeve shook his head.

"Why does he hate me so?"  Delia asked.  Reeve ran a hand through her tangled hair.

"He doesn't hate you, he loves you.  Insanely, jealously as a man loves a wife who is his alone.  He dreams of you and must pull one of us from our beds to sword train in the middle of the night."  Luc answered.

"He won't ask us how to touch you, so his rage has turned him into a seething animal."  Reeve added.	

"I need his power, but I can't let him rape me."  Delia whispered.

Reeve tucked her head back against his chest.  "You shouldn't let him touch you at all, if he cannot control himself."

"I have my duties..."

"Duties be damned!  No maid should be taken brutally, priestess or not!"  Reeve said hoarsely.

"Do you remember our courtship?"  Luc asked them.  It always brought smiles to their lips to remember the courtship three years ago.  A virgin priestess and two virgin companions.

A small giggle found its way through Delia's tears.  "None of us knew what to do and we had no one to ask."

"But it was fun to learn," Luc quipped.  The tangle of three people trying to mate had been frustrating, but they could laugh without embarrassment now.

"How did you decide who would take my maidenhead?"  Delia asked.  She had often wondered.  The men shared a smile.

"I couldn't hurt you like that," Luc confessed.  "I knew I could not push my way into your body, making you bleed."

"It was hard enough for me to roll away from you, seeing your tears and your blood upon me."  Reeve smiled gently.  "Luc wouldn't mate with you until he was sure you would bleed no more."

Delia touched the gentle man's face.  Reeve had mated with her for almost two weeks before Luc had given her his virginity. "I never knew why," she whispered.

"Besides I was afraid," Luc admitted.  "You two always looked like you were in pain and the cries from your throats made me sure mating was a horrible business."  He grinned, causing the other two to laugh.

“How wrong you were," Reeve chuckled.  Although Luc was always with them when they made love, he seldom entered her until after Reeve had.  He and Luc had spoken often about their double husbandry.  Reeve and Luc had each wanted private time with her, but no way to ask.

The two men looked at each other and nodded.  "Would you take one of us tonight?"  Luc asked.

"Yes," she stayed in Reeve's lap, but twined her arms around Luc's neck.  He kissed her gently before leaving the room. Reeve knew she needed his gentleness now.  Reeve stretched out on his side with her back pressed against him, her bottom snug against his manhood.  He ran his hands through her hair as she whispered his name.

Reeve reached around her as he pinched her nipples gently. He pulled her leg across his, opening her to his touch.  His fingers caressed her, bringing forth damp heat.  He enjoyed her soft cries, loving the fact that he alone caused them.  Her hands cradled his head as Reeve moved himself to enter her from behind.  Gently he eased into her, watching his hands move across her breasts.  She arched her back, her breath coming out in quick gaps.  Reeve twisted her head around so he could kiss her, something he rarely did.  She cried out as her joy took her and he swallowed her cries.

Reeve rolled her beneath him.  Her eyes were wide with surprise.  Reeve never took her face forward.  The warm look in his eyes as he opened her legs and placed them around his hips almost made her cry.	

"I can be gentle, too, Delia."  He whispered as he sucked gently on her breasts.  Delia's hands roamed across his chest, tangling in the soft hair there.  One hand stole down to prepare her for him again.  She whimpered as his finger eased into her. He then replaced his hand with himself, his mouth moving upon hers as he moved inside her.  Reeve watched her face as her orgasm took her, finally knowing the beauty of her face as she cried out his name.  He thrust into her three more times before his cries joined hers.  He fell upon her, breathing heavily.  When she tried to move, he rolled them over so she was on top.

Delia smoothed his hair from his brow.  She reached over and took a wine glass in her hand.  She took a large sip and lowered her mouth to his.  Reeve opened his mouth eager for her as the spiced wine ran into his mouth.

"Minx," he said hotly.  He propped his head up on a few pillows and drank the rest of the wine.  Delia looked down at his handsome body.  The tanned skin roughened by hair.  She leaned over him and ran a teasing tongue down his chest.

"Delia, I cannot," he whispered, moving himself against her hot mouth.  He sipped the wine as his fingers threaded through her hair.  Her hands cradled the soft rod between his legs. Within moments she had taken him into her mouth.

"Perhaps I can," he groaned in torment.  He grew hard again in her mouth as her tongue whipped fire.

He tried to touch her to return the favor, but she slapped his hands away.  Reeve shouted as ecstasy overcame him. Afterwards Delia moved back up his body and sipped the forgotten wine.

"Goddess," Reeve whispered.  "You've never done that to me before."	She nodded.  She had refused any lovemaking in bed that she, Luc and Reeve could not share.  But this stolen moment with Reeve was different.

"You deserve your own time with me," she snuggled against him.  "Luc has his time when you are exhausted, but you never have asked for it."

"Ah, darling.  Had I known you were capable of such a thing, I would have demanded it!"  He laughed.  "Luc has never mentioned it."

"He thinks it is perverse.  He is very pure in his ways. Where you are my dark lover," she kissed him.

"I like that.  You're dark lover, 'though I am no darker than Luc, except in my ways."  He yawned and made to leave her but she would not let him.

"Stay with me," she asked, her eyes running over his body.  Reeve swallowed and sank back onto the bed beside her. 

Reeve whistled as he entered the common room.  Rojer was lifting weights, trying to work off his sexual frustration.  His scowl was black as he looked at the relaxed Reeve.

"You took your sweet time," he grunted.  

Reeve crossed to him and leaned close to him.  "You frightened her.  She needed me to erase the feel of your brutality from her."

"He returned hours ago," Rojer motioned over to the now awake Luc.  

"Dark fear is not something Luc is prepared to deal with.  He knows that and that is why he left us to mate alone."  

"You..." Rojer swung at Reeve.  He ducked gracefully and had the larger man on the floor in a second.  

"I understand her, as Luc does.  She takes care of our families and us.  In return we take care of her.  You touch her with such force again, and she won't be the only one with bruises."

Reeve kicked the man with such force, Rojer grunted.

"I owe you thanks, my not so friendly friend.  Without your bumbling I never would have known what it was to have her to myself."  With that, Reeve spun on his heel and went to his room.