 Kelethia wandered through the halls of the abbey, wearing the crimson silk robe. It fit her perfectly, though it was cut much lower than anything she had ever worn before. With so much of her flesh revealed, she felt as though everyone was looking at her - especially the men. It was an uncomfortable feeling at first, being the object of such attention - but before long, she began to enjoy it.

She stopped and talked with one of the men, smiling at him in a way that she had never smiled at any man before. She wanted him to look at her - and he did, especially when she tugged her robe open a little further, then a little further still. She said something to him in a soft voice - something naughty that she had never dared to say to any man. He leaned down and began to kiss the nipple that she offered to him, and she smiled in delight as his tongue nudged her sensitive, swelling flesh. She reached down into his pants, without fear, without hesitation. It was hard and throbbing. He wanted her, and she was ready.

Right here, in the hallway, with everyone watching. She heard the gasps as her robe slid to the floor, as she slid to the floor, her legs spreading open. His hard, strong body was on top of her; his hard, strong cock gliding against her moist pussy. No delay, no hesitation - he plunged inside her. Voices were shouting now, telling them to stop. But he wasn't going to stop, and Kelethia laughed in delight as he fucked her faster. She wrapped her legs around him, urging him on with her lusty moans... 

"Sister Kelethia!"

Fucking her...harder...faster...

"Sister Kelethia!"

No, don't stop! I'm so close!

"Sister Kelethia, wake up!"

Kelethia opened her eyes and felt herself being shaken. "What do you want?" she hissed angrily.

Sister Elanessa looked flustered. "I...I'm sorry, Sister, but you were moaning in your sleep."

"So?"

"I thought you were having a nightmare."

"Well you were wrong. I was having a nice dream, and you ruined it."

Elanessa looked upset. "I'm sorry, Sister, but you were getting louder and louder. I was afraid that you would wake everyone."

Kelethia sighed and rubbed her eyes. "No, it's all right. I shouldn't be angry about it. It was just a dream."

"Umm...what were you dreaming about?"

Kelethia glanced blearily at the young blonde priestess. Did she suspect? "Nothing. Go back to sleep."

*****

She had been having the dreams every night. Sometimes she woke to an orgasm, her fingers urgently stroking her wet sex. Other times, her cries disturbed the others, and she had to wait until they were asleep before she could touch herself again.

The dreams had been getting more and more intense, and she was coming more and more often. She never used to remember her dreams, but these were different. Not only did she recall them with vivid clarity, but they were starting to pervade her conscious thoughts. While others were studying in the library, she stared absently at the pages and daydreamed about disrobing and spreading her thighs. During the morning sermon, she gazed at Father Abbott and thought about all sorts of ways to seduce him. There was a cock underneath that robe - she could make it grow, make him shove it inside her...

Her walks in the forest grew more frequent, and she was getting into the habit of leaning against the mighty trees and fingering herself as she recalled lurid scenes of passion and wickedness from her dreams. A lumberjack almost caught her doing it yesterday; she barely managed to yank her hand out of her crotch as he strolled past her, carrying a bundle of logs. Maybe next time she wouldn't bother; maybe she would just keep stroking herself, letting her robe fall open...

"Umm, Sister Kelethia?"

"Oh, I'm sorry, Ganden. My thoughts were elsewhere."

"That's all right. Should I keep reading?"

"Yes, please continue."

Ganden was a handsome boy from Goldshire, not much younger than Kelethia. She had been teaching him to read, and it was slow going. While he stumbled over the words, her eyes kept drifting to the window and to the trees outside. Where was that lumberjack right now?

While the boy mumbled, she quietly slipped a hand inside her robe. Her nipple was as hard as she thought it would be, and it needed to be stroked. Her fingers went to work, gently probing her tit and rubbing it in little circles. The familiar warmth was spreading through her; she knew she would soon be wet.

She looked at the boy beside her. He could suck her nipples. She could ask him to do it. But that would be terribly wrong. She was a priestess of the abbey, and he was barely nineteen years old. How could she do such a thing? But the lust was stirring within her, getting stronger with each passing moment. She could do it; she could have him, and no one would know. Her fingers pinched her swelling nipple, softly tugging it.

He gave her a brief sideways glance, not daring to let his gaze linger. He tried to continue reading, but he was having much more difficulty than before. She reached toward his chin and gently turned his face toward her while she opened her robe. His eyes went right to her exposed breasts, and a crimson stain spread across his cheeks.

"How soon will your parents be home, Ganden?" she asked softly.

*****

She led him upstairs and told him to lie down on his parents' bed.

"But...my own bed..."

She shook her head and began to take his clothes off. He managed to stammer a few half-hearted protests, but she could feel the bulge in his pants. He would not be able to resist her.

His cock was beautiful. She kissed its tip, her tongue slithering around it, making him moan. He was completely in her power, and it was a delightful feeling. She covered his penis with her mouth, sucking it, tasting its hard, throbbing length. He was already so close; it wouldn't be long before he exploded. She began to move her head up and down, her lips gliding along his glistening shaft, her tongue bathing it with saliva. He was moaning louder now, his fists grabbing the bedsheet - his parents' bedsheet. She moved her head faster, sucking him, sucking him...

And like a young lion of Stormwind he roared, pumping burst after burst of hot cream into her mouth. She drank it all, savoring the taste of her first conquest, her eyes darting up at her helpless prey.

*****

When she visited him again the next day, he said that what they had done was wrong, and that he shouldn't see her again. She simply took his hand and led him upstairs, to the bed that wasn't his. He objected, of course, demanding that she leave at once. But his attitude changed when she slid out of her robe and lay naked on the bed, spreading her thighs. He stood there for a moment, and she smiled, idly stroking her nipples as she watched him struggle with temptation.

It wasn't long before he pulled his trousers down. She laughed in delight as his cock squirmed inside her, filling her wet tunnel with delicious flesh. He fucked her as fast as he could, needing to feel that ecstasy again. She moaned as he savagely plunged in and out of her. Gone was the shy boy who stumbled over words; now he was a crazed animal, maddened by lust. He would stop at nothing until he got what he wanted. He stared hungrily at her bouncing breasts, fucking her faster and faster, grunting as his penis drilled her sopping cunt. And finally, that triumphant cry as he erupted inside her, filling her womb with his hot seed.

*****

On the third day, she walked into his cottage as if she owned it. She shrugged off her robe and crouched down on the soft bear rug beside the hearth, wiggling her ass at him. He fucked her, of course, right then and there, unable to resist such an invitation. His hard meat burrowed inside her, and she moaned loudly as the pumping began.

*****

She visited him again and again, and he grew more addicted to her with each orgasmic spasm. He would do anything for her, as long as she kept feeding him her wet hot sex.

A week after their first encounter, she lay on his parents' bed, which had been dampened many times by their love juices. While his tongue lapped at her drooling twat, it occurred to her that she could get him to fuck other girls, too. Like Elanessa - beautiful, sweet Elanessa, her chief rival for advancement in the abbey's sisterhood. If Elanessa got caught with this boy's penis inside her - or even worse, if she became pregnant - she would be expelled from the sisterhood. That was a horrible thought - or was it?

Ganden began to lick her harder, and she moaned softly while pinching her erect nipples. Now that she had corrupted Ganden, she knew that he would eagerly fuck cute little Elanessa. The trouble was that Elanessa would never allow it. The girl was far too pure and righteous; she would never just spread her legs for the boy, even though Kelethia knew that she thought he was handsome.

The tongue at her crotch was working faster now. With a start, she realized that it wasn't Ganden who was eating her; it was Drusilla! The raven-haired woman looked up at her and smiled for just a second before returning to her pussy feast. Kelethia moaned louder as the witch expertly prodded her swollen clit. Where was Ganden? Oh, she didn't care...she was going to come! Drusilla's tongue moved faster and faster, tracing quick, wet swirls on her swollen sex bud. Oh, it was too good! She was going to...

She grabbed the bedsheets, her hips bucking upward as she groaned and thrashed. And she suddenly knew, in that moment of blissful delirium, which herbs to gather, how to mix them together to make the fiercest sex drug ever known. With the right dose of it, Elanessa would happily fuck Sargeras himself...

"Sister Kelethia!"

Kelethia opened her eyes. "Yes, Elanessa?"

"You were doing it again." The young priestess stood by the bed, frowning in the light of her candle.

Kelethia realized that her hand was on her crotch, and she could feel sex juice oozing from her pussy. There could be no doubt - Elanessa knew what she had been doing. She glanced up at Elanessa again and was surprised to see that she was blushing. Had she become excited by hearing Kelethia's cries of lust? Had she been watching as Kelethia fingered herself during her wicked dreams?

She smiled. "I'm sorry, Elanessa. I don't know why I keep having these dreams."

"It's okay," said Elanessa. "But you should really get some sleep. You have to get up early if you're going to help that Ganden boy with his reading again."

"You're right," said Kelethia. "He's been making great progress. In fact, I was wondering if you'd like to come with me tomorrow. I'd like to show you what we've been working on."

Elanessa's expression brightened. "Oh, I'd like that!"

"Excellent. Let's start out after breakfast. I just want to gather a few flowers in the woods, and then we'll go over there together."

"I can't wait!" Elanessa beamed, leaving the room.

"Nor can I," said Kelethia, her fingers returning to her wet pussy.

To be continued...