 Anetta stopped writing and looked up as Elanessa entered the study, carefully balancing a tea tray. "You're late," said the abbess with a frown.

"I'm sorry, Sister Anetta," said the young blonde priestess, approaching the desk and placing the tray at its edge. "I was busy with my studies and lost track of the time."

Anetta's frown deepened. Elanessa didn't seem very interested in studying lately. Ever since that day she had accompanied Kelethia to help that Ganden boy with his reading, Elanessa had been acting strangely. She used to spend most of her time at the abbey, quietly meditating or assisting the other priestesses. Now, she seemed to have developed a keen interest in helping other people to learn to read. That was an admirable goal, but almost all of the students she chose were young men.

The abbess had not worried about this at first, because Elanessa had always proven herself to be chaste and virtuous. But now she was starting to wonder. One of the other priestesses had seen Elanessa return to the abbey with a dazed expression on her flushed face and a strange smell clinging to her robes. She had been giving coy smiles to the knights who guarded the abbey, and more than once she had been seen in quiet conversation with some of those stalwart defenders. There was nothing wrong with talk, of course - if that's all it was. But her expression suggested that she was talking about things that had nothing to do with light and holiness. Elanessa had also been talking with Kelethia a great deal lately, and was recently seen leaving Kelethia's room after sunset. What were they doing together? 

Anetta watched Elanessa as poured the tea. "I want to talk to you about Kelethia."

Elanessa paused for a moment, then nodded and smiled. "Yes, Sister Anetta."

Anetta studied the girl. "Look, I do not trust Kelethia, and neither should you. Her behavior has been extremely questionable lately, and I do not want you to follow the same path."

Elanessa nodded. "I understand. You're concerned about her behavior lately." She handed a teacup to the abbess.

Anetta took the cup, noticing that the tea had a strangely pleasant aroma. "This is not the usual blend," she said, momentarily distracted.

"No, it's a special mixture," said Elanessa, her blue eyes bright and eager. "I think you'll enjoy it."

Anetta took a small sip, and raised her eyebrows. "Quite good!" She took a larger sip and felt a tingling warmth spread through her body. "But about Kelethia. If these rumors about her are true, then I may have to dismiss her from the abbey."

"Oh, the rumors are true, I can assure you."

"What? How so?" asked Anetta, drinking more tea.

"Well, for one thing, she has become quite interested in men."

"What do you mean, 'interested'?" Another sip, then another.

"I mean she's been lusting after several young men, including that young boy she was supposedly teaching."

"So she...she has been fornicating?" Anetta asked, taking a larger drink. She was starting to feel light-headed. What was in this tea?

Elanessa nodded. "I'm afraid so. When we were with Ganden a few days ago, she couldn't wait to take her robe off. We weren't there more than two minutes before he was sucking her nipples."

"By the Light, that's awful!" cried Anetta, gulping the rest of her tea. "What else?"

The young priestess smiled and refilled Anetta's teacup. "Well, it wasn't long before Ganden took his clothes off, too. Oh, sister...you should have seen his cock. It was so big and hard!"

Anetta took a big, sloppy gulp from her teacup. "What...what did he do with it?" she slurred.

Elanessa smirked. "What do you think he did? Kelethia was kneeling on the floor, wiggling her ass at him. So he grabbed her hips and shoved that huge dick of his all the way inside her. Then he just kept it there for a minute while Kelethia moaned like a cat in heat. Finally, she started to grind against him, begging him to fuck her. And he did, of course. He rocked his hips back and forth, sliding that thick cock in and out of her wet pussy."

Anetta's head was swimming. She was easily twice as old as the priestesses in the abbey, but her body suddenly felt young and horny again. Elanessa kept describing the sex scene in greater detail, using increasingly filthy words, each of which made Anetta's pussy throb with lust.

"Stop," she gasped, when she realized what was happening. "Stop talking."

"But you haven't heard the best part," said Elanessa, smiling widely. "Ganden kept drilling her wet twat, faster and faster, until finally he couldn't take it anymore. He gave this loud roar, and I knew he was coming, right inside her pussy. He just kept pumping it inside her, and I could see trickles of hot cum dripping down Kelethia's thighs. It seemed to go on forever - and when it finally stopped, his penis got hard again in less than a minute! He was ready for more fucking!"

"No..." groaned Anetta. She felt feverish now, and it was all she could do to resist sending her hand inside her robe, wriggling down to her wet sex. "No!" she gasped, shaking her head firmly. "You will leave at once, Elanessa."

The pretty young priestess grinned and began to untie her robe. "Of course, Kelethia wasn't the only one who got fucked that day." The robe slid from her shoulders, revealing her bulging breasts and blonde crotch. "I couldn't help myself," she purred, leaning down toward the dazed abbess. "They made me come so many times, I forgot who I was. I didn't care anymore." She whispered these last words into the Anetta's ear, then began to plant soft kisses on her neck.

"Get away from me," moaned the abbess, feeling jolts of erotic electricity course through her body as Elanessa's lips slowly trailed down to her shoulder.

"I'm not going anywhere," said Elanessa softly. "And neither are you." She tugged Anetta's robe open.

Anetta should have pushed Elanessa away. She should have fled the room, should have called for help, should have done something. But she didn't. She just sat there and watched in helpless, horny fascination as Elanessa began to fondle her breasts - breasts that felt bigger and firmer than they had in years. She moaned quietly as the young blonde gently tugged at her nipples, making them hard and ripe for suckling. This couldn't be happening!

But it was. Elanessa's hot tongue was flicking, snake-like, against her nipples. Anetta whimpered as the suckling began. First one breast, then the other. Her heart was racing. What was going to happen? Was she going to have sex with this young priestess? She could not allow that to happen...but how could she resist? Her whole body felt as though it was pulsing and throbbing. She wanted sex...she needed sex!

As if reading her thoughts, Elanessa leaned back and grinned mischievously. "I bet you're all wet by now. Let's have a look at that horny little clit of yours!"

The abbess looked down and gasped. Her pleasure bud was obscenely swollen, and it seemed to be growing even bigger! Soon it was poking out of its fleshy hood like a plump strawberry. Elanessa watched it, too, as if waiting for something to happen.

The engorged clit started to emerge from her crotch, followed by a thick, hard shaft that was striated with dark, throbbing veins. Inch by inch, this perverse growth continued to rise up from her lust-soaked groin. A fleshy pouch emerged below the newborn penis, carrying enormous testicles that seemed to pulse with sinister power.

"What...what have you done to me...?" cried Anetta.

Elanessa responded by turning around and leaning over the desk, presenting her bare pussy to Anetta.

Anetta shook her head. "No...I'm...I'm not going to do that." But her penis - her penis! So hard and hungry...she needed to use it. Her fingers tentatively stroked the rigid shaft, and she gasped at the strange, new pleasure it gave her. As she rubbed it, the cock grew even larger, rising up like a ten-inch tower of irresistible lust. She could just stroke it...yes...stroke it like this... Oh God, that felt so good! She could come like this, just by stroking it...she didn't need to fuck a young girl...

But the more she stroked, the darker her thoughts became. There was that pussy, right in front of her. It would be hot and wet - the perfect place to stick her thick, hard cock. And that girl would moan...Anetta wanted to hear how she would moan when she shoved this massive cock inside her tight little hole...when she fucked little Elanessa's pussy...when she fucked her, fucked her, fucked her...

Anetta sprang to her feet and lunged forward, guiding her rigid shaft toward Elanessa's moist slit. The young priestess gasped as the thick knob squirmed inside her. Without hesitation, the abbess savagely rammed her new cock all the way inside Elanessa's wet sex, making the young girl howl with ecstatic agony. Anetta smiled wickedly and began to fuck the young blonde, eagerly plunging her hard organ in and out of her delicious twat.

She never dreamed that such pleasure existed. To think that she had devoted most of her life to holiness and discipline seemed ridiculous now that she had this wonderful cock. Each time it slid inside Elanessa's sweet pussy, it throbbed with ravenous delight. She bucked her hips back and forth, making the young priestess writhe and groan with every swift thrust.

Elanessa soon came, and Anetta laughed as she watched the girl's naked body convulse. But Anetta wasn't done with her yet. She turned the quivering girl around and sat her on the desk, spreading her legs open. Then her cock went back in, and she began to fuck in earnest. She wanted to come. She wanted to come inside this young girl's pussy. She grunted as her body moved ever faster, relentlessly invading the sloppy wet hole with her swollen sex weapon. Elanessa threw her head back, her mouth hanging open in panting, plaintive whimpers as Anetta savagely fucked her.

The cock was swelling now, larger than ever. It was going to come very soon. Anetta stared intently at Elanessa's closed eyes, her parted lips, her bouncing breasts. She was going to cream this horny girl who had once been a priestess. She was going to flood her womb with semen, and there was no way anyone would stop her. Her cock slid faster and faster, churning Elanessa's gooey twat. She could feel the sperm boiling up...any second now! Anetta licked her lips, a trickle of drool sliding down her chin. Oh God, here it comes... She grabbed Elanessa's hips and shoved her engorged phallus all the way in.

A long, loud groan filled the room as Anetta's cock began to erupt. She could feel the hot cream pumping out, and her brain was bathed with overwhelming ecstacy. She kept her massive organ lodged deep inside Elanessa's pussy, feeling its blissful throbs as it steadily pulsed sex juice into Elanessa's quivering cunt. It just kept coming and coming, spurting and quirting, until she could feel the molten syrup dribbling down her thighs. Nothing ever felt so good.

When at last the torrent ended, Anetta pulled her cock out of Elanessa's vagina with a wet slurping and fell back into her chair, momentarily sated. Now she understood. Now she knew the unbelievable satisfaction that came from pumping a hot pussy full of spunk. Why didn't men do this all the time? She was certainly going to!

A rivulet of cum began to cascade from Elanessa's ravaged slit. Rather than the usual silvery color, this cum was as dark as tar. Anetta glanced down at her new cock and saw the black veins glowing with an unholy radiance.

Elanessa opened her eyes and smiled. "That was yummy," she purred, staring at Anetta's penis. "Are you ready for more?"

Anetta nodded. Her organ was already stirring again.

"Good. I'll be right back."

******************

Velanie was returning from the library with an armful of large books when she saw Elanessa emerge from Sister Anetta's door.

"Ahh, Velanie!" said Elanessa. "Just the person I wanted to find. Sister Anetta wants to see you."

Velanie paused. "Can it wait? I just want to return these books to my room."

Elanessa shook her head, smiling mysteriously. "I'm afraid not. Sister Anetta needs you, right now."

Velanie sighed. "Okay."

Elanessa held the door open for the young red-haired priestess. Velanie entered the room and saw Sister Anetta sitting upon her desk, her robe parted wide open, revealing a pair of perfect, bulging breasts topped by swollen pink nipples. But what made Velanie gasp and drop her books was the enormous penis rising up from the abbess's groin. It didn't belong there, but there it was - nearly twelve inches of hard, veined flesh. And beneath it, she could see testicles nestled in their translucent sack, glowing and pulsing like tiny, demonic hearts. It was an abomination - but a beautiful, irresistible abomination. She couldn't take her eyes off of it.

"Sister Anetta..." she murmured. "What has happened to you?"

The abbess smiled wickedly and rose to her feet, her cock pointing straight toward Velanie. The young priestess suddenly realized that Sister Anetta must have fallen under some sort of evil spell, and that she was planning on using that obscene organ on her!

She tried to get to the door, but Elanessa blocked her way. "Let me out!" Velanie cried.

Elanessa shook her head. "The abbess needs you."

Velanie glanced back at Sister Anetta, who was slowly walking toward her. As that sinister penis approached, Velanie could feel herself growing more and more horny. Her pussy was getting wet, getting ready for some fucking...

"No...!" she cried. "Someone, please help me!"

In response, Elanessa began to untie her robe. Velanie feebly tried to stop her, but it was too late. Sister Anetta was standing right in front of her, and that cock was drenching her mind with lust. All she wanted now was to get that awful thing inside her, to feel it slide in and out, in and out, in and out...

She sobbed with a mixture of pleasure and defeat as the spongey knob nudged against her moist pussy lips. "Please...hurry..." she whimpered.

Sister Anetta smiled and thrust her hips forward.

To be continued...