 Kelethia sighed and rubbed her eyes. She had been reading for nearly an hour, but it felt much longer than that. The tome in front of her had been a gift from Sister Anetta. "Study it well," she had said, "for it contains important lessons you will need to learn if you are to become a priestess." Kelethia had started reading it right away, for her greatest dream was to become a priestess. Ever since coming to the abbey three years ago, after her parents died during a Horde raid on Southshore, she had been in awe of the men and women who worked at the Abbey. They had miraculous powers, and everyone admired them. Kelethia wanted to be powerful and admired, too - and when she turned twenty-one next month, she intended to be ready to join the priesthood.

But this text was as dull and dry as anything she had ever read. To make things worse, the room was unbearably hot and stuffy. There weren't enough windows in the abbey to stave off the heat of midsummer. She longed to take off her robe, but the sisters would never allow that. "It is not proper to reveal flesh," they said, "for it may distract people away from spiritual enlightenment." Kelethia didn't feel very enlightened, though, sweltering and perspiring under her thick garments.

Perhaps a walk outside would help. Kelethia closed her book and left the room, slipping deftly through the corridors of the abbey to avoid being spotted by Sister Anetta or anyone else who might frown upon her for shirking her studies. She felt better the moment she left the Abbbey, as a welcome breeze swept through her wavy blonde hair. She strolled off into the woods, clearing her mind of dreary books and smothering rules.

The forest was quiet; the lumberjacks had no doubt gone down to Goldshire for their mid-day meal. Kelethia listened to the pleasant chirping of birds and insects, and smiled to herself as she drifted through the trees. It felt as though the world was at peace, until she heard a strange sound from the woods up ahead.

Kelethia froze. It sounded as though a woman was moaning in pain! Should she run back to the abbey for help? That would take time. Besides, if she was going to become a mighty priestess, she had to learn how to help others on her own, and this might be an opportunity for her to prove herself. With that thought in mind, she marched determinedly toward the trees.

There was something odd about the woman's cries; they were steady, almost rhythmic. In treating the sick and the injured, Kelethia had heard all sorts of sounds that people make when they're in pain, and this didn't sound like any of them. And soon she knew why.

Peeking around the trunk of a mighty oak, she saw a small meadow filled with sunlight, where a dark-haired woman lay on her back. She wore no clothing, nor did the man who lay on top of her. He was moving his hips against her, and Kelethia caught her first glimpse of what lies between a man's legs. It was a thick, rigid shaft, sliding in and out of the woman's underside, making her moan in what Kelethia now understood to be pleasure rather than pain. Her breath caught in her throat; she had never seen anything like this. She stood there, transfixed, watching as the man plunged his hard flesh into the woman, making her gasp and groan.

With a start, she realized that the woman was Drusilla LaSalle, a herbalist who lived in a small cottage at the edge of Northshire Valley. Some of the sisters at the abbey had warned Kelethia to stay away from that cottage, claiming it was haunted by the spirit of a witch who could summon demonic spirits to do her bidding. Kelethia had never believed those rumors, though, because she had seen Drusilla many times during the past few years, providing herbal remedies to convalescing soldiers - hardly the actions of an evil ghost witch. Kelethia suspected that her gossiping sisters were actually jealous of Drusilla's long dark hair and voluptuous body, and the stares that she attracted from the men she tended. What would they think if they saw her now, sprawled out on the forest floor, moaning deliriously? Kelethia knew that the man on top of her was one of the lumberjacks; she had seen him before, but didn't know his name. He was young and muscular, and his face had a rough, almost savage look as he eagerly plowed his way inside her.

Kelethia thought about leaving, but she couldn't. She knew she shouldn't be watching this, but she couldn't turn away. Her heart was racing, and her cheeks felt hot. Every time that man-flesh sank inside Drusilla's wet opening, it made an obscene slurping sound. The sound of their mating echoed through the meadow, through the trees, and through the mind of the entranced young priestess.

A tingling warmth began to course through her belly. Without thinking, she reached down toward her own crotch, her fingers seeking the part of her body that the lumberjack was drilling. Oh, how good that felt! She clawed at the fabric guarding her sex, and her heart began to pump faster.

Drusilla was now climbing on top of the lumberjack. The lustful herbalist began to move her body up and down, slowly at first. She moaned softly each time she sank down, her wet sex enveloping the rigid shaft that awaited her. From her vantage point, Kelethia watched as the lumberjack reached up and caressed Drusilla's breasts, making her smile as she rhythmically writhed atop his naked, muscular body.

Kelethia felt feverish. Her robe was in the way; her hand delved inside it, frantically seeking her own slit. When she found it, she began to rub herself, hard and fast. How wet she was! She could feel warm juice beginning to trickle down her thighs as her fingers did their work. A soft moan escaped her lips...

Oh, no! With a start, Kelethia opened her eyes and saw that Drusilla was looking straight at her. At first, the woman looked startled - but then her lips curved up into a lascivious smile. Her eyes never left Kelethia's as she resumed her slow, sensual movements. "Fuck me," she said, still looking at Kelethia. "Yes, that's it," she purred as the man's hips bucked beneath her. "Come for me...give yourself to me..."

Was Drusilla talking to Kelethia or the lumberjack? Kelethia felt those dark eyes upon her, and rubbed her moist twat even harder. She couldn't help herself! The sight of this beautiful, raven-haired woman basking in her own pleasure, dominating the man beneath her, making him do whatever she wanted him to do... Such power! Kelethia's fingers wildly stroked her swollen clitoris, her breath coming in quick, short gasps now.

"I'm...going...to own you," grunted Drusilla, running her fingers through her long hair. She bounced up and down on the man's hard cock, meeting his thrusts, her mouth hanging open as her orgasm approached. "You'll...be...mine!" With that last word, she threw her head back and screamed her ecstacy to the world. A second later, Kelethia's knees buckled; she sank to the forest floor, her thighs spread as far apart as she could get them, her fingers desperately massaging her turgid, wet pleasure button. She thought she was going mad. Drusilla's eyes...her fingers...her body...that thick, firm organ... Her body was on fire, trembling, convulsing, pumping, throbbing. Hot juice spurted from her slit as she lay panting on the sun dappled grass.

When she came to her senses, the forest was again filled with the sounds of sex. She risked one last glance, and saw that Drusilla was on her back again, and the lumberjack was fucking her gooey sex tunnel for all he was worth. Drusilla was smiling up at him, using that sultry voice of hers to urge him on. Kelethia forced herself to look away, though part of her wanted to keep watching. She staggered to her feet and made her way back to the abbey. She needed a bath - hopefully that would clean away what she had seen and done.

To be continued...