 Amy Benson needed a man in her life, and she needed one badly. It had been almost a year since she had last gotten laid and she even had to replace her vibrator last month. She wasn't looking for a boyfriend tonight, not really. All she wanted, all she needed, was a good fucking by a man. If something would come of it, then great. If not, at least she would get some much needed action.

She looked at herself in the mirror with a critical eye. She wasn't bad looking. She was quite pretty, actually. She took care of herself and exercised regularly. The big three oh was coming along fast, but you wouldn't say so just by looking at her. She posed this way and that, judging the brief and slutty witch costume she had put on. It was Halloween, the night of the slutty female, and she was going to get laid. End of story. Her cousin Julia had invited her to the costumed bash she's throwing at her house tonight and Amy gladly accepted, hoping to meet someone new.

Amy and Julia had been as close as sisters while they were growing up but, ever since Julia had gotten married to Michael, a swell and stable guy with a great sense of humor, she had started to pity Amy for her lack of a man. Amy had the feeling her whole family pitied her and talked about her behind her back. "When is she going to settle down and start a family," they'd say. "How is she going to find and keep a man?" It was the same with her work friends, old school friends and even neighbors.

Some days, Amy felt like at some point, while she was busting her ass through college or internships and getting her career going, someone gave a secret signal for all the people to pair off into stable couples for a lifetime of happiness and Amy had missed it, somehow.

She had no intention of ever going after a taken man. A cunt went after her dad when she was little and broke up her parents' marriage. She had resolved firmly to never even look twice at a married man, or one that was in a stable relationship, and even her long spell of solitude wasn't enough to get her to go back on that principle. Only single guys need apply.

Everyone Amy knew was either married or engaged to be married and most of the married couples already had kids, plural. It wasn't like she didn't want to get married or have kids, she did. She just wanted to have a man with her and not some whiny, little loser. Unfortunately, those seemed like the only single guys left on the planet. And they were single for good reason. Her friends and family had spent the past few years constantly trying to set her up on blind dates with single men they knew, or knew of, and every now and then, when the loneliness of her apartment got to her, she'd fold and accept. 

A sour grin spread across Amy's lips. Those dates left her with a gaggle of believe it or not stories about men. The guys she was regularly set up with were so freaking pathetic, it was laughable. Hardly any of them had a job, and even if they did, it was some lame McJob with no prospects and not even enough cash to let them move out of their parents' house. Yes, it seemed like her friends and family had decided that bottom feeding basement dwellers were man enough for her.

Amy smiled a leering smile at her reflection. Her tits were pushed up into a deep, eye catching cleavage by the brief corset and her firm stomach was left bare. She definitely looked fuckable. Half her costume consisted of talismans and narrow leather bands inscribed with historically accurate representations of pagan deities. When she did something, she did her best to do it right and it was the same with this costume. Of course, old time witches didn't wear as little as she did right now, but that was an unavoidable concession to her perpetual horniness of late. She blew herself a kiss and left her apartment. 

She got into her tiny, foreign car and whispered a brief prayer for it to start after she turned the key. The car let out a lot of disconcerting noise but finally sputtered to life, prompting her to exclaim, "Yes!" She had bought the thing based solely on looks and low price. The bright red color helped sway her mind, too. All her male friends had advised her against it, at the time, and she had recently seen the error of her ways. It was a truly beautiful car and it rode nicely, but at least once in a fortnight it refused to start and forced her to run to a bus stop to get to work on time. It also needed short stays with a competent mechanic a few times a year. She was wearing a thick overcoat to keep out the chill, as the heater in the car was only there for show. She'd buy herself a proper car, but she had grown very attached to the pretty, little thing. Plus, all the money she could spare had already gone to her brother to pay for her nephew's treatment.

This night, however, she whistled a merry tune and put all concerns aside. She needed to present a carefree front to the potential mates at the party if she was to land in one's bed. Driving up her cousin's street, she couldn't find a parking spot until she had come all the way to their house. There, on their very driveway, she managed to squeeze her little, red jalapeno pepper into the small space between a parked, full sized car and the garage door. She squeezed out through the sun roof and smiled. How could she ever give up her car? She went to the door and rang the bell. The party was just getting started and Julia answered the door. They exchanged kisses and Julia took Amy's thick overcoat. Her jaw dropped when she saw the slutty costume, but she made no comment.

Amy's arrival was soon followed by the rest of the guests coming and the party kicked off in full swing. It quickly became clear to her that Julia had misrepresented the party. Amy already knew all the men there and they were all taken. Plus, her costume was, at most, half of what the other women were wearing, leaving her to draw eye after leering eye. Amy sulked in a corner and nursed one beer after the other. People called her to dance with them and she did, but she knew she wouldn't get with a man there tonight and it was seriously bumming her out. She spent more and more time in the kitchen with the booze and she was getting a serious buzz going.

By the time the party was starting to wind down, Amy was drunk. She could still stand and walk, but her eyelids were getting heavy. She sighed heavily as she realized she'd have to ask Julia for a bed to crash on tonight. She was swaying to a pounding beat in the living room and idly looking around for Julia when he caught her eye. He looked like the living embodiment of the "tall, dark and handsome" cliché. His face was finely chiseled and set in a mischievous expression. His eyes bore deep into her soul and made her stop dancing and stand rooted on the spot. He walked over to her, reminding her of a big, predatory cat zooming in for the kill on the plains of the Serengeti. She found herself earnestly desiring to be his prey for the night. To be eaten up whole and consumed.

He towered over her and said, "And who might you be, pretty one?"

His deep voice sent shivers down her spine. Shivers that landed between her legs and started a trickle there. "Amy," she croaked and then found her voice. She blushed furiously and told herself to keep it together. If she didn't get this man to fuck her tonight, she'd go mad and wind up in some random loser's bed before the week was out. She cleared her throat and looked up into his deep, dark eyes. "Amy Benson, adept of witchcraft, at your service, my lord." She curtsied and lost her balance. His strong arms caught her and held her close to him. She could feel his hard body against hers. His smell entered her nostrils and made them flare in excitement.

"And what manner of witchcraft do you practice," he asked in amusement.

She didn't want to make him laugh, she wanted to make him fuck her. The alcohol was being pushed from her veins to her brain by the adrenaline rush of being in the man's arms. In her boozy mind, a plan formed. "I'm a special kind of witch, my good sir..."

"Sam Haines," he said.

"I cast any magic I want," she said, theatrically waving her arms around. "But after I speak the spell aloud, I must pay for it, you see?" She leaned in and conspiratorially whispered, "And I pay for it with sex." His eyebrows rose and he looked at her with a questioning expression. Her lidded eyes drooped a little before she nodded affirmatively. "The bigger the spell, the more I have to fuck to pay for it coming true."

The stranger, whose name slipped from her mind at the moment, nodded approvingly and said, "Bargain struck!" He proffered his hand and she gazed at it in incomprehension, for a few drunken moments, before taking it and shaking it. "And every bargain must be sealed with a kiss." Before Amy could react, he bent down and pressed his lips against hers. Her lips parted and allowed his tongue to enter and explore all of her mouth. She hardly noticed as he swept her up in his arms and took her upstairs. Before she knew what was happening, they were in bed together. Her brief costume was gone, but he insisted she keep all the leather bands and talismans on her.

She lay back on the bed and spread her legs wide to show him how she was teasing her erect clit. He undressed and she had trouble keeping her droopy eyes on his chiseled physique. She nearly passed out, but his rock hard cock splitting her wet pussy wide open brought her back to wakefulness. He slid all the way into her and held there. When she started to squirm under him, he began to fuck her in earnest.

Amy idly waved an arm to make the insistently annoying thing go away. A pinch on her shoulder made her blink her eyes and squint. She looked up at the furious face of her cousin Julia. "This is completely inexcusable behavior, Amy," she berated her. "You have your own home and it would behoove you to take your slutty conquests there instead of soiling my guestroom! I'll have to burn those sheets!" Amy struggled to make sense of her tirade, even as her head was pounding. "And get dressed! Anyone could have walked in and seen you like this! I want you out of my house, this instant!"

Another pinch on her shoulder made Amy sit up and fully wake. Julia turned on her heels and left the room, shutting the door behind herself. Amy took stock of her situation. She was horribly hung over and she realized, with a start, that she was lying naked and spread eagled atop the bed. Only the accoutrements of her costume remained to adorn her naked flesh. She reflexively swept up the sheet to cover up her nudity but stopped as she felt it was damp. She got up, got the room to stop spinning and examined the bed she was lying on. The sheets bore the tell tale stains of sex. The smell was still strong in the air. Amy reached down and felt her crotch. She had sex last night.

Amy groaned as it all started to come back to her. The tall, dark stranger had brought her up here and fucked her senseless. She gathered up her slutty costume and began to put it back on. He had plowed her until she had cum, and then he had placed her on all fours, grabbed her supple buttocks with his huge hands and held her still as he drilled her from behind. She blushed as she remembered shrieking her second orgasm. There were probably guests still downstairs and they might have heard her. Then he had put her on his lap and fucked upwards into her body while he had feasted on her breasts. She winced as she fitted her push up corset over her abused breasts. She couldn't help but grin at the memory of the passionate fucking and many orgasms she had the previous night.

She finished dressing and then a thought made her stop smiling. There had been no condoms involved. "Fuck," she swore softly. A look at the sheets confirmed there were boy juices spilled there last night. She put a hand on her forehead and sighed loudly. She'd have to stop by a pharmacy and buy the morning after pill. She struggled to remember which pharmacy was open on a Saturday. She shrugged and decided to look it up on her phone later. She first needed to do the walk of shame out of Julia's house. Her lips curled into a lopsided grin as she decided to leave the sheets where they were. "Fuck Julia," she thought to herself. Amy squared her shoulders and stood up straight. She put the pointy hat back on and left the room.

Downstairs, Julia glared at her while Michael offered a weak grin and breakfast. Amy held her hand up and said, "Thanks, but no. I really need to get going. Thanks for the invite!" She blushed at her words. It almost made her sound like she was thanking them for getting her laid. "Bye!"

Michael wordlessly stood up and retrieved her coat from the rack. He held it out for her and she put her arms in the sleeves. She gave him one last grin and apologetic look before she ducked out of the house. She buttoned up her coat and shook at the shock of stepping out into the brisk, autumn morning. She trotted over to her car and got in. She turned the key in the ignition and nothing happened. She rolled her eyes and said, "Fuck! Not now, you stupid piece of euro trash! Start, damn it! Start!" Her repeated turns of the key produced absolutely no consequence and she got out. She kicked the quarter panel in frustration and took her hat off to sweep a hand through her tangled locks.

She noted an elderly couple across the street was sitting on their front porch and sipping steaming beverages. They glared at her in disapproval. She didn't know these people, but from the tight set of their lips, she could tell they were curmudgeons. She huffed and turned back to her car. She took a deep breath and tried to calm down. She needed to call AAA to come tow her car and do it quick, as it was blocking Julia and Michael's garage. Then she'd need a cab to go home... "No, wait," she thought to herself. She needed to get to a pharmacy first. She pulled out her phone from her pocket and gasped in betrayal as its battery was dead. She looked up at the leaden clouds above in open mouthed protest and spread her arms wide in a questioning motion.

Finally, she settled for a few quiet curse words. She needed to get back inside and call the cab. The cabby would know which pharmacy was working today. They always knew these things. She'd just have to hope he wouldn't ask her what she needed. She shook her head to herself. She was going to be embarrassed to ask the cabby to stop off at the pharmacy and that's going to make him think she's buying the morning after pill. Which will be the truth. A complete stranger is going to have a pretty good idea of what sort of a night she had and it was all because of her stupid, stinking, red piece of shit car. She wanted to kick it again. She held off, lest the ancients across the street call the cops on her.

She turned to the house and slumped her shoulders. What a fucking morning it was shaping up to become. All because she put on a slutty costume and acted a sexy witch the night before. Her eyes closed and her hands reached into her coat to caress her bare midriff. The very memory of the passionate fucking of the night before was enough to make her heart race. She felt herself becoming aroused and wet and let herself enjoy it, as it was driving away the cold. She stood swaying on her feet for a minute more, just enjoying her body remembering the pleasure it had experienced.

She couldn't stand there forever, replaying the best night of her life, so she opened her eyes and glared at her car. "Fucking P.O.S.," she muttered and looked at Julia's front door. She really didn't want to go back inside. She saw her reflection in the car's window. Her hair was a mess. She stuck her pointy hat over it.

She huffed and snapped her fingers at her car. "Hocus, pocus," she said, "I cast a spell to make you work, you red piece of..." Her voice trailed off as her car's engine turned over. She put her hand in her pocket and drew out the key and looked at it. It wasn't in the ignition. The car had started on its own and it sounded better than she had ever heard it before. 

She shook her head and dismissed all thoughts of the supernatural. "It's an unreliable and capricious piece of technology, that's all," she thought to herself. "I need to get it to a competent mechanic ASAP!"

She heard the door slam and looked over her shoulder to see Michael walking over, fast. Looking back at her car, she brandished her key. "Michael, you're not going to believe what just happened," she started to say, but was interrupted by Michael seizing her arms behind her and shoving her forward. "Michael! What are you doing?" He pushed her to the car and grabbed both her wrists in one hand to pin them behind her back. His other hand quickly unbuttoned her coat. "Michael, this isn't funny! I'll get out of your driveway. Look, the car's working now!" He bent her over the hood and pulled the open coat up high, covering up her top half and leaving her bottom half exposed to the elements, covered only by her short skirt, a thong, stockings and calf high boots. "Michael, this isn't funny!"

He pulled her thong down her legs in one strong move and she was stunned into inaction. Michael was a good guy, a dependable person that wouldn't hurt a fly, and now he had bent her over and exposed her. Before she could even blink, she felt a hot, hard thing press against her still wet opening. Michael shoved his cock halfway into her before he started to pull out. Amy's mouth flew open in shock. As he began to drill her pussy deeper and deeper, she screamed in wordless denial. 

He grabbed each of her hands by the wrist, with one of his own, and used them both to keep her pinned down and to gain better leverage for his thrusts. He plowed her defenseless pussy, paying no mind to her inarticulate screams. Amy was pressed against the warm hood of her car and unable to get away. Her pussy started reporting Michael's thrusts felt much like the intense fucking she had gotten the night before. The sensations prompted a fresh bout of panic. If he kept on with his maddeningly steady rhythm and his hanging balls kept on slapping against her clit like that, she might actually cum. She looked up at the windows of the house, but saw no sign of Julia. If she came out and saw Michael ravishing her, she'd feel betrayed, but she'd probably get Michael off of her. However, if she came out and saw her squirming under Michael's thrusts...

Amy then remembered the old people across the street. She twisted and turned her head and all of her body to toss aside the flaps of her coat and get a peek across the street. They must have called the police by now. She just wanted them to know for certain that this was not her doing, no matter what it might have looked like. Her thrashing made his pistoning cock stimulate all of her pleasure spots and she was involuntarily moaning in delight as he kept thrusting. Finally, she got a glimpse of the elderly couple and let out a scream as they just sat on their porch and paid them no mind. Amy screamed again, but they acted like they couldn't hear her. 

Amy's mind was unable to comprehend what was going on. She was helplessly ravished by a trusted friend, in plain view of the public, and no one cared at all. All she could process was the pleasurable heat generated by the wet friction in her very sensitive pussy. Being pinned down and helpless only made her focus more on her mounting pleasure. Her scream soon turned into one of denial as Michael forcefully shoved his meat into her three times and finished each with a squirt of heat inside of her. His orgasm triggered a release of her own and she wailed as her skin flushed and all of her body tensed and shuddered in unwanted ecstasy.

She felt Michael draw out, zip himself up and walk briskly back into the house. She heaved great big gulps of air and struggled to understand what had just happened. A scream broke through her post orgasmic haze and she turned her head to look at the old people across the street. The woman looked like she might keel over in shock and the man brandished both his cane and a cordless phone. "How dare you expose yourself to us like that, you brazen hussy," the old man bellowed with surprising volume. "I'm calling the police to take you away!"
