 Sister Anetta lunged forward, grunting with satisfaction as her massive cock began to squirt yet another load of sex cream deep inside the young girl, who helplessly groaned and drooled under the thrall of repeated orgasms. Anetta kept right on fucking, slowly easing her throbbing organ back and forth as it pumped the ravaged priestess full of molten cum.

This was the fourth disciple she had fucked tonight, and still her demonic cock was insatiable. Her orgasms unleashed enough semen to impregnate a hundred girls like this one, but it wasn't enough. She needed more pussy, more fucking, more cumming!

She left the girl sprawled on her damp bed, moaning with contentment. Out in the hallway, she could hear murmured conversations in nearby rooms. No doubt the orgasmic howls had awakened some of the girls, who would soon come to investigate. When they did, she would fuck them. No one seemed to be able to resist this unnatural penis of hers. All she had to do was bring it near, and the girls became wet and compliant.

Sure enough, when she opened the door to the next room, she found pretty Lilaine writhing in her bed, moaning lustfully in her sleep. Anetta tugged the covers away and crawled on top of the brown-skinned girl, whose eyes fluttered open with a sleepy mixture of surprise and desire. Desire won out, of course, as Anetta's hard shaft began to nudge against the girl's panties. Those panties were soon on the floor, and there was nothing to stop Anetta's rigid shaft from plunging into Lilaine's sweltering vagina. Anetta stifled Lilaine's moans with a long, passionate kiss while her hips began to undulate.

Lilaine was lost. Her whole body hungered for what Anetta was about to do to her. When the fucking began, she bucked her hips up off the bed, trying to get that delicious meat deep inside her love tunnel. Her clit was as stiff and distended as it had ever been, and it didn't take much cock grinding before she was screaming with pleasure, screaming for more fucking.

And Anetta gave it to her, eagerly pumping that hard phallus in and out of her gooey cunt with swift, steady strokes. Lilaine dazedly reached up and put her hands on Anetta's bouncing breasts, her chocolate fingers stark against Anetta's pale flesh. When she started to tug and pinch those obscenely engorged nipples, the former abbess rewarded her with swifter thrusts, moaning lustily as her cock swelled.

"Sister Anetta, what are you doing?!" came a frightened voice from the doorway. Anetta glanced over to see Rosalie standing there - cute little Rosalie, the eighteen-year-old orphan who had come to the abbey just last week. She looked so innocent with her long blonde curls and white nightgown - but even now, the lust was starting to creep through her. Her cheeks were flushed, and she couldn't take her eyes off Anetta's enormous cock as it slid in and out of Lilaine's wet pussy.

"You're next, Rosalie!" cried Anetta as she savagely fucked the dark beauty beneath her. Lilaine gripped the bedsheet with her fingers, her naked young body twisting and twitching as another climax tore through her sex-soaked mind. With a triumphant groan, Anetta buried her unnatural prick all the way inside the girl's buttery snatch and started to pump her full of devil seed. Lilaine's head rolled from side to side, moaning feverishly as the hot, thick semen pulsed into her womb.

As the dark cum surged into Lilaine's pussy and dribbled down her ass, Rosalie slumped to the floor, desperately fingering her own horny slit. The young blonde had never seen anything so horrible, so perverse...so tantalizing! If only she could think straight, she could have gone for help or at least tried to warn someone. But right now, her pussy demanded her full attention, and she wasn't going anywhere until she had a nice, long orgasm - hopefully with a nice, long dick inside her.

When Anetta's cock finally stopped erupting, the bed was drenched with sticky black cream. The abbess pulled her monstrous organ out of Lilaine's vagina with a wet slurping noise. Her penis actually looked somewhat deflated - for about two seconds. Then it started to stir again, twisting toward Rosalie as if it were alive and sensing a new pussy to plunder.

After fucking Rosalie stupid, Anetta continued to prowl through the abbey. Every girl she found fell victim to cock lust, though some took longer than others. One priestess had to be wrestled to the ground and held there while Anetta dangled her obscene erection near the girl's face. As the seconds ticked by, her struggles slowly subsided, and finally she opened her mouth to allow the dick inside.

The fiercest resistance came from Selinda, Anetta's second-in-command. Though she was only twenty years old, Selinda had shown incredible aptitude in the ways of Discipline. Perhaps that's why she was able to evade the horny aura that surrounded Anetta as she strolled through the abbey, plunging her unholy cock into every vagina she could find.

Anetta finally found Selinda hiding in the attic. The girl was nervously concentrating on a spell that would protect her from evil, and the abbess found that she couldn't get near her. Fortunately, Anetta now had a growing group of sex slaves following her. At her command, these young vixens happily pounced upon Selinda, some holding her fast while others pulled her clothes off. Then they began to kiss, nibble, and lick every inch of the disciple's naked body. Selinda closed her eyes and tried to keep focusing on her spell, but it was getting harder and harder to do so. There were hot tongues lapping against her belly, her hips, her breasts. She tried to keep her thighs clamped together, but someone was pulling them apart, and soon there was a tongue in her pussy, too.

"Concentrate," she told herself. She knew what would happen if she failed; Anetta would get that evil cock inside her, and she would turn into a prurient little slut, just like these girls who were feasting on her flesh. She didn't want to give in, but her body was starting to betray her. Her nipples had become swollen and stiff, and that constant, hot licking felt really good. But the tongue at her pussy was the real danger; it just kept slithering up and down her labia - and every time it flicked her clitoris, her whole body shuddered with excitement.

"No..." she moaned. She tried to focus, but the mouths were getting more insistent. Wet tongues wagged rapidly against her nipples; wet tongues glided tantalizingly up and down her belly and thighs; and that one wicked tongue just kept poking and prodding her love button.

She could feel hot breath on her ear. "Just give in," whispered a sultry voice.

"No..." she whispered, shaking her head. But she knew she couldn't last much longer. Her resistance was trickling away with each pussy slurp, and she was sliding closer and closer to an orgasm that would plunge her mind into dark, unending lust. She opened her eyes and saw a sea of naked girls diligently stroking and sucking her body. Nearby stood Anetta, stroking her massive, unholy cock and staring hungrily at Selinda's wet pussy. Soon, very soon, she would feel that hard meat shoving inside her.

She closed her eyes again, but it was no use; the dick was in her mind now, making it really hard to think clearly. Someone licking her ear, tantalizing hot breath. Sucking her clit. Oh God, sucking her clit. No, she couldn't. Someone kissing her lips; she opened her mouth, let the tongue inside. Sucking her nipples, sucking her clit. Too much, too good. Keep kissing, keep sucking. I don't care anymore. I need it, I want it. Panting now, her hips bucking. Kissing, tongues writhing. She reached up, felt naked flesh, pulled it close. Yes, just like that. Keep licking, keep sucking. Oh God, here it comes...

* * * * *

When Selinda finally gave a long, throaty groan, Anetta immediately lunged forward, pushing aside the girl who had eaten Selinda's pussy and placing the head of her eager penis against the twitching cunt. With a triumphant grunt, she thrust her hips forward, sending her throbbing erection inside the girl's hot, wet hole. Selinda gasped, and her eyes opened with horror.

Anetta leered evilly at the young disciple. "Do you like it?" she asked as she slid her cock out and then plunged it all the way in. Selinda gasped again and put her hands on Anetta's hips, feebly trying to push her away. The abbess deftly grabbed Selinda's hands and placed them on her bulging breasts as she shoved her massive organ inside the young girl again, and again, and again. She laughed wickedly as the fearful, defiant light in Selinda's eyes faded with every thrust.

And then Anetta began to fuck her in earnest. Selinda moaned loudly as the enormous tool glided in and out of her slippery twat. Instead of pushing the abbess away, her hands now caressed the firm flesh of her swaying breasts, thumbing her obscenely swollen nipples.

"Do you like...how I fuck you?" panted Anetta.

Selinda nodded her head.

"Do you want me...to keep fucking...your wet little pussy?"

Selinda nodded again, biting her lower lip.

"I'm gonna...fill you...with cum," Anetta grunted as her mammoth cock sank inside the girl's dripping twat. "Gonna...make you...pregnant..."

"No!" Selinda gasped and shook her head helplessly.

"Yes," the abbess replied, thrusting harder, faster.

"No..." Selinda moaned, throwing her head back as another climax threatened to consume her.

"Want me...to stop?" Anetta panted, fucking her faster.

"No..." Selinda whimpered, deliriously rolling her head from side to side. "No...no...no..."

"Then...here...I...come!" Anetta rammed her throbbing shaft deep inside Selinda's vagina and groaned as the evil cock began to spurt thick gobs of demon semen into the young girl's womb. There was more than ever before, and Anetta's eyelids fluttered ecstatically as her dick steadily pumped a steady barrage of virulent cum inside Selinda, who thrashed and screamed in orgasmic oblivion.

* * * * *

By the time Selinda came to her senses, Anetta's cock was surging inside her again. She gasped with pleasure and surprise. How could that monster have recovered so soon? But here it was, plunging in and out of her sopping wet pussy. It felt amazingly good.

Why had she tried to resist this? She spread her thighs wide apart, mewling as the throbbing weapon invaded her again and again. No prayer had ever made her feel this good. She stared up at the abbess, her face fixed in a ravenous leer, her breasts bouncing wildly as she relentlessly thrust her hips back and forth. This used to be her mentor, her guide in all that was holy and good. And now...now she was teaching her something new, and Selinda was an eager student.

Now that she had tasted Anetta's cock, her former life of devout holiness seemed paltry. Why should she waste her time with prayers when she could be getting her pussy filled? She thought of all the men out there - men she could tease and seduce until their cocks were hard and ripe for fucking.

The devout woman that she used to be was gone. Now there was just a wicked, fuck-hungry slut who would do anything to seduce and corrupt.

To be continued...