 Elanessa might be sweet and innocent, but she wasn't stupid. Sister Kelethia had been acting strangely during the past few weeks, and Elanessa suspected that she was in love with Ganden. Had the two of them been doing more than just reading on these hot summer mornings? She didn't like to think ill of one of her fellow priestesses, but there were suspicious signs. It all started when she began wearing that crimson robe - the one that revealed far too much flesh. Kelethia claimed that she still couldn't find her regular robe, and that the new robe suited her, but Elanessa didn't like the way she smiled when she said that.

And then there had been the dreams. Kelethia called them nightmares, but they certainly didn't sound like nightmares. Why did she often find Kelethia moaning deliriously, touching herself in ways that she shouldn't? It could only mean one thing: Kelethia had given her body to Ganden. The boy had led her astray, and these daily tutoring sessions had devolved into sinful opportunities for fornication.

Elanessa hadn't thought Ganden capable of such things. He was handsome and strong, certainly - she could see how a woman would be tempted to join him in lustful deeds. But he had always seemed like such a kind, virtuous young man. Why had he seduced Kelethia? Well, no matter. Elanessa would do her best to help both of them return to the path of virtue.

With these thoughts in mind, Elanessa followed Kelethia to Ganden's cottage. She was a bit surprised that Kelethia had invited her along; perhaps she had felt guilty and wanted Elanessa to think that she was acting properly. Or perhaps she truly did want to change her behavior, and might be better able to do so with Elenassa there for moral support.

Ganden was waiting for them. He didn't seem surprised to see Elanessa, though she noticed that his eyes flickered down the length of her body, as if he was eyeing a juicy slab of steak that would soon be his. It made her uncomfortable, as did the knowing smile that he exchanged with Kelethia. What were they up to?

The cottage was small but cozy. A group of comfortable chairs surrounded a large bear rug near the hearth, and Elanessa sat near Ganden to hear him read. Kelethia drew a candle from the folds of her robes and placed it in a holder near Elanessa. Its wax seemed to pulse with an eerie green radiance. A trick of the light, she supposed.

"There's plenty of light coming in through the windows," she said.

"Yes, but this is a special candle," said Kelethia. "I made it myself. I think you'll find it has a delightful aroma."

Elanessa shrugged and watched as Kelethia quietly brought the candle to life. Its flame was small but steady, and it seemed to produce an inordinate amount of smoke. The sweet odor was indeed quite pleasant, and Elanessa found herself breathing deeply. 

"Maybe we should..." Elanessa paused as a strange sensation coursed through her body. She felt warm all over, and her skin tingled as if it had suddenly become more sensitive. She could feel the soft fabric of her robe brushing her breasts and belly as she leaned back in her chair.

"Maybe we should what?" murmured Kelethia, a sinister smile on her lips. Her cheeks looked flushed - was she also feeling this strange warmth? Elanessa glanced at Ganden to find him staring at her with that hungry expression. Without meaning to, her eyes darted to his crotch, and she thought she saw a suspicious bulge beneath his breeches.

"I...I don't know..." stammered Elanessa. The tingling was getting stronger - particularly in her nipples and groin. She had a sudden, obscene urge to touch herself, to rub herself, to stroke herself. She would never do such a thing, of course - but the urge was there, and it was growing stronger. "I feel strange..."

"Me too," purred Kelethia. She tugged her robe open, revealing the soft bulges of her breasts. Her nipples were obscenely swollen, like small strawberries waiting to be tasted.

"What are you doing?" cried Elanessa. "You can't just..."

"Of course I can," said Kelethia as she began to stroke her distended tits. "You can, too." She moaned softly. "This feels...oh...so good." She gently pinched her nipples, rolling them between her thumbs and forefingers. "Come on...give it a try." She licked her lips and smiled. "You want to, right?"

Elanessa did want to. In fact, she was finding it difficult to resist. She could feel her nipples grazing the soft fabric of her robe now, longing to be touched and rubbed. She looked over at Ganden and saw that he had taken his shirt off and was starting to remove his pants. She knew what lurked beneath those pants, and her pussy ached for it.

But she couldn't let this happen. She rose unsteadily to her feet, dizzy with sweet smoke. The door was only a few feet away. She had to get out of here before things got any worse, before she gave in to the sinful hunger that was now raging through her groin.

Her hand was almost on the door handle when she felt her robe being lifted up. "No..." she whimpered as someone roughly tugged her panties down. She stumbled to the floor, feebly reaching for the door. "Please...let me...oh!" And there it was - the hot, hard flesh of a cock, nudging against her wet pussy lips. It wanted in, and she wanted it in, but she couldn't let that happen. Her hand found the door handle...

And the cock plunged inside her.

She gasped with pleasure. It was bigger and better than she could have imagined. Her fingers still grasped the cool brass of the handle, but she couldn't seem to find the strength to open it. "Please...don't..."

It slid out, then rammed back inside her.

"Noooo..." she groaned, her forehead slumping against the door.

The fucking began in earnest. She groaned helplessly, her fingers slipping from the door handle as the thick organ slid in and out of her gooey tunnel. She wasn't going to escape. She was going to stay right here and let this virile young stud pump her pussy, all day long.

* * * * *

Kelethia smiled as she saw Elanessa's head sink to the floor. Judging from her gasps and moans, the sweet little priestess was enjoying the feel of Ganden's cock as it slid in and out of her slick twat. And no wonder - Ganden's cock looked like it had gotten much bigger since the last time she'd seen it. An effect of the candle maybe? Kelethia had noticed that her own breasts seemed much larger now, and her nipples were more swollen than she had ever seen them. Stroking them sent currents of lustful delight through her body, and her pussy was practically gushing by the time her fingers found it. After just a few strokes, she was well on her way to a mighty orgasm. Already she could feel hot juice trickling down her thighs. It had to be the candle; she had never been this wet before.

And she wasn't the only one. Every time Ganden shoved his engorged cock inside Elanessa, she could hear the young girl's pussy slurping. The rhythm of their fucking grew faster, and Elanessa's groans grew longer and louder as her hips wiggled and bucked against the invading penis. Kelethia moaned as she watched them fuck, knowing that Elanessa's spirit was being corrupted with each passing moment. After today, she wouldn't be interested in holiness anymore. How could she care about faith and goodness when her pussy was so hungry all the time?

Ganden was grunting like an animal now, savagely thrusting his massive prick in and out of the young girl's quivering snatch. Kelethia's fingertips danced upon her own feverish crotch, keeping time with the horny couple. Her clit was obscenely turgid, and every stroke made her gasp and writhe. She would need Ganden's cock soon - but not until he was done with Elanessa. She watched eagerly as her former rival clawed at the floor, sobbing with pleasure as the mighty phallus invaded her, again and again. When at last her body convulsed with orgasm, Kelethia reached her own climax. The two priestesses moaned in simultaneous ecstasy - one in helpless surrender, the other in triumphant delight. Their voices were like lustful music to Ganden, who added his groan to theirs as he plunged his shaft deep inside Elanessa. Hot cum flooded her womb and trickled down her naked thighs.

When Kelethia's delirium began to subside, she was still as horny as ever. She looked over and saw Ganden pulling off Elanessa's clothing. His cock had softened for a moment, but now it was fully erect again! Kelethia glanced at the fel candle. She was now certain that its insidious smoke was not only fueling their lust, but also changing their bodies. Elanessa's tits were as distended as hers, as if begging to be stroked and suckled.

"Bring her over here," said Kelethia.

Ganden obediently led the helpless Elanessa to the bear rug beside the fireplace. There, she lay sprawled on her back, her bright blue eyes staring dazedly at Ganden's rigid penis.

"Now fuck her again," ordered Kelethia.

Ganden grinned and opened Elanessa's thighs. The girl moaned as his thick shaft burrowed inside her again.

Kelethia rose and let her own robe slip to the floor. She kneeled next to Elanessa, leaning down so that their faces almost touched. "You're mine, now," she purred, gently twirling the young girl's blonde curls in her fingers. "Just a few more orgasms, and you'll be as twisted and depraved as I am."

Elanessa looked up blearily at Kelethia, her words coming in gasps as Ganden's cock slid in and out of her. "Why...*ungh*...why are you...*ungh*...doing this...*ungh*...to me?"

Kelethia smiled and whispered in Elanessa's ear. "Because I need you. You're going to help me corrupt Sister Anetta, and then the whole abbey."

An expression of horror flitted across the face of the young priestess. "No...I won't...*ungh*..."

Kelethia laughed wickedly. "Oh, I think you will," she said, reaching down and gently stroking the girl's stiff nipples. Elanessa closed her eyes and moaned loudly. "You're going to do everything I tell you, because you are now my little pussy slave." With that, she got up and straddled Elanessa, lowering her crotch against the young girl's face. Elanessa hesitated for a moment, but then her tongue started to probe Kelethia's wet slit. Kelethia smiled, somehow knowing that the taste of pussy juice would further intoxicate the battered mind of the young priestess. Sure enough, Elanessa was soon licking and slurping the delicious sex syrup, and Kelethia groaned as the girl's tongue slithered all over her hungry groin.

* * * * *

When she came home, Evelyn Copperleaf was surprised by two things. First, the cottage seemed to be filled with a cloud of smoke, making her think the house was on fire. But it wasn't the usual smoke smell; this aroma was sweet - enticing, even. She would have stopped to inhale more of the pleasant fragrance, but then she saw the other surprise: her son, Ganden, lying naked on the floor with two young girls. Ganden was vigorously fucking one girl, and that girl was licking the other girl's twat. With a gasp, she realized that the two girls were actually priestesses from Northshire Abbey. One of them was supposed to be helping him learn how to read!

"Ganden!" she cried, storming into the smoke-filled room. "Stop that at once!"

Her son shook his head and kept pumping his cock into the young blonde. "Can't...stop..." he grunted. "Gonna...cum...soon..."

Outrageous! Ganden was normally a nice boy - what could have gotten into him? Evelyn felt a little dizzy; nothing made sense here. She grabbed Ganden's shoulder and pried him away from his pretty little partner. The girl moaned in disappointment; she obviously wanted his cock back inside her.

And it was easy to understand why. Ganden's penis was enormous! Evelyn couldn't help staring at the obscenely swollen member as it throbbed and bobbled.

"It's beautiful, isn't it?" one of the girls purred into her ear. She was holding a strange-looking candle whose flame seemed to dance toward the older woman. Its sensuous smoke filled her senses; it was getting harder to think clearly. She just kept looking at her son's rigid organ. "Would you like to taste it?" the girl asked.

"No..." Evelyn shook her head, but found herself sinking to her knees in front of her son, who was grinning expectantly. "I can't..." The penis bobbed before her - wet, hard, and inviting. It occurred to her that Ganden was going to fuck that little blonde girl again - and soon - unless Evelyn did something about it. She couldn't let her son going around fucking just anyone. Maybe...maybe if she sucked him off, he would lose that mighty erection. Then, he would be able to think straight - and so would she.

Seizing upon that flimsy rationalization, she eagerly tasted her son's stiff sex tool, grazing it with her open mouth until it was coated with saliva. Ganden leaned back and moaned, feeling the soft curls of his mother's hair on his thighs as her head bobbed up and down. "That's it, Mom...suck it real good..."

Evelyn's moans were muffled with cock meat as she began to suck him faster and harder. Her tongue writhed against the base of his firm shaft as her mouth glided up and down, up and down. She loved the taste of his hot, hard shaft. With every rapacious slurp, she could feel it throb and swell. Her son was going to come soon - she was going to make him come! Her head moved faster and faster, slurping him, sucking him, willing him to shoot his load into her hot, wet mouth.

She wasn't disappointed. Her son groaned loudly, and then his cock cream erupted into her mouth. His penis became a fountain of yummy semen; she tried to swallow as much as she could, but silvery cum still leaked down her chin and onto his bulging testicles. She just kept on sucking him, and his dick continued to squirt its delicious sex fluid.

When at last the torrent ended, Evelyn felt a pang of disappointment. She wanted more of her son's cum sauce - ideally in her pussy this time - but she knew that he would need time to recover from his orgasm. But even as these thoughts wafted through her sex-addled mind, she saw his cock beginning to stir and throb again. Her eyes widened. How could he be ready for fucking so soon after pumping so much cum? Well, it didn't matter. His penis was rising, and she needed it inside her. After a hurried removal of clothing, she spread her legs and offered herself to her son.

* * * * *

When he arrived home that afternoon, Tilliam Copperleaf did not expect to find his wife lying on the floor, moaning deliriously, her pussy relentlessly invaded by a massive cock. And he certainly did not expect that cock to belong to his virtuous son, Ganden. But there they were, fucking with sweaty passion beside the fireplace.

Evelyn finally noticed her husband's presence, and she managed to gasp out a few lust-choked words. "I'm...*ungh*...I'm sorry, Tilliam...*ungh*. His...*ungh*...his cock...*ungh*...it's just too good..." Her hips bucked up against her son's swollen shaft as another orgasm made her scream and claw at the rug beneath her.

Tilliam would have put a stop to his son's incestuous fucking, but he was distracted by the appearance of the two blonde girls who approached him, wearing nothing but lascivious smiles. One of them held a strange-looking candle that pulsed with a sinister glow.

"Who...who are you?" he stammered, suddenly feeling disoriented. "What are you doing here?"

The girls walked right up to him and pressed their naked bodies against him. He could feel their firm breasts, their stiff nipples grazing his arm. They began to kiss his cheek, his neck - anywhere they could find bare flesh. He should have pushed them away, but he didn't - not even when they began to reach inside his pants.

Their small hands found his growing erection and began to stroke it. The candle danced before his eyes, its aroma filling his senses, making him horny, making him want to fuck these pretty girls, making him want to fuck them full of cum.

His breeches fell to the ground. He forgot about his wife and son as he guided his raging penis to the blonde pussy that awaited him. He fucked that pussy, he fucked it as fast and hard as he could. Wet and hot, just what he needed! He could feel his fuck organ swelling, growing bigger and harder than it had ever been before. The young girl's moans made him grin, and he eagerly drilled her sopping wet cunt. Her head rolled from side to side; he was making her crazy. He kept fucking her, fucking her, fucking her, until the cum gushed out, pumping, pumping her full of impregnating cream.

More! He needed more pussy, more fucking. The other blonde was waiting; she was kneeling on all fours, wiggling her ass at him. His cock had barely stopped spewing semen into the girl he had been working on, but it was still rock-hard. He pulled it out of her gooey pussy and crawled like a sex-crazed beast toward the other blonde. Grabbing her slender waist, he plunged his monstrous dick inside her, making her gasp.

This pussy felt even better than the last one. Or maybe he was just getting hornier. He began to fuck the girl, his cock gliding easily in and out of her hot wet slit. "That's it...moan for me, you little slut," he growled. His massive organ was making the girl squeal with delight, and it wasn't long before her pussy quivered with another climax.

Tilliam glanced over at his groaning wife just in time to see his son's dick bathing her pussy with another creamy load. Had his mind not been clouded with smoke and sex, he would have been horrified at what his wife and son were doing. Now, he just smiled. Maybe he would fuck Evelyn later, now that she was a cum-hungry animal. But right now, he needed to tend to the gorgeous girl in front of him. Her orgasm was nearly done, and she had twisted her body around to give him a taste of her sex-hardened nipples. She smiled, licking her lips as he kissed and suckled her. Then it was time for more fucking, so she spread her thighs and gave him a sulty grin as he brought his cock to her glistening pussy.

Thrust after thrust, his dick flesh surged inside her. They moaned together, writhing in delight, both of them needing it more and more. He had to come! He had to keep fucking her, and fucking her, and fucking her, until his lust was satisfied - and it would never be satisfied again. He was a monster now, and he grunted and growled as his penis swelled even larger than before. The girl felt it, too, and she moaned helplessly as the mighty organ churned her slimy snatch. Her breath came in ragged gasps as another orgasm began to claim her, making her beautiful body twist and tremble. Tilliam held her fast with his strong arms and just kept right on fucking her, and fucking her, and fucking her. There would be no end to it.

To be continued...