 That night, Kelethia stared absently at the steam rising from the bathtub. She could not stop thinking about it. After she returned to the abbey, she tried to read her book again - the book that was supposed to teach her about holiness, discipline, and purity. But all she could think about was that thick, hard shaft churning in and out of Drusilla's willing slit. And the more she thought about that, the wetter her own slit became. She wanted to rub herself again, but she knew that wasn't right. If she succumbed to pleasure, what would stop her from doing it again, and again, and again? She would become a slave to it, perhaps ending out naked on the forest floor like Drusilla, spreading her legs apart for the young men who would mate with her. That was a wicked thought, but it made her wet nonetheless.

With a sigh, she shrugged her robe from her shoulders, allowing it to fall to the ground. She lowered her body into the soapy, steamy water, savoring the way the warmth rose up around her, enveloping her, relaxing her. She sighed again, resting her head against the edge of the tub, her mind drifting inexorably back to the morning scene. The savage hunger on the lumberjack's face as he plunged inside Drusilla's sex. The blissful expression on Drusilla's face as she let him do it. Kelethia's fingers drifted down to her crotch.

It was happening again. Aching, throbbing hunger, spreading through her belly, up to her breasts. When she looked down, she saw that her nipples had swelled. Her ring finger grazed her left nipple; it was stiff and hard, and grew even more so as she began to stroke it. The fingers on her right hand were now sliding against her crotch, stirring her clitoris until it emerged, swollen and eager. When she touched it, a low moan escaped from her open mouth, and she instinctively looked around the room to see if anyone had heard.

Drusilla was standing inside the doorway, a devious smile on her lips.

Kelethia gasped and sat up straight in the tub, crossing her arms over her breasts. "I...I'm taking a bath," she said, as if that wasn't obvious.

Drusilla walked toward her, still smiling. She was wearing a loose, crimson robe that hung partly open, revealing the inner curves of her breasts. "Don't worry. I'm not going to hurt you."

Kelethia warily watched the raven-haired herbalist approached her. Should she try to escape? Or call for help?

"I just want to talk with you," said Drusilla, her voice soft and silky. She had reached the edge of the bathtub now. When she leaned down to pick up a nearby sponge, her robe fell further apart. "About what you saw in the forest today..."

Kelethia said nothing, but her mind was racing. Perhaps Drusilla had simply come to apologize for her wild behavior, but there was something suspicious about the way she was acting. Kelethia kept her hands on her breasts, nervously guarding herself against this depraved woman.

Drusilla sat at the edge of the tub and absently dipped the sponge into the steamy water. "I'm guessing that was the first time you had ever seen a man and a woman together like that."

Kelethia nodded mutely, resisting the urge to flinch as Drusilla brought the sponge to her bare shoulder and squeezed it. She felt rivulets of hot water trickling down her body.

"It must have been quite shocking for you."

The young priestess nodded again, watching the sponge descend into the water again. Soon there were more hot trickles across her bare flesh.

"And maybe a little exciting, too?"

Kelethia did not respond. Drusilla knew very well that Kelethia had been unable to pry her gaze away from the mating couple, and that their lust had inspired hers as well.

"It's perfectly natural, nothing to be embarrassed about."

"It's wrong," said Kelethia quietly.

"Why is that?" asked Drusilla, brushing the sponge across Kelethia's arms, which were still protecting her breasts. "Because someone told you so? What do you really know about intimacy and pleasure?"

The young priestess frowned silently.

Drusilla smiled, caressing the base of Kelethia's neck with the wet sponge. "I know a great deal about these things. If I want a man, I know how to seduce him - how to make him want me more than anything else. I can make men break their vows, abandon their loyalties, and sacrifice everything just to sink their swollen organs into my body."

"It's wrong," said Kelethia again, shaking her head. But now she was feeling that familiar stirring in her loins again. The more Drusilla talked, the worse it became. She wished that the strange woman would hurry up and leave, so that she could start rubbing herself again.

"Yes, according to the rules of your priesthood, it is very wrong. But then, what is wrong can also be...delicious." Drusilla playfully squeezed the sponge over Kelethia's crossed arms, making steamy pools above her breasts. "Why does it feel so good when a man's hard cock slides inside me? Why do I enjoy the look of hunger on his face as he fucks me relentlessly? And why do I love it when he is so overcome with lust that he fills my womb with his hot, creamy seed? I know someone might see us, I know he has a wife and children - but none of those things matter. Just having that power over him - making him a helpless, greedy slave to my sex. It's better than anything!"

Kelethia's cheeks were flushed, and her heart was beating faster. "You should leave," she murmurred.

"But you know what I mean, don't you? When you saw that man fucking me, you should have walked away. But you didn't. You watched us, and you started to get excited. You started to get wet, because your body was getting you ready to do some fucking of your own. And when you reached down and touched yourself, you knew exactly what to do, exactly where to touch, exactly how fast to go. It felt great, and you couldn't wait to do it again. In fact, you were doing it when I walked in here, and you want to do it again right now, don't you?"

Kelethia could feel herself blushing as she nodded.

"Then do it. Without fear, without embarrassment - without those stupid rules that say you shouldn't. Do it because it feels wonderful. Here, I'll show you."

Kelethia watched as Drusilla stood up and shrugged her shoulders, allowing her robe to fall to the floor. If she hadn't been so horny, Kelethia might have fled from the room. But she was horny, all she could do was stare with growing lust as Drusilla lifted a shapely thigh and put one foot in the bathwater. As if mesmerized, her gaze followed Drusilla's hands as they slid down her naked torso. Kelethia knew what was about to happen; she knew that she should put a stop to this. But she only watched as Drusilla's fingers began to graze her crotch, gently stroking her female flesh.

Within seconds, Drusilla was moaning softly. "It's...it's better if you...stroke your nipples...while you do it..."

She couldn't bear it anymore. Under the warm water, Kelethia's hand went to her pussy and she began to rub. With her free hand, she massaged her left breast, her thumb rubbing against her swollen nipple. She stared up at Drusilla and began to whimper with pleasure.

The older woman smiled lasciviously. "That's it...just...keep...stroking..." Her mouth opened, and her breathing became a series of spasmodic gasps as her fingers traced small, rapid digs on her pussy. "Can you...*ugh*...can you hear...how wet I am?"

Kelethia moaned in response. She no longer cared that this was wrong. All she wanted was this exquisite pleasure, and the wrongness of what she was doing only fueled her desire. She began to rub quick, urgent circles on her clitoris, just like Drusilla was doing. She became a mirror image of the dark-haired woman, and the two of them stared at each other as their fingers danced every more quickly upon their swollen sex buds.

"I...I'm going to...come..." Kelethia could barely gasp the words.

"Yes...come...come with me...defile yourself..."

"No...I..."

"Let...the whole abbey...hear your ecstasy..."

"I...I can't...I..."

And then, with a splash, Drusilla was on top of her, straddling her, kissing her open mouth. Kelethia made a half-hearted attempt to push her away, but it was no use. Drusilla had her pinned down, and Kelethia didn't really want to escape; she was too far gone. What little resistance she had left was melting quickly in the heat of her lust, and she began to moan helplessly into Drusilla's mouth. Drusilla's tongue found hers, and soon they were kissing each other with sudden passion. Kelethia wrapped her arms around Drusilla, feeling their breasts squeeze together as they kissed hungrily in the steamy water.

Drusilla began to slide back, kissing Kelethia's wet body from her neck down to her belly. When she reached her crotch, Kelethia eagerly lifted her hips and spread her thighs, offering her pussy to this seductive woman. When she felt Drusilla's tongue on her slit, she gasped and closed her eyes. Deliciously hot and wet, the tongue began to stir her pussy. Kelethia began to play with her nipples again as she felt the tongue nudge inside her vagina, pushing deeper inside her than she thought a tongue could go. She groaned louder and louder as it wormed its way in and out of her twat, probing her sensitive flesh in all the right places.

Her body began to tremble. It was going to happen. She was going to come, she was going to come for this wicked woman. She could feel it building inside her, and she wanted it more than anything. Her hips began to buck as that tongue, that devilish tongue, slithered around her clitoris, flicking it with a swift, insistent rhythm...

She screamed deliriously as her body erupted with pleasure. Reality dissolved into a sea of hot, pumping juice, and she was lost.

* * * * * *

There was a knock at the door. "Kelethia? Kelethia, are you all right?"

Kelethia's eyes flew open in alarm, and she found herself alone in the bathtub. Her thighs were still spread wide open, her legs dangling over the sides of the tub - but Drusilla was nowhere to be seen.

"Kelethia? Are you in there?"

"Um...yes...yes, I'm fine, Sister Anetta!" said Kelethia, still looking around the bathroom for the woman who had just made her come.

There was a moment of silence. "Let me in, please."

Kelethia hurriedly grabbed a towel and wrapped it around herself as she went to the door and opened it. Sister Anetta glanced at her as she entered the room, looking around. "Your cheeks are flushed. What have you been doing in here?"

"Nothing," said Kelethia. "The water was just a little too hot, that's all."

Sister Anetta walked around the room, as if looking for something. Kelethia watched her warily, worrying that she would discover Drusilla hiding somewhere. But there was nowhere to hide - where had Drusilla gone? Or had she dreamed the whole thing?

"What is this?" asked Sister Anetta, bending down to pick up a robe of crimson silk.

"That's...that's mine," lied Kelethia.

Sister Anetta scowled at her. "Hardly the sort of thing that a priestess should be wearing. Where is your disciple's robe?"

"I...I don't know," said Kelethia - and she truly didn't. Her robe should have been on the floor where she had left it, but there was no sign of it. "I...when I came back to my room this afternoon, it was missing."

"And this?" asked Sister Anetta, holding up the crimson robe. "How did you afford such a garment?"

"I used some of the money my parents left for me." Lie upon lie.

Sister Anetta frowned. "You can't be so frivolous, Kelethia. Buying expensive clothing, and shouting so loud that you disturb my meditation. What made you cry out like that, anyway?"

"I'm sorry, Sister Anetta. I think I fell asleep and had a nightmare."

"It didn't sound like a nightmare." Sister Anetta studied Kelethia with obvious suspicion. A tense moment passed. Kelethia said nothing.

Finally, Sister Anetta draped the robe on a nearby chair. "Try not to have any more of those nightmares," she said, walking toward the door. "And don't be late for your evening prayers." With that, she left the room.

Kelethia picked up the crimson robe and ran her fingers across the smooth, luxurious fabric. Was this hers now? Or did it belong to the woman who had somehow entered this room, seduced her, and then vanished like some sort of spirit?

to be continued...