 Romano wasn't sure what to expect when he entered the bell tower, but it certainly wasn't a dusty old attic space. Except for some ornate braziers, the chamber appeared to be deserted.

"You said there's going to be a sacrifice here?" he whispered.

Kelethia nodded. "Yes, very soon." There was a strange look in her eyes, as if she was trying not to smile.

Romano cautiously prowled through the room, keeping an eye out for traps. He worked his way around the edge of the chamber, then made his way toward the center, where a small set of stairs led up to a raised platform beneath the abbey's bells. Something was wrong here. He felt as though there was some hidden menace watching him, patiently waiting for an opportunity to strike. But where?

"There's nothing here," he said. He glanced toward Kelethia, but she was still standing by the entrance, her bright blue eyes following his every move.

"Up there," she whispered, pointing to the stairs. Again he saw that hint of a smile.

Romano crept slowly up the steps, gingerly testing each board before giving it his full weight. He reached the platform at the top, which looked curiously like an altar.

Then, from the corners of the room, there came soft scraping noises. Thin, dark snakes slithering toward him from the shadows with terrible speed. He drew his daggers just as something clamped down on his ankle. He cried out with panic and quickly stabbed downward, only to hear a loud clink as his blade was turned aside. It felt and sounded as though it had struck metal. He drew his hand back for another strike - but as he did so, something caught his wrist and held it. With horror, he saw that it was a manacle made of dark iron, attached to a long chain of the same material. He tried to chip at the chain with his free hand, but the metal was impervious. He only got in two more strikes before his free hand was free no more. Both his wrists and ankles were now bound, and though he struggled with all his might, it was no use. With unstoppable strength, the chains slowly pulled him backward, forcing him to lie face-up on the altar.

"Help me!" he gasped. But when he looked toward Kelethia, a new wave of dread struck him. She was approaching him with an unhurried gait, smiling as a spider might smile while it crawled toward its webbed prey.

"So you're one of them, after all," said Romano.

"I am," she admitted, slowly climbing the steps.

"Look, Kelethia, it's not too late for you. Help me get out of here. You don't want to see the Burning Legion destroy everything we hold dear, do you?"

The priestess gave him a quizzical smile. "Destroy? The Legion isn't here to destroy us. In a way, they're actually going to help us." She was standing beside him now, and her blue eyes seemed to glow in the dim light. "We've erected so many barriers to prevent us from getting what we want. They're simply going to remove those barriers. If I want something," she dragged her finger down his tunic, "then I will have it. No laws, no morals, no conventions will stop me. Why is that so terrible?"

"They're evil," hissed Romano. "They only want to ruin and enslave us. Don't you see that?"

Kelethia laughed and then gave him a look of mock concern. "Oh, my dear thief. You are so worried, aren't you? About the downfall of society, civilization, and all that? Well, let me help you with that." She began to untie her sash. "I'm going to make you forget your responsibilities, your loyalties. I'll make you forget everything...except how good this feels."

"No, don't..."

The robe fell to the floor, revealing the sensuous, creamy curves of her young body. He should have looked away; his mind screamed at him to turn away, but he couldn't. His eyes locked onto her beautiful breasts, her puffy nipples. She crossed her arms behind her head and smiled, clearly delighted with his attentive gaze. "You're going to help me, Romano. You're going to help the Legion rise."

"Like hell," he growled.

"Like hell, indeed." She whispered a few words in some strange language. There was a flash of light, and Romano gasped as a burning sensation blasted his entire body for just an instant. Then it passed, and he realized that all of his clothing was now gone.

"Much better," the priestess murmurred, studying his muscular form. "Now we're going to have some fun." She leaned down and began to explore his body with her soft, warm hands. "So strong, so handsome."

"Get away from me, you witch. I mean it."

"Do you really?" she asked, gazing down at his stiffening penis. "You want me to leave you with this beautiful cock unattended? That would be such a shame." She gently swiped her fingers back and forth along the length of his organ, making it swell and grow even harder. "And what about those naughty dreams you've been having? Wouldn't you like to make them come true?"

"How...how do you know about that?"

Kelethia grinned mischievously, her fingers now gliding up and down his burgeoning erection. "Who do you think sent them to you? I wanted you to come here. I wanted to plant those lustful seeds in your mind, so that you'd be hungry for us. And you are, aren't you?" Her hand encircled his cock, and she started to massage it with a slow, steady rhythm. "Think of all those pretty girls downstairs. You can fuck any of them. You can fuck all of them." Her hand began to move faster.

Romano's breath caught in his throat. This girl certainly knew what she was doing. He didn't want to give in, but his body was betraying him. As she persistently rubbed his swollen meat, he began to think about plundering those hot little priestess pussies downstairs. If he didn't do something soon, she was going to make him come, and he was afraid of what that might lead to. With a desperate effort, he tugged on his chains. His muscles bulged, and he felt his face burn with effort.

While he struggled in vain, Kelethia just kept stroking him, relentlessly pumping his throbbing cock, bringing him closer and closer to the orgasm that would surely crush his soul. "Try all you want...there's no escape," she purred. "I'm not going to let you go until you're ready." She stroked him faster and faster. "Are you ready, Romano?" Her fingers were a blur as they glided up and down his rigid shaft. "Are you ready?" she repeated, licking her lips. He could feel the climax boiling up inside him, preparing to erupt.

Then she quickly leaned down, and his feverish organ was enveloped by the wonderful, wet warmth of her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down as she eagerly sucked him. Her eyes - her wicked blue eyes never left his as she swirled her tongue against his hard flesh. She had been twisted and corrupted into a wanton slut, and now she wanted to bring him down as well. He knew this, but it didn't help him. With a helpless groan, he gave himself to her, pumping her mouth full of his hot spunk. She just kept gliding her mouth up and down, greedily drinking him, making him groan with terrible delight.

When at last he was spent, he didn't feel any different. If his soul had been corrupted, then why was he still thinking about escaping the abbey and warning Stormwind?

As if reading his thoughts, Kelethia wiped cum from her chin and smiled. "That was just an appetizer, and a delightful one at that. Now the real fun begins." She snapped her fingers, and the braziers in the room came to life, casting the room in an eerie red glow. Then she simply stood there, watching him with lascivious anticipation.

"Are you going to let me go now, or are you just going to look at me all night?"

Then the sweet smell of the incense reached his nose, and everything changed. A pleasant, tingling warmth surged through his body. His cock, which had softened after pumping its creamy load into Kelethia's mouth, was now swelling with renewed hunger. As the insidious vapor worked its way into his mind, his thoughts began to turn to lust and depravity. He looked at Kelethia again, his eyes studying her sensual curves. He suddenly felt as though he hadn't had sex in a year, and he was eager - increasingly eager for another orgasm.

She crawled on top of him, sliding her smooth belly against his raging erection. "I want you to understand what is going to happen now, Romano." Her breasts dangled deliciously, her hard nipples grazing his chest. "I am going to fuck you. I am going to fuck you until I own you, body and soul." She began to grind her crotch against him, and he groaned with pleasure as her slick pussy juice began to coat his slavering cock. "How does that sound?" she whispered into his ear. "Would you like that?" She leaned forward until her breasts were just inches from his mouth. "Go on, have a taste."

Romano turned his head to the side, trying to resist her offer. But the lust-smoke kept whispering lurid invitations to his weakening mind. Why not give in? Why not allow this horny young girl to satisfy his needs? His penis surged against her wet pussy lips. He could feel her stiff tits playfully poking his cheek, drifting slowly toward his lips. Finally, he opened his mouth and licked. And licked. And licked. And then sucked.

Kelethia cooed with satisfaction. "That's it," she whispered. "Show me that you want me. Suckle me...suckle me..."

The young rogue did as he was told, greedily nibbling and slurping her swollen nipples. With every passing second, his hunger grew - and so did hers, judging from her throaty moans. Her hips were moving in time with his, his needy cock gliding against her hot, wet sex. He couldn't stand it anymore. He would do anything - anything! - to get his penis inside her.

At last she rose up and straddled his crotch, guiding his rigid organ to her gooey harbor. "Is this what you want?" she purred, nuzzling the tip of his cock against her slick labia. "Do you want me to..."

"Yes, damn it!" he growled. "Fuck me!"

With a grin, she sank down, impaling herself on his hard tool. He heard himself gasp and groan; he was lost in a haze of smoky delirium as she began to writhe up and down, feeding her hot, wet pussy. It wasn't long before she was bouncing up and down, moaning loudly as his throbbing organ surged up inside her tight young twat, again and again. He could sense her impending orgasm, thrilling and tantalizing, matching his own inexorable descent into blissful oblivion. He watched her sensuous body rise and fall, her supple breasts bouncing wildly, her pubic mound grinding against him with urgent need. When at last she screamed with pleasure, his eager cock blasted its hot load into her squirming tunnel. He tugged at his chains and moaned helplessly as she continued to ride him, coaxing more and more cum from his pulsing organ. He could feel the cream dribbling out of her slippery cunt, coating his scrotum, his ass, and the altar beneath him.

He should have been satisfied. His penis had disgorged enough cum to impregnate a dozen girls, and it ought to be on cooldown for at least an hour or two. But it wasn't. Even now, he could feel his sex meat stirring, expanding, filling the hot wet cunt of the girl atop him.

"Hungry again, are you?" she murmurred dazedly, still recovering from her own ecstasy. "I'm not surprised. You're addicted to sex now. Every time you come, it's just going to get worse." She started to move up and down again, her vagina slowly caressing his swelling cock. "All you're going to want is pussy. It's all you'll think about. Nothing else will matter." She began to move faster, more hungrily. "You're a slave now, Romano. You're mine, and you'll do anything I want you to do."

He wanted to tell her that she was wrong. But as her juicy twat bathed his stiff penis, thoughts of defiance gave way to terrible need. He watched intently as this sex-crazed priestess bounced enthusiastically, moaning loudly as her golden hair flew wildly around her pale shoulders. The sight of her, the sensation of her wet sex grinding against him - it maddened him. He longed to grab her, to hold her down, to brutally ram his turgid organ in and out of her steamy gash, to fuck her relentlessly, mercilessly...

And then his manacles simply disappeared. He was free! Now he could push this woman away, run down the stairs, and escape from this demon-ridden lair.

Or, he could reach up and grab those gorgeous, bouncing breasts. He could flip this girl on her back, his hands pinning her arms, his eyes meeting hers with eager understanding. He could sink his raging organ all the way inside her, making her squeal with delight. He could pound that pussy - that wet, delicious pussy! He could slide his swollen tool in and out of that gooey hole, slide it in and out, in and out, in and out, until he...

There was so much cum. He could feel it flooding her vagina, see it leaking down her thighs. He lay on top of her and groaned deliriously, his throbbing cock buried to the hilt, still pumping her full of hot spunk. "When...when does it stop?" he panted.

"Never," she giggled. "It never stops. You're going to keep fucking me all night. And then you're going to fuck the other girls."

Romano's thoughts flickered to the young priestesses he had seen earlier this evening, their sweaty bodies writhing with lust. Sure enough, his penis began to stir again.

"They've been waiting for you. They want to feel that hard cock of yours. And you're going to give it to them, aren't you?"

The young thief nodded. He was already moving inside her again, his dick stiffening and swelling as he thought of the sex feast that awaited him downstairs.

"Yes, of course you will," purred Kelethia. "You serve the Legion now."

It was then that Romano noticed the imps. How long had they been there, lurking in the rafters, marking sorcerous symbols in the air with their crooked little fingers? He could feel their fel magic working on him, turning him into an animal - a savage, rampaging animal driven by insatiable predatory hunger. He stared at Kelethia's beautiful body, her intoxicating flesh. He wanted to fuck her, fuck her, fuck her, and then fuck her some more. Her lusty moans filled his smoke-addled mind, and he drove his cock in and out of her syrupy twat in a frenzy of maddened passion.

And when his dick erupted yet again, spurting waves of hot semen into her pussy, he began to realize that this would be the end of him. It just felt too good, to plow this girl's sweet sex, to pump her full of impregnating cream. He was going to do this again and again, with as many women as he could. He was going to make them writhe and groan, until they, too, were twisted into helpless slaves of lust. He would become a demon, corrupting and breeding the females of this world, until the Legion reigned supreme.

No! With the last of his willpower, Romano withdrew his glistening penis from Kelethia's addictive sex and fought the urge to plunge it back in. Forcing himself not to look at her luscious body, he vaulted down from the altar and ran for the door.

Down the stairs he flew, his engorged cock slapping against his thighs. He was still hungry for more pussy, but hopefully he could keep himself in check until he was safely away from this abyss of temptation. Fortunately, the abbey was silent now. No orgasmic cries came from the chambers he passed, and even the main chapel was deserted. Where had everyone gone? Well, it didn't matter. All that mattered right now was getting outside. If he could just get to that storage room, down that hallway! His hand was on the knob. Without a backward glance, Romano dashed out into the yard.

And there, surrounding the perimeter of the lawn, stood the priestesses of Northshire Abbey.

They were just shadows at first, their dark robes blending with the night, their faces hidden beneath cowls. But as they slowly moved toward him, their robes drifted open, and moonlight gleamed on the supple curves of their perfect breasts. One by one, they removed their hoods, and he saw flowing hair, sweet red lips, and eyes that seemed to glow with unearthly light as they stared at him with undisguised hunger.

For the first time, Romano began to comprehend the awful threat that this new Legion posed. There was no way for him to fight what he wanted so badly. Even without the tendrils of lust smoke creeping through his mind, Romano doubted that he would have been able to resist these lovely girls. They had assembled here for the sole purpose of making him come, and he knew that just one more taste of sexual bliss would make him crave it ever more.

Evasion was his only hope, but his damaged mind reeled at the sight of this sexual army. He staggered backward and fell upon the stone steps, his swollen prick surging upright like a beacon. The girls gazed hungrily at his rigid shaft as they quietly shed their robes and moved to surround him.

He could feel their heat as they nestled close to him and caressed his arms, his hair, his thighs. They took their time, for they knew that they had him now. There would be no escape. When the first nipple was offered to him, he turned away only to find another nipple grazing his lips, patiently teasing him with its horny stiffness. It wasn't long before he was sucking on that gorgeous tit while fondling another. Soft sighs and lascivious giggles filled the warm night air as he groped and suckled the priestesses with blind, helpless passion. Some of the tits were dripping with milk, and he greedily nuzzled and slurped as his hands explored swollen, pregnant bellies and warm, juicy twats. He was lost in a sea of intoxicating female flesh, the fever of desire consuming him. All he wanted now was to kiss and suck and grab and fuck these beautiful, wicked girls who were so eager to send him sprawling into ecstatic slavery.

Soft, wet flesh began to graze the tip of his cock. Romano looked up and saw Kelethia smiling triumphantly, her buttery snatch rubbing against his swollen tool. Her smile dissolved into a groan of open-mouthed pleasure as she sank down upon him with maddening slowness, inch by febrile inch, condemning him to eternal lust. By the time her pussy swallowed his mighty erection, he was grasping her firm ass, planting long, ardent kisses on her voluptuous breasts, and worshipping this beautiful young priestess of lust. As she began to writhe up and down, her sopping twat rubbing his rigid cock, Romano finally lost all control. With savage eagerness, he drove Kelethia to the ground and started to fuck her. She moaned with delight as his raging sex weapon rammed inside her, again and again.

The other priestesses smiled knowingly as Romano's grunts became more bestial, his thrusting more fervent. There was no turning back now; it just felt too good to fuck that hot, gooey cunt, to fuck it nice and hard. Kelethia's delirious whimpers were the most enticing sound he had ever heard, and they grew louder and wilder with every meaty plunge. He saw her lick her lips; saw her bulging breasts wobble, saw her thighs spread even wider. Everything about her, every minute aspect was thrillingly erotic, and he had to come, he had to pour his soul into this brazen young sex witch. He felt his cock surging, swelling with semen. She must have sensed it, too, because she began to urgently stroke his stomach, his thighs, his ass, as if willing him to surrender, to yield up all that was decent and good. And what could he do? Nothing, except spear his ravenous prick deep inside her, fucking her slippery pussy for all he was worth.

His ecstatic howl echoed through the dark trees, heralding the loss of a soul and the advent of a hungry new servant of the Legion.

to be continued...