 From his concealed vantage point in the forest, Romano had been watching the abbey for the past two hours, daydreaming about fucking young priestesses. In his current scenario, a black-haired beauty was tending the flowers in the garden. He crept soundlessly toward her, as a panther stalks its prey. But just as he was about to reach for her, she turned around with a smile on her lips. "I've been waiting for you, Romano." She let her robe slip from her shoulders, revealing a body ripe for sexual harvest. She stepped forward and pressed herself against him, whispering in his ear all of the wicked things she wanted to do with him. Then she lay down in the flower bed, spread her thighs apart, and smiled a lusty smile of invitation.

It wasn't the first time he had conjured this sort of fantasy. For the past several days, he had been dreaming about sex. It had started with pleasant, half-remembered nighttime trysts - nothing unusual. Then the dreams became more and more vivid and visceral, leaving him with feverish urges to masturbate - and not just once. Last night, for example, he could recall at least three different horny awakenings when he frantically rubbed his cock while lurid visions swam through his mind. His throbbing organ had splurted so much cum that the bedsheets were slimy and slippery by the time the sun rose.

He told himself it was just the summer heat, making him more randy than usual. But it was certainly getting worse. At the bank, standing in line behind a blonde warrior in a golden chainmail bikini, he felt a reckless impulse to grope her crotch. Right there, in front of everyone, he wanted finger-fuck her until she was wet and moaning. He wanted to strip off that cumbersome metal and stuff his rigid meat into her proud warrior pussy, pounding it, pounding it until she screamed with helpless orgasm.

She would have pounded him, of course, had he laid a finger on her. But that didn't stop him from dreaming. Whenever he saw a pretty woman, his imagination took hold of him and made him see all the things he could do to her, all the things that he did in his dreams. Sometimes he seduced an innocent, tempting her to abandon all of the virtues, promises, and loyalties she held dear. Sometimes she was willing and eager; sometimes he had to coax her into lust. But in his dreams, he always got his way.

And those dreams always took place here, at Northshire Abbey. It all came back to those lovely young priestesses, whose bodies he had plundered so many times in the past few days (in his imagination). But here, in real life, he had seen nothing unusual, except for the absence of any activity. No one had entered, nor had anyone left. All was quiet, which was what he would have expected.

According to the reports, no one had seen the priestesses of the abbey for the past few weeks, with one exception. Those who tried to visit the abbey found its doors locked, and a young, blonde-haired woman named Kelethia told them that the abbey's residents had succumbed to a mysterious plague. There had been no deaths, and Kelethia said she was confident that the priestesses would soon be able to venture forth again - but for the time being, she recommended that the abbey be placed under quarantine.

The Cathedral seemed to accept this; they knew that Sister Anetta was a sensible abbess, and that she would do whatever she thought best for the girls in her care. SI:7, on the other hand, was a bit more suspicious. They wanted to know what was going on inside those walls, since the abbey supplied clerics who were vital for the survival of the Alliance.

So they had sent Romano to investigate. They had initially wanted to send a female operative who would blend in with the other priestesses, but Romano had insisted on going. He had pointed out that his stealth skills were unsurpassed, making him the best choice for the mission. But what he really wanted was to visit the site of his horny fantasies.

"I'm just here to check things out," Romano told himself. "I'm not going to fuck these girls. I'm just going to make sure they're okay." Romano sighed and leaned back against a tree, waiting impatiently for nightfall, trying to ignore the throbbing organ in his pants.

Another hour passed uneventfully. The sun was setting now, and soft golden light began to appear in many of the windows. "Hmm, guess they're not going to bed early," Romano mused.

A door near the stables opened, spilling light onto the ground. Romano's breath caught in his throat as a young woman with long dark hair emerged. She was completely naked, and her shapely hips swayed as she sauntered slowly across the lawn, cradling something in her arms. It looked like she a small baby, suckling one of her stiff, swollen nipples. "I want to taste the other one," thought Romano, his cock stirring.

Then the woman leaned down and set the 'baby' on the ground, where it cackled madly and hopped off into the woods, its eyes glowing with a wicked demonic light. The woman smiled after it before going back inside.

Romano realized that his jaw had dropped. That was an imp! With her delicious tits, that gorgeous girl had been nursing a tiny demon!

Well, that raised a whole bunch of questions. How had the girl been able to conceal the imp from the other abbey residents? Was everyone else so sick that this girl could do whatever she wanted? Had she - or the imp - somehow incapacitated the other priestesses? What foul deed was the imp going off to commit?

Romano thought about returning to Stormwind immediately, but SI:7 would probably just send him back to investigate further. He had to find out what was going on inside the abbey.

Silent as a shadow, he crept across the lawn to the door where the beautiful blonde had emerged. He listened at the door, but couldn't hear anything. Gingerly clasping the handle, he slowly opened the door a few inches. There was light inside, but neither movement nor sound. He carefully opened the door wider and slipped inside, his senses on full alert.

He had entered a small storeroom, lit by a small oil lamp. There was only one other door; he cracked it open and saw a hallway leading deeper into the abbey.

Now he could hear sounds, but not the sounds he would have expected. Feminine gasps and groans, quite nearby. Someone was having fun, though not the kind of fun that priestesses normally sought - except in his dreams. He slinked into the hall and approached the room from which the sounds were coming. The door was open; he peeked inside and saw two naked young women on a small cot, one lying on top of the other. The one on the bottom was eagerly licking the dripping wet pussy above her, while the other girl returned the favor. Judging from their frantic cries and ragged breathing, they were both getting close to an orgasm. Romano's cock swelled again as he watched them slurping and goading each other toward ecstasy. Both girls were as stunningly beautiful as the brunette he had seen outside, and he would have happily fucked both of them - had it not been for the imp crouched at the foot of the bed. The creature giggled obscenely, its tiny fingers tracing glowing symbols in the air as it watched the girls squirm and moan. As their lovemaking grew more and more frantic, the symbols pulsed with an eerie green glow. Romano sensed that the imp was channeling their sexual energy toward some dark purpose.

Just as the first girl came, Romano heard a cry from another nearby room. Reluctantly prying his eyes from the sexy writhing couple, he crept toward the new noise. Peeking through an open doorway, he saw yet another young girl lying naked on a bed. She was very pregnant, and her thighs were spread wide open - she was about to give birth! Another priestess, also nude, kneeled between her legs, smiling expectantly at the girl's vagina. The pregnant girl moaned loudly, and it sounded as though she was feeling more pleasure than pain. In fact, there was a faint smile on her sweating face, and she eagerly rubbed her swollen clit.

Then the baby started to emerge, except that it wasn't a baby. Tiny grey fingers emerged from the girl's wet slit, followed by a batlike head. The imp wriggled its way out of her birth canal, making the girl groan and shudder with ecstasy. As soon as it was out, the tiny demon crawled up the girl's belly and began to suck on her hard nipple, greedily drinking her milk while she sighed contentedly and stroked it.

"That's two so far," said the other priestess. "Are you going to have another one soon?"

"As soon as I can get Anetta to do me again," said the girl, grinning lasciviously. "How about you?"

The priestess patted her own belly. "She just fucked me this morning, so I should be having one in a few days."

The girl on the bed laughed. "At this rate, the whole abbey will be filled with these little guys." She rubbed the imp's back as it sucked her swollen tit. "You know, I never thought I'd be breeding demons. But this just feels so damn good!"

"Tell me about it. Whenever Anetta brings that cock near me, all I want to do is spread my legs and get it inside me. Fuck, it makes me horny just thinking about it." She reached down and started to finger her pussy.

"Why don't you let me help you with that," purred the girl. And then the two of them were kissing and licking and rubbing each other with ravenous passion, while the newborn imp giggled and began to trace malign symbols in the air.

Romano lingered for a moment longer than he should have, watching the females frolic. All these girls seemed to ooze sexuality, and he could feel his rigid cock straining against its confining cloth. Part of him just wanted to forget about his mission, walk right in there and start fucking. But somehow he knew that would be the end of him. No, he had to keep his focus. The imps had to be behind this; young priestesses didn't just go around licking each other's cunts all the time. All this horny energy was being directed somewhere, for some foul purpose.

He crept further down the hall, hearing more lusty moans from behind many of the doors. In the dim light of the hallway, he could see puddles of silvery cream on the floor here and there. The whole place smelled of sex.

From studying the floorplans, he knew that the double doors straight ahead would take him into the main chapel, but he opted for a staircase to his right. The steps eventually led to a balcony overlooking the chapel, where the whole horror lay unfolded before him.

Candlelight shed a soft golden glow over a sea of naked, writhing bodies. The priestesses of Northshire Abbey were ruined, their minds and bodies enslaved to demonic lust. Prayers had been replaced by pussy-licking, and the sacred hall was filled with hymns of whimpers and moans, punctuated by frequent orgasmic wailing. Lust was the new religion here, and the girls were ardent worshippers.

A tall, dark-haired woman prowled through the horny congregation with a wicked smile. He recognized her as Sister Anetta, the leader of the abbey - although she had changed. Her skin was now a light shade of blue, and her eyes glowed with red, lascivious hunger. Every disciple she passed begged to fucked again by the enormous cock that dangled from her crotch. One taste of its unholy power had made them addicts, and now they would do anything for another chance to get it inside them. They crawled toward her, they spread their thighs, they offered to do anything for her, if only she would slide that ungodly tool into their slippery holes again.

The fallen abbess pounced upon a young, blue-eyed girl who had been licking her finger suggestively, and soon that monstrous phallus was plunging in and out of the girl's eager pussy while she squealed and writhed deliriously. Anetta drilled her without mercy, grabbing the girl's hips as she fucked her faster and harder, harder and faster. Then, with a demonic groan, the abbess threw her head back and smiled a fanged smile as her throbbing cock unloaded another batch of fel cum into the girl's quivering cunt.

As the orgasm baked the girl's brain, a thin tentacle of light slithered from her writhing body to the altar, where a large pool of darkness was gathering. A dozen other tentacles seemed to be pouring into the pool from all over the abbey, and Romano realized that this was the receptacle for all of the lustful energy. All of these horny young girls were feeding this dark heart, which throbbed and grew with unnatural purpose.

"Quite a scene, isn't it?"

Romano reflexively darted away from the soft voice and drew his daggers. He found himself confronting a young, blonde woman wearing a crimson robe that did little to conceal her feminine curves.

She smiled and raised her hands. "Don't worry. I'm not armed."

"Lady, it's not weapons I'm worried about," he growled. "Just stay right where you are."

She nodded, still smiling in a way that made Romano relax his guard. She was beautiful, but she wasn't trying to seduce him like he would have expected (or hoped?). She could have untied her robe, but she didn't. She just stood there, studying him with her bright blue eyes.

"My name is Kelethia. I'm a priestess here." She sighed, and her smile faded. "Or at least, I was."

"What happened?"

She gestured toward the chapel below, where Anetta was brutally thrusting her obscene cock into another delighted female. "The Burning Legion. They're using a new tactic - lust. Instead of butchering us with weapons and claws, they're taking advantage of our own sexual desires. They're corrupting us, turning us into horny slaves who only want to fuck."

"And make baby imps, right?"

Kelethia nodded. "They're feeding off of us. Every time one of us comes, a trickle of that sexual energy slips into the Twisting Nether, drawing them here. And it's not just imps. Soon there will be...other things. Wicked beings who will hasten our downfall."

"Why are you telling me this? Aren't you one of them?"

Kelethia nodded sadly. "In a way, I'm responsible for all of this. A succubus queen tricked me into corrupting Sister Anetta, and you can see what's happened to her. She has fucked every priestess here, except me. I've managed to resist her so far, but it's only a matter of time." She stared down at Anetta, watching as the demonic abbess bounced a red-headed girl up and down on her epic penis, making her howl with ecstasy. "Even now, I can feel that cock calling to me. My pussy is dripping wet, just like theirs." She reached inside her robe, and Romano realized that she was starting to finger herself. "Oh, how I would love to feel that thing plunging in and out of me." She moaned softly, her fingers digging at her crotch.

Romano stepped forward and grabbed her hand, pulling it out of her robe. He could see the sheen of sticky juice on her fingers. He felt a sudden urge to reach beneath her robe and continue the job she had started. He looked in her eyes and saw naked, smoldering desire. If he wanted to, he could have her, right here, right now. He could yank her robe open and start nibbling her tits. He could send his burgeoning erection up into her steamy slit. He could fuck her savagely, driving her wild with pleasure. She would not resist; she was already on the edge, and the softest push would send her sprawling into lascivious oblivion.

But he was in control of himself. Yes, his dick was throbbing with hunger. Yes, he could sense how wonderful her body would taste. But he would not let his desires overwhelm him. That's exactly what had happened to these priestesses, twisting them into fuck-hungry animals.

"You're strong," Kelethia murmurred. "Stronger than I am. Maybe you can save us."

"Just tell me how."

She sighed. "In the bell tower, all the way at the top of the abbey. That's where they're planning a final sacrifice. Once that's done, the dark portal down there will open, and that will be the end of Northshire. Probably Stormwind, too."

"Not if I can help it," said Romano. "Lead the way."

To be continued...