 I'd like to thank everybody who gave feedback on the first part and apologize that it took so long to upload this second part. This story ended up being WAY longer than I initially planned so it took me longer to than I expected to write it. Didn't mean to keep you waiting. To the people who found the rape and violence distasteful, I'm sorry you didn't enjoy it but that is what a large part of the story is about. It's a fantasy fetish story about domination and not necessarily meant to be all smiles and rainbows. I hope you all can get some enjoyment regardless of that.

Contains: Femdom, futa, domination, humiliation, futa on female, cross dressing, violence.

*****

Three days later with two days to go until the wedding Peter sat despondently alone on the bed of his spacious suite. Sitting open next to him was the polished wooden box, the array of dildos within seeming to stare mockingly at him. They knew how pathetic he was, knew he was someone's bitch. They knew that their sole purpose in life was to prepare his hole to get fucked by someone stronger than him, and that he had willingly been doing it himself. He had already been using the first two to stretch himself out, and now he was about to try the third one for the first time.

He had started doing it as a way to distract himself from the surprisingly involving process of planning the wedding, which he had only taken to in order to avoid thinking of Delilah. His chest still ached when he thought of her, the image of her battered body spread out in the dirt being violated roughly still lingered freshly in his mind. He could still hear her desperate begging echoing deeply in his mind, asking her assailant to further degrade her. He held back tears and shook his head to rid himself of those troubling thoughts. The more he did to keep himself occupied the less time he would have to reflect on what had happened.

That's why he had thrown himself into planning the wedding, which had turned out to be a larger task than he had previously imagined. He'd never realized that there was so much to do, he had to make sure the food was prepared and the cake was made, he needed a new outfit to be tailored and a dress to be sewn, a venue had to be decided upon and made fitfully festive, and to top it all off if it were to be any kind of proper affair there would need to be some form of tourney to be held! It certainly didn't help that the palace staff were constantly having to stop what they were doing to appease the insatiable sexual appetites of the Orcs either. He couldn't comprehend how they had managed to conquer anything when all they seemed to do is fuck all day.

So now he found himself needing to escape from his distraction and had nothing to turn to other than to utilize his future wife's gift to him. Over the past few days he had spent what felt like hours prodding himself with the first two toys, slowly stretching himself open. It hadn't been too unbearable as he had gone fairly slowly so far, not moving on to the next size up until he felt comfortable with what he was using. But he was quickly running out of time and he knew he had to speed things up if he wanted his wedding night to be anything resembling sufferable

He sighed as he pulled out the second largest toy and idly turned it over in his hands. Supposedly these things were supposed to feel good inside you but so far they had been pretty uncomfortable. It didn't really feel like much, kind of like the feeling of making a bowel movement but stretched out over long periods of time. The best part to him was when it was over and he slipped it out for the final time, he felt the relief that comes with passing a difficult stool but certainly nothing sexual. Maybe this time would be different though he hoped as he slid his pants down his boyish hips and onto the floor. A faint shadow of the hot submissive feeling he always got around Shaka washed over him as he got on all fours on the bedspread. Even when she was nowhere near he still got that funny feeling whenever he played with himself like this. His body knew that he was only doing it by her command, and by complying with her wishes he was sinking himself deeper into her control. He knew this but he did it anyway. Partly because he saw no other option, but also because some small part of him was beginning to secretly enjoy the heat of the humiliating sensation, not that he'd ever admit that. Although he didn't really have to admit anything since he had started becoming painfully erect whenever he felt it. His excitement was obvious as he pulled the cork from the bottle of lubricant.

The lube felt cool as he poured a generous amount of the slick substance into his hand, one thing he had quickly learned was that there was never such a thing as too much lubrication. He slathered the fluid onto the dildo running his hand up and down the artificial phallus to completely coat it. Heat welled up in his cheeks as he jerked off the toy and he couldn't help but picture himself doing the same to an actual cock. Jumping only slightly from cold touch, he reached back and began to spread the liquid around his tender rosebud as well. The slick wet sounds that filled the air as he carefully rubbed his anus seemed frightfully loud and he worried that people passing by in the hall outside might be able to hear them and figure out what he was doing. When he had finally gotten himself to the point where he could easily slip one or two fingers past his sphincter without pain he positioned himself with his ass high in the air and pressed the head of the dildo between his smooth cheeks.

The heat throughout his body intensified to uncomfortable levels as he increased the pressure against his hole. He felt as though Shaka was in the room with him, standing over him and laughing at his humiliation. He did his best to ignore her imaginary jeers as the thick head of the dildo popped inside him and he let out a soft grunt. More grunts followed shortly after as he began to gently slide the toy deeper into his bowels, it was longer than the previous one by a couple of inches and soon entered uncharted territory. Once he had gone as deep in as he dared to go he stopped and gave himself a moment to adjust to the intrusion. His ass felt full but not entirely bad. Involuntarily his muscles clenched around it and made a lewd squelching sound. After a while he slowly started pulling it out again until the wide flare of the head caught against his sphincter, keeping it inside. He began to saw the toy back and forth, hoping that it would somehow translate into pleasure for him. The only thing he felt though was shame and submission. He remembered what Shaka had said about learning to love submission in order to be happy, and again he wasn't sure if he could ever love this. It almost felt good he did admit, but there was still something missing. For some reason he couldn't bring himself to enjoy it, maybe he still had too much self-worth he thought.

A moment later he was shook from his cerebration by an electric shiver that went through his body and he gasped as he lurched forward uncontrollably. His anus closed tightly around the toy, threatening to swallow it whole as it convulsed of its own volition. Vibrations went to his groin and nipples, creating delightful sparks along his most sensitive areas. It was a completely new kind of pleasure he'd never known before that set his brain on fire. He'd only been able to bask in this newfound sensation for just a second or two before it suddenly retreated just as promptly as it had appeared.

Pausing crouched on his bed for a moment he attempted to reel back in his mind to process what had just happened. That must have been it, he realized. That was the pleasure he'd heard people talk about! He couldn't believe how good it had felt, not necessarily better than when his dick was stroked, but in a much different way that he found hard to articulate. Desperate to feel it again he started to move the dildo around inside him in different ways. He twisted around and poked at the walls of his cavity searching for that special spot once more. Just as he was about to give up in frustration he felt another jolt surge out from his ass, causing him to shudder in satisfaction. There it was! A small section of flesh along the front of his rectum just behind his dick turned out to be the culprit. Now that he'd found the source of the sensation Peter started to rub the fake cock back and forth against it, eager for more of the newfound feeling.

With constant pressure applied the small lump radiated out unimaginable pleasure. Tingles and sparks jumped all over his slim body, tickling all his erogenous areas. Even the non sexual parts of his body felt special, mundane areas like shoulders and back quivered with excitement. Sexual energy shot up and down his weak trembling limbs nearly causing him to collapse under his own weight. His engorged dick twitched wildly with every insertion, small drips of clear fluid falling to the blankets below. Quiet panting began to fill the air as his pace increased. Subconsciously his tongue lolled out of his mouth and his eyelids fluttered, giving him the look of some wild beast in heat. The copious sweat pouring off his body did little to extinguish the intense heat coming from within him. Slowly the sexual heat and the heat of his submissive feeling became more similar, if this continued he wouldn't be able to tell them apart.

Was this it, he wondered. Was this perhaps the spark he needed to learn to love his submissive feelings? This definitively felt good, incredibly good in fact, but he didn't necessarily believe that it had anything to do with submission. He was just playing with his butt, there wasn't anything inherently submissive about that was there? But he had done it only because he was told to. Did doing it at the command of another person make it feel better? What if it only felt this good because Shaka made him do it?

A new pulse of rapture shot through him in that instance, turning the tingling throughout his body into pure carnal pleasure. He struggled to breathe through the blinding sexual haze. His cock spasmed and spit out a giant wad of precum. Then, as if a switch which had just been thrown was immediately pulled back the pleasure receded, leaving him back to the regular sensations he had just previously been feeling that now paled so pitifully to what he just experienced

He slowed his thrusting of the toy a bit to help him think about what just happened. He had somehow reached an even higher level of pleasure than he ever thought possible, but what had caused it? He hadn't changed his technique at all, so it must have been something else. He mentally retraced his steps, the last thing he had been thinking of was the instructions the Orc queen had given him. Suddenly he felt it again, the almost unbearably intense bliss throughout his entire being. Even his brain felt racked with pleasure in that instant. And then it was gone again, just as quickly as it came.

His heart dropped when he realized what had caused it both times. It was thinking about the queen that somehow turned him on so much! He stopped moving entirely as he attempted to process that revelation. How could the thought of Shaka make him feel that way? She was the person who had taken everything from him, her army had obliterated his kingdom and stolen his throne. She robbed him of both his birthright and his dignity and planned to rape him in two days time. If it weren't for her the Orcs would never have come to this land, never have slaughtered his people or destroyed his cities. If it weren't for her that Orc wouldn't have gotten her hands on Delilah... How did he have feeling for her in spite of her reducing him to a powerless sex slave? Hesitantly a thought came to him. It was in spite of it, wasn't it?. It couldn't possibly be... there was no way it could be because of that very fact, could it?

The mere idea was enough was more than enough frighten him to his very core. He quickly decided that he had done enough masturbating for one day and popped the dildo out of his ass a little to swiftly for comfort. He tossed the toy back into the box, not bothering to wipe it off or fit it back into its proper pocket like he usually would. Instead he hurriedly put his pants back on, tucking his still erect penis below the waistband. Slamming the lid to the box shut he picked it up and shoved it into one of the drawers of a nearby cabinet, not wanting to even look at it. It wasn't enough though, he still knew they were in there. They still taunted him. He was pretty sure when Shaka gave them to him she meant it as a gesture of goodwill, but now they had just become a symbol of the hold she had on him. Rather than calming any fears he had, they had simply added a new one to the bunch. He was still afraid of what was happening to him, of what was going to happen, but now he was also afraid of how much he liked it.

He needed more distance between him and the damned toys, he needed some fresh air. He gave himself a minute to allow his boner to diminish and then, making sure he was in proper order, he stepped out of his room for a walk. As he exited the stairwell of his tower into the main grounds of the castle he remarked that it really was a beautiful day. The sun radiated brilliantly down to earth and coated the world in a warm lemony veneer. The sapphire sky, lightly freckled with puffy clouds, seemed especially bright and especially blue as it sat happily in the heavens. Birdsong fluttered through the air and gently wafted along with the breeze, hitting his ears just so as to sing him into a snug reverie like a comforting lullaby. Drawn out into the courtyard by the lovely noises he walked in and out of the shadow of a row of elm trees. Peter enjoyed the temporary coolness that the brief interlude of shadow provided as he passed the thick trees, the leaves of which crumpled satisfyingly under his steps. This at least the queen could not take from him. The Orc forces were unquestionably mighty, but even they could not conquer the day itself.

Eventually the prince wandered over to the royal wardrobe where the seamstresses worked to check on the progress they were making. As he approached the door to the workshop an Orc emerged and squeezed past him, still re-tying the laces of her trousers. Peter just rolled his eyes as she shot him a conspiratorial grin and stepped through the doorway. The Workshop was filled with the now familiar stench of Orc musk which he did his best to ignore. The head seamstress quickly stepped up to greet him, smoothing out her skirts which just a few moments ago had been hiked up around her waist. With her matronly face still flushed from her recent foray she brought him up to speed on their progress with the wedding attire. She explained that his outfit was complete but they were still working on the gown, not only was it a much more intricate and difficult piece but they had also been unable to get the queen in for measurements meaning they had to estimate the dimensions of the garment. She assured him that it would be ready in time for the ceremony and that if it didn't properly fit they were prepared to make last minute alterations.

Finding himself quite satisfied with her work the prince gave her a brief word of praise and left to check up on other matters. Over the next several hours he visited the pantry to observe the wedding cake and the rest of the feast, as well as making sure the fair grounds were being cleared and prepared for the tourney. Walking around the castle and taking to people helped make him feel a little normal again. It helped him forget for a while how he was being forced into marrying a sadistic Orc warlord and seemed almost how things were supposed to be. Of course it was all still there in the back of his mind, he couldn't ignore the myriad of Orcs that littered his path. The people seemed to be adjusting as about as well as could be expected though, many still coward in fear whenever their conquerors were nearby but they were slowly learning that so long as they stayed in line they had nothing to fear. Shaka had ordered her forces not to harm any humans they didn't have to, and if there was one thing the Orcs were good at it was following orders.

The queen seemed to command a great deal of respect among her people. They all stood in rapt attention whenever she was at hand and only ever spoke of her with glowing praise. They spoke endlessly of her courageous deeds and fearless leadership. If Peter had to hear the story of the time she slew a dozen dire bears with her own hands and a broken leg one more time he just might drown himself he thought. Still, even he himself had come to begrudgingly respect her for all she had seemed to accomplish. She had somehow managed to completely unite her entire species into a single cohesive empire, something which took humans centuries of warfare and suffering to achieve. Then, with seemingly no effort at all she had defeated the kingdom of men in less than a year. Despite his personal feeling for her, he had to admit she was an excellent leader.

As he walked down a long courtyard to the side of the main hall he found himself wondering, what were his personal feeling for Shaka? Their first encounter certainly left him with little reason to care for her, he recalled as he subconsciously rubbed his cheek where she had struck him. But she had shown far more restraint that the rest of the Orcs when it came to matters of courtship. She could have easily taken him at any time she wanted as many of her soldiers had done with his people, but for some reason she had decided to wait until they were properly married. But why, he wondered. Perhaps it was just to torture him, to give him more time to dread the unavoidable encounter and allow his anxiety to build to unstable levels. Did she think he would eventually succumb and willingly offer himself to her, preferring to just get it over with rather than live in constant fear? If so, she would be waiting a long time he resolved to himself

But what if that wasn't it? After all, she had given him those dildos so he could make their consummation more bearable, maybe even pleasurable for him hadn't she? Why would she do that if her only goal was to make him suffer, none of it made sense to him. He found the queen very difficult to read, she constantly kept a stony exterior that blocked any emotions or thoughts from escaping her face or body language. He thought more about her face, she had strong yet feminine features that would actually make her quite beautiful if only she smiled more he found himself thinking. Although at the same time, with their large imposing canine teeth, maybe it was a good thing the Orcs didn't seem to smile much. His thoughts traveled lower down her body, her breasts were impressively large even for an Orc he had to admit. He had never seen her wearing a top that quite had enough room for her, with her enticing cleavage always seeming on the verge of escape. Surely she could have some clothes custom-made to fit her better, making him think that she was aware of the issue and either liked to show off or simply didn't care. Next he thought about her abs, all the Orcs were in excellent shape but Shaka seemed particularly fit. When ever she moved you could see the powerful rippling muscles dancing just beneath her skin. He stopped himself before his mind could drift any lower than her abs, he knew what was down there and he wanted no part of it.

Although maybe some part of him did want it, as he realized that sometime during his reminiscing he had begun sporting a full erection! Quickly he slipped behind a pillar before anyone could see him and mentally berated himself for allowing his body to respond in such a way. Sure she was physically attractive, but he knew that she was also the architect of his kingdoms demise. It was practically a betrayal of his species to lust after her. As a prince, he was supposed to exercise a greater amount of restraint he reminded himself. He waited there for what seemed like hours for his excitement to subside, kicking himself the whole time. Just as he was beginning to think he had been permanently petrified he heard a distant sound that made his entire body go flaccid.
