 I'd really like to thank everyone who left comments on this story so far. The general reaction has been pretty positive and I don't know that I would have finished this story without your encouragement. 

Contains: femdom, futa on male, futa, domination, violence, muscle, mind break

*****

In the several nerve wracking minutes it took for Peter's eyes to adjust to the dim lighting he listened to Shaka's lustful breathing as she maliciously circled around him in the dark. He was still on the ground on all fours, not daring to move without permission, when she stepped directly in front of him. With her standing between the moon shining through the balcony doors and himself he could see the powerful silhouette of her massive body outlined in soft pale light. Between her legs the long dangling shape of her girthy member swung venomously, subtly pulsing in time with her heart. With each pulse it seemed to grow larger and slowly began to stand up until it jutted out perpendicular to her stomach, pointing straight at him. 

Finally his eyes got their bearings and the full details of her body came into view. Looking at her now with the gossamer moon light draped around her, he couldn't help but admire her figure. Her face was graceful even now as it was awash with lust, a light peachy blush painted on her cheeks. The deepness of her eyes siphoned his image into pools of deep brown with subtle flakes of burnt orange, like a pile of dry fallen leafs. Her thick pouty lips seemed to smile at him, even as her tusk like canine teeth spread them into a sneer. The broadness of her shoulders both intimidated and excited him, making him feel like a small child in comparison. They continued out into her powerful arms, her biceps bulging like mountains even as they lay relaxed at her sides. Thick veins poked through the skin of her forearms pushed out by her muscle, running down to disappear into her hands that flexed in preparation to take him and break him apart. As her chest expanded and contracted with her breathing her heavy breasts rise and fall hypnotically. Her stiff nipples jutted out dramatically from her large puffy areola, the entire area engorged with blood so that it nearly looked black through her dark green skin. Traveling between her fleshy mounds, the largest of her scars directed his attention down to her steel abdomen. The sharp crags of her stomach seemed to stretch her skin taunt across her middle section, making it a wonder she had any flexibility at all. Her hips, nearly as wide as her shoulders, curved seductively into her thick monstrous thighs which could no doubt easily crush his head between them like ripe fruit. And between those of course, was her cock. 

Her cock. Peter had never found any particular beauty in the male sex organ before, but since the Orc invasion he had come to suspect he simply never had gotten the right opportunity to properly study and appreciate it. Now that he had seen his fair share of dicks, he had no doubt that her cock was a work of art. It stood perfectly straight like a massive veiny pillar of hot Orc flesh, its huge purple head shiny and salivating. It jumped rhythmically and excitedly as it stared at him through its drooling piss slit, veins pulsing and squirming in time with her heart. The mushroom shaped head flared out so much that her pulled back foreskin piled up behind it, unable to stretch over its ridiculous width. Her smooth hairless balls dangled below, like a pair of mouthwatering fruit ready to be plucked. 

A sudden gust of wind wandered in from the open balcony and splashed him with her pungent musk. The thick cloud of her scent nearly gagged him as it filled up his airways, smothering him in an earthy sweaty aroma. As he slowly learned to breath through the funk he actually began to find it quite intoxicating, unconsciously leaning forward and breathing in deeply. The smell grew stronger as Shaka stepped forward and thrust her hips out, pushing the tip of her dick against the side of his face as he turned instinctively to avoid it getting near his mouth. 

He stayed frozen like that, feeling her engorged cock pulse and drool onto his cheek, afraid of going any further but secretly thrilled that she was going to make him. Her fingers reached down and unclipped the leash from his collar before running wildly through his hair, stroking and tugging his golden locks. Her fingers dug deep into his scalp reaching all the way down into his brain and mixing it around, swirling it to mush and making him placid. She gently twisted her hips to push her member harder against his face, not hard enough to move it across his face though. She wanted him to swallow it by himself. 

"Suck." She commanded through clenched teeth. 

Peter breathed in more of her crotch and his mouth went slack. He felt the tingle of submission gripping him tightly and he wasn't going to fight it anymore. He had already lost. She had emptied out the old Peter of everything he held dear, and he knew that the new Peter was simply going to be filled with lots of cock. He held his mouth open wider and turned into her hot prick, letting it spring forward against the inside of his cheek. A hearty splash of dick spittle was flung onto his waiting tongue, making him gag at the salty bitter flavor. Shaka seemed to enjoy his reaction to her taste and gripped the base of her cock for better control. 

"Stick out your tongue!" she panted lustfully. 

He obeyed and she slapped her dick head down on his exposed muscle, rubbing it back and forth on his taste buds. She mopped it around, painting her small pink canvas with her essence. More precum pumped from her head as she squeezed and stroked herself, overflowing his tongue to run down his chin and drip to the floor. Peter took it as well as he could, bracing himself against the sickly flavor and only occasionally gagging as beads of pre ran down his tongue into his throat. Though he didn't much care for the taste, he actually found the velvety texture of her skin to be quite soothing as it dragged along his tongue. 

Shaka huffed with need above him, seemingly through with teasing him. "Start sucking slut!" She yelled while thrusting her dick forward into his mouth. 

The fleshy spear poked him in the back of the throat causing him to retch, but Shaka's strong hand on his head kept him from jerking back. With no other option he closed his lips around her girth. He had never given a blowjob before but knew what he liked to have done to him and tired to emulate it, running his tongue along the underside as he started applying suction. The soft loose skin of her dick glided above her rock hard love muscle as he gently moved his head back until just her throbbing head was in his mouth. He gingerly licked it, swirling his tongue around it and lapping at her urethra to coax out more salty fluid. Shaka hummed in appreciation as her hands on his head became more fond and gentle. He rocked back and forth along her length, taking a good number of inches before her cock bumped against the back of his throat. She resisted the urge to plunge deeper into him. She could easily ram her entire pole down his throat but she wanted him to do all the work this time, there would be plenty of opportunities for proper throat fucking later. 

Peter's breathing became ragged and his own dick started pulsing as he grew more committed to worshiping the Orc queens member. The feel of the powerful veins on his tongue and lips along with the nearly unmanageable girth left him in awe of her godly tool, he found himself gulping down the flood of its bitter nectar without hesitation. Before he realized he was doing it he found himself raising a hand to caress her pendulous balls. A soft encouraging moan rewarded him as he tenderly squeezed and kneaded her soft smooth orbs with his fingers. As he continued to suck and fondle he felt her sack begin to twitch and tighten up, signaling her approaching release. 

Reluctantly Shaka pulled him off her dick before she lost control and exploded, his lips passing over her enormous head with a loud comical pop. He looked up at her with a confused and almost hurt expression, he had thought he was doing a good job and couldn't understand why she had stopped him. Gripping his hair tightly she began to roughly pull him across the room towards a large canopied bed, his eyes going wide as he realized her intent. She dragged him to the side of the bed and threw him face up onto the soft pillowy duvet as she reached for a small glass vial on the side table. As she uncorked the vial and began pouring its contents in one hand, he recognized the substance as the same sort of lubrication she had provided him with the dildos. 

"Now let's see if you've been doing your homework." She growled suggestively. 

Without warning or mercy she leaned in and roughly shoved two oiled up fingers past his sphincter, igniting a wave of both sharp pain and tingling humiliation. An approving smirk graced her face as her digits explored his cavity, already she could tell that his hole had been thoroughly stretched. She had been worried that he wouldn't have worked his way to the largest dildo and that she would have to break him in the hard way, but thankfully that didn't seem to be. 

"Good boy, playing with your ass just like you were told." She purred to him as she smeared the lube around his entrance. 

Peter wriggled with discomfort on the bed as he was probed. Being complimented by her for following orders made him burn with that comfortably familiar submissive feeling and this time he embraced it. He wanted to feel the completion of the sensation, to go all the way and experience the pleasure that it could give him. Focused on the feeling he had gotten when fucking himself with the dildos, he tried to get to that feeling again. Shaka's strong fingers felt around inside him aggressively until they found what they were looking for, a small fleshy bump just behind his dick. She drummed her fingers hard against his prostate, causing his hips to jump and giving him that electric pleasure he was yearning for. Unconscious moans hiccuped from inside him as his engorged penis spit globs of his own watery pre onto his stomach. The caress of the blissful shock throughout his body was even more intense than last time, sending arcs of lightning between each nerve. His broken mind soaked up the pleasure, memorizing it and learning to crave it. 

Having lubed him up as best she could, Shaka slipped her fingers out of his hole. As she left she took the rapturous sensations with her as well, leaving him a whimpering shell writhing pathetically on the bed. 

"N-no wait, please!" He moaned out, rolling around in his own sweat. "Please don't stop yet! It... it felt good." 

His pleading made her cock thrum with triumph and she chuckled at his helplessness. "You want more?" She teased him as she firmly took hold of his cheeks and spread them to reveal his wet twitching anus. 

"God yes!" He whined, his hands straying to his small nipples without his knowledge. 

"Oh, don't worry slut." She whispered as she lined up her cock with his asshole. "You're going to get more, a whole lot more..." 

She pressed the wide head of her spit slick dick to his hole, just barely kissing it. Realizing what he was feeling Peter tensed up in anticipation and held his breath. Shaka moved her hips forward, increasing the pressure ever so slightly, feeling him spread open and about to receive her. Through his tightly sealed eyes he pictured her sparkling cock barging into him, he filled his lungs with air so as to groan upon its entry. But in the next second that air was expelled as a needful disappointed whine as the queen suddenly pulled back, leaving a delicate bridge of pre between their bodies. Peter stared down at her sultry grin in puzzlement, his hole clenching and unclenching lewdly. 

"Beg me for it... beg me to breed you, slut!" Her entire body was held back ready to spring. She was leaning forward holding onto his hips standing like runner preparing for a sprint, her muscles quivering with the tension contained within them. 

Peter sat soaking in his own sweat and frustration. It was one thing to simply lie back and accept whatever abuse she could throw at him, but to actively ask for it required a level of debasement he wasn't sure he yet possessed. As much as he had mentally resigned himself to his new role it seemed that he still retained some destitute shred of shame or dignity that kept him from taking the final plunge. He retreated inward, searching for that last hold out of his former self to kill it off for good. He focused on the intense pleasure that he had just felt, knowing that he needed more of it. If he could just get her to flood his being with more of that blissful sensation he knew it would drown what little resistance was left in him. 

"Yes, okay!" He forced himself to scream, his face burning up with humiliation. "Just fuck me already! Please!" 

Shaka smiled a wide toothy grin. She could tell that he was just forcing himself to say that for now, but soon she would reduce him to a mindless drooling whore and he wouldn't be pretending anymore. She leaned over him menacingly, keeping the tip of her dick tantalizingly close to his entrance. 

"Just remember slut, you asked for this..." She whispered ominously. 

Shaka shot into motion, flinging herself straight out of the starting gate and into a full pitch sprint. Her mighty cock collided with his sphincter and barreled through without stopping. A surprised painful groan gargled past his lips as white hot slivers of pain shot out from his ass. He pathetically struggled against the intrusion as she mercilessly forced more and more of her length into him. He shuddered to think of what this would've been like if he hadn't stretched himself before hand. Suddenly her head swept passed his prostate and ignited his entire body. Rather than being simply rubbed against when he was using a toy or she had used her fingers, the massive girth of her cock completely filled him up and squashed his prostate into paste. Creating a constant hum of shocking rapture to vibrate through him. Without him even realizing it she had firmly planted all 14 inched deep in his bowels, her pendulous balls smacking at his ass. 

She didn't give him any time to adjust as she drew herself almost completely out again, with only her wide head left inside tugging at his anus and threatening to turn him inside out. He whimpered desperately at the loss of the powerful pressure on his prostate, suddenly feeling empty and cold without it. Not one to disappoint shaka immediately plunged herself back in, cooing at the tightness of his virgin orifice. His ass instinctively tightened around her as the white hot pleasure returned in full force. Shaka let loose a chain of grunts as she began to piston her cock in and out of him, repeatedly slapping her sack against his skin. A spray of sweat and moisture erupted off her toned body each time she crashed her hips against him, like steam rising from a runaway machine. Every time she bulldozed past his prostate his body spasmed in delight. He arched his back off the bed as the sexual charge spread across his tingling skin, forcing out a delirious string of moans. His body caught fire, as if someone had thrown a match onto him as he wallowed in flammable submission. The nerves of his body quickly burnt away until nothing was left but pleasure receptors, he was incapable of feeling anything else now. All other sensations like the painful stretching of his anus to accommodate her cock were magically transformed into new forms of delight. 

He felt like her huge cock was pushing all the way through his torso and up into his skull, literally fucking his brains out. It bumped and mashed his brain against the inside of his head, churning his mind to a frothy stew of sex and pleasure. One by one the thoughts and memories of his previous existence were consumed in the pink sloppy mixture, broken down to make room for more pleasure. His childhood, his education, his friends, his family, and even Delilah, all began to fade away. It was happening he realized, he could actually feel himself breaking. He stood on the last wobbling platform of his self worth precariously hanging above the swirling pink soup that once was his brain. As his mind fell to pieces around him he paused one last time to reflect on what he was leaving behind. Dignity and respect, power and influence, even his own humanity and independence, these held little meaning to him now. Everything in his life was gone and the only thing left to live for was the pursuit of more pleasure. So he closed his eyes and allowed himself to fall, along with the rest of his eroding mind, into the pit of blissful destruction. It felt good to slowly melt away into the soupy mixture, breaking apart and becoming empty. The last thing the turbulent brain goo absorbed was itself, swirling tighter and tighter into nothingness, flushing away all contents from his head. Soon there was nothing left in him expect vacuous submission, and he loved it. 

His head lolled to the side and his tongue hung out obscenely, leaking drool onto the bed spread. Her cock had pounded out all conscious thought from him and only the automated workings of his body remained. He planted his hands on the bed on either side of him and wrapped his shaking legs around her waist, allowing him to push himself into her thrusts for maximum impact. Their grunts and moans rode the thundering claps of their hips coming together out through the thick walls of the room into the adjacent parts of the castle. His untouched dick wobbled back and forth from the shock waves of her powerful thrusting, slinging precum onto both their stomachs. 

Shaka stared down at the drooling prince below her. It was obvious that his mind had already been destroyed and all that was left was to break his body. Through proper technique she would teach him to crave her dick, to feel the need to be fucked. She wanted him addicted. The muscular queen snatched up both his hands and pinned them above him as she leaned into him. Almost her full weight pressed down on him as she lifted herself up on her toes, drawing her cock out of him, before relaxing and letting gravity drive her back down into him. Her firm ass clenched tightly as she delivered a slower, but much more forceful fucking. 

"Whose my little bitch?" She hissed in his face. 

"I am mistress!" He immediately answered back, almost autonomously. 

"You're what?" She screamed down at him, releasing one of his arms and slapping him roughly across the face several times. "Go on, say it little bitch! What are you!" 

"I'm your little bitch!" He gasped in between her strikes, his eyes unfocused. "Oh god, I'm your little worthless fuck bitch!" 

The dirty talk magnified his blinding pleasure to impossibly intense heights of ecstasy. Even her violent slapping registered only as blissful crackling against his face. Lightning arced from his nipples as high voltage coursed through his body, leaving him a delirious quivering mess. 

He cried out more degrading confessions and pleas in hope of more pleasure, only a handful of them were coherent. "I'm a cum sucking disgusting whore! Mm mm yeah, make me your fucking fuck pig! I wanna be a slut for filthy Orc cock! Please mistress, please make me a slut for your cock!" 

Shaka popped her thumb in his mouth, watching him suckle on it before replying. "Oh I think you're already there on your own, cunt!" She laughed. 

With her thumb still in his mouth she forced his jaw open and pulled him up towards her. She hawked up big ball of spit and phlegm in her throat and let her jaw open slack, allowing the slimy substance to slink down her hanging tongue and plop messily into his waiting maw. His tongue went wild, lavishing in the messy goo. He swirled it lovingly around his mouth like a fine wine before swallowing, shuddering in appreciation of how it felt crawling down his throat. 
