 Atlas grunted as he rotated his shoulder this way and that. Even a slight exertion caused a twinge of pain. "Enough, Atlas," calls Illia, glancing sidelong at the thief. Atlas sighs shifting in the saddle and causing Ezma to snort. "See?"

"I know, I know," replies Atlas, as he pats Ezma's thick neck with his uninjured arm. "Just bear with me, Ezma. It's been a long day." They had left behind Unda early in the morning and now the terrain was beginning to change. 

Gone were the vibrant flowers and green plains, replaced with cracked earth and thick brown weeds. Shrubbery and the occasional tree now surrounded them.

As they left behind the Vulpus Plains and grew closer to the desert, the temperature began to rise. Thankfully, they had decided to forgo their winter clothes in favor of lighter clothes for desert travel. A move that now proved to be a smart one. 

"We're going to be using a different route and cut straight through the desert, rather then follow the 'safe' route used by normal travelers," Nizel tells them.

"For what reason?" asks Kale.

"Well, Kale, 'safe' does not necessarily mean 'short'. Rather then spend one month on the safest route we're going to cut through the old ruins in the middle of the desert and make it in a fortnight. There should be a small camp up here used by the people who transport goods through the desert."

"You mean smugglers," speaks Illia, following behind Nizel on the rocky path. "Would it be wise to cast ourselves in with their lot? Especially considering that Atlas is injured." Nizel offered a shrug in response.

"I've worked with these men before. Atlas and Kale are also acquainted with them." The two men exchange glances and Atlas smiles from under his thin, off-grey traveling cloak. "Indeed. Your good friend, Fox." 

Kale groans while Atlas laughs. As they drew closer and closer, they were able to hear someone shouting orders. It was a voice familiar to Kale, Nizel and Atlas but completely foreign to the others.

Atlas surprised everyone by loosing a shrill whistle that halted the shouting immediately. Through the shrubbery and weeds a man with red hair and flushed cheeks appeared with a naked sword in hand. His eyes grew large and a smile formed on his face when he noticed Atlas. 

"Well, I'll be damned!" exclaims the man. "If it isn't Prince himself!" Atlas dismounted and approached the man who roughly grasped Atlas' offered hand and shook it violently. "Damn, it's good to see you!"

"You, too, Fox," replies Atlas.

"And if it isn't Kale and Nizel! Aye, it's a regular reunion!" Fox looks past them and smiles. "You've got yourself a straggler, as well." Atlas followed his line of sight with the others to a white figure moving in and around the shrubbery and weeds of the desert. "Aye, you always did have a way with the animals, Prince. Too bad it doesn't extend to women!" The two laugh loudly and Kale rubs his temples. "Oh? And who is this?"

"My name is Illia," replies Illia.

"A friend of the Prince?"

"She saved my life," Atlas tells Fox. "And THAT--" Atlas motions to Nero. "--is Nero. He wants to learn what I know." Fox laughs loudly and nods.

"Aye! And you couldn't ask for a better teacher, lad! Come! I assume you're traveling to Aer, no?" Atlas nods and Fox sheathes his sword, motioning in the direction he had come from. "Then, let us be on our way! Day's wasting!" They go in that direction, Fox leading Ezma while Atlas stays behind, watching the wolf slowly approaching. 

It disappears from his sight for several moments before appearing at the edge of the weeds, peering up at the thief. "Well, come along, then," Atlas encourages. "If you're going to follow us, might as well stay close, wolf." The she-wolf follows close on his heels as he starts in the direction with the others. He could hear Fox yelling already.

"Stop screwing around!" demands Fox. "Load those damn crates!" Atlas reaches them just in time to see Fox plant his boot into the behind of another man. "I promise, one of these days you boys are going to push me too far, and...!" While Fox lectures the men loading the crates, Atlas approaches Nero who watches them with a curious expression.

He grunts as he kneels down next to the boy. "Nero, here. Take this." From his boot he produces a dagger and holds it out to the boy. 

"Prince?" asks Nero.

"I...well, Ella gave this to me when I started learning from her. Since you're learning from me, I'll give it to you now. If ever you decide to take on an apprentice, you can give it to him or her." Nero takes the dagger with round eyes and looks the weapon over. "This is not a toy, Nero. It is a weapon and I don't want you to use it until you're older, understand?"

"I understand, Prince." Nero looks past Atlas at the large she-wolf and then up at Atlas again. "Is she coming with us?" Atlas looks over and nods, patting the she-wolf on the head. A soft growl emerged from the animal as he scratched behind her ears. "Well, we should name her, huh?"

"A name...hmm." Atlas smiled. "Maua." Nero blinks in confusion. It was a reaction that he anticipated. After all, the boy thief didn't understand that language. "It's Maeror. It means 'Flower'." Nero steps close and scratches the she-wolf behind her ears. Both look over at the approach of Illia, who pats the she-wolf on the head as well.

"Are we taking the wolf with us?" asks Illia.

"Maua," corrects Nero, causing Illia to arch a brow. "It's her name."

"Well, if you've named her then I suppose she'll be coming along, then. Come, Maua." The she-wolf's amber gaze flicks to Atlas who stands with a soft grunt and follows Illia. Maua follows at the thief's side to the smuggler's cart. It was clear that Maua would be riding in the cart rather then walking with them. "Up." The she-wolf leaps up into the cart and Illia then looks at Nero. "You, too."

"Huh? But--"

"You'll be safer in the cart," speaks Nizel, approaching as well. The guide pats the she-wolf on the head without giving it much thought. "Kale and I will ride in front of the caravan. Illia, I'd like for you and Atlas to bring up the rear just in case." The amazon nods and Nero grumbles, climbing into the cart with Maua.

"Keep him safe, Maua," Atlas tells the she-wolf, not underestimating her intelligence. Maua growls softly and lays down beside him, resting her large head on her giant paws. Kale shoves his spectacles up his nose and approaches the cart, only to step back when Maua growls loudly in warning. Atlas laughs at the scholars unnerved look and approaches Ezma. "You simply do not have a way with animals, Kale."

"Alright!" exclaims Fox. "That's the last of the cargo! Get saddled up, everyone. We're heading for Aer...!"

- - -

The carts creaked and rattled as they rolled over the golden sands. Gone was the intense heat that had plagued them during the day, replaced with the cool air of night in the desert. The sun slowly sank below the horizon in the distance, panting the azure sky a myriad of beautiful colors. 

It was a view completely different from those experienced by any of them. With the great danger of the desert also came great beauty a fact that was lost on them until this moment.

Atlas brushes back his hood, turning his head to watch the setting sun. "How is your shoulder?" questions Illia.

"I had no idea you cared for me so much," replies Atlas, looking over at her. Mischief dances in his amber eye and a smile splits his face. "It's a bit stiff but I'll be fine. I don't believe they'll be much chance for me to climb anything out here that isn't covered in spines, so I should be back to normal by the time we arrive in Aer." Illia nodded slowly.

"And your decision?" Atlas' smile fades and he shrugs in response. "You realize that you will have to come to a decision eventually."

"I've already made my decision, Illia." The amazon arches a brow in question. "I'm going to meet him. I...I need to talk to him." Illia nods slowly, attempting to understand what he must be feeling.

"If you believe that is what is best for you, Atlas." Both were silent for a moment before Illia motioned towards the carts. "How do you know Fox? Was he in the Guild?" Atlas smiled broadly in response.

"I met Fox when he was moving some of his cargo through Solis. That was actually only a bit before I met you, Illia. As for his involvement in the Guild, it was short but, yes, he was a full-fledged member of the Thieves Guild."

"Did you found the Guild?" Atlas raises both eyebrow in surprise. "What? Am I not allowed to be curious about your past, Atlas? You speak so little about it that it's only natural." He chuckles softly in response and then releases a sigh.

"Yes, Illia. Myself and two others founded the Thieves Guild together."

"Who were the other two?"

"One was Vergil," spat Atlas, the name leaving a foul taste in his mouth. "And the other was Ella." A wry smile appears on Atlas' face. "And after last night, you may proudly proclaim that you have met all three of the Guild's founding members."

"Yes, Ella...has she always been like that?"

"Ella has always had a strange way of going about things. That much hasn't changed since I last spoke with her, at least. As for my fall from the roof-tops, that was the result of that man you saw standing beside her. I was caught off-guard and I suffered the consequences."

"You were nearly killed, Atlas."

"I didn't mean to cause you any trouble." The two share a small laugh...

- - -

They had finally stopped to rest and make camp for the night. The men laughed and joked around the fire, enjoying their dinner whilst the others sat across from them in relative silence. Maua lay at Atlas's feet, the large she-wolf having eaten her fill.  

Nero lay on the sands beside her, using her side to rest his head rather then setting it on the sand. He, too, had gone to sleep. Maua's ears would flick this way and that occasionally, listening to some sound far off in the golden dunes of the desert.

"At this rate we should arrive at Sherehe within a few days," Fox tells Atlas. "We'll unload some of our cargo there and then move on to the next trading post. We'll reach Aer within a fortnight at a hard pace." Atlas nods in understanding. "I'll need Nizel to translate when we arrive. Don't want them mistaking us for any kind of law, do we?" Fox looks at Maua for a moment. "Would you consider selling me that wolf, Prince? She'd make a fine guard dog."

"Maua?" asks Atlas. "Afraid not, Fox."

"I thought not. If I had an animal that fine I'd not part with it either." Fox pauses again, this time to puff on his wooden pipe. "Which leads me to my next question. How did you end up with that amazon woman, Illia?"

"It's a long story." Fox stares at Atlas flatly.

"Where am I going to go, Prince?" Atlas nods and then begins the whole story, sparing only a few details such as why they were heading to the Venator mountains, the paper they had found in Atlantis and the apparent treasure hidden by the Terin people. By the time Atlas finishes the story, Fox is nodding in understanding. "I always knew Vergil to be a snake, but his treachery surprises me. What about his blade?"

"It's in my pack at the moment. I took it before he was put to death and I'm wondering if I should part with it or not. Call me mad but it reminds me of the times Vergil, Ella and I shared in the past." Fox adopts a serious look and pats Atlas on his uninjured shoulder.

"There's nothing wrong with keeping a memento of the past. But to dwell upon the past is to lose sight of the future." Atlas nods in agreement. "When we reached Sherehe...I would recommend keeping a close eye upon Nero and Illia. All manner of goods are swapped there and I do mean ALL, Prince."

"Illia can handle herself...but I'll keep an eye on Nero." Atlas looks over at the approach of Illia, carrying a silver cup filled with a steaming brew. "Unh...is that what the healer gave me?" Illia nods and hands the silver cup to the thief. A hearty scent rose from the brew and caused Atlas to smile. "Mm. Smells delicious, at least." He sips the brew and nearly spits it out a moment later. After choking it down he coughs a few times. "Smells good but..."

Illia actually laughs in response. "Good medicine is always bitter," Illia teases. "You should have known that, Atlas." The thief nods and sips at the medicinal drink regardless. "These ruins we have to pass through, are they dangerous?" Fox laughs and shakes his head.

"Not in the least," replies Fox, smiling. "Superstitious fools claim the ruins are cursed and avoid them like a sickness. But they're no more cursed then you or I, and FAR less dangerous then you, I'd wager." A wry smile splits Atlas's face and he nods firmly.

"An understatement to say the least," teases Atlas. It earns him a stern look from Illia that doesn't bother him in the least. "Well, it's a good thing that none of us believe in curses."

"Indeed. The only real danger in those ruins is the heat of the sun. Trust me. I've navigated this route more then once in my lifetime. I have a nose for danger, Prince..."

- - -

The cart moves ever forward, the soft creaking of the wheels the only other sound escape for the occasional snort of the oxen pulling it. Nero stares past his feet at the golden sands passing below, the boy thief rather bored without anything to do. "Nero," calls Illia. "Are you alright?" He looks up and nods.

"I'm...a little bored," replies Nero. "That's all, Illia."

"What about your puzzle box?" Nero blinks and then reaches over Maua to grab his satchel and produces the puzzle box. "Work on that while we travel to Sherehe. It should keep you occupied, at the least." 

He leans back against the side of the cart and begins moving pieces this way and that in an attempt to solve it. Illia glances side long at Atlas, who was so lost in his own thoughts he didn't even hear her calling his name until she touched his arm.

Atlas looks over quickly. "Sorry, what's wrong?" questions Atlas.

"Are you alright?" asks Illia. "You seem...strange. Do you feel alright, Atlas?" A wry smile splits Atlas's face and he shrugs in response.

"I feel just fine, Illia. I was just thinking, that's all."

"About your father," asserts Illia, in a soft voice. Atlas was silent for a few moments before nodding in the affirmative. "You shouldn't worry, Atlas, it isn't a good look on you. From what I've seen, not once have you doubted your decisions, your judgment...there's no need to start now."

"Easy for you to say," counters Atlas. "I know nothing about my father, Illia. I know nothing about where he comes from...I don't even know his name. Let alone how I'm supposed to find Doran when we reach Aer." 

"Oh, ye of little faith," teases Illia, causing Atlas to smile broadly. "I'm sure Doran will find US when we reach Aer."

"Us? What makes you think I'm going to bring you along?"

"What makes YOU think you're going to be able to stop me?" Illia challenges him. "You could argue with me all day long, Atlas, but in the end I'm going to meet this man at your side...one way or another."

Atlas sighs heavily in response. "Well, I should've known better then to argue with an amazon." A small smile spreads across Illia's face, mischief dancing in her emerald eyes.

"And, yet, you do it regardless. Have you always chosen to fight losing battles, Atlas?" There was a sparkle of amusement in Atlas's eyes and a grin appears on his young face.

"Taunting an injured man. What a cruel people the amazons are." Ezma snorted loudly and Atlas patted his thick neck with an even broader grin splitting his face as a result. "See? Even Ezma agrees."

"Mind your words, Atlas. Don't think just because you're injured I won't punish you for your them." Despite that threat, a smile had appeared on the amazon's face and it caused Atlas to smile as well.

"Punished? Who knew that amazons entertained themselves in such a manner as that? Well, I consider myself to be open to new things, Illia. Who knows, it might be fun." Illia laughed a bit and shook her head.

"Any manner of punishment like THAT I decide to give you..." A perverse smile appeared on her face. "...I'm SURE we'll both enjoy, Atlas." The thief raises a single brow in response. "Of course, that'll have to wait until you can sit up without pain. We don't want you to strain something and set back your recovery." Atlas laughs a bit.

"You make me sound like an old man." A movement in the corner of Atlas's eye draws his attention. "Hm?" In the distance were several balls of what appeared to be light. "What are those?" They weaved this way and that, moving across the golden sands towards the caravan which was called to an immediate halt by a sharp word from Fox.

No one moved as they flitted around the caravan, moving around all of them before one of the orbs came to a stop in front of Nero's face. Nizel turns his mount and approaches. "What is this, Nizel?" asks Nero in a soft voice.

"Desert Spirit," replies Nizel, watching as it changes from brilliant white to a dark ruby color. For several moments it floats in front of his face before fluttering over to Illia, where it's color changes once more to a crisp emerald. 

The amazon remains rigid in her saddle as it then it flicks over to Atlas. He leans his head back in surprise, watching as it changes from emerald to a beautifully, dark amethyst in color.

It stays for only a moment before fluttering off into the distance and leaving them all surprised. "Strange," mutters Atlas. "I always imagined Spirits would be more...human like in appearance, Nizel." Nizel simply offers him a shrug in response and turns his mount away from them. Atlas glances over at Illia, who remained rigid in her saddle and appeared to be slightly pale. "Illia? Are you alright?"

"Fine," replies Illia curtly. Only Atlas seemed to notice the slight tremor to her voice...

- - -

They made camp in the moonless night, everyone gathered around the fire the same as before to enjoy their dinner. Atlas sips quietly at the bitter brew given to him by the healer. His eyes slowly drift over to Illia, sitting just a few feet away from himself and the others gathered around the fire. He stands, stepping over Maua and Nero before approaching. "Some tea?" asks Atlas, offering the cup to her.

"No thank you," replies Illia, eyeing the brew cautiously. "You said it tastes horrible...and I'll take you at your word. There's no need for both of us to suffer the horrible taste."

"Why thank you," teases Atlas, sitting next to Illia with a bit of a grunt. Neither exchanges any words for a moment before Atlas sighs. "So, am I supposed to ask, or would you like to tell me first, Miss Illia?" She looks over sharply at him, emerald eyes narrowed in question.

"I don't know what you mean, Atlas." He sips at the brew again and then sighs again.

"You're afraid of spirits, Illia," asserts Atlas, no question in his tone. Illia glares at the man in response.

"I'm not afraid of anything, Atlas."

"There's nothing wrong with being afraid of something. We ALL have something we're afraid of." Illia scoffs in response. "I mean it."

"Oh, really? What are YOU afraid of?" Atlas was silent. "I thought as much, Atlas. I'm not afraid of Spirits. I'm not afraid of anything." Illia stood slowly and Atlas caught her wrist.

"I didn't mean to offend or insult you, Illia."

"Then why bring it up, Atlas?"

"Because...Illia, you want to know more and more about me and about my past but you tell me nothing about yourself. All I know about you is your name and the fact that you're a soldier, and you know how to treat wounds. I've really never cared to get to know anyone...but I want to get to know you." Atlas sighs softly. "I thought we had come to a point where you could at least show me some trust and confide in me the same as I do you."
