 Hey, it's Useli again. I decided to introduce another thief, Nero. He will NOT be involved in anything mature and will play a role in the story. What that is...happens to be a mystery...

- - -

They didn't attract much attention on the crowded streets of the port town. Even Atlas, a wanted man in Solis barely received more then a lazy stare from some unconcerned town guards standing on the street corner outside of a shop. 

He walked along side the horses, head slightly lowered to keep his face somewhat hidden from view. It was habit that he had developed over the years. When everyone knows your face, you want to keep it hidden.

They approached a stable, apparently the ONLY one in the entire city as they hadn't seen a single one in quite some time, and were greeted quickly by a stable hand. "We'd like to put the horses up for the night," speaks Atlas.

"That'll be forty coins for the night," speaks the man in a gruff voice. The youth's brows raise in surprise which the stable hand noticed. "And if ya don't like it, go somewhere else." He snorted and handed the gold to the man.

"Fine. Easy on the grain." They hand the horses over to the stable-hand who takes them inside. Illia attracts the attention of several men passing by as she stretches her legs. The amazon looks around at all the people and then for a bath-house. "I guess we part here, huh, Kale?" The scholar nods and shoves his glasses up on his nose.

"I believe so," he agree's. "It's been a real pleasure knowing you, Atlas." The two shake hands, and then both Illia and Atlas watch him disappear into the crowd without another word. For several minutes the young thief doesn't move and then finally he stretches.

"Let's find somewhere to eat, huh, Illia?" The woman nods in agreement and they stride down the streets. It wasn't uncommon for amazons to be stared at by others and today was no different. 

They WERE beautiful after all, though the men gave her a wide birth as they passed, careful to avoid offending the sword wielding woman. She was well aware of the Prince's hands as he passed a man garbed in beautifully dyed clothes.

He was a good thief and she didn't even KNOW that he had relieved the man of his coin purse until they were several yards away and he held it up to show her with a wry smile. It was obvious that he enjoyed an audience to such things. "You're going to end up on wanted posters again," she warns. "Keep your sticky fingers to yourself, Atlas."

"Come now. We need the gold more then him." They entered the first tavern that they came across. It was dimly lit by only a few candles and a huge fireplace placed against the wall casting an orange glow on everything. 

It stank of watery ale and stale sweat in Illia's opinion but Atlas didn't pay it much mind, approaching an empty table and having a seat. There was only a handful of people in the tavern, but Illia seemed to have the attention of every male there.

Soon, two flagons of ale had been placed in front of them and Atlas lifted his, taking a long pull on it before releasing a satisfied sigh. It tasted horrible, probably the worst he had EVER tasted but considering that he hadn't had anything but water from a stream to drink for the past few weeks it was better then he could remember having in a while.

A bar maid with a cheaply painted face approached them with a smile. She paid more attention to Illia then she did to the Prince, which served to amuse him immensely.

The woman took their orders before wandering back to the kitchen. "I don't like this place. It stinks, and the drink tastes like pig swill." Atlas just laughs.

"Well, after this you can get a bath then. I've got a few contacts here that I need to speak with...I'll see if I can get us a guide to Aer. No doubt it'll be a rather treacherous journey to undertake without one." 

Several minutes of conversation passed before the food was served and they ate their fill, thoroughly enjoying a proper meal that they hadn't had time to have while he was recovering. When they had finished, Atlas left some coins on the table and they departed.

"I'll see if I can get what we need for the trip."

"Got it. I'll see you soon, Illia. Remember to watch your back...the dangers aren't always easy to see in the city..."

- - -

Everyone in the underworld had heard of the Guilds collapse and feared that they might be next...except for Lin. He was confident in his ability to bribe or otherwise evade any guards who might come snooping around their smuggling operation. Lin leaned back in his chair and closed his eye's, scrubbing a hand over his face in silence. 

He stiffened immediately when he felt a slight breeze. "You've got nerve, I'll admit that," he speaks aloud. "But unfortunately you lack common sense."

"Relax," speaks a taunting, yet familiar voice that belonged to one of his near and dear friends. "I'm not here to cause trouble, Lin." The man breaths a sigh of relief and jumps up to look back at the blond thief standing in front of an open window.

"Sneaking onto another man's ship is a good way to end up dead, Prince."

"So is smuggling." A booming laugh escapes from the balding man as he motions to the chair across from his desk. A wry smile appears in the blonds face as he approaches the desk and sits down. "I have to say, it's been quite a while since we last spoke in person, hasn't it?"

"Too long! Far too long! I have to thank you for your help on my last job. We'd never have gotten the cargo into Solis without your help." The Prince kicks his feet up on the desk and nods. "Uh-oh...what's on that genius mind of yours?"

"I need a favor."

"Unfortunately, that's what I happen to be short on these days, Prince." He sighs heavily and nods, letting his feet down as promptly as he had put them up on the cherry wood desk. "But..." Lin takes a deep breath. "...seeing as how I owe you. I cannot rightly turn you down. Let it never be said that Lin doesn't repay his debts!" The blond grins from ear to ear and nods again.

"Good! I need someone who knows the way to Aer."

"Aer? Why would you want to go there?" Atlas holds a hand up to silence the man.

"All I need is a guide...and some new clothes. Something that fits me better then these." The smuggler nodded in agreement and then slid open one of the desk drawers, removing a piece of paper and a quill. 

Several moments passed while the man scrawled down an address as well as some other notes onto the paper before folding it and handing it across the desk to the Prince.

"Follow the directions to the tailor on the paper and tell the man there who you are and that I'll cover the expenses. Come back in two days and I should have someone to take you to Aer, Prince." He nods and stands. "And...next time use the door." A wry smile lights the blonds face as he nods again, approaching the window once more instead of the door. 

Well, it wasn't like Lin had actually expected him to use the front door in the first place...

- - -

Illia left the shop in a bit of a huff. "Damn shop keepers trying to cheat me," mutters the amazon. She glanced in either direction before setting down the street with the crowd of people. She didn't see him approach, so when a hand grazed her side she reached back and grasped it by the wrist. 

The woman glanced back at the Prince, a wry smile on his young face. "Seems I've caught a thief."

"Nonsense," Atlas assures her. "I was simply trying to make sure that your coin purse was secure." He produces the item in his free hand, his smile growing even wider. "It's not, by the way." She releases him and snatches it from his palm.

"I doubt that anything of value would be secure so long as you are around." He scratches his chin, turning his hooded face up in through before nodding in agreement. 

She had come to realize he did not apologize or ask forgiveness for how he made a living...but to have it confirmed certainly confused her a bit. "Aren't you ashamed?"

"Nope." They begin walking once more with the crowd of people. Illia tried to keep an eye on his hands as they were walking, but once again missed his actual theft until they were several steps away from the man.

"If you are caught, I will not speak in your defense, Atlas."

"I think you would. It'd be boring if I weren't around to make trouble, right?" She rolls her eye's. "Anyway, we need the money." He held up an empty hand and made a few motions before producing a coin between his middle and index finger. Illia watched as he flipped the coin over the tops of his knuckles again and again. 

The amazon once again felt a hand graze her side and turned, grasping a hand she expected to belong to the Prince. As it turned out, it was a dark haired boy. His azure blue eye's were wide with surprise and he yanked back. But the half-starved boy was too weak to free himself from her grip and struggled in vain against her. 

"Lemme go, lady!" demands the boy.

"Calm down, boy," speaks Atlas. "We're not going to turn you in." This caused the boy to stop his struggling. "What's your name? Are you hungry?" The boy wasn't the only one confused by the sudden turn of events.

"Nero...and, yeah, I'm hungry."

"Alright. Let's get you a bite to eat, then." Nero eyed him suspiciously for a few long moments before a wave of recognition washed over the young boy's face. His jaw dropped open and he pointed an accusing finger at Atlas.

"You're the--" The Prince placed a hand over the boy's mouth.

"Not here, Nero..."

- - -

The tavern was crowded with people of all sorts, and it absolutely hummed with the sound of conversations and laughter. Nero ate ravenously, obviously having not enjoyed a proper meal in quite some time. Atlas had his elbows on the table, fingers threaded together and chin resting on them. 

He could remember all the times he had wanted for a good meal and had nothing more then some berries and roots scavenged from the lands surrounding the city. 

So, allowing the boy to go without a proper meal was something that didn't sit right with him. "So...you're really the Prince of Thieves...?" questions Nero between bites. A wry smile appears on the Prince's face and he nods. "Hmm...I thought you'd be bigger." A laugh escapes the thief and he offers the boy a shrug.

"Sorry to disappoint," replies Atlas. "How long have you been on the streets?"

"Mmm." The boy swallowed a mouthful of food. "Since I was seven. I'm twelve now." 

"What happened to your parents?" inquires Illia. He pauses, a look of hurt flickering across his face before he puts on the same huge grin he had been wearing nearly the entire time.

"They're not around anymore." The amazon gave him a quick once over. Nero was most definitely malnourished, but he seemed to be a strong boy. He was tall for his age, and no doubt would grow into a handsome young man. She found herself wondering what kind of parents would simply abandon their child. "Hey, would you teach me, Prince?" The blond thief arched a brow.

"Teach you?" askes Atlas. "I suppose I could...yeah, I'm sure I could. But we're not going to be staying in the city for much longer, Nero. I don't have the time to--"

"That's alright! I can go with you!" Another laugh escaped from the Prince and his smile grows.

"Well, you've certainly got the right attitude. But...the crossing to Aer isn't exactly a safe one. You might die." The boy didn't even blink. Instead, one of the most self assured smiles appeared on his young face.

"I can handle it."

"You got spunk, Nero. What do you think, Illia? Should we take him along?" The amazon looked over in surprise at the male. "Well?"

"Considering our circumstances...would it be wise?" she questions. "It will be dangerous." The Prince glances over at the Amazon with an arched brow. "Then again...I simply cannot leave this child to wander the streets and end up like you."

"Ow. I for one think that with a bit of practice he would make a great thief." The boy's grin grew wider in response to the Prince's praise. Atlas caught sight of the men the moment they entered, their eye's scanning the crowded tavern before coming to a stop upon their table. "Here comes trouble. You'd better hide."

"No way! I'll fight them right now!" Illia stood quickly, picking up the boy with ease.

"Let's go, you blood-thirsty whelp," she chastises. "We'll meet back at the Inn. I'll hang a lantern in the window."

"Got it," agree's Atlas, slowly standing. The Prince stood, grasped the chair he had been sitting in and threw it as if it weighed no more then a pebble. It collided with the larger of the men and sent him tumbling over a table. It served to irritate the mercenary sitting at the table, who quickly stood and drew his blade. This action sent the whole tavern into an up-roar...

- - -

The Prince sighed a bit, elbows resting on his knee's as he gazed down at the streets. The world seemed so slow and lazy while bathed in the silvery glow of the full moon. 

Everything seemed so surreal to Atlas. The young thief spotted a single figure walking, a woman judging by the length of the hair falling out from under her hood. Behind her followed a pair of burly swordsmen.

It was a bad sign and being the gentleman he is, the Prince decided to interfere. He stood and dashed along the face of the building, not bothered by the three story fall he might've suffered if his feet slipped. 

He vaulted across a gap between buildings and then dropped down to a wooden awning, before hitting the cobble stone street in front of the woman. She stopped and then glanced back at the men there.

Both approached quicker now and she decided that the Prince was the lesser of two evils. He produced his dagger and the men drew swords. Atlas dashed forward, covering the distance between them and him in a few quick strides. 

It caught them both off guard and he used this to his advantage. He punched the largest of the men in the throat and then the nose before slashing his throat with his dagger.

His sword clattered to the ground as he stumbled backwards, both hands going to the wound and attempting to stem the crimson tide of blood flowing down his chest. The Prince had his back to the other male, who stuck out at him. Atlas ducked the blade with ease and whirled around, slashing the man across the inner thigh and sending him stumbling backwards with a loud yelp.

The thief pushed forward, turning his shoulder to dodge the thrust of his blade and then dashing around behind him. He aimed for his spine, between his shoulders and directly at the base of his thick neck. 

The dagger hit home and his body convulsed for only a moment before going completely slack and falling face first to the ground, blood pooling around his body.

Atlas glanced back where the woman had been standing only to find she had completely disappeared. "Well," huffs Atlas, returning his dagger to his boot. "She could have at least thanked me...ah, well." 

The Prince arches a brow when he notices a piece of paper lying in the middle of the street. He reaches out, collecting the weather worn and ripped paper. There was plenty of writing on the paper, but he couldn't understand a single word.

It looked almost like amazonian, or maybe elvish. It didn't matter exactly what one it was, because both were completely beyond his ability to understand. 

But as he looked longer and longer he began to recognize only a two symbols among it...only because it was emblazoned boldly on the ring upon his finger. The same ring that Elsa had given him before departing. "Well...isn't that something...?"

- - -

Illia stoked the fire with another piece of wood, attempting to ward off the night's chill. The amazon heard movement, very soft but still there. She glances back sharply to find Atlas sitting on the edge of her bed, gazing at a piece of paper intently in the flickering orange light of the fireplace. 

"And here I thought you were on your way to the gallows," she comments, standing and approaching the window. She extinguishes the lantern, shuts the window and turns to gaze at the Prince. "What is it?"

"I have no clue," replies Atlas, his brows drawn together. "I think it's written in elvish. But this right here..." He taps a finger against the strange symbols on the corner of the paper. "...I recognize it from my ring." As if to convince himself he holds up his ring finger next to the paper and looks between the two. "Heh, maybe it was meant for me, eh?"

"Where did you get this?" She takes the paper from him and looks it over slowly.

"Some woman in a traveling cloak, and no, I didn't steal it." Her lips twitched a bit as his comment but she chose not to respond...for the moment. "I also thought it might be written in your language."

"Hardly...but I do recognize one or two of them characters. They look like elvish, but...this one looks like it belongs in the dwarven language. In fact, they look like they're...Terin." Atlas racks his mind in silence for a few moments before snapping his fingers.

"I heard about them! They lived up in the mountains before they went extinct during the war in Aer, right?" Illia arches a brow and lowers the paper to stare at the male. He offers her a simple shrug. "Kale was researching them before we left Solis. Most of the books and papers written about them have been lost to time but...legend says no one who wasn't a Terin could find the city." The amazon nods in agreement.

"Where did you get that ring?"

"What? This thing? Elsa gave it to me." Illia arched a brow in response. "She's the one who taught me nearly everything I know. Elsa is the reason that I get around using the roof-tops instead of the streets. She was one hell of a woman." 

The strangest feeling struck the amazon as he spoke so proudly of her. For a moment it confused her before she realized...she was jealous. Of a thief no less! 'It must be because I spent so much time tending his wounds,' reasons Illia silently. Even with that said...the Prince WAS a rather handsome young man. She notices Atlas staring at her strangely, his amber eye's boring right into her's. "Wh-What?"

"You ok?"

"I'm fine. Finding someone to translate is going to be difficult, if not impossible." The blond thief shook his head slowly and brushed his hood back, taking the paper from her and looking it over. "You have an idea?"

"Well...Kale studied them very extensively. He paid more attention to those people then most anything else. Anyway, he theorized that the Terin people took characters from both the elven and dwarven languages to create their own. If that's true..." Illia caught on immediately and nodded in agreement.

"Then all we need to do is find someone who speaks both elven and dwarvish", she finishes for him. "Which makes finding out what's written on that paper far easier."

"Exactly. Now...how the HELL do we go about finding someone who knows either of those languages?"

"Don't you have contacts here in Atlantis? Couldn't you ask one of them?" He sighed heavily and then shrugged. "What is it?"

"Something about going back to Lin while we're square doesn't sit right with me. I don't like to be in debt to other's and least of all that smuggler..." Again he sighed and stood, pulling his hood back up as he did so. "But seeing as we don't exactly have the luxury of being picky, I suppose that he'll make do. I'll just have to bribe him with something he wants."

"Like?"

"Well...there's strong drink and women. But money also seems to work, so I think I may just have to slip him a few coins in lieu of owing that man a favor."

"I thought he was your friend?"

"Friend? Hardly. Lin would sell me into slavery for a single piece of silver. He's one you have to be careful around." The Prince approaches the window and stops. "In fact...I'd go so far as to wager that HE was the one who sent those men at the tavern."  
