 "What have we got?" Melody asked. 

"Bad news from Japan," Nadir replied. "Kimiko and Hiro are nowhere to be found. I do not believe they are dead, as I would have sensed something of that sort, but beyond that, I do not know of their status." 

"Do you think this has some connection to Edward?" Selena inquired. 

"That is the only logical explanation that we can see," Ardashir answered. "This occurrence is no coincidence." 

Sighing, Melody said, "Ok, I'll go to Hrio's office in Japan. Maybe I can find something there that'll tell us what's happening." 

"I will go with you," Nadir chimed in, tying his long hair back into a ponytail. "Kimiko is a member of my tribe, and I will not rest until they are brought home safely." 

"Please, be careful you two," Selena said. 

"No worries, we'll be fine," Melody replied. 

***** 

"Have at me!" 

Gripping his sword in one hand, Mike followed Michael's instructions and immediately lunged for him, attacking him at range with the precision of an Olympic fencer. Michael was no amateur, however, and easily parried the strike, sidestepping with little effort. Mike couldn't help but marvel at his skills; he was wielding a two-handed claymore sword with one hand, twirling it effortlessly between his fingers. 

"You... are something else," Mike panted. 

"Do not forget, I am known as The Protector; the fiercest of God's warriors and the leader of his mighty armies. My power is equal to that of Lucifer's and exceeded only by the Son and the Father." 

"So it's not exactly a fair fight," Mike smirked. 

Michael laughed. "You underestimate the Armor of God, and even more so, you underestimate yourself." 

"What do you mean?" Mike asked. 

Michael chuckled as he thought of the best way to explain the armor's power to Mike. "Think of it this way. When you were a child, who was your favorite comic book superhero?" 

Confused by his question, Mike answered, "Well, I was always a big fan of Green Lantern." 

"Why?" 

"His power was limited only by his will. Anything he could imagine, he could do." 

"Precisely," Michael grinned. "The armor responds to you just as Green Lantern's power ring does in his stories. If you can will it to be so, it will be so. Your power is nearly limitless, if you can only conceive of it." 

"Hmm, ok so for example..." 

Concentrating momentarily, Mike focused his efforts on his muscles. Lunging forward into a powerful, overhead strike, Michael managed to block his attack, but not without being driven to the ground from the sheer strength behind Mike's blow. The Archangel soon stood and dusted himself off. 

"Most impressive, my friend. What else can you conceive of?" 

After focusing again on his muscles, Mike soon began to sprint around the training arena faster than the eye could see. He first attacked Michael once per pass, essentially jousting at the speed of sound. After three passes, Mike then planted his feet firmly next to Michael and began slashing with his sword, his movements a blur. The strikes were so fast that Michael was completely unable to defend with his weapon, and was forced to shield himself with his indestructible wings. 

"Well done, though I am hardly surprised," Michael said as he caught his breath. "It is no small feat to pass the trials the armor gave you, and the willpower required to do so is now manifesting itself in your natural abilities with God's ultimate weapon. However, you have still merely scratched the surface of what you are capable of with it in your hands." 

Glancing down at the armor he now wore, Mike asked, "There's more?" 

"Indeed. Now, I trust that you are well aware of the specific parts to the Armor of God mentioned in the scriptures, yes?" 

"Yeah, let's see... the Boots of Peace, Belt of Truth, Breastplate of Righteousness, Helmet of Salvation, and Sword of the Spirit," he said, touching each part as he named them. 

"Indeed. However, do you not notice something? Is not one of the parts of the armor missing?" 

Face-palming, Mike said in realization, "The Shield of Faith!" 

Michael continued, "Rather than craft a physical shield, Jesus suggested we instead tie it to the spiritual power innate within the armor. Do you see those dark circles scattered across the armor?" 

Inspecting himself, Mike found the spots Michael was mentioning. He counted four on each hand at the knuckles, plus one on the tops of the wrists and one on each palm. "I assume you mean these?" 

"Verily. These spots are capable of emitting raw, spiritual energy that can be used for numerous purposes. As with all other aspects of the armor, the only limit to their power is your own will. Thus, even though you do not possess a physical shield, the Shield of Faith can be instantly summoned from either arm you wish. You need only will it to be so." 

Without warning, Michael's wings suddenly became rigid and pointed themselves at Mike, firing off a pair of razor-sharp feathers. Mike, relying only on instinct, raised up his left arm in protection, summoning up a glowing, blue shield as he did so, causing the feathers to fall harmlessly to the ground. 

"Woah..." 

"Most impressive," Michael replied. "But that is merely the beginning, my friend." 

***** 

"Well, here we are," Melody said as they arrived at the reception area of Hiro's workroom. 

"Nothing... seems out of place. It merely appears that they are closed," Nadir observed. 

"There's gotta be some clue here as to what happened to them. Let's keep looking." 

Melody checked the reception desk, thinking she might be able to find something useful on Kimiko's work computer, but had no luck. Nadir used his powers to trace Kimiko's most recent movements in the area, but found that she had not been in the room in over twenty-four hours. As they were about to give up in frustration, Melody noticed something odd. 

"Huh, look at that. The entrance to Hiro's workroom looks to be guarded by some sort of computer system," she said, pointing at a screen attached to the wall. "When we were here before, it was just a keypad." 

Melody approached the monitor, inspecting it. It seemed at first to be non-operational, but soon powered up as she came close to it. After a few flashing messages indicating that it was indeed a security system, the screen changed to show Melody's face. 

"Hmm... the monitor must have a camera in it," she mused. 

As she continued to examine it, the camera began to project a grid of light onto her face, seemingly analyzing her. Though she expected nothing would come of it, she stood still until the computer finished its scan. 

Identity confirmed: Melody Braxton. Access granted. 

With a click, the door to Hiro's workroom unlocked, granting them entry. 

"Wow, wasn't expecting that," Melody said. 

"You think Hiro changed the security systems of purpose?" Nadir asked. 

"That's got to be it. Hiro is extremely aware of his surroundings; some would go so far as to say paranoid. Everything he does is calculated and with a specific purpose. If his computer recognized me, it's because Hiro wanted me to come in here."  

Now inside his workroom, they began to search the various tables scattered throughout the large room for any indications of what may have happened. There were no signs of a struggle, and Nadir found no trace of Kimiko's energies, at least not from the last twenty-four hours. However, upon reaching Hiro's large computer at the back of the room, Nadir picked up on something. 

"Melody, look here." 

She watched as Nadir flooded a spot next to the computer chair with magical energy, illuminating it in a yellow light. "What is that?" Melody asked. 

"Concentrated magical energy, specifically from Kimiko. She was in this spot not even three hours ago." 

"But that doesn't make any sense. There was no trace of her energy anywhere else in the room. Why would she have been only in this spot?" 

"I am... unsure. However, the amount and concentration of energy is more than would be accumulated from her merely standing still here for an extended period of time. Kimiko intentionally flooded this spot with her power in such a way that we would be able to trace it," Nadir observed. 

"That must mean... there's something here she wants us to see!" Melody realized. 

Almost as soon as she finished speaking, a button on Hiro's computer began to flash, beckoning to be touched. Melody pressed the button, activating the computer. After it powered up for a few moments, a recorded video of Hiro began to play on the monitor. 

"Hello, Mike and Melody. If you are seeing this message, it means that something has happened to either Kimiko or me. I am sure you are wondering why you were allowed entry into my workroom. You are well aware of my careful nature when it comes to my security and privacy, particularly in regards to the magical world. The revelation of your existence has caused me to reevaluate what steps are necessary to ensure Kimiko's safety into the future. I have always feared that some magical creature would appear to threaten us in some way, and thus have never been the trusting kind, particularly with unfamiliar individuals and magical creatures. However, I trust both of you implicitly. I cannot say for sure what may have happened to us in the time since this recording, but Kimiko has been given specific instructions to leave you a trail of some kind should something happen to us. She said that you would know what that meant. Mike, Melody, I know that you will not let us down." 

"Wow, seems his paranoia has some merit," Melody said. 

"Indeed. Still, if Edward is in fact connected to all of this, I am having difficulty reconciling these events," Nadir replied. "After all, his power is far greater than that of Kimiko's. What possible need could he have of her?" 

Melody pondered for several minutes before offering, "What if... what if it's not about Kimiko?" 

"How do you mean?" 

"You said it yourself, Edward has no need for Kimiko's power. But he might need Hiro, specifically his genius and technological prowess. What do you think?" 

Nodding, Nadir said, "It is as good a theory as we have at this point. Now, what next?" 

"Didn't Hiro's message say that Kimiko would leave clues of some kind as to what may have happened? We should probably look for those." 

"Ah, yes! Well done, Melody," Nadir replied. He began to reexamine the area of concentrated magic Kimiko had apparently left behind. "She certainly wants us to concentrate on this spot. Or perhaps she was standing here and unable to move, resulting in this being all she was able to leave for us." 

"Definitely possible with Edward's power. Hey, wait a sec..." Melody said, staring intently at the glowing magical residue on the floor. "This... almost looks like it's trying to form a picture of something, doesn't it?" 

"Now that you mention it, it certainly does," Nadir said. 

Melody drew her scimitar and began to carefully carve the outline of the spot on the floor. It was wider than if Kimiko had simply been standing, and very strangely shaped. "Whatever she was doing, it was definitely on purpose. This is way too intricate to be an accident... there, done." 

"Interesting... what does this look like to you?" 

"I don't know... it's long, got a couple of feet, and two... what are those? Sails? Could it be a ship of some kind?" 

"I doubt it," Nadir replied. "If it were a ship, the rest would look far more like a boat, I would wager. It almost looks like one of those things... those special bridges humans build to span great distances. What are those called again?" 

"Oh! A suspension bridge!" Melody answered. 

"Yes, that is what it appears to be. A suspension bridge." 

"You know, I think you may be right." 

"What would such a drawing signify?" 

"I don't know... maybe it's a clue as to where Edward is taking them?" Melody pondered. "Let's see... we know Edward's end game is this 'Great Cataclysm' mentioned by Persephone. Something large-scale that would kill countless innocent lives. Not only would that grant him the powers of the Antichrist, but also it would position Edward well to become a powerful world leader in the aftermath of such a disaster." 

"But what does a suspension bridge have to do with all of that?" Nadir asked. 

Melody's eyes went wide in horror as she finally put the pieces together. "It means... Kimiko is telling us where Edward plans to strike. The most famous suspension bridge in the world, even after nearly two centuries, still stands in San Francisco, California. The Golden Gate Bridge. San Francisco is one of the largest and most heavily populated cities in the world, not to mention a symbol of American power. An attack against it would not only kill the requisite innocents Edward needs, but it would also be a highly visible tragedy, making it all the more easy for him to seize power in the aftermath." 

Nadir was speechless at Melody's summation of her thoughts. "Would he... really do such a thing?" 

"No doubt in my mind. He's a complete psychopath." 

"Then we haven't much time..." 

***** 

"Sloppy! Predictable!" 

Mike assaulted Michael again and again, using the enhanced strength and speed he had begun to perfect through the armor. Yet nothing managed to penetrate his defenses. Mike could tell that he was now not holding back, refusing to go easy on him even for a moment. 

"Weak!" Michael shouted, blocking another of Mike's blows with his shield. "You have at your disposal one of the ultimate powers the universe has ever known, yet you have not the creativity to use the full strength it possesses. Such techniques will not best me, and they will certainly not best the Antichrist!" 

"Well then, how 'bout this?" Mike back flipped away from Michael momentarily before leaping high into the air. Aiming to land full-force directly on Michael, the archangel managed to evade his attack, but was still thrown to the ground by the sheer force of his blow as it cracked the floor of the arena. 

"Still... not good enough." 

Dammit! Guess I'll have to get more creative, but how? Let's see... Michael said that the armor's power is only limited by my imagination. Let's find out just how much imagination I've got. 

Mike racked his brain, combing through his memories throughout his life that might assist him in this fight. Finally coming upon a few that he felt would be useful, he concentrated his efforts on the armor, summoning up the raw spiritual energy from within that Michael had mentioned to him. Focusing the energy into his sword hand, Mike finally managed to charge the Sword of the Spirit with this energy, illuminating it in a bright blue light. 

"Most interesting..." Michael remarked. 

"What can I say? I'm a Star Wars nerd at heart," Mike replied with a smirk. 

Mike resumed his assault, swinging his sword with pinpoint accuracy. First striking at Michael's legs, his blows were easily deflected by his wings, however Mike could still tell that the force of the attack was much greater than before, causing Michael to stumble backwards a bit. He next targeted Michael in an overhead slash and was met by his shield. Mike's sword glanced off the surface of the shield, but left a singed slash mark behind. Finally, he began a furious frontal assault on Michael, attacking quickly from every direction. Michael dropped his shield and gripped his claymore with both hands to better respond, blocking and counterattacking when he could. Still, the speed and precision of Mike's attacks made it exceedingly difficult for Michael to do much more than keep up in those moments. 

"Most... impressive... but now it's time... for your final test!" 

As their swords locked between them, Michael threw Mike back with a blast of wind from his wings, landing him on his back. With a moment of breathing room, Michael now began to glow with an ethereal light as he drew more power from within himself. Mike watched in awe as Michael began to completely transform himself with this power. Gone was the polite, suited man he had first met, replaced with this being of immense strength. It seemed as if the light of God Himself radiated from Michael, shining so intensely that his leather armor had been discarded. As he finished his transformation, he now stood before Mike, completely nude and without weapons or armor, yet more fearsome than ever. 

"Woah... now this is what I think of when I hear the word 'Archangel.' Just... incredible," Mike marveled. 

"Indeed," Michael replied, his calm yet powerful voice echoing throughout the entire area. "You now stand before my perfect warrior form. Though you have no hope of defeating me whilst I am this form, you can manage to hold me at bay, with the proper use of the armor, of course. Now, prepare yourself!" 

As Michael extended his wings, Mike could tell that they were far larger than before, easily spanning fifteen feet. Taking flight into the air surrounding the open arena, Michael immediately accelerated to a blinding speed, assaulting Mike with a barrage of his missile-like feathers. Mike summoned his shield and began defending where he was able to while evading where he was not, but immediately realized that he would be a sitting duck on the ground. Rolling away from another of Michael's projectiles, Mike sprinted across the arena, trying desperately to build up enough speed and concentration. Finally, as he neared the edge of the arena, Mike leapt high into the air, taking flight at the same speed as Michael. 

"Now that's what I'm talkin' about!" he cried in exhilaration. 

"Be wary that your confidence does not turn to cockiness," Michael warned. 

Michael immediately started for him, charging a large amount of energy in each of his hands. Before Mike could think to retaliate, Michael engaged him in fisticuffs, attacking him with his bare hands, enhanced by the energy held within them. Mike gasped in surprise as he was hit by the first couple of blows, but managed to block the next three with his shield. With a moment's respite, Mike immediately took off at top speed, trying to come up with a strategy to equal Michael's immense power. Unfortunately, Michael was swiftly catching up to him, even at Mike's top speed. Unsure of why he could not fly faster, Mike suddenly had a realization. 

"Oh, the sword! Duh! Holding it makes me less aerodynamic." 

Mike quickly looped around to reverse directions, throwing Michael off just enough to give him time to speed up. Immediately sheathing his sword in the scabbard on his back, Mike now found that his top speed was far easier to reach. Still, Michael remained in hot pursuit, peppering the air around him with energy blasts and feather missiles. As he began to approach Mike once more, Mike decided this time to go on the offensive. Focusing his efforts on his hands, he cloaked his fists in blue energy, just as Michael had done previously. When Michael was near enough, Mike immediately slowed his speed, putting himself in Michael's face, much to the archangel's surprise. 

The pair engaged in another bout of fisticuffs, being much more evenly matched this time with Mike using a similar energy technique as Michael. As they traded punches in midair, Mike continued to allow the armor to enhance his strength, speed, and reaction time. For a while, he felt quite good that he was managing to go toe-to-toe with the most powerful angel in all of Heaven. That feeling was shattered, however, when Michael's eyes began to glow with increasing intensity. The surge of power Mike could feel from him was incredible, almost as much as when he had first transformed. Finally managing to grab Mike's wrist with one hand, Michael struck back before he could retaliate, blasting him square in the chest with a bolt of lightning from his off hand. Mike fell to the ground like a stone, his chest smoking from the impact of the lightning, landing with a loud thud. Picking himself up from the crater he had created, Mike was still amazed that through all of this, the armor had held up brilliantly, never tarnishing or allowing him to feel any pain. Still, Mike knew well that he would have to come up with something big if this fight was going to turn out how he needed it to. 
