 The next few days where chaos as wedding plans were made. There were many deliveries of food, wine, ingredients for baking, flowers, cloth and accessories for the wedding attire, and much more. Aeronwyn's head was full of ideas for her dress. After talking with the seamstress who would sew her dress, they decided on a white silk dress with lace accents, lots of beads, and flowers. Prince Brenial would be dressed in fine white silk attire as well. King Saturnos would of course wear a newly made suit for the occasion. Along with wedding attire, there were also decisions about their crowns to be made. King Saturnos had long ago passed the crown of his late queen down to Aeronwyn, but it needed some work. Aeronwyn decided she would like to have the crown set with diamonds and sapphires. Prince Brenial also liked the diamonds and sapphires of his soon to be wife's crown that he opted to have his set with them as well.

After many days of wedding plans, the big day finally arrived. The wedding was to be a huge event for the kingdom. Everyone was to attend the wedding of the Princess. Prince Brenial and Princess Aeronwyn did not see much of each other for most of the day, as each was in a different room, at opposite ends of the castle. Their royal attendants helped them dress and prepare for the ceremony which was now only a short time away. Outside the castle gates were 2 horse drawn carriages waiting to take the Prince and Princess to the church where they would marry. It was arranged that Prince Brenial would leave first while Princess Aeronwyn and her father would leave after the Prince so they would not see each other.

Prince Brenial arrived at the church and his soon to be wife was not far behind. He took his place at the front of the church, and soon the music began to play signaling that the wedding was beginning. King Saturnos and Princess Aeronwyn took their places in front of the doors to the church. As the music swelled, the doors opened and they began the procession down the aisle toward the front of the church, where Brenial was waiting to take Aeronwyn's hand. The ceremony proceeded without incident, and after many congratulations, the happy couple left the church, and headed for the celebration back at the castle.

Upon arriving at the castle, they found that a banquet had been laid out for them and the special guests that had been invited. After many joyful hours of enjoying wonderful food, dancing, and more congratulations, the celebration was over, and the King and Aeronwyn and Brenial retired for the evening. Aeronwyn and Brenial were happy to finally be alone together at last. It had been a long day of celebration, but they were still full of energy. 

Brenial carried his new wife to their chambers. Upon entering the room, they found that the candles had been lit and a fire started. It was a beautiful sight...the room was bathed in the soft romantic orange light of the fire and the flames of the many candles. Brenial laid his princess down on their soft bed and climbed up next to her. He began to kiss her neck softly. At the feel of his lips on her neck, she became aroused and started rubbing her hands over his back. After placing a few more kisses on her neck, he moved up to her lips. He pulled her in close and together, they held each other tightly as they kissed each other with more passion than ever before. They couldn't believe this was real, that they had finally done it...they would be together forever now. After breaking the kiss, they sat up and began to undress each other. She undid the clasp of his blue velvet cloak letting it fall around him, and slowly undid the buttons of his white silk shirt. As she opened a new button, she placed a kiss on his chest, continuing all the way down to the waist of his pants. Once his shirt was removed, he undid the clasp of her blue cloak, also letting it fall around her. He helped her turn around, so that he could undo the laces of her dress which ran up her back from her waist. As the laces were loosed, the corset top of the dress began to give way and her milky breasts began to fall out. He continued to loose the laces until it was easily removed. After removing the corset top, he reached around her with his soft hands and took her breasts into his hands and began to caress them, while placing more kisses on her neck. She swooned under his touch...she loved the feel of his hands on her, and he loved the feel of her skin.

He turned her back around to face him and she undid the buttons of his pants. She removed his shoes and stockings, and finally his pants. She looked longingly at him. He was beautiful. They hadn't been with together in days and she wanted him so badly, but she restrained herself. After placing a few kisses down his waist and on his penis, she turned around yet again, so that he could undo the buttons of her skirt. He looked at her beautiful body. It seemed even more beautiful than before. He also wanted her so bad, but he too restrained himself...they had the whole night ahead of them. They kicked their clothes to the floor, and took each other in their arms and just held each other for a while, kissing every now and then. After a while, they started rubbing each other's bodies and of course each one was already aroused by the sight of the other's body.

She began stroking his long hard dick, and he began stroking her soft wet pussy. It didn't take long for the temperature of the room to rise. From there they moved on to simultaneously pleasuring each other orally. Slowly they sucked and licked each other until both were good and wet. It wasn't long until they moved to face each other again. This time he laid down on the bed, and propped himself up into a half sitting position, while she climbed on top of him and began sliding her very wet clit up and down his rock solid member. While she continued to ride him, he took her breasts into his mouth and began to suckle them to heighten the pleasure she was experiencing. This heightened her pleasure so much that she quickly reached an orgasm. When her orgasm was over, she returned the favor by giving him the best blowjob. She started by taking the base of his dick in one hand and running her hand up and down it, while taking his balls in the other and massaging them slowly. After a few minutes of rubbing his dick up and down, she took the head into her mouth and started circling her tongue around it. This felt very good to Brenial and he began to moan. She continued this for another minute or two and then she licked his dick up and down slowly, treating it like a popsicle. She continued to circle the head of his dick and lick it until he reached his orgasm.

Aeronwyn and Brenial laid back on the bed and snuggled together again. The passion between them was still rising. They were so in love and totally unaware of their surroundings now. They only had eyes for each other. They stared at each other for a long time while they kissed, stroked, and caressed each other. They were again becoming aroused from the massaging and decided to have some more fun. This time he climbed on top of her while she laid back. He planted kisses from the insides of her thighs up to her soft sweet pussy. He gave it a lick and continued planting kisses up her body, until he reached her lips. When he reached her lips, he kissed her with so much passion and heat, it felt as though the room were on fire. 

Slowly he lowered himself into position so that he could penetrate her silky wet waiting pussy. He slid his rock solid member into her waiting pussy, as a low moan escaped Aeronwyn's lips. It felt even better than the first time she had him inside her. Slowly he began to pump his dick in and out, until her moans intensified, and he starting pumping faster. He loved watching her body move while they were have sex, and so he rolled her over onto her stomach and she got up on all fours so that he could watch her move. Her body was graceful even while having sex...it moved smoothly as though she were floating on air. After watching her body for a while, he decided that he wanted to watch her beautiful milky breasts bounce up and down while she rode him, so he rolled her over so she was facing him and then together they rolled over so he was on the bottom and she was on top. She moved her body up and down over his hard slippery dick very fast, which caused her breasts to bounce wildly. 

After watching them for a few minutes he was mesmerized and decided to play with them. He took them in hands and started caressing them and suckling them until together, they both reached the ultimate orgasm. It was so mind blowing that they couldn't move except for the shudders of their bodies, nor could they talk except the moans escaping their lips. It was more than 5 minutes before they were able to move or talk, because the orgasm just seemed to keep going and going. As their orgasm came to it's end, they laid down next to each other to finally go to sleep. They snuggled together and watched each other until they fell soundly asleep.