 "Two horse feet." A fruity and high-pitched voice said.

"Done." Another voice with a husky and sultry sound responded

"Tongue of an albino tiger." The fruity voice said.

"Done." The other replied.

"Now stir three and a half times clockwise with an angle of forty-five degrees." The fruity voice said.

Hiding behind a tree Stard heard the voices attentively without peeking for he feared his discovery.

Stard was bathing in a stream of water when he was startled by these two voices from clearing a little distance away. Quickly and quietly, Stard wrapped a towel around his hip, picked up his sword, and walked up to a tree to inspect.

"Now add a virgin's undergarment soaked in her juices." The fruity voice said.

"Now, stop sniffing." The fruity voice said.

"When I said no sniffing, I didn't mean you could lick it you bitch." The fruity voice said.

"Fine, fine...Uugrh...there you go, happy now?" The husky voice said.

"I'll be happy when you stop spoiling our work."

"Me spoiling the work? You are the one who spoils all the work."

"Shut up now and add a primate's seed."

"Okay give it to me."

"Give it to you? I gave you all the ingredients that I collected."

"Well, you didn't give me any primate's seed."

"I didn't give you any because you were supposed to collect them. I collected Horse feet, Virgin's undergarment, black nether mushrooms and bone powder and you were supposed to collect Albino tiger's tongue, wolf bane's root, the eyeball of a peahen and... a PRIMATE'S SEED." The fruity voiced one said.

"What? You were supposed to collect the seed you lying cunt."

Stard slowly peeked from behind the tree. He saw two women on either side of a big black cauldron.

The one with fruity voice was slender and tall, she had a curly bobbed jet-black hair. Her eyes were narrow and devilish red. Her dress was black and revealing her beautiful curves and exposing her bare skin between her breasts. One of her legs lay bare completely until her thighs.

The other one had fiery red hair and seductively huge and pure blue eyes. Freckles spread across her cheeks like stars in the night sky. Though not as tall as her companion, she was by no means short. She wore a simple white tunic. Her hair tied behind her reached almost her wide and hip.

"Good God! You are hopeless." The black haired woman walked away from the cauldron waving her hand in the air and suddenly stopped.

"You, behind the tree reveal yourself." The lady called out starring directly at Stard.

"Who...Who are you? What is this you are doing?" Stard asked as he hesitantly stepped out, pointing his sword.

"Hmmm...Look what we got here, that is some fine body. I think we can harvest some primate seed from this man." The red-haired lady said ignoring the man's questions as she hungry-eyed his half-naked body.

Stard getting into his stance and tightening his grip on his sword, he asked again firmly, "Who are you?"

The red-haired lady continued walking forward and let out a giggle and spoke, "My, my, is this how you talk to two unchaperoned delicate ladies you meet in the wilderness?"

The lady now had reached Stard, she slowly lifted her hand caught the blade of Stard's steel sword with three of her fingers and pressed. Starting from the point where she held, cracks propagated throughout the blade and the blade broke into several pieces.

Startled Stard took a step backwards, "Who... Who are you? Ha...How did...Wha..."

"Now, look at what you have done, you have frightened our little primate." The lady in black spoke.

As she slowly walked up to Stard she said, "Now weary traveller, don't be afraid. This rude one here is Regan Magnus and I'm Morgan Magnus. We just want something of yours and in exchange, we'll give you a good time."

Scared Stard took another step back as Morgan reached for Stard's towel.

"Don't be shy, if you obey may be we will help you with your little quest of yours. Chitra is all lonely and scared you know."

"How...how do you know about Chitra. What the fuck are you?"

As Stard was about to bolt, Morgan caught him by his neck and pulled him and whispered in his ears "Dear primate, you need to be more brave if you want to succeed in your quest."

Then she proceeded to kiss him which Stard promptly resisted by sealing his lips tightly, she then bit his lips and pulled down.

Blood oozed from the bite, Stard opened his mouth. Morgan without wasting a second invaded his mouth and wrestled his tongue with her's. After a full ten seconds, she slowly pulled her tongue out licking the fresh blood in the process.

As she broke the kiss, Stard's eyes rolled up and closed, losing his balance Stard slowly fell down.

After an indefinite time, Bard slowly stirred, as he opened his eyes he saw his cock, now completely erect and feverously stroked by two hands, one of Morgan's and the other of Regan's. Both of them were on either side. As they were stroking they both leant forward and were kissing each other. Stard could clearly see their tongues invading each other's mouths, as they kissed a string of saliva formed and dripped on his erect penis. Looking at this scene all the confusion, the fear before that, everything vanished as his primordial instincts kicked in. He extended his arms towards their breasts, each armed reached for one breast, almost as if he were comparing them. He slowly glided his fingers on the ladies' soft breasts.

They broke their kiss and glanced at Bard, "Is the little primate game now?" Regan said.

"Yes." Bard cooed.

"Here make better use of that mouth." Regan said as she got up sat on Bard's face.

Her pussy was smooth and tight, clean shaved. As he ate her doughy pussy, syrupy juices flowed into his mouth which he hungrily swallowed them. With his hand, he kneaded her firm butt. He spread her elastic and firm butt apart as he licked her labia. Slowly he pushed his finger to her tight butt hole and fingered her.

Morgan, as she stroked the cock slowly bent forward, licked the tip of Stard's cock and slowly she took the whole head inside his mouth and she started bobbing her head. And slowly she took the whole head inside her mouth and started sucking on it as she started going further lower and lower until she found her comfortable spot and then she picked up the pace.

After around five minutes, Bard pushed Regan down on the ground and rubbed his cock on her wet pussy and slowly inserted it. He sent the full length of his cock into her pussy and pulled it out, and then he increased his pace. 

Morgan slowly sat on Regan's face, who promptly started eating it. Morgan bending forward started licking Regan's clit as Stard fucked.

"You like that," Stard said.

"Yes... faster." Regan replied.

Stard increased his pace. As he pounded her, her entire body lying on earth shook; both Regan's and Morgan's beasts giggled freely. 

Regan started moaning, "uug...uug...I'm cuming, deeper."

Her moaning peaked and then stopped. She closed her eyes savouring the moment. Her pussy flooded with fresh juices.

Rolling over, Morgan got on her knees and said, "fuck me."

Going to her he started rubbing his cock on her pussy. 

"You want me to fuck you?"

"Yes."

Stard reaches to her hanging breasts and pressed them, her breasts felt like clouds wrapped in silk. Her chocolate brown nipples were hard and pointy. Pressing the nipples, Stard pulled on them. Morgan let out a loud moan. 

"Then you'll first talk. Are you witches?"

"Yes. Now fuck me."

Stard put the head of his dick in stopped.

"So you needed my semen for your potion?"

Stard continued foundling with her breasts.

"Yes."

"What potion are you making."

Morgan pulled herself up and pushed Stard down on the ground and shoved his dick inside her.

"Enough tease."

Regan got up and crawled behind Morgan as Morgan was slowly moving up and down the cock.

Regan began licking his balls. Morgan increased her pace. 

"Little primate is enjoying?" Morgan asked.

"Yes," He said.

Regan kept licking his balls and shaft. 

"You little prev how do you like my cunt?" Morgan asked

"It's...it's awesome. So tight and warm, oh... you dirty witch."

"yes, I like dirty..."

After around ten minutes, Morgan announced, "I'm cuming."

She increased her pace, she could feel his cock twitching, "Let us cum together."

Bard realised three hot jets of cum inside her, her vagina flooded with both her and Bard's fluids. She collapsed on Stard. Cum slowly dripped from her pussy and fell on his now soft cock. Regan who was still there started licking out the dripped cum and then proceeded to Morgan's pussy. She scooped out cum mixed with Morgan's juices and swallowed it. She continued until she ingested all the cum. By which Morgan had another orgasm.

"So how are you going to use my 'seed'?" Bard asked.

Morgan pulled out three vials filled with a blued liquid out of thin air and waved it around.

"Already made it while you were passed out," Morgan said sheepishly.

"Here have one," Morgan said, placing one vial on his chest.

"You'll know when to use it," Regan said.

"The Hill is just a day's walk from here," Morgan said.

"Careful, lone traveller for a Pisachi's emotions are fickle and decisions are arbitrary," Regan said.

"How do you..." Bard's question was cut off by Morgan who put her long slender index finger on his mouth.

"Ssshh... Don't worry primate, we are on your side."

With that, both Morgan and Regan levitated and slowly faded.