 The Princess of Mahoon is a fantasy meant to combine pulp science fiction with more erotic themes. Thanks to everyone for the incredible feedback on Chapter 1. As chapter 2 begins, Aklia the princess scout has caught and bound a Sadeerian warrior. In her haste to claim her prize and improve her standing in the Tribe, she prematurely mounts her captive, only to be taken captive herself. The story continues from the viewpoint of her abductor...

******************

Journal

Science Officer

28-767-3402

Both specimens are alive and intact. 

Alien's left arm is injured with a small projectile.

The woman is perfect.

Rowan reached up to decrease the sedative running into the arm of the raven-haired girl lying naked upon the table. His magnetic shoes allowed him to stand in zero gravity, but all of his things kept floating away from him while he worked. On top of that he'd been nauseated since leaving Mahoon's gravity and had thrown up twice in his sleeping quarters with disastrous consequences to his bed. He decided he would never get used to space flight.

Glancing down, he found his hand upon the woman's bare shoulder again. He pulled back in embarrassment, though there were no other conscious people in the science lab. Looking over his shoulder at the pale alien across the room, he decided that the nudity must be getting to him. The two bodies, stripped since the moment they were captured, each gave him goose bumps. But for different reasons.

Nothing in medical school or graduate school prepared him for this mission. He'd never been in space, never even met anyone who'd been in space. He was an overeducated science geek who made a hobby out of ancient cultures. Teaching culture and languages to teenagers at district college was much less interesting than medical research, but there was a doctor glut and he had a new wife to think about now. 

The only person that he had seen completely naked before he got married was his anatomy cadaver, Holmes. And Holmes was a 138 year old man. With a big dick. Holmes had already been broken down into parts for the students when they got him, but the part that bothered Rowan was that giant schlong. It wasn't fair that this dead body had more to work with than he had. 

He looked back at his hand again, tentatively tracing the female's shoulder again. Even after a cleansing, her skin felt oily and rugged. And she was copper-red. She was built like no one he'd ever seen before. No one on Mahoon had muscle like this. Hell, he'd never touched a person like this, even his wife. Especially his wife.

It had taken the Ministry nearly 32 years to pick a mate for Rowan. Kahay was 33 and had been an information librarian from Apolla Terrae Level 70, a mining colony in the most secluded province from the capitol city. Her move to his one bedroom flat last year had been awkward to say the least. Come to think of it, Holmes was still the only person that Rowan had ever seen naked before today. With the lights on, anyway.

The girl groaned and arched her head back slightly. Damn, her tits were huge. Beyond huge, they were obscene. Wider than his hands, though this was merely conjecture at this point. She was the tallest human he had ever seen. He couldn't remember anyone in Tranquil City who would come to her chin. Not that anyone would look her in the eye. They'd be staring right into those two behemoths.

He clicked on her medical chart. She measured just over six and half feet and had weighed in at nearly 210 pounds on the ground. He couldn't imagine how the men had managed to lift her or that alien onto the ship, even with a winch. He could barely move on that godforsaken heavy planet. He also had samples of her DNA and blood cooking, but knew he'd have to wake her up to learn what they needed to know. Hell, she was the reason he was on this blasted ship. She'd been asleep since she was hosed down with sedative while she was wrestling with the alien. And it seemed from the air that she had been getting the better of him.

He waddled over to check the alien while the girl smacked her lips dreamily. Lying eight feet across a seven foot table, the beast was menacing even through tightly closed eyes. The crew was under strict orders not to awaken this one until they were back on Mahoon. That was one order he would have no trouble following. 

They had found the Sadeer bound with natural fiber, probably from the girl, and Rowan had forbidden anyone to remove it. The rope tied his hands behind his head and was pulled down his back and tied off in a figure eight around his hips and groin. Besides the grip of fear he felt every time he approached the animal, that groin was the other reason Rowan felt uncomfortable in the room. Looking at not one but two big dicks on the beast was even more painful than looking at old Mr. Holmes. 

He ran the analyzer over the alien's head. The brain was large and complex, almost human. The retinas seemed to be misshapen on both sides, though, and Rowan wondered if the thing was blind. The small ears and hairless puckered face reminded him of old drawings of ancient water-dwellers called fish. Fishface. That's what he decided to name the big bastard.

Turning, he saw the female's face staring at the ceiling. Her gaze was dancing as if she couldn't focus, but she turned slightly toward him as he glided over beside her. The plastic tethers that held her down on the table strained a bit as she spastically attempted to rise. Rowan smiled at her and tried to tell her to relax but she simply stared ahead, as if looking through him.

"Damn, son, get your act together," Rowan thought to himself. The whole reason he had been selected for this mission was because of his ability to translate ancient languages. He had studied thirty of the forty-five ancient planet texts found in Tranquil's archives. Nevermind that he'd never actually heard anyone speak any of them.

"Be comforted and fear not, for I am a peacemaker. Art thou injured?" Rowan spoke softly and slowly, struggling to form the words in his mouth as he went. 

The girl blinked and focused in on his face. Her eyes widened as if she recognized some of his words. After several seconds, she opened her mouth as if to reply but merely drooled down her chin. Rowan jumped up and decreased the sedation more before retaking his place at her side. He spoke to her in soothing, disjointed phrases, trying desperately to look her in the eyes and forget that she was naked. And it couldn't have been a harder task.

"...a ship sailing on air. Journeyed to find thou. Like Helen of Troy. Without the horse. Bad example. Understand?" He rolled his eyes listening to himself. He was speaking gibberish and he didn't know whether to blame the language or the tits. 

The girl closed her eyes and sighed, shaking her head. Rowan felt his heart sink. "She doesn't understand me," he whispered to himself, "what am I doing wrong?"

"Nothing, lovely one," she said as her eyes open to fix on his. "I understand you perfectly. You are my angel? I am in Heaven?"

Her voice stunned him. The words sounded exotic but he knew their meaning perfectly. She listened patiently as he tried to explain in broken phrases that they were not in heaven and that he was human like her. To emphasize the point, he lowered his hand to her chest above her heart. Between her tanned breasts, his hand gripped her flesh as if feeling for her pulse. He meant it as a quick gesture, but his hand would not release her. He felt his erection beginning again, like when he first saw her lying in the forest. Reluctantly pulling his hand away, he then put his hand on his own chest and nodded.

Suddenly, her hand appeared from below and reached out for chest. As she did this, her upper body began to drift toward the ceiling. He realized that she had simply broken through her tethers as if shrugging them off. Rowan grabbed her shoulders and held her down to keep her from floating up. Startled, she looked at him with suspicion for the first time as his wild eyes tried to think of something to do. How could she break through the plastic? Did he forget to secure them properly?

Just then a commanding voice drained him of all his color. Spinning around at the sound, he stood in front of Captain Nasah-Avi who had just entered the portal door. Without thinking, Rowan threw his arm back to hold the girl down onto the table. Had he more time to react, he might have realized that he was holding her down by one of those delicious breasts so that she wouldn't float away in front of the Captain.

"...about twelve more hours before we dock. Evasive position has cost us some time, but I'm sure we weren't spotted by the Sadeers. Will you have the girl awake by then, Officer Rowan?" The captain was a short man, but pulled himself to every inch of his height each time he spoke. Rowan was nearly as afraid of Captain Nasah-Avi as he was of that damn alien. Luckily, the captain was half-turned to inspect Fishface, hardly giving the girl behind Rowan a notice.

"Yea... yes sir. She's in a very delicate time in recovery and I don't think extra stimulation will be good for her. Could I get a guard outside the portal, sir? To, er, keep the men from getting curious and upsetting her before, you know, she's ready?" Rowan was sweating now, something he hadn't done in twenty years.

"Quite right, Officer. A detail will be dispatched immediately. Is there anything else you require?"

Rowan felt the girl's fingers creep up his back as if walking up his spine. He shifted quickly so that his elbow would trap her wrist against his back. He now realized where his hand was and his voice raised nearly an octave. "Good, I mean, thank you, sir. No, nothing. Everything is going splendidly, superbly. Um, never better. How are you?" The beads of sweat had to be showing by this point, but the captain still seemed to be surveying Fishface intently.

"According to plan, Officer. Make sure that he's secure at all times per protocol. Carry on." Nasah-Avi turned to leave, then spun around with an afterthought. "You are planning on covering them soon, I hope, Officer Rowan. It will not do to keep them in this state of vulgarity, you know." The captain caught his eye briefly before disappearing without waiting for an answer.

As the portal door closed, Rowan nearly fainted. It wasn't until the girl's hand closed upon his arm from behind that he regained his senses. Her grip was inhumanely strong, and she seemed to be lifting his arm up slowly. He turned to find her sitting up holding his arm, and searching the science lab with inquisitive eyes. He begrudgingly removed his hand from her hardened nipple and gently pushed her shoulders down to the table. 

Once he got her supine again, he retethered her and tried to explain zero gravity to her. Even though he knew she probably had no idea what he was talking about, she didn't attempt to remove the tethers this time.

Rowan went to the portal door and locked it against further invasion. Just as he started to go back to the girl, the sleep alarm went off. A short message from the first mate came through demanding sleep for the crew prior to docking initiation just as the lights in the cabin went half dim. Though he hadn't slept in nearly two days, Rowan couldn't head to the bunk. It was all he could do to tear himself from the woman, but he simply had to recut and edit the science lab's video recorder before they reached Tranquil City. Even the grainy images of his intimacy, not to mention her floating, would be enough to get him into hot water he was sure.

Heading into the control booth, he replayed the tape. Yep, there it was. His hand on her shoulder, her breast. Her floating behind him as he talked with the captain. As he reran it several times, he enlarged the image of her. While he stood with his back to her, her hand had traveled over her body, from her neck to her abdomen. Probably looking for more tethers. He froze an image of her hand on her nipple. His hard-on returned, but this time he didn't mind it so much. Rowan leaned against the control desk so that he could press it against something hard. This was what he always did when he wasn't being watched and his dick woke up.

After replaying the image of her fingers touching her breast several times, he advanced the tape and saw her hand snake up his back only to be trapped by his elbow. Then, he leaned forward as he realized what her other hand was doing. She had reached down to cup her genitals with her free hand, not releasing herself until she began to float off the table as the captain was walking out.

Rowan sat in amazement. Twenty times he rewound the tape, each time growing more excited. The girl was clearly touching herself. Almost...playing with herself. He had never seen anything like this before. The Ministry of Health expressly forbid this type of self-exploration; he didn't even hold himself while pissing. The taboo was so strong that he couldn't even bear to guide himself into his wife the few times they had practiced intercourse. Since they hadn't been given the clearance to have a child, they had not done this often and frankly it had never gone that well. 

He stood almost breathless watching her arm move down and back again. Eight seconds. Eight seconds she did it, but it changed his whole world. He contemplated as he humped the desk leg that he had never touched himself sexually. Nor had he ever considered the idea. His hand slid down over his suit and came into contact with the hardness underneath. Trying to mimic her, he covered his crotch with his hand and sighed with how good that felt. This was better than leaning against a desk any day. And yet guilt kept creeping over him as he fought to hold his growing erection.

With one hand he cut out the offending tape and respliced it with footage of the two captives lying motionless and asleep without anyone else in the picture. He would have to chance it that the captain would not review the tape from the science lab and realize that his visit had been cut out. He then made a new tape of the removed images. This one he would keep from himself. He did all of this left handed, his right one not letting go of its newly found handhold.

After he hid his personal tape away in his belongings, he returned to hit the record button on the camera. The live image of the next room lit up the screen and he lost his grip on his cock. There was the girl on the screen, floating over the paralyzed alien and trying to maneuver in the zero gravity air.

"Oh shit. Oh... Holy shit. I'm dead. Fucking dead." He could only stare at the swimming figure, for as beautiful as she was, he knew this would be the end of him. The girl was spinning in circles, laughing and enjoying her new game.

Mesmerized, he forgot to turn off the record button. He stood flabbergasted, thoughts of banishment or worse dancing in his head, the sight of the naked figure twisting and turning in the air drawing him closer. He'd never seen anything so...erotic.

With a sudden collision, the girl landed against the alien's legs strapped onto the table. Gracefully, she grabbed a tether with each hand and pulled herself against his body. Her feet disappeared around each side of the table's end as she held on with all fours to keep her body from floating away. Her face was turned toward the camera and appeared stunned at first, then it broke into a wide grin. 

She looked down and saw the alien's upper thigh and groin before her. The alien's snaky cocks, suspended in the zero gravity, waved back and forth in front of her face. Rowan could see her talking now, as if speaking to the huge dicks in front of her. He turned up the sound and caught only a whisper of what she was saying.

"...humans, aren't they? You are fallen from cooking pot into fire. I wonder if the men will have their way with you as I will." Her expression turned thoughtful. "Or maybe they have women."

The scene before him entranced poor Rowan and he was barely aware that he had his cock back in his hand. His gut reaction screamed to let go, but he could not obey. The sight of this dark beauty holding herself down on top of the naked alien, cocks flying just inches before her face, was too much for him.

The girl suddenly straightened her back and inched up his thighs until she was peering down at the first cock. Her sultry voice came through low and forceful.

"I will assure my place in the tribe or else. For you are mine."

With that, she lunged toward the nearest cock. It was the smaller of the two and was still at least six inches in length. Rowan looked down at his own weapon being squeezed subconsciously by his fingers. His looked very similar but had never felt the touch of a woman's mouth before. Who had?

She caught the smooth surface of the side of the shaft with her lips and held it there while she readjusted her handhold on the tethers. Then she bit upwards in small hops so as not to lose the cock completely. The smaller rod seemed to grow slightly and stiffened as she worked her way along it's length.

Once they reached the tapered tip, her lips parted and Rowan saw her tongue flick back and forth as if tasting. She made a face and spit, the alien's cock slipping from her mouth and floating away. He thought he heard her say, "Piss," but he couldn't be sure. As her face came back into view, she was smiling again, though it was a slightly devious look it seemed to Rowan.

He heard her calling out, a little louder this time, "Sadeer, you taste like pigshit. You're impotent, disgusting, and worth only one thing. Now Devil, by the Queen, give it to me."

As she spoke, Rowan saw her lean into the beast's groin and he lost her face against the base of the second cock. This one was enormous, triangular head topping a shaft as thick as a forearm. Even semi-erect it stuck out from behind her head as she licked the base of the dancing monster cock.

Her thick hair hid her face but he could tell by the way that her head shook back and forth that she was toying with his cock. He'd never seen a blowjob before, never even considered the possibility of oral sex. Little did he know that the girl was engaged in her first as well, though she had practiced on wooden dildos countless times while bunking down for the night.

The girl's head rose up the big cock slowly, finally moving to the side so that he could see her jaw and mouth. Her head on its side, she held the base of the cock between her lips, tongue slipping back and forth. Once, he saw her teeth biting into the big cock and her saw her break off in laughter and he thought he saw Fishface jerk for a brief moment. Otherwise, the huge beast was a bound victim completely at her whim.

She captured his dick again with her mouth and began the climb up the cock in little jumps. This gave the appearance that she was repositioning his growing erection as if to gobble it up from the end. Once the head was reached, she tongued all the way around it, leaving a trail of saliva dripping down the shaft. The cock grew tighter and didn't seem to sway as much now, standing straight up at her face.

Rowan began to feel fluid leaking out of the end of his cock. He looked down and his own member was hard as a rock, with one clear drop of liquid appearing at the opening. He'd never seen anything like this; in a way it reminded him of the moisture on his cock after he and Kahay had tried intercourse, except then the fluid had been all over his dick when he pulled out. He'd always assumed that this was her liquid, since he was not given permission to spill his seed yet. He tried to recall the scientific name of the male fluid but it escaped him at the moment. He touched the fluid and picked it up with his finger. Lifting it to his lips, he sucked it into his mouth to see how it tasted. Semen, he thought. It's called semen. Or is it pre-cum? Damn. Either way, it didn't exactly tickle the palate.
