 Once upon a time in a faraway land lived the beautiful princess Alexandrea.

Alexandrea was dreadfully lonely, and only had the company of her manservant a midget named Brian. The midget was a deaf mute and could only communicate by hand signals.

One day the lonely and incredibly bored princess and her manservant travelled outside of the castle in disguise to go to a tavern on the northern outskirts of the kingdom.

She had heard interesting stories about this particular tavern and wanted to see if they were true.

The carriage bumped over the cobblestones nicely causing Alexandrea to become slightly aroused so she let her mind wander to the rumours and what she may do if they held any truth. Her fathers Kingdom was one of the most respected in the land and any possibility of misadventures was frowned upon and could even be punishable. The punishments could vary depending on the severity, so far she had only seen banishment, a beheading and some torture. If the stories were true, she could only imagine what could be done to deal with this issue.

Brian scratched at his trousers the more the carriage jostled.

She would have had him reassigned a long time ago if it weren't for his skilled hands. He was well versed in the art of massage and ensured her body tension was released with incredible dexterity.

Thinking about his hands on her bare flesh started her pulse quickening so she motioned for him to join her on the bench. As he moved over she pulled her skirt up for him to have easier access to her skin.

Sliding his chunky midget hands up her thighs Brian started caressing her most private areas like she loved. Gently popping a gnarly finger inside her slick pussy and rubbing her clit. She gasped. It always felt so amazing when he first started touching her. Sometimes she would ache for him so badly he had to massage her multiple times in a row.

When Alexandrea's father had assigned the misshapen servant to her she had thought him grotesque. It did not take long until he had taken the initiative to pleasure her this way. She had never been touched by a man before and as a princess, she would not be until her future husband claimed her.

She could hear her juices slopping on Brian's fingers as he thrust them inside her. Her head thrown back in ecstasy as he brought her to climax for the third time that day. She had noticed that sometimes he liked to lick his hands after she had relieved herself on him and that his pants were bulging. This time out of curiosity she reached out a hand to feel the bulge and found it rock hard. 

At that very moment the carriage came to a stop. Alexandrea hastily pulled back her hand, straightened her skirt and readied herself to investigate the tavern.

Upon entering the establishment she knew immediately that something was off. There were too many men and very few women. Those who were present were scantily dressed and flirtatiously sitting on the laps of some of the men.

The proprietor of the tavern greeted her warmly - a short exotic looking man - and asked her if she would like a private room for the remainder of the day. Trying not to look too suspicious Alexandrea agreed to the offer. Looking around while he scurried off quickly to prepare what he called the "best room in the house for a travelling lady". She spotted two young beautiful identical looking women - one was stroking the beard of the man who's lap she sat on and the other was bent over a table with her skirts up around her waist and a line of men ready to insert themselves into her pussy.

This was worse than she had feared. It wasn't just a whore house, it was a direct violation of her fathers laws against the misuse of the body for money.

The proprietor returned and asked her to follow him to a large room at the back of the building and provided instructions for Alexandrea's effects go be brought from the carriage to a nearby servant.

The proprietor introduced himself as Tony and asked if she would be interested in dining with a visiting noble. An offer she cannot refuse if she wants to remain anonymous.

Tony informs her the noble is a Duke who would be very honoured to have her join him at his table. Nodding her agreement she entered her room to freshen up.

The tall full length mirror screamed of opulence that normally was not offered at such an establishment and Alexandrea wondered if the room was one belonging to the women downstairs being pumped by various men. Vaguely she could hear their squeals of delight.

Brian entered the room with her case and closed the door behind him as she washed her hands and placed a cool damp cloth on her neck. She was feeling very warm and her thoughts were racing about the scene she had seen downstairs, she reclined on a nearby divan feeling oddly aroused by what she witnessed. Was this a normal feeling? She wondered.

Brian approached, took the cloth from her neck, rinsed it in the basin of water before lifting Alexandrea's skirt to have access to wash her dripping pussy from her release only minutes before.

This was one of her favourite parts after Brian massaged her. He sensuously washed her inner folds, she sighed and lifted her hand to stroke his arm letting him know she was grateful for everything he was doing. She had not done this before, and Brian took this to mean she was not satisfied. He dipped his head towards her inner thigh and began licking her clit sliding his finger inside her once more. It was almost too much. This was different to what he would normally do for her but it felt incredible. Her hips involuntarily began humping towards his hungry mouth that now slurped at her flowing fluid.

Completely lost in the sensations of Brian's tongue caressing her insatiable and unknown lust she did not hear the door open and Tony step in to escort her to dine with the duke.

He watched as Brian's expert fingers and face buried in her willing snatch brought her to another orgasm. But this one was the most intense she had experienced with him yet and she moaned and panted heavily with the final throes of her need. 

Brian stood to rinse the cloth once more to clean the newest mess from between her thighs and Alexandrea noticed his bulging trousers again. He always wanted to make sure she was cared for and had everything she wanted, so she knew that if she wanted to feel and see the bulge he would never refuse.

Her dainty hand reached out to stroke his rock hard lump. He stopped and closed his eyes when she traced the outline of his cock through his pants, not knowing what could have caused it to become so engorged. 

Tony watched from the doorway in awe. This noble lady used her midget manservant as a sexual partner. It made more sense now that she would venture to his establishment. As quietly as he had entered, he left the room to inform the Duke of the ladies inclination to deviancy. 

Brian placed his hand over hers and gave it a hard squeeze, that she took to mean that she should grip harder. She started to, but there was a knock at the door. Pulling her hand back and ensuring her dress was covering her legs she told the knocker to enter. 

Tony opened the door to advise that dinner was served and the Duke was waiting.

She nodded and stood. Telling Brian to stay in the room with a hand to his shoulder she followed Tony down the hall to enter into a private sitting area with a round table set for dining.

The Duke stood and introduced himself as Stefan by taking her hand and brushing his lips against her fingers. She blushed and curtsied. He was handsome and seemed charming.

Stefan ushered her into a chair close to his, pouring her a glass of wine.

The conversation was nice, it was the first time she had spoken with a man without him considering her title.

They spoke of small things, likes and dislikes but never of titles or of the lands they occupied and called their homes.

When the food arrived she was famished, the wine was making her giddy. Stefan served her a variation of the delicacies the kitchen had provided and she ate with fervour.

After the meal was completed they moved to the sofa where Stefan began to speak.

"You are a very beautiful Lady Alexandrea, how is it that you are not yet married? A woman with your wits and grace should have been wed by now."

She flushed. Or maybe it was the wine. "I am betrothed Lord Stefan, however I have not met the man. My father thought this a good match."

He nodded his understanding. "Well it is because of this you seek entertainment elsewhere then?"

Her confusion was evident.

He moved closer, as she failed to formulate a response and placing a hand behind her head pulled her into a kiss. Initially startled as his tongue probed her mouth she quickly warmed to his touch. When Stefan's hands began to wander over her breasts and to her thighs she considered telling him to stop, but was lost in the sensations and the spreading of warmth between her legs. Every ounce of her skin was tingling as his fingers found their way to her pussy. 

He groaned. She knew she must be wet. His kisses moved to her neck.

And everything shifted. Her body responded as expected. Stefan pulled her into his lap as he undid the lacings on her corset to unleash her breasts, as he kissed her erect nipples his hands made their way back under her skirt. The backs gently brushing her sensitive skin. Something felt different, but amazing, it was hard and smooth, soft and silky pressing into her. She rocked her hips against it. Feeling her pussy clench when it moved further inside.

"Oh my! What are you doing to me?" She gasped as she orgasmed.

"Mmmmn do you like the feeling of my cock inside of you Princess?"

"Your cock?" She shuddered in waves.

"Yes, do you like it?"

Panting, she nodded and pushed down more until Stefan's dick was completely enveloped and her clit was rubbing his hip bone sending her into another more intense orgasm and she screamed out.

"Ugh you're such a good girl, I'm glad you're enjoying my dick. I think we can make this even more enjoyable for you."

He pulled a cord above the sofa and within seconds Tony entered the room. 

"Tony, I think her majesty needs more than just me today."

Smirking Tony came up behind her and undid the rest of her corset and the ties that held the skirt on leaving Alexandrea in only her shift once the heavy outer garments were removed. Like one possessed she continued to ride on Stefan's dick throughout the undressing.

After taking off his pants Tony reached around to cup her breasts and rolled her hard nipples between his thumb and forefinger, his cock jumped to attention and pressed into her back.

"What a nice visitor to have join us." Tony purred low into her ear.

"I knew when I saw you with your manservant you would be interested in moving forward with your education."

But Alexandrea was too lost in lust to listen to his words or to notice they knew exactly who she was.

Stefan slowed her down and slid her off of his cock. "Please no." She groaned in disappointment. 

"I need you to lick me clean, princess." He moved her onto her hands and knees and positioned himself for her to begin. "Tony should be able to fill your tight pussy up for you, you won't be empty for long." She nodded and waited for Tony to position himself and slowly slide inside of her, the first thing she noticed was Tony had a very big dick. It stretched her as he entered and she mewed feeling every inch. He slid out and then back in again with more speed over and over again.

Stefan, waiting long enough, pulled her mouth down to his waiting cock and she licked hungrily. Having never done anything like this before she was surprised at the taste of her own fluids on his thick dick but it made her wetter thinking about having both of these dicks inside her at the same time. She sucked and slurped as Tony pounded into her. Stefan reached for her bouncing tits to squeeze and flick her towards another intense orgasm. She felt it building and stopped sucking Stefan's cock long enough to scream out in stuttered moans as Tony pumped harder, his balls slapping against the wetness spreading down her thighs. He stopped suddenly and left her empty. He was moaning and her ass cheeks were being squirted with warm liquid.

Stefan laughed. "Oh dear, I think you need to clean Tony up too."

They changed positions Tony sliding in front of her to have his cock licked clean. Stefan slid a finger up her cheeks and presented her with lumps of white goo. "You need to lick this up too." He pushed his finger into her mouth. The taste was incredibly salty, but not unpleasant. She looked up at him and playfully licked his finger as he removed it.

"Ah you'll make a glorious queen. Now clean Tony up."

Princess Alexandrea got down to sucking the tavern keepers dick until the only taste in her mouth was her own saliva.

She had decided then and there that this tavern was not going to be shut down and that she would need to visit more often to sample its delights.