 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Author's Note:

This is not my first attempt at writing erotic literature, but it is the first time I've felt proud and confident enough to go through with publishing on Literotica. This first chapter is an introduction to the setting and a sex scene that aligns with most of my kinks, but if reception is good I might continue the story into something more akin to an erotic novel than just smut.

That said, I hope you enjoy.

~ ~ ~

Long ago, in the mystical kingdom of Aphrosia, there lived a just and fair King, and his name was Henry. 

When Henry was a young king, with the crown only just beginning to settle upon his head, he received many visitors. A King is always a popular man, and must befriend all. Merchants, peasants, mages, and scholars all came to him, both to seek and provide advice. By day, he held an audience with any of his subjects who wished their voice heard, and by night he held secret meetings with Kings from far away, discussing how to handle the many forces of evil that clawed at their borders. 

One night, after a long day of sitting upon his tall and uncomfortable throne, King Henry decided he did not wish to hold any secret meetings, and told his servants to send any visitors away. King Henry retired to his chambers and climbed into bed.

That night, when the moon was high and full, King Henry did receive a visitor. They entered through the tall glass window of his bedchamber, with no regard for the three latches, and making no sound despite the creaky hinges. 

At last, King Henry woke as he felt a strange presence at the foot of his large bed. 

He cried out into the darkness. "Stay back, assassin, your trail of dark deeds ends here! I am King Henry, who rode in battle against the Demons of the West Mountains! My physikers can stitch any wound, my alchemists can cure any poison, and my strong arms can crack any skull! I say again, retreat!"

Then he reached to the table beside his bed, where he found his candle and his dagger, and with the only spell he knew he cast the light of candle flame upon the room. 

At the foot of his bed stood a hooded figure, tall and menacing, silent even as the night wind whistled through the open window. 

As King Henry was about to lunge up and rid himself of this threat to his life and crown, the figure spoke. 

"Fear not, King Henry. I am not an assassin."

The figure lowered their hood. To his surprise, it was not a scar-faced and menacing mercenary, but the fairest maiden he had ever seen. Her hair was the pale silver of the moon, except where the candle light hit it, where it shone like a prism in every color. Her eyes were wide and dark as the midnight sky. Her lips, curled like a bow that could bring down a dragon, were lavender and smiling. 

"I am the faerie Queen Mercia, daughter of Queen Venoa, may she rest among the stars."

King Henry lowered his blade, enchanted by the sight of her lovely face, and hypnotized by the softness of her voice. 

"Why have you come here, Queen Mercia? Your people have not spoken to mine in many generations."

Mercia only smiled, and stifled a giggle at that.

"Not so, your majesty. You see, there are no Faerie men, only women. To ensure our survival, we must bed down with humans, though we try to remain hidden when walking among you. We live long lives, and your crusades against our kind are still strong in living memory. You may no longer wish us harm, or even believe that we exist, but we must be ever cautious."

"I see." Said King Henry. "Why have you visited my chambers at this hour then."

"You are no fool, King Henry. It is tradition among my people that the Queen of the Faeries have her daughter with the King of the Men, so our bloodline stays strong. I have come to ask you for aid, in upholding this tradition."

King Henry allowed her into his bed, and they did not sleep until the sky began to brighten. When King Henry woke near noon, exhausted and happy, he found his bed empty. 

For a month, King Henry thought of nothing but Queen Mercia, and often wondered if he had been only dreaming. That night, on another full moon, he again awoke in the dead of night to a presence in the room. He was delighted to find it was Queen Mercia, and again they did not sleep until dawn came streaming through his windows.

So it went for a full year. Every full moon, King Henry would be visited in the night, and think of little else when his mind wandered. Until one night, when her visit came due again.

"King Henry, I am with child,'' she said, rousing him from sleep.

"That is delightful! But I find myself saddened."

"Why is that, King Henry?"

"Every night, I find myself aching for your company, and I eagerly await each full moon. I dread the thought that in a months time, you will not return."

"Every day, King Henry, I long to return to you, but the Fae can only cross between the worlds when the moon is full. I too dread the thought of your absence."

Together they wept, embracing each other, until finally Queen Mercia had an idea.

"King Henry, perhaps we needn't be apart. Until my daughter is born I shall stay here with you, as your wife, and when the time comes we shall raise our daughter together, as heir to your kingdom."

"But Queen Mercia, what of your duties to the Fae?"

"We have long lives, King Henry. A month is long for me because I yearn for you, but to a Faerie the life of a human passes as quickly as a day. I will be lonely and sullen when you pass, but until then we shall enjoy each other's love and company."

And so it was. In nine months time, Mercia gave birth to a beautiful Faerie daughter named Ela. 

They ruled together, raising their daughter to be kind, strong, cunning, and wise. The kingdom prospered as they both knew best for peasant and Lord alike. 

So begins the story of their daughter Ela, and how she discovered the joys of love.

~ ~ ~ 

"I say, Ela, the dressmaker has outdone herself. I'm sure your many suitors will be... twitching... with excitement."

Ela looked in the mirror. The gown was a royal and deep purple, the same color as her eyes. It was tight and clung to her curves like wet silk. She did a turn, twisting her neck too see how the dress gave away just enough of the shape of her ass. Facing the mirror again, she leaned forward, admiring how she could see all the way down her cleavage. Her silvery white hair, draped over her left shoulder, framed her perfect face. From her wide eyes to her cute button nose, to her soft lavender lips, she was the spitting image of her mother, who only looked a year or two older. Behind her, on a soft padded stool sat her best friend and personal assistant, Daea, dressed in a standard maid's garb with black skirt and apron. They were in Ela's dressing room, preparing for her first public appearance since she had come of marrying age. 

Daea was beautiful also, with jet black hair and skin as pale as Ela's, and lips red like summer berries. Together they drove the young men of the palace wild. 

Since they had been young, Ela and Daea had gone everywhere together. Daea was the daughter of a powerful Noble in the north, and was King Henry's ward. Both recently nineteen, they remained inseparable, always plotting a new devious plan to tease the sons of nobility silly, or to convince them that some daring and stupid act would win their favor. It was cruel, they both knew, but what else was there to do?

They were both very much looking forward to the inevitable onslaught of suitors that would soon be chasing after Ela, now that she was old enough to choose a husband. 

"I daresay you're right, Daea. Perhaps we're making things a little... hard... on them."

They both giggled fiendishly at the unsubtle joke. 

Inside the hour, Ela was sitting beside her father at the annual summer feast, looking regal and gorgeous with her hair done up, poking daintily at the food in front of her and carefully sipping at her glass of water. No wine tonight. 

Ela loved her father dearly, but in her opinion he talked too much. For almost a full hour he droned on about a prosperous year, the triumphs of the kingdom, and his hopes for another great year ahead, to an attentive audience of lords, ladies, and her favorite, the young men eagerly eyeing the top of her cleavage, or the elegant lines of her neck and jaw. 

Ela decided she may as well put that time to good use, and made sure to briefly meet the eyes of every young man present, quietly enjoying how some blushed, or smiled slightly, or nervously glanced away as she gave them a cool, seductive smile. She could see Daea following her gaze from the nearest table, taking note of how each one responded. Gathering this critical information was essential.

After drinking, eating, dancing, and making merry into the late hours of the evening, Ela made her excuses, and set off for her chambers with Daea in tow. 

After they were out of earshot of anyone at the party, Daea nudged Ela to get her attention.

"Did you SEE the way that the young man of house Terfield blushed when you met his eye? Or the way he stammered when he asked you to dance?"

Ela giggled. "Of course! He was one of the best ones there tonight. Nervous like a young horse, about to be taken for his first ride. Cute too! He'd be so much fun..."

Daea nodded in agreement. "Not tonight though, I presume?"

"No, not yet. Let's make him wait a little. Who was that boy who looked like he'd had his fortune told, and it was that he'd be the next hero of legend? He asked me to dance but I didn't catch his name."

"Excellent taste, your grace." Daea made a mock curtsey and they both let out another round of giggles. "If memory serves, that was the master of Genderhall Manor, set to inherit most of the eastern farmland and a fortune enough to cover every field in gold. I'm not surprised he thinks so much of himself. From what I've heard, he's quite a star among the lads at the training grounds. Probably thinks himself a valorous knight in the making."

"Perfect," Ela declared. "Let's see if we can give him any new ideas about what he was made for."

Their laughter echoed down the hall as they neared Ela's rooms. 

~ ~ ~ 

"You remember the plan?" 

"Of course, my princess, we've been talking this over for months."

"Alright alright, I'm just excited."

Ela made her way to her personal bathing chamber, while Daea prepared the main room of her suite to entertain their guest. 

Daea had shed her plain dress, now wearing only the scandalously revealing underclothes that consisted of a sort of blouse and shorts. Her hair, trimmed into a shorter style for the summer, hung loose around her shoulders, and she was just finishing up setting their little table. A bottle of fine wine for the guest, and water for herself, though that wasn't noticeable to any but a careful observer, let alone a drunken lord-to-be.

Ela had made quite a show of herself during the feast, and had received messages from every young man present. Daea and her had gone through each one, matching them to a certain night of their schedule, planning out all the fun they'd have. Tonight they would receive the young master Jon, heir to Genderhall Manor and the owner of far too much confidence for his own good. 

Just as Daea was setting down the last glass, she heard his knock at the door. 

~ ~ ~ 

Ela wasn't quite like other girls. When most young women said that, it meant they refused to ride sidesaddle, or had pestered her parents into letting her have sparring lessons, or preferred hunting game over needlework. When Ela said it, it meant she had a cock. 

Not many knew that her mother Mercia was a Faerie, or that Ela was one herself. Even the telltale white hair wasn't enough to give them away, since the human and Faerie world's hadn't had contact in hundreds of years. 

Faeries had no men, only women. Due to this, they had to bed down with humans in order to increase their number. Since their population had been low ever since the human crusades, it was quite fortunate that they could also impregnate human women and collect the baby later in order to produce children more quickly. Ela always found it amusing to hear the old tales of babes born with wispy silver hair, that disappeared as soon as their mothers fell asleep.

Ela stood before the great mirror in her bathroom, having undressed completely. She admired her hourglass figure, her large perky breasts, her thick and soft thighs. She was a beauty unlike any other and she knew it. Except for Daea of course, they considered themselves tied. 

Her most distinguishing feature, however, was her cock. With a maximum size of almost eight inches, and thick enough that she could just barely encircle it with her thumb and middle finger, it was her favorite part of herself. She had a vagina too of course, tucked between her smoothe, tight ball sack and her puckered anus, but she didn't quite enjoy that as much, though it was still quite exquisite and fun to play with. 

She idly stroked her shaft. She and Daea had been working on this plan for months, and it was finally coming to fruition. 

Until now, Daea had been her only sexual playmate. Despite Daea having comfortable rooms of her own, they most often slept in Ela's room together, exploring each other's bodies, experimenting with what felt good. 

This wasn't quite enough for either of them, however. Ela and Daea were both naturally dominant, and they were both excited by the idea of a young man to play with. For that reason, they'd devised a way to get the most out of the few dozen suitors that Ela had attracted with her beauty and position. The plan was fairly simple. Ela would be in the bathroom, washing up, while Daea got the young man horribly drunk, to the point where he almost couldn't stand. Then they'd tie him to the bed, give him a special brew to sober him quickly, and have their way with him. By their reasoning, there was no risk to be had. No one would dare say they had been dominated by the princess and her handmaiden, and no one would believe the slander that the princess had a cock to make most grown men jealous. Ela got rock hard just thinking about it. 

Meanwhile in the sitting room, the plan was progressing flawlessly. The girls had sent a messenger to tell master Jon that his message had been received and that Ela wished him to keep her company that evening. 

Jon had arrived swaggering and confident, sure that he had managed to win the princess over immediately. Daea received him with a warm smile, making no effort to hide her curves on display, and enjoying the way his eyes swept up and down her body as she opened the door. He was already quite drunk from the party, and Daea had no trouble assuring him that Ela was just washing up and would be out in a moment, and that they should have a drink while they waited. 

Having drunk only water herself, Daea had to keep herself from laughing as Jon got increasingly frustrated that he couldn't outdrink her, and in no time at all he was passed out, snoozing with his head in her lap. She delicately removed him, and stood up to fetch Ela, stripping as she made her way to the bathroom.

"He's out cold. Got the potion?" 

"Of course. Gods it took you long enough, it was all I could do not to masturbate in here."

Daea and Ela worked together to undress Jon, which was a more difficult task than they had expected since he wasn't awake to lift an arm or properly get out of his boots. Eventually they managed it, leaving Jon stark naked and still completely unconscious. Ela admired him as they carried him to the bed. He was fit, with large and toned muscles all around, and a cock that while impressive, was nowhere near the size of her own. Using soft leather cuffs, they restrained him to the bed, with his legs in the air and a pillow under his ass to put him in the perfect position for what they had planned. 

The potion was something special that Ela had learned about through her special access to the vast collection of books her parents had. A potion to sober someone instantly. They'd become very tired about an hour or two after taking it, and wake up with a horrible hangover, but until then they'd be clear-headed as if they hadn't drunk a drop. 

Ela put it to Jon's lips and made him swallow. Moments later, his eyes fluttered open.

"Wha- What is this? Untie me!"

Daea put a finger to his lips. "Shh, it's alright, you're perfectly safe."

"Actually Daea, let's gag him. At least for a little while."

"Good idea, hold your hand over his mouth, I'll go get something."

Jon struggled while Daea rummaged around, eventually returning with a length of fabric and another potion bottle.

"Ooh Daea, I know that bottle." Ela looked down at Jon. "Since you're our first, I guess you're in for a real treat, boy."

Daea soaked the middle of the piece of cloth with the fluorescent purple liquid from the bottle, then put it in Jon's mouth and tied it like a gag. 

"That was a special aphrodisiac, Jon, in case you haven't figured out what this is about." Ela smiled, enjoying the way Jon squirmed under her. His eyes were wide with terror... and excitement. 

It only took a moment for the aphrodisiac to kick in. Jon let out a sudden moan through the fabric, his eyes fluttering with the sudden overload of pleasure

, his cock instantly stiffening and letting out a bead of precum. 

"...fuck thats hot," Daea whispered to Ela under her breath, Ela giving a slight nod in agreement. Jon was straining against his bonds, eyes almost rolling back in his head as he struggled to touch his cock and satisfy his maddening craving for stimulation. All he managed was to buck his hips in the air a bit, causing his painfully hard cock to bounce and drop a bead of precum on his belly. 

"Jon," Ela said, stepping forward and placing the tip of her pointer finger on his glans, instantly getting his attention, "I know you probably thought you were coming here to fuck us. Or at least me. But in this room, I make the rules, and I say girls get to do the fucking around here." The confusion was visible on his face.

Ela moved closer, and took her hand away to grab the base of her cock. She lifted it and placed it against his. Even at its stiffest, Jon's cock was shorter by at least two inches, and significantly thinner. 

"Poor boy must be jealous he doesn't have a real cock," Daea teased, moving over to sit on the bed beside Jon. "But don't worry, you'll both be able to enjoy it tonight." Jon tugged again at his restraints, but it was no use. Neither of the girls tried to hide how much they enjoyed seeing him like this. He had been unbearably overconfident and arrogant at the dance, especially after dancing with Ela, but now he was totally helpless, stripped and tied up. 

"I'll start off slow, so that you'll be begging through the gag by the time I decide to really start fucking you," Ela told him, grabbing the bottle of lubricant and putting a few drops on her fingers. Another recipe learned from a wonderful book. This one wasn't as fancy as the cure for drunkenness or the stuff they had put on his gag, but it sure was fun. 

Jon, with every nerve tingling with pleasure from the aphrodisiac, couldn't help the noise of surprise he made when he felt a cold, slippery touch on his asshole. Daea placed a hand on his chest to calm him, but as her palm brushed his nipple it felt like a small lightning strike, causing him to tense with the sudden ecstasy. Taking this as a sign of encouragement, Ela pushed the tip of her finger inside, revelling in the tightness and warmth. A side perk of the sobriety potion they had discovered, it threw the body's metabolism into overdrive and briefly wreaked havoc on the digestive system. Within a minute of taking it, there was almost nothing not absorbed into the intestines. Perfect for what they had planned. 
