 "KAR, SHAYA!" Tash cried out as she dug her nails into Johns back. Her insides felt like they were on fire with every thrust he made. "Kar vhore, John! Kar vhore hal!"

"Damn I love it when you talk dirty to me!" John grunted as he thrust his mouth onto hers, kissing her and feeling her tongue play with his.

She moaned into his mouth, pulling him as close to her as her muscles would allow. She wanted all of him, every single little bit. The feeling of him stretching and rubbing her pussy's nerve clusters, the weight of his body on hers, his tongue in her mouth... Tashaiea couldn't find the proper words to describe it. Well, maybe not the proper English words at least. Not that she could really remember any of them right now anyways. 

Their current intertwined state had pretty much been the standard for nearly every night that week, and the previous week, and the week before that... John and Tash had made it almost a 'tradition'. Every time they stopped somewhere new for the night, they would make love. Tash argued it was so that they would always have at least one good memory of the place they visited. John had just smiled at that notion. It always started the same way too. 

Either once they had found their accommodations for the night they would lay down and be unable to keep their hands off each other or Tash would simply jump John as soon as the door closed. On a couple of occasions they had started getting into it even before they had opened the door to their room, with John fingering her as they would make out. 

On those occasions after a bit John would simply pick up her up, fairly effortlessly she might add, open the door to their room and gently drop her on whatever their bed might be. This had been one of those occasions. She would playfully try to fight off John before he inevitably pinned her in some way and begin to have his way with her. Fuck, she loved those nights. 

Back in the present, Tashaiea could feel the heat building up in her. Waves of pleasure washing throughout her body. John had started to go a little faster now, a sign that he was starting to reach his limit. She had already orgasmed twice, so everything now was just icing on the cake. John's speed increased once more, giving pleasurable grunts and moans as he got closer. 

"Oh, fuck!" John grunted out, releasing his lip-lock with the Kai'ani.

No sooner had Tash hear him then she felt a warmness fill her. Tash let herself melt into the feeling of John cumming inside her. She let her arms fall to her sides as John finish emptying himself, letting out a contented moan. Soon his thrusting slowed to a stop. Slowly he removed himself from her, leaving a tiny line of cum that slowly dripped out of Tash's pussy. 

He made sure to give the Kai'ani another kiss before rolling off of her and onto the other side of the bed. Tash let out another contented sigh subconsciously moved her hand down to feel between her legs. Everything was still sensitive to the touch and she could still feel John's cum leaking out of her. For reasons she couldn't explain she started playing with it, rubbing her pussy with as much as she could.

"Looks like you made a mess in me again." Tash said coyly, turning over to face John.

John looked over at her and grinned. "Sorry, I couldn't help it."

"It's fine," She replied. "I actually like it, it feels good inside me. In fact..." Tash trailed off, getting up and walking over to her duffel bag, shaking her hips as seductively as she could. 

Slowly she bent over, fishing in her bag for a new pair of panties, making sure that she showed herself off to John in the process. She put them on before turning around to face John.

"There," She said. "Now it will stay."

John chuckled. "Oh you crazy girl."

"What?" She replied sheepishly. "It's not like I'll be pregnant. Just let me enjoy you in me for a little while longer."

John could only smile as the Kai'ani walked back over to the bed and laid down with her head on his chest. She could feel John start to stroke her hair, causing her to nuzzle more into his chest. The exhaustion of the day had started to sneak up on her. Before long she could feel herself slowly drifting off to sleep, listening to steady thumping of her lover's heart.

She awoke some hours later. As always John was up before her. He was preforming his morning exercises, a series of leg stretches and workouts that helped prepare them for the day ahead. It was painful for Tash to watch her man struggle to get around without his braces, but he insisted that he had to take some time each day to move around without them. 

Some days were worse than others. However to Tash's relief today did not seem like one of those days. John must have heard her stirring as he stopped what he was doing and greeted her with a warm smile.

"Hey there, good morning. Sleep well?" He asked.

"Mmhmm." Tashaiea replied, rubbing her eyes in an attempt to clear the morning haze.

John walked over and gave her a kiss on the cheek, prompting a contented sigh from his lover.

"I was just going to finish my stretches and then was planning on trying to find some breakfast. Sound good?"

"Okay." Tash said nodding. "Just let me clean up first."

John smiled and gave her another kiss before returning to his morning exercise. Mustering all the willpower she could, Tash slid her way out of bed and started walking towards the room's bathroom. Man she was sore this morning. She had to admit though, this was a kind of sore that she definitely didn't mind. The bathroom, or what was close enough to a bathroom, wasn't very big. 

It housed an organic waste receptacle, a small wash basin with a water faucet and some kind of ultrasonic shower. The ultrasonic showers really weren't her favorite way to get clean, but they did work in a pinch. She removed the only piece of clothing she was wearing, her now cum soaked panties, and stepped into the shower. She selected a cleansing cycle and stood there as the shower hummed to life. 

Through a process she didn't quite understand all the sweat, dirt and grime on her body was slowly blasted away leaving her skin feeling incredibly dry, clean, but dry. The whole cycle only took about five minutes. She guessed there was something to be said about the efficiency of it, if nothing less. She stepped out of the shower and headed back towards the main room, picking up her dirty panties on the way. Huh, she mused, not as much leaked out of her last night as she thought. 

The thought gave her a warm feeling. She liked the idea that she was still full of her man and the thought was... a little arousing. She walked back into the main room and noticed that John had just finished with his exercises. He was now sitting with his back to her, fiddling with his equipment and duffel bag. Tash walked over and put her slender arms around him, causing him to look up at her and give her a kiss.

"All clean?" He asked.

"Mmhmm." She replied, rubbing her still naked body against him.

He smiled. "I was thinking we could get something to eat at that cafe place just down the street. You know, the one with that big tree in the window that we passed the other day?"

"Whatever you want, lover." Tashaiea said, uncoiling herself from John.

They both spent the next few minutes finishing up getting dressed and putting on their daily equipment. John had bought Tash a specially fit cooling suit similar to his along with a respirator. Tash had no issues breathing on most galactic standard planets, but John had insisted on her having one, just in case. 

It was John's determination to be prepared for anything that had lead Tash to learn that he carried much more than just a knife with him. John carried about three knives on him all with different purposes he said, from self-defense to cooking. He also had a hatchet, a small shovel, flashlights, fire starters... and of course his pistol. Tashaiea had never really been around guns, so she wasn't entirely sure about it at first. But she trusted John, and he had said it was only for self-defense. 

That he would rather 'have it and not need it, than need it and not have it'. He had even taken her out to shoot it a few times, to try and get her more comfortable with the idea of having it around. And Tash had to admit, she liked shooting it. It had become a sort of guilty pleasure of her. She was thinking about asking John for one of her own, when she felt she was ready for it of course. 

They both arrived at the cafe without much delay. It seemed like a pretty standard affair. A couple of tables, ordering terminals and the occasional flesh and blood employee. The decor theme appeared to be trees. Tree tables, tree lamps, tree benches... just lots of trees. Tash and John found a table meant for bipedal/upright species and sat down. 

After a couple minutes of looking through the menu, they both decided to just get the daily special, whatever that was. After a few moments their order was ready and waiting on the cafe's kitchen conveyer. Retrieving their meal, the couple sat back down at their table. It was soup of some kind, flanked by little cubes of some kind of fruit. Tashaiea cautiously tasted them. The soup was sweet and the fruit tart, almost sour. 

John discovered by trial and error that if you put the fruit in the soup it turned into this gelatin substance that was surprisingly tasty. They both enjoyed their breakfast all the while chatting about nothing in particular. More just enjoying each others presence than anything else. Tashaiea was happy. She couldn't remember the last time she felt like this. 

After spending nearly two years trapped on Kerpzu'avi, barely just scrapping by, she never thought she could be happy again. But here she was, sitting with the man that had saved her, going on a grand tour of the galaxy. And she couldn't think of anywhere else she would rather be. Maybe it was a little sappy, but she wanted to spend the rest of her life with him. And John had given no indications that he was thinking any differently. 

Tash wasn't sure if she believed in the concept of true love, but if it existed, it had to be close to this. John was more than just a traveler who wanted a companion. He was her man. He watched over her, held her at night, laughed at her poor jokes. And the sex... Sure Tashaiea had technically been a virgin when she met John, but now she couldn't imagine being that close with anyone else. He was hers, and as long as she had any say in the matter, it would stay that way.

"So I've been looking at some places that might be interesting to see next, and I wanted your thoughts." John began.

"Okay." Tash said, switching her focus from her meal to John.

"So there is a planet not far from here called Artasia-Ra, ever heard of it?"

Tash shook her head.

"Alright, well apparently they are having some kind of festival celebrating the anniversary of the founding of their colony. And if I'm reading this translation right there will be, quote, 'food, song, entertainment and enjoyment'." John said grinning. "So, what do you think?"

"Seems like fun." Tash replied, returning a smile to John.

"And hey," He began again. "Looks like it's a Kai'ani colony."

A Kai'ani colony? Tash didn't realize they were that close to her people's space. Now that she thought about it, she didn't even know what sector she was in... or what planet they were on for that matter. John did all the navigating, she just tagged along and took photos. 

"You'll have to show me how your people celebrate, hmm?"

"Of course!" Tash said, she could feel herself getting excited at the idea. 

She hadn't been around another Kai'ani for so long, spending some time among her people sounded almost divine. And at least since she had John, she wouldn't have to worry about proposals from random suitors. Yeah, Tash thought that this sounded like this could very well be a nice change of pace.

"Alright!" John said, trying to meet her excitement. "I'll start looking to see what transports are leaving when. This is going to be fun."

Yeah, Tashaiea thought to herself, this was going to be fun.

The transport took just over a day to reach Artasia-Ra. The accommodations were nothing spectacular. They each had a seat that folded down into a bunk in a cabin which they shared with four other passengers. Had they been alone, Tash knew that she and John would have probably been in various states of undress adding another 'memory' to their collection. However, since they were under the prying eyes of others, Tash decided that sleeping in her lovers embrace would have to suffice. 

She was soon awoken to the gentle prodding of John, letting her know that the transport was on it's final approach and would be landing soon. Little waves of excitement started to bubble up inside Tashaiea. Finally she would be able to spend some time around her kind, it had been far too long. Even though the transport was filled mainly with other Kai'ani, it wasn't the same feeling as stepping out of the transport into the spaceport and being surrounded once again by her people. 

There was a calming familiarity to it all. The curved architecture, the long and flowing clothing and most of all the coolness of the air. Even though Tashaiea had never been on this planet before, she felt right at home. Quickly checking to make sure they had all their belongings, Tash grabbed Johns hand and enthusiastically lead him out of the spaceport and into the city. John could see Tash's eyes light up as she looked around. 

Everywhere they looked they could see decorations and preparations being made for the following days festivities. Vibrant banners and strings of lights were wrapped around trees and lampposts while further down on the ground stall and tents were being erected. Tash was almost starting to vibrate with giddiness. She was so wrapped up in the environment that she almost didn't hear John speak.

"Why don't we head to our room and unpack?" John said. "I think you'll like where I booked us."

With that they headed to the nearest rapid transit station. They got onto a bus like vehicle and headed off in the direction of where John had booked their stay. Tash didn't know exactly where her human had selected for them, for some reason he had decided to keep it a secret from her. Normally Tash didn't like secrets, but as the couple dismounted the transit bus, Tash was glad that he had. 

They were standing in front of a large silver and emerald tower. The architecture and landscaping gave off the impression of wealth, and upon being lead inside by John, the impression was not wrong. The insides were a shine of polished marble flanked by a myriad of greens and blues. In the center of what she assumed was the reception area of the hotel was a massive bronze statue. It was a Chrane, a mythical creature from her peoples ancient history. 

It had the four wings of a bird with the naked body of a female Kai'ani. In mythology they were said to be the Daughters of Kallai, the ancient god of nature, and the creators of the Kai'ani themselves. Whether that was actually true was up to debate, as the Chrane were part of just one of the old time creation stories, many with conflicting events. John had apparently finished checking in and was now just standing there, smiling at her.

"Just wait until you see the room." He said with a grin.

The elevator lift took them up to about the fifteenth floor where upon arriving, John pointed her in the direction of a door at the end of a short hallway. Tash wasn't sure what to expect, and once the door was opened she wasn't sure she could have predicted it even if she tried. The room was massive. Just the main sitting room must have been at least three times the size of her old apartment. 

The walls were covered in ornate decorations, the kind that just screamed wealth to Tashaiea. The massive bay windows looked out to reveal a stunning view of the city and a nearby lake. And in the middle of the room... It couldn't be, Tash thought. A hot mineral water tub?! She couldn't keep her excitement in any longer, dropping Johns hand and letting out a giddy squee. 

"You like it I take it?" John said, trying not to laugh at the little Kai'ani's expressions.

"I love it!" Tash exclaimed, turning to bear hug John.

"I'm glad." John said, returning the hug. "We have it for the whole week, seven days."

"This must have cost a fortune!"

"You'd be surprised." John replied. "Anyways I wanted you to stay in style for the first time back with your people."

Tash responded by thrusting her lips onto Johns, kissing him as passionately as she could. They stayed like that for a few minutes before John pulled away.

"Want to go out and see the city? He asked.

Tashaiea thought about it for a minute before replying.

"Or," She began, a devious smile creeping across her face, "We could try out the mineral tub."

"That's a good idea, too." John said with a grin.

Tash grabbed Johns hand and started pulling him over towards the tub. Once there she let go of his hand and tested the water. It was delightfully warm. She quickly started to remove her clothes, discarding them in a pile next to the tub. Once she was fully nude, she started to lower herself into the tub. The mineral water tingled against her skin. 

She was soon submerged down to her neck, almost melting away in the warm embrace of the water. She almost hadn't noticed John slip in beside her. The tub was obviously designed for the taller Kai'ani, so John took a moment to find a part of the tub where he could sit where the water wouldn't cover his nose and mouth. They both got comfortable and let the water do it's therapeutic work. Tashaiea was in absolute ecstasy. 

She couldn't remember the last time she had been able to take a hot mineral water bath. There was only one thing in her mind that could make this better. As stealthily as she could, Tashaiea started to move towards John, who had his arms outstretched on either side of him along the sides of the tub and his eyes closed. 

He must have felt her coming because as soon as she was standing in front of him, a smile crossed his face. Quickly Tashaiea moved herself to straddle his lap while facing towards him, casually draping her arms over his shoulders. John opened his eyes to find Tash's breasts nearly directly in his face. 

"Hey there." John said, still grinning.

"Hey." Tash replied, her voice taking the low, purring sound it tended to when she had a certain... activity on her mind.

Tashaiea removed her left arm from John's shoulder and let it slide down into the water, and right towards John's crotch. She gently started to stroke his shaft which had already started to get hard the moment she sat down on him. Her strokes produced small contented sighs from John, who closed his eyes again and let his head fall back. 

Once she was satisfied that he was sufficiently hard, she removed her hand and began rubbing her pussy up against it. John responded by starting to play with her breasts. Squeezing one in his hand while suckling on the other. Tashaiea began to moan in pleasure at his touch. The heat of the mineral water was now starting to be eclipsed by the heat in her nethers. Slowly she used her hand to guide John into her, letting his penis part her lips and begin to rub her insides. 

Once she was sure he was in, she let her weight drop, taking John's full length inside her. She began to move herself up and down. The mineral water had started to wash away most of her natural lubricant, making it rougher than normal on her vagina's sensitive inner walls. To alleviate some of this, Tash decided that it would be better to simply grind against him rather than continue the up and down movement. 

She of course got no complaints from John, who was continuing to lick and suckle her breasts. She started to move faster, feeling a mixture of warm mineral water and John's girth stir up her insides. She started to let out more and more moans. The feeling of John inside her and his continued massaging of her breasts was really starting to push her towards the edge. 
