 The hibernation tank lid slid back into the bulkhead with a hiss. Vapor rose from the tank like smoky fog and condensed to form frost around the opening. The figure in the tank stirred, stretched and sat upright.

Jenny Jackson, Captain of the freighter, Prometheus, shivered. After a moment she threw her leg over the edge of the tank and pulled herself out. Jenny wrapped her arms tightly around her shivering, naked body and padded quickly to the shower in the forward head.

The warm water felt good on her cold skin. Finally the shivering stopped. Captain Jackson turned the water off and stepped from the shower. She pulled on a pair of coveralls, boots and baseball cap to cover here shoulder length, blonde hair then went into the galley.

She pressed the selector for warm tomato soup and coffee. Shortly they arrived in cups, which she drank as she moved about the control room. The gauges told her she was near the cargo destination, Boyd's Planet. Jenny remembered that Boyd's Planet was a mining colony badly in need of the basic foodstuffs and medical supplies securely packed away in the Prometheus's massive hold. Some three-hundred-Sixty metric tons as she recalled. 

A couple of things did bother her though. Too much of the medical supplies were for Tendrasol. That seemed like a very strange thing for a mining planet. Tendrasol was used for certain alien parasites. For the life of her, she could not see what kind of parasites there could be on an airless, cold rock like Boyd's Planet.

From the command console, Captain Jackson ordered the computer to awaken the other members of the crew. She leaned forward to look through the hatch into the crew quarters and smiled when she saw the other four hibernation tanks had started cycling to wake mode. The steady red lights on the individual consoles were now blinking and had been joined with a steady yellow.

As she taped keys at the command console, she queried the computer on exact position, obstacles and distance to the planet. "Hmmm...," she thought," nearly a full day yet." The planet hung on the view screen as a rust brown globe in the black sky. "Not so different from a thousand other shitty colony planets," she thought as she scanned the auto pilot log and found nothing of interest.

Jenny heard a hiss coming from the crew quarters followed by several more. "Ah, the crew is waking up." One by one, the crewmembers crawled naked out of their hibernation tanks and to the warmth of the showers. The first was the Engineer, Richard Small, known affectionately by the crew as "Dick". Next was Samantha "Sam" Young the Communications Officer. Then Charlie "Chuck" Robinson the Navigator crawled out of his tank. Finally, Jane "JB" "O'Brian the first officer emerged.

"Meeting in the crew lounge in 20 minutes," Jenny announced over the ships PA system. Then back at the command console, she began plotting the ships landing trajectory. She needed to kill a lot of speed to swing around the planet without burning up her remaining fuel. She wondered if there was a fuel supply on the planet. The documentation on Boyd's Planet was pretty sketchy. There was no mention of fuel so she needed to conserve what fuel she had for lift off. That meant a single controlled burn to kill speed and let the "Prometheus" swing around the planet and reduce the ships kinetic energy by shooting past the planet, allowing the planet's gravity to slow the ship on the fly-by. This was a tricky maneuver but not one she had not done before. 

After some minutes work on her computer tablet, Captain Jackson spoke to the computer, "Computer. V equals 2,370K. S equals 5.943. Y equals 6,339.52. Compute burn start and duration for TVA at Boyd's Planet."

Immediately, the computer responded in a mechanical voice, "Time start 3209.2315.53.93515. Duration 239.24 seconds."

"Computer. Compute fuel usage for this burn."

"Fuel usage 358,500 DBS. Leaving 926,940 DBS.

"Computer. Compute lift off fuel requirements from Boyd's Planet."

"Fuel usage 793,866 DBS."

"Shit," thought Jenny. "That leaves less than 20% to get home and decelerate again."

As Captain Jackson went back to her computer tablet and worked in search of a more optimal place for the deceleration burn. Presently, the Navigator, Chuck Robinson, walked into the command center.

"How do the numbers look, Captain?"

"Not good, Chuck. We were overloaded on mass and burned too much fuel getting here. It would have been better taking the slow burn. But someone wanted this cargo fast." 

Robinson looked over the calculations. "It seems close to optimal, Captain."

"That's what I think too," Jenny said with pursed lips. "Not much we can do but hope we hit it good getting off the planet and save some fuel."

**********************************

Captain Jackson stepped off the extended loading ramp and said to the mine officer, "I'm Jackson. How long before we're unloaded and ready to leave?"

The officer stuck out his hand. "I'm Brian Stevens. We're glad you're here. We really need this stuff." Stevens thought a second then said, "Give us about three hours. And I hear you're low on fuel."

"Yes. We left Delta Station in a hurry. They didn't give us time to take on a full load of fuel. And we burned most of our load getting here. Can you help?"

"I can give you 100,000 DBS if that will help. That's all we can spare."

"Yes. Thank you. That will bring us up to more than 30%. We were looking pretty shaky on the back end of this trip."

"We'll take care of everything, Captain. Why don't you and the crew go to the lounge? I'll send a messenger when we finish unloading." As Jenny turned, Stevens caught her elbow. "And, um, Captain, don't let your crew wander around. There are... um dangers."

Jackson looked at Stevens wonderingly then turned and led her crew away from the ship.

The Captain and crew crossed the warehouse and down a stairway to the lounge. "Captain, I need to find a head," said Sam Young as she waved and headed down a side corridor. "I'll see you in a few," she called over her shoulder.

The Captain, First Officer and Navigator took seats around a table. Dick Small brought cups of coffee and sat also.

"Ok. Let's figure out how we get off this rock. Chuck, you have an extra 100K of DMS. Where does that leave us for deceleration at Delta?"

Chuck Robinson tapped keys on his tablet computer. "It looks like we will have about 19% fuel after lift off. We'll be dry, but we can drain enough velocity then get a tug to pull us into Delta Station."

"Engineering and Nav, we have a couple hours. Give me the optimum lift off time. I don't want to waste fuel in orbit. Let's figure a single spiral around the planet and burn for home.

The two officers tapped keys and spoke softly among themselves. JB O'Brian returned from the head and took her seat at the table.

Jenny looked at JB. "Are you alright? You look a little flushed."

"Uh. Yeah. I'm fine. Couldn't be better, Captain."

"Captain. Looking at the fuel we have the planetary rotation and station drift for Delta, it looks like just over 4 hours. We can give you a better time with the main computer back on the ship."

Jenny nodded, "That's close enough for now. Everyone, do what you want. Wander around the lounge if you want. But stay here. It's dangerous and no air outside the staging area. OK?"

******************************

Prometheus main computer shut down the acceleration burn exactly on time. The crew went about their duties as usual.

"Engineering. What's our fuel status?"

"Right on 19%, Captain. It'll be tight but we'll be fine."

"Nav. How's our course?"

"Within 1% of optimum, Captain."

"Ok, everyone. My board is green. I'm going to the galley."

Captain Jackson stepped into the galley, poured a cup of coffee and dialed a roast beef sandwich. She took a seat at the table just as Chuck Robinson and JB O'Brian entered, got coffee and seated around the table on either side of Jenny.

"A long four months back to Delta Station, Captain," Chuck said.

"Yeah. Four very long months," intoned JB.

"Yes. But most of it in hibernation. We won't see it."

"We have plenty of food and water. We don't have to hibernate, Jenny," JB said placing her hand on Jenny's knee.

"No. We don't," agreed Chuck. "We've spent some time for ourselves before on returns."

Jenny sighed. "Yes. We have." Then with a wry smile she asked, "And what did you have in mind?"

JB leaned over and kissed Jenny's lips while Chuck stood, moved behind her, bent and kissed her neck. Together the three rose and walked into the Captain's cabin. JB unzipped Jenny's coveralls and nibbled her nipples as Jenny wriggled her clothes over her shoulders to lie in a heap around her ankles. Chuck and JB lead Jenny to her bed and pushed her down to lie on her back. JB took one nipple in his mouth while Chuck spread Jenny's legs and began licking Jenny's outer lips.

JB kissed Jenny on the lips as Chuck sunk two fingers into her pussy. Jenny moaned deeply and thrust her hips forward to meet Chuck's fingers. Jenny's hands when to JB's firm, round breasts just as Chuck entered her. His cock thrust deep inside and Jenny screamed as her body shifted into automatic and met his thrusts.

Soon Chuck was bathed in sweat. But his stroke never slowed until he finally withdrew. Lying on his back panting Jenny mounted him squatting on his cock. JB straddled Chuck's face and the two women embraced and kissed; their hands held, touched and stroked each other's bodies. Jenny stiffened at the burning heat began to move upwards from her pussy. Then she screamed as her muscles contracted around Chuck's cock in an orgasmic spasm. She clung to the other woman and dug her fingernails into JB's back until her orgasm had passed. Jenny pulled herself off the cock and rolled away panting.

JB moved down and impaled herself on Chuck's cock and rode him next. Recovered somewhat, Jenny took JB's place on Chuck's face and the three of them continued on for hours.

Meanwhile in the Crew Quarters Sam Young rode Dick Small. Dick mumbled, "I'm cumming. I'm cummingggggg!" Sam moved off him and withdrew the cock. Taking it in her mouth she sucked it furiously. Dick's sperm welled in Sam's mouth but she continued to suck even harder. 

"God. Stop, Sam. That's starting to hurt," he said. But Sam continued on.

"Oh, shit! Awwwwkkkkkkkkk," Dick screamed as Sam's mouth filled with blood. She continued to suck even harder. Dick squirmed and tried to push Sam away, but her mouth held firmly to his bleeding cock...

Dick's entire blood supply was sucked through his cock. In the end there was nothing left but a dead empty shell. "Hmm. So much information. This ship will be easy for us to direct anywhere," she thought. When Dick was converted she would know the workings of the ship, how the propulsion system, life support and hibernation worked she was satisfied. With Chuck she would know how to program the ship's main computer for course and speed. As first officer, no one would question her movements about the ship. JB allowed herself a satisfied smile.

Sam got up and stood next to the bed and stared down at Dick Small's corpse. She smiled again and reached out a hand toward him. As the hand neared Dick's body the hand began to change. A long claw grew from her hand that plunged into Dick's abdomen. A loud hiss escaped from Sam's mouth, then the hook withdrew and the hand changed back to a normal looking hand.

Dick's body stirred. The wound on his abdomen closed and healed instantly. Dick opened his eyes and sat up. 

"Yes. I like this body, sister," Dick said with a hiss. "And there are three more." The two held hands and smiled. 

**********************************

Dick and JB walked into the crew lounge and found Jenny drinking coffee and studying a package of messages. "What's up, Captain," JB asked.

"Delta has another load for us when we get back. Looks like a milk run to the inner rings," Jenny said thoughtfully. "Ten days out and ten more back. Then we go in for refit at Star Base 6. That means paid time off for everyone."

"Star Base 6," Chuck said as he smiled at JB. "That's a break."

"Yes. It is," Jenny responded absently. "Don't you two have someplace to go? I'm busy here."

"Aye, Captain," both JB and Chuck chimed in together as they gave a comical military salute. Then they turned on their heels and left the crew lounge.

In the command center JB turned to Chuck. "Wait for me in the Crew Quarters. I'm going to take care of Sam." JB continued on to the Communication center while Chuck turned to the Crew Quarters.

"Sam, what are you doing working?" asked JB sweetly.

Sam was on her knees with her upper body in an open access panel. "Looking for a fault in the LRT Scanner, JB. What are you doing?"

"Just talking to you. Looking at you. Thinking."

"Oh? Thinking what, JB?"

"Things. Just things."

Sam stood and faced JB. Her hand brushed her bangs away from her eyes. "What did you have in mind, JB?" she said as she smiled sweetly.

JB took Sam in her arms and kissed her mouth. Their tongues explored each other's mouths. Sam's hand moved quickly to JB's breasts and crushed them. JB's mouth covered Sam's and she began to suck. After a moment, Sam's eye got wide and she began to struggle. Blood dripped from the corner of JB's mouth as Sam went limp and slumped lifelessly to the deck.

The claw/hand extended toward the corpse slashing easily into the abdomen then withdrew. Sam's corpse stirred and sat up. "Good job, sister."

Together, the two women left the Communications Center and entered the Crew Quarters. They found Chuck standing over the body of Dick Small. 

"What happened?" asked JB.

"He came on to me and I had to kill him. But I don't have the hook like you do. I couldn't convert him. Now he's dead and it's too late to inject him with our sister parasites," Chuck said with dismay.

"No matter. We will convert the Captain. Then we'll have the ship to ourselves. We can shove the body out the air lock and claim he was doing maintenance and died or something," JB said thoughtfully.

***************************

The ship was darkened for a sleep period when the three left the Crew Quarters headed for the Captain's Cabin. JB knocked on the door. 

"Come in," they heard the Captain's voice. The three entered the Captain's cabin and stood before Jenny.

Jenny Jackson looked up from her desk. "What can I do for you? I'm busy."

"Captain, we have something for you," announced JB.

Jenny set her computer plate down on her desk and sat back in her chair. "Well?"

Chuck Robinson went around Jenny's desk and took her arms. 

While Jenny watched, JB reached out her arm. As it came near the hand metamorphosed into a claw. Jenny didn't move.

"And you think this impresses me?" Jenny asked dryly.

"Oh yes. It will in a moment," said JB, smiling.

There was a quick movement. Nobody really saw what happened. At one instant Chuck stood at Jenny's sides holding her pinioned to her chair. The next moment he flew through the air, struck the bulkhead and fell to the floor.

JB took a step back. "Good idea," Jenny said with a grin. She stood and leaned over the desk. Don't mess with me. Do you hear?"

JB and Sam both charged Jenny, claws bared.

Jenny raised her hand and changed. In her place stood a seven foot... thing. Jenny had become a huge, hulking, brown, almost ape-like form with two legs and four arms. At the end of each arm was, not hands, but six inch claws. Jenny let out a blood curdling growl.

The two officers turned and ran for the door. Jenny sprang over her desk and with a single swipe of one hand took off both their heads. Their bodies crumpled to the floor. Blood spurted from their necks. Spasms of death wracked the two bodies for a moment, then they were still.

Jenny turned to see Chuck had begun to move. With a second swipe of her arm the man was disemboweled. He died slowly clutching his intestines. Jenny calmly walked back to her desk.

As she changed back into Captain Jenny Jackson, she smoothed her blond hare and took her seat behind her desk. With a shake of her head she muttered, "Inferior alien species". Then chuckling she resumed work.