 Lance and Dana both awoke at the same time.

They saw the laboratory for the first time. They were strapped down spread-eagle on separate tables, six feet apart but within view of each other.

"It is time," said Prometheus. "Athena."

Athena produced a syringe full of green fluid. She flicked it twice to eliminate air bubbles.

She then walked over to Dana. She plunged it into Dana's abdomen between her hips. Dana screamed.

Athena pushed the plunger, injecting the fluid into Dana's body. Dana screamed again.

Athena pulled out the syringe, then walked to the end of the table. She caressed Dana's face, then kissed her deeply for a full minute.

When Athena broke off the kiss, Dana was breathing hard. Athena smiled, then walked over and started caressing Dana's breasts.

"Are you enjoying this, Dr. Manville?" asked Athena innocently, her hand going to between Dana's legs.

Lance's erection showed that he was.

Athena got onto the table, her knees on either side of Dana's head. She lowered her head between Dana's legs. She began licking at the spot that she knew would drive Dana to climax.

In less than 30 seconds, Dana orgasmed, crying out.

Athena then came over to Lance and kissed him deeply so that he could taste what she had done to Dana. Her hand grasped his penis.

Athena then went down to Lance's groin. She put his penis in her mouth, and licked and sucked on it while she caressed his testicles.

Lance felt the familiar pressure in his testicles and the head of his penis. He felt Athena's mouth tighten around him, and he lost control and climaxed in her mouth.

Athena went over to Dana, still out of breath from her orgasm, and kissed her hard on the mouth.

"They are ready," said Athena.

"Well done," said Prometheus.

Athena walked to Prometheus and opened his lab coat. He was naked underneath. His erection pointed straight out.

Prometheus walked over to Lance. He picked up Lance's genitals, wet and sticky from Athena.

"I can see why Athena and your colleague enjoyed you," he said. "Although I think you'll find mine ... more interesting."

Prometheus unlocked Lance's ankles. He picked up Lance's legs, spreading them open. Lance's penis pointed to the ceiling.

Before everyone's eyes, Prometheus grew another two feet to become eight feet tall. His skin changed color to black. An additional pair of arms grew out of his sides to grab Lance's hips to hold them in place. Prometheus's hands had changed to claws that appeared powerful enough to snap off Lance's feet.

Prometheus's penis and testicles both grew until its tip reached between Lance's legs. His eyes glowed an other-worldly shade of green. 

Prometheus opened his mouth, and a tentacle came out of it, shooting forward. The monstrous penis penetrated Lance's anus, and Lance howled. When his mouth opened, the tentacle shot into his mouth. Another tentacle branched out from the first, fangs at its end. The fangs sank into Lance's testicles. Lance's second howl of pain was muffled by the tentacle in his mouth.

Prometheus, or whatever he had become, began thrusting inside Lance, making Lance's genitals bounce. Lance's wrists were ripped from the straps as his body was propelled upward. The friction and the sensation caused Lance's penis to harden and point at Lance's face. Lance's heart was racing as Prometheus pulled Lance's body toward him, his legs up in the air, the two connected in an other-worldly sexual act.

Suddenly, Prometheus's eyes changed from fluorescent green to fiery red. Lance suddenly felt his bowels fill with some kind of hot liquid, just before the tentacle in his mouth began spewing out icy fluid down the back of his throat. The tentacle prevented him from coughing and spitting, only allowing him to swallow.

Lance felt the ice from his throat travel downward. He also felt the fire from between his buttocks move forward, slower. Then he felt a white-hot sensation between his legs.

The tentacle pulled out of Lance's mouth, and Prometheus' penis pulled out of Lance's ass. Prometheus' appearance gradually reverted back to his previous self, with the tentacle retracting into his mouth and his penis returning to his previous size. A drip the same green as his eyes had been dripped off the end of his penis.

Lance got up from the table, swaying from dizziness. His heart was beating more than twice its normal pace. His penis was now a foot long and two inches wide, and his testicles were the size of baseballs. Lance's eyes were now the same unnatural shade of green that Prometheus's eyes had been when he had transformed.

His mind was focused on one, and only one, thing: Dana.

Lance walked over to the table Dana was on, as if directed by his penis. Dana screamed again when she saw his eyes. Athena watched, standing next to Dana, transfixed.

Lance ripped Dana's ankles out of the restraints and pushed her legs wide, her feet in the air. Dana struggled, but Lance's strength held her in place, splayed wide open. He pulled her body down the table until her hips were even with the end.

Lance plunged inside Dana. Dana howled in pain, her vagina stretched to unprecedented width by Lance's unnaturally swollen penis.

Lance began thrusting inside Dana, his penis becoming increasingly wet. Dana's body was responding to Lance's body, whether or not Lance was inside her or something possessing Lance was. Without consciously knowing it, Lance's body was being turned on by imperceptible hormonal signals from Dana's body.

The logical part of Dana's mind told her she shouldn't be aroused from being raped. And then she screamed as she came, her vagina tightening around Lance's huge penis.

Lance's eyes turned red. Lance yelled, and Dana could feel him ejaculating inside her. And that made her climax again.

Lance pulled out of Dana, staggered backward, and then slumped to the floor, unconscious. The end of his penis was covered in the same fluorescent green of his eyes.

Prometheus, recovered from his rape of Lance, walked over to Dana. "And now, we see if we are successful," he told Athena.

Dana had no idea what Prometheus had meant. And then she felt a rumbling in her stomach.

Before her eyes, her abdomen began growing. She felt cramps coming from her womb. And then she realized what had happened.

Dana began breathing harder as her abdomen grew larger. It distended far larger than a pregnant woman's womb would have before birth. Parts of her abdomen rose and fell.

Dana screamed in agony, her head back.

Prometheus pushed down on the top of Dana's stomach.

Dana screamed again. And then from between her legs came a vibrating tentacle, followed by another. A black oval shape, covered in bright green slime, came next, followed by a larger oval shape, connected, combined about two feet long and one foot diameter.

As the thing slid out of Dana's body, it rubbed her clitoris. In the midst of her pain, Dana's hips thrusted forward. As it exited her body, it produced another climax for Dana

Prometheus caught the thing before it hit the floor. Dana's eyes rolled back in her head and she lost consciousness, her legs covered in green slime.

Prometheus brought the thing to a table and placed it on the table.

Within a few seconds, the thing on the table had doubled in size. It had gained four flipper-like arms and two flipper-like legs. Two fluorescent eyes and a mouth had formed.

In the next few seconds, the thing on the table had grown another foot to adult woman size. Her arms and legs had gained form closer to a human arm. The tentacles had disappeared.

"Aithousa," said Prometheus. "My child."

The reproduction was a success. Aithousa's "parents," Lance and Dana, were unconscious, Lance on the floor, Dana on the table.