 Lance opened his eyes. He didn't recognize the room he saw as his vision cleared.

He looked down and saw he was naked. That fact didn't startle him. The size and stiffness of his erection did startle him.

Lance had awakened with erections before, usually because he had to urinate. This was more like having your girlfriend give you a blow job just before you blew your load.

Lance sat up and looked around the room. It had two doors on either end of one wall, but no windows. The bed he was laying on was the only item in the room.

Some kind of ventilation system seemed to be running, given the fact that the air in the room seemed fresh. Despite his lack of clothing, the temperature of the room felt, to quote Goldilocks, not too hot or too cold — just right.

Lance stood up. Not only did he have an erection, but his testicles felt bigger and heavier. Or at least they seemed that way, although he wasn't used to sitting around naked determining how his genitals felt. He had spent even less time examining his chest, but his nipples looked hard. Indeed, his skin felt flushed, as though he had been in a gym.

Lance went to the door in one corner. It was locked. He then went to the door on the other side of the wall. It opened into a small room that had a large can-shaped container on the floor, a bowl-shaped container on one side next to it with a tube coming out of the wall, and a square platform with another tube coming out of the wall on the opposite side. When he walked into the room, the ceiling became brighter.

A bathroom? It didn't look like any bathroom he'd ever seen, but that could be a toilet, and a sink, and a shower, he supposed.

Lance looked down on the floor, but his penis — bigger, redder and stiffer than he'd ever seen it before — blocked his view.

What should I do about this? he wondered. The last thing captives usually think about is getting their rocks off, he thought. He also wondered what the consequences of masturbating to orgasm might be from whoever was holding him captive.

Lance didn't know it, but not far from him Dana had awakened in an identical room.

She had a similar physical reaction after she noticed her own nudity. The first thing she felt upon standing is that her breasts felt heavier and larger. She had never seen her nipples as large or as hard as they were. Her skin seemed hot and felt moist.

She turned her head and felt her hair. She had pulled it back that morning. (This morning? What day is this? she thought.) Her hair was now down on her shoulders. 

Between her legs she felt different too. Slowly, she touched herself between her legs. Tentatively, she probed inside her vagina. It was wet. When she brushed past her clitoris, she felt a sensual jolt that almost buckled her knees.

She sat back onto the bed. What was this? She tried to be clinical and remember how her sexual organs were supposed to feel. She felt different — everything felt more sensitive and achy — when she had her period every month, but that's not how this felt, she thought to herself. Sensitive, yes, but no pain or ache.

How she felt wasn't the only mystery. She tried to recall the last thing that she could remember. She remembered the plane going down after flying over an island that suddenly appeared in front of them.

But that wasn't the last thing she remembered, she realized. She had a vague memory of being prodded and poked ... and of its feeling good, almost sexual.

Not almost sexual, she realized. That was how it felt ... as though someone was playing with her body to sexually arouse her.

Well, if that's what happened, it worked to perfection, she thought. Her right hand went down to her groin. She touched herself again, just once, to see if she got a repeat of the lightning bolt she got the first time. She did.

Suddenly, her door opened. The woman who came through the door was wearing something that looked like a kimono that stopped short of her knees. Her body was almost outrageously curvy, from wide hips to narrow waist to breasts larger than hers. Her hair was dark and went halfway down her back.

"Welcome," said the woman, who had a voice that could almost be described as musical. "Please follow me."

"Where are we going?"

"To dinner."

"But ... I'm not dressed."

"Yes, you are."

Athena then went into the room across the hallway from Dana. Moments later Lance emerged, as naked as Dana and, based on the more visual evidence between his legs, every bit as aroused as Dana.

Dana looked at Lance's groin, then looked into his eyes, embarrassed. She caught Lance ogling her body. She thought to be offended, then decided against it since she was doing the same thing.

Athena took one of Dana's hands and one of Lance's. The three walked down the hallway to a large room with what looked like a dining table.

"Welcome to my island," said the other man. "I am Socrates Prometheus. You have already met Athena. Dr. Lindstrom, Dr. Manville."

Prometheus waved them to two chairs on the same side of the table.

"I find it interesting that when people are abducted they don't more often have their clothing removed from them," said Prometheus. "Your conventions about clothing and nudity being what they are, one would think removing clothing would make an escape attempt less likely. Of course, you have nowhere to which to escape. Nevertheless, you were born in this skin of yours, so that should be adequate for you, particularly here."

Out of the corner of his eye Lance had full view of Dana's breasts rising and falling as she breathed, along with her pubic hair, which didn't help reduce his erection at all. Out of the corner of her eye Dana had full view of Lance's erection. She had to resist the urge to reach out and touch it, to see what would happen.

Prometheus and Athena brought out plates for each of them. Their two captors sat on opposite ends of the table. Prometheus was dressed in a floor-length robe, like Athena's only all the way to his feet. Both were barefoot.

The meal was mahi-mahi and shrimp, with sweet potatoes, okra, avocados, and a fruit salad featuring bananas, breadfruit, mango, papaya and pineapple. A fruit punch accompanied dinner.

Lance hadn't eaten since breakfast, so he would have eaten a mahi mahi live from the ocean.

Dana thought she tasted ginger and nutmeg seasoning the food.

"This is incredible," said Lance.

"It's delicious," said Dana.

"All grown on this island," said Prometheus. "Except for the seafood, of course."

After eating a chunk of pineapple, Lance said, "I have to ask ..."

"I am sure you have a thousand questions," said Prometheus. 

"Beginning with this island."

"Of course. I am aware your Air Force has been looking for this island without success. Let us just say I have a desire for privacy."

"Socrates Prometheus?" Dana asked. "Are you Greek?"

Prometheus laughed. "I have studied your ancient Greeks. They had an admirable society, though somewhat naïve."

"So who are you?"

"I am ... a traveler. A colonist, if you will. I have come here to establish a colony."

"A colony of ...?"

"I will tell you when you are ready to know."

"If you know something about the Greeks, you must know about the Sphinx," said Lance.

That elicited a hearty laugh. "Very good, Doctor. Not only are you an expert in aviation, you appear to be well read as well."

Prometheus leaned back in his chair. "I have been observing your society for quite some time. You have societies that are quite different from each other."

"If you've been observing us, you know that humans exercise free will," said Dana.

"That's what makes human beings human beings," said Lance. He wondered if Prometheus had had a listening device back at Homestead.

"What would you call your Second World War? 'Free will'?"

"Our country was attacked by Japan at Pearl Harbor," said Lance. "America's allies were being attacked by Germany. War is a bad thing, but it is not the worst thing."

"Dr. Lindstrom, do you believe mankind is perfectible? Or improvable?"

As Dana's breasts rose as she began to speak, Lance thought she may not be perfect, but he wasn't interested in changing a thing about her.

"That depends on what you mean by 'improve,'" Dana said. "Physically? Certainly. We have vaccinations to prevent diseases. We have treatments to cure diseases. We know how to eat better to improve our health."

"Are you one of those healing your fellow man?"

"In a manner of speaking. I am trained as a physician, but my work is in research. That is one of the ways we improve health."

"What about improving human nature?"

Dana thought this was turning into a philosophy debate from freshman year in college. She also found concentrating difficult because of the itch between her legs. 

"I don't know," she finally said. "As long as we have free will, some people will make wrong decisions. Some believe people do certain things — commit crimes — because of their environment. How they were raised. Others believe that some people are just ... evil, or at least some people will do wrong things."

"Dr. Manville, what do you think? You create machines of war, after all. You now have weapons that could destroy your world."

Lance was not used to philosophy debates while sitting naked with a huge erection during a dinner. He watched Dana squirming on her seat and thought that he would be happy to help Dana relieve whatever was making her squirm.

"Weapons that we have no intention of using unless our enemy uses them first," he said.

"If you use those weapons, your world is destroyed, regardless of who uses them first."

"That could happen, yes. My country's belief is the presence of these weapons — our ability to destroy the enemy — prevents our enemy from using weapons that could destroy us. If our enemy attacks us, we may be destroyed, but so will they. Assuming they are rational, and they realize we can destroy them as they can destroy us, that prevents war."

"Do you realize how illogical that sounds?"

"No one ever said humans were logical."

Prometheus laughed. "It is a shame that humans are so, as you put it, illogical. Perhaps we should find a way to improve the thought process of the species.

"But that is a subject for another day. I would be delighted to give you a tour of our facilities here ... tomorrow. Athena, I think our guests need some rest."

Athena got up to lead Lance and Dana back to her rooms.

Prometheus gave Athena a look. Athena smiled.

Athena led the two to their rooms across from each other, Lance first.

Dana walked into her room. The door closed behind Athena.

Dana walked back to the door and tried to open it. It was immovable. There was no door knob or handle of any sort on the door. How did Athena open and close it? Dana wondered.

Well, it was worth a try, she thought. She felt full and sleepy. And still uncomfortably aroused.

She lay on her back on the bed. No sheets or blankets or pillows were on the bed. And yet because of the room temperature, she didn't feel cold; in fact, she felt warm. She opened her legs slightly hoping she might cool off.

She was nearly asleep when the door to her room opened.

Through the darkness she saw someone closing the door. It was Athena.

Dana sat up in the bed, but before she could say anything Athena put her finger to Dana's lips as if to stop her from speaking. 

And then Athena kissed Dana. Dana stiffened at the unexpected, seemingly unnatural, act. And then suddenly her resistance disappeared as Athena kissed Dana more deeply.

Athena continued kissing Dana as she slowly but firmly pushed Dana to lay down on the bed. As she lay back on the bed, Dana realized Athena was as nude as she was.

Athena broke off the kiss to lick and suck on Dana's throat. Dana's heartbeat sped up and her breathing increased. Athena caressed her belly, sides, back and hips while kissing her.

Athena's lips traveled lower, down Dana's chest until she reached Dana's cleavage. Athena licked between Dana's breasts, then sucked on Dana's nipples, first one, then the other. Dana gasped when Athena's lips touched her nipples.

Athena continued fondling Dana's breasts while her mouth traveled downward. She rolled her tongue around Dana's navel, causing Dana to arch her body toward Athena.

Athena returned her lips to Dana's. Their tongues caressed each other's. With one hand, Athena caressed Dana's left breast; with her other hand, she reached between Dana's legs and traced around Dana's vaginal lips.

Athena could feel Dana's increased breathing through her mouth. She felt the sharp intake of breath when she reached inside Dana to touch her clitoris. She started stroking Dana's clitoris slowly and gently, first along its length, then circling it.

With a flick of Dana's clitoris, Athena caused Dana to orgasm for the first time in her life by someone other than herself. She covered Dana's mouth with hers as Dana gave a long, drawn-out cry.

Athena waited until Dana's breathing slowed to near normal. She then moved down to Dana's legs and opened them. She took Dana's hips in her hands and moved her head between her legs. She nibbled around Dana's genitals before licking her vaginal lips.

Athena pushed her tongue inside Dana and started licking her clitoris. Dana's hips bucked when Athena's tongue touched her sweet spot. It took only 30 seconds of licking before Dana came for the second time, her head tilted back, her back arched.

Athena kissed Dana deeply again, her lips and chin soaked from Dana's orgasms. Athena then ran her tongue from her lips down Dana's chin and throat, between her breasts and down her stomach all the way back to her vagina to resume making Dana come again. She picked up Dana's legs and put them around her shoulders to allow her tongue to penetrate more deeply. Athena's fingers played with Dana's backside and in between while her tongue worked toward Dana's third orgasm.

Athena pushed two of her fingers inside Dana while licking her clitoris. Dana came again, now drenching Athena's hand in her sexual juices.

In the dim light, Athena looked at Dana, her blonde hair sprayed around her head, her legs open, her chest heaving, her nipples as hard as pebbles. Athena had given Dana a sexual experience unlike any she had ever had in her life.

Athena took her by the hand and pulled her off the bed to stand in front of her. Their bodies touched as they kissed, their nipples touching each other. 

Athena led her by the hand out of the room. Dana followed, her mind too inundated with pheromones to resist. Athena stopped in front of Lance's room, and again put her finger on Dana's lips to quiet her, before kissing her again.

Athena opened the door to Lance's room. She led Dana inside.

Lance was asleep, but woke up to find Athena and Dana, both as nude as he was, standing in front of him.

Athena gave Lance an open-mouth kiss, and then gently pulled Dana down to Lance's face. Dana kissed Lance, who put his arms around her as their kiss deepened.

Athena caressed Dana's back and ass. She arranged Dana's legs so they were outside of Lance's. With one hand she toyed with Lance's genitals, which were growing harder; with the other she ran a finger around Dana's vagina to make her wet again and make sure she was ready for her deflowering.

Athena went down on Lance's penis, licking its head while caressing his testicles. She tasted his pre-ejaculate and stopped. Lance was for Dana, not for her.

Athena grabbed Lance's penis and put it at the entrance to Dana's vagina. Lance grabbed Dana by the hips as Athena pushed Dana down onto Lance's erection.

Lance's penis broke through Dana's hymen, and she cried out in pain. Athena cut off Dana's cry by kissing her again as Dana's virginal blood trickled onto Lance's penis.

Lance thrusted upward. Dana rode him, her head lolling back, her breasts bouncing with every thrust, her body tightening around Lance, the pain of her deflowering quickly forgotten. Neither could see the other well, but they could feel what was going on between their legs perfectly. Dana's body, already wet from her three orgasms at the hands and mouth of Athena, drove Lance toward his own release.

Suddenly, Lance stiffened, arched and cried out, his semen flowing into Dana. His last thrust pushed Dana over the edge once again.

Dana arched from her own orgasm, and she lowered her body onto Lance's.

Athena waited for a few moments, and then pushed Dana onto her back. He took Lance by the hand and guided him on top of Dana. She took Lance into her mouth, tasting his semen and Dana's vaginal juices and virginal blood mixed together. She tongued his testicles to get him hard again.

Within a minute, she pushed Lance's penis back into Dana's vagina. While they were kissing each other again, she pulled Dana's legs open farther so that Lance would penetrate deeper. Athena pushed Dana's legs upward so that her legs wrapped around Lance's shoulders.

Lance thrusted into Dana again. Athena moved to where they were joined, alternating between tonguing Lance's testicles and Dana's vagina. She put her tongue behind Lance's testicles while fingering the nerve between Dana's vagina and anus, then switched.

Lance and Dana were now nothing but instinct, sensation, lust and sexual need — the most elemental urges in mankind to procreate expressed in two people coupled together. Dana's hips thrusted every time Lance pulled back.

For the first time, Athena reached between her own legs and found her own hot button. She had introduced Dana to sex for two, and she had sexually introduced them to each other. Her own body glistened from her work to make Dana orgasm and to make Lance hard. And though this wasn't her goal, she spread her legs and pushed her hand inside her to make herself come as Lance ejaculated into Dana and Dana orgasmed once again.

Athena quietly left the room as Dana settled on top of Lance, their two bodies awash with their sexual fluids. She had achieved what she had been instructed to do — to sexually introduce themselves to each other and to encourage them into sex. That would make what would happen next much easier to accomplish.