 Manville and Lindstrom lay on two lab tables inside a laboratory. Both were nude. Neither was restrained because they were unconscious.

A large bald man in a lab coat looked pleased with himself. 

The man called himself Socrates Prometheus, after the Greek philosopher and the Greek god who supposedly created man from clay.

Prometheus had observed the seaplane crash-land. The electromagnetic beam on his island had scrambled the plane's instrumentation, disabled the radio, and caused fuel starvation in the engines.

The first stages of his plan had worked nearly perfectly.

He was pleased to find the two occupants were unconscious, but alive, and actually not seriously injured. Nevertheless, just in case, he injected sedatives to make sure they remained unconscious when he got them to his lab.

Besides the electromagnetic beam, Prometheus' island had technology no place on Earth had. A small nuclear generator provided electric power for the island, including the ventilation and filtering system for the germ-free lab. A computer half the size of American supercomputers controlled most of the island's mechanical functions.

A similar-sized computer powered the laboratory. Had Lindstrom been conscious, she would have stood in awe at the analytical capabilities of the laboratory. The 10 largest hospitals and the 10 largest universities in the U.S. didn't possess as much combined diagnostic and analytical abilities as Prometheus' laboratory. And no one on the planet possessed any of Prometheus's genetic modification abilities.

Instead of being an observer, Lindstrom, along with Manville, was the object of Prometheus' work.

Prometheus admired the two nude bodies. Dana was a model of classic Nordic beauty, with her curves narrowing from her hips to her waist, then widening again past her breasts to her shoulders. Her large breasts rose and fell with her even breathing. 

Lance looked like a runner or swimmer, not muscle-bound, but physically built more for endurance than for power, with long arms and legs. His penis lay below his stomach, pointing toward his navel.

Standing next to Prometheus was a female assistant, wearing a lab coat as did Prometheus. She was more curvy and had larger breasts than Dana. 

"This is how the human body reproduces, Athena. The male produces sperm," he said, holding up Lance's testicles, "which is delivered through the penis," and he held up Lance's penis, "into the woman's uterus."

He reached to the other table, pointing at Dana's vagina, then above it to where her uterus would be. "One of his sperm penetrates one of her eggs, and fertilization occurs. The fertilized egg is implanted into the uterine wall, cell division occurs, and in approximately nine of your months is the birth. Elementary biology."

Prometheus turned to Athena. "But there is more to human reproduction than that. Much more. And this is key to what we are trying to do."

Prometheus walked over to Dana's nude body. He put his hand inside Dana between her legs.

"She is a virgin," said Prometheus. "We can conclude that she has little in the way of sexual experience. But ... come here."

Athena stood in front of the table.

"Examine her body, Athena. Note how and where it is similar to yours."

Athena opened her lab coat. Prometheus had told her to wear nothing underneath it.

Athena noticed that Dana had smaller breasts than hers. Dana was also taller, and her hips were not as wide as Athena's. Dana's blonde hair ran to her shoulders, while Athena's black hair ran past the middle of her back. Athena also noticed her pubic hair was thicker than Dana's.

Athena touched Dana's left breast, first gently, than more firmly. Dana's nipples began to grow and harden, though Dana remained unconscious.

Athena reached inside her lab coat and held her own left breast. She tweaked her nipple, then Dana's. She noticed her own nipples hardening in the same way Dana's were hardening.

"You see the nature of attraction," said Prometheus. "Reproduction occurs only between the male and the female of the species. But in some cases, females can be attracted to their own sex. As can males.

"Reproduction is far more than a biological process. In order to reproduce, humans must be attracted to each other. This involves biochemical responses that humans do not know exist. Those are imperative for our efforts."

Prometheus took a syringe, held it above Dana's abdomen, then plunged it in two inches above her genitalia. He pulled the plunger upward, extracted fluid, and then pulled it out.

"We're going to extract from each of them these biochemicals, and transfer them into each other's bodies," said Prometheus. "I believe this will make them biochemically attracted to each other. 

"To begin, we need a sample of her genital secretions. The best way to get them is to stimulate her."

Athena moved to the end of the table. She took Dana's ankles in her hands and moved them to the corners of the table to open her legs.

"I think you'll find you can stimulate another woman in the same way you can stimulate yourself," said Prometheus.

Athena took her hand and pushed her fingers inside Dana. She probed, then found the spot inside her. She started stroking it.

She noticed Dana's nipples harden further. Her finger inside Dana was becoming wet. Athena also noticed almost imperceptible movement of Dana's hips. Dana's legs slightly widened.

Athena suddenly noticed that Dana wasn't the only woman becoming wet between her legs in the lab. She licked her own lips and reached between her own legs. She stroked her own clitoris in the same way and at the same time she stroked Dana's. She wondered if Dana was feeling the way she herself was feeling now.

Prometheus watched with more than a trace of amusement. He felt almost sorry that in this body he was unable to engage in sexual activity, let alone reproduce. His species' inability to reproduce was the point of this entire latest experiment.

Athena withdrew her finger from inside Dana. She grabbed a glass slide with one hand, and with the other she ran her finger over the glass, depositing Dana's vaginal secretions onto the slide.

At the other lab table, Prometheus examined Lance's genitals. 

"They appear adequate," said Prometheus. "More than adequate, in fact."

Prometheus took a syringe and stuck it into one of Lance's testicles. He withdrew some fluid, then set it aside. He took another syringe and stuck it into the other testicle, repeating the process.

"Come here, Athena," said Prometheus, putting the syringes aside.

Athena, her lab coat open, came over.

"Stimulate him," he said.

Athena put one hand on Lance's penis. She cupped her hand around the shaft and then began pulling away from his body. She felt his testicles with the other.

"Even when unconscious, the male can be stimulated," said Prometheus. "Open his legs."

Athena pushed one foot toward one corner of the table, and pushed the other foot toward the other end.

Athena resumed with Lance's genitals.

"You found what is called a clitoris," said Prometheus. "It is a gland that appears to have a role in a female's arousal. Men have what is called a prostate gland. It is actively involved in a male's arousal."

Prometheus reached between Lance's legs and pushed his hand inside Lance's anus. He found Lance's prostate and started massaging it. Athena continued caressing Lance's genitals.

"There is a nerve behind his testicles," said Prometheus.

Athena probed behind Lance's testicles. She was rewarded by his erection lifting when she touched it.

"Notice that my stimulating his prostate is increasing his arousal," said Prometheus. 

Prometheus grabbed a glass tube and placed it on the table.

A drop of white liquid formed on the head of Lance's penis. Prometheus put the tube over the end of Lance's penis. 

"Now, do not touch the head, but continue with the shaft and the testicles," Prometheus told Athena. 

Lance's penis grew to fill the open end of the tube. Prometheus let go of Lance's penis, which had grown large enough to hold the tube in place by itself. The weight of the tube stretched Lance's penis, and the tube itself added two inches to his penis' length, now pointing toward his head. The tube moved slightly with Lance's heartbeat.

"A probe, Athena — an inch and a half," said Prometheus.

Athena brought over a stainless steel cylinder, 1½ inches in diameter. One end was flat, the other hemispherical.

"We had better lubricate this," said Prometheus, looking at Dana. "But be careful."

Athena took the probe over to Dana and pushed it slowly inside her, stopping when she felt resistance. She then pulled it back slowly and rotated it inside Dana.

She then pulled the probe out of Dana, walked over to Prometheus, and gave it to him. Prometheus pulled his hand out of Lance, then held up the probe, examined the moisture on it, and then slowly inserted it into Lance's anus. He pushed the probe in until it touched Lance's prostate, then pulled it out, then reinserted it, back and forth as though the probe were having sex with Lance.

A minute later, thick white fluid began streaming from Lance's penis into the tube. The penis and the tube bounced as Lance's genitals ejaculated semen.

Prometheus pulled the tube off Lance's penis before it fell off. Lance's penis was red and wet and still semi-erect.

Prometheus took the tube of Lance's semen to a microscope. "Bring over the syringes and the slides," he told Athena.

Prometheus first put the slides under a microscope one at a time. He took a clipboard and wrote some notes as he examined each. Then he took the syringes and squirted some of their contents onto clean slides, using the edge of a slide to spread the fluids over the entire surface of the slide, then examining each under the microscope.

Finally, he took the vial with Lance's semen over to a larger microscope. He poured some of its contents onto a slide, spread it with the edge of another slide, and put the sample under the microscope.

"Excellent," said Prometheus. "This could not possibly be better. They are ideal candidates, Athena."

Prometheus grabbed four additional syringes. He walked over to Dana and felt around the inside of her legs. Finding what he was looking for, he stuck in the syringe and pulled out more fluid. He went to an armpit, again found what he sought, and pulled out more fluid.

With the other syringes he went to Lance and repeated the process, drawing fluid from a spot inside Lance's groin and an armpit.

Prometheus took the eight syringes — Dana's three in one hand, Lance's four in the other — to a machine about four feet high and four feet wide. He took Dana's three syringes and emptied their contents into a beaker. He took the four syringes from Lance and emptied them into another beaker. Despite having contents from three syringes instead of four, the beaker with Dana's fluids had more fluid.

"We're going to isolate those unique biochemicals and then introduce them to each other," he said. "First, the female."

Prometheus put the beaker into the machine and shut the door. He touched four buttons and then twisted two dials. A series of lights flashed, and then two green lights lit up.

About 10 feet away, another machine suddenly began operating. After several seconds, a single punchcard appeared at one end of the machine.

Prometheus then put the beaker with Lance's fluids into the machine and repeated the process. A second punchcard followed the first with the other machine.

Prometheus took the second punchcard and inserted it into the first machine. After 30 seconds, the two green lights went out. He took the beaker out. Its contents had been distilled into fluid one-fourth inch deep in the bottom of the beaker.

He then repeated the process with the first punchcard and the first beaker. The fluid in that beaker was slightly higher.

During the sampling process, Athena had sterilized the syringes. He took one and filled it with fluid from Dana's beaker. He injected fluid into two spots in Dana's groin and one in each armpit.

"Her body now will produce more reproductive biochemicals," said Prometheus. 

He took the beaker and an eyedropper. He drew fluid with the eyedropper, and put two drops into each of Lance's eyes. He drew more fluid and put two drops into each of Lance's nostrils. He drew more fluid, opened Lance's mouth, and deposited it onto his tongue.

"The human brain responds to sensory signals," said Prometheus. "When she sees him ... when he inhales her unique odor ... their brains will remind them of their attraction to each other."

Prometheus took the beaker and filled another syringe. He reached between Lance's legs, and between his testicles and anus he stuck the needle in at a 45-degree upward angle and pushed in the plunger.

He poured the rest of the beaker's contents onto Lance's penis. It dripped down the head and shaft.

"And his body will now react more actively to what her body produces," he said. "They should be able to be bred a theoretically infinite number of times."

He repeated the process with the beaker with Lance's fluids, injecting fluid into Lance's testicles and both of his armpits. He then used another eyedropper to put more of Lance's fluids into Dana's eyes, nostrils and tongue.

He concluded the process by drawing the rest of Lance's fluids into a syringe. He reached between Dana's legs, and injected the contents of the syringe into Dana's clitoris.

Prometheus walked over to Lance's table and pushed it closer to Dana's.

"If our process works, the results should be evident soon," said Prometheus. "We have genetically programmed them to respond to each other whenever they are near each other."

"How long will they be attracted to each other?" asked Athena.

Prometheus thought. "They are now genetically programmed to respond to each other," he said. "The only way that could be reversed is by reprogramming ... or deprogramming. Without that ... their attraction should be permanent. You should check her body as you did before."

Athena looked down at Dana's body. Dana's nipples were rock hard on top of breasts that actually appeared to have grown in size. Her face was flushed, and her lips appeared more full.

Athena reached inside Dana. She was wet without Athena having to do anything to her.

"Look at our male," said Prometheus.

Athena turned to look at Lance. His penis was red and pointed straight to the ceiling at a 20-degree angle from vertical.