 Lance woke up first. 

The feel, and then sight, of Dana's nude body curved around his was a most pleasant sight to wake up to. One of her knees nudged Lance's groin.

Dana's knee made Lance's penis bounce. He looked and saw his penis was every bit as hard as it had been the previous night.

And then the previous night, and day before that, came back to memory. Flying from Florida, crashing in the Atlantic ... waking up in this place ... this Socrates Prometheus ... and then waking up to see two nude girls walking in on him, offering themselves to him.

He hadn't had a night like that in ... well, ever. 

And then he realized Dana's eyes were open and she was looking at him.

She looked half-awake, or maybe hung over. Her hair was a nest on her head. 

The way she looked made Lance's penis throb.

Dana felt Lance's genitals with her right knee. She shifted slightly and felt a gentle throb from between her legs when his right hip nudged between her legs. Her right breast was sweaty and felt full on top of Lance's chest.

Lance's hair went in 100 different directions. His blue eyes were half-open.

Just looking at him made her want to impale herself on his body right now.

"Hello," he said quietly. And they kissed.

Half a minute later, she said, "Are you all right?"

"Can't you tell?" Then they stopped. "Are you all right?"

"I ... don't ... know," she said.

All right? They were imprisoned on an island apparently of some kind of mad scientist. The only way they knew how to get off the island was lying in pieces just off the water. There was no way of knowing if the Air Force or anyone else knew where they were. They had been stripped of their clothing.

Oh, and Dana had lost her virginity to a man she had met two days ago, the naked man now underneath her own naked body. Without a ring, without a marriage vow, without even a first date, they had fucked as if they were both in heat, his semen inside her, her virginal blood all over his genitals. That probably didn't qualify as what her mother had said about saving herself for the right man, which had been back when she started getting periods 20 years ago.

She had not had a man touch her in any sort of sexual way since she had left home for college. She had made out in the cars of a couple of high school dates, but that had always stopped when her dates tried to get past first base. She had gone out with group dates with friends in college, but she had never been interested in any of the men she had met, in college, or in medical school, or doing her doctoral work.

She had thought for a while that she wanted to save herself for the right man, although she couldn't exactly define who or what would make up "the right man." And then she became more interested in her work, and there was no right man. She had worked with men who seemed to function nowhere besides above the neck. She also knew men who tried to hit on her despite their being married, and she wanted nothing to do with that.

Oh, and she had lost her virginity after she was seduced by another woman. She had known women she concluded were lesbians given their appearance — they looked as though they wanted to be men and not women — and their lack of participation in the gossip about which doctor was sleeping with whom. 

Did that make her a lesbian? She had read both of the Kinsey reports, Sexual Behavior in the Human Male and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female. She never remembered herself as attracted to women in any sexual sense. Her interest in the human body was strictly clinical as part of her research.

Dana was suddenly curious about Lance's erection. She had seen penises before, of course, but only in a clinical setting and as the only woman in a group of doctors.

She touched his testicles, feeling the skin of his scrotum, tracing their shape. They were warm through his pubic hair. They hung down, not retracted back toward his pelvis like they would be in a cold examination room. She tried to remember if testicles were usually this large too.

She knew that penises looked like this only once in a while, and only under specific circumstances. It felt slightly cooler than his testicles, but still warm. She could feel his pulse through her hand.

She put her fist loosely around his penis. Her hand covered about two-thirds of the shaft; the rest and the head came out of her looped thumb and forefinger, with the side of her hand resting against his testicles. She had only seen one this large in reference books, never in her work or her research.

She looked up at Lance. His eyes were shut, and he was breathing faster. His body had a sweaty sheen. It was as if he held Lance's beating heart in her hand, as she had done once when assisting in an open-heart surgery.

So this is what women really do to men? she thought to herself.

Suddenly she noticed she was wet again between her legs, like she was when she awoke yesterday. She had an urge to take him into her mouth, to excite him until he lost control. She also had an urge to take him between her legs so he could make her lose control again.

Is this what men really do to women? she thought to herself.

Dana got up on all fours over Lance. She brushed her breasts on Lance's face. Lance responded by taking a nipple into his mouth. His hands caressed her breasts.

Dana lowered herself onto Lance's body, his erect penis sliding upward into Dana's vagina. Lance moaned. Dana felt tremendously turned on and supremely accomplished. Her body had turned him into this.

Lance thrusted upward, and the liquid fire between Dana's legs returned. Another thrust, and the fire extended from her breasts to her ass. Another thrust, and her entire body was on fire. "Ahhhhhhhhh," she said every time she inhaled and exhaled, and every time Lance lifted her. Her feet curled up. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh," he said as Dana's grip on him through his penis tightened. Dana had shut her eyes to focus on the sensations Lance was giving her. Lance kissed her deeply while putting his hands on her ass.

Their day began the same way the previous day had ended, with Dana's high-pitched wail of orgasm and Lance's groan of climaxing into Dana.

Dana slumped onto Lance's body.

The door opened. Athena stood in the doorway.

"Good morning," she said.

Dana and Lance froze in place. Pulling a blanket or sheet over themselves was futile since they had nothing covering the bed.

"Did you sleep well?"

"Fine," croaked Lance.

"You might want to refresh yourself. Come with me."

Dana looked at Lance and then got up off the bed. Athena took her hand and led her out the door, Lance following her.

As they walked, Dana reached backward for Lance's hand, and found his penis instead. Dana turned to look at him. She was briefly embarrassed by touching what she hadn't intended. And then she briefly took it in her hand anyway.

Athena led them to a room with a round pool about 30 feet around. On one side water cascaded down from the ceiling.

"I will prepare breakfast while you bathe," said Athena, turning to leave.

They could walk into the water from the side opposite the waterfall. The water was warm and seemed very bubbly, as if they were swimming in carbonated water, tickling their skin. 

They walked in until they reached waist level and then dove in.

The water flowing over their bodies immediately stimulated them. Dana's nipples stiffened and Lance grew hard again.

Dana floated in the water, her head back, her arms out, her legs open, seemingly kept on the surface by her breasts.

Dana swam underwater, followed by Lance, who enjoyed the view of the curves of her ass, her legs opening and closing, and her hair flowing behind her. Her breasts stood out unimpeded by gravity.

Dana spun around in the water. Lance glided up to her. They kissed underwater, and Dana opened her legs to him. They floated in the water, Dana impaled on Lance, each other the only thing on their minds, more than even breathing.