 Jordan found the ad in a local newspaper. "Needed: Healthy male, age 18-30, for testing of a classified robotic prototype, $400 dollar stipend for selected volunteers" with some half-assed stock photo design and a number to call for information. Jordan's friends laughed when he told them about it, and warned him that it sounded like human trafficking or at the very least a scam, but he figured it couldn't have been so bad if it got in the newspaper, plus he was scrambling to pay his tuition and the money was too good to pass up. So he called the number and was given an address and a date to be there. 

They did this every year. While working primarily on robotic technology for the military, the team at Vision Robotics spent their free time building another machine. Every year they would celebrate by placing an ad seeking a young male volunteer for their passion project, and the people who responded were always the same - stupid, desperate college students. Dan, the leader of the engineering department, paced around their creation now. As the boss and the best liar of the group, Dan was the most well-suited to interviewing the potential candidates. He always found a way to rope in the attractive volunteers, and to make up some legitimate-sounding reason for turning away the ones that seemed too aware of the world to agree to anything like what they were about to do. His pager went off now, alerting him that the latest volunteer had arrived, and he left the showroom.

Even though he kept telling himself he had nothing to worry about, Jordan still felt nervous walking into the building owned by Vision Robotics. He was reassured somewhat when the office, while located in a seedier part of the city, was clean and official-looking inside. It was brightly lit, with lots of white and grey that reminded Jordan a little bit of a sci-fi movie and a little bit of an Apple store. He approached the desk, and managed to stammer out something like "Uh, hi. I'm here because I saw your ad in the city paper and you told me to come in and ask for Dan." He thought he saw the person at the desk giving him a pitying look, but maybe it was just a trick of the eye.

"Name?" 

"Jordan... Wilson." They nodded,

"You can take a seat in the lobby, he'll be out for you in a moment." Jordan sat in a chair by one of the few windows in the room. He tapped his foot and watched a pigeon eat the remnants of someone's McDonald's french fries on the sidewalk, but was roused within a few minutes by a firm hand on his shoulder. He turned quickly, and saw one of the gorgeous men he had ever seen. "Jordan Wilson?" the man asked, and his voice was smooth and deep. He stuck his hand out for a handshake, and Jordan took it, the size of his hand dwarfed by the older man's. "I'm Dan, I'll be conducting your interview today as well as guiding you through the robotics testing. Would you follow me?" All Jordan could do was nod and stare at Dan's broad shoulders as he followed close behind him.

Dan lead Jordan down a carpeted hallway and back to a fairly plain-looking conference room, where he pulled a chair out for Jordan to sit and took a seat across from him. Already, he could tell that Jordan would be a great candidate. He looked delicate and slender, and stared around his new surroundings with a sense of slackjawed wonderment. Plus, there was no denying the way he looked at Dan as if we was a God. Dan conducted the interview as usual, asking some miscellaneous questions about Jordan's health, then moving on to gauge how far Jordan was willing to go. "This robot is currently being developed for medical procedures," he lied, "so some of the tests we run may seem somewhat invasive." Jordan nodded. "We like to just reassure all of our volunteers before going in that this is all routine testing and there is no need to feel embarrassed. We're all professionals here and you can trust that we will be there to shut everything down if something goes wrong. Alright?"

"Sure." This kid was perfect.

"Now, just to get all this administrative work out of the way, I'm going to hand you this form which is just to document that you agree to all the details of this project. Just sign where I've highlighted at the bottom, and we'll do a quick physical examination and then get you over to the showroom to start the testing." Jordan didn't even bat an eye, he just flipped straight to the end of the document and signed on the line, pausing to ask Dan what the date was. He handed the packet back over, and Dan said, "Great. Follow me."

While Jordan hadn't necessarily come expecting invasive medical testing, he was reassured by all the official-looking paperwork that this was a legitimate operation, and was excited to prove his friends wrong. As he followed Dan down the hallway, he imagined returning to his dorm and showing off his new riches, and he looked forward to gossiping about the attractive man who would be leading the whole operation. He entered into a small white room behind Dan. The room had an exam table and some assorted medical equipment, plus the strange addition of a large mirror set into the wall. Jordan knew that was odd for an exam room, but he brushed it off and figured the building had been used for something else before Vision moved in. Jordan sat on the table and looked around the room while Dan got his height, weight, and blood pressure. He felt his heart rate increase when Dan got close to him, and he worried it would mess up the readings, but everything seemed to be up to Dan's expectations. Dan told him he would have to change into just a medical gown for the remainder of the testing, and left the room for privacy.

Behind the one-way mirror, Dan and his colleagues watched Jordan strip. "This kid is beautiful," one of his coworkers remarked, and everyone agreed. They admired his smooth chest and the way his stomach rolled when he pulled down his pants. He had forgotten to take his shoes off first, and they got a good view of his ass while he untied his sneakers and yanked them off his feet. Jordan put the gown on with the opening in the back and even checked his hair in the mirror before sitting back on the examination table.

Dan's knock on the door was perfectly timed, Jordan thought as he leaned back against the wall. It was strange feeling his bare ass against the paper-covered examination table, but he figured that was just part of the gig. Dan inspected his throat and even pulled his lips up to inspect his teeth and gums, then felt for any swelling in his lymph nodes. The feeling of Dan's large hands pressing inquisitively along his neck made Jordan's mind wander, but he was snapped out of his fantasies when Dan said, "If you could just stand up and bend over the table, I'm just going to do a quick prostate examination and then we should be good to go."

Jordan knew vaguely that prostate exams weren't typical for someone his age, but he told himself it must be necessary (and honestly he didn't mind the thought of having Dan's fingers inside of him), and did as he was told. His hospital gown fell open as he bent over, and he felt one lubricated finger push into his rectum. He bit the inside of his mouth to keep himself quiet as Dan's finger probed his prostate. He found himself pushing back against Dan's finger and was embarrassed by how good it felt. Maybe no one had noticed.

Dan had certainly noticed, and wondered what he had done to deserve such a perfect candidate for the 'tests.' He continued probing Jordan's ass, but he knew he couldn't get too carried away before bringing Jordan into the showroom, and he pulled his finger out. "Everything looks good," he said casually, pulling off his nitrile gloves and throwing them in the trash can. Jordan was relieved to hear that the examination was over, though he couldn't help but notice a spreading feeling of warmth in his ass. Maybe he was just imagining it. "Here," Dan handed him some sort of small earpiece, "Due to safety precautions, I will not be able to be in the room with you while the tests are taking place. Just speak at any time during the testing and I will be able to hear you. There's a mic on my end too so we can communicate." Jordan thanked him, and fit it into his ear. It kind of looked like the hearing aids he had seen deaf students wearing at his school. With the earpiece in, he could hear through his right ear but only heard soft static in his left.

"Now, as you know our projects here are highly confidential. Many of them are under development for government and military use, so we don't like to take the risk of letting any information get out. For that reason, we ask all of our volunteers to wear a blindfold during their time spent in the showroom." Jordan swallowed as he saw Dan remove the blindfold from his pocket. It was black and satiny, standing in stark contrast to the hospital brightness of the room around him. Before he could even question it, Dan was wrapping the blindfold over his eyes and tying it behind his head. "Don't worry," Jordan was instantly soothed by Dan's voice in his right ear, "I'll be right here with you."

And with that, Dan lead him out of the hall and into the showroom. Unlike the exam room, the showroom had large windows rather than one-way mirrors. It was a huge space, with a cold concrete floor and harsh fluorescent lights. Dan left Jordan standing there, vulnerable in the center of the space, unaware that he was less than a foot away from the robot. "Stay right there," he said in Jordan's open ear, pressing one hand against his bare lower back before leaving to enter the observation room, where the rest of his coworkers were waiting.

Alone, blindfolded, and only able to hear through one ear, Jordan felt utterly lost in the showroom. Something about the air told him it was a large space, but beyond that he couldn't tell much. He felt the rough concrete on his bare feet, and could hear the faintest fluorescent buzzing. That warm feeling had spread throughout him as they walked, and he now felt like every nerve on his body was vibrating slightly. His skin felt incredibly sensitive, so much so that Dan's quick caress of his lower back had sent shockwaves through his body. He stood there, sweating and feeling his heart race, feeling completely naked in spite of his hospital gown, for what felt like hours before he heard Dan's voice in his earpiece. "Jordan. Can you hear me?" Jordan's mouth felt dry, so he licked his lips and said into the nothingness,

"Yeah," then, "Um. I feel kind of. Weird."

"Don't worry. It's perfectly normal to feel nervous, and this machine also uses a variety of chemicals which are formulated to help keep future patients calm and cooperative. Everyone reacts to these a little differently, you may just be having a particularly strong reaction. It was all in the paperwork." They both knew that Jordan didn't read the paperwork, and Dan took his hand off the mic button and laughed with his coworkers about how easily Jordan fell for his lie. They all knew that what Jordan was feeling was in response to the gel Dan had inserted into his rectum during the 'prostate exam,' a chemical one of the biomedical engineers had synthesized with effects similar to ecstasy. Jordan heard Dan's voice in his ear again, "We're about to begin the testing. You'll feel the machine touching you in a moment. Please don't be alarmed. I'm right here making sure everything goes well." Already, people in the observation room were unzipping their pants as they watched him.

Jordan stood there in the void for a moment, listening to his own breathing, and then he heard a terrifying mechanical noise. He felt something smooth against his side, like a huge mechanical worm, which wrapped halfway around his waist underneath the medical gown. The end of it probed at his bellybutton as if it was searching for something, then stopped, squeezing tightly around his waist. Jordan struggled to control his breathing under the weight of the machine and cautiously reached his hands to feel what was gripping him. It felt soft and smooth on the outside, but still cold and mechanical, like a metal arm with many hinges covered in a rubber sheath. His hands moved along the length of the robotic limb until, with another sound of heavy machinery, a second appendage shot out and wrapped several times around his forearm, yanking it back. Jordan tried to pull his arm out from its grasp, but the machine could not be moved. Every sensation felt too intense. Jordan couldn't decide if it was worse to struggle against the machine, with every movement excruciating, or stay still as it moved over his skin. The first limb snaked further around his body, winding around his waist and squeezing tightly. Another one wrapped around his leg.

Jordan screamed as the machine suddenly lifted him into the air. Dan was there again in his earpiece "Calm down, Jordan. You're perfectly safe. Just sit through the tests and you'll be walking out of here with your 400 dollars in no time." Jordan listened closely to Dan's soothing voice and tried to control his breathing as one appendage caressed his neck and another one wrapped around his thigh. "Just relax. The more relaxed you are, the easier it will be." Jordan's hospital gown had fallen off when he was lifted off his feet, and the men in the observation room watched his body dangle in the air. Jordan felt simultaneously humiliated and thrilled by his nakedness, knowing that Dan was watching him from afar. More robotic limbs caressed his ass and face, poking firmly against his skin. The end of one tentacle pushed between his lips and against his teeth. "Open your mouth," Dan's voice returned, "It's just going to run some tests." Jordan did, slightly, and felt the robot move snakelike into his mouth. He moved his head back as the arm approached his throat, grabbing the robot limb with his one free hand in an effort to hold it back. 

"Swallow it," a voice said in Jordan's earpiece, but it wasn't Dan's this time. He tried to squirm out of the way until the tentacles wrapped around his body tightened, and another one firmly gripped his wrist. The robot held his arm up in the air as it plunged deeply into his throat. Jordan gagged. Snot ran down his face and it went deeper, deeper. The feeling of his throat being stretched by the machine sent chills down his spine. He wanted Dan's voice to come back on his earpiece, but all he heard was the hydraulic sounds of the machine pushing into his throat. He felt like it would never stop. 

The machine lifted Jordan's legs up, and he felt something wet against his asshole. At this point, even the slight pressure made his toes curl. He struggled to suck in a breath around the robotic limb in his throat, and was relieved to feel the tentacle begin to pull slowly out of his throat as the one behind him pushed into his asshole. When his throat was finally free, Jordan gasped for air and let out a loud moan. Every nerve in his body was alive, every inch of him being caressed and prodded by the machine's tentacles. He felt the robot pump in and out of his asshole, going deeper with every stroke, and his muscles tensed with pleasure. He was panting and sweating, and the scientists in the observation room watched intently as the machine went deeper inside of him. All the sudden, his earpiece was on again,

"Doesn't that feel good?" Dan's voice breathed in his ear. Jordan knew this was not testing, but he didn't care anymore. At this point it was all he could do to choke out an affirmative answer and a few expletives as he felt his body being filled up with the length of the machine. Another robotic tentacle wrapped itself around Jordan's cock, and he came immediately, his body shaking under the stress of the sensations. He felt some of his cum hit his bare chest, and gasped for breath.

However, the robot had not finished fucking him, and Dan and his coworkers were still enjoying the show. Several had shot their loads into their hands or over the front of their pants, and some had even started undressing each other as they watched. Dan had one particularly attractive coworker sucking his cock under the table. He pushed firmly on the back of the man's head as he saw Jordan's semen arc into the air, then pressed some buttons to make the machine fuck him harder.

Jordan was utterly unable to think. All his brain could focus on was the sensations coursing throughout his body. He felt the tentacle around his dick begin to stroke him, and a second tentacle begin to enter his asshole. It forced its way in alongside the other limb, and he could feel the width of the two arms pressing against his inside. From his seat in the observation room, Dan could even see Jordan's stomach shift slightly. As the two tentacles began pumping in and out of him, Jordan approached another orgasm. Dan felt one approaching too as he facefucked the man under the table, and seeing Jordan's body twitch as he came again brought him over the edge.

Things continued like this for quite a while, Jordan undergoing upwards of 10 orgasms as he was fucked hard by their robot creation. By the end of it, Dan and his coworkers were watching more out of wonderment than arousal, marveling at the number of tentacles Jordan could take deep into his ass and his mouth. When they finally grew bored of watching him, Jordan was a sticky mess, covered in his own cum and the chemical secretions from the machine. 

Jordan felt himself being lowered carefully to the ground, and he collapsed to his hands and knees, his face pressing against the cold concrete. Slowly, the tentacles pulled out of his body, leaving behind long trails of their chemical secretions. He took a long, shuddering breath and felt the air on his asshole, which was wide open after the tentacles removed themselves from him. That was the last thing Jordan felt before passing out from exhaustion on the showroom floor.

When he awoke, Jordan was back in the operation room. He had a hospital gown draped on top of him, but could still feel the sticky mess of cum on his chest, thighs, and stomach. His throat and asshole ached. He quietly got dressed, and sat silently on the table. A few moments later, Dan entered the room. The money exchanged hands, $400 cash, and Dan informed Jordan that he could always call the number from the newspaper if he wanted to come again. Jordan nodded, left the building. The sun had set now.

He got in his car and drove home in silence. He sat in his apartment drinking a glass of water and watching the pigeons outside. He was exhausted, but he knew he would be calling Vision Robotics again.