 Immersion Playground

Book #1: The Proposal

Chapter 7

Rick and Giselle arrive at Mangia! at six forty-five—fifteen minutes early. Sal, the owner, greets them warmly, giving Giselle a hug and shaking Rick's hand before escorting them to a table in the corner. They are just sitting down when Rick sees Teri enter. Rick begins to rise to meet her, but Sal is quicker and makes his way to the front.

It always amazes Rick that Sal seems to be everywhere and do everything. Sal either does the cooking himself or supervises it, and also greets most of the guests and waits on a few tables, normally his regulars. All in all, it makes the small restaurant seem more like a large family than a business.

Sal walks Teri to their table. "Giselle, Charlie, and now this lovely woman," Sal says in his rich baritone and thick Italian accent. "My restaurant is full of beautiful woman." He smiles broadly and heaves a dramatic sigh. "I will care for this table personally. Please, Teri, have a seat," he says, pulling out a chair next to Giselle.

Rick and Giselle rise as Giselle holds out her hand. "Hello Teri. I'm Giselle and this is my husband, Rick."

Teri shakes each of their hands in turn. "Teri Shorr," she says in return. "I can't tell you how pleased I am to meet you." She acts as if she has more to say, but stops.

"Shall we sit down?" Rick suggests, helping Teri cover her awkward feelings.

"Giselle, I have a new wine I am thinking of adding to my cellar," Sal says. "I would like you to try it and tell me what you think. My brother, he sent me a case from Italy."

"That would be lovely, Sal. You know I love to try new wines."

Sal turns to Teri. "Giselle, she helps me choose my wines. Best advice Charlie ever gave me. Now my wines complement my food even better," Sal says with a chuckle. "I should pay her, but all she will let me to do is feed her."

"Sal, you give me too much credit," Giselle says, blushing lightly.

Sal chuckles again and pats Giselle on the shoulder. "You give yourself too little. I'll be back," he says, as he turns to greet a family walking in the door.

Teri looks at Giselle with wide eyes. "You're a wine expert too?" she asks, her voice full of respect.

"Hardly," Giselle says.

"Yes," Rick says at the same time.

A couple of minutes later Sal returns with a bottle of wine in hand. He opens the bottle and pours a small amount in a glass. Giselle doesn't make a big production of it, but she checks the clarity and bouquet of the wine before tasting. She holds the glass aloft.

"More please," she says with a big smile.

"You like, then?" Sal asks, beaming.

"This is very good. You should definitely add this to your cellar," Giselle confirms as Sal refills her glass.

Sal plops the bottle in the middle of the table. "This one is on the house," he says, then holds his arms open as if to give a hug. Rick is confused by the gesture, but then turns to see Charlie and Todd approaching. "Charlie," Sal booms out, "So good to see you again." He hugs her and kisses her on the cheek. "You're lucky man," Sal says to Todd, shaking his hand.

"I know, Sal. She reminds me of that frequently," Todd says, smiling broadly.

Sal laughs. "You listen to her," he says. "You listen to her good."

Sal begins passing out menus as Charlie and Todd sit down. Rick isn't sure where he got them, as he didn't think they were in his hand when he brought the wine, and they certainly weren't in his hand when he hugged Charlie. Rick glances around and sees a waiter walking away. Rick grins. That Sal, he's a smooth one all right. Sal takes their drink orders and scurries away.

"Sorry we're late. Traffic. I see you've met," Charlie says.

"We introduced ourselves," Rick replies. "Sal, he sort of fills as room when he's around, you know?"

Charlie smiles broadly. "He's such a sweetheart. Seems like I've known him forever. Todd and I started coming here right after he opened," Charlie says to Teri before turning to Todd. "How long ago was that? Ten years? Maybe more?"

"That's probably about right," Todd agrees. "You were still modeling, and I was just a flunky at Stern and Daniels."

Charlie returns her attention to Teri, trying to draw her into the conversion. "Everything here is good or excellent," Charlie says as Sal returns and begins setting their drinks around the table.

"You ready to order or do you need more time?" Sal asks.

"You want to order for us, Sal?" Charlie asks.

"Oh no. I could do that for you four, but I don't know what the young lady likes." Sal turns his attention to Teri. "Do you know what you want? Then I can know what to scrape out of the bottom of the pan for them," he says with a nod of his head to the rest of the table.

"Uh..." Teri begins. "I guess anything. But I prefer red sauces to white," Teri says demurely.

"Ah! I know just the thing then. You no like, I will fix you something else, but I think you will like it," Sal says with a big smile. "The rest of you lot, I'll see if there is something for you." With that he draws himself up with great dignity and bustles into the kitchen.

As soon as Sal is out of earshot the entire table begins to snicker. "Is he always like that?" Teri asks.

"Only if he likes you," Charlie replies.

"If he brings you the manicotti, you will think you've died and gone to heaven," Giselle adds. She pours the wine into everyone's glasses, pausing over Teri's glass in a silent question.

"A little, I guess. I'm not much of a wine drinker," Teri says quietly.

"Neither am I," Rick says. "But trust Giselle. She knows what she's talking about."

Teri takes a tentative sip and her eyes open a bit wider. "Wow. That's not bad," she says as if surprised.

"The difference between a quality wine and swill," Giselle says with a smile.

A waiter arrives with plates, a serving of bread, and dough knots drizzled with garlic butter. "Complements of the kitchen," the waiter says, placing the items on the table.

"Would you have Sal send out another bottle of his most excellent wine?" Giselle asks the waiter, handing him the empty bottle.

When the waiter is gone Giselle turns her attention on Teri. "Teri, I wanted to tell you how touched Rick and I were to your reaction to our immersion. I'm glad you found it... helpful, for lack of a better word."

The ice broken, Teri seems to relax just a bit. "I want to thank you again, all of you, for sharing that with me. It was so amazingly wonderful. I feel so much better about myself... I didn't even realize how badly I felt until I didn't feel that way anymore. You know what I mean?"

"I think I do," Giselle says. "I have been in your shoes. I remember wondering, before I met Rick, what is wrong with me. If I would ever be happy. It can be hard sometimes, I know."

Teri stares at Giselle for a moment. "That's it exactly. But I don't feel like that so much anymore. Maybe not at all. I feel... it's hard to describe... but like everything will be fine and I just need to wait a little longer. It's kind of like when I shop for clothes. I enjoy the looking even if I don't find what I am looking for. If I don't like something, I just put it back and move on. I don't get mad, or depressed. And when I do find the right outfit, I know it. Kind of like what Charlie said."

Rick watches Giselle and Teri. There definitely is a connection being made there. "Can you tell me why you feel like that now?" Rick asks. "What is it about the experience that suddenly makes you feel this way? I assume your life hasn't changed that much in just the last couple of days."

Teri looks to Rick. "I think it's you. The way you always seem to touch me—I'm sorry, touch Giselle. The way you would look at me—her." Teri shakes her head in frustration. "I know it was, is Giselle that all these feeling are for, but it felt so real, it was like it was me."

"That's what the immersion does, it gives you all the same feelings. Don't worry about the terms, just tell me how you felt. I'm very interested in this," Rick says.

"Rick is basically the man most responsible for creating the immersion technology," Charlie chimes in. "That's why he is so interested in what you have to say."

Teri's eyes widen again. "Really? That's amazing," she says quietly.

"Well, I don't know that I would put it quite like that. Let's just say I helped," Rick demurs.

"The immersion you experienced is one of the first ever made," Charlie says. "Don't let his modesty fool you."

"May I ask a question?" Teri asks Rick.

"Of course."

"Why did you record that? I'm just wondering."

Rick begins to blush. "It was an accident. I only meant to record our dinner and the proposal." Rick pauses to smile at Giselle. "But then I got distracted and forgot it was recording."

"So it was an accident? You didn't do it on purpose?"

"No. Why?"

"I don't know. It's just so amazing, and yet it was all an accident."

"A lot of great things have been discovered by accident," Todd says.

"Yeah. I guess that is true," Teri replies thoughtfully.

There is a pause before Rick steers the conversion back on course. "You were telling me why you suddenly felt different..." he prompts.

"Oh. Yeah. It was the way you touched me and looked at me. You were always touching me in little ways," Teri says, pointing to the table. Rick looks to see his hand resting lightly on Giselle's arm. Rick and Giselle smile at each other, but Rick doesn't move his hand.

"Anyway, it made me feel special, like I was the most important thing in the world," Teri continues. "Up here," she taps her head, "I know it was Giselle that you were making feel that way, but down here," she taps her heart, "I still feel as if it were me." She pauses before taking a deep breath and barking out a short laugh. "I promised myself I wasn't going to cry tonight," she says with a sniff. Giselle places one hand gently on Teri's arm, but says nothing. "I've never felt like that, like this before," she finally adds after a moment of silence.

Rick sees Sal approach, but he seems to sense that now is not the time and subtly changes direction to arrive at another table as if it was his destination all along. "So these feelings, they are still with you?" Rick asks.

"Yes. Have you ever had a dog?" Teri asks. Rick shakes his head. "I had a dog once a long time ago, and I loved that dog more than anything in the world. He's dead now, but I can still remember how much I loved him, and it makes me happy. This is kind of like that. A little sad that I don't have the dog anymore, but mostly happy because I remember how happy I was then." Teri snaps her fingers. "This is kind of embarrassing to say, but the best way to describe it is that I miss you, Rick." She laughs lightly. "Isn't that weird? I miss someone I just met, and who is still sitting right here."

The entire table looks at one another before breaking into quiet laughter. Sal steps up behind Charlie and Teri. "Your food will be out soon. Can I get you anything?"

Nobody rises to the question so Charlie pipes up, "I don't think so, Sal. But your bread knots are wonderful as always."

Sal beams at the compliment. "Beautiful and has a taste for good food. What a woman," Sal teases before turning away.

The entire table grins as Charlie blushes. "I'm definitely coming back here," Teri says. "He's a hoot."

"He's a big flirt," Charlie corrects, but she's smiling.

Everyone looks to Rick as the conversation dies down. Rick becomes aware of the silence and refocuses his attention on the group. "Sorry. I was lost in thought. Teri, I want to ask you something. Would you pay to have an experience like this? Either before, or now, to have it again?"

Teri doesn't hesitate. "Yes. If I knew it would make me feel like it did, you're damn right I would." She blushes a little. "Sorry."

"Even now? After you have experienced it once already?"

"Oh yeah. I think it would be even better the second time. Maybe even better each time after that. I could experience this every day. It is so... something. Cleansing? Refreshing? Rejuvenating? I don't know the right word, but yes, every day, twice on the weekends. At least until I find my own Rick," Teri says, glancing at Giselle.

"You wouldn't be worried, living someone else's life?" Rick asks.

"I don't think I would be living someone else's life. I don't love you Rick, or pine after you. I just like the way you make me feel. Well, the way you make Giselle feel, anyway," Teri corrects. "I don't think this would be any different than watching a feel good vid, except you really do feel good afterwards."

"A feel-good vid?" Rick asks.

Teri rolls her eyes. "Just when I thought he was perfect."

"If you only knew," Giselle says in a serious tone.

"I can vouch for that," Charlie adds, just as serious.

"Well, I still like you Rick," Todd deadpans, causing the entire table to snicker.

They are still laughing when Sal arrives with the food, skillfully setting a plate in front of each of them. Giselle and Teri each have the manicotti, Rick has what appears to be veal, Charlie has Spaghetti alla carbonara, and Todd has something with clams. It all looks wonderful and smells better still.

Teri becomes aware that everyone, including Sal, is watching her. "What?"

"It's tradition," Giselle explains. "Everyone is waiting on your reaction to your first taste."

"That's right," Sal says. "I must know if you like it or if I should prepare something else."

"I'm sure it's fine."

"Tut tut," Sal cuts her off. "If is only fine I will prepare you something else. It must be excellent. It's a matter of pride, you see," Sal explains. "If you no like Italian food, then fine is good enough."

"Oh no," Teri protests. "I like Italian food." She cuts off a piece of the manicotti and, after blowing it cool, pops it into her mouth. She chews, then stops as a small smile crosses her lips.

"Ah! See! I told you, you like," Sal exclaims, once again beaming.

"Sal, this is fantastic! The best I have ever tried," Teri gushes.

"Three women, all beautiful, and all who appreciate good food," Sal says, his accent becoming thicker. "I think I might cry."

Teri stares after him as Sal walks away. "Is he for real?"

"No," Charlie says. "But he's fun, isn't he?"

"He's funny alright," Teri agrees. "So, Rick, Giselle, what are you going to do with your immersion?" she asks, bringing the subject back up. "I assume you must be planning something, otherwise why would you share it at all? And you asked about paying to experience it."

"That's a long story," Rick says. "But no plans at to do anything with it, at least not this one specifically. Why do you ask?"

"No reason. I was just wondering why, if you made it for your private use, did you share it with me? Or Charlie for that matter."

"Like I said, long story. But since you mention it, I have been wondering if there is a market for immersions such as these. 'Feel good' immersions, if I could borrow your term."

"I think there would have to be," Teri says with conviction. "All my friends complain about their boyfriends. None of them seem to be as happy as you two, or Charlie and Todd. I'm sure all of them would like to experience the immersion. And if all of them like it, why wouldn't anyone else?" Teri turns to look at Charlie. "You said you experienced it. What did you think of it? You didn't really say the other day other than... well... you know."

Charlie laughs. "I remember. It was wonderful. What it did was remind me just how much I love Todd. I think Todd felt the same way when he experienced it."

"This one would be the first one?" Teri asks Rick.

"No, not this one. But I am thinking of producing and releasing several of them with different aspects, things that appeal to different tastes. Just an idea I have been kicking around the last few days. I'm thinking along the lines of using them as a tool to help another business I am involved in," Rick explains.

"Why wouldn't you release this one? It is so beautiful. It has everything. Romance. Beautiful location. It would be hard to do better," Teri says.

"Well... I think the reason is obvious."

"The end?" Teri asks. "I think it is beautiful, it's what makes the immersion so special. I don't know how you can capture that feeling without the ending. And I don't know how you could create that feeling unless the couple is already in love. I predict it will be harder than you think to duplicate this."

Rick thinks it over. "I would think any married couple would have the same feelings," he says.

Giselle and Teri both begin laughing at the same time. "You think my mom and dad feel about each other the way you and Giselle feel?" Teri asks. "They don't hate each other, but I can tell you for certain that they don't feel as you two do. I don't even think they even... uh..." Teri stalls as she struggles to find the words. "Express their love anymore, if you know what I mean."

"Teri is right, Rick," Giselle chimes in. "I never loved Jonathan the way I love you."

"We surely can't be the only married couple that loves one another. Look at Charlie and Todd," Rick says.

"Okay, name another," Teri challenges.

Rick thinks for a moment, then realizes that he can't. He can think of several couples that appear to be happy enough, but he doesn't get the same feeling from them that he gets from Charlie and Todd. "We can't be the only two," Rick protests.

"I doubt you are," Teri agrees. "There are probably millions of couples out there that are just as in love, but the question is, can you find them? And if you do, will they do it? Would you agree to do it if someone were to ask you?"

"No. No I wouldn't," Rick says flatly. "Maybe this is a bad idea after all."

"On the other hand," Teri says quietly, "You could help so many the way you helped me. I will be forever grateful to you for sharing this with me... but how many more could you help?" She looks at her plate as if embarrassed.

Rick glances at Charlie, then Todd, both of whom seem unnaturally interested in their food. He turns to Giselle, who is looking back at him with the same expression of doubt that he feels is on his face.

"I hear what you are saying Teri, but there are our careers to think about," Rick says, wondering why he feels he has to justify himself to this woman.

"I understand. I really do. But I didn't know you at all before the immersion, yet after the immersion I feel such... respect for you, for what you and Giselle have," Teri says, looking up from her plate. "I cried after the immersion. I cried for what I didn't have, and I cried for what I suddenly did. I... well, it makes me mad to think that someone would hold something like this against you when they should be congratulating you because of it. It's just like when people think that because of the way I look, I don't have a brain in my head, or all I'm interested in is fu—sex."

Rick pauses as he thinks. "Teri, people underestimate your intellect at their own peril. You are one of the most articulate young women—young person period—that I've ever met." The rest of the table nods in agreement.

Teri smiles slightly and looks to Giselle. "Okay, maybe he's perfect after all."

"Okay, Teri, time to put your money where your mouth is," Rick challenges. "Charlie told us a little about your past. With everything that has happened to you, would you do this? Would you release an immersion like this with you in it?"

"Yes," Teri says with conviction. "Assuming it is done properly, with the right person, knowing how profoundly it can affect people, I would. If I had someone like you, Rick, or you Todd—" Teri looks to each in turn. "—I'd want the whole world to know. I'd want to celebrate it. It is such a rare and wonderful thing that it would be a shame to hide it away from everyone. That's like buying a beautiful painting and putting it in a closet. It should be on display for others to admire and aspire to have."
