 Author's Note: Hi! Hi! Thanks so much to everyone who voted and responded to my last story. This is a continuation. It's probably two times longer than the previous segment. And I'll likely continue the story releasing one or two every week as writing practice. So, please leave comments to help me improve my writing. ^-^

XoXoXoXoXo

Running. Why was she running?

Ren scrambled across the brush of the forest floor, barefoot paws sliding along the excess of foliage littering the vicinity. She winced at the extraneous noise she was making.

It was coming. 

Ren flattened her ears. Her muzzle lifting to the scent the air, her fox nostrils becoming filled with scents. 

But they weren't right? 

Ren couldn't figure out why. But something was off, no not off- wrong. Something was wrong. 

The sound of crashing drove her into a sprint. Foxes weren't as fast as other shifters, but it wasn't a shifter. 

Wait, it wasn't a shifter? 

Why couldn't she remember?

Shit! How had she gotten here? Why wasn't her mate at least talking to her?

Her mate?

Something inside her screeched to a halt. There was something wrong there, too. But she couldn't remember. 

Damn it. Why couldn't she remember?

An electrical charge ran through her body- her psychic senses sounding an alarm. The thing was within half a mile of her, but it was constantly flickering on and off her radar from all directions. 

On some instinct, she backpedaled- managing to slip behind a tree before a harsh crack filled the, conveniently, clear area of forest Ren had been about to enter.

The thing- flashed into existence. 

Yes, the word flash tasted right in her canine mouth.

The way the magic shimmered in the air indicated a form of teleportation- but the word was off. Alice teleported. In fact, Alice had teleported her on occasion. Teleportation didn't feel like this.

Ren looked on as the flash dissipated and the form should have become clear. Should, it turned out, was the operative word.

Despite the lack of visibility, Ren felt the thing's aura grow with every second, and she had to let canine teeth dig into the tongue of her mouth to prevent a whimper from escaping. 

Wrong. It felt wrong.

She couldn't see it clearly- almost as if a clear fog overlaid the thing's form blurring its shape. But she knew, it wasn't supposed to be here. 

Somehow, she knew it wasn't supposed to be here. 

"Little one," the thing spoke, and Ren howled in agony- her fox ears flattening at the pressure. Get away, she had to get away.

"I have no quarrel with you, only your mistress," it began to move toward her, and Ren tried to move backwards hitting a barrier. 

Too much. The thing was too much of something. Ren just didn't know what that something was. But it was overwhelming her even at this distance.

Nevertheless, the thing kept coming. Taking what Ren imagined were slow measured steps- perfect serenity in its movements, perfect order. 

Order, the word resounded in her head. Bad. 

She tried to back up. She really did try. Fox shifters knew when to run unlike some of their other shifter counterparts. But she hit a barrier.

Srrck! The barrier made an ugly sound as it fried the back of her haunches. Ren whimpered at the new injury. 

The thing continued its advance. Its movements alien their perfection. 

When it was only a meter from her, something burned on her chest. And an anguished howl filled the air; with a start, Ren realized it was her. It was her sounding so broken- so raw. 

The creature's sereneness seemed to break in response, and it darted towards her its magic crackling in the air. Power so much power was rushing her- too much. It was all too much.

Ren woke up. 

XoXoXoXoXo

For a second, Ren just laid there staring up into her mate's eyes- her heart pounding. Her breath was coming in harsh gasps. 

Blaine was straddled on top of her, and his hands were clasped on her shoulders. His breath coming in short, ragged spurts while his body lay on top of her tensed. 

Under normal circumstances, the situation would have rather arousing.

Instead, she laughed. The laugh sounding strangled even to her ears before shoving him off the bed. 

He hit the ground with a rather satisfying thud- the small act of violence reducing her anxiety a bit. 

Blaine had woken her from what in all likelihood was a prophetic dream. 

Was her reaction to his help rational? Nope. 

Did it make her feel better? Absolutely. 

She began to giggle- hysterical giggles that soon turned into full out bellows of laughter- her entire body shaking with relief. By the time Ren was done and had opened her eyes, her mate sat across from her on the bed- watching her with exasperation. 

Yes, it was fortunate her mate handled her little idiosyncrasies well. 

When she'd fully calmed, Blaine finally spoke. "You want to talk?" he asked studying her with those beautiful blue eyes. "Or you want to play?"

"Play," Ren answered reaching a hand out to stroke his face. "If we have time, I want to play with you." 

The answer earned Ren a grin and quick swat to her butt. Ren yipped earning her an even wider grin from Blaine. She nipped his shoulder in retaliation. 

Strong arms wrapped around her shoulders, and this time it provoked a more sensual response from Ren. But the arms instead of pulling her closer, pushed her away asking, "Run or sex first?" 

"Run," the answer was out before Ren could think. And she blinked for a second perplexed at her choice. Her mate stroked his thumbs against her shoulders earning a groan.

"Love," he said looking into her dazed eyes. "You know, better. All shifters even fox shifters need to shift at least three times a month. When was the last time you shifted?" 

When she refused to answer, he sighed moving off the bed and standing up. She watched his chest muscles flex and resisted the urge to run a hand down said muscles until she reached the hairy patch between his legs. 

Her mouth went dry at the thought.

"Okay, well I'll join you in ten or so minutes," Blaine said letting a hand stretch out above his head. "I changed yesterday, so it's going to take me a bit longer than usual."

When she groaned, he arched an eyebrow at her as she pouted. "Don't worry. We'll get to the sex and," he drawled the last part to add emphasis, "punishment."

Ren's inner thighs unconsciously shifted against each other at the tone. The strange, itchy feeling of her arousal welling inside her. 

He turned towards her right before leaving the room- his nose flaring as her arousal permeated the room. 

"Ren," he said thickly, "hurry up." Ren heard a small crack and a wry grin stole over her face. She was going to have to magic the doorknob later. 

It was the third time he'd crushed it this month. 

Swinging her legs off the bed. She rolled her neck and shrugged her shoulders to relieve some of her tension- breasts achingly pressing against the bra she'd failed to remove last night. 

She unbuttoned the fly of her leather pants and frowned at the marks left by the tight material on her waist. With care, she stripped the tight material off letting out a sigh as it peeled away from her body. 

Then, she grabbed the tank top and flung it off leaving her in only her undergarments. For a second, she looked at the full length mirror on the wall, and then she unhooked her bra releasing her breasts. 

Few things were as instantly relaxing as taking off a bra. She only had C cups breasts at the very standard band size of 34. Frowning at the red marks along her chest area from the bra, she kneaded her breasts for a second to restore circulation- her eyes closing at the relaxing sensation. 

One of her fingers accidently grazed her nipple. And she gasped, eyes flying open. She checked herself out in the mirror as she tried to calm her breathing. It really was too bad she'd chosen the run over sex.

But wait. 

She let one of her hands drop to the mound between her legs. And she stroked softly letting her fingertips dance over the sensitive nerves. 

It would take Blaine about 10 minutes to go full wolf; furthermore, once the transition began- he'd have to complete it.

A werewolf who had changed recently was often able to shorten that time to five minutes. But since he'd transformed yesterday, he'd take long today.

On the other hand, Ren, as a fox shifter- had the lowest form changing time at an average of 30 seconds. Coyotes were somewhere in the middle at around 5 minutes. 

It was one of the few advantages she could lord over other shifters. You know, because she definitely wasn't going to win any strength or speed challenges against the wolves.

But right now, she was going to use that advantage to drive Blaine insane.

She retrieved the, mostly, scentless lube from her bedside table pausing for a second to rub a bit of anti-bacterial gel on her fingers which she wiped off with a cleansing toilette. It was important to keep things sanitary even if shifters weren't prone to yeast infections. 

But then, Ren had always been an exception type of woman not a rule. 

Smothering some lube on her right hand's index and middle finger, she laid back on the bed the silk sheets rustling against her skin. Oh, how she wished she could take her time. Unfortunately, she had seven minutes before needing to make her escape. 

You see, Ren's fox demanded she go on the run soon.

And if she didn't go on the aforementioned run, well, sometimes the change was spontaneous. You know spontaneous as in: "will happen suddenly with no warning". 

And if she was stuck as a fox for a couple of hours because the shifter part of her was pissed about being stuck inside her for so long; well then, she couldn't have sex. 

And she wanted, no needed to have sex with Blaine before they saw Snow. 

The problem was that shifters who had sex in their animal forms were considered depraved. In the shifter community, it was considered a form of bestiality. Not that other people's opinions mattered to Ren all that much, the more pressing issue with Blaine and her was that her fox was so much smaller than his wolf form.

In short, it was mechanically impossible which brought her back to her present situation.

She let out an oath as her right hand stroked her pussy- her vagina pulsing at the stimulation. When she did it again, her toes flexed, and she let out a soft sigh. 

It really had been too long. 

As she continued to stroke herself, she imagined Blaine with his blue glittering eyes above her. Her hands bound, and him stroking her in a casually possessive way while she whimpered. 

Then he would take two of his fingers and gently flick his fingertips against her clit. Saying nothing as she came apart into a dozen pieces during her climax.

Ren mimicked the imagination Blaine's motion with her own hands- crying out. "Blaine!" And because she wanted him to hear, she did it again crying out, "Fuck me, Blaine! Fuck me with your finger, damn it!"

Dimly, she heard her mate growling in what sounded like frustration from the room next-door. From experience, Ren knew the change hurt- but not that much. He'd definitely smelled and likely heard what she up to. 

Poor guy. 

But it was so rare that he was completely out of control like this. So rare, that he was unable to touch her at all. It was always the other way around.

So when the tables were turned, Ren found she didn't really want to give him mercy.

Dipping one lubed index finger into her folds, she slowly entered her vagina- gasping at the intrusion. Her muscles clenching around the finger in some sort of primal harmony.

Damn. She'd forgotten just how good playing with herself could feel. 

She allowed the finger to wiggle for second before withdrawing and thrusting said finger back in. So good. Ahhh. 

Her mate's growl seemed to increase in volume. And a blush blossomed on Ren's cheek. Ooh, but she was going to pay for this and, of course, love every second of it.

Still, she was on a time limit. So she inserted her index and middle finger this time making sure to curl her fingers up and to the front of her vagina grazing a particularly sensitive set of nerves. 

Her whole world shook for a second, and she took a measured breath before doing it again. 

Well shit. The spot was more sensitive than she remembered. 

She began moaning softly but as she continued she grew louder. She couldn't even here Blaine in the other room anymore. 

Slowly almost languidly, Ren dragged her fingers over the sensitive spot on her hood again and again. She imagined Blaine fucking her doggy style. Her arms braced in front of her and her breasts bouncing as she met him thrust for thrust. The sounds of their fucking a cacophonic disruption in the harmony of the forest. 

Wet, messy, chaotic- just the way she liked her sex. 

In desperation, she roughly grabbed her own breast with her left hand as she continued to stroke the spot in her vagina. Close. She was so fucking close. 

She took the thumb of her right hand and ever so lightly brushed her clit with her fingernail as she curled her fingers up one last time. The orgasm came then- the familiar white light blinding her for a second. 

As she came back down from her 7 seconds of bliss, uncurling her toes- Ren sat up noticing the howls Blaine was emitting from the other room. He had to be close to done with his change.

Wobbly legs moved her into sitting and then standing position. The room reoriented itself, and she moved into the foyer perturbed at her range of motion. 

Looking down at her legs, she noticed that she'd forgotten to fully take off the red lacy panties she'd been wearing. The one now coated with a thin layer of her own juices and cum. 

She shimmied said underwear the rest of the way down her legs before kicking them off in the foyer. Let Blaine find them. It was her little present to him.

Once she'd exited the house, Ren fell to her knees allowing the transition to begin. With surprising speed, it had apparently been longer than she realized- her fingers lengthened into big paws, and her body began to sprout a reddish-orange and white hair. By fifteen seconds, the transformation was complete

Her inner fox purred. 

Languidly stretching, she heard Blaine come up on the other side of her- her red panties hanging from the side of his mouth. The fox part of her saw a playmate, and the human part of her gulped.

Glittering alien eyes looked at her, Blaine's gaze contained a potent mix of frustrated arousal and the promise of retribution as he allowed the panties to float to the ground. But first, they would play. 

After all, it was only morning. They had all day to play before the ball. 

Both their eyes swiveled towards the forest as the wind blew the scent of a rabbit into their general vicinity. Ren took off towards the mouthwatering scent- Blaine following in his own languid lope. 

She crashed through the underbrush in search of the rabbit but was quickly distracted by a blackberry bush. Her stomach practically vibrated at the sight. 

Ren tore into a couple of the blackberries on the side of the bush. Her snout slowly becoming stained with the purple looking juice as she ate her fill. 

Once she'd eaten enough to satisfy, she noticed the odd wheezing behind her. Blaine stood there with an oddly amused expression on his platinum snout.

Ren suspected he was laughing at her. 

Full from the berries, she darted towards her mate nipping his hindquarters with a yip ready to play. She took off, and Blaine howled in response before beginning his pursuit.

Game on. 

Ren moved through the underbrush with an ease and grace only a smaller animal could manage. Blaine, as a much larger werewolf, was stuck crashing through the vegetation. 

Unfortunately, the woods ended, and Ren didn't have enough time to turn back. Instead, she plunged into the field ahead of them, and Blaine followed suit. Except this time, he gained on her. 

Eventually, he tackled her- both of them rolling to a stop in the open grassland. They roughhoused; Blaine taking great care not to be overly rough with her fox form, and they played a couple more rounds of tag. Before settling in the early afternoon sun for a short rest. 

Before Ren knew it, she fell asleep and was awaken by a soft nip to her hindquarters in the mid-afternoon sun. She nipped at said nose only to have a platinum nuzzle move under her and flip her. Ren mewled as her mate forced her onto her stomach. 

His nose, burrowed into the soft white flesh of her underbelly, growled a warning. She stilled. 

Once he was satisfied with her compliance, he hurried her fox form back into standing position. Then, he nudged on her hindquarters to urge her to start moving. Slowly, she moved forward, and they continued the achingly slow pace back toward the forest. 

As they reached the entrance to the forest, she decided to test his limits. Not because she was adverse to the inevitable conclusion of the herding, but because she enjoyed pissing Blaine off. 

It just made the sex even better. 

So, she darted to the side- hoping he'd been lured into a false sense of security with her compliance. 

She made it less than a foot.

In three seconds, his big, wolf body tackled her. He rolled her back onto her stomach to reinforce her submission before harshly nipping her underbody with a growl. 

She looked up at the platinum wolf straddling her small fox body. During their playtime in the forest, he'd succumbed to his wolf, and the sexual frustration had disappeared from his gaze. But now, as she lay under him- she noticed the human was back at the forefront. 

And damn, the sexual heat was scorching. 

He let her stand up again, and they continued their trek through the forest. But now, Ren was uncomfortably aware of her own growing arousal- a product of anticipation and the slightly rough treatment she was receiving. 

For his part, Blaine continued nipping and head butting her hindquarters to steer her until they reached the house they had both started at. He stopped her in front of her red panties, and she looked back at him. 

With two steps back, he began to change back into his human form. The process was always faster going from wolf to human, so Ren knew she didn't have long to wait. She'd finished her own change in 30 seconds. 

She had a sneaking suspicion that they'd trekked through the forest in animal form both to build her sexual frustration, and because he wanted to do something with the panties she'd left. 

Absentmindedly, her right hand slipped between her legs, and she stroked herself only to be stopped by a strong arm wrapping itself around said appendage. 

Blaine looked at her with a chilling flatness before asking, "Do you remember the safe word?"

"Halloween," she breathed looking at the pale arm wrapped around her own tan one. He smiled; but instead of finding it calming, Ren found the edge in the smile rather... titillating. 

She concentrated on slowing her breathing. Her breasts were already rock hard in the open air.

And it definitely wasn't from the cold.

"For this punishment," Blaine continued speaking while grabbing the red panties by an edge and dangling them in front of her face, "I'm going to gag you. So instead of using a safe word if anything becomes too much, I want you to send a fiery pinprick of magic through me."

Ren nodded, eyes never leaving her undergarment- entranced by the way the panties dangled from his big fingers which were now motioning for her to crawl over. She moved towards him biting her lip in anticipation. 

He stroked her black hair sighing before taking both hands and effectively gagging her with her own underwear. 

She wrinkled her nose at the smell. 

Leaning back, Blaine let one hand return to stroke her face- memorizing her expression. His eyes focused with an intensity that made Ren's entire body tense in anticipation
