 It was a dark night. And the emotion clinging to the city matched the dreariness. The darkness had come many years ago in the form of the wandering monsters. Somehow a rift had opened leaving a gateway to untold horrors. Monsters never imagined now had a foothold in this world. This city was no different than the other four , except this was the only one that was predominantly human. Two of the other cities belonged to the Elves. Another was Dwarven, and the last was near the Plains of the Centaur. In only a few months the cities had small, but successful raids, executed in an organized manner not anticipated by anyone. The hit and run tactic had been good for keeping the forces of Light from massing against any one group of raiders. So they decided to try to close the rifts. After closing one of the Elven rifts, the successful team was split up and sent to the other cities to offer assistance. 

The Elves sent the Humans four individuals. The leader was an Elven Druid. The rest of the team was a gnome mage, a man made of stone, and the mysterious Elven monk. They joined a contingent of human knights, mages, clerics and rangers. 

A month later they returned. 

Their returned to a sad city, knowing they would lift that veil in a few short moments. 

Their assessment was correct. 

Word traveled throughout the city within the hour...they had come back. That alone meant success. Even if more than half the party had failed to...

Sheila was the chambermaid assigned to The Monk. She was the newest addition to the staff, since the Queen thought her alabaster skin and auburn hair would fit the guest quarters well. She had a trim figure pulled taunt by the work offered to a servant. She smiled brightly thinking about how fun it would be to tell her family that she was picked as one of the girls chosen to take care of such important recipients to the castle's hospitality. Nervously looking down at her wringing hands, she awaited her turn to be introduced. 

"Master Phenjo may I present Sheila." said the Queen.

"Thank you Majesty, I will try bother her as little as possible"

Sheila wasn't sure she heard right. She had never had anyone think of her before...ever. It was so impossible to think that anyone would think that she would be busy with anything but her charge. 

"I do apologize Master Phenjo, I have to remind myself, I have been told you and Master Ambruce tend to be independent"

The large "Man of Rock", as he was beginning to be known as, tilted his head towards the Queen in acknowledgment.

"No need to apologize your Majesty, I'm sure I will find her guidance invaluable"

"Well, I certainly hope you would let me know if she is not..."

"Of course your Majesty." He swiveled his head and looked Sheila in the eyes.

Sheila was beside herself. With the obvious threat from the queen, she knew that if he where displeased in any way she may well find herself in the local moat. This person was a hero. A person who the King and Queen wanted to personally impress. A person who had just come back from fighting real live monsters, not just tales made to frighten children. But when she looked into his eyes she was pulled into the tea color hiding his thoughts...and she wondered...

Phenjo accepted the wishes of a restful sleep from the required individuals and his companions, then looked at Sheila after closing the door. 

"Do you wish to stay?" He asked while looking her in the eyes.

Once again Sheila was taken back by his interest in her choice. She looked into those eyes. There was no malice or jest in him at all. 

"I must Milord." she replied flatly. At that moment the thought that he might find her revolting, passed through her mind. He must find me vile, or at least not worthy of him. 

"No, you mustn't. I would not force you to do anything that you would not want. Even if it where what you where expected to do. I have been in this situation before...and I promise you I am quite capable of washing myself...I've done it a couple of times" and he smiled at her. Nothing condescending, or mean, just a smile. Pure as a beam of light. 

Sheila smiled. But she was still worried.

"Have I displeased you in some way, Sir?"

"Not at all. I am just offering you the chance to do something you might want to do. I know you are here for me. But I will be asleep soon, and you are not required to sleep with me, for any reason. Show me where the things are that I need and go do something fun."

Fun? She couldn't believe this. He was nice. She had heard that the Elves where beautiful, and he certainly was, but to be this caliber of warrior and considerate was nothing she expected.

Sheila steeled herself, looked him in the eye and said "Sir, I have no beau, and my family is not but my Mum and Da. I am new to the Guest Quarters Staff, and have no friends. I can think of nowhere I would rather be than here." 

He looked at her. She felt he was looking into the farthest reaches of her soul. Then she felt she was looking into his.

"Alright, bring a bottle of wine over to the table, you win." 

She bowed went to the wine case, pulled a bottle, and put it down on the tray next to the glass. 

"Two glasses" was all he said.

Surprised again, she put another glass on the tray, and placed it on the table. He pointed to the chair opposite, indicating that she should sit. Tentatively she lowered herself onto the seat. 

"First time?"

"I beg your pardon, Sir. I don't know what you mean." She heard him open the bottle, then pour. 

"Being invited to sit with your ward."

"...umm, yes Sir." 

"Well drink up, and relax. Do you have any questions?"

Great! He reads minds also. She decided, might as well have some fun before she was given her swimming lessons. 

"I do Sir. Why did your large companion refer to you as the "mysterious elf?"

After chuckling, and sipping some wine, he smiled and answered flatly, "Because I am."

"You see children love listening to him tell stories. Every town or village we go to, the kids love him. So he tells them tales about our adventures. I play the flute to ad atmosphere and he refers to me as 'The Mysterious Elf.' They sit there in awe every time."

"Well, okay...but why does he refer to you that way?"

"As I stated...because I am. Have you met many elves?"

"Yes, a few."

"Did you notice that I am rather large for an elf?"

"Yes, I did...but are you that much larger? I haven't met that many to know."

"Well for the most part I am. But the reason is that I am only half elven."

"...and the other half..." While putting down her empty glass.

"Dragon." Was all he said, as he refilled her glass, grinning the most predatory grin she had ever seen.

"Excuse me...but did you say you are half dragon, and half elf?"

"Yes, miss."

"But you don't look like...I mean you don't have any...umm...I apologize Sir." She dropped her head and started wringing her hands. Now I've done it...How long can you hold your breath girl? Time for a swim.

Once again he surprised her with his candor. "I know. It's magic" And he spread his hands in a dramatic fashion. This elicited a giggle from her and another grin from him.

"Oh, Sir, your just teasing me now."

"No, actually I'm not. My father is an elf and my mother is a bronze dragon."

"Then..."

"...I have a magic device which allows me to disguise my true form."

"And what all changes..." She was really hoping those eyes she was getting lost in, would still be the same. She could feel herself wondering what that true form was...

"Well, I look essentially the same...I just hide most of my obvious features."

"...most...obvious...?"

"Yes, I have scales...claws...some call me 'many teeth'...and of course horns. Now my eyes are almost never changed."

Damn mind reader! But then she started thinking about the other features...and she finally let herself go with the thought of him naked. She shivered a delicious group of thoughts. Not one of them was less than naughty...downright wrong! I'm a mere human chambermaid she thought. He's a hero...a tested and victorious warrior...and a monster. She had to squeeze her thighs together...it must be the wine...or maybe he can cast spells upon mere human maids.

"Are you vexing me with a spell, Sir?"

"Excuse me? Aren't you the bold one."

"Well I was thinking, if I am to be dismissed for any displeasure I may cause you...I may as well actually do something."

"How interesting...my Master used to tell me the same thing. At least do something. You are a very interesting young lady aren't you."

With that she blushed. Mind reading, compliments, wine, those eyes...her thoughts...her thighs.

"I never have been before...but I think the wine is..."

"...is what?"

She looked down again. "It has nothing to do with the wine."

"If I make you feel uncomfortable, I can just go to sleep on the floor. You can have the bed."

She looked at him in disbelief. "I couldn't..."

"Well okay, I guess I could go sleep out on the roof of the castle, if you think that would be to close..."

"No, I meant, I'm supposed to keep you warm...and look after you...and...your just teasing me..."

"Actually, no I am not. I realize I make people nervous in my true form. I am half monster. Trust me, the one thing I am very cognizant of...is how others react to me visually."

"But didn't the elves look at you special. I mean your mother is a dragon!"

"Well the dragons and elves have always treated me the same way. Indifference...until needed."

"That must have been a lonely way to grow up..."

"Thank you for the thought...but once I got to a certain age I realized I wasn't a very social sort. Dragons tend to be solitary critters."

"So how old where you?"

"Oh, I don't know...fifty...sixty..."

"How old are you?!?"

Another chuckle. "Ninety-seven."

Again, she looked at him stunned. Dragon things...wine...me...an older man...a monster. She couldn't stand it any longer.

"May I see?" She asked hopefully...wondering if she offended him would he just kill her himself. 

"Is that it? Are you sure you want to see. Some say I am the stuff of nightmares..."

"NO! No...I'm sure. Please."

He studied her. Letting his gaze fall on her like a beacon. The crisp auburn hair. The blazing blue eyes, showing the strength of will, he rarely got to enjoy. Her fair skin glowed of ripeness, seldom enjoyed. This one was the finest example, of human females he had ever encountered. She was fun. And tough. 

"If you're sure..."

He stood. She thought she might be drooling, but decided it must be the spell. She watched intently as he stood and took off his hat. She thought she was prepared. Not a chance. She gasped, and put her hand in front of her mouth. He stood before her in robes of bright blue and orange silk. His sleeve hung just past the elbow. And below it was a thick strong forearm...with scales over the top portion. As where his hands. They had claws an inch long and looking as if they could peal armor off of an opponent. Little did she know that just a few days ago, they had done that very thing, many times. She saw that his feet had claws also. Scales on the shins...and his chest. His chest was very large...and then she noticed some of the scales had scars. Great jagged bolts of healed tissue from many past battles. But then she looked at his face. He didn't have a snout...but his high cheek bones melded into one set of horns...and his forehead into another set. Both of which ended in rigid black tips. This contrast was very apparent with the bronze color of his skin and scales, occasionally broken up with stripes of a pastel blue, and his hair. She had never seen anything so interesting in all her life...and here she was alone with him...drinking wine...laughing...getting excited...a monster. Yes, she could certainly see how many would feel confronted by beast of the darkness...but then she looked in his eyes again. No monster there...although, she did wonder if he growled...

She felt so wanton. So unladylike. So...needy. She knew she wanted to be taken by this...beast. Now.

"Is the rest...the same...?" This time she looked him in the eye.

"Yes. Why?" And the grin.

May as well go for broke, she thought. "Because I would like to see it all."

"Really?"

"Yes, Milord." She said in her most subservient manner.

"Well, far be it from me to deny a lady's request."

"But Sir, I am no lady."

He leaned over the table giving her a good view down his shirt. Nice, she thought. Then she looked up...those eyes.

"No one is measured by their linage with me...only their actions."

She thought about this again. She reached up, kissed him, and looked in his eyes. "Then, I am yours...please show me."

He stood back up, and smiled. She thought her heart would melt. Not a grin...but a beautiful smile.

He dropped his robes. And she looked. She was amazed, even his penis had scales...at least the sheath did. Then she really got worried. The sheath alone as the size of her forearm...and she could only wonder what it housed. 

"Your turn." Was all he said.

She stood, untied four strings, and her dress fell into a puddle at her feet.

She stepped around the table, and held her arms out. He stepped around the table, into her arms...and they kissed...and kissed. She felt the talons, the sharpness, the strength. She new those blades on his fingertips could flense her with no effort...it only made her yearn for him more. She shivered again...only to feel herself moan into his mouth...on his forked tongue. She had never felt anything like this before...and she never wanted it to end. Then she felt the sheath rubbing on her mound. Her moisture gave him the lubrication needed to split her lips open...and she felt the scales on her clitoris. She could feel the sheath swelling between her legs. It took her breath away. She ran her fingers through his blue locks...and tentatively touched his horns. He pulled away from the kiss, and grinned at her confusion. Then in the blink of an eye, he had her legs on his shoulders, and his mouth wrapped around her vulva. She felt his teeth scrape across the top of her clitoris. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she thought about how he probably killed by biting, with this very mouth. And she had the most overwhelming orgasm she had ever imagined. Then he put both sides of his tongue on either side of her nub from below, and pinned it to the tips of his teeth on top. And she set on the crest of an orgasm that had her losing her breath...then another smashed her groin, making her grind her hips on his mouth and hold on to his horns for leverage. She could feel the claws digging into her buttocks...and she came again thinking how easy he could kill her. But the points felt like tiny feathers dragging over her skin with incredible gentleness. The orgasms kept slamming into her, which led her to the same with her hips. Until she couldn't stand it any longer...she had to feel more...needed to feel more. He walked over to the bed humming into her groin. He loved the way she would giggle. Tiklelish, he thought, how wonderful.

With no obvious effort, he laid her down, with the reverence of a blessed object. 

She looked into his eyes again. "Sir, please forgive me, but I have never been treated so gently before..."

The smile. "...and you didn't expect me to be gentle?"

"Well, uhmm, I'm so sorry."

"No need. I realize what I look like...especially to those who can't read what they see in other eyes. No worries, I will be gentle...until you ask me not to..."

She looked down as he crawled up on the bed, looking very much the dragon, with his fluid movements. Then she looked down further to his groin, and gasped. The sheath had expanded to the girth of her forearm. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. The scales on the sheath looked more like studs on leather armor...but studs don't throb on leather armor. Apparently, they do on dragons...or at least half-dragons. She knew this was going to hurt...but it was going to be a good one! She knew that there was plenty of moisture...but then she looked again, and saw the sheath open, to reveal more of him sliding out. The extension was a faint pink, and with it, the length of her forearm was matched. Apprehension crossed her mind, until it was replaced with the curiosity, and yearning.

"At least start gentle...and slow...for now..." and she gave him her prize winning grin. She didn't think she could match his ferociousness with his predatory grin, but she tried. He grinned back as he slowly slid a quarter of himself into her, and watched her eyes roll back in her head. 

"Ohhhh, the gods...that is sooo good! I have never...felt...oh, oh, my...OHHH, Master!" Once again her hips started slamming into his penis, driving more and more of him into her with each thrust. It only took a few to get half of him into her. She looked down and saw the sheath start to enter her and she came. As the start of her orgasm hit her she screamed her satisfaction. She tried to grab his upper thighs, as he twinned her legs under his arms at the knees. He pinned her legs back and held her still...then smiled. She was looking forward to waking up next to that wonderfully soothing smile...the kind that makes you know your safe. And in an instant it was gone...and she felt the throbbing. He wasn't moving any other muscle in his body. Staring into her eyes, he flexed the muscles in his groin, making the head of his penis rub over her cervix, massaging it. She came again. But this one was different...she was looking right into his eyes. As soon as she did, she had another idea. "May I be on top?" 

"Absolutely Milady. Grab my neck, and wrap your legs around me."

After she did, he straightened his entire body into a plank, lifting her off the bed. Then with what appeared to be a flick of his wrist flipped them both and caught himself in the same plank position, only now she was looking down at him. He lowered himself back until she was comfortable. She got her position and let her self slide down onto him, feeling the entire shaft stretch her innards, until she thought she would pass out. She put her hands down on his chest and felt a ring through his nipple, she never noticed it before. She was fascinated, and ran her fingertip over it. 

"No need to be shy now you can play with it."

She leaned down, driving more of him into her, and marrying her mouth to his nipple, and tugging on the ring with her tongue. The throbbing inside of her told her she was doing well. And she broke into what she knew was one of HIS grins, as she looked into his eyes. She would never look into a cup of tea the same way again.