 The doors of the Purring Puss burst wide open revealing a tall thin mercenary. He strutted in with a heavy leather sack thrown over his lean shoulder. The contents of the man's burden jingled and clanged, matching the distinct sound of gold coins. He headed for the bar and shouted "What do you drink in this dry, sand shrouded land?" 

"Beer and wine, stranger" the bartender replied as the mercenary crashed his sack of coins down on the bar. "Not the regular swill. I'm celebrating! What's the house special?" the mercenary boasted. While the bartender poured him a goblet of fine pomegranate wine, he grinned "We drink this in celebration of prosperity and ambition." The mercenary pulled a handful of coins from his sack and slapped it down on the bar. He took a large swig of his wine and smiled. "Perfect. On the subject of celebrations..." he chuckled, slapping down another fist full of coins. He spun around and casually leaned back against the bar. Many of the working girls had already gathered behind him, anxiously wondering which would be his choice. The mercenary took another mouthful from his goblet. While eyeing up his prospects, he remembered being examined alongside fellow sell swords before they were sent off to fulfil a contract. Each one bright eyed and excited for what the future would hold. As he regained focus, he shook his head clearing the memory and sharply swallowed his mouthful of now bitter wine. 

A bounty of beautiful woman stood before him. All colours, shapes and sizes; all ready and willing to please him. He was rich and in lust. His eyes lingered on two exotic courtesans in particular. His grin grew from ear to ear. Dacia had a swarthy complexion, piercing honey coloured eyes and long thick hair the colour of ebony. She looked youthful, in her early 20's he thought. Her round silky breasts barely covered by a sheer white fabric wrap; her taught stomach exposed. The same fabric was draped around her waist, scarcely covering her nethers. Salimah with her dark mischievous eyes, curvy body and ample bosoms, looked to be in her 30's. She was wearing a light leather bra and a sheer skirt with a slit so high, he could see her lips peeking out as if taunting him. 

But who to choose? He was torn. Then it struck him. Reaching into his sack, he pulled out a third handful of coins and poured them onto the table with the rest. With an outstretched hand he first pointed to Salimah "You" then pointed to Dacia "and you. Pick a room upstairs and ready yourselves for me." He finished his wine, placed a gold coin in the empty goblet, slid it to the bartender and asked "Where can I wash?"

Dacia and Salimah readied the room, as the mercenary bathed. They ensured the bed was neat; the sheets pulled taught. They fluffed the pillows and placed them neatly on the couch. Salimah had a steward bring up another bottle of wine. The two had worked together before, and quite enjoyed each other's company and touch. When everything was prepared to their liking, they talked excitedly of what they would do with their cut of the gold from this tryst and how much more handsome this man was than the normal riff-raff they usually entertained.

Stepping down in the deep sandstone tub carved into the earth in the back of the brothel, the mercenary's mind flashed again; this time he saw himself wading through a swamp toward a fort with his fellow mercenaries. Again, regaining his grip on reality he shook his head and focused on scrubbing the stains of battle off his lean muscular frame. As the caked blood and dirt scrubbed away, discolorations of cuts and bruises from his latest misadventure became more apparent, but they would heal in time. A few old scars crossed his body, but nothing disfiguring and not as many as one would expect on a seasoned combat veteran. He laid back and submerged his head to scrub the mats from his stringy brown hair. As he pulled his head from the dirty water and strained his hair he watched the bathroom door slowly creak open, revealing Salimah's curvy figure.

"Are you all nice and clean?" Salimah asked seductively. She sat by the edge of the tub, ran her hand down his soapy chest and into the murky water. He leaned over to kiss her thigh, then leaned back and relaxed as she grabbed his cock. He felt his manhood thicken as she lowered her hand to gently massage his testes. Salimah leaned over to whisper in his ear "The room is ready if you are, my lord." Her breasts grazed his shoulder as she kissed the back of his neck. He stood up tall in the tub, shoulders back and declared "Keenin. Call me Keenin." Salimah helped him dry off and responded "Thank you Keenin, my name is Salimah, but many of my friends call my Sali." 

As they headed back to the room, they found Dacia sprawled across the back of the couch; her legs spread wide open giving them a full view of her moist lavender crevasse. She softly moaned as she pushed her middle finger inside herself. 

"Dacia, this is Keenin" Salimah smiled.

"Pleasure to meet you Keenin" Dacia moaned as she pushed her fingers in again and again deeper and deeper.

"This is Dacia" Salimah said, turning toward Keenin, "She is easily excited."

"Excellent." Keenin proclaimed. "Where can I stow my things?"

"There's a wooden chest for you at the foot of the bed, I'll go make myself comfortable" Salimah said looking at Dacia and began to slip out of her robes.

"Don't let me keep you" Keenin replied, slapping Salimah's voluptuous ass as her skirt fell below her knees. 

With his gear safely stowed, Keenin stood to admire Salimah lapping up the juices flowing from Dacia's tender pussy. He sat down beside Salimah and placed his hand on her thigh; messaging it gently. Leaning in to join her in licking Dacia's dripping folds, he moved his hand up to her clit, and began to rub it softly. Their tongues touching as they ate Dacia together, Keenin and Salimah started to kiss passionately. 

Dacia began to make her way to the floor. She gently spread Keenin's legs and scratched her nails down his thighs. She licked up the base of his shaft before taking him all into her mouth. Keenin reclined on the couch as Salimah kissed down his chest and worked her way to the floor as well. She sat opposite to Dacia as they each licked up the sides of his dick, kissing one another when their tongues collided at his tip. Salimah kissed and sucked his shaft as Dacia used her tongue and teeth to massage his balls. They shared his dick between their mouths as he moaned in ecstasy. 

Salimah stood up, turned away from Keenin and bent over to show him her sexy posterior. She lowered herself onto his rock hard mast and bounced up and down as Dacia tongued her clit. Salimah threw her head back "fuck!" she screamed. Keenin's mind sharply shot back again. He heard that same cry from one of his companions as an arrow plunged into her ribs. He took cover behind his shield, huddled close to his surviving companions as they ventured forth and prayed not to end up like their comrades on the ground around them. 

"Oh yes!" She gasped, snapping Keenin's attention back to the task at hand.

Dacia kissed her way up Salimah's body, pausing at her ample breast to suck on her nipple.

"Perhaps we'd be more comfortable at the bed" Dacia suggested.

Keenin lay on the bed, Dacia mounting his thick cock and Salimah straddling his head, resting her swollen labia firmly on his mouth. The two whores facing each other began to kiss violently, their bodies writhing in unison. "Sali, I'm cuming!" Dacia screamed. "I'm cuming on his huge cock!" Her juices flowed down Keenin's balls. Dacia rolled off him and Salimah leaned forward to suck Dacia's cum from his dick. Keenin roared with pleasure. Dacia positioned herself behind Salimah, toying with her ass as Keenin continued to eat her. Salimah howled; her body undulating as her sweet nectar cascaded down into Keenin's mouth. 

Keenin flipped Salimah over so she was on all fours, facing away from him. He traced her slippery cunt with the tip of his dick before thrusting deep inside her. Dacia knelt behind Keenin, using her body to caress his as he repeatedly plunged into Salimah. He hollered as he drove himself again and again, deeper and deeper. On the verge of climax, he pulled out and placed the head of his throbbing member on Salimah's asshole. He ran his cock between her cheeks as he shot his seed all over her ass and the small of her back. Exhausted, Keenin collapsed back onto the bed. Once more, his memories gripped him. He remembered seeing the bodies of his companions littering the earth around him as he felt a heavy blunt rap at the side of his head and fell back into unconsciousness. 

When he opened his eyes he propped himself up to see Dacia lapping his cum up off Salimah's body. After she was clean, both women looked at him and smiled. They crawled over to him, nestling in on each side. 

"Thank you ladies" Keenin sighed.

Salimah chuckled. Dacia looked at Keenin, eyes wide with a shocked smile "You are not like most that come here." 

Keenin just smirked and said nothing.

"He's surly not. It takes a man of impressive prowess to take on two experienced ladies such as ourselves." Salimah cooed.

Taking a deep breath, Keenin relaxed and readied himself for slumber.