 The walk of shame, as it is often called, is bad enough on its own. It's even worse when you just did something sexually that you always considered sinful, perverted, and socially unacceptable. For Violet, these factors were compounded by her magical mandate to remain nude in her own apartment at all times. When she woke up, her hand was involuntarily massaging the central breast that her secretary and friend had grown yesterday. That Shona's third breast existed was a problem, but Violet was also psychologically compelled to enjoy every aspect of bosoms. She felt a tingle in her unmentionable regions just thinking about having groped that beautiful and yet grotesque feature.

It was 6:30 in the morning, so Violet felt that she should make an effort to freshen up. Her legs were a bit crusty with dried vaginal secretions and Shona's saliva, and she felt that the sweat she generated had given her a sensuous but socially awkward funk. In light of these things, a shower was certainly in order. When she entered her bathroom, a small red figure was perched atop the showerhead, grinning widely at her. Hamamelis was the source of her troubles, a demon bent on perverting the bodies and minds of all who came into contact with Violet. She came from a puzzlebox that Violet had almost accidentally bought at a curio shop in a redneck vacation area in Missouri. Hamamelis cursed her to inadvertently transform anyone she interacted with personally. She'd changed people sexually without meaning to, and now she felt as if she were under siege in her own home, a posh apartment in downtown Chicago.

"What are you going to do now?" Hamamelis asked.

A scowl developed on Violet's face. "I'm going to take a shower and then call in sick."

"You can't be a recluse forever!" Hamamelis teased.

"I'll do the best I can for now," Violet answered, remembering that her pastor was coming over later to undo the damage. She just had to make it until the evening. As she prepared the shower, she realized that she had no food. She had just come back from a vacation, and there was virtually nothing that she prepare with what she had. Violet didn't envy the pizza delivery person who would inevitably come over later.

After her shower and calling in for herself and Shona, Violet went to awaken her secretary. "Wake up, Shona. We need to figure out what to do."

Shona groaned, blinked, and then sighed, when she realized that she hadn't just had the most fucked up nightmare ever. Looking at the nude Violet next to her, Shona decided to lighten up the mood. "If I'm gonna go down on you again, you'd better lose the beaver."

Taken aback, Violet nearly shouted, "Hamamelis! I thought you weren't going to change her anymore!"

Hamamelis poked her head out from a light fixture. "I didn't." She put on her best innocence face, something that was not at all convincing.

"Relax, boss. Despite everything, I had fun. I don't want these," she nearly gasped, as she briefly hefted her abundant bosom, "but that was some pretty good sex! Now, don't you mistake me. I've had better with an old boyfriend of mine, but that was definitely the best girl-sex I've ever had."

Violet's blush was about the deepest she ever had. "Um, thank you? That was a terrible sin, though! I need to repent!" That blush was mostly in embarrassment, but a bit of it was excitement at seeing Shona display that enticing rack of hers. "I can't go through life looking at boobs! Homosexuality is evil!"

Hamamelis snickered.

"What?"

"Oh, you silly religious people, going on about that. Besides, you're not really homosexual. Just think of all of the handsome guys of the world, their powerful masculinity, their cut muscles, their tight butts, their oh-so-satisfying cocks! Just imagine one right now! It's proof of your bisexuality!"

Violet briefly did, and she was pleased by her mental images of beefcake, but she caught herself. "I'm not falling for it, your corruption."

Hamamelis bared a wicked grin. She loved the fundamentalists. It wasn't that she liked corrupting people in general. That wasn't really her game when it all came down to it. Still, people bent on following some set of arbitrary sexual mores were just too much fun to pass up. Convincing a straight guy with a sexually liberated attitude to engage in a bit of homoerotic behavior was never very interesting. The same situation with a fundamentalist religious person, though... That was always worthwhile. Watch them kick and squirm as they do things they hate, loving them the whole time. It wasn't the corruption at all. It was the torment.

"Anyway, Violet, I'm just saying that you should get with the times and get rid of the pubes," Shona said. "It's a common grooming standard, these days."

"Yeah, whatever. I think doing anything sexual right now would just be kowtowing to her."

"Okay, it's cool." Shona realized that her boss was in a mood. Still, she wouldn't mind doing what they did again. It did feel really good.

"Um, I thought we'd order enough pizza to make it through the day. You can stay here."

"Okay, but who answers the door?" Shona asked, realizing that what would normally be a rather mundane question had a great deal of gravity.

"I don't want to embarrass you anymore than you need to be, an innocent bystander and all," Violet said.

"Okay. What about the delivery person?" Shona asked.

"Oh, they get to see me naked. It might make some fellow's day. I think that a quick interaction won't do too much harm." Violet knew that she just had to make it until the evening. The exorcism should do the trick.

"Alright, boss. Your call." The two ordered online, getting enough pizza to keep themselves satisfied for a day and maybe breakfast. It wasn't the healthiest of choices, but that was not much of a factor for the temporary fix. After ordering online, emails were checked, and things seemed okay. Finally, there was a knock at the door.

"I've got it," Violet said. Breathing deep for courage, she stepped to the door in her birthday suit. She then opened the door to the delight of the young man before her.

"Sign here, miss." He was ogling her, and why not? Anyone who answers a knock from a pizza delivery man in the nude has to expect a certain degree of lewd staring. Most who would do so desire it.

"Thanks," Violet said, as she signed the receipt and received the stack of hot pizza boxes. She then shut the door, her face flush with embarrassment. Upon opening the first box, Hamamelis swooped down, apparently suspended by a tiny vine attached to the ceiling, and snatched a piece of pepperoni. This startled Violet, and she fell back on her butt.

"Oh chill out. I don't have to eat, but if I get to steal food this way, it is fun."

"Okay, what did you do to him?" she asked.

"The pizza guy?"

"Yes."

"I changed his ejaculation. If uninterrupted, he can ejaculate thirty feet in the air. Every orgasm, he will produce a full pint of spunk! Sexual congress will get very messy for him, but it should be a fun thing."

"Okay, that's not too bad, I suppose," said Violet.

"I'd like to see that!" said Shona.

"Shona! Don't encourage her!"

"I'm just saying. I mean, you can't tell with his change. I'm the freak here."

Violet just simmered for a bit. Food was eaten, and the two women decided to have a quiet day watching television and browsing the web. All was going well, until they heard a ring of the doorbell. That was bad. There weren't many people who would be able to get outside of their door to ring the bell, since the apartment had a good deal of security. Apartment personnel could, as well as fellow tenants. Violet approached the door to look out. Shit! It was Jenna. She had a grocery bag in one hand and a spare key to Violet's door in the other.

Jenna wasn't a fellow resident, but Violet did entrust her with a key, and she had developed a very friendly relationship with one of the doormen. Well, the relationship wasn't much as far as friendliness went, since they met in a club, and they occasionally just hooked up. Violet managed to retreat to behind the kitchen counter before Jenna opened the door.

"Hey Violet!" she called out. Violet temporarily kept her cover. "I heard you were sick today, so I brought you some stuff." Violet, resigned to the situation, raised her head above the counter level.

"Okay, but you really shouldn't be here!" Violet said.

"Oh, it's no worry. The weather was so nice, our boss let us all go. Why are you crouched in the kitchen?"

Violet sighed and stood up.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I caught you at a bad time."

"Well, I guess you could say that."

"It's alright, though. I don't mind nudity."

"Uh, yeah, it's not just that."

"Oh?" Jenna asked.

Suddenly, Hamamelis swung into the room from a series of strings hung from the ceiling. Each disappeared after Hamamelis finished brachiated from it. "Ta da!" she said.

Jenna barely stifled a scream. "What the fuck is that?" she asked, backing away from Hamamelis who had taken a spot on the countertop.

"Um, that, or rather she, is what's keeping me from work."

Hamamelis butted in, "I'm glad you consider me more than some object."

"What is she?" Jenna asked, letting her own curiosity get the better of her.

"She is a curse from that little box I bought in Missouri."

"Curse?"

"Yeah, you're not going to like it, but I think it's too late. Basically, whoever I talk to, Hamamelis—that's her name—changes in a perverted way."

"Um, you realize you're talking to me, right?" Jenna asked. Given the presence of a tiny red demon woman on the table, Jenna was prepared to believe anything that Violet told her, and she was certainly a quick thinker.

"Yeah, but I think it's too late now. It's why I didn't call you."

"Uh, okay. Perverted? What do you mean?"

"Well, you remember Shona, my secretary?"

"Yeah."

"She's here, and I'm sure she's listening. If she's willing, she can show you."

There was some shuffling in the bedroom, and Shona emerged, wearing a sweater and sweat pants. "I guess if you're the next victim, you might as well see what's up."

Despite her quick wit and reasoning ability, it took Jenna about ten seconds to register what happened. "I'm going to grow another boob?"

"Nope," said Hamamelis. "At least, not this time."

Jenna turned to the imp. "What then?"

"That's for me to know and you to find out!" she responded, finishing by blowing a raspberry.

Jenna started to move aggressively toward the tormentor, but Violet interjected. "Don't. I tried that, and now I can't wear clothes in my apartment." Jenna relaxed.

"Okay, I see."

"But please, you should leave, because exposure time seems to affect the severity of the curse."

"Okay," she said. "I'll leave you this sherbert, chicken soup, and 7-Up."

Quick good-byes were exchanged, and Violet turned to Hamamelis. "What did you do?"

"I'm not telling."

"Any hints?"

"Nope."

"Did you do something to her private parts?"

"Nope."

"Well, whatever you did, it wasn't apparent."

"Nope."

"Did you mess with her head like you did with mine?"

"Nah, hers is pretty perverted, and it wouldn't be that fun to mess with."

"It can't be too bad, then."

"That's where you're wrong. It's my most aggressive change yet!"

Some time later, Violet heard the apartment buzzer. She looked at the little screen by her door and saw Pastor Morris and his wife Isabel. Violet quickly hit the "Enter" button, and the two proceeded into the building.

"Who is that?" asked Hamamelis.

"Friends," Violet responded coldly.

"Uh huh. You wouldn't let friends in to see me."

"Well, I am, okay?"

"Uh huh. Well, I look forward to their visit then." Hamamelis had an unusual smirk on her face.

Soon enough, Mr. and Mrs. Morris knocked on the apartment door. Violet cracked it open, just enough to show her face. "Hi."

"Hello, Ms. Harlowe," Pastor Morris responded.

"Uh, the demon won't let me wear clothes, so I want to apologize for my state."

Pastor Morris blushed, and Mrs. Morris's eyes widened. Still, they came in. Shona kept hidden in the bedroom, not knowing what was going on. Violet figured that keeping her in the dark about this was for the best, since she didn't want Hamamelis to be able to anticipate what was happening. The two walked in, Mr. Morris trying to keep his gaze in a decent direction.

"Okay," said Mrs. Morris. "I went to a conference, and I think I know what to do. The demon isn't in your apartment; it's in you, so I must exorcize you!" She spun to face Violet, but suddenly Hamamelis perched herself atop Violet's left shoulder, staring coldly at the apparent contender. "In the name of Jesus Christ, Jehova our God, and the Holy Spirit!" she said, clearly controlling her own fear, since she did not expect any physical manifestations of demons, "I command you to left this woman!"

Hamamelis lurched and staggered backward off of Violet's shoulder. "You cannot stop me!" she shrieked back.

"No, but God can!" she nearly shouted. Pastor Morris was busy readying his Bible and an ornate cross. "In the name of the Holy Trinity, I command you to return to the depths of Hell from whence you came!"

Hamamelis expressed great fear, as she inched backward toward the coffee table. "Fuck your God!" she responded. The lights began to flicker in the apartment, and a strange haze manifested. "See my own power!" she screeched.

Pastor Morris thrust forth his cross, reciting the story of Legion the demon. "You too shall leave this woman! Be gone, foul spawn! In Christ's name I command you!"

Hamamelis hissed, as she hopped atop the Puzzle Box. The room was becoming choked in fog and the stench of brimstone began to permeate the air. "You are nothing in comparison to my power!" she spat. "Your God is nothing to me!"

"In the name of Jesus Christ, Son of the Almighty God, I condemn you to return to the torments of Hell, foul demon!" Pastor Morris again thrust his cross forward, and the room was blasted with bright light, as it shook violently. Hamamelis clutched her chest, groaning and screeching out. She collapsed to her knees and then fell, dead upon the Puzzle Box.

In seconds, the air cleared, only a slight sulfurous odor remaining. Various items in the room had clearly been perturbed by the quake, and Hamamelis' body lie slightly smoldering atop the her cursed box. Violet stared in amazement, and the Morrises were clearly impressed. Indeed, they seemed to be exhilarated by their success and their efforts.

"You want to talk about it?" Mrs. Morris asked.

Remembering that Shona was in the back and probably didn't want to come out, Violet responded, "No. I think I want to rest."

"All is well now, Child of God," Pastor Morris said. "We'll let you get some sleep."

With that, the two departed. However, a careful observer would have noted that Hamamelis carefully opened one eye in a squint as the two left. That same observer would have also seen the wicked grin that slowly grew on her face.

Violet turned back to the apartment, as Shona carefully eased out of the bedroom. Violet looked at Hamamelis who was lying still on her coffee table. "I think she's dead." She approached the tiny imp and kneeled before the table for a closer look.

And then, "Boo!" Violet fell backward in fright, and Shona screamed. Hamamelis got back to her feet and proudly put her hands on her hips. "That was fun, but I've seen better," she said.

Violet looked at the terrible demon and was barely choking back tears. "But, they exorcized you!"

"They tried to, yes."

"I saw you die."

"You saw me acting. Can I get an Emmy? I think that I could be the first to get an Emmy for both acting and special effects, don't you think?"

"It didn't work, then," Violet said.

"Of course not. I'm not part of Judeo-Christian lore. Besides, Baptists? Seriously? They couldn't exorcize a retarded incubus. They have no style. Catholics are a lot better at it. Well, both are as easy to defeat. More accurately, both are as easy to ignore. I just like to put on a show to make them go away."

Violet was about to say something about the power of God, but she held it back. Presently, the evidence was not on the side of God being omnipotent. "Damn."

"Yup, I'm pretty badass. Well, that was fun, and I think you should be punished."

"No, don't! I won't do it again."

"Of course you won't. It didn't work, and you're not that stupid. That said, you will likely be more pliable for me in the future. I'm adding a little something to your clothing restrictions. From now on, the only thing you can wear on your hips and legs are skirts and dresses that go no more than three inches below your crotch. Plus, you can say goodbye to that bush you sport around this apartment. It keeps blocking my view of that pretty little pussy of yours." Instantly, Violet's pubic hair drifted to the floor, leaving perfectly bald mound.

Violet felt awful. She was going to have to be even more slutty, and it was going to be hard to keep passers-by from viewing her really naked privates. This was not good.

"I will tell you what, though. Our relationship does need to change some. I am going to lift the main part of your curse, as long as you do some work for me."

Violet's face immediately brightened. "What kind of work?"

"Well, first off, we can't have you going around without some kind of curse, so I've devised an alternative. It's less intrusive, though that will depend on you and your willpower. I am giving you the ability to change breasts as you want. You can change any breasts you can see, but the catch is that you can only change them in ways that you want them to change. You like big boobs, now right?"

Violet nodded.

"Well, that means there's no making 'em smaller. You like perky tits and luscious nipples. You can't make them otherwise. You have to be careful then, because you won't be able to undo your damage."

Violet nodded. She could do without this power, but it was better than the chaos she was causing before. "You said something about a job, too."

"Yeah, I'm going to want you to run some errands for me, but I'll tell you about that in due time. For now, you should probably realize that you're going to go to your normal work tomorrow. I'll alert you to any jobs I want you to do."

"What about me?" asked Shona. "I can't go around with these?"

"Sure you can," Hamamelis said. "Dress conservatively."

The following morning, Violet snuck Shona to her house in order to find something semi-professional that sufficiently covered her triplicate assets. A stop at a drug store yielded some breast pads. After taping them onto Shona's nipples, they were good enough for the purpose of preventing nipple poking. When in the store, Violet was paranoid of her fanny, and looking at items on the bottom shelves was a terrifying task. She couldn't bend over nor squat for fear of exposing herself. She had to quickly get down on both knees, something that she was unhappy with, since it made her conspicuous in the sense of being odd. Fortunately, the trip was uneventful.

Violet managed to find parking in the garage beneath the company's building—something that wasn't always easy to do. The two women walked into the building and decided to take an alternate route to their offices. The elevators appeared to be very popular, so they took the stairs up the five flights necessary. In that building, the doorways for the stairs opened at the ends of hallways, where there were no offices or other busy places. Instead, on a typical floor, there were janitors' closets, store-rooms, and network server closets. It was from such a room that Violet and Shona heard a woman's moans. Whether they were from distress or pleasure, neither could tell.

"Should we take a look?" Shona whispered.

Violet paused, then said, "Yes." Violet thought that if was distress, then the woman would need help. The door to the storage room was locked, so Violet produced the key and opened the door, keeping herself on her toes in case of any potential violence. However, there was none, as it was Karen, the woman that Violet had accidentally given an extra tongue that resided in her vagina. That tongue was lapping away at her clitoris, while Karen rubbed a breast and worked a dildo in her pussy. Besides her shoes and socks, she was completely naked and apparently unaware of her new audience.
