 Authors Note: 

It's been a long time coming, but I finally have something else to add to this series I started just about 2 years ago. I didn't think it would take this long to get only 5 parts out, but life finds a way to get in the way. There are more parts planned, and I do at least want to finish off the story I've been building. So expect more, but more when, I can't say. Regardless, thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy.

Humaboo Anon

*****

She was a little girl again. In the blackness of the void, an impossibly tall window stood staring down at her. The star field outside shone with the brilliance of a billion tiny specks, each glimmering their own individual dance as they floated in her vision. But it was the one in the center that drew her attention the most. An yellow-orange sun, slowly growing in her vision until it occupied nearly half of the window. She couldn't feel it's warmth, but she knew it was there. She turned her head. Her father was there, smiling down at her. His tall frame silhouetted in the light of the sun. Only now did she realize how little she really was. Although it was strange, she didn't feel little. 

Looking down only seemed to confirm that fact. However despite the evidence right in front of her, she knew she was still just a little girl. She was looking back at her father now, only it wasn't her father anymore. He had been replaced, in the span of what felt like seconds, by the striking image of her mother. She wasn't smiling like her father. She looked... concerned. Not at her, but at something else. A tingling began to encroach on the back of her neck. Not unpleasant, but not welcome either.

Her mother seemed to be looking past her, behind her, with the concern growing on her face. The itch began to increase. It demanded her attention, compelling her. She willed herself not to listen, not to turn around. The desire was strong, yet she willed herself not to listen, not to turn around. The force was compelling, aching. Instead she focused on her mothers face. An air of disappointment had come to replace the concern. Disappointment in her stubbornness. Disappointment in her. She could hear her mothers scolding tones, even as her mouth remained silent.

It was almost taunting her now. And with an exasperated sigh, the image of her mother disappeared, rolling her eyes as she did so. The little girl panicked. The room, she now realized she was in a room, surrounding her became dark. The stars had dissipated. But not the yellow-orange sun. She clung to it, a desperate attempt to retain her vision. But despite it's powerful light, the room remained dark. 

She ran. A corridor, clad with white metal, stretched out to infinity ahead of her. Her fear propelled her down it. No feeling came from her legs, but still she ran. The tingling continued, an ever present sensation that just wouldn't cease. Something chased her. She couldn't stop, couldn't look back. To stop now certainly meant her end. Her heart pounded. She willed herself forward. Escape was all that mattered now.

The path was blocked. A door, gigantic, twice her size. It towered over her. She knew she had to turn and run as far away as she could. Her legs had other plans. She approached that door. A chilling feeling running down her spine as she did. Her hand began to reach out, inching ever closer to the door, disregarding her repeated mental pleas for it to stop. It was almost there now, her fingers so close that she could feel the coolness radiating off the metal. The door opened. A figure towered over her. A creature three times her size stood to greet her.

It had four legs of exaggerated proportions. Each one ending in a knife-like pointed claw. It's arms a mix of tentacled whips and blades. It's face, a terrifying oblong shape. It screamed at her, loosing an attack of its bladed appendages towards her. They narrowly missed as she dashed underneath it's broad body. Once again she ran. The thumping of her heart almost deafening the sound of the monster as it chased after her. The little girl darted down the hallway, following their twists and turns as she attempted to lose her pursuer. 

At last, a doorway, wide open and beckoning. Surely she would be able to lose the monster in there. The door opened up into a large, empty space. No matter how hard she tried, she could not see the walls. The door had disappeared, leaving only the void where it once stood. There was nowhere to run now, nowhere to hide. It was in the room with her, she could feel it's presence in the shadows. Stalking her, mocking her. Slowly the creature faded its way into her vision. She was paralyzed, unable to move, unable to scream. The monster lumbered it's way over to her, taking its time. It knew it had her trapped. Once again it lashed out a weaponized appendage at her. She slammed her eyes shut. Only a small whimper escaping her lips as she anticipated the end. It never came.

She peaked an eye open, expecting the worst, but no. The monster had fallen, a massive hole when through it's chest. Another figure approached her. He was as tall as her, pink flesh showing where his body wasn't covered and a matting of brown hair on top of his head. He smiled a smile that resonated through her. Walking over to her on two single jointed legs, he carefully slipped an arm around her back as he got closer. She was no longer a little girl. 

She felt him begin to caress her, feeling up every part of her body. Her clothes seemed to melt away wherever he touched. Her fear turned to excitement, then to lust. The man pulled her in close, kissing up and down her now fully naked body. His skin clashed with hers, creating a contrast that pleased her to see. He continued to feel her up, slowly leaning her back onto a warm pillow of clouds. He was on top of her now, kissing and caressing her body in a way that sent pleasant shivers streaking through her. She could feel his warm breath on her nape of her neck as he lay carefully on top of her. A deep kiss and then...

Tashaiea jolted awake. The melodic chimes of her alarm suddenly and unceremoniously rousing her from her dream. She rolled over and turned it off, feeling the tickling of John's hair on the back of her neck as she did so. His arm was wrapped around her waist, holding her close. His body heat transferring into her back, leaving her front comparatively cold. Tashaiea looked around to get her bearings. They were in her old room at her parents place, sharing the same bed that had just barely enough room for the two (considering John's bulk). Carefully she removed her sleeping partner's arm from around her waist and as quietly as she, slipped out of the bed. 

The last lingering remnants of her dream still floated around her head. 'Typical' the Kai'ani woman thought as she rose to her feet. 'Just as I was getting to the good part.' She considered waking John for an early morning romp, but it was already 0930. With only around sixty minutes to get to the doctors appointment her mother had made and demanded she go to, she pushed the thought aside. Besides, as much as it would be nice to finish what her dream had started, John was still quite out of it. Probably still a little drunk from the previous night. A small smile crossed her lips as she looked down at her sleeping Human. Last night had been the drunkest she had ever seen him.

It was nice to know that there was indeed a point where he too could become too intoxicated to walk straight. She would definitely tease him for that. However until then, she had to get ready. Tashaiea rifled through her bags (they still hadn't bothered to unpack yet) and eventually produced an unassuming beige and gray long sleeved shirt with similar enough looking pants. She threw on a bra and a fresh pair of underwear and donned her chosen attire for the day. She liked this particular shirt. She had owned it for as long as she could remember. She wasn't really sure where she got it, and she had never been able to find one like it since. It was just the right amount of looseness to fit well, but with the comfort and mobility that she required. And the colors were about a modest and modest could be.

Tashaiea found it a little amusing that she would choose a piece of clothing that was as familiar to her as the house they were staying in. Even though she had been away so long, it seemed like nothing had really changed. Well, except for the alien she was no sharing her bed with and the lack of all her stuff cluttering the floors. Giving one last look at her sleeping Human lover, Tashaiea exited her room as quietly as possible. The sun, which was still making it's way over the trees of the valley, shone it's warm light down the hallway as she made her way to the kitchen. The eating area was empty. Her mother would already be at her office, and it appeared that her father and Kesse had still yet to get up. She was alone, if only for the moment. Tashaiea walked over to the stasis food storage, basically just a more advanced refrigeration unit, and put her hand on it's smooth gray face. It was almost an instinctive reaction when she brought up the menu interface and requested a glass of mixed fruit juice. 

It was something she had done an innumerable amount of times in the past. Within a few seconds a compartment beside the unit lit up and opened to produce and perfectly chilled glass of juice. Tash brought the glass to her lips and let the refreshing liquid slide down her throat. It was like drinking a memory. Another reminder of the life she had left behind. Indulging in another few moments of reflective bliss, the young woman moved herself to the center table, taking a seat and grabbing a handful of dried Kreay berries. Most likely a morning snack that her father had left out. It was something he had always done for his family. Tash was glad to see that the tradition hadn't stopped in her absence.

The table sensed that she had sat down and projected its interface along its surface. A message from her mother flashed at her.

'Tashaiea, I've scheduled a personal transport to take you to the clinic. It will arrive at 0975. I've also added a transit exception to your personal account so you can take priority transit back. It will be valid for the rest of the week. I expect to see your results when I get home.'

The message ended with her mothers signature. Tashaiea taped on the menu that she acknowledged the message and closed the overlay out. 0975... it was already 0965 so she only had a little time left before her ride would be arriving. She gulped down the rest of her juice and shoved a few more berries in her mouth before dropping her empty glass in the sanitizer. With a final check around the kitchen reaffirming that she wasn't forgetting anything, Tashaia grabbed a small shoulder bag and her shoes and headed out the front door of her family's house. She didn't have to wait long before her automated transport vehicle rolled up. 

She walked over to the red and orange clad vehicle and placed her hand on the window. A display sprang to life, confirming her identity and reservation. Tashaiea removed her hand and the side of the vehicle slid open. She threw her bag into the inside storage compartment and slid into the seat. The door came back and closed with a barely audible click, enclosing the young woman inside the small but spacious interior. The vehicle was a two-seater, allowing her to stretch out a little bit more thanks to the extra room. The clear dashboard display informed her that the vehicle was set and ready to get under way as soon as she was ready.

Tashaiea acknowledged that she was and leaned back as the personal transport began its slow acceleration forward towards the main roadway. The trip wouldn't be a very long one, just to the other side of town. But that did little to quell the growing nervousness that was starting to manifest itself. She was certain she was fine. In fact she had never felt better. The last few months of traveling with John had been the best of her life. Seeing the sights, meeting new people, trying new things. And not to forget the sex. It was all something she had dreamed about but had come to accept that she would never be able to do.

Now instead of sitting along in her crappy apartment on a planet that seemed to hate her, going nowhere in life, with a job that barely paid the bills, masturbating to a fantasy with her VR equipment, she was actually being fucked by one. However that fear that maybe she had been a little too hasty, too eager had started to manifest itself. The thought that her mother was right, that John's concern was right, continued to gnaw at her. She had to be fine, right? By the blessings of the Lightbringer she better be alright. Because she wasn't willing to give up what she had so recently acquired. Not easily anyways.

The vehicle rolled to a stop a short time later after departing the main roadway and turning into the medical district. It's dashboard display alerting her to the fact with a pleasant chime and message. Tashaiea retrieved her bag and shuffled herself out as soon as she had cleared enough height to do so. She emerged to face the impressive angular geometry of the Vakal-Hess Urban and Regional Medical Offices. With an internalized sigh, the young woman urged herself forward. The general medical clinic was on the lower floors, with an entrance flanked by flowering trees and mosaic like landscaping.

Thanks to her mother however, she would have an appointment with a specialist. Instead of heading into the clinic, Tashaiea turned to walk down the smooth cobbled stone path towards the offices entrance. Sure enough as she entered she was greeted with the calling of her name. Her identification would have been read as soon as she crossed the threshold of the door. The appointment coordinator, and older gentleman, gave her a warm smile as she approached his desk. Tashaiea tried her best to return the gesture.

"Madam Tashaiea, your appointment is ready." He said with a quick glance at his computer's screen. "No need to wait. You can head straight up. Office five, floor ten."

The young woman thanked the coordinator and headed towards the lifts. She entered one without incident and before she had realized it she was on her way to the tenth floor. It didn't take more than a few seconds to reach its destination. The door opened up to reveal a long hallway bathed in the natural morning light. A massive window, stretching from floor to ceiling and running the length of the hallway provided the illumination. Tashaiea could see bits and pieces of the town from here, but not much. Mostly it was just a view of the valley. Her destination was about a third of the way down the hallway. She counted the offices as she past, eventually arriving at hers. She stopped in front of it and placed her hand on the panel display beside it. 

It lit up and chimed, confirming her appointment and identity. The door opened with barely a noise, inviting her into the room that lay just beyond. A pair of small, cushioned chairs separated by a table stood to greet her along with several other decorative knickknacks along it's pale blue walls and natural stone mosaic floor. Tashaiea took a seat in the chair that was farthest away from the other two doors that stood along the walls now opposite her. Her nervousness now ceased, instead it became an anxious calm as she sat fiddling with the seams on her bag. The office was so quiet that Tashaiea nearly jumped out of her seat when a voice filled the room.

"I'll be with you in a moment." The woman's voice said over the intercom system.

Tashaiea was about to respond but decided against it. Not seeing much of a point since she would just be talking to herself. The voice could clearly see that she was there, so talking back was just redundant. True to her word, another minute or two passed before the left most door to her opened. A middle aged woman in a blue doctors suit emerged with a smile. Tashaiea immediately recognized her. It had been maybe three years since she had seen Vakal Kenta Nialaiea (or simply Nialaiea since there was no need for full names with family), her mother's cousin.

"Tashaiea! It's good to see you again!" Nialaiea said, greeting the younger woman with open arms. "It's been so long! I heard that you were back in town visiting. How have you been?"

Tashaiea stood and accepted her aunt's invitation for a hug, briefly embracing before responding.

"It's nice to be back home again. It really doesn't seem to have changed much since I've been gone. Also I'm fine, regardless of what my mother says." Tashaiea said, making sure to accent the last part.

"I never implied you weren't." Nailaiea reassured with a smile. She sat in the second chair and motioned for Tashaiea to sit as well. When she had done so, her aunt continued. " It's good to see you back home. I was a little disappointed that I wasn't able to see you before you left. But that doesn't matter now because you're back, so we have plenty of time to catch up." Her aunt said, trailing off for a moment. "Oh, and on the subject of changes, they added a new plaza to the south market district. The town wants to try and pull in more out of region investments so they had it built a few months ago. It's really a rather nice area. You should take your new mate there. I can recommend a few places to see." The older woman said with a welcoming smile.

Tashaiea frowned. She knew she really shouldn't have been surprised but a wave of nervousness washed over her regardless. "Oh... so you know then?"

"Of course I do." Nialaiea chuckled. "You should know how hard it is to keep secrets in this family. You've caused quite a stir you know. Besides, it's the whole reason you're in my office."

"So, what do you know?" Tashaiea asked reluctantly. Her aunt's seemingly cheerful demeanor doing little to settle her uneasiness.

"Only what you mother, quite hurriedly I might add, told me." She said, sitting back and shaking her head. "Interrupted me right in the middle of watching a movie with my son." The older woman let out a sigh. "If Shel'Vahn wasn't my cousin AND my boss, I would have just ignored her. But no, you don't ignore a priority call from the Regional Administrator of Health Services. I had to rearrange my whole schedule for today since Cahl'Hen is in Hokam with Vansil, so I had to get a guardian to watch Malsse before I ran off here..."

Tashaiea dropped her gaze, opting to instead to look at the mosaic tile covering the floor of the room. When it appeared that her aunt had made a pause in her rant, Tashaiea spoke up.

"I'm sorry." She apologized as sincerely as she could. "I didn't mean to mess up your day."

"Oh Tashaiea it's not your fault." Nialaiea quickly retracted, leaning forward to take one of her nieces hands in hers. "I'm not mad at you. I'm annoyed at your mother but I'm not mad at you. You're family, I would have made time regardless. I'm sorry about going off like that. You're here for a very good reason and I should have respected that." Nialaiea let go of her hand and stood up, motioning for Tashaiea to do the same. "Here, come into my exam room and we can get started."

The older woman headed towards the door beside the one she had originally emerged from, pushing and holding it open so Tashaiea could walk through. It was a pretty standard private medical exam room. A couple of monitors hung from the walls along with various drawers and cabinets. A fairly comfy looking padded exam chair sat in the center of the room, flanked by a second more mobile chair. There were no windows but the strong white overhead light more than made up for it. Nialaiea ushered her to sit in the exam chair, plopping herself down in the mobile chair as she did so. She fetched a small tablet device from a nearby drawer and turned to face her niece.
