 Sandy knew she had to do this; but god she didn't want to. She knew that firing a gun, or knowing how to fire a gun was going to be part of her job. If she wanted to be a police officer like her father, she had to bite the bullet and just do it. 

Sandy didn't care if she worked for the lunar patrol or if they shipped her off to some colony millions of light years away. But she knew she wanted off world. And to do that...she'd have to master her guns.

It's not that she disliked guns. On the contrary, they fascinated her. From a distance. Sandy always felt if she needed a gun it was a sign of failure. Proof that she'd failed in containing the situation. An officer should rely on their brains, not their brawn, to solve a problem.

Having spent the last year ferociously studying for prelims she'd neglected her training in firearms. So she signed up for a private lesson with the cadet range. Some poor flunky was going to get the pleasure of giving her first lesson. 

Sandy opened the door to the range and groaned. He was there. The last man on the planet she wanted teaching her how to fire a gun.

Jacob Stanley. The biggest pain in the ass registered at the academy. If anyone could be accused of depending on his brawn instead of his brains it'd be Jacob. He was the storm in, make a mess, and figure out the rest later type. No capacity for subtlety and stealth. Not to mention the fact that he was dead sexy, knew it, and used it to his advantage in every potential scenario. He made her hot just looking at him. And it pissed her off,

And here he was, working the training yard. 

Great. She was going to learn to shoot a gun with hard nipples.

On the bright side, if anyone could teach her how to use a gun effectively it was probably this juice head. He stood there, firing off several rounds, his bulky arms barely shaking with the kickback. He stood a strong 6'4", towering over her slighter frame. He had a traditional solid round semiautomatic pistol in his hand, the empty shells flying out as he continually squeezed the trigger. 

He barely flinched, which irritated her. One of the reasons she avoided this was the certain probability of the smallest gun sending her to the ground. But for him, it was just the smallest of shudders, making it the one area where he excelled over her. The shithead probably signed up for this training session because of that very fact.

Jacob finished his clip and lowered his gun before seeing her standing there. He took off his eye and ear protection, and smiled. 

Sure he was smiling, she thought. The asshole was probably eager as hell to show her how awesome he was with a gun. "Hey Sandy. You ready to feel the power?" He grinned, his sexy grin making her shiver. Was he flirting with her? Sandy shook her head. Flirt with her? Yeah right. This guy couldn't see past tits and ass, both of which Sandy only had in modest supply. 

"Let's just get this over with, Stanley." Sandy picked up the nearest gun and stared at it, not knowing which end was up.

"Whoa...be careful!" Jacob it from her and slid the safety on. "Jesus, you could get someone killed. How the hell did you get this far in the academy without learning to use a fucking gun?" 

"Because a good cop doesn't need a gun, Stanley. She needs this!" Sandy tapped on her temple rolling her eyes at him. 

"Yeah, well I seriously doubt this," Jacob tapped on her other temple, "will get you out of a firefight alive."

Sandy didn't respond. It's possible he was right; some people were incapable of negotiating. She knew that. But she refused to go into a scenario expecting to draw a weapon.

"Prepare for the worst and expect the best. It's usually how I roll." Jacob smiled that damn smile again. How did a guy get such white teeth anyway? And weren't those dimples against regulation? 

Sandy pulled back her shoulders, sighed deeply and put on a cordial smile. She had to do this. And part of her, the reluctant part of her, had to admit he was right. She didn't want him to be right, but he was.

"Ok, Stanley. Here, you're the expert. So tell me everything you know."

"Wow." His eyes widened and he laughed. "Man, I wish I had a tape recorder right now. I'd play that over and over until it died."

Sandy's eyebrow arched with underwritten cynicism.

"Ok, ok...but please, just call me Jacob. Or Jake. Whatever. I know you're Miss policy and procedure, but can we put that aside for the day?"

"Sure." Sandy tried to smile back at him. He was trying to get along with her. And it was making her feel like an ass for holding onto her skepticism.

"Great." There they were again, those stupid little dimples. Dammit. 

Maybe what she didn't like about Jacob was his unassuming looks; that deeply gorgeous face and body that affected her despite her most sincere wish she could remain untouched by them. He had every girl in the academy swooning after him, acting like idiots to get his attention. And Sandy was determined not to be one of them. Which is probably why he irritated her so fucking much. Because she could...she could be one of those girls so easily. Knowing that frustrated her to no end.

Jacob began spewing information out like a living encyclopedia. She couldn't help but be impressed. He sounded like her talking about regulations and procedure. This was definitely his area of expertise. Sandy crossed her legs, trying so hard not to let this surprising intelligence turn her on. 

Dammit. Double dammit. 

It was so much easier to dislike him when she was convinced he couldn't hold a milligram of thought in his head.

"I'm starting you out with basic hardware. It's better to master old tech before moving into the energy weapons. These babies are easier to control and you can work on your aim as well as timing." Jacob handed her a small gun. It looked small in his hand, but it easily dwarfed hers. Her eyes widened in fear when she felt the weight of it in her hand.

He saw her reaction. "Don't be afraid of it. You're in control. Always remember that. You are the weapon, not the gun."

She looked at him, surprised at his words triggering a less than thoughtful response. "You're not as dumb as you look."

Jacob's body shook with laughter. "Why thank you, Miss Denton. I will accept your compliment."

"I..." Sandy tried to apologize.

"No, it's ok. I know you think I'm some dumbass who has no business being here. And if you weren't such a damn good cop, I'd probably take exception to what you said."

"You think I'm a good cop?" She couldn't believe what she was hearing. A compliment? From Jacob Stanley?

"Oh don't act coy. You know you are. If anyone could get through a mission without using a weapon it's you. But you've got to remember, the bad guys aren't going to play nice. So you have to be prepared for it; and maybe even get a little dirty yourself." His eyes flitted to her lips sending warm shivers up her spine. 

Sandy coughed and turned toward her target, effectively ending their conversation. She was in danger of swooning, and she'd be goddamned if she'd be like those other women, falling at his feet. She was better than that and he better get used to the idea. Now.

Jacob got the hint and turned back to the task at hand. He knew Sandy was afraid of guns. And he understood. Everyone knew about her father though no one really talked about it. Sergeant Denton died in a firefight when Sandy was only a teenager; Denton's prowess may as well have been legendary at the academy. He'd saved six officers by sacrificing his life. 

Her father's death had to be forefront on Sandy's mind. It's why Jake volunteered to be her training partner. He didn't want her losing her cool in front of anyone else; if it got to her, it might break her. And she was too good of a cop to lose to her own fear. In her own way she motivated him to think first and use his brain more than his brawn; he wanted to return the favor. Though he'd be damned if he told her that.

"This is a basic Ruger .22 pistol. Go ahead, feel its weight." 

Sandy held it in her hand, getting used to its weight. It wasn't so bad once she got it in her hand. She looked at the gun he'd been firing with. It was huge. Twice the size of the Ruger.

"What's the one you're using?" She didn't want him taking pity on her just because she was a chick.

"Oh, you don't want to use that one, baby. That'll knock your ass to the ground." Jacob laughed.

She didn't know what scared her more, the fact that he thought he could call her 'baby,' or that she enjoyed it. Better to not think about that.

"This one has a lot less kick; more proportionate to your strength." Jacob turned her around so her right shoulder faced the range. They were the only ones there. Most other cadets had mastered wielding their guns, moving quickly on to energy weapons. But not her. No, this was something she'd put off until she absolutely had to. 

Jacob pulled her arm up, bringing her less dominant hand up to support her other hand. "Knowledge is power, right?"

Sandy blinked at his statement. She constantly harped on her fellow cadets to bulk up on the know how. Knowledge is power, she would say, borrowing the words her father often repeated. 

"Right, so know your gun. Know your weapon as well as yourself. See how long the barrel is? The length of the barrel helps keep the aim of the bullet accurate as it travels down range. The bullets are smaller, having a greater muzzle velocity, so they'll go further, traveling up to a mile. And they move fast, faster than the larger .45 rounds. Kinda' like when you zipped past me on the obstacle course. You got that?"

Sandy nodded and repeated everything he said verbatim. Knowledge she could do. Knowledge she could control. She let the certainty of it calm her as she held the small weapon in her hand. 

Jake could see she was feeling more in control and smiled. He'd thought long and hard about how to approach this lesson. He knew overflowing her with information would focus her brain helping her relax and giving her a sense of control. What he hadn't realized was how his body would react to her proximity. The smell of her hair, the heat from her skin. She smelled like honeysuckle in the summertime. Intoxicating. It was making him crazy. 

He took a deep breath and wrapped his arms around her back, holding her in case the small kick of the gun was too much. She was so tiny, 5'2" and full of fire. She made him want to protect her, guard her from any possible discomfort. Jake shook his head trying to dislodge the feelings running through him. Lustful or otherwise. 

Sandy looked down range, her eyes focused on the target in the distance. She felt Jacob's arms around her, trying not to let them affect her focus. He was surprisingly gentle when he held her in place. She always took him for such a bumbling idiot, it surprised her. 

She thought she had her body's response under control until he bent his head down and whispered in her ear. 

His lips were just a hair's breath from her earlobe. "Now pull the trigger."

Sandy let out a loud shout as she felt the impact of the Ruger sending the bullet down range as it emitted a ball of fire. The explosion shook her small body into Jacob's, forcing her against his strong body. Adrenaline rushed through her body, making her heart pound and her nipples harden. 

She dropped her hand and took several quick deep breaths. She looked up at him and smiled. What she saw in his gaze surprised her. 

Heat with a fair amount of lust swam in his deep blue eyes. Sandy turned away quickly not wanting to become too overwhelmed by what she was feeling. It was just the gun, the adrenaline, it had to be.

"Wow," she laughed, trying to break the tension. "Does it always feel like that?"

"It's never quite as intense as the first time. But yeah, there's always that rush."

"It's...wow." She let out a deep breath and met his eyes. This time there was no running from it. She saw his lust there, powerful and brooding. And she felt it in her own body, controlling her heart beat and her breath. "Show me again." 

Sandy turned her body so she fit snugly against him, letting him bring his arms around her to hold her still. The kick from the gun wasn't really that bad, but she didn't tell him that, not wanting him to move his arms away. If the lust in his eyes was any indication, maybe he didn't want to stop helping her either.

He held her against his hard body, his arousal pressing against her back. She didn't know what made her hotter, the adrenaline from the gun or Jacob's taut and aroused body pressed tightly against hers. She could feel his heartbeat vibrating into her back and his hot breath against her ear as he told her to fire the weapon.

She emptied the clip into her target finding the Ruger surprisingly easy to aim. Jacob flipped a switch and brought the silhouette into view. She'd hit the center twice, all the other rounds had at least hit the target. It was awesome.

"Damn, girl. You're a natural aim." Jacob chuckled.

"I did shoot a bow in college. I'm not without some experience." Heat exploded in her face over the double entendre. 

"Really?" Jacob laughed, not missing why she was blushing. His eyes smoldered with heat. "I don't suppose you want try handling my gun?" 

Sandy's eyes widened. "Your gun?" She choked on the words.

"Yeah." He pulled her back into his arms and pressed his Glock .45 into her hand. "I know it's big, baby, but I'll help you absorb the kick." 

His words were as arousing as his hard body enveloping hers, pressing her tighter than when she held the Ruger. He bent his head down to the crook of her neck, blowing gently against her skin. She swore he kissed her lightly before he ordered her to fire.

The gun exploded, sending a wave of energy coursing through her body. Jacob's arms tightened around her, his gentle laughter tickling her ear. She couldn't speak, could barely breath from the rush of adrenaline flowing through her body. 

She finally managed to choke out, "Oh...my....god!"

He was still holding her against him. "You ok, baby? I know it's big..." 

"I wanna do it again!" Sandy declared, not waiting for him before firing. The rush that wound through her body was almost orgasmic. Before she knew what was happening Jacob's hand came up to her breast, pulling on her right nipple, sending shots of arousal matching the adrenaline from the gun down her legs. Combined with the amazing kick of the gun his ministrations caused tension to build at her most inner core. The next round sent a rush through her, release flowing from her body, moistening her panties.

"Oh baby," he cried out, burying his face in her neck. "Was that...what I thought it was?"

"Oh god!" Sandy dropped the gun in mortification. She'd just fired a gun to orgasm. With Jacob Stanley. She was so disgusted with herself. Sandy tried to disengage herself but he held her tight. 

"No, you're not leaving until you tell me what just happened." His voice wasn't mean, but stern and demanding like his arms keeping her pinned against him. "I need to know that wasn't unwelcome."

"I can't..." It would be mortifying. To admit she wanted this man would be the ultimate mortification. She wasn't supposed to want someone like this. Not the gorgeous man every woman lusted for. It wasn't her...she was better than that, dammit. Wasn't she?

"Why?" Jacob's voice was angry when he pulled away from her. "Because you think you're so much better than me? Denton's beautiful daughter's too good for a Stanley?"

"What?" Sandy asked, shocked. He thought she was beautiful?

"I know you're too good for me, dammit. I just thought maybe...ah hell, never mind." Jacob started cleaning up the used shells from her firing frenzy. 

"Wait. What do you mean I'm too good for you? You're the one who walks around campus like you're god's gift to women for chrissakes!"

"I do not!" Jacob argued, his cheeks flush with embarrassment. He took a deep breath, calming himself. "Listen, I don't want to argue. I just want to know if you felt it too. Was I imagining what just happened?"

Sandy looked at him and took in what she saw. He was so unassuming, genuine entreaty in his eyes. Was it possible she'd been wrong about him this entire time? Sandy looked back on her memories of him. Women did chase him, but she couldn't remember him ever openly making an ass of himself around them. 

She took a deep breath and looked directly into his eyes. "No, you weren't imagining it. It happened."

Flames licked the corners of his pupils. "What happened?" Now he was demanding, supplicating. Forcing her to say what they both knew.

Sandy gasped, the demand in his tone arousing her again. "I came."

Jacob pulled her against him, looking down at her face a foot beneath him. "You came? Was it the gun that made you come?"

"Not just...the gun," she choked out.

"What was it, Sandy? Say it!" Jacob reached down and clasped her buttocks, raising her body against his hardness.

When she said it, her voice was a delicate whisper. "It was you, Jake." 

He groaned in pleasure, grasped her hair in his hands, crushing his mouth to hers. She tasted like honey on his tongue, her body soft and delicate in his hands. The combination was heady. Intoxicating. 

Sandy reached up and wrapped her arms around his broad shoulders, leaning into him and returning the kiss. They stood like that for several long minutes, tasting and teasing each other, exploring and reassuring.

Finally Jacob pulled away, "Oh god, Sandy. If you don't want me bend you over that deck and take you, we better stop."

Sandy pulled away a little, and shyly looked up at him, not meeting his eyes directly. "What if I don't want to stop?"

"Baby, do you know what you're asking for?" His voice was thick, laced with desire.

Sandy smiled at him, desire swimming in her belly. "I'm asking you to fuck me Jake. I don't want to think about tomorrow, or yesterday. I just want you to make me feel good. Right now."

His hands flexed on her butt cheeks, pulling her against his hardness. She could feel his cock twitch and throb. A sense of power flushed her body. Knowing that this man wanted her, ached for her was headier than any drug. 

"If we do this...there's no going back. Every tomorrow you have is going to involve me. In the most intimate way. You got that?" His voice was thick, demanding. 

Sandy wasn't sure what he meant, but she nodded, hoping her acquiescence would make him continue. The agony of not having him would be worse than any punishment he could meter out. Her body was raging now, fed with the adrenaline from shooting such a large gun and the lust igniting between them. It was a powerful mixture. 

She got the reaction she wanted, his big hands ripping her uniform from her tiny body. Her little hands tore at his, pulling his shirt off and loosening his pants. When she reached bare skin she almost fainted. He was so strong. His body corded with hot muscle, dusted lightly with hair. He was so masculine he oozed the power of a warrior. She wanted it to overpower her, rule her body with pleasure.

"God you're so beautiful!" His words were near incoherent as he lifted her naked body onto the gun deck and knelt before her. 

"Dammit, Jake, what are you doing?" He was supposed to be standing for this, she was quit certain! How the hell was she supposed to...

Her ranting train of thought ended the second his tongue touched her inner thigh. 

"Oh..." she gasped, grabbing his head to steady herself.

He chuckled at her shocked gasp, licking all the way from her knee to where her nest met her thigh. He knew manipulating that little crease would drive her crazy. And the scent of her sent shivers down his spine. He wanted to devour her whole.
