 Author's note: Hello, this is my first attempt at writing erotic fiction. I should probably point out that I really, really love huge boobs (What guy doesn't?) Anyways, in this first Chapter of the story, there isn't really any sex (I know, sorry). I really just wanted to make this because it's something I like. Now that's not to say the next chapters won't have rough/ dubcon/noncon sex in them, which they will! That goes to saying, if you do not like huge lactating boobs, dubcon, noncon, or anything like that. This story is not for you. Any feedback I get will be much appreciated and I hope you all enjoy.

*****

In a world where there lives goblins, orcs, dragons, imps, and more. There lived an adventurer by the name Joscelin. 

Joscelin was a truly beautiful woman to behold. With her slightly curly, dirty blonde hair. Her slender shoulders leading down to her thin but toned arms. Those same arms that were used to chop off limbs of her foes with her trusted long sword, which she kept holstered on her back. But it wasn't her arms or her flawless face with eyes as blue as the sky.

No, it was her well endowed womanly curves that got her the most attention. With a perfect hourglass figure, Joscelin had thick, muscular thighs that worked into her very wide hips. Hips that lead to an extremely large well toned ass. Moving up her body one would notice her thin waist with a flat toned stomach that certainly would get any man or creature hot. 

But what the most mouth watering, heart pounding, and cock throbbing part of the young twenty-five year old's body was her huge, gigantic mammaries that are topped one inch hard, pink nipples with aureoles to match. These breasts, which are double the size of her head is what gets Joscelin the most attention. 

Though her breasts were not always this humongous. They were once of normal size at around a DD cup. That was until she had a run in with the terrible Olaf the Wizard.

Joscelin was, at the moment, talking with the goblin known as Spunks. Spunks was a grotesque looking thing with green, sickly colored skin, which was the opposite of Joscelin's flawless, slightly pale skin. He had a huge, crooked nose that faced downward. A disgustingly pocked face that was attached to a small head that suited his already small body. He stood about three and a half feet tall. Where as Joscelin was 5'8. Spunks was also very skinny except for his poochy belly which was on full display as he only wore a tiny, dirty white clothe like a diaper. Which helped conceal is not so impressive cock.

Joscelin was sat facing Spunks on a log. Spunks was sitting in a tiny chair he made himself out of wood. She thought to herself that the tiny goblin looked more like a very hideous infant, rather than a creature that has lived for over forty plus years. 

She was wearing her usual adventuring gear. Steel plated shoulder pads that lead to her brown, bra like top that left little to the imagination. Which, of course Spunks was getting an eye full of as he drooled from his mouth slightly. He could see it was more a piece of tight fitting fabric that was just there to hide her nipples and not much else. It was rather cold in his little cave he called home, which normally made him very irritable. 

But seeing as how it was making the huge titted adventure's nipples hard, he saw it now as a blessing. He lowered his gaze towards her huge shapely hips that where barley covered by the thin black leather belt which held her satchel and her tiny brown skirt that was high on her thighs, leaving her black panties on display. 

His eyes moved lower down to her lovely smooth legs, with her steel knee pads, and her tall leather boots. 

Joscelin had her arms, which had steel bracers on her wrists, crossed under her expansive chest. When she uncrossed them letting them fall to her sides, her huge udders jiggle about almost wildly. A jiggle that did not go unnoticed by the boob-hungry goblin.

"So, what brings a cow- Er.. I mean, woman such as yourself to my home?" Spunks asked while eyeing her huge tits.

"I'm here seeking directions that will lead me to the old wizard they call Olaf." Said Joscelin not noticing the way the small creature was staring and licking his lips towards the well endowed blonde.

"Why are you looking for him?" asked Spunks.

"He must pay for what he did to me!" Said Joscelin, with a slight angry tone in her voice.

"Well what did he do to you that was so bad you want to track him down?"

"He made my breasts the way they are now." She said while looking down cupping her large udders in her hands. Spunks nearly spunked in his diaper like cloth at the sight of Joscelin squeezing and lifting up her breasts. His eyes bulged and his mouth fell open when she let her tits go and they fell bouncing hard. They bounced so hard in fact, her right nipple popped half way out.

Joscelin did not notice, but the horny little goblin sure did. The ugly creature scooted closer with his chair while Joscelin remained on her log. She assumed he was scooting closer to her more so he could listen to her encounter with the old wizard. But he was really just getting ever so closer to the fat udder that looked so tempting, so tasty.

The goblin still in awe at the sight of such a huge tit left his mouth watering and agape, showing his tiny, slightly sharp teeth.

Joscelin on the other hand felt a little warm thinking someone was so interested in hearing her adventure.

"Yes, he cast some sort of spell on my breasts that made them grow." She said while turning her head to look to her left towards the cave's opening and outside to the bright summers day.

Spunks kept moving his chair closer and closer to the huge, semi-naked, tit that was now right in front of him. So close his crooked nose was almost touching it.

"He was a lecherous old man that only wanted to use me as his dairy cow!" Spunks heart began to pound in his chest.

"D..Dairy cow...?" He said out loud.

"He made my tits grow to literally double the size of my head." 

"T...Tits..? Spunks stammered, whispering to himself as he slowly reached his tiny hand out and gently pilled her brown top lower to reveal her already slightly visible nipple. Has he freed the engorged melon from its home her breast gave a slight jiggle. Spunks looked at the huge boob with hungry eyes. 

Joscelin on the other hand was too into telling her story while looking towards the cave's exit. "That bastard filled my beautiful, normal, DD size boobs with magic that engorged my breasts with milk." She said with a slight bit of sadness in her voice.

"Mm...Milk!?" Said the horny goblin. Spunks then lunged forward with a "Hmmmph!"

"Yes.. he filled them with milk. He even suckled on them or a while the perverted bastard. Even now I can feel him suc-"

Joscelin looked down to her bosom that was now being sucked and chewed on by the short, grotesque creature.

"Sluuurrp..Mmph..mmm..suck suck...slurrp!" Was the only sounds that filled the small cave. Spunks looked up at the busty blonde with wide eyes as he hungrily sucked out her milk. He had both his tiny hands on either side of her breast. Squishing the fat udder between them as to push out as much milk as possible into his greedy mouth.

Joscelin looked down at him with almost the same wide eyes as her now tit-feasting goblin. She was in shock.

She gave three quick gasps in an attempt to scream, while Spunks just grinned at her failed attempt to say something. Spunks then held her tit tight with his hands and pulled his head back, stretching the big tit in his mouth. Sucking as much milk in his dirty little mouth as possible before swallowing then, like a sling shot, throwing his head forward squishing her huge cow udder against her chest. Doing this caused her breast to slightly fold around the hungry goblin's head. 

Joscelin gasped again as he did this, wincing a little has his head slammed into her now sore tit. She felt his tiny mouth suckling frantically at her engorged boob. Nibbling and sucking her perfect nipple in his disgusting milk-hungry mouth.

She then grabbed the back of the goblin's head and attempted to yank him from her tit. Spunks wriggled his head left and right to try and keep his latch on her big, beautiful jug. 

"What the hell do you think you're doing?!" screamed Joscelin while prying the creatures head away from her now red and swollen nipple, which was leaking milk, "Get off!"

The latch Spunks had on her tit was strong and when she finally pryed him away from her chest, it gave a loud "Pop!" 

Spunks gargled and swallowed the adventurer's tasty milk while she watched in horror. 

"Baby wants to drink from Fat Cow's huge udder!" yelled Spunks not unlike a bratty child before breaking free from Joscelin's grip. Lunging forward again this time biting down on her poor, fully erect nipple. 

"Ouch! Get off me you ugly little worm!"

"I am not your personal milk factory for you to feed on!" yelled Joscelin, her voice sounding a little hoarse. She attempted to pull the goblin's head from her again, but Spunks grabbed hold of her bra like top and held on tight. He managed to yank her top completely down, now her other exposed udder jiggled and bounced free. Joscelin stood up and frantically tried to pull the milk starved Spunks off her tit. She then felt light headed as the goblin sucked and sucked her milk into his bloated stomach. 

Joscelin felt so tired now that she tripped over the log she was once sitting on. As Joscelin fell backwards, Spunks's legs lifted slightly into the air. The huge titted blonde fell back, hitting her head on the cave's wall behind her knocking her unconscious. The now completely vulnerable busty adventure lay there with her head slightly lifted by the cave wall, and the thirsty Spunks now straddling her waist with his scrawny legs. His head buried in tit flesh while his mouth viciously sucked out her milk.

"Mmmm.. Mmph-'pop! Ahhh, so delicious!" The nasty creature said, pulling his lips away from her sore, engorged tit. Milk squirting out both jugs and into the air. 

"Looks like I get to feed on your huge udders for a while, huh Cow?!" The lecherous little goblin said. "I'm going to enjoy this! Hhaammmph!" He yelled diving back into the unconscious blonde bimbo's tit. Her body squirmed and wiggled at his rough handling and sucking of her boobs under his tiny body. His head pulling back and forth, his mouth never letting go of her tit.

The sounds of his smacking lips, his slurping mouth, and her tit squirting milk onto the cave floor echoed out of the cave and into the forest surrounding it.