 A/N: This story is from the WoW-universe, and based on the characters Sylvanas Windrunner and the Lich King. Lore-wise Sylvanas died before ever becoming the Lich King's slave, but I bent the universe a little.

There are non-consensual parts, so if you do not find that appealing, read at own risk.

I hope you enjoy it, and there might be more.




"Shindu Fallah Na!"

The man who had once been Arthas Menethil, who was now The Lich King, laughed to himself. 'The enemies are breaking through'. Such a fitting last phrase for The Ranger General, Sylvanas. He would indeed break through, but something else than the last elf gate that protected Silvermoon. Something completely else.

She woke up in silence. She lifted her chin from her chest, looking slowly around the room. It was lit with torches, but it was empty. She tried to sit down, but realized that her arms were bound above her head. She looked up, and saw that it was not ropes that held her, but massive chains. Her feet barely touched the floor, and she was grateful they didn't hold her up, because she believed she would have fallen from the shock when she looked down. On the dirty floor beneath her, was a puddle of blood. She had no doubt it was her own.

Her gaze snapped up at the Lich King as he entered the room. She watched him like a hawk as he walked through the room. She noticed that he had removed the heavy plate armor he always wore, and the helmet was gone as well. His icy grey eyes seemed to pierce her soul as he looked at her.

'Without his armor he almost looks ... Human.' She thought for herself. He laughed, a cold, cruel laugh, as if he had heard the thought, before moving closer. His hand ran along her body, which she first now noticed was without a single thread. As he cupped her breast, she cringed away. The chains made it impossible for her to move more than half a foot, and even then she swung back against him. His smirk was impossible to misinterpret.

"Shindu Fallah Na. The enemies are breaking through. Indeed I will break through, but not what you think."

His voice was as cold as his laugh and touch, and his eyes seemed to glimmer as they met hers. Icy grey and deep blue. For a moment, she was lost in his gaze, unable to break away. He smirked, and then he looked down over her body. His hand roamed lower, down to the fussy triangle of soft hair below her belly. He looked up at her again, but she had fixed her gaze on a point behind him, determined that he would not have the satisfaction of seeing her in pain.

"You truly are blonde."

He tugged lightly on the hair between her legs and she gave up a painful yelp. She met his eyes again, and he looked satisfied. 'For the moment', she thought. His hand disappeared from her body, and she was relieved. For a moment, before his left hand pinched her nipple painfully hard. She moaned with the pain, and he let go.

"It will be easy enough to train you. Good for me... Not as good for you."

She winced as he pinched her again, this time both her nipples. When he twisted, she screamed from the immense pain. He continued to torture her breasts, squeezing and pinching, sometimes twisting, sometimes almost being gentle. She lost track of time in the pain, but despite it, she could feel pleasure slowly building in her belly. That, of course, didn't make it better when he moved one of his hands down between her legs, finding her sex hot and slightly damp.

He laughed again, that cold cruel laugh she had heard once before, and rubbed gently. Against her own will, she felt herself becoming aroused with how he treated her. He must have noticed how her nipples became stiff and how her cunt became even wetter, because he stopped and watched her face with a smirk.

"What's this now ... The so pure Ranger General starting to get a bit hot? Maybe she even wants me to make her come?"

Sylvanas's eyes got big. Make her come? Him? She thought, then she realized he was messing with her. If she said yes, he would never do it, if she said no, he would. She thought slowly before nodding, making the most submissive face she could in the process. He laughed again, and put his hand back between her legs.

"Very well then, little Ranger General. You'll get to come ... But you won't come until you have my cock in that slutty cunt of yours."

His face suddenly got cruel, before he swiftly thrusted two of his fingers inside her. She couldn't breathe, and tears was starting to form in her eyes. This was not what she wanted, not what she had planned. And those fingers ... The way they were moving inside her was making her feel sick because of her own reaction. Despite the pain those first thrusts had caused, it was starting to feel better and better. The way they moved, the way he curled them every so slightly when he was so deep inside. It was so nice, and yet she hated it because it was him doing it. She squirmed, trying to make him stop, but he was relentless. He kept on until she felt like she was going to explode from the feeling, then he withdrew his fingers just as suddenly as he had pushed them inside her.

"Not yet, Ranger General. I told you to wait until I have my cock inside you."

She looked up at him, his serious face almost making her cry.

"Don't ... Please don't ... I don't want it ..."

Her voice was almost a whisper, but when he smirked, she knew he had heard her. Heard her, but not listened.

"Too bad. You're getting it anyway, Ranger General of Silvermoon."

He reached up and unlocked the chains that held her. She fell to the floor, unable to stand, but started to crawl away from him. He laughed, and grabbed her long, blonde hair, forcing her to stay still with sheer force. She couldn't help but glancing at him as he undressed. His cock was the first one she saw, and it looked as human as the rest of him. It seemed very big however, way too big to fit inside her. He either didn't see her looking, or he didn't care. He moved behind her, kneeling, and pushed her face down to the floor with the hand in her hair.

She didn't stand a chance against him, and he positioned himself and drove his member home without hesitating. Her wail could probably be heard out on the battlefield, but none of them cared. He too busy moving inside her, feeling the soft warmth of her untouched cunt, she unable to think with the pain and the slowly building pleasure. He held onto her hair, but as the pleasure built she didn't want to get away anymore. Soon, her hips was moving back against his, her buttocks slapping against his hips with each of his thrusts. His hand was disentangled from her hair and placed on her hips as the other one while he rode her. Her back stayed arched, and the moans that had been from pain was now from pleasure.

However, while the moans escaped her lips, she felt the salty taste of her own tears. The tears of shame. Shame over how she could enjoy being fucked by her sworn enemy. Shame over how her body moved against his as they both came closer and closer to their climax. He reached around her, and as his fingers brushed over her clit she gasped, slamming her hips back against his.

"Don't stop! Please .. Touch me .. It feels so good..."

She couldn't believe the words coming out of her mouth before she could stop them. He laughed, but complied. His fingers played on her clit like it was a delicate instrument as he kept on impaling her on his cock. When her body tensed and she screamed out her ecstasy, he didn't stop, and when her contractions around him made him lose himself and coat her insides with his juices, he didn't stop. It wasn't until she was begging him, that he finally stopped, letting go of her and leaving her on the dirty floor as he went to wash up. She laid still, breathing hard while coming down from her heights and sobbing from the shame. That moment, she decided that she would be free of him. One day.

She woke up outside. She sat up, and looked around. The snow fell silently on her naked body, coating her hair, despite not being able to make it more than the silvery white it already was. Her deep red eyes looked down on her body, the fingers on her right hand tracing the black scar above her left breast. Then she stood, glaring at the Citadel of Ice, far above her, before turning her back and walking out in the cold wasteland. The snow and ice couldn't kill her, despite her nakedness, because who can kill someone who is already dead?