 Author's Note: This piece was written as part of a series of short writing challenges, and is one of my earliest experiments with science fiction stories. I have some ideas to expand the canon with a series of erotic vignettes featuring the characters therein, basically just exploring sex with a variety of extraterrestrial beings.

Please enjoy this short work- Codename "Cock Quest".

*****

We've been questing for a long time. It has not been easy, expending precious resources across the myriad galaxies we have traversed, searching for hope; our salvation. Even if we never find it... In our death-throes, I hope we live the last of our days well. It has been an experience... One we will take with us to the grave. We only hope to be fucked well before we are well fucked.

Year: 207,062.

This is Captain Leonida, keeper of the records, historian and storyteller of the Ragged Womens' Army. Our search for fertile mates continues.

When our ancestresses were still shackled to patriarchal cultures, and dreamed of freedom, did they ever wish for the men to all die...? We know, some of them did... Could those few among the many have carried just enough poison to fulfill their own dread ambitions? It has been thousands of years since any of us bore a natural child. It has been too long since we felt the touch of our own mates- and despite perpetuating our numbers with technology, it just isn't the same. How were we to know that genetics had fated us to conquer and watch them wilt to decay in the evolutionary race? We were meant to face the future united, and yet we roam alone!

See previous annals for the details and adventures we faced on many worlds- Searching for a cure for our wombs, or a species virile enough to seed us and bring us unto the next ages. We've tried any number of plants, medical procedures and tests, seeking counsel from doctors across the galaxies, but somehow the answer has eluded us. We are set to land on an uncharted planetoid that our scanners detected an hour ago. Our sensors discovered a highly unusual nest of life on this otherwise inert rock, and a landing party of five, myself included, are touching down.

Further records to come.

***

Captain Leonida closed her digital logbook and turned from the console in her chamber. Her four companions on this exploration were already waiting for her in the airlock. The air on the planetoid was coming up breathable, but each of the women was equipped for any instance in which it wasn't. Their suits, form-fitting and fully insulated against all conditions, could also provide air and shield them from the void. Each of the women had chosen different appearance modulations as well. Leonida herself was styled with a Victorian bustle, bloomers, and a corset fashioned to resemble a breastplate. Lt. Denoanna had gone Grecian Goddess with her golden curls, and Sgt. Aidokonna was in a slinky black number that clung to her form and ended in a liquid-like froth of train. All of them Amazonian. The women of their ancient species had evolved strong, but alone. Together they'd been searching for males to take as successful mates, and though many encounters had proven deliciously erotic, none had borne fruit.

The women, five strong, landed and began tracking the life readings ahead of them. The terrain was rocky, but not totally barren. Moss was visible in some spots and water did glint in small pools here and there. They could classify it as a "seed planetoid". Those signs did give off a steady buzz of reading on their scanners, but there was a cluster of life otherwise inexplicable about three spans off, behind (or in) a small mount of stone. They were fully prepared for any circumstances.

The trek wasn't long, and nothing disturbed them. The mount soon became visible, and to their excitement, and trepidation, a plume of smoke could be seen trailing upward into the sky. The women clutched one another and approached with caution. Hearts pounding, they began to notice a figure waiting for them, casually leaning against the blue black rock jutting out of the ground behind. Leonida checked her communicators and raised her hands as they neared.

"We are peaceful explorers!" She said, strong and clear. "We come seeking hope and nothing more!" The figure waited placidly, raising one hand. Leonida's heart thrashed in her ribs. The figure was male. He looked human. With every step closer, she could see his features. Ruggedly built, golden-brown skin. Close-cropped hair that glinted in inconsistent flashes of sun. When only a few measures separated them, he approached.

"Hey there!" his cordial greeting sent a titter through the women behind Leonida. "Sorry we had to meet like this."

"I am Captain Leonida..." she began, faltering. Like the pictures of men from her store of knowledge, he was handsome. Anna and Konna behind her breathed heavily, and Senafira and Banteya squealed. All of them felt the spark.

"Jack." he said, grinning.

"Did you... know we were coming here...?" Leonida asked him, suddenly unsure how to approach.

"Just a little. Long story. I'll spare you the awkwardness, ok? I know why you're here. And I can help." Jack offered his hand to Leonida.

"Ladies?" the leader asked. "Consensus?" They grouped their heads and whispered to one another.

"Let's do it," Teya said. "There's five of us, we can protect ourselves from one man."

"I don't think this is a trap or anything," Fira added thoughtfully. "My gut's alright with this."

"Then we go in," Nida agreed. The women broke. The captain took his hand.

"Thanks for the trust." Jack said, leading them toward the cave. "Basic thing is, I split off from my timeline on a trip a few weeks ago. I'm from Earth circa 10,756. Before the downfall." Leonida nearly stumbled in surprise.

"You're a viable male! Oh stars!"

"You're what we've been searching for!" Anna said.

"Yup," he grinned. "I stumbled on some future history and read up on what happened to us. And I read... about... you." He said this to Nida, looking down at her with heat, and she felt herself blush... a sensation she hadn't felt since childhood. "So what's a strapping young man on vacation going to do when the universe comes calling?" Jack led them into the cave, and the contrast to the outside was staggering. There was a den, fully stocked with a makeshift camp kitchen and pop-up bunks, all kinds of high tech camp gear from back in the day. And... Jack was not alone. The five women gasped in pleasure. Forty young men all stood and greeted them with eager smiles. "Bring his friends, that's what!" At once, the women began to exult.

"We are delivered!" They hugged and cried. Leonida separated herself from the pack.

"We want you to come back to our ship. Join us and you will know great pleasures and never want for anything. We need your seed."

"We're gonna be heroes, boys," Jack said, and the crowd hollered.

In moments, the women were able to transport the entire party back to base.

That evening the women held a banquet and named it Fertility.

Leonida and Jack united on a platform above the roiling crowd. Everyone could see, and knots of women surrounded the men. Jack approached and took Nida in his arms.

"I'm really enjoying meeting you... After reading your histories, I had to." He pressed a deep kiss between her lips, and she responded eagerly, her body coming awake.

"Really?" she gasped, needing his body to fill hers the way her nature intended.

"Yes," he grunted harshly in response. "At first... I read them thinking 'Wow, humanity really gets screwed over.' Then I started falling for you through these desperate, heartbreaking, funny, hopeful mission logs you write, and I started thinking 'Damn I wish I could meet this chick...'" He licked down the valley between her breasts, cupping each lovely globe. "Took me entirely too damn long to realize I could." Nida moaned, feeling a rush of warmth unrivaled by any feeling her body had ever created. "I read the mission log for this date... And wrangled my crew just for you, Nida. I want you, so fucking bad."

"Oh stars!" she cried, bucking her hips against him. "Please Jack, make me a woman like I've never been before!" Her panting was heavy and hard. "Let me feel my natural mate's rigid manhood!"

"Don't think that will be a problem," he groaned.

"Thank you!" she cried. "Seed me! Seed me now!" Jack undid her suit, divested of its guise, and kissed along the length of her exposed skin. He worked down until she was nude, and she aided him to nakedness as fast as she could. Nida plucked a small object from a table beside them and fastened it over her clitoris. It began buzzing against her, hormonally stimulating her heat and vibrating her most sensitive button. Jack groaned.

"I love the future." They sank onto the bed laid out to make them a display, and Jack slid his erect cock inside his Amazon lover. He pushed into her slowly, stretching her passage around himself and taking his time.

"You're so hot inside, Nida," he growled sweetly.

"Does my body please you, Jack?" she moaned, half breathless.

"That's my question," he answered. "Let me teach you what only a male mate can teach a woman." He thrust deep, drawing a small howl out of her. He kissed her mouth furiously as he began a steady rhythm, crashing himself inside just a little bit harder each time. When they broke for air, she gasped:

"Ohh! It's..." Nida howled, arching her back into her new lover.

"It's so good, Nida... It's so perfect." His cock pressed her deep, and she wrapped her arms around his neck. "Even if you have to share me... I want you every day. You're the one I fell for. All of this is for you."

"Oh Jack!" she warbled, beginning to press back with her hips. "I only wish I could know you as well as you know me, right now!"

"We have time," he gritted out through his teeth. "We'll get to know each other, as friends and lovers." He fell to her lips again, kissing with delirious zeal. Nida's body was aflame, pressure building deep within her as the vibrating hormonal stimulator device flooded her body with heat-inducing estrogen. The human women had long ago learned to completely control their menstruation and stimulate estrus when the chance of conception arose. This time, with the devices on all the women, tuning their bodies to childbearing, it had to happen. It just had to!

An orgy erupted around them as they coupled with unabashed zeal. Jack fucked her soft and wet pussy like he was never going to get enough, so hard and rough that he couldn't hold back on the first shot, not with her screaming and driven to a hard climax on his cock. They let go in each other's arms, and he shot his semen deep inside.

Once Jack's cock softened in her cunt, he gathered her limp body in his arms and held her close.

"How was it, Nida? Did you enjoy your mate's cock?" His lips fell to her neck and planted kisses along her skin.

"So much, Jack," she answered. "By the moons we've missed our species' greatest bonding experience. I felt like my body was dissolving all over you."

"I felt how hot and aroused you were, my love." He kissed her again. "Will I have to go and seed others now?" She nodded, stroking his hair.

"You've been assigned to a share of our factions. Those who wear green are your chosen mates. And now that you've spent in me, I must fit you with a device that will boost your pleasure and fertility. You will be able to enjoy countless orgasms, as we do." 

"How does it work?" he asked, cocking his head. Nida grinned.

"It's fitted around your cock and into your..." her eyes flitted over his backside as she searched for an apt phrase. "Deepest, strongest point of arousal. The device stimulates your prostate, boosts production of semen and reduces the time you need to recover. It can be easily put in and taken out, but you will need to consume more calories and protein as well as water as you use it." The young man took a breath.

"Are you saying... you have to put something... in my ass?" He reddened, not having expected this outcome.

"If you truly protest, I will ensure that you have all you need to perform at your natural pace," she said, rubbing his chest with one hand. "You may change your mind when you see those in your company try it. It is something we created to boost our chances of conceiving, much as we did our own devices." Nida flashed him her cunt, still accented by the gleaming silver orb that was affixed to her clitoris. It buzzed away happily, creating multiple orgasmic contractions in her pussy and helping her ripen the fruit in her ovaries. Jack nibbled his lower lip.

"I guess... you should show me, before I decide." Nida nodded. She twisted herself to one side and gathered up a small box. When she lifted its lid, Jack beheld, on one end, a flexible loop made of clear, light material that had a soft surface when touched. Just visible, if held up to the light, was a transparent, pliable cord of sorts that barely felt of anything, and on the opposite end of the ring was another small silvery device, no bigger than the tip of his smallest finger.

"You will barely feel it as you wear it," she said, moving in to show him its different components. "The ring and cord are made of gossamer nervewire, and will increase pleasure through your perineum, ballocks, and cock as it channels the stimulation of your prostate. You will stay harder and your body will produce incredible amounts of seed to fill us with. You will experience pleasure as you've never known." Jack swallowed. Something he'd never done before.

"Will you get to fuck me while I wear it?" he queried, half nervous and half excited. Nida smiled. 

"Many, many times. You will not be content with less. But, mind that when you begin to feel hungry and thirsty, you must eat and drink. It is vital to your health." Finally, the man sighed and kissed his lover.

"It's really kind of hard to turn down the promise of multiple orgasms." Nida moaned in pleasure and nuzzled him affectionately.

"You will be well rewarded with pleasure," she told him, touching him everywhere. "Thank you for your trust, and your gift of men." They kissed again, and Nida stood, gloriously naked. "Let us address the company so that we can truly celebrate, and invite all to a feast of our most powerful appetites." Jack took her offered hand and pulled himself up with her aid. The sounds of pleasure softened and faded as the knots of sexual activity below fell still at the sight of their word-keeper's raised hands.

"Sisters, and now brothers, heed!" she called, loud and perfectly clear. "Long we have sought natural mates to seed us. Many have tried, but none have cured our barrenness. No intelligent lifeform we have met has been compatible enough with our DNA, and I know many of us were losing hope." She raised an arm and grandly swept it across her audience, below. Jack stood in awe of the might of her oration. "Our numbers have dwindled from billions in our heyday, to the mere thousand that have made the Ragged Women's Army a glorious last stand for our species." A roar went up after the echo of her words died. The blond hunk behind them, some hundred thousand and counting years their predecessor, stood in awe. His species had dwindled down to just a thousand women. "I know forty men in their most virile developmental stages are not enough to sustain us indefinitely, but by the crack of Hanwoit-6's moon, it's a start!" Cheers and laughter rose up as the merry company joined in Leonida's glee. When it quieted, she began to speak again, with more heat. "My lover has spent his semen inside me, which brings our celebration to a tremendous start! Feast upon our delicacies, and join your bodies in glorious pleasure! Our salvation has begun!" A rollicking tumult sounded, with much hooting, clapping, cheering and stamping as women and men alike gave up to joy. Each man had twenty-five women to seed specifically, and all of them were going to need the special boosters to do it. The dais-bed began to lower from its place of display so Jack could do his part.

"I'm ready for it, Nida," he said throatily.

"My lover has agreed to wear his booster!" Nida declared. Her women shouted their support with enthusiasm. "Men, we of the Ragged Women present our technology to gift you with ultimate pleasure and virility! Not one of you will be forced to take it, but we do hope you will open yourselves and enjoy the pleasure we offer, as we have learned to embrace all forms of pleasure. Your appetites shall increase tenfold, so make sure you sate them!"

Below, the knots of women were cooing and caressing their men, explaining the booster device (as well as the ones all of them wore) and preparing for the banquets they would receive. Jack stood bravely still as Nida readied his body. First she stretched the loop of nervewire to fit snugly but comfortably around his cock and testicles. It adjusted to him like a second skin. After that, she poured a tingling lubricant onto her fingers and rubbed into the opening between his buttocks.

"Relax, and push back against me, Jack," she told him, kneeling as he stood. Their platform had fully descended, and the twenty-four other women Nida had to share her lover with surrounded them, all nude, all touching and rubbing against one another. He nodded, breathing deeply, and let her do it. She stretched and lubed his passage well, and then plucked the silver orb that would increase his hormonal signatures and fill him with a satyric lust that could only be blunted by numerous couplings and spendings. It got its own coating of lube before she touched it to his hole.

"This shouldn't feel like much," she said. With a slow pressure she pushed it inside. The little bead didn't even hurt going in. Her finger pressed it in until it came to rest a little ways into his back-hole. Jack shuddered, aroused and still wracked with the newness of the experience. Once in place, Nida gave the nervewire a quick, firm tug and it automatically settled seamlessly onto Jack's skin, and the orb inside came to life to do its job. Immediately his cock stood up again and a combination of overwhelming sensations heightened his need to fuck.

"Oh damn," he whispered, already dying to be inside a pussy. Denoanna approached. Nida gave him one last kiss.

"Go and enjoy, my lover. I shall be mingling with those of us who have been gifted a dose of seed. We will find our usual entertainments while you explore. Eat when you must!" She turned to the women assigned to share Jack with her. "Take care of our precious mate, ladies." The women nodded and giggled, hands falling to their charge, and Anna wrapped her arms around him, taking his mouth and slipping her tongue between his lips. Eyes twinkling, Nida moved toward the banquet tables and helped herself to a plate of her favorites, along with a cup of citronvin- a refreshing, mildly intoxicating beverage that was hydrating but also produced a pleasant heightening to sensory experiences. She ate and drank as she wandered the tangle of bodies. Some of the men had taken the booster right away and were already plowing their third or fourth woman to ecstasy. Others were taking a more old-fashioned route, eating of palovere roots to stimulate their sperm production. Nida suspected that sooner or later every one of their male mates would wear the booster just for its ease and the ability it granted the men to keep up with the women.

Once her stomach was full, Nida joined a group of the seeded and fell into watching the scenes of sex happening all around her. Many of the women were already wearing false penile attachments to fuck each other, or were busily licking one another, bodies entwined like flowering vines. Nida acquired an electronic dildo and sank into a pile of cushions, spreading her legs wide for anyone who wished to look at her. The silver orb's vibrations increased from a consistent hum, keeping her aroused and aching, to a full buzz designed to make her climax. Everyone around her heard her moan when the dildo entered her, contoured to fit her unique shape, and began to vibrate too. The dildo automatically attuned itself to the clitoral orb and used sophisticated magnetics to digitally confirm its place. Then it began to fill her, thrusting into her wet, used channel.
