 Mike sat by the wireless set tuning the amplitude modulator he had designed to narrow the radio beam his equipment generated. Mike had served in the military as a radio operative, and had continued working on radio equipment as a civilian, and had tinkered with radio electronics as a hobby, developing a network of friends throughout the world. But it was only since the car crash he had developed the amplitude modulator.

Radio seemed a strange way, for many, to deal with his grief, but Mike had found very quickly that expressing his grief and the horrible pain he felt inside to those around him was a very effective way of stopping family and friends calling, or visiting. There had to be a different way to rid himself of the pain.

It wasn't his fault his wife Julie and two children -- daughter Caitlin, son Mark - had been killed. It wasn't even the fault of the driver of the lorry -- it had just been one of those things in terrible weather, with snow on the ground, as his family returned home from a few days at Julie's mother. Mike knew it wasn't his own fault, but he seemed to be the one punished. They had been an ideal family. He had adored Julie and his family, but now they were gone no-one was able to cope with his grief so that he had to bottle up, a grief nearly destroying him.

The one glimmer was his hobby. He had a thought about two months after the accident -- he had to get rid of the pain somewhere -- why not get rid of it to outer space! He knew it was absurd, but there was at least a symbolic action to sending it out there which could help him cope with the pain, rid him of the darkest moments. 

As a result Mike developed the amplitude modulator. It simply focussed the radio beam, so when he cried, or screamed, or was totally overwhelmed by darkness, he could turn on his microphone and send it all into infinity without anyone else even hearing, or receiving. Radio was his life, and somehow through his life it helped him -- a bit -- deal with the pain. He simply fired it into outer space, so no-one could be touched by the utter darkness in his soul from the accident........

....................................

The dark shape soared invisibly through the darkness on its journey of discovery. It had journeyed for several years, unseen and undetected. For much of that time there had been no-one to see it even if they could have detected it. But now the dark shape was travelling through an area with a sprinkling of meteors, giant planets, smaller planets. The scanners were trying to pick up any signals. They were aware there was one planet with a lot of electromagnetic activity, bouncing from it's surface to shapes hovering in the sky, back to the surface. They were aware there was a lot of random radio activity being sent out. It was very primitive. Then the scanner picked up a single beam, aimed straight upwards, seemingly at nothing in particular. It was different. The dark shaped veered towards the beam to intercept it. It crossed the beam beyond a giant planet with rings. 

As the shape cut through the beam there was a scream in the beam. Echoing the scream, there were many screams within the shape, beings in awful pain........... The dark shape veered away, the screaming stopped. The shape invisibly came to a halt............

..................................................

It had been a difficult day for Mike. It was Julie's birthday. It had started dark and had got worse. He had turned on his radio, he had sobbed, screamed, shouted his anger into the radio, knowing it was the only place he could speak openly without being heard or hurting anyone. He had spent some time through the evening on the radio, before the darkness had exhausted him and he dragged himself to bed and asleep. Sleep was probably the only place he couldn't feel his pain. Except for the nightmares. .......

...............................

Inside the dark shape there was a real sense of disaster. It wasn't meant to wake up, but it had. 

The darkness, the pain, the anger, the suffering that had come up the radio beam had caused so much consternation -- the pain had been felt horribly within the shape. There had been debate, but a few had followed the beam to the surface of a planet - those who could survive outside. They had gone to its source, and found the source. They had taken the source back up the beam so all could see, believing it would stay asleep when they placed it into the middle of the chamber, thinking their powers would keep it asleep. 

But something had gone wrong -- it had woken up. 

Mike opened his eyes in the shaded light -- not dark, not bright -- just comfortable. Mike was disorientated, then remembered his grief, going to bed, his radio. He often woke up in the early hours. But this was different. This was something else.

Mike looked around -- he noticed he was in what looked like some sort of industrial, metal chamber, but painted dark blue. He was on a metal floor, though it wasn't cold. Mike thought "industrial" was the wrong word -- there was a real beauty to the colour around him. Somehow he was so shocked he wasn't afraid.................

Then he was. 

As he looked around the room he was aware of shapes appearing, just becoming solid, materialising all around him. Mike screamed, as these figures perhaps 9 or 10 feet tall, humanoid in shape but with no features, appeared all around the chamber. His voice was silent, until they stopped seeming to get more solid, and ended semi-transparent, each of a single colour, transparent pinks, blues, greens, with one who was red. If Mike had not been terrified he would have thought the sight would be stunningly beautiful. 

Mike was paralysed with fear. There was a tingling sound suddenly surrounding him -- a sound with some urgency, which Mike later understood to be conversation between the creatures. His levels of fear rocketed even further as he realised the red figure was moving. Moving towards him. Mike looked to where he could run, but there was nowhere. Suddenly the figure was lifting him -- later Mike would have said it felt like warm velvet jelly, but alive. He screamed, but still he was lifted, then wrapped around by this creature. 

It was strange. Mike was terrified. But not hurt. Asleep? Having dreams? Waking dreams? Suspended? Something else? He was completely wrapped in this being, or covered by her or him or it, or, well inside whatever it was. He thought it was a "she." He knew she wouldn't hurt him. But then his mind began to be probed. He didn't have any other words for it. He could tell what this being was examining. His childhood. His marriage. His memories. His children. The pain of those memories felt almost too much. His language was being examined. His work. His wider family. His desires. His sexual memories, desires, perversions -- not that he had ever fulfilled any of them -- were all examined. It seemed like hours that his mind was read, Mike conscious all the way through, but unable to move. At last he found himself being placed on the floor, the figure moving away. It wasn't until that moment he realised he was naked. And awake. For real. Perhaps this being had stripped him to read everything about him. Instinctively Mike covered himself.

"Michael, we cannot take away your pain, but we can help you on the path to healing." It was a strange light voice, coming, so Mike thought, from the red creature.

Suddenly Mike felt angry. Kidnapped. Terrified. Probed. His whole being examined -- even the corners he would never have shared with Julie. And he was probably going to die. And didn't aliens always end up anally probing you? He wasn't going to take this any more.

Mike lept to his feet. He pointed at the red creature. "How can you heal me? Perhaps I don't want to be healed. Perhaps I want to hurt like this. I've lost my wife. My children. Everything. My family avoid me. My friends ignore me. And you are just going to swan in and think you'll put everything right. Have you ever known this pain? Course not -- you're just a bunch of .............. I don't even know what you are a bunch of, but you look like a load of jellies to me." Mike ran out of steam and stopped his tirade, to be greeted by silence. He just thought the 14 or so creatures were staring at him.

Mike's anger had run out as quick as it had flared. "I'm sorry." He slumped on the ground, his hand hiding himself. Somehow the darkness had taken over again, and the spark of life and anger had disappeared. Mike began to cry, his sobbing echoing around the room. 

Again the voice was speaking to him. The voice ordered him: "Michael, listen." 

Mike's anger sparked up again. "No-one calls me Michael, except my mother," he shouted. "I hate Michael. Call me Mike."

The voice spoke again. "Mike, Listen."

Somehow Mike was ready to listen, and assumed it was the figure in red that was speaking to him. "Mike, we are of a people called the Carron. We are explorers. Our home planet is many many stars away. We were exploring your system, and found your beam. We followed it and brought you here." The voice stopped and paused. "Mike, we have never experienced such darkness in a being. "

There was another pause, as Mike put a human word to the form of communication - Telepathy. "Mike, I'm sorry we had to make you go through an-horan -- probing your mind. It was the only way we could learn your language so I can speak to you now. It was the only way we could understand your species, and your own personal feelings."

"But you went too deep," Mike shouted back. "You went to parts I hate. And have always hidden. You invaded my privacy."

Suddenly Mike heard the voice giggling. "Mike, there was some funny things in those corners!"

Mike slumped down again, feeling mocked and humiliated, as the voice began to speak to him. "Mike. Let me tell you a little about the Carron. As a species we are far far more advanced than your species." Mike noticed there was no arrogance in the voice. "Mike, in your language, I have to say that we are far more feeling centred. Emotion centred. My colleagues here have appointed me to be your healer. We heal by giving expression to feeling, physical, mental, emotional. I think you might call it play. We do not take away darkness -- that is your experience. Your life. But perhaps we can add feelings to balance it, shade it."

Mike was confused. "What do you mean?"

There was a giggle, then he felt a link from the red creature to himself. A mindbeam? Telepathy? He didn't know the word. But he felt himself stimulated. Mike was aware of the "beam" searching his body, then wrapping erotically around his balls, his penis. He looked down -- he found his cock rock hard. It was bizarre -- he was feeling himself masturbated from inside. It was the most powerful erection he had ever known, and maybe the first one since the deaths...............

Mike was lying on the ground, squirming in arousal, his hips thrusting, bucking as the beam fired his nerves. He was sweating , then was crying out, moaning, suddenly shooting his sperm onto the floor. His body bucked, as he spurted hard, several times, before lying back breathing heavily from the orgasm. Suddenly he heard voices -- high tinkling voices -- all of the Carron seemed to be giggling at what they had made him do. Once again it fired Mike's anger.

"You think you are superior beings?" Mike had stood and was pointing to the figure in red. "Superior beings. Yes, you got the power. And you can kidnap me. And humiliate me. And make me do things like you did just now. And you could kill me, and probably will. And I can't stop you. But that doesn't make you superior. That just makes you bullies. It shows you are much lesser beings. No morality. No standards. No respect. You just use people so you can sit around giggling, laughing at them. I've known bullies, but that makes you the worst of all bullies. You are not superior to anyone. You are just amoral low lives. Now put me back in my bed. Or do you just want some more fun at the expense of someone weaker than you, but with more fibre than you will ever know." Mike stood defiantly. Even he surprised himself with the anger sparked within him. He had not been like that since before the car crash.

The car crash........Suddenly Mike was shedding tears, tears of sadness, tears he hadn't shed properly since the accident. Mike collapsed to the floor. Naked. More naked than he had ever been in his grief. It was absurb, not only were these aliens seeing him physically naked, they were seeing naked emotion like he had never shown in front of anyone before. And he couldn't stop. His body was wracked with sobs as he squirmed on the floor.

As he lay there sobbing he was aware of the red figure moving towards him again. Surrounding him in some way. Not hurting, or imprisoning, or holding. Just giving Mike a safe place where he could sob and scream and moan out his pain, his emptiness, his loss. And as he sobbed, he felt the figure sharing it. He didn't know what or how. She wasn't taking it away. But sharing it.

Mike didn't know how long he cried for, or how his crying came to an end, but as it did he felt himself falling into sleep. Not the pained darkness of nightmares and brokenness, but the rest of peace, something he hadn't known since......................

Mike didn't know how long he had been asleep, but when he woke the pain he carried had seemed to have dissipated. For the first time in months he felt almost alive, waking up to a new dawn, not waking to new darkness. At first Mike was disorientated, and knew he wasn't alone. Mike turned over to be faced by the huge red creature. Lying next to him. It hadn't been a dream, a nightmare.

As he woke he was aware of the being moving towards him, rolling on top of him. Mike didn't move. But then he felt................., he didn't know how to describe it -- he felt good. Somehow his skin was tingling. A sensuous tingling. More -- an erotic tingling. The being moulded itself to his shape -- perfectly. Wherever the being was touching him, his skin, his nerves felt stimulated. The being felt like -- again Mike struggled for words -- felt like velvet against him. Mike again heard the voice. Out loud? In his mind? He didn't know, but Mike was stunned at the words said in a sensuous voice.

"Michael . I want to feel you inside me. I want to be taken by your cock. I want your seed inside me. Michael, please, please fuck me. Now."

Mike was aware, suddenly, that he was hugely aroused. The tingling of his skin, the being pressed against him. The shape moulding itself to his shape, around his cock, caressing his cock and balls. Mike was very stiff. He had an erection like he could never remember. Or was it just like the day before? 

The creature seemed to be instinctively sensuous -- whatever turned Mike on it enhanced, slowly concentrating all it's energy, touch around his groin. Suddenly Mike felt the creature turning onto it's back, moving under him. Suddenly he felt himself grabbing and thrusting his cock into the creature. He felt the velvety skin of the creature moving with him, his cock being moistened by his pre-cum. Suddenly he didn't know how but was fucking the creature with a fury he had never known -- at least from the early days of his marriage. Mike thrust his cock into the creature, faster and faster. 

Mike heard a voice in his mind saying to him "I love your cock, I want your cock, fuck me, fuck me harder..............." Mike thrust harder and harder until suddenly he cried out, spurting his cum over and over into the creature, the creature seeming to suck every drop of cum and more from his cock.

At last Mike had no more, his body relaxed, he found himself lying on the bed, the creature having moved to the other side of the room.

Ch 2

As Mike lay on the bed, he heard the creature speaking to him. Probably telepathically. "Mike, there is much you want to understand. Let me explain a little."

Mike was quiet, waiting. "Mike, we are physically very advanced creatures. We have the capacity to take different shapes, colours. To move around by transportation -- a bit like the transporters on your StarTrek memories, but we don't need machinery." Mike realised the creature had picked up all these images when he had been probed earlier, and was using language that he could understand.

The voice continued. "We have the capacity to take whatever shape we want. We can mould our bodies to whatever shape we want, as you have seen when I have wrapped myself around you. I can wrap myself around to create a perfect sexual being for you. And absorb your seed. Mike -- you are very primitive creatures."

There was another pause before the voice continued. "Mike -- although we are superior, Mike, it was good to have you fuck me. To understand a little more of your people, what you call male and female." Mike winced at the use of the f- word so casually. The voice continued. "I am this colour because I have been told to help you in your darkness. You will know it is me when you see a being this colour." There was a pause, before the voice spoke again. "Mike, you have many questions."

Mike looked at the creature. He had been formulating questions, then blurted them out. "Are you female? What's your name? What are you going to do with me? What about the others? How many? What do you really look like?" Mike ran out of words.......

The voice replied. "Mike, I will answer your questions as best as I can. Mike, there are 20 of us in this craft, and I will show you around in a few moments. We are all female. My name is Ulu Carron. You can call me Ulu. We are going to play with you. We are going to spend some time playing with you in what you call a sexual way -- when I probed your mind we understood that for your species -- your darkness is often balanced by play, and most potently by sexual play. Mike -- I'm sorry but you do not have a choice on that -- the moment you sent the radio beam into space, you agreed to do whatever you could to take away your pain." Ulu paused then seemed to smile. "I think you will enjoy our play with you. Mike, I will show you around the craft in a few moments." 

Ulu paused. "Mike -- there are two questions left to answer. What are we going to do with you? Well, that is your choice. After we think your pain has been balanced, we will give you a choice. To return to your planet 48 hours after you left it -- although we may have many days here. Alternatively you may stay with us and travel with us, and when we return, then live on our planet. I cannot tell you about it -- but you would love to be there."

Ulu smiled. "Finally Mike you wonder what we look like? Mike, we can look like anything if you ask, but we will not look like your wife -- that is not right. But this is our true form."

Mike watched as Ulu faded from his sight, then re-appeared -- he assumed it was Ulu -- almost like a huge blue misty circle with a single blue tiny diamond in the middle -- ethereal, beautiful, mystical, pure. Mike stared for minutes at this living distant object, before it disappeared and the red creature re-appeared before Mike.

"Come on, Mike, let me show you around."

For the next half an hour Ulu showed Mike around the craft. It was huge, metallic, but Mike quickly gained an understanding of the layout -- there was an oval shape corridor, all the way around the outside of the craft, with windows through which he could see small planets and meteors. Inside the corridor were rooms for the Carron, from command room, to recreation rooms. Underneath was the propulsion system which Mike felt he could wait for another time to understand. As he walked around the craft, Mike saw many of the Carron, in different colours, all taking the giant featureless humanoid shape he now realised was for his benefit. 

Mike was also given food to eat -- he wasn't sure what but it tasted good. Mike couldn't tell the time, but guessed in his own time frame it was after lunch. Ulu had left him while he was eating -- back in his room -- or at least the place where he slept. She appeared when he had finished. She spoke quietly to him: "Mike, come with me. Time for some more play................"
