 "Hmmm..." Alex muttered to himself, tapping his pen against the practice paper he was diligently making notes on, a dense volume overflowing with content from his AP program he was still struggling to understand. A black-haired, decently tall and decidedly 'dorky' college freshman preparing for finals, As it neared late afternoon Alex was snowed under by the amount of study he still had to do to get the grades that he needed to impress his professor. "Ack, I'm never going to be ready for this..." 

While he stayed in and studied, his friend and roommate Lewis was out having fun, having already finished all the work he needed to for the semester. Unlike him, Lewis was a handsome young blonde who was often slacking off from his academic work, bringing back girls in the middle of the night from his frequent partying. As Alex pored over mathematics problems, his head spinning with formulas he was still struggling to grasp, he found himself becoming a little jealous. Even as he neared the end of his first year at college, he still hadn't got laid. 

Hearing the clattering of keys and the door behind him swing open, Lewis burst in loudly as he always did. Running his fingers through his hair, he grinned in the way Alex knew meant he was up to something. "Hey Alex! You'll never guess what I found today." 

"Can you save this for later?" Alex deflected, trying to focus on the numbers in front of him. "I have an entire semester of content to memorize before Friday's exam." 

"That can wait." said Lewis stubbornly, putting his bag on top of his friend's desk and rifling through it. "You know Miss Margaret? The crotchety old lady who lives down the street in that weird creepy-looking house? She passed away last week and her daughter was selling a bunch of her old stuff." 

Alex looked at him, bemused. "How is a garage sale more important than whether or not I pass?" 

"Because we've all heard the rumors, right?" Lewis began, pulling out a yellowed dictionary and a dusty jar, both part of the useless junk and knick-knacks he had picked up for a bargain. "That she's a crazy witch. Surely you know the stories of people seeing some weird lights and hearing chanting coming out of her backyard in the middle of the night." 

"You really believe any of those stories coming from black-out drunk college frat boys?" Alex scolded, moving his friend's bag aside. As the more logical of the two, Alex was used to having to talk down his roommate's crazy schemes. "Magic isn't real." 

"Sure it is!" Lewis maintained, reaching back into his pack and pulling out a strange-looking furry charm. "Look, man! A real rabbit's foot charm! Imagine what we could wish for with one of these." 

Looking at the charm, Alex felt like it was a pointless trinket couldn't have been worth more than a dollar. "Yeah, like I could wish you would leave me alone for a minute so I could study." Alex said, half-joking. 

"Naw, where's the fun in that?" Lewis mused, "You'd have to wish for something really weird, right? You could create anything. You could BE anything!" Scanning the room for an idea, he laid eyes on the cover of a discarded fantasy novel on the floor, a thick volume he had abandoned weeks ago when he discovered it was little more than the writings of a weird pervert. "Like, you could wish you were inside of one of those dorky medieval fantasy books you like. Slay dragons and stuff like that." 

Now curious, Lewis picked it up and began reading through it, opening it to the page Alex had bookmarked and picking up where he had left off. "You actually like this stuff?" 

Eledria's soft amber eyes pierced through the hanging locks of her chestnut hair, catching Zeldor's gaze as he examined the many curves of her body. Her breasts, all six of them hanging naked from her chest, swayed gently in the breeze, their nipples hard as mithrium as the cool air brushed along their sensitive nerve endings. She leaned back on her hind legs, bare feet digging into the soil." 

"Dude, that's so weird. Why does she have hind legs and six tits? Is she some furry or something!" 

"Hey, stop reading that!" Alex protested, unsuccessfully trying to snatch the book back. 

"Not until you tell me about what she is." Lewis said. 

Alex sighed. "She's a Tauress." 

"What the hell's a Tauress?" asked Lewis. 

Alex pondered. "It's kind of like a centaur, right? You know, the fantasy creatures with a horse's body and legs and a human's upper body? It's kind of like that, but without all the, y'know, horsey features. They have four legs and ten breasts, and it's all human skin." Noting his friend's disgust, he added; "And it's not a fetish thing!" 

"Sure, sure..." Lewis teased, scanning the next passage as it described the way a human man and humantaur woman made love in very graphic detail. "It's just a weird kink is all." 

"That's why I stopped reading there. It got too weird." Alex retorted, becoming frustrated. 

As he continued reading, Lewis' hand began idly stroking the rabbit foot's soft fur. "Y'know, I bet it'd be hilarious if I used my wish to turn you into one of these things." 

"Go ahead." said Alex, turning back to his paper, "It's not like it's ever going to work." 

In reality Lewis didn't really think that the rabbit's foot was going to be truly magical, but he would never pass up an opportunity to rile up his buddy. "You know what, that's my wish. I wish you were like the lady 'Tauress' in this book, with five pairs of big, milky titties. You'd have to walk everywhere on four feet and get milked like a cow every day. Everybody would think you were some mutant freak!" Lewis joked, dropping the rabbit's foot as it bounced underneath his bed. 

"Gross!" Alex said, uncomfortable with the way his roommate mocked him about sex. He couldn't even imagine what it was like to feel a real pair of breasts. "I know it's supposed to be funny, but I didn't need to hear about your weird sexual fantasies." 

"C'mon, I'm not being serious!" Lewis said, trying to lighten the mood, "Even if this old thing did work, it's not like I'm going to waste our only wish on something like that. Besides, how would somebody even function like that?" 

"That's it, I'm tuning you out now." Alex groaned, returning to his paper as Lewis shrugged and left him alone, aware that he had clearly crossed some sort of line. 

As a few minutes passed, Alex began to notice a hot feeling rising in his chest. Doing his best to ignore it, he felt the sensation of heat travel up his body and to his face. Trying harder to focus he felt flushed, his breathing becoming more labored as with every breath his chest puffed out slightly more than it had before. 

"Are you alright, dude?" Lewis asked, concerned about his friend's condition. 

"Yeah, I'm fine..." Alex answered, the almost-painful sensation growing stronger as the feeling spread through his arms and across his whole body. 

"Hey, um... when did you grow your hair out?" he heard Lewis ask from behind him. 

"I didn't-" Alex turned to look at him, but was shocked when a long mop of unfamiliar brunette hair whipped around his eyes. Holding it in his hands, he noticed that they too had been subtly altered, his fingers now more soft and slender than he had ever seen. "W-what's going on?" 

Lewis looked up, instantly shocked by what he saw. "What happened to your face?" 

Standing up slowly, careful not to strain himself, Alex moved over to the mirror to get a better look at himself. "What the hell...?" he whispered, bringing his hands to his face to check that it was all real. What had once been his familiar self - his pointed nose, his blue eyes, and the faded scar across his left cheek - now looked like that of a complete stranger. In fact, with the delicate skin and soft lips, along with the long hair that now trailed around his face and down his back, he unmistakably looked like a woman. A hot one, even. "What is happening to me?" 

Feeling the heat envelop his crotch, Alex reached between his legs in horror as he felt his once proud member slowly begin to shrink away inch by inch until it was nothing but a tiny little nub. As the folds of a vagina formed where his cock once was, he felt a nausea in his stomach as his insides shuffled around to accommodate a new set of reproductive organs, including a fully-functioning womb. 

Above, he wasn't faring much better. Feeling his chest bulge out in what was now unmistakably a pair of generous female breasts, he took his shirt off and hefted their soft, fleshy weight in his hands, each growing into generous pale D-cups capped with thick pink nipples and dark aureoles the size of poker chips. "Oh fuck, don't tell me..." 

"The wish actually came true!" Lewis exclaimed, with a mixture of shock, horror and (much to his surprise) arousal. Watching Alex take his pants off to get a better look at himself, the freshman now totally naked, he watched as a true biological woman took the place where his friend once stood. Alex — or Alexis, as anyone would call her now — looked down at her body, her mind racing to understand the magic being forced upon her. But then... Lewis thought, what happened to the rest of the spell? 

Watching in the mirror as two small nubs formed on her torso beneath her breasts, Alexis felt as another pair of boobs slowly grew to full size beneath her old pair, and soon another full pair below that. Watching her six breasts fill out in the mirror, all competing for space across his entire torso, Alexis was in awe. Jokingly, she realized that she now had all the tits she had ever wanted to play with and then some, with three pairs of boobs that wouldn't have looked out of place on a porn star. 

But before she could even start, she felt a different kind of hot sensation brimming between her legs, her newfound female parts becoming wet at the sight of her own body. Is this really turning me on? she thought, feeling the heat move downwards towards her ass that was more powerful than anything so far. "Oh, no..." 

Pain shot through Alexis' spine as it began to lengthen, her tight ass pushing out further from her body and forming a generous shelf behind her. Continuing on and exceeding regular human proportions it grew and grew until it stuck out several feet, her butt now just out of arm's reach as a mass of flesh almost resembling a second torso pointed out behind her at a 90-degree angle. Feeling the weight of her new body pull her off balance, Alexis fell back and was surprised to find herself supported by a pair of rapidly-growing legs that resembled her first two. In the area below her asshole, her skin stretched and shifted to accommodate a second functioning pussy for her back half, linking through to her first ovaries. And for the final touch she felt another two pairs of breasts grow underneath her, all hanging like heavy, milky udders underneath her body and signifying the final part of her transformation into a strange, inhuman beast. 

Slowly turning, adjusting to the bizarre feeling of having an extra set of limbs, Alex posed in utter curiosity at her surreal form. The two college friends were dumbfounded by what they saw. Alexis, the once regular nerdy freshman, was now a fantasy tauress, a naked humantaur, a pervert's chestnut-haired beast woman from the book she had once abandoned. "I'm a fucking freak!" she cried, tears rolling down her cheeks, "Look at what you did to me!" 

Lewis, frozen in surprise, watched with his mouth agape, unable to pry his eyes from Alexis' many incredible curves. He could feel his pants becoming uncomfortable in the front. 

"Stop staring at me and do something! Wish me back, quickly!" 

"On it!" said Lewis, shaking off his trance and reaching underneath the bed. Grabbing the rabbit's foot, he saw that the once brown fur was now a dull, lifeless gray. "I wish Alex was changed back to normal!" He said, clutching it in his hand. After a tense minute where nothing happened, he made the wish again with the same result. 

"Let me try." said Alexis, grabbing the foot from her friend. "I wish I was back to normal!... Please?" 

"I'm sorry... I think it only works once." said Lewis, defeated. 

"YOU'RE TELLING ME I'M STUCK LIKE THIS?!" Alexis screamed, "A FUCKING WOMAN! A WOMAN WITH TEN TITS AND FOUR LEGS! I'M A MUTANT! NOBODY IS EVER GOING TO TREAT ME LIKE NORMAL EVER AGAIN!" Sinking her head into her chest, she began sobbing, "What am I supposed to do now? My life will never be the same again..." 

* * * 

Alexis stood at her desk, tapping her pencil on the paper as she read it, tracing the first line with the tip as she followed along with her eyes to take in every word. Feeling her arm accidentally brush against a cold, hard nipple she choked back a moan, trying to focus on her work. "So I think I need to..." scanning down the page to the section that had just been obscured by her perky chest she sighed, the bottom half of the paper smudged with droplets of milk. With all the effort she was taking to adjusting to her new body, she was having difficulty returning to her old self. "Damnit, how could the Dean say that this wasn't a good enough emergency to skip my final! Ugghhh... guess it's time for my milking again." 

Reaching down she grabbed a metal pail from under her desk, and groping one of her top boobs she began squeezing her nipples into the bucket, a warm flow of delicious milk spraying out of her bosom and pooling inside of the vessel. Continuing across the line with all six breasts that covered her upper body, 15 minutes had passed and the bucket was almost a 1/4th full. Now if she was lucky, she wouldn't have to express for another few hours and could focus, if it wasn't for... 

Her bottom breasts ached, all four of them vein-y, firm and absolutely filled with milk. Swollen and extremely sensitive she could feel their weight dragging her down, swinging with every movement as they painfully tapped against both pairs of thighs. Reaching down in vain she tried desperately to reach the nipples and relieve herself, but she knew it was impossible with her now shorter, weaker arms. 

Almost on cue, she heard the door open behind her as Lewis returned from his trip, tossing his backpack onto his bed. "I talked to Miss Margaret's granddaughter again, and apparently they already sold everything. And she knew as much about magic as we did. So there's no leads there. It's really starting to look like it might be this way forever." he explained apologetically. 

"It's... fine." Alexis lied, tucking the partially filled milk bucket back under her desk. "It's really not that..." feeling the pressure inside of his boobs, he felt like he was going to burst. He had no other choice. "Okay, I can't believe I'm asking you this, but I need your help. I know I said I would never let you touch my body like this, but... my bottom boobs are SO FULL, and they're so swollen. I..." she flushed with embarrassment... "I need you to milk me." 

Lewis watched his bare friend try her best to cover her modesty, not even close to covering everything that would be considered too lewd for the public eye. Since the transformation a couple days prior, they had been unable to find any sort of clothing close to being able to properly cover Alexis' strange body. "It's the least I can do. I'll try my best." Grabbing the bucket, he moved a chair and began to grip onto his friend's lower teats, tentatively pulling on two thick nipples as milk began gushing out of them. 

"Ahhh..." Alexis sighed in relief, feeling the tension that had been slowly growing over the last few days finally get released. 

"Haha, it kind of feels like I'm milking a cow." Lewis joked, still totally entranced by the chance to play with his friend's huge breasts. 

"Oh god, it's true." said Alexis, feeling the shame of being reduced to something so dependent, and yet unmistakably there was a pleasure swelling in her body as her friend milked her like livestock. "I'm an animal... I can't believe I'm saying this but it feels really good." 

Thinking that now was his chance, Lewis reached out to Alexis' ass and traced the curves of her buttocks until his fingers were tickling the virgin folds of his friend's labia. With one finger he began to massage his clitoris as another two slid their way into her already lubricated vagina, his other hand continuing to milk and fondle her impressive hanging mammaries. 

"WHAT ARE YOU-oOoOoHhhHhHhh..." Alexis moaned as Lewis began to playfully finger her tight pussy, her eyes rolling back as the combined pressure of being milked and having her pussy played with filled her with an otherworldly sense of pleasure. Weakly whispering a modest, unconvincing protest, she felt herself giving into the pleasures of her enhanced flesh, a sexual sensation unlike she or anyone else in the world had ever experienced. For a minute she was taken away to a place in her mind where her new body was something to be used like a sex toy, unable to function in society as nothing but an object of the lust and desire of others. As the minutes dragged on, the crescendo of mind-numbing bliss that filled her being ended with her brain almost shutting off as she orgasmed for the first time as a tauress, electric throes of pure, carnal heaven filling every beautiful inch of her body. As Lewis' soaked fingers emerged from her pussy, and Alexis panted heavily from the sensation she had just witnessed, her friend grinned once again. He was up to something. 

Unbuckling his belt, he stood up and positioned himself behind Alexis' ass. Still unable to speak as she recovered from her first orgasm, she felt his hard, 7-inch dick poke her in the pussy, begging to be let inside. She wouldn't have stopped him even if she was able to. Slowly he slid his cock inside of her, filling her up and taking her body like it was designed to do. "You like this?" Lewis purred, increasing his speed as he began to thrust inside of her, no protection needed as he fucked his friend's pussy like a hound in heat, holding on by only her swinging, milky breasts. 

"GOD YES!" she screamed, not caring if the whole neighborhood could hear them fucking like freaks. She was now nothing but a sexual creature, designed to be fucked and impregnated. Torn between the desire to be filled with a man's seed and wanting the sensation of being stimulated like this never end, she began groping her own breasts, pinching her nipples as she brought upon another orgasm of the many she would be experiencing every day from then on. The irony that the young man she had once envied for his ability to get women was now taking his virginity was not lost on her. Her class notes now discarded on the floor, she gave up all worries or cares for regular life, now consigned to being nothing but a freak to stare at and an orifice to fuck. What else could she do? This body was designed for it, after all. 

"FUCK ME!" she cried, "FUCK ME HARDER!" And he did.