 Raven Barely reacted in time to catch Branwyn when she fainted. Wryly he smiled at himself this was not the reaction he had expected when he had thought about proposing to a lady. It was humbling that his Little Raven had fainted at the thought of marriage to him. Carefully he laid her prone body on the bed and covered her with the bedclothes smoothing them over her. He brushed her hair away from her face. Protectiveness filled him. She was so small and delicate. He would stand between her and the world and Gods Help any man who tried to hurt her. 

He had to drag himself away from her to fetch her gown and some damp cloths. He knew he had to dress her again before the servants returned – to save her reputation. A small part of himself wanted to compromise her to ensure she would marry him but the rest of him knew he could not bear to see her suffer the gossip. Gently he dressed her in the discarded nightgown and put her back in the bed. 

He was worried when he saw how pale she was. This was definitely not the reaction he had expected to a proposal. Looking down at himself he realised he was still hanging out if his trousers. He had not even managed to get his trousers off in his madness to plunder Branwyn. He laughed quietly at himself. No other woman had managed to make him forget himself like his Little Raven. Thoughts of her passion made his blood rush south, enough to make the fit of his trousers uncomfortable. 

----------*----------

Branwyn fought the vision but it had already taken control of her. Until the visions end she was an unwilling spectator in the drama unfolding before her. Detachedly she noticed she was in a chapel. The isle was filled with flowers but there was no scent of them in the vision. There were a few people in the pews some she recognised as Raven's friends but most were strangers to her She faced the alter it was strewn with flowers but there was no priest and none of the people in the hall seemed to be looking at the alter they were all staring at something behind her. Then she heard it, the clash of metal on metal and her eyes widened in dread. She spun around and screamed but no sound came out of her mouth; her breath stuck in her throat chocking her on her own scream. 

She saw her brother's sword descend over Raven's head. At the last minute Raven blocked the blow and kicked her brother thrusting him away. She moved to run forward and tripped over the hem of her dress. Looking down she realised distantly she was wearing a wedding dress and that it was her wedding day. The sight of her brother attacking Raven again froze her to the spot She watched in horror as her brother attacked relentlessly screaming his anger at Raven. 

Raven dodged a particularly vicious swing and his own blade flickered in the light moving to strike before his opponent recovered. Blood appeared on her brother's cheek and he swung wildly in retaliation swearing revenge. His mad attack broke through Raven's defence and blood spilled down Raven's arm, red against the white of his shirt, but he made the injury count as her brother backed away bleeding freshly from his hip. The momentary paralysis wore off and Branwyn picked up her skirts and ran forward determined to stop the fight somehow...

----------*----------

Raven froze at the sound of a choked scream from the bed turning he rushed across the room in a few quick strides but Branwyn did not move or show any further signs of awakening. She lay on the bed motionless and pale. Even her breathing was shallow. It was as if she had retreated from the world. Gently he brushed his fingers over her cheeks and lips. He lent down and brushed his lips against hers but there was no response. 

"Where are you my Little One? Where have you gone?" he whispered inches from her skin. Closing his eyes he pressed his thumb gently against her lips. "Where ever you are come back to me. You are mine now, I'm not going to let you go!" Pushing away from the bed he paced around the room stopping occasionally to stare helplessly at the motionless figure. As she continued to show no signs of waking his helplessness grew and so did a tiny seed of anger. 

He had only asked her to marry him; a simple no would have sufficed. Not that he would have accepted it – he would have tied her up again and teased her with pleasure till she could not say no to him. He smiled at the memory of Branwyn tied underneath him as he thrust into her hard and fast till they both shattered explosively. His smile faded as he glanced over at the bed. Surely this was a little extreme. He hadn't thought his Little Raven was prone to dramatics, in fact he had thought the opposite. 

She had taken the changes and in her life with dignity and courage that had made him admire her. Distracted by his thoughts he stubbed his toe against a stool in his pacing and frustrated he kicked it across the room. It gave a satisfying crack as it hit the wall he stared at it for a moment as it landed broken on the floor then continued to pace around the room in frustration. 

Branwyn began to thrash on the bed and Ravens hands curled into fists as he stared helplessly at her. Servants and society be damned he was going to kiss her till she came back to him and overwhelm her with passion till she submitted to him. Striding purposefully towards the bed he was relieved and disappointed when Branwyn sat up on the bed suddenly, her hands flailed for a moment, fighting with the bedding before her eyes flew open. 

"No!" the frantic denial spilled from her throat as she came back to herself with a crash the vision shattering around her and throwing her out. 

Her eyes immediately searched for Raven, spying him hovering by the bed she threw the covers off and flung herself into his arms. Startled he had to take two steps backward as he caught her to brace them both. Desperately she wrapped her legs around his waist and clung to him sobbing into his shoulder and running her hands over his body trying to reassure herself that he was unhurt. 

Raven was baffled, one minute Branwyn had been unconscious on the bed, pale as death, and he had been debating between fucking her and calling a medic, and now she was wrapped around him as if she could not get close enough and sobbing into his shoulder. Awkwardly he stroked her back and hair unsure of how to comfort her but desperate to stop her tears. 

"Shhhh, Little One. It is okay, there is nothing here to hurt you." When her tears only intensified he stopped trying to comfort her with words and restricted himself to making comforting noises and stroking her back. Moving Carefully he took both of them to the bed and sat down with Branwyn in his lap her legs still wrapped around his waist and her arms around his neck. Softly he kissed her hair. "Shhhh, Little Raven, Shhhh." He whispered against the top of her head. 

Branwyn felt Raven move but she didn't care where he was taking her as long as he didn't try to leave her. She needed to hold him to reassure herself that he was hers. She sought his lips with her own, kissing her way up his shoulder seeking a connection between them. Her lips stroked along his neck and over the join between throat and jaw. She could not resist setting her teeth against the strong flesh she found there and testing it. Raven's helpless groan vibrated against her, but her lips continued their journey till the reached his mouth. She attacked his mouth with every bit of passion, need and fear she felt. She ran her tongue over his lips tasting him and her own tears. She moaned against him at the combination of his skin and salt from her sorrow.  

His lips were hot against hers and his cheeks were rough against the skin of her face. His slight stubble was prickly against her cheek when she moved one way, scratching her slightly as she kissed him and velvet soft when she moved back. The contrast intrigued her so she contented herself for a moment experimenting with the feeling of his cheeks against. She ran her tongue over his lips, and when he parted his lips she slipped her tongue between them, she did not try to prevent the groan that spilled from her mouth into his as the taste of him flooded her senses.

With a sigh Raven gave himself to the kiss as lust overwhelmed him and drowned his concern and need for answers; there was nothing left but the taste of his Little One filling him and the feeling of her wrapped around him. He revelled in her passion lifting his hands from the bed to frame her face he tangled his tongue with hers.

Branwyn poured herself into the kiss till she was writhing with desire in Ravens lap. Groaning Raven dropped his hands to her hips and pulled her more firmly against his turgid cock so she ground her heat directly over his erection

"Oh Goddess" he whispered hoarsely as he tore his lips from hers "What do you do to me?"

"Mmmm" Branwyn murmured claiming his lips again, "Just don't stop," she spoke the words into his mouth, Her hands sliding over his back and chest restlessly. He felt strong beneath her curious hands the hard planes of his muscles so different from her own softer curves. She playfully ran one finger down the centre-line of his body from the base of his throat to his belly button and was amazed to feel his muscles quiver beneath her finger. Leaving his lips she trailed her mouth over his cheeks and chin rubbing her tongue over the slight shadow of stubble on his skin, tasting his skin. She was excited to find the pulse throbbing in his neck. She rubbed her tongue over it feeling the heat of his blood under the skin 

"Mmmm" Branwyn groaned at the taste of him "Raven..." she licked the hollow of his throat and ran her fingers over his chest through his shirt. She explored the small v of flesh exposed by the open neck with her mouth. She laughed against him as his fingers clenched on her shoulders

He ran his fingers into her hair and pulled her head away from his chest. He didn't want to end her explorations, but the servants would be coming soon to clear away their breakfast and he couldn't compromise her like that. She licked her lips and he almost stopped caring about the servants. When she groaned he had to let of her head to clench his hands, Branwyn immediately took the opportunity to fasten her lips to his licking and caressing his mouth. It was his turn to groan involuntarily as he instinctively kissed her back.

Wrenching his lips from hers he looked at her. The morning sun was still pouring through the windows framing her in light. Her demure nightgown was caught around her hips baring the smooth flesh of her thighs as her legs surrounded him. The fabric of her nightgown pooled at her waist teasing him with thoughts of what lay beneath. Her face was flushed with heat and her lips were full and swollen stained a deep, deep red by desire. Her eyes were half closed but he could see the lust in them as she gazed at him

Unconsciously he licked his lips. He could not believe that he had gone months without realising she wanted him. He stroked her cheeks gently struggling to hold onto control when every fibre in his body was screaming at him to take her - to reinforce his claim on her.

"Little Raven" he cupped her chin and brought her eyes back to his, "We can't do this now! The servants... They can't see us like this" Branwyn looked down at herself and blushed realising how terrible she must look. Her hair was a tangled mess around her head a black cloud that would take her at least half an hour to brush back to some semblance of order. Her nightgown was creased and crumpled around her waist.

Branwyn scrambled out of Raven's lap. She must look like one of the harlots she heard the male servants talking about. Her nightgown fell to her feet as she stood but the fabric was dishevelled beyond repair as she tried to smooth it with his hands. 

"I'm sorry, ..." She whispered to her hands clasping them together "...I didn't think." Raven smiled and smoothed his hand over her hair and tucked it behind her ears. She glanced up at him through her lashes, her teeth worrying her lower lip as she fretted over what to do. 

Raven looked at her appreciatively. The nightgown covered her from head to toe but it floated around her clinging provocatively to her flesh before floating away to kiss elsewhere giving tantalising hints of the body beneath. It draped softly over her breasts and the ties at her neck were open exposing the merest hint of cleavage but even that sliver of skin made his mouth water with the desire to peel back the nightgown to expose her nipples to his hungry gaze, to suckle and stroke. 

He watched her move nervously from foot to foot. Her unfettered breasts shaking under the gown as she shifted her weight. The sight forced him close his eyes and clench his hands to maintain his control and not throw her down beneath him on the bed or floor. He wanted to stalk her across the room and watch as she retreated before him her eyes full of nervousness and desire as she took each step slowly backwards in reaction to his advance till she hit the wall and could retreat no further then he would cover her body with his own pressing her against the wall as he devoured her... 

He bit his tongue to chase away the images from his mind. Later when she agreed to be his and they were alone again he would take her in every imaginable way. He had to content himself with that thought for the moment – later....

Branwyn bit her lip in indecision. She needed Raven so much it was almost a physical pain. The vision of him in danger had shaken her to the core. She couldn't marry him or her brother would try to kill him. She had to run and hide to save him to keep him safe. The thought of leaving him made her want to cry out at the unfairness of it all. 

Raven broke into her thoughts when he touched her cheek, the merest whisper of skin against skin. He frowned at the look of misery in her eyes. 

"When we are married we won't have to worry about the servants. He kissed her gently smiling against her lips. Branwyn stiffened in shock; she had hoped he would give her more time. She needed time to think to find the strength to refuse him when her heart cried out for her to accept. She stood stiffly under Raven's lips though it took all her will power not to throw herself into the kiss. She wanted him so much and it would be so easy to submit to him but she couldn't let Raven face her brother, she couldn't let him get hurt, not because of her! 

Raven pulled back from the kiss, his hands on her shoulders confused by her lack of response. "What's wrong?" he asked in a low tone. Branwyn just shook her head, unable to speak around the obstruction in her throat that had formed at the thought of leaving Raven. 

"It'll be ok Little One. What ever it is, I will take care of it. Just talk to me." He pulled her close against his chest desperate to find out what was making her so distant. He felt her breath tickle his chest as she buried her face in his shoulder and sighed. 

Raven was warm and comforting as he held her. She could feel the strength in his arms as the encircled her and she felt safe. Breathing deeply she was surrounded by his masculine scent. How she wished she could stay there forever. Lifting her head she pressed her lips against the hollow at the base of his throat letting her tongue play over the thin skin, she closed her eyes to savour the sensation. If she had to leave she needed to feel the touch of his hands and see his eyes heavy with passion, to hear the heat in his voice and know it was all for her. 

When Raven's hands moved to her shoulders she almost sobbed, he was going to push her away again.

"Please..." she whispered, "please I need...." She broke off and sighed

Raven froze in the act of forcing himself to let go of Branwyn though it was the last thing he wanted to do. "What do you need Little Raven?" he spoke softly his hands resting on her shoulders.

"I need..." She paused gathering her courage. She ducked her head and buried it in his shoulder, "I need to be yours again, to feel your passion and know I'll never belong to another. That no matter what I'll always be yours"

Branwyn's words dropped into his mind like bombs igniting the fires he was trying to bank. There was something strange about what she was saying but the knowledge that she was his and wanted to be his inflamed his desire past the limits of his control.

His fingers tightened on her shoulders and his head dipped of its own accord as his lips sought hers. His eyes closed as she gave herself completely to the kiss and his mind rejoiced she was his and soon they would declare it before the Gods, the whole world would know she was his mind rejoiced. The kiss lengthened until they were feasting on each other's mouths. Branwyn's mouth was hungry against his as she nibbled on his lips and stroked his tongue with hers. 

They didn't hear the sound of a hastily indrawn breath at the door way but the sound of crashing plates had them jumping apart guiltily. Vanessa, Branwyn's maid stood by the balcony door blushing furiously, a tray full of dishes lay shattered at her feet. 

"My Lord, My Lady, forgive me! I was startled please forgive me. I will not breath a word of this to anyone." Still apologising furiously Vanessa backed out of the room onto the balcony leaving the devastation of breakfast dishes on the floor. Branwyn and Raven listened to her progress through the receiving room until the door clicked shut behind her. Silence held the room. 

"I'm, sorry" Branwyn said quietly you said that they were coming but I didn't listen."

"Shhhh, it's ok. It just means I have to make our wedding announcement as soon as possible." Branwyn froze with dread. Raven straightened his clothes and started walking towards the door.

"But I can't marry you" Branwyn blurted out desperately. It was Raven's turn to freeze his hand on the door. He half turned with a look of comic disbelief on his face.

"What!" he demanded

"I can't marry you" Branwyn repeated a little more firmly. 

"By all the Gods, why in heavens name not?" Raven asked through gritted teeth. "You are mine, you belong to me. I claimed you, why can't you marry me? Is there someone else?"

"I will never belong to another. " Branwyn exclaimed shocked at the accusation. "No-one else will ever touch me as you have, but I can not marry you." Branwyn said in distress turning away from him and wrapping her arms around herself to try and hold the feelings inside her that were threatening to spill out and overwhelm her. Sorrow, despair, anger and fear all churned inside it and underneath it all was lust and need still smouldering from their passionate kiss.

"Damn it Branwyn" Raven's voice rose with every word. "What nonsense is this" he grabbed her shoulders and shook her "What are you saying?" She could see anger in his eyes as he stared at her and she had to look away She should have never have said but she could not lie to him in any way. 

"I'm sorry" she began hesitantly

"Sorry!" he exploded "Sorry! What in all that's holy does that mean? You're sorry for sleeping with me? For lying to me?"

"I never lied" Branwyn exclaimed indignantly hugging herself tighter in misery. 

"You said you belonged to me! That you were mine!" Raven spat out glaring at her.

"I'll always belong to you. I just can't marry you." She said miserably her eyes fixed on her hands as she wound her fingers together in distress. 

"You asked me to claim you, and I did; you're mine now!" 

"That was before..." Branwyn bit her lip. 

"Before what?" Raven shouted inches from her face.

Branwyn flinched and Raven swore when he saw it. He had to reign in his temper if he was going to solve what was going on in his Little Raven's head. Taking a deep breath Raven slowly forced his muscles to relax and his hands to unclench. 
