 Lord Ravenscrest sat and waited for the woman with the sad eyes, she had not appeared the last two times he had passed this way and waited for her. He needed to see her to hear her voice, the vision he waited to behold, and the reason he sat in the tree sweating in the summer heat be. He fidgeted impatient, Waiting and hoping that today she would come to her window to sing. He stared at the rough grey walls of the tower that jutted out of the trees, its roof piercing their foliage and reaching for the sun. 

Then he saw her she was a vision to behold as she stood at the single window, thick black –blue hair fell down her back in waves that curled to her hips. Her breasts strained against the tread bare gown, her body tapering to a thin waist before being obscured by the window sill. He wished he could see the rest of her as her sad green eyes swept of the trees and fields below her lonely domain. As he had so many times he wondered who she was and why she was locked in the tower, and his gaze travelled up her body to rest at her throat where the thick silver collar glinted as she swallowed, the key hanging out of her dress bobbing slightly as each breath made her bosom swell.

The music started softly hauntingly, the sound sad and thin. As she sang the sound swelled and grew, changing on the air as her eyes began to gleam and in that brief moment, for the duration of the song, he saw her happiness. This was what had drawn him here and drew him back time and time again. The air was filled with beauty and he smiled. He had heard her as he rode home, and he knew he had to find the singer, had to hear that voice again, so here he was sitting uncomfortably in a tree for the chance to hear her sing and to see her again. 

Her voice faltered and the song stopped, tears dripped down her cheeks her eyes now sparkling with unshed tears as her joy faded. He saw her fingers trace the collar that trapped her slim neck before dropping to the key that hung between her breasts. He wanted to call out to her to try to bring the happiness back to make it shine in her eyes again, he wanted to raise his hand and wipe away her tears and snap the collar from her neck but he couldn’t. Swearing softly, he made a vow on her tears that he would find out who she was and why she was locked in a tower without a door. He promised himself that he would solve her mystery and free her. 

He was so wrapped up in his thoughts that he didn’t notice the rider and the horse until the man dismounted by the base of the tower. Shocked for he had never seen anyone in his many visits he silently swung out of the tree and crept closer to watch. Raising his hands the stranger began to speak, the words slithering off his tongue as a section of the tower wall swung open. The stranger entered and the wall sealed itself behind him. 

Lord Ravenscrest smiled to himself he now knew how to enter the tower, just a simple spell of opening laughing softly he scrambled back up the tree to see if he could see what was going on in the tower. Was this a lover who locked her up in a fit of jealousy? His fists clenched at the thought but he settled down to wait and to watch – He may be able to get in the tower but he had yet to find out how to get out. Being trapped inside with her would not aid either of them.

She appeared suddenly backing away from the stranger inside, till her thighs hit the window frame. Even over the distance he could see her body tremble and her knuckles whiten on the sill. Her head shook furiously, whipping from side to side but she did not utter a word. He saw the fist fly out and slap her across the face before the sharp crack of flesh striking flesh reached his ears. With a cry, that made his fists clench and his eyes see red, she fell to the floor. Then the man began screaming, a furious rant as the he stood over her, his back to the window. “How dare you, you stupid bitch! Is this how you repay me, sister dear, for my protection? By singing! By attracting attention!” each shouted exclamation was punctuated by a whimper from the woman on the floor as he struck her.

“How many times do I have to tell you? How many times do I have to punish you?” The man’s face was flushed as he turned and scanned the trees outside the window. Lord Ravenscrest froze in his hiding place but the man inside, her brother, just turned around. Raising his voice again his face flushed with anger he started fiercely at the girl who lay sobbing at his feet

“No-one must know you are here, do you understand?” He briefly bent out of sight “You are mine! No one will ever find you and do not think about escaping I would kill you before I let another use you! Answer me! Do you understand?” As Lord Ravenscrest’s blood boiled below with a slow anger, he strained his ears to here her muffled reply. He almost sobbed to hear the pain drown that beautiful voice that had sung so freely only moments before. The mans voice came again harshly demanding “Now tell me sister dear what I need to know”…. “Tell me”

“Please … No”. Again the sound of flesh on flesh and then a sharp piercing cry and from the trees Lord Ravenscrest could not endure any more he climbed down the tree and ran to the tower muttering the spell to open the door. He would worry about escaping the tower later but he couldn’t sit by and se another man hurt and terrorise her… her own brother he thought incredulously. 

He slipped into the tower and then looked desperately for somewhere to hide as he heard footsteps on the stair. The stranger was leaving. The lord quickly crept behind the stairs as he heard the man cruelly call over his shoulder to his sister “It has been a pleasure sister dear… until next time”

Silently Ravenscrest waited listening for the exit spell. As soon as the door closed he sprinted up the stairs checking carefully for any other inhabitants. He passed three floors leading off the central spiralling staircase as he climbed upwards, a kitchen, a storeroom and one empty room, all devoid of life before he reached the door at the top of the stairs. He paused out side it to calm himself slightly, he did not what to scare her. 

Taking a deep breath he pushed the door open and looked around for her. At first he thought the room was impossibly empty but then he saw her curled in the shadows her emerald eyes closed, tears leaked out under her eyelids to spill down her cheeks. One hand was pressed to her mouth the other wrapped around her knees as she shivered on the floor. His breath caught in his throat and he had to swallow hard to control himself. She looked so fragile so delicate lying on the floor; he could not imagine being able to leave the bruises that were blossoming on her face, or being able to cause the tears the fell from the lovely eyes.

He went to her and lifted her into his arms, she didn’t stir she didn’t even seem to notice as he placed her gently on top of the faded coverlet on her bed. Crossing the room he picked up the pitcher of water on the wash stand and returned to kneel by the side of her bed. Pulling a square of cloth from the pouch at his belt he dampened it in the cool water and pressed it gently to her face. Her eyes flickered open and she stared at him in fear. When she opened her mouth to speak, he gently pressed her fingers over her mouth silencing her. 

Reaching in to the simple first aid kit that experience had taught him to carry, he pulled out some bruise balm. he opened the bottle and with tender fingers he started to apply it to her cheek. She gasped at the cooling lotion and starred at him in confusion. He smiled at her and lifted her into a sitting position taking care not to hurt her. Pouring a glass of water he held it to her lips, she drank thirstily gulping the cool liquid down

“Better?” he asked and she nodded slowly moving slowly so as not to startle her he lay her back down on the bed and carefully began to unbutton the front of her dress to expose the bruises that slipped over her skin under it . He gasped as the sight of her body. It was just as beautiful as he had expected. The full firm breasts swelled with each breath she took. His gaze resting a moment on the key nestled between them before roving down her body. He traced the outline of her waist with his gaze, before dropping to stare at the thatch of sable hair that curled softly at the apex of her thighs. 

The sight of the fresh bruised angered him, but even more the sight of old bruises that faded sickly green and yellow on her body made him furious. Her brother obviously visited regularly, she saw the fury in his eyes and cringed away from him. That shocked him into swallowing his anger, he smiled gently at her and stroked her unblemished cheek caressing and calming. 

Pouring more of the bruise balm on to his hand he began to spread it over her body his fingers caressing her ski softly. She shivered under his ministrations. He caressed every inch of her body with the soothing lotion, his hands lingering almost involuntarily over her soft, firm breasts. Of their own mind his fingers caressed her skin tugging gently at her nipples till she writhed underneath his hands and her eyes filled with confusion and lust. A moan slipped from her mouth startling him, he snatched his hands from her breasts shocked at himself. 

Slipping his hands under her, without catching her eyes, he turned her over, she moved docilely, limp in his arms. She did not even complain as he removed the rest of her dress leaving her naked before him. With long firm strokes he rubbed the bruise balm into her back. His mind drifted as he admired the smooth lines of her back and the curve of her bottom, his hands following his eyes. 

She tensed and jumped as his hands slipped over her bottom then settled as his hands moved on he smiled ad repeated the motion getting the same response. The sensations made her muscles tense and relax as she fought not to giggle. He did not give up till she was writhing and giggling as he tickled her. She tried to fight free but his hands followed her wherever she wriggled. Eventually she stopped him be rolling on her back. He could see evidence of arousal caught glistening on the curls between her legs and he felt an answering throb at his groin but he ignored it. He was glad just to see her smile again. He could smell her, the scent of musk hung heavy on the air. And he had to have her. Fighting for restraint, he shoved himself away from the bed breathing heavily desire burning in his veins. 

“Let’s get you out of here” he blurted and her smile fell.

“I can’t” she muttered looking away from him. He slid his palm under her chin and turned her face to stare into her eyes “I can not pass the door while I am wearing this collar.

“Why don’t we take it off then” he said not, understanding as tears began to fall slowly down her face. “ Hey, none of that, it will be alright, I promise” he wrapped he arms about her pulling her close and. Laying her head against his shoulder he held he stroking her hair trying to comfort her.

“I am geas bound” she sobbed, and he felt his anger grow. “I can not remove the collar even though I hold the key she pulled back to show the key he had noticed earlier. Ravenscrest was amazed at the cruelty of such a simple object. To taunt her every day, every moment, her brother had given the key to her freedom then torn all hope from her. His arms tightened as he held her even closer to him leaning down he pressed his lips to her forehead kissing her softly. She pulled back slightly

“Who are you?” she asked suddenly “why do you care what happens to me?” there was suspicion in her voice, and in her eyes. Moving slowly he kissed them closed leaving a trail of feather light kisses across her face. He flicked his lips over hers and then pulled back.

“Sorry, my name is Ravenscrest, but my friends call me Raven” a smile flickered at her lips but there was still suspicion in her eyes “I heard you singing as I rode past, and I had to stop and listen” unable to stop himself he pressed his lips to hers again, till he felt her begin to melt against him “I saw you brother come to visit,” she stiffened slightly but he did not stop “ I could not just leave you I had to try to help. I am only sorry I did not come earlier.” 

“You mean that don’t you” she stared shocked “you just wanted to help” Then a smile curled her lips “my name is Branwyn” He smiled, two ravens, brought together by fate. He leant forward and kissed her. He wanted her, needed her` he needed to hold her forever to feel her in his arms. He couldn’t stop, couldn’t control himself. Something had wrapped a hand around his common sense and was pushing him on. She didn’t struggle as he pressed his mouth to hers more firmly he parted her lips under his, as his tongue flicked across them teasingly. 

She was soft and pliant against him. One part of his mind stood back, he couldn’t believe he was doing this, he couldn’t believe he was taking advantage of her like this, but he couldn’t stop. She yielded under his hands, the warmth of her body reaching him through his clothes as he devoured her lips. He pulled back to look at her, there was no fear in her eyes, only lust. 

He grinned down at her and she smiled back tentatively. He stroked her hand over her face and noticed peripherally that the bruise balm was working, fading the swelling on her cheek to almost nothing. His fingers traced out the line of her lips before following the line of her jaw to cup her chin, her body pressed to his of its own violation and he smiled, she was responding to him. 

He could feel the tightness of his trousers at the groin, but he tried to ignore the way her body curved against him. He may not have enough will power to stop, but he could make sure she enjoyed the experience. He kissed her lips nibbling and teasing with his tongue. His mouth followed the path of his fingers, Skimming down her neck, and over her shoulders tracing little wet patterns on her skin with her tongue, tracing the flesh at the edge of her collar. He found the hollow at the base of her throat and brushed his tongue over it making her shudder. His lips tormented her as the worked his way back up her neck to nibble her earlobe, his warm breath caressing the curved shell and making her shiver. She moaned quietly and let him push her back onto the bed. His fingers stroking her body awakening it to sensations it had never known. With tenderness he took one nipple between his lips his fingers running lightly over the other. She shivered as he pulled his mouth away and the air cooled the wet point he watched it tighten before engulfing it once more in the warm wet cavern of his mouth. Her back arched pressing more of the flesh into his mouth; His tongue teased her aureole, teeth tugging gently at the nipple, His fingers mirrored the pattern on the other breast, she gasped and writhed underneath him. He released her breast, only to take the other immediately between his lips to give it the same attention. 

His free hand slowly traced patterns down over her quivering stomach, dipping briefly into her belly button and tickling lightly. Slipping his hands to the top of her legs, teasing her curls, she groaned and parted her legs for him. He looked at her, her eyes were closed and her face glowed with pleasure, a smile hovering over her lips as she gasped as moaned her back arching and relaxing as he sucked powerfully on her nipple.

His hand crawled over her skin and slipped between her lips to caress her petals. She bucked slightly, involuntarily against him, and whimpered. Slowly teasingly he parted her lips and rubbed his fingers over her. Her eyes flew open, wide with surprise as lightening coursed through her body. He slipped one long finger into her stroking her slowly to a frenzy of passion his thumb caressing the bud of her rose as it peeked out of its hiding place. She writhed under his skilled hands, her body began to open up to him and he slipped another finger into her warm wet heat 

The orgasm built inside her and slithered out like liquid molten gold surprising her with an intense fall of pleasure like nothing she had never known before. He smiled as he watched he writhe on the bed. He leant down to kisser her as she came back to earth; giving herself to him she parted her lips and kissed him back. He felt a bolt of pleasure spear through him and he knew he had to have her, to feel him move underneath him. 

He ended the kiss and stood up, off the bed his eyes locking with hers as he began to undo the ties on his shirt. She liked her lips as he exposed her chest to her. It was smooth and golden, tanned by hours of sword practice in conditions too hot to wear a shirt. The muscles defined and flexing as he pulled his arms from the sleeves he heard her breath hitch as he removed his belt letting it fall to he floor with a clatter. His fingers moved to the fastenings of his breaches and he caught her eyes, she swallowed and he smiled comfortingly as he peeled the leather down his legs, he wore nothing underneath them and his manhood sprung free her eyes widened at the sight and her tongue flicked over her lips again, her eyes wide. Stepping out of his trousers he moved back to the bed. 

Tentatively her hand moved, she had to touch him, but she couldn’t say why. He gasped as her fingers ran over him curiously exploring biting his lips he watched her face as she stroked his length and rubbed the tip. Her eyes fixed on the throbbing flesh before her. Her face was a picture on innocent concentration as she explored every inch of him he looked into his face and blushed furiously, but he smiled encouragingly. 

Her hand tensed in embarrassment and he groaned, suddenly she smiled taking a firmer grip she began to rub her hand up and down watching his face. When he closed his eyes and threw his head back her grin got wider, she recognised his groans from her early ones and doubled her efforts. With a groan he pulled himself free of her hands and took several deep breaths. When he looked in to her now pouting face he laughed. A slow flush crawled over her skin and she looked away. Taking her chin he turned her back to him and kissed her fiercely.

“If you had continued but a moment more, my little Raven, then I would have been spent, and as much as your hands pleased me I want to give you more, much more.” Reaching down he slipped his fingers over her and into her caressing her clit gently, still sensitive she bucked on to his hand and he felt the moisture drip over his fingers. Pulling he hand away, he slipped his fingers between his lips, his tongue licking her essence from his fingers. He groaned at the taste, and stretched himself out on the beside her, slowly he began to kiss his way down her body pausing briefly at her breasts making her arch against him. Her uninhibited reactions sending desire coursing through him. 

She tensed momentarily as he pressed his lips to her heat, but relaxed as she felt his tongue flick out and taste her wetness the tip catching the little nub at the top of her opening. A startled groan slipped from her lips and when she jerked against him he began to devour her, the taste of her sweetness making him light headed, his tongue flicked all over her, his lips caressing her as he explored her petals sucking them briefly before moving on. She bucked against him as he slipped his tongue inside her and began to press herself against his face. He flicked his tongue over her clit and she moaned her breath coming out in mewling gasps. 

The sound of her pleasure spurred him on and he sucked the bundle of nerves into is mouth simultaneously he slipped two fingers into her, stroking her heat making her squirm and thrash. He felt her muscles flex around his fingers as the orgasm began to course through her. He lapped at her drinking her honey as pleasure rippled through her. Moving slowly he shifted up her body, till he was positioned at her entrance. He covered her mouth with his swallowing the sounds of her gratification. When he felt her body go limp under his, he flexed his hips entering her slightly, just the tip of his flesh entering her. 
