 The Ravens #1- Siege at Mermaid Beach

10:45 am
Mermaid Beach
Island Nation of Xenobia

Looking to the Indian Ocean on a clear sunny afternoon, Vanessa Vander, a 5'9, 34-24-34 woman in her early thirties with long wavy dark brown hair, walks naked on the sandy grounds of the clothing-optional Mermaid Beach wearing only her sunglasses and a layer of sun tan oil on her entire body. The tanned and toned muscular features of tall blond naked man is immediately noticed by Vanessa as he runs and dives into the calm waves of the water.

After a week of grading papers, Vanessa begins to welcome the pleasant distractions the beach offers as she discreetly observes the nude Adonis swimming further outward. She hopes he doesn't swim to far and risk drowning, but quickly foresees it as an opportunity to play lifeguard for him. Sudden yelling nearby rudely interrupted further thought of this scenario. 

"Get lost, you creep." Yells a female voice.

Vanessa turns his sight to the source of the yelling and sees from a short distance four young naked girls on a beach blanket defensively covering themselves as they are blatantly ogled through the camcorder of a man in his early twenties in blue running shorts and white sneakers.

And I was hoping an uneventful day. Vanessa thinks as she walks over.

As Vanessa gets closer, she recognizes some of the girls from her class. The man with the camcorder continues to view and record the naked students despite their obvious objection.

"Turn that camera off, asshole." Demands a mocha-skinned 18 year-old girl, furiously throwing aside her towel as she stands up.

"Yeah, show those tits, babe." Cheers the cameraman as if he is oblivious to her distain.

"Tracy, what's going on?" Vanessa asks as she nears her student.

In response, the cameraman turns the camcorder to Vanessa, centering on her oil-covered breasts.

"Hey, Professor Vander." Tracy greets. "We're just minding our own business when this asshole starts filming us."

"What?" The cameraman questions with a near hostel attitude. "You have no problem walking around bare-ass naked for everyone to see."

"Maybe it's your people skills." Vanessa suggests, tossing aside her sunglasses as she walks to the cameraman. "Now turn that off."

The cameraman takes a few steps back from Vanessa, lowering the camcorder to her recently shaved vagina. "Come on, show me your ass." Frustrated by the further objectifying, Vanessa grabs the camcorder and tries to pull it away.

"Let go, bitch." Orders the cameraman.

"I think you should let go." Vanessa advises.

"Hey, asshole." Tracy calls to the cameraman as she takes a few steps back. "I'd listen to her."

"What are you gonna do, bitch?" spats the cameraman.

Vanessa only replies with a small smile. Still struggling to retrieve his camcorder the cameraman, Ted Kenmore from Anaheim, California, notices the unusual and rapid increase of heat from Vanessa. Then to his shock he sees flames to take form on Vanessa entire body, causing him to let go of the camcorder to back away. The fire emanating from Vanessa's body suddenly intensifies, Ted falls backwards on the sand by this. Looking up, he sees the woman who a minute ago thought was another naked woman waiting for her inhibitions to recorded for his friends to appreciate now standing consumed in fire with her hair now pitch black flowing from the waves of heat.

"Oh, shit!" says the shocked cameraman. "You're Fire Angel!"

In a few seconds, the flames dissipate, returning Vanessa to her human appearance. She tosses the smoldering lump of plastic between the cameraman's legs.

"You fucking bitch!" yells Ted. "Why the fuck did you have to do that?"

"Vanessa." A familiar female voice calls.

Vanessa looks to the direction of the voice, upwards. Looking up to the sky, she sees an unclothed 5'7, 35-24-33 Asian female with black shoulder-length hair in her early twenties descent towards her, carried through the air by white feathered wings. Gracefully landing on her feet, Isha Hoang a.k.a. Nightingale walks to her naked colleague.

"I saw you flame up." Says Isha. "Anything wrong?"

"That bitch melted my camera." Yells Ted.

"Take your camera and go or I'll burn your shorts off." Orders Vanessa.

"Yeah, you'd like to see what I got under this, don't ya?" boosts Ted as he stands up.

"Fine then, show us." Dares Isha walking to the man in blue shorts. "I mean Delilah made this is a nude beach so people would have a place to shed their inhibitions." Isha stops in front of Ted with a stern look. "So why don't you get naked with the rest of us and show us what you got."

"Yeah, you mean that?" eagerly asks Ted.

"Yeah." Answers Isha. "Or you could leave with some dignity because I don't think your package will be impressive enough. But if it is, then you would have gotten rid of those shorts as soon as you got here."

Ted pauses for a few seconds as he processes Isha's statement, which takes while longer than most men. "Fuck this." He says and walks pass Isha. "I should've figured it was a waste of time going to an island run by women."

"Well, if you're not pleased with your stay in Xenobia, complain to Delilah." Says Vanessa.

******To be free from the distractions of nude bodies running around her, Cassie Sawyer, a 5'3 nineteen year-old girl with her light brown hair tied back sits at the shady back of the Mermaid's Smoothie Shack to focus on reading her paperback book while sucking back her banana smoothie. Being in a nearly isolated spot, Cassie feels less self-conscious as she did when she sat at the front of the shack in her baggy denim overalls and pink t-shirt.

"Hey, Cassie."

Cassie looks up from her book to see Vanessa and Isha walking to her.

"Oh, hey." Cassie softly replies.

"What are you doing way back here?" asks Isha. "The sun and fun is over there."

"I'm good." Assures Cassie. "I just wanted to catch up on my reading without any distractions."

"You read in a library, you swim at a beach." States Isha in a subtly harsh tone.

"Oh, well I have a swimsuit underneath if it gets hot." Says Cassie.

"Cassie, it's a nude beach." Isha strongly states. "You don't..."

Vanessa quickly rises to her hand in a stopping gesture to Isha.

"Listen, Cassie, we're going to get some lunch in about an hour." Says Vanessa. "We'll meet here, okay?"

"Sure." Answers Cassie. "Vanessa, shouldn't you have some sunscreen on?"

"Shit, I must has burned it all off." Says Vanessa, looking down her nude body.

Cassie watches Vanessa and Isha walk back to the beach and admires how bold and confident are to be naked in public and act so causal about it. She wonders if she made the right decision to join Delilah's super-team, the Ravens. The university scholarship Delilah offered was too good to past up but in the past month of working and living with them, Cassie begins to wonder if she can truly fit in with them. Then Cassie reminds herself it's not her they wanted, but her alter ego.

"Why were you being like that to Cassie?" asks Vanessa.

"I was just trying to tell her she didn't need to bring a swimsuit." Explains Isha.

"Well, obviously she's shy." Says Vanessa. "It wasn't easy getting her to come with us."

"Why did you?" asks Isha. 

"I couldn't leave her at the apartment." Retorts Vanessa. "And besides, there was a time you wouldn't even show your wings in public, let alone your body."

Isha looks to Vanessa with offence, thinking Vanessa had no right to remind her of her stifling childhood to compare her with Cassie. Even if she's right.

The two nude super-women are nearing the ocean waters, Vanessa continues walking until she is up to her knees in water, she looks behind her and sees Isha standing with the wet sand beneath her feet.

"You coming?" invites Vanessa.

"Why swim?" smiles Isha, as her wings flaps, slowly lifting her off the sand. "When you can fly."

"So it okay to fly instead of swim in a nude beach?" asks Vanessa, in effort to contradict Isha's rules of proper nude beach conduct.

"Swimming in the buff is a great liberating feeling." Isha explains. "But when you're flying through the air with miles of open space all around you, that's a whole new level."

"Really?" asks Vanessa.

"Yeah." Answers Isha, ascending higher and higher. "But it helps not to be on fire."

Vanessa watches the airborne Isha soar over her and continues to climb higher above the ocean to the sun-filled sky. She continues observing her winged friend until her sights catches the blond Adonis she admired earlier. Vanessa notices how he seems able to swim without any problem. So much her rescue attempt. But as a member of the Ravens, it's her duty to protect the people of Xenobia and it would prudent for her to swim over and inquires for any assistance.

Maybe he'll want to be rescued.

******

Isha feels the cool winds on her skin as she reaches higher in the sky until the ocean below her seems so far away. She closes her eyes as she faces the sun and with one strong flap of her wings is flung even higher. Isha quickly folds her wings and spreads her limbs out. As the upward momentum continues, she feels the rays of the sun on her entire front, Isha saviors the sensation giving in her hug from the sun.

Soon the momentum stops and gravity gently take hold of Isha. Keeping her wings folded, Isha falls backwards and begins to drops headfirst downward into a spiral dance. As the wind blows through her body, Isha thinks about what Vanessa said about how she treated Cassie and how she was one time like Cassie.

As long as she could remember, Isha 's parents would tell her because of her wings, she had it hide them or she would bring shame to her family. She remembered the nights she would cry herself to sleep, thinking she could never have friends for the risk of being found out, or when her father told her no man would want her for a wife and will never have a family of her own.

But it all changed when Delilah came into her life. Through Delilah's guidance, Isha learned to stop hating herself, starting accepting who she is. Everyday of happiness since then and everything she is now, Isha owes to the Matriarch Delilah.

As her minds sets Isha to the present, she thinks that maybe Cassie isn't such a lost cause. With time and patience, Isha and Vanessa could help Cassie let go of her inhibitions and insecurities. Isha then contemplates what would be the first step for Cassie.

I know. Isha opens her eyes. I'll get her laid.

Seeing the ocean hurtling to her, Isha's wings spreads open and gracefully frees herself from gravity's hold and glides a few feet above the waves. Looking around to get her bearings, Isha spots what looks a boat in the distance. Isha considers it maybe a fishing boat. Curious enough to investigate, Isha flies to the fishing boat.

As Isha gets closer, she figures the boat might be lost this far away from the island. If so, Isha is certain the fishermen abroad would not object to be guided back home, especially if it's by a naked woman with wings. Being somewhat of an exhibitionist, Isha finds that scenario pleasing.

But then the boat seems too big for the fishing boats she's seen in Xenobia, also seems to be make from metal.

RATTTATATATATATATATATAT!!

Suddenly, Isha realizes she under gunfire, hearing bullets fly passed her. Not wasting time to be graceful, she flies upward as fast as she can to get out of the line of fire. Isha looks downs and sees what she thought was a fishing boat is actually an armed warship. Continuing to ascend further up, she sees five warships, now all of them firing at her.

As fast as her wings will take her, Isha flies away from the attacking warships and makes her flight back to Xenobia. She has to get back to the beach, to warn Delilah and the others.

******

Being leader to the people of Xenobia, Matriarch Delilah, a beautiful 5'11, 34-24-34 woman with ash blond hair tied back, deals with the many problems that occurs. In the past month, she had to settle trade disputes with Mauritius, extensively research new ways to expand the education budget and although the week, she had individual meetings with each member of the chamber of commerce with a proposal that would increase tourism in Xenobia, which each needs Delilah's full political support.

Now as she lies naked on a sturdy wooden massage table centered under a canopy tent overlooking the ocean, Delilah feels the pressure melt away from the caressing hands of her bodyguard/lover Tamira, a 5'9, 32b-23-33 dusk-skinned Africian beauty in her early twenties with long black hair going down her back, standing over Delilah, naked as well. 

Tamira admires the perfect body of her leader while she gently rubs the massage oil down the toned legs. For Delilah to have the peak physical features of a healthy and athletic woman in her twenties was always cause of awe for those around her, especially for someone over four hundred years old.

After finishing with the legs, Tamira mounts the table. Placing her knees to both sides of Delilah's hips, Tamira kneels over Delilah's shapely ass and resumes caressing Delilah's back. With her eyes closed, Delilah tunes in her other senses to take in the sensations. Hearing the waves of the ocean, smelling the massage oil, feeling the warn gentle breeze on her skin.

Delilah is then distracted from her bliss as she feels Tamira lowering her ass on Delilah's. A distraction she welcomes. More oil is poured on her back and Tamira's skillful hands make long gently strokes down her back to her ass. The hands moves up her back and to her shoulders, Tamira slowly leans forward and lays her front on Delilah's back. Securing her hands on the edge of the table, Tamira slowly slides her body up. Delilah feels Tamira's breasts pressed against her oil covered back and Tamira's trimmed pussy gently grinding on her oil covered ass. Tamira then slides her body down, kissing her spine on the way until her breasts meets with Delilah's ass. Delilah moans as she feels Tamira's breasts go up and down her ass. This goes on for nearly a minute, until Tamira slides up her leader's back resuming her motions and repeating them several times. 

"Does this relax you, Delilah?" Tamira whispers in Delilah's ear.

"Mmmmmmm. Yes it does." Moans Delilah. "But I need you to massage my ass some more."

"Yes, Matriarch." Tamira complies with a smile.

"No hands." Adds Delilah. 

Knowing what to do without any further explanation, Tamira pours some more oil on Delilah's firm ass and softly presses her pussy against it. Sitting up, Tamira slowly moves her hips up and down, feeling her clit slide against the slippery flesh and the sensations it gives. Wishing to share her pleasure with Delilah, Tamira reaches down behind her to Delilah's pink flower where her fingers expertly finds the bud and immediately caresses it.

"Ah, Tamira." Sighs Delilah. "You are so good with your hands."

Tamira now gyrates her hips to enhance the growing pleasure between her thighs while continuing to on Delilah's now moist pussy. As this continues, the sighs and moans goes louder and faster for Delilah and Tamira as they eagerly, but patiently wait for their climax as they feel it slowly drawing near. Delilah opens her eyes and turns her head to face Tamira. As their eyes meet, Tamira sees the desire and passion stirring in Delilah. Without a word, Tamira knows what Delilah wants.

In less than a second, the quick and nimble Tamira lifts herself off leader, allowing Delilah to turn on her side. Tamira swiftly takes Delilah's leg and raises it over her shoulder. In no time, the pussies of Delilah and Tamira are slapped together and begin to rapidly grind.

With Delilah's centuries of experience and Tamira's agile talents, their clits connect between bumps and grinds, sending shockwaves of intense pleasure throughout their bodies. Delilah holds out her hand to Tamira, who quickly reaches out and accepts it, allowing both to pull each other closer.

"Look at me." Delilah neither orders nor pleads between moans.

Gazing into Delilah's eyes again, Tamira loses herself to her desires and she continues in what she and Delilah privately call their Clitoral Dance until the final contact between the pink pearls causes a sensational supernova of an orgasm.

Both gratified and weary, Tamira lowers herself into Delilah's welcoming arms, lying on top of her. Taking a few moments for the two to catch their breath, Tamira rests her head below Delilah's shoulder, smelling the mixture of the massage oil, her sweat and Delilah's sweat while feeling the ocean breeze cooling her skin.

"Did you enjoy that?" asks Delilah, lightly stroking Tamira's hair.

"I should be asking you that." Tamira raises her head to face Delilah with a smile. "After all, it's my job to not only to protect you, but see that you're relaxed and focused as well."

"And you do your job very well." Assures Delilah, moving her head forward to give Tamira a long passionate kiss. "How about we go swimming to cool ourselves off then we can..."

The sudden pulsing chimes interrupts Delilah's proposition. Looking to the source of the familiar sounds, Delilah and Tamira sees their Raven Beacon communicators on the nearby small table. 

Both Delilah and Tamira know its must be important, nothing that can wait until tomorrow. Almost simultaneously, they dismount the massage table and walk to their communicators and tend to their responsibilities.

******

The metal doors of the Strategy Room slides open as Delilah and Tamira enter. Delilah wears only a lavender see-through robe while Tamira follows her, still naked. The mostly female staff members, or Volunteers, of the Strategy Room pay no mind to their leader's and her bodyguard's lack of clothing and go about their duties as well as the few male Volunteers, expect for two who take the time to discreetly view the immodest pair. Which is expected by the only two straight males of the Volunteers.

"Report." Delilah Commands to Aasha, a slender cinnamon-skinned, 5'7 woman in her late twenties with long black hair tied back into a ponytail wearing a red-gray Volunteer uniform.

"Fire Angel and Nightingale reports of a small fleet of warships heading straight for Xenobia." Aasha responds.

"Baltuuzia?" Delilah deduces.

"Most likely, Matriarch." Answers Aasha.

"Why would a despot like Gorgon be stupid enough to attack us?" asks Tamira.

"Let's go ask him." Delilah replies. "Where's Vanessa and Isha now?"

"Mermaid Beach." Answers Aasha.

"Have the Ravens meet us there." Delilah commands. "And also send an armed Volunteer unit to help evacuate the beach."

"Guess we're going to have that swim after all." Tamira comments.

******

The bedsprings squeak louder and faster as Mila Rose Roncevalles alias War Bride, a bronze-skinned, 5'11, 35-25-36 woman in her mid-thirties with short dark brown hair, arches her back as she continues her pelvic thrusts in her favorite cowgirl position on Roger, a man in his early forties with dirty blond hair.

Mila would never consider Roger as a lover, they just have an arrangement, Roger would make the weapons she needs and she would give him the best sex he's even had. During her time with the Army of Artemis, Mila learned how to use sex to persuade men like Roger along with artillery and hand-to-hand combat. Although she does find Roger somewhat attractive and enjoys the sex with him as well as the devotion Roger shows her, so she does take some pleasure. Only some since Roger is sexually quick to please.

"You gonna come, baby?" Mila encourages.

"Oh, god, yeah." Responds Roger, feeling his penis give a discharge of pleasure.

As Mila slows down her motions to stop, Roger sighs with a smile for the orgasm, brief although it was. Fully stopping, Mila looks down at Roger as he closes his eyes still smiling. Even if she never has an orgasm with Roger, she settles for the fact that Roger finished with her new plasma rifle.
