 Previously on The Ravens...

Vanessa Vander (Fire Angel), Isha Hoang (Nightingale) and Cassie Sawyer enjoy their time at the clothing-optional Mermaid Beach when a fleet of warships from the neighboring nation of Baltusia is discovered heading to the shores of Xenobia.

Matriarch Delilah, leader of Xenobia, is alerted to the incoming invasion and summons the rest of her team to Mermaid Beach. Delilah along with Tamira, Warbride and Minx gathers with Fire Angel, Nightingale and Cassie as they wait to take on Gorgon and the Baltusian fleet.

11:03 am

The Imperial Baltusian Warship Gorgon's Hammer sailing on the Indian Ocean approaching Xenobia

Wrapping a white towel around her nude petite body, Lutijean Gabard of Manila prepares to quietly leave the garishly decorated luxury suite where she had tend to her duties as a "comfort girl" or commonly called sex slave. After several hours of coerced sex with someone if given the choice would never consent to, Lutijean feels she has done enough for the man that bought her for his harem.

However, Lutijean takes only a few cautious steps to the door when she feels something warm and slippery wrap around her ankle. Before Lutijean could react, she quickly pulled off the floor by her captured leg as her towel drops to the floor.

Hanging upside-down naked, Lutijean looks to the purple tentacle holding her up by her leg. Her sight follows the tentacle to the many tentacles originating from the wide back of a naked heavyset man standing by the wide canopy bed she had to give sex on. Lutijean looks into the sunken eyes under the wide brow of her captor, Gorgon, the multi-tentacled ruler of Baltusia. 

In another time, Lutijean would find it laughable how Gorgon's head is considerably small for his massively thickset body but in her current predicament, she is more concerned of Gorgon's penis rising under his flabby belly.

"Where do you think you're going?" Gorgon asks with a grin.

"I...I was just going to get some water..." Lutijean's quick explanation is cut short as she thrown on the bed.

Laying on her back, Lutijean tries to get her bearings where she finds herself between the Sinister Twins, two pale-white skinned, black haired women, naked as well, much to Lutijean's distress.

"Oh, you naughty girl." Says the woman on Lutijean's left as she takes Lutijean's chin to guide the sex slave's sight to her dark red eyes. "Sneaking out like that is very rude, isn't it Xil?"

"Yes, it is, Orza." Replies the woman on Lutijean's right as she circles her finger on Lutijean's nipple. "But then again, where could you run off to? We're on a ship."

"The flagship of the Baltusian fleet." Corrects an annoyed Gorgon.

"Yes, we are, Gorgon." Orza agrees with a smile.

"LORD Gorgon." Reminds Gorgon, going from annoyed to slightly agitated as his tentacles emanating from his back begins to quiver.

"Of course, Lord Gorgon." Xil assures. "I was just about to explain to Lutijean how lucky she is from all the other sex slaves, you choose her to accompany you on your special day."

"Yes, Xil." Says Orza turning to Lutijean. "Don't you feel fortunate to be with Lord Gorgon on this historical day? The day Lord Gorgon defeats Delilah and the Ravens and conquers Xenobia"

Lutijean is hesitant for a few seconds. "Yes. Very lucky, Lord Gorgon."

Lutijean is silent as Gorgon and the Sinister Twins begin to laugh for less than a minute when Gorgon's tentacles begin to hover over the three naked women. Noticing Gorgon's proud erected penis, Xil and Orza smiles wickedly.

"Time for another fucking, girls." Says Gorgon.

"Who's the lucky girl now, Lord Gorgon?" Xil playfully inquires.

"Maybe Lutijean should be next." Suggests Orza. "After all, it is her job."

"I'm about to go into battle and you know fucking her won't help me." States Gorgon.

In a second, Orza's wrists and ankles are seized the Gorgon's tentacles and Orza is immediately pulled to Gorgon. Lutijean watches in shock as Gorgon brutally and mercilessly thrusts his cock in the helpless and restrained Orza. With Orza's head leaning back, Lutijean notice her smiling widely, showing her enjoyment, causing Lutijean to wonder how any woman would enjoy such brutality.

"Like to watch, didn't you, dearie?" inquires Xil as she pulls Lutijean close. "I like to watch my sister in action."

Orza lets out brief screams of gratification as Gorgon continues to thrust his hard member in and out of her wanton sex. Soon a shimmering blue area begins to radiate around the two fornicators.

"Yes! I can feel the power growing inside me!" Gorgon yells with pride.

"So can I Lord Gorgon." Orza yells between thrusts. "And if feels ....ORGASMIC!

The shimmering intensifies, consuming Gorgon and Orza in a blue blinding flash of light, causing Xil and Lutijean to momentarily cover their eyes.

Freed from Gorgon's tentacles, Orza falls on the bed, lost in the bliss of her mystically-induced climax. As Xil and Lutijean uncover their eyes and are amazed to see Gorgon surging with brief blue bursts of light, laughing.

"Gives new meaning to the term 'afterglow', doesn't it?" Orza says Lutijean.

"I don't need an army to invade Xenobia." Gorgon boosts. "Once I defeat Delilah and the Ravens, Xenobia will be under the Baltusian flag and Delilah will just be another one of my sex slaves." Boasts Gorgon.

"Oooooooo, Delilah as a sex slave." Xil purrs with anticipation. "Can we have her first, Lord Gorgon? We'll let you watch if you do." 

"Of course you can." Gorgon replies with a looming grin. "After I'm done with her, she won't put up much of a fight."

Suddenly, two of Gorgon's tentacles wraps around Lutijean's ankles and pulls her to him.

"Let me show you all what I plan to do to her." Gorgon says with a sinister grin.

*****

11:15 am

Mermaid Beach

Island Nation of Xenobia

On the sandy shores of Mermaid Beach, Matriarch Delilah looks to the group of warships across the ocean. She knows from experience that taking on an army always has consequences, no matter how well the plan is or how confident you make yourself sound about a certain victory.

Delilah looks to her super-team, the Ravens, each member she picked herself. The pyrokinetic Fire Angel, the winged girl Nightingale, the fiercely armed Warbride, the agile and deadly Tamira, the feline Minx and the newest member Cassie Sawyer, who...

"Cassie, where's your sword?" Delilah asks with a displeased tone.

"Oh, I left it at the apartment." Answer a grimacing Cassie. "I didn't think I needed it here."

"The girl brings a book but not her sword." Nightingale lowly utters.

"Cassie, we're about fight an invading army, not to mention Gorgon. We need all the power we can get." Delilah asserts. "Got your sword and got back here."

Cassie runs from Delilah and her teammate as fast as she can. Delilah turns her sight to the warships coming closer as she tries to contain the worry inside her.

*****

I'm letting them down. Cassie thinks as she runs past the high wooden fence, leading her to parking lot. My first chance to prove myself and I'm already letting them down.

With the apartment she shares with Fire Angel and Nightingale only three blocks away, Cassie tries to find the will to persevere against her already aching legs as she runs from the parking lot to the streets of Xenobia Central district. Cassie knows she still has a chance to prove herself to the Ravens if she can get her sword in time, but she can't help but think that Delilah and the Ravens only care about her sword and what it can do for them.

Cassie resets her focus on her current task and will have to worry about her status within the Ravens later. She runs through one block to the apartment. Two more blocks to go.

*****

"They've stopped." Says Warbride, watching the Baltusian fleet through her binoculars.

"Stopped?" asks Fire Angel, standing near her. "Why would they do that?"

"Gorgon must have something special with him or he wouldn't even bother to come here." Delilah states.

Suddenly, a burst of smoke as black as complete darkness appears near Delilah and the Ravens, clearing in a few seconds, revealing Gorgon, dressed in his black and orange armored suit as well as his black protective visor, along with Orza, dressed in red leather short skirt, red-black leather bra, black silk stockings and black stiletto heels, Xil, dressed in a black leather corset, black leather short skirt and black leather leg boots, and Lutijean, wearing only a spiked collar, attached to a chain held by Xil.

"Ravens, stand ready!" Delilah shouts as she tightens her hold of her combat pike in a combat-ready stance.

Immediately on Delilah's order, Fire Angel's body is enveloped in a thin layer of fire, her hands forms spheres of fire, ready to blast, Tamira holds her bladed tonfas up, standing ready, Nightingale spreads her wings, ready to fly, Warbride draws out two hand-held plasma blasters, ready to open fire, Minx extends her razor sharp claws as she purrs with anticipation.

"Look at this now." Gorgon smugly introduces. "The mighty Ravens all gathered to defend their precious island. Futile really but it saves me the time it takes to hunt you all down individually."

"Delilah, I recognized those two with Gorgon." Fire Angel informs in a low voice. "They're the Sinister Twins, dark magic sorceresses. I encountered them a few times when I was with Superior Force."

"On my mark, attack pattern beta." Delilah instructs in an equally low voice.

"Gorgon, your presence here is an act of aggression." Delilah declares. "Should I even bother giving you an ultimatum?"

"I sure as hell won't." replies Gorgon. "I want to experience the pleasure of taking you and your super-powered bitches down."

"Oh, look. They have smoothies here." Says Orza, pointing the smoothie shack behind them. 

"I could go for a strawberry smoothie." Xil replies. "We'll be over there if you need us, Lord Gorgon."

Surprised by the sudden shift of priorities, Gorgon looks to his beautiful twin allies walking away with their sex slave in tow, a tactile mistake he realizes a second too late.

"TAKE HIM DOWN!" yells Delilah.

An incoming blast of fire is the first thing Gorgon sees as he turns his focus back to his adversities. He feels the heat as the fire-blast hits him in the face but feels no pain. As the fire-blast ceases, Gorgon cleared vision sees Minx and Tamira charging to him. A second before the two heroines could get within striking distance, a tentacle intercepts them and wraps around their legs in a few seconds at super-speed. Delilah watches in disbelief as Gorgon's tentacles holds Tamira and Minx upside down, struggling to break free.

"Those twins must have magically enhanced Gorgon." Fire Angel surmises. "Otherwise, we would have kicked his ass by now."

"So how do we stop him?" inquires Warbride.

"We'll just have to keep him busy 'til Cassie gets back." Delilah commands. "In the meantime, Tamira and Minx need rescuing."

*****

Nearly out of breath from running, Cassie hurries into her bedroom, consisting of a well made bed next to a small wood desk littered with notes and open books and a dresser with several framed pictures and an alarm radio.

Cassie reaches under her bed and pulls out a slender rectangle metal box. Cassie braces herself as she opens the box. An eerie silvery shine emanates from in the box as a long gleaming sword is uncovered.

Am I needed, Cassandra? A female voice from nowhere softly asks.

"Yes." Cassie answers as she takes the sword from the box and holds it up. "They need you."

*****

With her arms still free, Minx takes her claws to the tentacle restraining her legs but to her surprise, her claws which can shred anything organic can't even produce a scratch.

Tamira with her arms free as well and still holding on to her bladed tonfas does the same to free herself with no success until a tentacle for each of Tamira's hands restrains them, causing her to let go of her weapons and is pulled to face her captor.
"So you're Delilah's little rug-muncher." Says Gorgon, looking to Tamira. "When I'm done with you, you'll be on your knees for me."

The numerous impacts of plasma rounds on Gorgon's armored chest turn Gorgon's attention to Warbride, charging to towards him with her plasma-blasters with Fire Angel and Nightingale soaring towards Gorgon, who grins with a new-found confidence.

With a mighty throw, Minx is flung to Nightingale, knocking the two heroines unconscious and plunge down to the sandy grounds. Fire Angel tries to assist the still-shooting Warbride with another fire-blast more powerful than the last one.

"Is that the best you got, bitch?" Gorgon smugly boosts to show how unaffected he is.

As Gorgon did with Minx, Gorgon hurls the helpless Tamira to Warbride. Warbride stopping firing to avoid shooting Tamira but is unable to avoid colliding with Tamira.

With his sights now on Fire Angel, hovering above him, Gorgon sends all his tentacles to her, restraining her arms and legs in seconds. As Fire Angel feels herself being pulled down, she intensifies her fire-controlling powers in hope to incinerate the tentacles into ash.

However, this only causes Gorgon to laugh loudly.

Still restrained, Fire Angel refuses to give Gorgon any satisfaction by giving up and sends her powers into supernova, causing the flames around her to intensify, getting hotter and hotter and hotter and hotter and hotter until the fires of Fire Angel burns out into nothing.

Without so much a singe, Gorgon's tentacles pulls away from the unconscious Fire Angel, leaving only two to hold her wrists as she is brought down to his sights. Gorgon takes a moment to admire Fire Angel's shapely body now that it isn't covered in flames. However, his ogling is interrupted as a metal pike strikes him in the face, shattering his visor. 

"Forgot about me already?" Delilah shouts as she stands ready with her combat pike in hand.

Angered by this assault, Gorgon tosses away the remains of his visor and his captive Fire Angel as he walks to Delilah.

"I'm definitely going to save the best for last." Gorgon threatenly promises. "It's just you and me now, soon-to-be-former-Matriarch Delilah."

"If you think I'm a slightest bit scared of you, then you're as stupid as you are ugly." Delilah taunts, standing her ground.

The tentacles of the offended Gorgon advances to Delilah like a pack of preying wolves but capturing Delilah proves to be difficult as she fights off the tentacles with her pike. However, as Gorgon move closer to his outnumber enemy, Delilah is forced to take a few steps back.

Where the hell is Cassie? Delilah thinks with impatience.

*****

Lutijean sits on the counter of the abandoned smoothie shack, sucking a strawberry smoothie through a straw, a strawberry smoothie held by her current mistress Xil.

"Isn't that tasty?" ask Xil with a smile as she withdraws the smoothie away.

"Yes." Answers Lutijean, unsettled by Xil's interest in her.

Pulling on Lutijean's leash, Xil guides her naked slave to stand up off the counter and walk behind Xil to a nearby pubic panic table where Orza sits watching Gorgon and Delilah in battle.

"So who's winning?" Xil rhetorically asks.

"So far Gorgon took down all of the Ravens, leaving Delilah." Orza explicates.

"Lay down on the table." Xil kindly orders Lutijean. Uncertain and worried about Xil intentions, Lutijean obeys Xil and lays herself on the table. "Spread your legs. I shouldn't have to tell you that."

Lutijean parts her legs until each foot is on the edge of the table. Xil smiles as she walks to Lutijean with her smoothie. 

"Now be very still, or..." Xil orders to her reclining slave.

Orza turns attention from the battle to Xil as she slowly pours the smoothie on Lutijean's naked breasts. Lutijean tries not to move as she feels the icy cold smoothie fall centered on the nipples of her breasts. Xil continues by making a wavy line down Lutijean's body and pouring the remaining smoothie on her pussy.

"Now this is how I enjoy a smoothie." Says Xil, sitting down near Lutijean's smoothie covered tits. 

Lutijean feels her nerves screaming throughout her body as she watches Xil's long, pointed tongue begin licking the smoothie off her defenseless tits.

"Want some?" Xil invites her sister.

Before Orza could consider her sister's offer, both twins notice Cassie in a short distance running pass them holding the strangely appealing sword.

"That sword...?" Xil stands up astounded. "What's that runt going to do with a sword?"

Orza remains silent as she sits back and obverses this new development.

"We're about find out."

*****

"Not so smug now, are you?" says Gorgon.

Gorgon relishes in his victory as his tentacles hold the battle-weary Delilah by her arms, legs and her neck. Pulling the beaten and bruised Matriarch closes to him, Gorgon looks into Delilah's eyes for defeat, fear, a desperate need for mercy, anything to make his victory all the sweeter, but is soon disappointed when he sees the same expression of defiance she always had, turning his disappointment into frustration.

"I'm going to punish you for every assault, every insult and whatever you've done to me in the past and I'm going savior every moment of it." Gorgon bellows. "At first, I was planning to give you the fucking you deserve when I take over this nation of pussies and pussy-eaters."

As the tentacles restraining Delilah pulls her upward, notices Tamira, restrained by the tentacles.

"But I have a better idea." Gorgon states. "I'm going to fuck your girlfriend's pretty little black ass and you're going to watch."

Delilah then notices Nightingale in the grips of Gorgon's tentacle, then Fire Angel, Warbride and Minx captured as well.

"Then I'll do the same to the rest of your team of so-called super-heroines while you watch." Gorgon yells louder. "And it won't stop there. I'll show the people of Xenobia, the people of the world that Matriarch Delilah and the Ravens are now my BITCHES!"

"Oh, my god." Cries a frightened female's voice.

Gorgon and Delilah look to the source and see Cassie nearby holding up her sword, looking scared by Gorgon's appearance and his last statement. 

"What is this?" Gorgon snickers. "Another pussy for me to fuck?"

"Cassie...." Delilah struggles to shout. "Do it...now."

Gorgon notices the young girl's hand beginning to shake, causing the sword to shake as well.

The tentacles holding the heroines all simultaneously releases them, letting them fall to the ground as Gorgon walks to Cassie.

"Do you think you can beat me with that sword, girl?" Gorgon asks, not expecting a serious answer.

"No. Not me." Cassie seriously answers.

Cassie's hold of the sword suddenly steadies as she thrusts the sword to the sky.

"AZIRLA!" Cassie's call thunderously echoes as she is consumed by a burst of bright, blinding light and a column of fierce winds instantaneously forms around her.

Gorgon tries to regain his sight when he realizes Delilah has had an ace in the hole and charges to whoever it is before she has a chance to strike. Even with his vision temporarily compromised, Gorgon magically-enhanced senses can help him find his next opponent and have his tentacle ready to attack.

That plan is thwarted for Gorgon as he feels a fist in a metal gauntlet punch swift and hard against his jaw, sending him down to the sand. Gorgon quickly gets himself off the ground, ready to destroy whoever punched him. With his vision cleared, he finally faces his next adversary and is dumbfounded to what he's looking at.

Gorgon recognizes the sword that was held by the petite Cassie, now in the gauntlet hands of a 6'0, 36-25-35, platinum white haired woman with the muscular body of a female power lifter, dressed in a metal breast plate forged to fit her fully-formed breasts, a small metal crotch plate covering her most sacred spot being held a thin but strong leather straps around the waist and a strong but comfortably soft cloth connected to the waist strap narrowing down under her shapely ass, providing little cover, as well as leather boots and arm and legs metal plates.
