 Prologue

I sometimes have trouble remembering what my life was like before I became a cunt.

The transformation hadn't happened all at once, of course. It wasn't as if one night I'd sank to my knees and thought "Serrane, you're going to inhale as many thick, throbbing cocks as you can handle. They are going to dump their loads down your throat and on your face, and you are going to love every second of it." My gradual descent into submission had just kind of happened bit by bit, day by day, delicious swollen member by delicious swollen member. And all those intermediate steps had led me inexorably towards the moment I found myself in right now.

"Give it to me!" I begged, a heady mix of slobber and seed dangling from my chin. "Fuck my mouth like it's just another cunt!"

The tan, muscle-bound farm boy didn't need any further encouragement. He rammed his thick member between my lips and down into my throat. I had no trouble taking him in all the way, thanks in no small part to the fact I was currently lying on my back with my head dangling off the table and my long, straight blonde hair spilling out over the floor. A second farm boy, every bit as bronze and brawny as the first, had crawled between my splayed legs and started fucking my ass almost a minute ago. I doubted he would last much longer, given how hard he was panting and how frequently his cock was throbbing. He would be the third man to flood my bowels this evening, which was actually fewer than I'd anticipated. The other ten had decided to inject their seed straight into my quim or down my throat.

Frankly, I didn't have a preference. Only two things mattered to me on a night like this: one, that every man in the room left the party drained and contented; and two, that more of them saw fit to empty their balls on me than the woman splayed out on the table next to me.

I couldn't actually turn my head to look at her with the farm boy's cock thrusting past my tonsils, but I knew that Aluriel was enjoying herself every bit as much as I was. The last time I'd seen her, she'd had so much seed splattered on her face and tits that she'd almost been unrecognizable. Something about her taught, athletic wood elf body just screamed "cum all over me," which had actually been the driving impetus for tonight's special rules: every man who wanted to finish inside an elf whore had to choose me, while everyone who wanted to finish on one had to choose Aluriel.

The men were allowed to spill more than once, of course, which so far had meant that most of them had deposited their first load on her before they had shifted over to fuck me. The arrangement suited me just fine. They lasted much longer on their second and third go-arounds, and I enjoyed the added benefit of knowing that it had been the heat of my body that had brought them over the edge. Besides, when all was said and done I would have the chance to lick Aluriel clean anyway. The men would pay double to see that.

"Oh, fuck!" the farm boy buried in my ass cried out. He pumped his seed deep into my bowels, and my empty quim burned with another climax as his friend shot a simultaneous load straight into my gullet. When he pulled out, a single searing strand of cum dribbled across my nose and forehead.

"Escar's mercy!" the second kid gasped. "I should have moved to the city years ago. Are all elf girls sluts like this?"

"I wish!" another of the men blurted out to a raucous round of chuckles. Most of them were long since spent at this point, but a few of the younger ones were still willing to go another round. I barely had time to catch my breath before yet another hard cock was dangling in front of my eyes.

"More," I begged, licking the last bit of seed from the tip of my nose. "Please!"

By the time the new cockhead plunged into my throat, another filled my quim as well. I was so wet and well-used at this point that he slid right in, and I clamped my thighs around his waist and squeezed to make certain he knew he was welcome.

Tonight had vastly exceeded my expectations so far, and I could scarcely believe there had been a time in my life when the very idea of this "party" would have horrified me. For the last five years I had served as the Ranger-General of Highwind, the most populous city-state in the Northern Reaches. I was a proud warrior, a lethal archer, and the respected commander of over a thousand loyal scouts and rangers. I loved my work and took it very seriously.

It just so happened that I also enjoyed being tied up and used like a disposable fuck-toy whenever possible.

For many years I hadn't been able to reconcile those two seemingly incompatible identities. After all, how anyone possibly be a fearsome elven ranger during the day and transform into a submissive, cock-hungry slut at night? It had seemed ludicrous. It had seemed downright impossible.

Thank the gods I had finally found a way.

"Open up, bitch! Here it comes..."

As yet another man's seed coated my tongue and drizzled over my lips, I realized just how much I owed Aluriel. Without her guidance, none of this would have been possible. She was the one who had first opened my mind—she was the one who had first shown me the existential joy of submission.

"Hey, I think you missed a spot!"

With my mouth finally free of cock, I tilted my head towards her and swallowed the last man's bountiful offering. I could barely even see her face or tits through all the seed, but one last farm boy was currently jerking himself to climax over her belly. She was already looking at me, her lips spread wide and her green eyes sparkling with delight.

Tomorrow morning we'd be back at work protecting the city of Highwind from gnolls and orcs and other monsters of the wildlands beyond the walls. We would be warriors. We would be rangers. We would be two of the deadliest women in the region, let alone the city.

But not right now. For the rest of the night, we were nothing more than warm holes for male amusement and eager sponges for their seed.

We were cunts. And we wouldn't have had it any other way.