 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Author's note: Hey everyone, sorry it took so long. Just been very busy, but I didn't forget about my readers. Remember leave a comment about what you might like to see in the next chapters to come. Hope you enjoy!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Trevor the Inn keeper was busy tidying up his establishment. Putting away drinking glasses, wiping up the counter top, then sweeping the floor. He moved around the counter and sweeping up to the first room. This room of course is where the very top-heavy blonde by the name Joscelin was.

Trevor peeked into the room through the key hole to check in on his well endowed guest. She was still unconscious and tied to the bed like the hunch back kept her after he had shot a huge load of cum into her tight shaven pussy. Lucky for the adventurer, he was 'shooting blanks' as the ugly man had said.

He could still make out his jizz leaking from her abused cunt. Trevor sighed, "Man she is a good fuck. That pussy of hers is one of the best I've encountered!", the hunch back gave a dirty grin and continued, " A lot of the sluts I have taken advantage of never had anything like this bimbo has. And those udders of hers! Boy I'm gonna enjoy drinking from those huge melons!" He began to laugh but his fun was cut short by a knock at the Inn's door.

"Oh hell! I forgot to unlock the damn door." Trevor took one last look into the room, noticing the puddle of milk on the floor. He licked his lips then began to walk towards the door.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Joscelin was getting flickering visions. One of a swamp, another of a village, and one of the Black Tower where the dreaded wizard Olaf lived. In her dream she began to panic seeing the tower again, thinking back to her earlier dreams about it. But this time things were quite.

An almost eerie silence was cast over the Tower. Joscelin looked around her and saw only bushes and trees. In front of her was a small path leading to the place where in she had first met the wizard. The man who made her into the dairy cow she is today.

She swallowed her fear and began to walk towards the wizard's lair. On guard, the crept slowly, her eyes scanning her surroundings. The strange thing was, there was still no sound. She looked to her feet and heard nothing. Not one crunch from the leaves, not one snap of the twigs, just silence. She began to walk with a little more haste. Still scanning around her, Joscelin could feel her tits jiggling slightly. Then she heard something. Something like liquid sloshing around, she turned her head quickly and heard it just a bit louder.

She turned again this time faster and still she heard it only it was louder again. Joscelin looked down to her breasts. The sound stopped once she was still. She jumped slightly and heard it, the sloshing, it was coming from her jugs. A tear fell from her face, remembering that her once normal breasts were now swollen to massive proportions and filled with a never-ending supply of warm, tasty breast milk.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Oh hello there young sir! Sorry 'bout the door being locked, you can never be too careful 'round these parts!" said Trevor holding open the door for a very skinny, very young man.

"Not a p-pp- problem sir. I w-www-was just wonder-rr-ring if I may stay h-here for the night?" asked the stuttering twig stepping past Trevor getting a good wiff of the hunch back's nasty body odor.

"Sure thing if you got the coin." Trevor stated shutting the door then turning to face the boy. He was no older than 18. Trevor thought he looked practically like he had never eaten in his life with how skinny he was.

The boy had red hair in the shape of a bowl. His eyes were rather large and brown, and his face covered in freckles. He wore a loose-fitting tunic with the sleeves cut off revealing his scrawny arms. His hands as well as his feet, which were bare, were actually pretty large compared to the rest of him. His shorts ripped and torn.

The red-headed 18-year-old reached into his shorts packet and pulled out seven gold pieces. Trevor grabbed the gold from the boy's hand. "Thank you young sir. Now would you like some food or drink?"

"S-ss-ssure I would love some."

The boy was the around the same height as Trevor, around five foot tall, but the Inn keeper was still slightly shorter. If Trevor's hump on his back didn't cause him to hunch over he might be a bit taller than the scrawny ginger.

"So what can I get for ya?"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The busty blonde wept wishing her breasts were back to their normal size. Tears falling on to her expansive bosom.

"Shh there, there my little cow, don't cry."

Joscelin jumped with a fright. She was doubly frightened on account of the absence of sound apart from her milk sloshing tits. As she heard the all too familiar voice, she quickly spun around towards the sound knowing full well who the voice belonged to. Joscelin was now face to face with the dreaded wizard Olaf again. She balled her hands in to fists and threw one at the perverted man.

Before her blow could land between his eyes, Joscelin felt her entire body freeze in place.

"Now, now we won't be having any of that. What's the matter, my cow? Don't you miss your master?" Olaf said bringing a hand up to her cheek whipping away some of her tears.

"You are NOT my master! I am not your cow! And I will kill you!" Joscelin broke free from her frozen state as the wizard started to laugh at her threat. She swung again this time Olaf raised a hand.

The adventurer awoke from her dream slightly disappointed she didn't get to harm the nasty wizard.

Joscelin quickly remembered where she was and what caused her to pass out in the first place. She felt her mouth still gagged, arms and legs still tied tight. Her tits and pussy felt incredibly sore from the rough pounding she received from the hunch backed Inn keeper. Though her mind was racing and a little panicked on her thoughts on how to escape, she heard voices just beyond the door.

"Sure boy, let me check down in the cellar to see if we have that. Just be a moment."

"Th-th-thth thank you sir."

The buxom beauty heard a loud creak and then foot steps heading down the cellar steps. Now was her chance. As she heard the cellar door close she made a muffled scream trying to get the attention of who ever was talking with Trevor.

The ginger turned his head towards the sound coming from one of the rooms to his right. He slowly crept towards the first door on that side of the Inn. the muffled screams got louder and louder as he approached. His hands began to tremble, looking back at the cellar door to see if Trevor was coming back.

The red-headed 18-year-old swallowed hard and opened the door. His eyes were met with a horrible, but some how arousing, site. As he stood in the doorway he was amazed to see a partially naked female tied and gagged to her bed. His eyes fixated on her gigantic mams and her lovely shaven pussy. The boy looked into her eyes and saw her beautiful blues giving him a pleading 'help me' look.

He rushed over to her, "Oh mmm-my L-llord! Ma'am ar-arre you al-allrr-ight?" he asked the bound blonde. His eyes still focused on her melons, watching them rise and fall on her chest as she breathed heavily.

"MmHm!" Joscelin made a muffled groan noticing the boy looking at her tits. He snapped out of his stare and looked at her. He reached for the makeshift gag muffling her words and untied it.

"Ah! Bless the stars you've come! Please free me sir..."

"D-ddDylon miss."

"Dylon. Please free my Dylon!"

Dylon attempted to untie the ropes on her wrists to no avail.

"Please hurry Dylon, he could be back any second!"

"I'm tt-ttrying miss, the rope is t-tttied tight!"

"Use the sword on my back to cut it." With that, Joscelin arched and lifted her back revealing her trusted sword still holstered on her. As she rose, Dylon saw her huge knockers almost defy gravity the way they were lifted into the air. He could not help himself and reached out and place his right hand on her boob.

"Dylon! What are you doing?!"

"L-ll-Leverage ma'am."

"Oh yes to unsheath the sword, right!"

Dylon smirked a little at the dimwittedness of the big titted blonde. He grasped the sword in his left hand, his right still rested on her tit giving it a firm squeeze as he pulled the sword out from its holster. One the sword was out he continued to squeeze her tit in his hand, kneading the fleshy jug a little.

"Um.. Dylon I think you got the sword out, no need to use me for leverage anymore." said Joscelin looking down at the ginger boy's groping hand.

"Rr-rright sorry miss!" With that, he let go of her tit and began to cut the rope that tied her wrists to the bed. Once the rope was cut, Joscelin sat up and rubbed her wrists.

"Oh thank you Dylon!" Dylon ran around to the other end of the bed, his back facing the doorway.

He got a great view of her tight pink pussy. Joscelin saw hhim starring up her legs and quickly leaned forward and brought her black panites up to cover herself.

Dylon looked up, "Sorry ma'am!" He watched as the busty adventurer heff her huge fuck melons in to her brown bra like top one at a time. Dylon could feel his cock throbbing watching her tits jiggle about as she did so.

Just then Dylon was struck from behind, sending him to the floor. Trevor had just punched the boy in the head as Joscelin gave a loud gasp.

"You stupid ginger fuck! Get away from my whore!" Trevor pounced on top of Dylon. The boy's head still spinning as he saw little flashing lights and then a very hideous hunch back land on top of him. Trevor and Dylon wrestled on the floor as Joscelin looked towards her ankles and saw her trusted sword laying there on the bed with her. She reached for the handle, barely able to grip it. But she managed to grasp it in her hands and began to cut her remaining bonds. She looked over to see Trevor was still on top of the poor boy but now had his hands wrapped around his throat.

"You should have never come here boy! Now you'll die!" Trevor tightened his grip on Dylon's throat as the ginger's legs wiggled about and his hands trying to push the disgusting and smelly Inn keeper off of him. Dylon's eyes began to darken as he began to lose conciousness.

"That's it boy, dieeee-Ahhh!" Trevor's grip loosened and then let go completely from the boy's neck. Dylon began to couch back air into his lungs, his vision returning to him. He looked up and saw Joscelin standing behind Trevor, her sword stabbed through the hump on his back. She pulled the sword from him. as she did Trevor slumped over and fell on his side. The vile Inn keeper was now laying on the floor, lifeless.

Joscelin said nothing as she offered her hand to help the boy to his feet.

"Tt-thank you miss.."

"Joscelin. My name is Joscelin." She smiled helping the boy up and walking with him out into the main area of the Inn.

"Are you going to be alright?" asked the busty blonde.

"Yes. I t-tthink so."

Joscelin sat him down on one of the chairs sitting near the stone fire pit. she knelt in front of him, her hand rubbing his shoulder. Dylon looked down at her very impressive cleavage. He couldn't control himself, brining one of his hands slowly down and caressing the huge boob over her top.

She looked down at his hand now squeezing her enormous milker. She raised her head and saw his cock was tenting his pants.

"Well I guess you do deserve a reward for saving me." smiled the bit titted Joscelin. She grabbed his hand and moved it from her chest.

She then pulled him towards her and guided him on to the floor and into her lap. He layed there his back resting on her legs and his head propped up in her hand. His mouth level with her inch long nipple. She brought her free hand over and lifted the giant baby feeder from its home. Dylon's eyes went wide as he saw her still slightly red nipple appear in front of his face.

Joscelin then pulled his head to her ample bosom. Dylon latched on hard and began to suckle her teet. She winced a little at his eagerness, but he soon began a more gentle rhythm. He felt a warm liquid run down his throat, it tasted so sweet.

"Mmmpoah! Ww-Wow, you make milk? Are you ppp-pregnant or something?" he asked returning his mouth to her juicy boob.

"No, I was given these milky breasts by an old wizard." said Joscelin reaching down with her hand and undoing the boys pants. Dylon didn't say anything, but he did open his eyes when he fel her warm hand grip his six and a half inch long cock. She began to move her soft hand up and down his hard shaft. His eyes rolled into the back of his head before closing them again, his mouth suckling a little faster now.

The big breasted adventurer jerked her hand faster as well, actually feeling the young ginger breastfeed from her felt pretty good.

Suddenly he stopped his sucking but kept his hands on her tits, " I ww-wwwant to fff-fuck these jugs please." Dylon said after swallowing a mouthful of breast milk.

"Well I guess that would be okay.." said Joscelin sounding a little disappointed. Dylon stood up and Joscelin got on her knees. His cock was right in her face almost touching her lips. She brought her huge melons up, cupping them in her hands and placed the stuttering Dylon's dick between them.

"Ooo yes ththth-these feel great!" the boy explaimed as the blonde bimbo started to slide her monstrous mams up and down his cock. Joscelin looked down at his penis noticing how it was throbbing and jerking slightly. She felt it between her giant udders. 

"Are you about to cum, Dylon?" asked Joscelin pumping her tits faster on his throbbing cock.

"Yyy-yes ma'am! Open that ppr-pretty mouth of yours!"

"Well I- Mmh!?", Joscelin's words cut short has Dylon thrusted his cock which was about to burst into her lovely wet mouth. She brought her hands up to try and push the boy back but it was too late.

With his cock buried deep in her mouth, Dylon let out a loud, "Ahh!". The next thing Joscelin could feel and taste was the ginger's thick load of cum exploding into her mouth.

The blonde made some gurgling noises as Dylon just panted heavily, bringing his hands down and squeezing her massive tits again.

"I.. I think that's enough 'thanks' Dylon..."

"Yyy- yeah, I really did aaa- appricate it Joscelin." smiled the now exhausted teen. He squeezed her boobs one last time, a little milk trickled from them, then her let go and began to put his shorts back the way they were before.

Joscelin tucked her melons back into her tiny top, stood up and began to gather her belongings noticing that the sun was starting to rise.

"Well Dylon, I guess this Inn belongs to you now.", chuckled the blonde.

"I ggg-guess so, I hope you come back and visit some time." With that, Dylon wrapped his arms around Joscelin hugging her. She returned the hug. Then Dylon brought his hand up and peeled down one side of her top, brought his head down slightly and began nursing on her tit.

Joscelin looked down to Dylon as he suckled softly but hastily at her fat milker.

"Dylon, it's time I go. I promise if I return, I'll let you breastfeed all you want during my stay." She said bringing her hand up to his head, petting him gently.

With a few more quick slurps of her tasty, milky udder, Dylon unlatched himself from her then smiled wide at Joscelin.

She smiled back before putting her tit once again back into her top and heading for the door.

"Until nnn-next time my lll-lady!" waved the young ginger as she smiled once more than turned and headed out the door.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Walking along the dirt road Joscelin looked around taking in the sights. She saw birds nesting and chirping to one another. Squirrels were gathering nuts until the busty woman got closer than scurried up a nearby tree. The adventuring blonde always did love exploring and going on quests, anything that kept her away from what were the normal duties of a woman. Which were mainly staying and taking care of things at home.

Though she knew the dangers of being a lady adventurer all too well. She thought about her recent encounter with Spunks the goblin, Trevor the Inn keeper, and of course the wizard Olaf. Looking down to her breasts with slight disdain, as she often did, she wondered if the goblin or the hunch back would have done the things they did if her tits were their normal size and did not produce an endless supply of milk.

Of course they would have, but the thought always lingered in the blonde's mind.

Taking her eyes off her melons and back on the road, Joscelin saw a man walking, more skipping, towards her. She could make out that he was a short man, possibly four and a half feet in height. He had a huge bubble-like nose and an equally big, black mustache. He was a rounder fellow that wore a brown top hat and a large coat to match. The coat reached all the way to his stubby ankles. She noticed he was bare foot and his feet were disproportionately large compared to the rest of his body apart from his rounded shape and his hands.

She could tell he was a hairy man, judging by how much hair was on his hands and his feet. Joscelin saw that he also had a rather large back pack strapped to him.

The man looked up and his mouth fell open at the sight that greeted him. Joscelin was still walking towards him and his eyes were fixed on her bouncing breasts. They looked like they were a jiggle away from popping out he thought. He cleared his throat, dusted off his shoulders, and checked his breath, which smelt horrible, then approached the big titted woman.

"Oy there! How are ya on this fine day?" asked the short man.

"Oh, I'm doing well. Just on a quest at the moment."

" A quest ya say?"

The two were now standing close enough to each other that one could see the height difference much more easily now. Joscelin looked down at the man, her earlier prediction of his height was correct as his head was perfectly level with her massive mammaries. He looked at those knockers noticing her nipples were poking through her brown top.

"I'm a traveling trader m'lady, and I have many goods that might interest you!" exclaimed the trader.

"Really? Well may I take a look?" asked Joscelin.

"But of course! The name's Jim and I'll be happy to do- er I mean help ya today!" Jim offered his hand to the busty blonde.

"I'm Joscelin." She took his hand in return.

He grasped her hand and began to shake it. He saw as he shook her hand her tits jiggled about. This made him shake a little harder and her ample chest followed suit. His tounge was nearly hanging from his mouth watching her tits dance about.

Joscelin cleared her throat to get the over excited trader's attention. It worked and he stopped the hand shaking.

"So about your wears.."

"Ah! Yes of course!" Jim undid the two big buttons holding his coat together. He yanked the coat open revealing his many potions, poisons, herbs, and some empty vials . The buxom beauty also noticed he wore only a tank top and underwear underneath the coat. Stains covered both and Joscelin cringed a little in disgust. He was indeed hairy as she had thought. His body was all but covered in black hair from his chest to his legs.

"See here m'lady, I have health potions, love postions, mana potions, and varies other potions and poisons. Like this baby here, kills any beast even a dragon!"

"That sounds very useful!"

"Of course it does! Here take a look." Jim reached into the pocket housing the small vial of potion. Leaving his coat open the chubby trader walked closer to the big titted Joscelin. He stood near her side and handed the vile to her. Joscelin brought it up a bit to examine it. Jim rested one hand on her lower back almost touching her huge bottom. As he stood on his toes explaining more about the poison and where he got it. Jim brought his other hand up slowly and rubbed his index finger on the tip of Joscelin's erect nipple. His eyes nearly rolled back in his head as he gave a soft sigh enjoying the feeling of her hard nipple.
