 Darkness all around her, sable velvet surrounding, smothering suffocating. Panic welled up and overflowed inside her until the pounding of her heart seemed to echo off the gloom around her reverberating in her head. Automatically she reached for the collar about her neck but it was gone. It was familiar. Locked inside the collar she knew who to fear and where to hide but free danger was unknown and more chilling. Frantic she felt the darkness around her searching for something to anchor herself with. There was nothing but the uneven stone floor beneath her feet that seemed to leach the heat from her body leaving her cold and shivering.

The dream began to shatter around her, darkness fracturing around her, cracks of gold and silver reaching into the nothingness of her subconscious. Brilliant light as isolating as the darkness pierced her eyes blinding her. Sound overwhelmed the silence deafening her till she wanted to clap her hands to her ears and scream but she could not move held frozen by the air around her. 

The harsh crash of metal on metal rang in her ears, the pounding of feet and the sounds of man locked in mortal combat with man surrounded her and she knew soon someone would die bleeding and hurting. Knowledge of that certainty filled her but the light still blinded her and she could not see to predict who would die and who would live.

Voices rang from the light; voices she recognised shouted curses, threats and grunts. She cringed as her brother shouted his defiance and screamed as she recognised Raven's voice raised in anger and tempered with exhaustion. Her own screams woke her and the dream broke around her.

She awoke struggling against the binding of her bedding that had wound itself around her legs and tortured itself into manacles that held her fast even as she fought against them with a panicked awareness of urgency held over from the dream. Cold sweat bathed her body making her shiver as she struggled against the terror that gripped her. Gradually she calmed enough to realise she was awake and safe. Clearing the dream from her mind she freed herself from the tangled sheets. Rising she walked to the balcony door and flung them open letting in the cold morning air revelling in it as it bathed her in cool reality.

Stepping out on to the balcony she looked over the gardens of the Ravenscroft estate that stretched before her. Mist clung stubbornly to the plants and shrubs lying low over the ground, shrouding the garden in magic and mystery. As always when she looked over the garden she smiled. The view was so different from the view from the tower.

The sculpted, manicured gardens were such a far cry from the wild woods that had surrounded her tower that looking out over them was enough to fill her with the certainty that she was free of her brother. Free of the every day fear that today would be the day he came to see her and demand her visions. Visions that were wrenched painfully from her forced by the geas that had bound her as securely as the collar that wrapped around her throat, the physical anchor of the spell. 

A different fear filled her now, fear that he would find her and kill her. For three mornings she had awoken screaming fighting nightmares from of darkness and violence. If her Sight had not been shattered with her virginity, she would have called them visions but her sight was gone. Irrevocably. A commotion in her rooms had her turning away from the gardens 

"My Lord, you can not! The Lady has not yet risen, 'tis not proper"

"Propriety be damned" Branwyn was surprised to hear Lord Ravenscroft growl at her distressed maid in the outer room of her chambers. In the weeks since he had brought her to the city he had never set foot in the chambers he had given to her. Indeed her had avoided being alone with her and had treated her with a distant courtesy in the company of others. The pain of his withdrawal had pierced her after he had shared the ultimate intimacy with her in the tower and freed her from her brother's cruelty.

Alone in her chambers as she prepared for bed she would fantasise about his hands on her touching and caressing her making her feel the heat of desire as he had once in the tower before he had brought her to civilisation. Sometimes her need for him rose to such heights that she would have gladly returned to the tower if it meant he would make her his again. To make her feel like that again, wanted, desirable, mmm, she indulged herself in remembering for a brief moment. 

She remembered his tenderness and desire emotions that had been foreign to here since her parents died. She remembered the tight knot of heat that had built and exploded within her. Most of all she remembered the feeling of being connected, the feeling of belonging and being wanted. Her brother had told her time and time again that without her Sight no one would want her. That thought tortured her in the small hours of the night, before she fell asleep, the thought that Raven no-longer wanted her because she lost her gift. 

The sound of her bedroom doors slamming open startled her out of her reverie. Surprised she looked up and saw Raven step inside and scan the room looking for her. He visibly relaxed when he saw her standing by the balcony door. He stepped into the room trailing her maid, Vanessa who was frantically trying to stop him entering her bed chamber without being disrespectful. Branwyn smiled at the picture they made. Vanessa looked like a small drab bird fluttering around a stallion. 

"My Lord, to what do I owe this intrusion?"

"I need to speak to you" Raven said gruffly. 

"Vanessa," she addressed the maid "Pleas seat Lord Ravenscroft in the sitting room and have some breakfast brought up while I make my self presentable." She had spent the last 4 weeks frantically learning about polite society and social acceptance. "I think we shall eat on the balcony since it is such a beautiful morning!" 

"Yes my Lady." Branwyn smiled at Raven and gestured him to follow her maid her face serene as she tried frantically to remember where she had put her overdress or robe that she could quickly slip on over her nightgown. 

Raven took a seat in the small sitting room and swallowed to ease his dry throat. Seeing his Little Raven silhouetted by the morning sunlight had made his blood boil. The light had filtered through the thin cotton of her night dress and bathed the outline of her body in a halo of mist and gold. Just thinking about it made his arousal pres painfully against his leather breaches. Ruefully he shifted so that his erection would be less obvious knowing that there was nothing to wilt his desire. Branwyn's mere presence was enough to make his body throb and his cock rise to attention. He also knew it would be dishonourable to take her to make her submit to his desires again when all she felt for him was misplaced gratitude for her rescue. His honour still stung at how he had taken her in the Tower when she was unaware of herself. 

Branwyn's entrance into the room stalled his thoughts as the blood drained from his brain. "My Lord, Thank you for being patient I had only just risen from my bed." He cursed inwardly as her innocent phrase filled his mind with images of his Little Raven spread out on her bed, his for the taking, submitting to his every desire.

"Please forgive my intrusion but I have received disturbing news that I thought you should hear."

"Of course My Lord, how could I not forgive my host anything he wanted?" She smiled wryly at the thought of the variety of things she wanted him to do to her that would require forgiveness according to society. "But please let us wait for food. I have not yet broken my fast. Have you eaten yet My Lord?"

"No, I would be honoured to join you." Branwyn smiled bitterly thinking that he would probably prefer to impart his news and return to something more interesting but he was too polite to say so! They sat in silence waiting for the servants to set up breakfast on the balcony and leave

Branwyn stared out over the garden to the walls that sheltered her from the city. She remembered her first view of the city cradled protectively in Ravens arms, wrapped in his cloak and sitting in his lap as he sat astride his horse. She had felt scared and amazed but she had also felt safe knowing he would not let her be hurt. The sprawling mass of humanity covered the valley floor and crawled up the side of the surrounding hills. A haze had hung over the buildings making them appear as if they were something from another world and to her they were. A world she had not seen in so long that the sight frightened her and made her want to bury her face in Raven's chest. She had forced herself too look wondering how easy it would be to hide herself in the sheer volume of life. 

Raven had not given the option of losing herself, instead he had installed her in his home – the Ravenscroft estate and assured her she would be safe behind the walls of his home. She wondered if she might have been better off alone one more strange in the city and not having to endure seeing Raven everyday.

"Branwyn, Little Raven, I have news of your brother." Branwyn was jerked abruptly form her thoughts. She froze the colour draining from her face, her eyes widening staring at him like a deer before the wolf froze with fear at the mere mention of her brother. Raven cursed at his insensitivity. He had not realised just how much she was still afraid she was of her brother.

"Is he here? Does he know where I am?" She asked her voice trembling slightly. Her heart pounding in her chest ash she fought the irrational instinct to run, to flee as far and as fast as she could.

"Calm down Little One, of course he isn't here. He is not in the City..." Branwyn took a deep breath, but her eyes continued to dart around the room searching for an escape route, as though expecting her brother to burst through the door at ay moment. "... but he is heading for the tower. It will not be long before he discovers your disappearance."

"What? No! He can not know I am gone, he can not find me, Oh Goddess he will kill me. I have to go, I have to flee, I have to hide! He can't find me; he'll kill me for sure." She looked at Raven desperately horror filling her expression "Oh Goddess if he finds me here he will kill you too!" She leapt to her feet not thinking, beyond rational thought, the fight or flight instinct ruling her and flight was uppermost. 

"Little Raven, Stop" Raven commanded. "We need to think" but Branwyn did not hear him until he took a firm grip on her shoulders and shook her. "Think. He does not know you are here, he can not find out you are here! He will never find you."

"He will always find me, always" She cried in despair, struggling against him. "He will kill us both. I can't let you get hurt because of me"

"Little One, My Little Raven, you are safest here with me. I will protect you. Never doubt that I will stand between you and you brother." Branwyn was beyond hearing beyond comfort. She had slipped into her own private nightmare. 

Picking her up Raven carried her inside and laid her down on her bed, but she did not notice the change in venue, her fear for raven had trapped her in her nightmare where Raven fought her brother with deadly steel. This time however it was no dream but a vision born of terror. Shaking her, he tried to bring her back to him but she just lay on the bed limp and whimpering. Her eyes were far away terrified gasps spilling from the throat and making him frantic to help her. Desperate he did the only thing he could think of to bring her back to herself.

Leaning over her he placed his lips against hers and kissed her gently. When her lips remained stiff and unyielding he intensified the kiss, pouring in all of his passion. The lips beneath his softened and parted on a gasp, and arms reached around his shoulders to anchor him to her. The kiss grew between them, the desire that had been held in check unfurling until Raven was laid intimately over Branwyn pressing against her. His body crushed hers to the mattress his arousal pressing against her groin. His hands parted the overdress she wore and caressed her soft warm body through the thin nightgown beneath.

Branwyn came back to reality with a start of surprise at the sensation of Raven's lips upon hers. Instinctively she knew who was kissing her and gave herself to the kiss with a small gasp of pleasure. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders seeking more contact with his hard body. If this was a dream then she would wish it to be a true dream. Reluctantly she opened her eyes and met Ravens stare. His eyes were dark and heavy with desire but when he met her gaze common sense returned and Raven tried to break the kiss. He tried to pull away but Branwyn's arms anchored him to her. Closing his eyes briefly he indulged himself and feasted on her mouth before doing the right thing and reaching behind his neck to disentangle himself from her. 

Branwyn whimpered as his lips left her and arched her back trying to maintain the contact with his lips. Raven sat up on the bed berating himself for taking advantage of her again. He was not a teenager to be overwhelmed by his desires damn it. He rested his head in his hands taking deep breaths to try and calm his raging desire. But the air was full of the scent of her and every breath made his lust burn higher.

Branwyn sat up slowly and wrapped her arms around her knees. The hair she had yet to put up was tangled and settled wildly around her head and shoulders. Her nipples were painfully erect and rubbed against the fabric of her nightgown every time she shifted and her centre was hot and wet and pulsing with need.

"Why?" She asked plaintively.

"Why did I kiss you?" Raven asked not looking at her, "Because it was the only way to bring you back to your senses." Branwyn gasped.

"Was that why you slept with me in the tower too? To bring me to my senses!" She wrapped her arms tighter around herself trying to ward of the misery that came with the knowledge of how he really felt about her. Tears overflowed from her eyes but she ignored them as they made there silent progress over her cheeks, He only felt sorry for her. She wanted to scream, he felt no desire for her, no passion only pity and responsibility. She had to leave and leave now; she could not bear the humiliation of wanting him any longer. Sniffling she fought to regain control of her ragged emotions. She needed to think, to plan so she could disappear. 

Raven raised his head and looked her when she sniffed "What's wrong Little One?" Branwyn closed her eyes in despair. She did not what to leave but she felt she had no choice. She cared for this man too much to stay and risk him to her brother's wrath. Opening her eyes she braced herself and told him the truth.

"I want you" she said brazenly "I want you to touch me again, I want to feel you hands on me, your body above mine. I want to hear your voice grow rough with desire. I want to feel the pleasure you can give me and give you pleasure in return." She snorted bitterly, "but it is obvious that you do not want me in return."

Raven stared at her in amazement his mouth open slightly as if to speak "Please don't say anything" Branwyn begged "I have humiliated myself enough already." Dropping her legs over the side of the bed she stood up and straightened her gown and robe with a last glance at Raven she began to leave retreating from her own room.

Raven's shock held him motionless and mute in the face of Branwyn's passion. She wanted him, she didn't feel grateful or indebted; she desired him. His heart thumped inside his chest as desire rushed trough him making his blood boil. He launched himself at Branwyn, catching her around the waist he spun her round and pulled her tight against his body till every curve of hers was moulded against him. When she was close enough he claimed her mouth with his own and kissed her as if he would consume her from the mouth down.

Branwyn stood stiff with shock unsure of what was happening as her mind caught up with what was happening to her body. She melted against him; her blood seemed to freeze then heat to a boil as his lips started fires within her. Reluctantly Raven dragged his lips from hers and looked at her. Branwyn moaned in protest of the separation. Her eyes were closed, her lips red and swollen from his hunger. Her cheeks were flushed. She looked delectable. No he corrected she looked edible. 

"Please..." She whimpered

"Please?" he teased and was horrified to see a tear leak from beneath her close eyelids. "Shhh...Little Raven" He collected the tear from her cheek with his finger tip and brought the glistening drop to his lips. Gentle now his lips returned to hers tasting and teasing. Leaving her lips he skimmed his mouth over her jaw and cheeks, his tongue mapping her face and removing all traces of her tears. His lips continued to trace her face pressing gently against her eyelids, her forehead and the tip of her nose before returning to her lips to stir their mutual passion higher. His hands ran up her arms and shoulders till he could push the overdress off and down her arms, leaving her standing in only the thin cotton gown. He pressed her back till her legs hit the bed then he pressed further till she was laying on the quilt.

His lips pressed ravenously against her, feasting on her mouth his tongue thrusting tasting teasing tormenting. He kissed her till she was writhing against him hungrily, her mouth submitting to his every demand. With a wicked smile he pulled away from her, and her small throaty whimper of protest made his groin throb. Her back arched and her hips strained against him rubbing deliciously at his cock, even as her mouth sought to return to his. He had to have another taste, Oh Goddess he thought as their lips met, but he reigned in his hunger and fought for control. Tearing his lips for hers again he smiled. 

"I'm going to make you crazy." He claimed his voice rough and dangerous, "I'm going to make you as crazy as you have made me this month."

"Not... my... fault" Branwyn panted "I wanted... too" her voice was low and husky and her breathing ragged. He just smiled at her his heart pounding.

"I'm going to make you beg" His hands went to the hem of her night gown. Slowly he began to raise it his hands caressing the skin of her calves his breath playing erotically over her skin his hands moving slowly upwards over her knees and thighs and just the slightest hint of the dark curls between them. There was a fine trembling in her muscles as he slipped his hands over her hips and under her buttocks.

When he squeezed her in his large hands the delicious pressure made her back arch up her breasts thrusting against the gown nipple aching points. The movement also allowed him to slip her nightgown further up till it was gathered in the small of her back. Her core was exposed to his hungry gaze he leant forward inhaling the fragrance of her desire seeing the evidence glistening wetly on the sable curls. 

With a low moan her legs parted cupping his body and allowing him better access, but he made no move to take what was offered. He wanted her so crazy that she would do anything he demanded of her. Instead of gorging himself on her taste he let his breath whisper against the folds of her flesh until she was whimpering from the sensation of cool air playing over her heated flesh.

"Do you know how hot you made me earlier standing in this nightgown and nothing more?" he asked as conversationally as he could ignoring the way his heart pounded and his cock throbbed with the demand to take. She shook her head against the pillow unable to speak and his breath continued to caress her. Her hair fanned out around her head and her hips trembled in his hands. "The sun silhouetted you so that I could see every curve; every line of you wrapped in gold and mist. It made me want to throw you down and claim you!" 
