 Scene 1

She moved silently down the dark stairs, her customary chain armor left behind for this work. She would be in no danger. She paused as the room came into view, assuring all was arranged as she'd required. He stood chained between two heavy support beams, legs spread just beyond the width of his shoulders, arms stretched out to his sides at the level of those massive shoulders. This was a strong one. Good. She smiled and moved on into the room.

It was the sound of the whip coiled at her side, moving against her hip as she walked that alerted him to her presence. She saw his head come up as she moved around him to stand in front. He raked her form with his eyes, and they widened as they took in the whip and he realized what she must be. She smiled as the beginnings of true fear grew in his eyes, the pupils huge in the dim light. She walked around him, idly trailing her fingertips over his naked skin as she ducked under his arm, stepping over the chain at his ankle. His flesh shivered at her touch and he drew in a ragged breath, ribs expanding as her fingers traced them.

"I'll be telling you nothing, bitch!" he snarled, and she smiled, looking over his shoulder. He had stood here for some time alone, staring at the encrusted tools of the torturer's trade. The rack of iron implements near the low burning fire, the stretcher table, the iron form-fitting cage that would hold him still for his tormentor, all dark, stained, showing the signs of hard use. She didn't use such crude devices, but he had no way to know that.

"But pet, I haven't asked you anything." Her words whispered against the back of his ear, her lips brushing it as she stroked her hands softly down his sides, enjoying the smoothness of warm skin over hard, trembling muscle. She moved to the other ear, letting her breath trail over the back of his neck. He smelled of fear sweat, sour but intoxicating. "We shall have such fun, you and I."

"I'm not your Tyr be damned pet, woman. Kill me or torture me or whatever you're about and be done with it!" His nostrils flared as he worked himself into a rage to replace the fear he hated feeling.

She smiled again and trailed a hand down his back as she stepped away from him. Her chest was on the table behind him, as she'd instructed. She opened it and pulled out the vial of herbed oil. She pulled off her over-shirt, it was hard to get the oil out of the sleeves, she'd found, besides, he might enjoy the view of her scanty shift and bare arms. The sooner his focus changed, the more fun they could have.

She began at his shoulders, spreading the warm oil over his body with a light firm touch, covering his arms, his back the curves of his hips, and down his legs, watching the sheen of the lamp light on his glowing skin. The oil slowly soaked in and warmed, the herbs blended in it drawing his blood to the surface, heating his skin. He cursed her, yelled at her, threatened, then finally grew silent as nothing hurt him and her warm hands gliding over his body continued and his rage became glaringly out of place. Oh, he so wanted to be angry, this one. Such strength would feed her well.

"Aaah, that's better pet. You are lovely, you know. I'm enjoying my time with you already, but we've only just begun." She moved in front of him, smiling up at his angry, wary eyes, then releasing his gaze to wander over her own firm body as she began oiling his chest. Her fingers moved in slow, firm circles, spreading the oil. She took the time to massage his small nipples under her fingertips, catching them between two fingers for a moment, enough to give a slight squeeze before moving on, and saw his breath catch as she did. Down his belly and over his groin, avoiding his sex for now. She made sure his legs were coated well first, then remained crouched before him, smiling up at him.

Her hands slid up his inner thighs and spread the oil behind his scrotum and then over it, gently cupping and massaging his balls while he looked down at her. His cock twitched and he groaned.

"What in the name of Hel do you want from me, woman?" He tried to glare, not quite keeping the fierceness in his gaze as his member grew under her touch.

"Why pet. I want everything, of course." She smiled up at him, stroking his hardness in her oily fingers, then stood, releasing him and stepping behind him again. She watched over his shoulder as his eyes closed while he tried to figure out his situation. Her hand reached between his spread legs and smoothed more oil from behind his balls back, up the crease of his hard buttocks, over the tight pucker of his anal ring. She slipped a finger inside him, amused as his whole body tightened at the invasion, the ring of muscle squeezing around her finger.

"Woman! You've no business back there! Damn you to Niffleheim what do you be wanting with me?" His hips moved as he tried to pull away from her.

She slid her finger slowly in and out a few times. "Easy, pet, you will learn to enjoy this as well, in time. You'll enjoy it all, pleading with me for more, even as you beg me to stop." Her finger slipped out and she moved back, leaning against the table, cleaning her hands on a solvent soaked rag as she watched him. A soft sheen of sweat overlaid the glow of the oil as it warmed his skin. His male organs must be a center of heat by now, and his ass would soon be burning as well. She waited.

"Damn you, woman. I'll not beg anything of you. You're insane! What do you want with this stroking and petting, I tell you, I'm not your damned pet!" He shifted his weight, trying the chains, restless as the heat built, his hips shifting despite himself.

She waited a few more minutes while he cursed and moved despite himself in the chains, then moved up behind him, sliding her hands around his waist, pressing to his back, her hips against his ass. "It feels good, doesn't it pet? All that warmth, and my hands on you." She slid her fingers around his semi-erect member and slowly stroked it. Her other hand cupped his balls and fingertips moved behind them. "So warm, so good. You are a lovely man, pet. I intend to enjoy you very much. I know you will enjoy yourself, too. Relax pet, let me take you to your pleasure"

She held him against her with her arms while her hands stroked him. Her hips against his butt pushed him forward into her grip with each stroke, her body pressed to his back. Each time he opened his eyes he saw only the dark bloody iron machines before him. When he closed them, he felt only the pleasure of her touch. She felt the tension in his body change and opened her magic, sipping gently at his life. The delicious rush filled her, flavored with fear and anger and lust. She smiled as he spasmed in her arms and came, sipping delicately at the energy that was his self. Oh yes, this one would feed her well, given time.

He sagged in his chains, breathing harshly, and she let him go. Donning her overshirt once more, and closing her trunk, locking it, she went up the stairs without another glance at him, though she felt his eyes on her. "Take him to his cell and feed him, give him water. Bring him back here in two hours," she told the guards as she passed. "And I had better not find a bruise on him when I return. His pain is mine, along with his life." She stared at the smirking guards until they paled and looked away, remembering what she was.

Scene 2

She watched him tense as she descended the stairs to him once more and smiled. He'd had time to think about what happened, to feel guilt in the pleasure he had found in his captivity. His rage had grown apace, his defense, futile though it was. She tasted it in the air, tempting her magic, tempting her to drain him. Not yet. She was interested in so much more from him.

"Bitch. You'll get nothing from me. I've no need for the depravities you offer. Go away." He snarled, his face a mask of anger, and if he had but known it, the seeds of despair. She smiled happily up at him.

"You are such a strong, lovely man. Shall we begin?" She looked him over, his oiled body marred now with the dust of the fortress and his own sweat. She moved to the water heating at the fire by her order, and filled the basin set nearby. Then she bathed him. Slowly, following the same pattern she had when applying the oil, she removed it from him, heated water sluicing down his body, running along the ridges of his muscled form. He ranted at her, cursing her while she enjoyed touching him, running her hands over him, breathing in the clean scent that emerged from the grime.

She filled the basin with fresh water, hot from the fire, before washing his groin. She crouched to one knee before him and washed him slowly, thoroughly, keeping the soft rag hot in the water. She let him look down on her there before him, never glancing up, never disturbing the view she wanted him to take in. She heard his breathing hoarsen as his member grew in her touch, swelling if not reaching full erection yet.

He was silent as she put aside the basin and fetched the oil, only his breath and the slight sounds of her movements filling the stone room as the lamps flickered on the walls. She retrieved the oil from her box and rubbed it over his ass, moving in front and kneeling once more to stroke it over his scrotum and member. It became hard in her hands this time, and she kept her face down as her smile spread, listening to his low, anguished moan as his body betrayed him. She ran her hands slowly over him, her light grip sliding up his length and back. The fingers of the other hand slid behind his scrotum, massaging his balls.

She listened as his breath grew faster, still doing nothing to interfere with his gaze on her kneeling at his feet. Let him build the illusion in his mind as she knelt before him. He would soon know better, when it was too late. Her hand moved firmly on him, the oil heating, his erection swelling hard in her grip. She felt the tension begin to grow in him and her off hand slipped back, fingers stroking between his legs. One teased the round ring of his anus and he tensed. Her stroking on his cock didn't pause as he whispered, "No."

Her finger circled, gently, lightly massaging his opening as her hand stroked him. "I said No, you bitch, leave it alone!" He barked at her, and she ignored him, her hand sliding oiled along his length, feeling his tension, fingering the slippery fluid oozing from his tip. She gripped him tighter and moved a bit faster, listening to him groan. Her fingertip slipped just into the ring, not exactly penetrating, working the muscles loose as he tried to tighten. He trembled, the muscles in his thighs straining as she held him balanced on the edge of release, her finger moving deeper holding him back. The new sensation and his mental resistance enough to stop his climax, her oiled hot hand keeping him close.

He groaned, panting, and she felt the first relaxation at her finger. She stopped, letting him go, stepping back. "Good pet. But we aren't ready yet for you to spend. You have so much more to learn." She smiled at him as he looked at her, his eyes wide. The total confusion and loss in his face was precious and she leaned forward to kiss his lips lightly, feeling the beginning of his response before he caught himself and jerked his head back with an oath.

She laughed lightly and stepped around behind him, wiping her hands free of the oil before taking another item from her chest. The long tails of her softest flogger trailed down his back and chest as she caressed his broad shoulders with it. She watched the goosebumps follow it. Her left hand slid around his waist, her hips pressing to his firm backside as she stroked his cock again, bringing him back to full erection quickly. His breath caught in his throat at her renewed touch, and she stroked him until his hips moved against her.

She stepped back and swung the whip with her right hand, letting the tails lash across his tight behind, enjoying the grunting yelp that surprise drew from him. She paused a moment, letting the burn set in, then back-handed it over him. He only grunted that time, calling her a bitch. It wasn't very painful, she knew. That wasn't the point, for now. She stepped forward again, pressing to his back, her hips pushing his forward into her hand as she stroked him again.

He moaned low, rumbling in his chest. "You fucking bitch." The words were almost a moan in themselves, his head down, eyes closed, cock pushing into her hand. She let go and stepped back, lashing his ass again, higher, pausing, back again, watching the flesh darken in the dim light of the oil lamps. Again she stepped up to him, licking his shoulders, biting him lightly, hand moving on his erection until he moved with her. She repeated the cycle until the skin curving around his behind glowed heat against her thinly clad hips as she pressed against him from behind, and he was moaning low. His cock no longer lost any hardness before she touched him again.

Finally she silently set the flogger aside when she stepped up to him. Her hand slid along his hardness, gripping it tighter than before, stroking him a bit faster. She stretched up to lick his neck, running her teeth along it, biting softly. She whispered in his ear, "Cum for me pet. I give you your release now, cum for me." Her free hand slipped between them as she felt him tense, and her finger slid inside him. He gasped, eyes going wide as she watched. He was too far gone now to stop and she ran her finger deep, moving it in and out of him as he strained into his orgasm.

The reaver opened her magic, letting it drink from his life as she pulled his climax from him, tasting the rage and guilt and deep mix of feelings under the lust that exploded through his aura as she fed from him. He surged in the chains, thrusting into her hand and back against her, driving her probing finger deeper with his own movements. His roar echoed in the close stone room, he let all the rage and frustration into it as he came.

She took all the extra energy he loosed and filled herself with it, working him through his orgasm in a triumph of her own. He was coming along very well. She didn't have much time for this one, but she didn't think she would need it. She looked at him as he sagged panting in his chains. She wiped her hands and closed her private chest, leaving him once more to glare hatred at her back as she climbed the stairs.

"Take him to his cell. Feed and water him well, and let him rest. Bring him back in four hours." The guards nodded, eyes a little wide as they went down the stairs. Well, his roar at the end had been rather impressive. She smiled at the thought of the scene the guards would find, and went off to her own rest and meditations.

Scene 3

His head came up as she descended the stairs once more. She walked around in front of him and examined his expression. Stoicism, and an almost haunted look she saw in his eyes. Yes, he was coming along nicely. She smiled and reached out to run one finger slowly down his chest, and a smile curved her lips as she saw his limp member twitch and begin to slowly swell.

"Just get on with it, you sick twisted bitch." He stared at her, and she could see the first glint of lust behind everything else. She smiled, and said nothing, walking around behind him to her chest.

She started as last time, cleansing him with warm water, removing the oil and sweat from their last session, then oiling his cock and balls with the warming potion. He was rock hard and standing with his eyes closed long before she was done.

She stepped behind him and reached around to slide her hand along his shaft, working him while her well-oiled finger entered his anus. She glided it in and out, circling, stretching the muscles wider. He moaned and relaxed, evidently determined to take his pleasure from her this time. Perhaps he thought he could cum and be done with it before she was ready. It wouldn't work, of course.

She waited until she felt the tension begin to fill his body, then reached back for the small carved phallus, wider in the middle then on the end. She oiled it well, then began working it in and out of the ring of his ass, stroking his cock as she did. His head tipped back and he groaned, a note of despair in it as his hips pushed back against her. She pushed hard, suddenly, and it slipped into him, past the wide spot, and settled in place in his ass. He gasped, panting lightly, and she let it go, slowly, softly stroking him as he adjusted to the presence inside him.

When he started to thrust into her hand once more, she let go and stepped back. She took up the soft flogger once more and swept it across his ass and back. He startled a bit, then adjusted himself and braced to take it. She smiled, letting him warm up slowly as she worked the flogger and his cock, occasionally pressing on the plug inside him. Gradually she worked the flogging higher on his back. She flogged him for some slow random small number of strikes, then stepped close, pressed herself to his ass and stroked him, keeping him hard and aroused, pressing herself against the plug in his ass in rhythm with her strokes. She murmured in his ear about how good he was, how strong, how much she was enjoying him.

His breathing was deep and ragged, he moaned from time to time, his eyes mostly closed. She stepped back and picked up a different whip. This one had harsher strands, fewer of them and harder stiffer leather. The first bite of it across his back brought his head up and a raw cry from his throat. The welts from the second stroke crossed the first on his shoulders, leaving a nice diamond pattern.

She stepped up to him again, voice soothing as she stroked him, no change from the pattern. It took an extra few strokes before he started thrusting against her, but soon his hips moved with a sort of desperation and she let go quickly. No release for him yet. The pattern continued until his back and ass and thighs were laced with welts and he trembled when she slid her arms around him. She barely heard the first whispered plea. Her hand slowed and he thrust wildly forward, trying to reach for her. "What was that, pet?"

"Please. Please let me cum. Enough, please." He whispered still, afraid if he said it out loud it would have more reality.

"No, pet. You must want it more than that." She stepped back and changed whips again, once more with heavier and fewer strands, a little more weight in her hand as she made it whistle through the air. The welts began a new pattern, stronger, wider diamonds laced over the earlier ones.

"AAAHHH! Enough! Please! What do you want from me?" He panted, straining at the chains. His skin was burning under her palm as she slid it up his welted back, reaching around to his hardness and teasing him to distraction once more. His hips shoved back against her and thrust hard forward into her hand, desperate now to end it.

"I told you, pet. I want everything." She slid her hand over the rough texture of his welted back, her hips thrusting at him from behind while she stroked him, working the plug inside him. "What do you want, pet?"

"Let me go. Let me cum and let me go. Please...oh fuck please..." His was voice hoarse as he tensed under her touch, so close.

"You want to cum, pet? You want the pleasure promised by the pain?" She slowed, lightening her touch, not letting him reach release, not letting go.

"Yes, damn you I want it, let me cum, please." He shook against her body and she wrapped her arm tightly around him, holding him close, supporting him. Then she pumped him hard, thrusting at his ass.

"Cum for me then pet. Cum for me. I give you what you want so badly, with my own hands. Cum for me." She murmured to him and held him while he spent, screaming his release and his pain. Her magic once more fed from his life force as it surged with his orgasm. Tears and sweat ran down his face as he finished. She held him close until she felt the first stirrings of awareness in his body, then let him go and stepped away before he could think to object.
