 Joscelin and Driggle made their way into the town of Valorinth. The road was filled with wondering travelers, peddlers, and townsfolk. Driggle floated along next to the buxom beauty as they walked down the street. Many men and a few women watched Joscelin's huge knockers bouncing and jiggling with every step the big titted bimbo took. Some even brushing up against her bosom just to have a quick feel of her milk sacks.

She felt it every time one of these perverted men touched her breasts, mainly because most of her tits were bare apart from the brown bra like top concealing her inch long pink nipples. One man even "tripped" falling forward and planting his face right inside her cleavage. Joscelin thought the man had actually tripped which was clear as she asked, "Oh my goodness, are you alright Sir?"

The sly gent made some muffled groan as a response as he brought the palms of his hands up and placed them on top of her covered nipples, his thumb rested on the underside while his other fingers laid on top of her chest. Squeezing just a little as he pushed on her big melons with his hands and pulled his face back and out of her enormous udders. "Pardon me ma'am." The man said, his face red but smiling very wide. The over weight man gave her tits one last light squeeze before letting go.

"It's quite alright." said Joscelin with a half-smile. The over weight man looked down at her tits one last time then turned left and walked towards a group of men drinking outside a local tavern. Driggle watched the man approach the other over weight men as they began laughing and whistling at Joscelin.

"Seems like the men around here like you.", said the little imp with a sarcastic tone to his voice.

" Do they like me, or my tits?", retorted Joscelin.

The pair began to walk down the street again until they were in the center of town. Tall buildings surrounded the town creating many long alley ways. Joscelin looked around seeing women dumping buckets of water out of a few windows. One even splashing some drunken man as he held up his fist in anger.

"I think we should split up, we'll cover more ground that way. Just remember to pick up all the supplies and information you can." Joscelin said taking her eyes off the drunk old man and turning them towards Driggle.

"Right, that's a good idea. I'll head this way." Driggle pointed to the left towards a brothel. Joscelin looked at him with a cold stare, not saying anything as Driggle shot her a wide smile and floated along in the direction of his choosing. His little bat like wings flapping as hard as they could.

The gorgeous Joscelin just rolled her eyes and walked the opposite direction, towards what looked like the wrong side of town. Many old, sickly looking people in tattered clothes walked along the street as did the busty adventurer.

Ahead of Joscelin was many more large buildings with many dark alley ways, in one such alley way was a very tiny man and a very skinny woman. The pair was arguing.

"Bean, sweetheart, we need to try to find our next target." said the skinny woman, looking almost like a skeleton with skin. Her eyes dark and sunken in like she never got any sleep. She had a big nose, long finger nails that were horrible to look at. Her teeth stained yellow with holes in a few of them. She wore a tattered dress that showed off way to much of her flat, bony chest.

"Quite Cindy! I'm keeping my eyes open aren't I?" snapped the midget in a hushed tone. The tiny man named Bean wore a very dirty baby onesie. It looked almost too small for the midget as it hugged his fat little body tight. The hood of his onesie was down and his bald, slightly large head fully displayed. His nose rounded, small and upturned much like a pig's nose, his mouth full of tiny teeth, like a baby.

"We are running out of money, honey. We had to sell our last cow to some lucky fucker just to scrape by!" whined Cindy.

"I know I was there remember? It took us 9 months to get that bitch to produce. God I miss those G cups!"

He was hugging his back against the building every so often peeking his bald head around the corner to look down the street.

"Jackpot!" yelled Bean, his accomplice shushing him as he did so. Cindy peeked her head around the corner above the two foot tall man.

Cindy's and Beans eyes lit up as they watch the big boobed adventurer walking right towards the alley they were in. They watched the stunning blonde's huge twin orbs jiggle with every step she took.

" Ooo, I can't wait to get my hands on those knockers! Those things are way bigger than the last one!" Cindy said excitedly licking her lips with her sharp tongue.

"Oh yes Mommy, come to baby Bean!" exclaimed the disgusting midget.

The pair looked at each other and smiled with sinister grins as they slinked back into the alley. Bean pulled his hood up over his head on his man baby's onesie as Cindy grabbed a small torn blanket to wrap her man-child of a partner in. She sat on her knees while coddling her now wrapped up Bean, holding him close to her sickly looking body. Bean then cleared his throat and began to let out a loud baby like cry.

As Joscelin strolled down the street noticing not many people were around now, she heard a baby cry followed by a woman screaming, "Oh my poor baby!".

Joscelin ran over to the direction the cries were coming from, her huge tits bouncing wildly as she did. The adventurer found the alley the noise was coming from. It was long and dark but bright enough to see what looked like a woman holding her infant in her arms.

"Miss, are you alright, what's wrong?" asked the concerned Joscelin.

"It's my baby boy, darling. He's starving to death." said the weeping Cindy. Bean kept crying as he looked up at the scrawny woman and winked in approval of her acting skills, which were actually not that good.

"Maybe I can help." said the big titted woman as she walked slowly towards Cindy and Bean. Joscelin squatted down in front of the crying woman and baby, her brown skirt rose up revealing her black panties. Her huge melons squished against her knees. Cindy lifted her head, still weeping crocodile tears.

"Oh bless you slu- Um.. I mean young woman." Cindy said eyeing the huge fuck bubbles attached to Joscelin's chest. Joscelin did not notice the skinny woman licking her lips as she stared hard at her jugs, leaning forward slightly as to get a closer look.

Joscelin's beautiful blue eyes were looking down at the still crying Bean. "You said he's starving?" asked the well endowed blonde, looking up at Cindy. Cindy's eye's lingered on Joscelin's milk full udders before shaking her head, snapping out of her almost hypnotic state. "Y..Yes, oh he's so hungry, he hasn't eaten in days!" wailed the ugly woman, back to her pathetic attempts of acting.

"May I hold him, miss?" asked Joscelin as she brought her knees down on the ground to balance herself more.

"Oh.. yes.. um of course my dear." stammered the yellow toothed Cindy, taken aback a little at how easily this busty slut fell for the pair's trap. Cindy reached out her hands, Bean still wrapped in the small blanket. Joscelin reached her hands out as well as to take hold of the, unknown to her, adult midget. As she leaned forward with her arms stretched, Cindy was getting another eye full of Joscelin's mighty cleavage, watching them rise and fall with every breath the big titted blonde made.

"Here he is darling." Cindy said with a sniffle handing Bean over into Joscelin's awaiting arms.

Joscelin grabbed hold of Bean as he continued his crying, turning him as she did as to see the "baby". She let out a small gasp as she looked at Bean, she thought he looked like a piglet more than an infant. "He's..um... very adorable." Said Joscelin in an attempt not to be rude. "Thank you sugar-ti- I..I mean young lady." replied Cindy watching as Joscelin brought Bean a little closer to her bosom.

Bean was getting the best view of the busty adventurer as he was face to face with Joscelin's huge, gigantic right tit. He stopped his wailing as he looked at the huge fleshy orb in awe. His eyes went wide as they were even bigger up close. He could make out the outline of her nipple inside her skimpy top. He licked his dry lips, smacking them a couple of times as he brought his hands out of the blanket and reached for her big, tasty melon.

Joscelin still under the illusion that this was a real baby did nothing as he placed his hands on either side of her tit and began to squeeze it. His hands were so tiny compared to the adventurer's huge fun bag. He bounced it slightly like a kid would throw a ball a little in the air. Joscelin looked up at Cindy who was just as mesmerized at the wonderful boob being bounced and groped by her midget companion. Cindy's hand was pulling on the bottom of her dress tight, as she was beginning to get worked up watching Bean play with the ample tit.

"Are you alright ma'am?" Asked the concerned adventurer.

"Um... Uh yes my pretty, just so happy you were willing to help us." said Cindy as she lifted her head, stretching her neck to peek downwards at Bean who was now about to peel down Joscelin's top. Bean's hands reached up on either side of the bra like top, hooking his fingers inside of it before slowly pulling it down. Joscelin looked down as he did so, watching the tiny man baby reveal her lovely, hard pink nipple. Bean and Cindy let out the same quite moan as they looked at the bimbo's huge naked tit. Bean reached his hands out again, this time grabbing under her boob with his left hand, while is right went straight for the sexy nipple. He used his whole hand to grip the inch long teet.

Joscelin winced a little at the midget's rough handling of her boob. She thought to herself that this could be a way she could use these giant melons in a positive way. Knowing she could feed a starving child made her light up.

"Well..ouch.. Miss I-erm..ow..am happy to- ouch- tell you that I have plenty of food for your.. mm.. child." yelped the busty Joscelin as Bean roughly squeezed and pinched her nipple.

"You.. You mean..."

"Yes I can produce- ow-... milk." said Joscelin.

Bean and Cindy looked at each other with that same lecherous grin, as Bean turned back to face the dimwitted blonde's tit.

The nasty midget opened his mouth wide and yelled, "Mama!" before throwing his head forward, latching hard on Joscelin's tasty breast.

"Did he just-" Joscelin's words cut short as she watched Bean dive his hood covered head into the tit buffet before him. He began making loud smacking noises as he awaited his yummy treat. He didn't have to wait long as Joscelin let out a small moan feeling her milk flow from her engorged tit, to her nipple and into the midget's suckling mouth.

Bean's eyes went wide as he felt and tasted the warm liquid rushed into his hungry mouth and down his throat. the moment he tasted her sweet milk, he couldn't control himself any more and began to frantically suck her huge tit, slapping his hands against the side's of her melon. Holding it in place as his mouth moved up and down biting, chewing, and sucking the giant udder.

" Wow... He's really hungry isn't he?" said Joscelin wincing in pain every time the milk hungry midget bit down on her now sore tit.

"Mmm..He sure is." Cindy said while rubbing her snatch over her tattered dress. Joscelin on the other hand was to busy watching in almost shock at how fast the little mouth of the milk suckling midget worked on her abused jug to notice how turned on this made the dirty woman. He made low but fast grunting sounds between swallowing mouthfuls of tit juice.

Cindy stopped rubbing her twat and reached into her panties and pulled out a cloth soaked with chloroform. She moved slowly behind the breastfeeding Joscelin as she continued to wince and yelp as the pretend infant nursed on her. Bean's head began to tug back and forth on the adventurer's boob, Joscelin yelping, "Ow..okay not so rough.. Ah!" Bean just kept up the same pain inducing tugging he was doing but now going even faster as Joscelin's cries of pain caused him to get even more turned on.

Cindy finally made it behind the big titted slut has she held her hand holding the chloroform soaked cloth behind Joscelin's head. She looked down at Bean who was making noisy slurping sounds. Cindy and Joscelin both could hear milk sloshing around in his mouth. Bean then looked up towards Cindy and winked. As he did so, Cindy grinned and winked back. Bean yanked his mouth from Joscelin's sore teet with a "pop!". Milk squirting out the adventurer's udder and into his face as he yelled, "Got you now bitch!" 

"Huh?!" gasped Joscelin.

Cindy quickly brought the cloth to Joscelin's face, slamming it hard against her nose and mouth. The busty bimbo wriggled and brought her hands up to try to pull Cindy's hand away from her face. Bean laughed and latched back on Joscelin's now red nipple continuing his feeding. The well endowed adventurer's attempts to pry the scrawny woman's hand from her face failed as she felt her eyes go dark before slumping over. Cindy caught the limp blonde with her other arm, reaching around and grabbing hold of the sluts other huge milk tank that was still covered by her top.

"Wow these things are really soft and squishy! And damn are they huge!" laughed the nasty woman, her companion still nursing on Joscelin's other tit.

"MmmHmm!" was the filthy midget's only reply as he filled his mouth with as much milk and titty flesh as possible.

"Come on we need to take this slut to the root cellar before anyone sees us." said Cindy as she gave the blonde's boob one last hard squeeze before letting her go. Joscelin's body fell backwards hitting the ground as Bean just fell with her, his mouth holding it's latch on that big wonderful, tasty breast.

With one last "Sluuuuurrrrppppp!" he let go of her tit.

"Man this bitch as some really tasty milk! When we get down to the cellar, you really need to try some."

"Don't worry sweetie, I'm sure there is plenty for the both of us." Cindy said as the pair began to laugh maniacally. Cindy and Bean each grabbed a leg of the unconscious Joscelin, dragging her towards a nearby root cellar.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Inside the brothel, Driggle was having a wonderful time as a stunning woman gave his cock a good sucking. She was indeed stunning, long shoulder length brown hair. Her tits, though large, were nothing near the size of Joscelin's, but still a nice handful for the demon looking imp.

He was sitting on a stool with each of his hands tugging on the whore's small nipples. She was on her knees, her head bobbing up and down on the imp's thick red prick. With one hard tug on the cock sucking babe's melons, Driggle pushed his cock as far down the bimbo's throat as possible. She gagged as he thrust himself inside her gorgeous mouth.

"AHHH! Yesss.. Wow that felt great!" said the little imp as his seed shot into her mouth.

The whore choked on his sperm a little as he shot his load, but she then regained her composure and with one big gulp, she swallowed his spunk.

"Mmm, I see you liked that." the brunette slut said with a wink.

"Yes I sure did, thank you miss." pantted the now exhausted Driggle. "Here you go, 3 gold for your services."

"Thanks sugar, come back anytime." said the whore as she took the gold from Driggle's tiny hand giving him one last wink and pat on the head before getting to her feet and walking away.

Driggle sighed with a hint of accomplishment at what he had just did. As he sat back in the stool, two very old, very ugly men walked in.

"Ha! Yeah I saw those two grab another cow 'bout an hour ago." said one of the men, "She has some giant udders on 'er don't she?"

"Yeah that one looks like a keeper, can't wait to have a go of those huge things." the other man said with a wink and a nudge to his friend.

"Hmm, humans and their love of cow juice." said the imp as he sat up and jumped from the stool using his wings to keep him in the air as he began to float out of the brothel and further down the street. He looked back towards the center of town where he and Joscelin last saw each other.

"She must be helping some poor fool, or still looking for some supplies. I'll give her another couple hours to sight see." shrugged Driggle. He turned back towards the way he was heading originally and began floating down the street.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The alleyway now was vacant. The only indication that someone was there were barely visible drag marks on the ground. Drag marks that led right to the root cellar close by. Nothing could be heard outside the cellar, but inside was a different story. Inside the cellar, Joscelin was bending over, her black panties pulled off as it sat on top of her trusted sword that was perched against the cellar wall. She was trapped inside what looked to be a pillory. Though this was no ordinary pillory. instead of her head and wrists locked in place like a normal medieval trap, this one was set up where Joscelin's huge tits were squeezed tight inside two holes while her hands were strapped down on top of the perverted tool.

Her breasts were pointing straight out, the cups of her top pulled completely down. Her melons swelled through the vice-like grip of the pillory, they looked similar to a pair of balloons being squeezed too tight where they look like they'll pop any second. Joscelin could see her tits as they now had a red- purpleish colour to them. Milk leaking out of the abused mammaries.

Joscelin's mouth was gagged with a ball and rope. Her body kept jerking forward as she let out pain filled moans. The cause of her rough jerking motion was because the ugly, scrawny woman named Cindy was ramming a makeshift dildo, using it as a strap on, into the blonde's huge round ass.

"Come on, moo for us cow!" cried the bony woman as she slapped the busty adventurer's huge butt cheek. Joscelin could feel everything. She felt the 10 inch dildo ramming into her tight asshole faster and faster. She could also feel her pussy being licked and sucked on by the midget named Bean.

Bean had his tongue barried inside Joscelin's tight twat, making slurping sounds every time he began to suck at her clit.

"Oh yeah you stupid slut, you love this!" said Bean between mouthfuls of adventurer snatch.

Tears welled in Joscelin's eyes as the perverted team raped her. She tried to let out a loud muffled scream for help. But that only made Bean laugh as he wiped his mouth, covered in the big tit bimbo's pussy juice, with the sleeve on his dirty man baby onesie.

"Hehehe! Scream and cry all you want bitch, no one can hear you in here. It's a charm we placed around the cellar making it one-hundred percent sound proof." said Bean as he walked from under the busty Joscelin, Cindy still ramming her strap on dildo into her big ass. Joscelin's ass cheeks jiggled with every hard ram. Bean walked around the front of the weeping adventurer. He grabbed a near by stool and sat it in front of the huge cow udders he loved so much. He licked his lips enjoying his new view as he gazed upon her baby feeders as they continued to leak that very tasty milk.

Bean crawled up on the stool as he stood up he was now eye level with the huge fuck jugs. He looked into Joscelin's beautiful blue eyes, now filled with tears, as she looked back into his with a look of terror at what he was about to do next.

Bean looked at his wrist pretending to see a watch on it as he said, "Would you look at that, it's time for baby's feeding!"

Joscelin's eyes widened as she shook her head furiously. Bean and Cindy both sucked on her huge tits so much already that her teets were beyond sore and now stung every time anything touched them.

"Come on Mommy, don't be like that. Baby need his mother's tit juice to grow up big and strong!" said Bean with a wink as he grabbed her left tit hard with both hands, kneading the fleshy orb. Joscelin winced in absoulute pain as he put his tiny hands on her tit.
