 Author's Note: Hello again everyone! I thank you for taking the time to read through what will be my second submission to the site. This story is inspired by the Literotica members xxxecil, gigglinggoblin, gaytripper, and yshomatsu, all of which have written absolutely amazing work for the site. Again, this is only my second erotica writing ever, so I am still honing my craft and working on my skill. I will be taking the advice I received on my first submission and put it towards this one, drawing out the sex scenes and making the characters stronger and wiser.

So, without further ado, I hope you enjoy my newest work! As always, feedback and ratings are much appreciated.

*****

When the sex apocalypse came, no one saw it coming. Nationwide doomsday preppers had spent all of their time preparing for the zombie apocalypse or nuclear devastation, but when the end of the world came in the form of sexual shapeshifting aliens, there wasn't a single soul ready for it. 

The infections started slow, with word coming out that a new infection spread like the AIDS virus among nightclubs and bars. Soon people began disappearing, and it was declared a national pandemic. 

What we didn't know then is that the aliens had struck right where humans are weakest: our sexual needs. The aliens took the forms of the most beautiful women anyone could ever imagine, with long flowing hair and tits that could make anyone absolutely swoon. But, on top of it all, nothing was as seductive as their eyes.

One look into their eyes and anything you had been thinking about before absolutely vanished, replaced by nothing but a deep sexual need. Their eyes were all sorts of different colors mixed into one beautiful bowl of lust, and one look is all it took to be lost forever.

The aliens used sex to lure a person in, promising the greatest fuck of their entire lives. And oh did they deliver. Man or woman, they would fuck you until you were absolutely drooling with lust, and once a man came inside their depths, he would shrivel up and join the rest of the dead. For women, it was a different story.

Something in the alien's tactics allowed them to seduce women and instead turn them into one of their own. When an alien got to you, they didn't just fuck your brains out. They also stole your soul. When a woman surrenders to them, they begin the transformation of joining their kind, becoming just another one of the bombshell beauties that had enslaved everyone in their line of sight.

The pandemic grew to the point where the alien women simply roamed the streets like zombies, seducing and fucking their way through entire cities. The government fell, and with it nearly all forms of civilization. The United States had fallen to a sexual apocalypse, and there was absolutely nothing that could reverse it. 

As mankind fell, Erin Jones survived thanks to her wit and intelligence. When the sexual creatures tore through her city, she joined an underground resistance that fought back, building up an advantage over the monsters.

Their leader, Alex Martin, was as strong as he was smart. He organized the resistance himself, and helped to manage its growing number of members. He had seen promise in Erin, and allowed her to be in his leadership cabinet. 

Erin was a scavenger, meaning she spent much of her time on the surface searching for any supplies that could help the resistance. This job was reserved for only the strongest of the group, as they would have to go up directly against the aliens. While never having a lesbian thought in her life before the apocalypse, the aliens did still affect Erin, as their pheromones completely rewired their victim's brain. It had been hard to resist in the early days, and it truly never became easier. 

Erin just hoped that the resistance would soon have a cure for the virus. They had recruited some of the country's top scientists, who were hard at work in the base during all hours of the day. They claimed to be close to achieving a victory, and Erin was proud to bring back any supplies that would help them reach that goal.

For now, she just wanted to bring back enough food to keep the resistance going. This was their biggest problem, as the group had grown so big that it was getting hard to feed every single person. They had turned to rationing to solve the issue, which created animosity among everyone. 

Erin was determined to solve this, but as she made her way through the city one warm afternoon, she suddenly had to stop when she saw something strange up ahead.

Further down the road she saw what looked like a man standing on the top level of a billboard, clutching a gun in his hands. It took her a moment to process, but as she looked down she suddenly realized why he was hiding there.

At the base of the billboard stood five of the beautiful aliens, all looking up towards the man hiding just out of their reach. Per usual they were all wearing different versions of some of the skimpiest clothing imaginable, ranging from bikinis that highlighted their full cleavage, to silk stockings that accentuated their lush feminine curves. The sight of it never ceased to arouse Erin even after so much time had passed, and she felt the familiar burning in her loins.

The women were rubbing and caressing their bodies as they urged the man to come down and accept their carnal delights. Their voices were achingly beautiful, and would always echo in the minds of whoever was near. It made Erin want to lay down and listen for hours as they sang, holding her close.

"Come to us..."

"You want us, don't you baby?"

"Why don't you climb down from there and come have some fun...we won't bite..."

The scene reminded Erin of her first encounter with the aliens, only a mere six months ago. It constantly played through her head, reminding her of the time she almost lost herself to their lust.

******

Erin was a junior in college when the invasion began, and when the news began to report the strange infections, she was too busy studying to notice. She spent much of her time studying for her nursing exam, hoping it would open a door in her life to new experiences. 

Her roommate, Joanna, loved the nightlife, and eventually urged her to give up studying for one night to go out with her to Charlie's, their local nightclub. Erin had wanted to reject at first, remembering her failed attempts to find a date in the previous years, but Joanna eventually convinced her by inviting more of their friends. What harm could a night out with the girls possibly do? 

She spent over an hour in front of the mirror doing her makeup and trying to pick the best outfit to wear. Joanna simply watched from her bed, giving her advice and laughing each time she hesitated. Erin had met Joanna back in high school and the two decided to split the bill for an apartment near campus, bonding their friendship. While Erin didn't agree with Joanna's often wild lifestyle, she didn't mind compromising every so often, if only for the sake of friendship. 

The two of them met up with the other girls outside the club, greeting them and sharing their excitement for the night ahead. They had met Sadie, Ashley and Taylor in their college classes, and the five of them got to know each other while eating together at the dining hall each day. Ashley was a lot like Joanna in her wild lifestyle, while Sadie was more quiet and reserved. Taylor was the toughest of the group, and enjoyed a fit lifestyle that required her to spend hours at the gym each day. If anything, their differences only brought them closer together.

They flashed their lovely smiles at the bouncer, who let them in without hesitation. In fact, it seemed as if the bouncer's mind was clouded, his eyes never really locking onto one specific spot. He simply waved them in, pulling back the velvet rope for each guest.

Erin followed the other girls into the club, taking in her surroundings. To the left there was a dance floor with square tiles that changed colors every few seconds, corresponding to music played by a DJ nearby. In the center were a row of booths filled with people sitting and drinking while they talked with one another. To the right lay a full bar, with one bartender serving drinks to a line of people. 

One thing that seemed odd about the club was the immediate lack of men. There were a few guys scattered around, but the vast majority of patrons were female. Some of them were absolutely gorgeous, and Erin found herself feeling mentally pulled towards them. She kept her composure and followed her friends to an empty booth, where they sat down. 

"This place is great! Awesome recommendation, Jo," Ashley said, yelling over the loud music. 

"Thanks! I've come here a lot over the past few weeks," Joanna replied, smiling at her. Erin shifted uncomfortably as she noticed a woman staring at her from another booth. Another girl was next to the woman, leaning in close as she suckled on the pale, tender skin of her neck. 

"Hey Erin, want to get us some drinks?" Ashley asked, breaking her thought process. "You remember what we all like, right?" 

"Yeah, of course. Be right back," Erin replied, slipping out of the booth and heading for the bar. The line had dissipated, leaving nothing blocking her from the woman making the drinks. 

The girl behind the bar immediately caught her eye. She had long and curly red hair that framed around her angelic face, and she wore a slim top that accentuated her firm breasts. Erin almost found herself distracted by them, until the woman spoke and snapped her out of it.

"What can I get for you, gorgeous?" The woman asked, and Erin felt her cheeks flush. 

"Uh, can I get five gin and tonic's please?" Erin asked, which made the redhead smile.

"Of course love! Give me one second," she beamed, resting her hand on Erin's for only a second before getting to work. Why did it seem like the women in the club were so overly affectionate? Erin decided to distract herself by turning around and taking in her surroundings again.

The club seemed to get hotter as the women around her began to play with each other. Two girls out on the dance floor were visibly grinding against each other, and another girl moaned with pure pleasure as her mate's head gently bobbed under the table. There was an odd smell in the club that made Erin's mind spin, creating a damp spot in her pants. 

"Here you are, baby."

Erin turned to see the redhead beaming at her, holding out a tray of glasses filled with alcohol. Erin forced herself to smile back, barely able to lift her eyes up from the girl's ample cleavage.

"Don't be a stranger," the redhead practically moaned as Erin walked back towards her seat, the girl's sensual voice sending a shiver down her spine. Why was all of this affecting her? The thought of being with another woman had never even occurred to her before, but now it was all she could think about. 

Her friends all cheered when she set down the tray, grabbing a glass and beginning to drink. Erin felt too woozy to drink and instead sat down next to them, noticing the absence of a key member. 

"Where's Jo?" She asked. Sadie pointed out at the dancefloor. Erin turned to see Joanna wrapped in the arms of a beautiful woman, their lips locked tightly together as they danced. Her eyes widened, watching in shock as the two girls made out like former lovers. Joanna's eyes were shut tight as she enjoyed the other woman's company. 

"Since when does she like girls?!" Erin asked. Ashley laughed.

"You've got to live a little, Erin! That's what girls' night is all about," she said, draining her glass in one gulp. Sadie looked just as uncomfortable as Erin felt, and Taylor was too busy on her phone to notice. 

"I... I'm gonna use the bathroom real quick," Erin said, needing to get out of the foggy air that surrounded them. She climbed out of the booth and staggered to the doors in the back, her mind whirling and her eyes blurry. She finally reached the door and pushed it open, sighing with relief when she found it to be empty. She walked to the sink and began to splash water against her face, trying to wake herself up from these strange feelings. 

As she did, the door opened behind her and she watched as Joanna walked in, joining her in the adjacent sink and fixing her makeup.

"How do you like this place so far, honey? Isn't it great!" She asked as Erin's breathing finally went back to normal.

"It's uh...not really my style," Erin admitted, drying her face with a paper towel. Joanna giggled, applying a new layer of eyeliner.

"You've just gotta live a little, babe! Forget studying for a while and just let your mind wander!" 

As she said that, Erin suddenly realized how good her friend looked in the dress she was wearing. It was black and fit her form perfectly, showing off just enough leg to attract anyone looking from afar. Her pale flesh looked absolutely delectable as it contrasted against the black, and Erin had to shake her head to escape the odd thoughts.

"What you need is a new experience, something to open you up to the new lifestyle. Here, kiss me," Joanna said, turning to her friend. 

"Ew, no!" Erin said, backing away. Joanna smiled and followed her, a strange glint in her eyes. 

"Come on... you're so uptight, you need to just let things happen," she breathed, her lips glistening in the overhead lights. It was the first time Erin had looked at Joanna's lips in such a way, and she suddenly felt an urge to grab her and kiss her with more passion than Humphrey Bogart in Casablanca. Something about the way the light reflected off her sensual lips made her lick her own.

Her back finally hit the wall and Joanna closed in, grinning as she bridged the gap between them. She reached out and tenderly caressed Erin's cheek, her cool hands making Erin sigh with pure delight. 

"Just let...it...happen..." Joanna cooed, slowly leaning in for a wet kiss. Erin remembered how hot she had been watching her best friend make out with another girl on the dance floor, and a voice in her head suggested that she recreate it. 

Erin's body shook with pleasure as she gave in to the voice, slowly leaning in towards Joanna's glistening lips. The voice whispered that she was going to love it, and that she should give in to the prospects of a new life. The voice was so sensual and delicate that she couldn't help listening to it. 

She was just about to connect when the door to the bathroom slammed open and two girls walked in, arguing with each other about how drunk they were. The interruption helped Erin regain her senses and she pushed Joanna back, taking a deep breath as her mind cleared.

"Please don't try anything like that again," she said, turning and walking back out into the club. Joanna watched her go, shocked at the rejection she had faced. 

Erin's legs threatened to give out as she struggled to control her lust, barely making it back to the booth. When she got back only Taylor was there, still playing on her phone.

"Where are the others?" She asked, sitting back down. Taylor looked up from her phone and nodded over at one of the booths. Ashley's head could barely be seen as she furiously ate a girl out under a table, and Sadie was found cuddled up in the arms of a blonde woman, passionately making out as they squeezed each other's breasts.

"Even Sadie is gay?!" Erin asked in disbelief, unable to believe her eyes. Taylor shrugged, drinking from her glass. 

Erin's body was betraying her. Her mind told her that she shouldn't be feeling this way, but her body urged her to run back into that bathroom and give Joanna the kiss she deserved. She had been so close to giving in, and she wasn't sure she could trust herself not to. 

As she was looking around she suddenly felt warm breath on her right ear, followed by soft lips kissing her earlobe, sending a shiver down her spine. 

"Hey you, wanna dance?"

She turned and saw the redheaded bartender standing before her, smiling down at her with the most beautiful smile she had ever seen. She looked up into her eyes and found herself transfixed, lost in a rainbow of colors.

"Yes..." Erin said, her body betraying her. The bartender held out her hand and Erin took it, following her out onto the dance floor of colors that matched her eyes. 

The two began to dance separately at first, but after a few seconds the bartender moved in closer, wrapping her arms around Erin's neck. Erin sighed, holding onto the bartender's waist.

"I'm Lindsay, what's your name?" The bartender moaned, leaning into Erin's ear again.

"E...Erin..." Erin moaned, her body a rush of emotions. 

"You've got me so wet, Erin," Lindsay moaned, licking down her neck. Erin gasped, leaning her head back to expose more kissable flesh. 

She suddenly felt saliva coating her neck, and it was enough to somewhat snap her out of her trance. That coupled with the loss of direct eye contact made the clouds in her mind clear, and she pushed Lindsay away.

"Please...I'm not like that," Erin managed to say, wiping her neck with her sleeve. The saliva was dripping. 

"Oh honey, yes you are, you just haven't realized it yet," Lindsay replied, smiling. Erin looked at her to tell her otherwise but suddenly found herself gazing back into those eyes of wonder and lust. She froze, trying to remember what she was going to say. 

"Let me show you..." Lindsay cooed, wrapping her arms around Erin's neck and leaning in. This time Erin wasn't prepared, and she couldn't stop herself as their lips locked in a fury of passion.

Fireworks of pleasure went off in Erin's head as she submitted to Lindsay's wet lips. Something felt so right about the way their lips connected, and she wanted nothing more than to give herself to this wonderful creature of heaven. 

Erin moved her hands back to Lindsay's hips and slid down, softly grabbing her ass through her jeans. Lindsay moaned, wrestling Erin's tongue with her own. 

After a few seconds Lindsay pulled back, a string of saliva connecting their lips. She sucked it in and smiled, licking her lips. 

"Why don't we go somewhere more private?" She asked, grinning. Erin smiled back, wanting nothing more.

Suddenly, the connection between their eyes broke as a fist came from out of nowhere and knocked the lights out of Lindsay. Erin turned and saw Taylor standing there, a look of fear on her face. She grabbed Erin's hand and began to drag her towards the exit.

"Come on, we need to get out of here," she said, gripping Erin's hand hard. As her mind cleared she still felt the need to pull her hand away and run back, but her wits won out as she followed Taylor out into the night. When they were at a safe distance, she finally spoke up.

"Why'd you do that?" Erin asked, her entire body still tingling. Taylor took out her phone and held it up for her to see.

"Look what they just released. There's some weird virus spreading around the cities, especially in places like that. Any longer and we might have been infected," Taylor said, her face a mess of nerves. 

Erin took her phone and read through the briefing. It described an infectious virus that passed through sexual contact, and the CDC was working to try to understand it. According to the source, over 100,000 people were already infected. 

"What about Jo, Sadie and Ashley?" Erin asked, looking back at the club. 

They're already too far gone," Taylor said, watching as the door to the nightclub opened. The bouncer stepped out, looking around as if trying to find them.

"Come on!" Taylor urged, grabbing Erin's wrist and dragging her further down the road. The two took off, running home as they left their friends behind to join the creatures. 

Erin sighed, wishing she could just forget that day. The feel of the creature's lips on her own was something she'd never truly forget, no matter how many times she washed her mouth out with soap. 
