 Erin carried the man down through the subway tunnel she'd gone into so many times, carefully stepping down the non-moving escalator and going over towards the front door. As she approached the slit in the door slid open, revealing two blue eyes.

"State your business," a woman said, studying her.

"It's me, I've got injured here!" Erin said, struggling to hold the man up. The woman closed the slit and opened the door, stepping back as Erin carried the man inside. 

The main base of the resistance was carved into an abandoned subway line, set up like a virtual underground city. People were walking around carrying boxes of supplies, diners were filled with patrons coming to have lunch, and rows of trainees were firing weapons at targets. It was the perfect base, secure and away from the aliens above ground. 

Overlooking the base was an office with a balcony high up above one of the abandoned trains, used by Commander Alex Martin, the resistance leader. Hearing the commotion he stepped out onto the balcony, his black trench coat whipping behind him as he grabbed onto the railing and looked down. 

"Erin, what have you brought back?" He asked, his voice booming against the subway walls. 

"I found someone running from the monsters, Alex. He's hurt pretty badly," Erin called up to him, shifting the man's weight on her arms.

"You brought someone back? Is he infected?!" Alex asked, sounding more angry than concerned. 

"He would have been if I hadn't rescued him! We'll talk about it later, just send the nurse!" Erin said. Alex stared down at her for a moment, thinking, before turning and walking back into his office. A few moments later the door to the hospital opened and Dr. Jane Marston stood in the doorway, calling her over. Erin rushed to the door and followed her inside, laying the injured man down on one of the beds. 

"What happened?" Jane asked, rolling up the man's pant leg. 

"He was on a billboard trying to escape the monsters, and it came crashing down pretty hard. I thought he was dead when I first found him," Erin noted, watching as Jane tried to set the man's leg back into place. The man groaned painfully, stirring in his unconscious state.

"Well it's broken, that's for sure. He'll need to stay here for awhile, but I'll let you know when he wakes up," Jane said, preparing supplies to create a cast. Erin turned and looked at the man, proud of her efforts to rescue him.

"Great, thanks doc. Also...do you have that thing we talked about before?" She asked. Jane nodded, taking something out of a cabinet and slipping it into Erin's pocket.

"Take one every eight hours, and come see me when you run out. No exceptions," Jane said.

"Thank you, as always keep it between us," Erin replied. Jane ran her finger over her mouth in a zipping motion, promising to keep her secret. Erin smiled and walked back out into the station, mentally preparing herself to speak to Alex. When she entered his office he was already standing up behind his desk, his fists pressed into the wood as he watched her enter.

"Jane, you know we have a strict vetting process here..." he said, his tone lecturing.

"What was I supposed to do, boss, just let them take him? Anyone who's been able to resist the monsters this long has to be strong, and we need more soldiers out there," Erin argued, crossing her arms in defiance. 

"If we let everyone we find out there inside then there won't be any soldiers left to fight at all. If the monsters ever found this place, any hope of returning to the way things used to be is gone. We have to keep the people we already have safe, at all costs," Alex said, stepping out from behind his desk and pacing in front of her.

"Look, I get it. Just let this guy stay, it was a lot of risk bringing him back," Erin pleaded. Alex sighed.

"Fine, but it's your job to train him and get him into fighting shape," Alex said. 

"Of course! You won't even recognize him," Erin said proudly. 

"Well good...because I have someone new for you to teach. His name is Josh and he just recently finished his physical training, now I'd like you to show him the ropes of surviving outside," Alex said. Erin frowned.

"Seriously? I just got back!" She argued. Alex looked unimpressed.

"We all have to pull our weight here, you know that. Just watch over him, that's all I ask," he said, studying her reaction.

"Fine...tell him to meet me out front," Erin sighed.

"That's the spirit," Alex smiled.

---

"You ready for this?" Erin asked, driving through the back roads of the city. 

"You bet! I even jerked off before we left," Josh smiled, looking out the window. He was a 22 year old former student, and he reminded Erin a lot of Joanna. She wondered where her old friend was today, and if she had succumbed to the creatures like so many others. 

"Whatever works for you," Erin said, turning onto another street. The car was an old Jeep with metal plates welded on the sides and back to prevent the creatures from attracting those inside. It had worked so far, though most creatures preferred to hide and pop out rather than roam the streets like zombies. The creatures were strategic and smart, always knowing the perfect way to strike. Their words and voices were far more dangerous than their physical capabilities. 

Erin pulled into the parking lot of a restaurant on the outskirts of the city. It seemed deserted, making it the perfect place to find supplies.

"Okay look, this should be an easy run. The diner is short on food so we need canned goods and anything non-perishable. Think you can handle it?" Erin asked, turning to look at him.

"You're sending me in there by myself?" Josh asked, his voice nervous. 

"That's the final step to becoming a scavenger, and the rewards are damn good. Just keep your weapon handy and if I hear you discharge it I'll come running in," Erin promised. Josh smiled, taking out his pistol and nodding.

"I'll make you proud," he said, climbing out of the Jeep and closing the door. Erin watched as he slowly walked over to the entrance, aiming his gun all around the parking lot. She hoped that this one would atleast survive. So many of the promising new recruits failed so easily in the new world.

Josh hesitated for a moment, mentally preparing himself, before quickly opening the door and looking inside. The restaurant was completely empty, with tables and chairs overturned and food scattered all over the place, as if there had been a struggle before in that very room. 

He began by checking behind the counter, opening his backpack and grabbing a few cans of soda. He made sure to put one in the front pocket for himself, smiling deviously. 

He searched the main room but found nothing else that hadn't spoiled, letting out a disappointed sigh. 

"I can't disappoint Erin..." he whispered to himself, trying to build his mental fortitude. Returning with just a few cans of soda would mean that he'd be returned to training, and he couldn't let that happen. 

Suddenly, the sound of something hitting the floor drew his attention towards the back of the restaurant. He saw a swinging door marked "Kitchen" and smiled to himself, knowing that there would be stockpiles of rations inside. 

Forgetting his inhibitions he carried his backpack over to the door and pushed it open, walking inside. The room was pitch black, so he reached over and flipped on the switch. 

That's when he saw her. As the room illuminated with light he found himself standing in a large kitchen area, with rows of cabinets lining the walls. In the back there was a shelf filled with exactly what he needed, canned food and jugs of water. But that wasn't what caught his attention.

Leaning up against the shelf was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, dressed only in a pair of pink panties and a red button up top. The top was completely unbuttoned, displaying her large and firm breasts for all to see. In her hand was a can of whipped cream, and as the lights flickered on she began to spray it all over her chest, covering her chest in delicious whipped topping. 

His eyes focused on her index finger as she dipped it into the cream and brought it up to her luscious lips, softly sucking it clean. Her magically beautiful eyes sparkled as her mouth curled into a smile, giving him a wink. He could feel his pants tenting, not an entirely uncomfortable feeling. 

"Hi there...is somebody lost?" She asked, studying him from afar. Something in his mind told him that he needed to run, but instead he found himself nodding, taking in the full view of her perfect figure. 

"Poor baby, you must be so hungry...why don't you come have something to eat?" She offered, running her fingers through the whipped cream again. Her breasts jiggled pleasingly, drawing him in. 

He was about to move when his backpack slipped from his fingers, hitting the floor with a loud pop as the soda cans fizzed out. The distraction was enough to shake him from his reverie and he raised his pistol, aiming it at her.

"Enough, just let me get what I need and I'll let you live," Josh growled, his aim steady at her head. 

"Oh but honey, what you need is me," the woman cooed, running her hands through her long curly blonde hair and letting it drop down onto her chest. His cock strained painfully against his pants but he refused to give in, knowing the risks. 

"Stop! Just fuck off!" Josh yelled, shaking his head and closing his eyes. His senses we're back in reality, and he was ready to fire his gun when he suddenly felt soft hands wrapping around his neck from behind him. He felt the curve of a woman's body press against his back and the smell of roses filled his nose. 

"Careful where you point that thing, baby, it might go off," the woman behind him moaned, reaching down and grabbing his erection through his jeans. His eyes bugged out and he nearly swooned back against her, feeling her soft hands rub against him. The other woman began spraying more whipped cream on her chest, sending it dripping down her toned stomach alluringly. 

"She has something for you, why don't you look..." the woman behind him sang in his ear, kissing his ear lobe softly. He wanted to disobey, but there was something so alluring about the feeling of her body as it pressed against him. He looked back over at the first girl and saw that she was holding out her hand, beckoning to him with her finger and winking. 

The girl behind Josh have him a slight push, and that was all the motivation he needed to begin walking towards the girl of his dreams, towards love, towards paradise. She could give him everything he'd ever wanted, that was clear from the shimmering of her wonderful eyes. It was like staring into a rainbow while standing in a field of the most beautiful flowers in the world. 

When he reached her she held out her arms and he leaned into them, letting her hold him close and push his head down into her cleavage. He began to lick the cream, rubbing his stubble against her soft breasts. She played with his hair, watching as the other girl walked over to join them. The two creatures came together and began to kiss while Josh licked fervently between them, pressed between two of the hottest women he'd ever seen. It was heaven, and he never wanted it to end. 

--

Erin sighed, leaning back in her seat as she checked her watch. He'd been inside for only 10 minutes, but that was all it took for the creatures to lure someone in. 

As she thought about it, something suddenly caught her eye. A woman was walking down the road ahead of the Jeep, completely naked. No, not a woman, a creature, Erin reminded herself. But no matter how hard she tried to remember that the two were different things entirely, she couldn't take her eyes off the sway of her... it's hips. 

The curves of her body were perfection, and the woman looked like she was practically strutting across the sidewalk. Wait, creature, not woman...who even cared anyway? They were the same thing nowadays.

There was no harm in looking, as long as you don't touch. Right? They couldn't turn you if you weren't near them. Erin nodded to herself, eyes glued to the woman's ass. 

If there was no harm in looking, then there was no harm in touching yourself. Maybe it would shake off the horniness, Erin thought to herself. Yes, that seemed right. 

She moved her hand down into her pants and stuck two fingers into her pussy, beginning to fuck herself as her eyes were glued to the perfect specimen walking ahead of her. There was something so sexy about the danger of them, and the promise of eternal bliss. 

Erin lay her head back against the seat, biting her lip to keep from moaning as she worked feverishly to get herself off, all thoughts of Josh and the mission gone. 

---

"How about a kiss, my love," the first girl moaned, cupping Josh's face and lifting his head up out of her cleavage. His cheeks were covered in whipped cream, and he felt like he'd finally found heaven. Her luscious, plump lips were too much to turn down, and he leaned in very willingly.

She pressed her soft lips against his and he couldn't stop himself from moaning out loud. She forced her tongue into his mouth and he could feel her saliva covering his lips, just as the creatures always did. It calmed him and he closed his eyes, falling in love with her kiss.

She gently lay down on one of the counters, pulling him down with her. Their lips remained locked as he mounted her, losing himself to his lust. The other girl popped the button on his jeans, pulling them down from him. He mentally thanked her, happy that she was helping him.

His cock sprang free into the open air as the girl pulled down his boxers, freeing him. He pressed himself against the first girl's body, his cock against her stomach as he began to hump her. She moaned and pulled away from his lips, the strings of saliva keeping their faces close.

"Fuck me, my love...achieve your destiny," she smiled that beautiful smile, caressing his cheek lovingly. She didn't have to ask him twice.

He pushed his cock up into her, slipping in so easily. She was tight in all the right places, and it was absolute heaven on his cock. It was better than anything he had ever felt in his entire life, and he wanted it forever.

The girl grabbed onto his hips, beginning to thrust with him. He began to fuck the creature with reckless abandon, driving into her as their bodies formed perfectly synchronized movement. He buried his face in her cleavage again, longing for their jiggling softness.

"So good baby...your soul is going to taste soooo good," the girl under him moaned, thrusting against him. 

Josh's eyes widened as he suddenly realized what was happening. He wasn't going to be with this woman forever, he was going to die if he continued to fuck her. 

But it felt so good. It was what he had always dreamed of for as long as he could remember. She was the perfect woman in every way, and he felt real genuine love for her.

"Give in...release your soul," the other girl moaned, leaning against him and kissing along his jawline. His body flushed with panic, trying to find a way out. 

He suddenly noticed his gun lying nearby on the counter. If he could reach it, he could call on Erin for help. 

He lunged and reached for it, his fingers just barely grabbing the handle. The woman behind him tried to pull him back but he had already grabbed it, pulling it back and locking his finger into the trigger. He couldn't move his arm to aim it down so he just fired, the shot hitting the ceiling above them.

---

Fuck she was so hot, strutting across the sidewalk like that. Erin moaned out loud, using three fingers as she focused on the sway of the gorgeous creature outside. Her mind was crumbling, and she could do nothing to stop it.

Suddenly, a gunshot rang out from inside the restaurant. It snapped Erin out it and she quickly pulled her hand out, grabbing her gun and getting out of the Jeep. She stumbled as her legs gave way, numb with lust.

After a few seconds she was ready, charging into the diner with her gun ready. She stopped short when she heard the sounds of moaning coming from inside the kitchen.

--

He tried to fire another shot, but the woman behind him took hold of his head and turned it to look down at the first girl. She was rubbing her finger along her plump lips, still thrusting into him as she attracted his attention. 

The gun slipped from his hand as he leaned in for another kiss, giving himself to his lust once again. He thrusted into her like an animal, his body screaming for sweet release. 

"I love you..." he moaned, his cock beginning to vibrate with need.

"You're mine, forever..." the girl cooed, gazing into his eyes and keeping his gaze locked on her. He couldn't stop it now, he needed to cum. He needed to seal his fate with his true angel. 

--

Erin watched in horror as Josh unleashed his load into the creature, putting her hand over her mouth as his body suddenly began to give out. He turned red, then black, and soon his body has shrunk to nothing but ash on the counter. He gave her everything he had, even his soul. 

From the moment his cock was inside her he was gone, let alone after fucking her for minutes. There was nothing she could've done, even if she wanted to risk her own life for him. He was just like all the other trainees, too horny to survive. 

She turned to walk back towards the Jeep, stepping outside when she suddenly had to stop and gasp. The woman she had been selfishly getting off too was sitting atop the Jeep's hood, curling her hair in her fingers and smiling. Erin's breath caught in her throat as she gazed at the image of true perfection.

"I saw what you were doing, naughty girl..." the woman smiled, tilting her head slightly. Erin couldn't bring herself to respond, feeling drool coming from the side of her mouth.

"Mmmm I could smell you too," the woman giggled, climbing off the hood and sauntering towards her. Erin was frozen on the spot as the image of her masturbation walked towards her, willing to give her everything. Her mind was numbed by both the view before her and the sweet smell of roses, filling the area around her.

"Be a good girl, and let me take care of you..." the girl grinned, wrapping her arms around Erin's neck. Erin sighed with need as the creature before her puckered her sensuous lips, leaning in and tilting her head slightly.

The sound of a gunshot filled the parking lot and the woman froze, looking down at the bullet hole in her stomach before falling to the ground, twitching until she ceased to live. Erin holstered her pistol and wiped sweat from her forehead as she walked towards the Jeep, feeling the lust melt away like smoke in her body.

She'd almost been captured, again. Atleast Alex didn't need to know. All she had to do now was explain to Alex how she'd lost another recruit, which was becoming just another part of her everyday life.