 "State your business..."

The door to the headquarters burst open as Erin shoved through it, knocking the woman standing behind it to the ground. 

"Dammit Erin, you could've warned me first!" The woman growled, clutching her bleeding nose. 

"Not in the mood, Gina," Erin replied under her breath, huffing slightly. Alex stood up on his balcony watching her with his arms crossed, his tall, built stature creating a shadow that panned across the dank grey walls of the subway tunnel. 

She noticed him watching and looked up at him, shaking her head slowly. He understood her message, turning and walking back into his office. 

Erin sighed, heading over to the hospital. As she entered she immediately noticed that all the beds were empty, including the one she'd left the man from yesterday in. She felt her heart sink as Jane walked in, bracing herself for the bad news.

"So he was infected after all, huh?" Erin asked, turning to face Jane. 

"What? Oh, no he's fine. He's up and walking so I let him take a shower," Jane replied, gesturing at the bathroom door behind her. 

"Do you think he'll be ready for a mission anytime soon?" Erin asked, knowing Alex would be sending her out again soon.

"His leg isn't as bad as I originally thought, but he's still not in the best of shape. He's a tough one, though, I wouldn't count him out," Jane replied. 

The bathroom door opened and Erin turned to see the man walk out, hot steam wafting into the room. He wore nothing but a towel wrapped lazily around his waist, and the sight of him stirred something in Erin. For the past few months she'd only seen naked women roaming the streets, something that would turn anyone at least bisexual. 

"Hi...are you the one who saved me?" The man asked, studying Erin. She forced herself to look up from his chest, up into his deep blue eyes. 

"Yes, I'm Erin," she said, holding out her hand for him to shake. He took it proudly, smiling at her.

"I'm Joe, well Joseph to my family, but everyone else just calls me Joe," he laughed. Erin saw Jane blushing beside her. 

"I'm Erin, it's good to finally meet you in a safer place," Erin joked, watching him go serious as he recalled his experience before. 

"Yeah, almost got pinched back there...damn things will do anything to feed. Thanks for saving me, if not for you I'd have been a goner," he replied. 

"Don't mention it," Erin smiled. She suddenly remembered her job and returned to her serious demeanor, straightening herself. There was still some of that excitable 22 year old college youth in her, reminding her of the way things were before. She couldn't let herself think back that far. All that mattered was here and now, and now she was standing in front of an incredibly buff...

She squeezed her palm with her fingernails, bringing her mind back to reality. Joe watched her curiously before turning back to Jane. 

"Do you still have my clothes?" He asked. Jane snapped out of her reverie, turning and opening one of the cabinets. It seemed she too was affected by his proximity. 

"Here you are, same as they were when you arrived. I took some time to sew up a few holes though!" Jane beamed, handing him a neatly folded pile. 

"Thank you kindly," he smiled back, taking them and retreating back into the bathroom. As the door closed Jane looked at Erin and fanned her chest with her hand, swooning. 

"He's a real charmer! You must be excited to have him as your new partner," she said, almost envious. 

"You really think Alex will partner me up with him?" Erin asked, the thought not even occurring to her.

"You never know, it's not like we have many other men left," Jane sighed. She was right. With Josh now gone there weren't too many men still in training. The call of the creatures was just too much for them to stand It made Erin wonder how Joe had survived for so long. 

The bathroom door opened again and Joe stepped out, now fully clothed in a pair of blue jeans and a white T-shirt with a green jacket pulled over it.

"Well, Erin, I'd like it very much if you could give me a tour of the the place. Thank you, Jane, for your hospitality," he said, turning to the blushing nurse.

"Anytime! Really, come back anytime you'd like," she said with a wink. 

"Follow me," Erin said, leading him out of the hospital as quickly as possible. As he caught up with her she realized how much taller he was than her. He seemed to have nearly have a foot on her. She'd never considered herself short, so maybe he was just abnormally tall. 

"Sorry about her, she can be a little... handsy with the patient's," Erin said, looking back to see Jane standing in the doorway watching them leave.

"You're telling me...she was real pushy about getting in the shower with me at one point," Joe laughed.

"Yep, that's our Jane," Erin said, hoping the young nurse's libido wouldn't become too much for her to take. Especially with the constant call of pleasure right outside their doors. That was something that affected everyone. 

Erin led Joe to the restaurant first, a rectangular shaped building near the hospital that had been a diner before the invasion. The inside had been cleared out to fix boxes of rations, and tables with chairs had been set up outside for citizens to sit at. 

"This is our restaurant of sorts, where you can come grab something to eat. Hope you like Sardines and canned ravioli, because that's basically all we've got," Erin said, watching a 'waitress' come out of the building carrying a tray of sardine cans. 

"You guys really appreciate formality, huh?" Joe asked. 

"Alex insists on it, he likes everything to be as close to it was before as possible," Erin replied, watching the woman deliver her tray to a table where a family was waiting. Their daughter, who looked to be around three, gagged as she smelled the food set down before them. 

"I'm guessing you'd do things differently if you were leader, huh?" Joe asked as they started walking again. 

"You bet. He likes to make this place like a city, but what we really need is a secure base. Hell, we need a fort. This entire place should be filled with guns, and we should be prepping these people for the hard life they have ahead of them. Pretending there aren't god damn aliens outside at all hours of the day isn't going to help anyone," Erin replied, taking a glance up at the balcony to ensure Alex wasn't eavesdropping. 

"Yeah, I know what you mean, but it's kind of nice to be around people acting normal again. Everyone I've met out there is all 'survival of the fittest'; it's rare to be in a place that feels genuinely safe," Joe noted.

"Yeah, I guess that's one way of looking at it...so you've been all around out there?" She asked. 

"Pretty much. I've traveled all across the state, trying to avoid those things. I was originally with my wife, but..."

Erin looked over at him, watching as he turned his gaze down to his boots. His face grew serious.

"The bastards got to her, ripped her right from my hands. I didn't see them change her, they just...dragged her down an alleyway. I barely managed to get away, but I swore to myself that I'd find her. That's what's been keeping me going all this time," Joe admitted. 

"I'm...wow, that must have been awful. You must be pretty brave to keep going after all of that. My story isn't like that at all," Erin scoffed, thinking back to her college dorm. 

"We all have a story, Erin. A reason for living through all of this insanity. You just have to find it," he said, giving her a smile. She found comfort in it, his eyes easy to fall into. 

When they arrived at the front doorway they found Gina in her usual position, her nose now bandaged.

"This is our exit to the outside world, guarded securely by the lovely Gina," Erin said, faking a smile and trying to save face. Gina held up her middle finger, turning back to watch the door. 

"Impressive setup here, I must say. As long as it works," Joe said, admiring the former toll gate. 

"It has so far, knock on wood," Erin said, before realizing there wasn't any wood in a subway station. The two were interrupted by Alex's resounding voice, calling down from his balcony. 

"Erin, come on up here with your new friend. I'd love to meet him," he called. Erin sighed.

"Sure thing," she called back, leading Joe over to the ticket office. She stopped before opening the door, turning to look back at Joe.

"Just be honest with him and you'll be fine, he's not as mean as he looks," she warned.

"I think I can handle him," Joe laughed. Erin sighed and opened the door, leading him up the tall stairwell and into Alex's office. Their fearless leader was assuming his normal power stance, facing away from them with his hands coupled behind his back as if the wall before him was a fine piece of art. 

"Ahem," Erin grumbled, getting his attention. Alex spun around, pretending not to notice them.

"Oh, I didn't hear you come up! Erin, you can wait outside. I'd like to speak to your friend alone," he said. 

"Seriously? You've never done that before..." Erin protested. Alex held up his hand, silencing her.

"I am now. Please, leave us."

Erin rolled her eyes and left the room, waiting behind the closed doors. As she heard their voices get louder she worried that the two were fighting, but when the doors opened a few minutes later they were laughing like old college buddies.

"Oh Joe you are a delight! I knew I made the fight call taking you in, you have the potential to be one of our greatest soldiers!" Alex said, his arm around Joe's shoulder.

"Thank you sir, I won't let you down," Joe nodded, shrugging his hand away. 

"Well he's all yours now! Why don't you take him to the warehouse downtown, that'll be a good first job for him," Alex announced, stepping back into his office. 

"The warehouse? Alex, you know that place is infested," Erin begged, recalling her previous missions there.

"The creatures should have migrated away from it now. You know how badly we need the food there. Move it, now," Alex ordered, his tone serious. He then turned to Joe and beamed. "Show her how a real scavenger does it!"

"You got it," Joe said, nodding. Erin frowned at him as Alex shut his office door, sealing their mission. 

"Well, what did I tell you? Typical asshole," Erin said as they began to walk back down the stairs.

"Eh, I've seen worse. I can see why you hate him though, he must really intimidate you," Joe joked. Erin punched him in the shoulder, making him recoil in pain.

"Okay, okay, I was kidding!" He cried. Erin laughed.

"I know. Now follow me."

*****

The warehouse was only a few blocks away from the headquarters, and when the two reached it they took refuge behind a boxcar outside.

"Okay, just stick close to me and we'll get in and out of this place. They used to store food here for the local festivals, so hopefully no one's looted it yet," Erin noted, looking over each possible entrance. 

"I'm with you, just call out if you see anything. I know where to aim," Joe said, pumping his shotgun for effect. Erin rolled her eyes, hoping he wouldn't turn out to be another Josh. 

"Ready...now!" She whispered, slowly creeping out from behind the boxcar. Joe followed closely behind, watching their six with sharp eyes. Erin took out her pistol as they reached the door, taking a deep breath before pulling it open. 

The warehouse was dimly lit, filled with more boxcars than on the outside. It seemed oddly empty, but her main target, the crates of food, were stacked neatly in the center of the floor. 

"Target sighted," she whispered, taking a mental note of them.

"Looks a bit odd, the way they're perfectly waiting like that," Joe noted, looking in over her shoulder.

"Right...watch our back, I'm gonna go for it," Erin said. Joe nodded, gripping his shotgun in anticipation. 

Erin entered the warehouse, watching all corners with her pistol aimed at each one as she slowly crept towards the center. Joe followed behind, lagging back a bit to cover her. As she reached the crates she closed in one the first one, pulling the lid off to inspect its contents.

A sudden pulse of pink dust shot out from the crate, hitting her square in the face. Her pistol clattered to the ground as she recoiled, trying to wipe it off her face.

"Erin? Erin what happened?" Joe called, watching her.

"It's...a...fucking ambush!" Erin cried, feeling the dust clump to her face like makeup. She suddenly felt her chest beginning to tighten, her heart dropping and filling up with pleasure at the same time. It was as if someone was shooting her with a beam of pure lust, and she could feel it traveling up and down her body. 

"Looks like someone was trying to take something that isn't hers..." a sultry voice called out from afar. Joe aimed his shotgun at the upper floor, trembling slightly.

"Who the fuck are you! Show yourself!" He yelled, not noticing as Erin ceased her struggling. 

"Oh it's not just me, my dear. There are many here who wish to end your pain..." the voice called, echoing across the steel walls of the warehouse. 

"Stop playing fucking games! Come out and fight!" Joe yelled, ready to shoot anything that moved.

"Boo," the voice said, suddenly very close to him. He felt a slim finger press into his back and he spun around, aiming his shotgun and preparing to fire. What he saw made him stop in his tracks. 

Four incredibly beautiful and seductive women stood before him, beaming at him with angelic smiles. Each had different color skin, from a pale white to a dark, devilish red. They all had long flowing hair that traveled down past their shoulders, and long legs that went on for miles. 

"Fuck..." Joe muttered, beginning to back away from them. He bumped into Erin, suddenly noticing how silent she was.

"Erin, come on, help me here!" He said, turning to look at her. Her eyes were glazed over and she was staring at the four ample women, licking her lips slowly. She was completely and utterly under their spell.

"Christ..." he muttered, the seriousness of their trouble dawning on him. As he tried to understand the situation he felt smooth arms wrap around his waist, pulling him against a pair of plush breasts.

"There's no escape this time," one of the women moaned, leaning in to kiss his ear.

Joe reacted quickly, slamming the butt of his shotgun back into her face. It her her nose, sending her falling backwards. He took the opportunity to turn and run towards one of the warehouse's rooms, slamming the door shut behind him.

He turned the door's lock and leaned against it, trying to shake the tingling that traveled across his body from the creature's soft touch. He was breathing heavily, his chest violently heaving.

"Fuck...I can't leave her alone out there..." he breathed, recalling how dazed she'd looked. Whatever was in that trap, it had completely taken over her mind. As he tried to calm himself down he turned around to figure out where he was. That's when he saw it.

A large queen bed was setup in the center of the room, made of light brown wood that separated it from the dark walls. On the bed were two women, both of whom looked a lot like the women outside. Something about them was different, however. 

One was blonde with much larger breasts than the others, while the other was a brunette with startlingly plump lips. The two of them were caressing each other with feathers, running them along their most sensitive areas. Their intimate clothing choice showed off the perfect amount of skin to touch, clad in lace lingerie. 

"Hello there...why don't you join us?" The blonde smiled, as the brunette ran a feather over her large breasts. Joe gulped nervously. 

***

Back outside Erin was surrounded by the wonderful creatures who had captured her, now toying with their newest captive. The four women had surrounded her on all sides, softly caressing her body and tearing off her clothes. She couldn't help but giggle, loving every moment of it. 

Something about the dust had completely wiped her mind clean of all her silly worries. Now all that mattered were the beautiful women who loved her and made her feel wanted. Made her feel attractive. 

"That's it...lose yourself in lust..." one of the succubi moaned, licking around her ear. She could feel a wet stickiness coating her ear and she leaned in closer, wanting more.

"Lose myself...in lust..." Erin repeated, her eyes rolling into the back of her head as one of the women found her sensitive spot, running her hand along Erin's crotch.

"You're all ours now...we can make you feel beautiful again..." the woman at her ear moaned, feeding her what she'd always wanted to hear. At least, she thought it's what she'd always wanted to hear. Why wouldn't it be? Who wouldn't want to give themselves into the powers of pure lust?

"Beautiful?" Erin moaned, the word seeming to latch onto her mind and repeat.

"Yes...you can be just like us," the green skinned woman directly in front of her smiled, pulling off her top and freeing her bouncing breasts. Erin was jealous of them, wishing she had a pair as beautiful. Beautiful. That word remained trapped in her dazed mind.

"Everyone will want you," the red skinned succubi purred, gently pulling down Erin's pants and revealing her panties. 

"Want...me..." Erin smiled, imagining men and women alike throwing themselves at her. The pheromones surrounding her made it easy for her to picture it in her mind, seeing herself in an entirely new light. 

"All of this could be yours, honey...you just need to give us what we want!" the woman at her ear cooed, rolling her tongue at the end. Erin moaned, leaning into her touch again. 

"What? I'll do anything!" Erin moaned, her eyes shimmering all sorts of different colors. The green skinned woman came up in front and took Erin's face in her hands, smiling down at their captive.

"You need to cum for us," the succubus smiled, before leaning in and locking lips with the scavenger. 

***

Joe's body began to tingle pleasantly as he watched the two women caress each other. Every so often they would look over at him, smiling before looking back at each other. They truly looked like they were in love with each other, and while everything in Joe's mind told him he should run, something kept his boots rooted to the spot. 

As the blonde ran the feather over the brunette's soft lips he nearly lost it, barely able to stop himself from rubbing his crotch through his jeans. A pink haze had surrounded the room, clouding his mind just like his partner. 

The brunette finally locked eyes with him, and that was it. He was lost in her world. Her magical love. She cocked her head to the side and he did the same, resulting in a sweet giggle from her.

"Come join us," she smiled, beckoning him with her finger. He began to walk towards the bed, his shotgun dragging behind him with his finger barely holding on to it. The blonde struck a pose, holding her breasts out for him, and he couldn't resist crawling onto the bed and moving towards them. 

She reached out and he crawled into her arms, allowing her to pull his face into her wonderful, ample assets.

The feeling of her breasts against his face was pure heaven and he lost himself to them, taking hold of one as he began to kiss them softly. The blonde giggled, running her hands through his hair as the brunette began to kiss his neck. 

"Such a good boy..." the blonde smiled, grabbing his shoulders and forcing him back. He tried to fight her to go back to her breasts but she held him back with that sweet smile, gently laying him back onto the pile of pillows behind them. He looked up at them from his new resting place, literally and figuratively, as they began to strip him of his clothes. 

"I bet this horny boy wants a kiss, doesn't he?" The brunette asked, her oddly plush lips pouting at him. Joe nodded furiously, but something in his mind began to kick in and fight against it. Wasn't there a rule against kissing them? Wait, but who was them? He was just alone in a room with two beautiful women who wanted to love him with everything they had. Why not kiss her?
