 ok so I lied...I did not finish the other series yet. I'm working on it. It just so happens I have three characters nagging the hell out of me right now so I figured I'd appease them while I figure out what's going on with the others. Be warned. This is a very long chapter and there's only sex at the end...it's just how it worked that way. Enjoy! 

----------

Kaiden stared; filled with exasperated bewilderment. Sitting at the center of HIS ship's cargo, was his baby brother Jace wearing the very same school uniform he had seen him off in just weeks before. Both pairs of crimson eyes met, ones with amusement, the others with pissed off aggravation. It didn't take a genius to figure out which was which. 

"You want to tell me why you are here instead of back at uncle Hawk's school Jace?" Kaiden said with an angry twitch at his lips. The 34 year old man had no patience for foolish teenagers. 

Jace looked over at his eldest brother with nothing less then hero worship. His brother was a tall man; not that he was short either, with their fathers jet black hair and "sunny deposition". Aside from the Vestari crimson eyes and the Katsuri tails, the two brothers didn't look much alike. Where his brother was dark with "sharp" edges, Jace was much "softer" in experiences. His own hair was a shoulder length dark brown, and his physical form was much thinner then Kaiden's. He was after all, only 19.

"That's no way to treat blood, brother." He said with a grin.

"Jace...I will repeat myself, WHY are you here?" Kaiden asked.

"I never thought of myself as the book type." Jace said.

Kaiden ran a hand through his short hair and face. "Do you know what mother will do to me if she finds out you snuck aboard my ship instead of going back to school? God, never mind mother, the old man will kill me!" He threw his hands up into the air and paced in circles on the deck. His own small crew had been standing behind their captain, forcing themselves not to laugh. The youngest brother was EXACTALLY like the eldest.

"Oh come on Kai, it's not like they can do anything from where they are. Their to busy with Emma's, Henna's, and Arul's kid's now. Our sister's and brother have done well to occupy their time." Jace grinned. Their family has become a small army, apparently bent on single-handedly restoring the Vestari clan themselves. It was overwhelming just having a family dinner. Not that either brother didn't enjoy it.

"Oh yeah, that's what you'd like me to think. What do you think, I was born yesterday?" He glared at the boy. 

"Well what are you going to do? Take me back? We're thousands of miles away from the school and even further away from home. Are you going to turn back around and forsake a new job?" Jace asked, knowing full well what the answer would be. Kaiden was much like their father when he was younger. He took on odd and impossible jobs, just like Aiden had, for clients from all around. Even the foreign lands in which Jace had only recently learned of on the other side of the sea.

"Fuck...Damn it all to hell! Fine, but your working your ass off, you hear me? I am going to make you wish you never set foot outside the academy." Kaiden glared. Jace grinned in triumph and jumped to his feet. 

"Well don't just stand there! Get on the ship you lily-livers! We've got a job to do!" Kaiden yelled out and the other men ran on board, each with a job and purpose. An elderly man with a graying bearded and sparkling blue eyes held out a hand for their newest member. 

"Welcome aboard me boy." He said with a grin. "Me name's Hamish, I be yer brother's first mate. Been with the Cap'n since he been about yer age." 

"Ham I need those coordinates!" Kaiden yelled.

"Oh, best be off then me boy, Cap'ns all cranky now. Hamish winked and went over to the helm.

"Jace, go to the kitchen's. You want on board so badly, your going to work for it. Tell Nate, you're his new kitchen boy!"

"Wait. A kitchen..." Before Jace could say anything Kaiden through his hand up and pointed to the kitchens with an angry glare. Sighing, he turned and walked to the kitchen.

Inside the kitchen, a young man in his mid-twenty's smoked a cigarette while chopping vegetables. The man was the same height as Jace, with a long white scar running across his otherwise handsome face. His unkempt brown hair was held back with a white bandana. 

"Um...are you Nate?"

"Do you see anyone else in this kitchen?" The man asked with a slightly raspy voice. His eyes looked up at Jace. One eye was brown, the other a hazel green. "I take it you're from the Cap'ns family then?"

"Uhhh yeah...I'm Jace. I was told to come here." He said while holding out his hand. Nate didn't bother shaking it." Their's a barrel of potato's back there. Start peeling." Nate went back to chopping. Sighing, he rolled up his sleeves and went to work.

-----------

After several months of peeling potatoes and chopping onions for a very unsociable cook he was ready to snap. Why the hell couldn't the man keep a conversation going? He was grumbling to himself while leaning on the wooden railing. The moon was full and the sea water was calm.

"If you start complaining, I'll ditch you at the nearest port and send you back home." Kaiden said next to him. 

"Then what will I say to mother when I failed to see you married." 

Kaiden nearly chocked on his own breath. "What the hell did you say? Oh god...don't tell me she sent you out here her self?"

"How else do you think I got her to agree? Do you really think I would have survived once she found out I ran away from school herself? The only promise I could make to get her to agree was seeing that you were making grandkids like the rest of them."

"...I should have just thrown you into the dungeon." He stated.

"Oh come on, you've been out at sea since you were my age. Are you saying you haven't met anyone out here?"

"Maybe I just like getting laid."

"Well I swore I wouldn't go home till I saw you in a suit so it looks like your stuck with me forever with that attitude." Jace grinned.

"Well this is going to be a really fun job..." Kaiden said sarcastically.

"What's the job anyways?"

"We were hired to investigate some unusual events occurring in a kingdom to the west. Some Human King has found himself in a pickle."

"A King? Do you get jobs from royalty often?" He asked his brother.

"Hell no! and I like it that way. This particular job interested me because an old friend is involved."

Before Kaiden could go further Hamish shouted.

"Cap'n it's the Burnin Reaper!" Hamish shouted and pointed to the other side of the ship. Emerging from the sea's fog, an angry pirate ship burst into sight, from it's mast blew a flag with a burning skull and scythe.

"Oh damn it not again! Wake everyone up Ham, we don't have time to play right now!" He called back as he ran to take the helm.

"Wait, what?" Hamish didn't stop but ran to the crew's cabin.

"The Captain's woman finally caught up to him. " Nate said from beside Jace.

"Oh crap!" Jace jumped up from surprise.

Nate just looked at him with a bored expression and continued. "Back when the Captain first attained this ship he ran into a particular Lady pirate. Being the fool that he was, he decided to pursue her. Something went wrong and she's been after his head ever since." Nate lit a cigarette and took position at a cannon. When the moment came, he would use it like a master. Jace pulled a whip he had found in storage and tied it around his waist. He didn't know how to fight from a distance by ship but he knew how to handle himself if they boarded.

----------

Behind the helm of the ship Kaiden used all of his navigating skills to put more wind in the sails and get them out of the Reaper's sight. Every time he saw that ship his mind would wander back. What he wouldn't give to have had enough time to fix things with that woman.

10 years ago in the port town of Karees... 

It had been only two months since he became captain of the "Crossline" and he was just barely managing to get the hang of things. His new crew were all old friends of his, and aside from finding someone to handle that brat Nate in the kitchen's he didn't really have any complaints. 

He sat at an old shit-hole of a bar waiting for a client when SHE walked in. Even during all of his traveling he had never seen anyone like her before. She was a tall woman, with a slender figure and a very nice behind. Her very-long hair was as crimson as his eyes. A blue bandanna covered her head. She looked in his direction and he blinked. Warm chocolate eyes. He felt his mixed blood begin to boil inside of himself. He needed to know this woman immediately.

He was about to get up when the red head swiftly pulled out a blade and held it up to another man's thought. He had not noticed earlier, but behind the woman, two very nasty looking men were ginning. Oh fuck...she was a pirate.

"I have had enough of your games, Glesh. Hand it over." She spit at the grungy man at the tip of her blade.

"Come on Lacreshia! It was just business!" the man appeared to be pleading but Kaiden caught several unfriendly sorts ready to move. 

"Is that so? Well then this is business as well Glesh. I haven't been a captain of blood-thirsty bastards for nothing after all." 

"That's to bad Lacreshia...It seems I'll miss doing business with you." With that the cretin gave a signal and the three of them where surrounded. "Kill the bitch!"

Kaiden stepped in just as one of them passed him and knocked him out. 

"It's rude to attack a Lady." 

"Who the devil are ye?" one of the "Lacreshia's" men asked while fighting back with a blade.

"Someone in need of a good brawl." He winked at the red head and got them out of the tavern. The Lady Pirate's blade was now soaked with the blood of the traitorous merchant. 

"I do not know who you are, but you better leave now before I decide I don't like you." She glared.

"Oh that hurts. Especially because I am definitely interested in you." He winked at her again. Just as he was about to continue, he noticed a much larger group of navy men after them. "it looks like I'm not the only one interested in you madam. Unfortunately, I am to new to the Captain's world to want to get involved with them just yet. We'll have to trade names next time we meet." He gave another wink an split from the others, using his mastery of balance to move onto the rooftops of the old cobble streets. With a last look back, he disappeared back to his own ship. 

----------

2 years later

Well, he was now officially wanted by the Navy. He gave a mental sigh as he ran for his life. A rather flattering amount of Navy men were chasing him at the moment and he didn't have time for any of this nonsense. He ducked into a small alleyway, barely managing to dodge the lot of them, but as he came out he ran right into someone and almost sent them flying to the ground.

"Oh shit!" He caught a slender hand and manage to save them.

"What the fuck do you think you're doin?" Angry chocolate eyes glared up at him. All at once his memory returned.

"You?!" He burst out laughing. "and here I thought I'd never see that pretty face of your again." He said with a grin.

Lacreshia looked up into the strange man's red eyes. She hadn't forgotten him. She herself had never encountered anyone else with those eyes. "If you know what's good for you, I suggest you let go of my hand."

"Maybe I don't want to." He said with a peculiar look. Not to many men looked at her like that once they knew who he was. She gave him a rather evil grin in return.

"I realize you do not know who I am, so I will introduce myself. I am Lacreshia Rahall captain of the Pirate Ship "The Burning Reaper", perhaps you have heard of me?" The strange man did not release her hand.

"Afraid not, love. Even after four years at sea I am not to familiar with these waters. As you have finally granted me with your name, I will give you mine. I am Kaiden Arrossire, Captain of "The Crossover"; ever hear of me?" He said teasingly.

Her own eyes widened. She knew the name alright. Was he mocking her? Just as she was about to say something, voices from down the road called out.

"That bastard's around here somewhere! Find him!"

"Damn it....ah! Whatever you do, don't fight back. We can't stand out." He said.\

Before she could question him, he pulled her into his arms, into a kiss. He backed himself up against the stone wall and continued to kiss her, his hands wrapping even tighter around her. Lacreshia's eyes flew open in shock. As a reflex, she tried to pull back, but he just deepened the kiss. She vaguely heard the voices of men as the passed them by.

"Anything down there?" one of them asked.

"Naw, just some young lovers." they went back the way they had come. Kaiden didn't stop kissing her.

She heard an almost silent growl deep within Arrossire's chest just before he bit her lip. She yelped and pulled back. "What the hell!" Her lips were actually swollen.

He moaned. "Damn it Red, don't pull back now."

"You have managed to avoid you're friends, so I suggest you go." She glared at him.

"Ahh, now I know I have been beaten. You win Red. I will go, but only if you promise to meet me again." He said.

"I could care less if we meet again." She swore. 

"Alright, I'll call them back. I am sure you are on their list as well." He opened his mouth to call out. She quickly covered it with her hands.

"Fine, FINE! I will meet you somewhere, just shut up." she hissed.

"Good. Meet me at Elm's Tavern tomorrow night. You know it, don't you?" 

"Of course I bloody know it! Now go damn you!" She cursed back at him.

He held up his hands in surrender. "Ok, OK , I'll go." He stole another brief kiss and dodged a punch. "Whoa easy. We'll have time for rough play later." He gave her another one of his winks and disappeared into the street.

"Bloody foreign fool." she muttered as she rubbed her lips. Despite everything she decided she would go to meet the moron. Hell, if anything she could make use of him in bed.

The following night she waited for him at the tavern for most of the night. He waited for him as she drank. The longer she waited; the angrier she became. By the early hours of the morning, she swore she would hunt the bastard down and make him pay. 

----------

Present Day

Lacreshia yelled out her orders as she chased "The Crossover". It had been almost an entire year since she had last seen it's sails and she swore it wouldn't get away from her this time. That Arrossire wasn't getting away this time.

"Captain, he's pulling away again!" Chris, her first mate shouted. He was a young man who tended to get over-protective towards his captain. 

"Damn him! How does he keep pulling away from me!" I want more speed!" She shouted. She chased him for hours but still he kept ahead.

"A big storm is brewing Captain!" one of her crew called out.

"Oh no! He's not loosing me again! Fallow him in!" She shouted.

"But Captain!"

"Take her in you cowards!" She chased him into the storm, not seeing his ship slip out from the side.

Kaiden watched "The Burning Reaper" and cringed. Red was not going to be happy when she realized he gave the slip again.

"If you ask me, I say she's got a thing for you." Jace said with a grin.

"Don't tease a love sick fool will ya? The woman wants my head on a stick" Kaiden said while looking back at the storm. 

"What exactly did you do to her? Screw her with a one night stand?"

"I wish it were that simple." He sighed against the wheel. "I stood her up on a date." 

Jace burst out laughing. "That's why she's chasing you down?! Are you kidding?"

"Damn it, she's not exactly the type that handles being insulted, she's a pirate."

"Then you shouldn't have stood her up."

"Oh yeah, that's what I REALLY wanted to do after I finally got her to agree." He said sarcastically. "A few hours after I met with her I got caught by the Navy and was stuck in jail for a few nights. I eventually managed to escape but by then she was royally pissed and after blood. This is why I will never get married baby brother. The only one I'm actually interested is a psychotic she-devil."

"hmmm so should I write home saying your engaged?"

"I will bury you at sea before you'd ever get the chance." Kaiden threaten.

------

-----

Several hours later in Lacreshia's cabin.

Chris screamed out in pain into his gagged mouth. Again Lacreshia slapped his balls with a paddle. He was tied down to her bed as he always was when she was frustrated. He groaned. She brought a large lit candle over and slowly began dripping it onto his naked chest. He yelled out in pain with each drop of hot wax.

"You bastard...you think I'll let you get away from me?" She hissed down at him. As always, she didn't see Chris tied to her bed, but Arrossire, with his crimson eyes looking up at her, pleading for release. She tied his balls with straps of leather, forcing him to remain in a painful erection. Dripping some of the hot wax onto his cock made his screams even louder. She removed only her leggings before giving him yet another painful strike.

"You have made a fool of me for far to long. You will regret the day you ever crossed paths with me Arrossire." Chris moaned in pain and suddenly she thrust the paddle's handle up his ass. There was nothing to push it in but full force. Chris's entire body pulled at his restraints as he screamed again. Tears of pain filled his eyes. 

Lacreshia sat on his cock, sliding it deep into her pussy. She pulled her head back with a moan and slowly began to ride him. Her bandana fell to the floor and her long grey ears unfolded to their full height. What most of the world didn't know; and only a few members of her own crew were aware, was Lacreshia was a Lepurush. A rare race of Rabbit-like humanoid's that are know to be passive and peaceful. Lacreshia held neither trait. 

As she rode his cock, she began thrusting the paddle in and out of his bleeding ass. With each scream of pain she increased her tempo. God she wanted him withering in pain under her. She closed her eyes imagining the real man under her, struggling to free himself from the pain, begging for release. 

"Yes, yes! that's how I want you, you bastard." She lost her hold of the paddle and rode him like crazy. Her bushy tail twitched as she grew closer to her own climax. He moaned with each and every pounding until finally she screamed out in her own climax, biting down on her lips as she came. She picked her self up off of him, her own cum dripping from her thighs. Without mercy she yanked off the leather restraining his balls and watched with slight amusement when his cum shout out like a geyser. She pulled out the paddle from his ass with a big tug and watched as a mix of pain and relief filled his face.

She cut one of his restraints and tossed him the knife. "Cut yourself free, get dressed, and get out. I have work to do." She said as she got dressed and readjusted her bandana. Chris lay in bed, panting for breath. He moaned as he cut himself free. Despite the pain she would put him threw, he loved her. Unfortunately for him, he was aware that aside from her obsession over The Crossline's captain, she could not love anyone. He swore that he himself would kill the prick before she could ever get close to him. He may not be able to have her, but he sure as hell won't give her to him.