 The young Waren sat on the rock with an amused look on his face. He looked like he was ready to attack if he did not like their answer. Aiden and Hawkens knew first hand not to mess with this species.

"Along time ago a Waren named Rillie gave it to us. He helped us through the woods in return for helping him." Aiden replied. 

The girls looked uneasy at the sight of the young man. They knew nothing of these Waren outside of what Hawk and Aiden told them. Shinai watched him carefully. None of them noticed the strange glazed look Yu had in her eyes. The Waren looked at them all before speaking. 

"So you were the humans that had helped my father all those years ago?" He grinned playfully, his tail wagging with enjoyment. 

"I was barely 5 years old when you came through the village so I didn't really remember." He jumped off the rock and stood next to Aiden. The kid was tall; an inch taller than him, and Aiden was on the tall side himself. 

"The name's Bailey, nice to meet ya." He held out his hand to Aiden and they shook introducing themselves. 

"So how is your father, kid?' Hawk asked "He doing ok?"

"He's dead, about 10 years now." Bailey said. The guys looked at each other before speaking.

"Bailey how many of you are left?" Hawk asked him

"About 15 of us left. Most of us are elders outside of me, J, Shane, and Leon. You guys met Shane and Leon; they were about the same age as you." It was Shinai who spoke.

"You're really dying out? There's nothing that can be done?" She looked horrified. 

"What's done is done. A long time ago we were told all shifters were originally from the same family but the Fairiee tend to play games on us so we don't really believe them." He sat down next to Tao and Ruma, Yu kept an unusual distance from him. 

"I'm guessing you need help getting through the forest." They all nodded. 

"I'll take you to the village. If they say it's ok, I'll get you out of here." After about an hour of talking they set out towards the center of the forest. They had been so preoccupied that they had not noticed Talli missing. When they noticed Lucifer went out looking for her. Aiden knew he would be able to find her and get her back to them.

------------

Talli followed the sweet gentle sound through the trees. She moved in a trance, unaware of anything around her. The music engulfed her, filling her senses. She found herself at a small clearing. A large weeping willow tree stood at its center. 

She walked slowly towards it trying to find the source of the sound. She was lulled to the trees trunk ware she drifted to a deep sleep. The tree's vines coiled under her clothing and ripped them to shreds, wrapping around her entire body and slipping deep inside her pussy and ass. She gasped in her sleep as her subconscious drifted into a strange dream.

She heard the same music she had during the night of her rescue. Naked, she followed the sound deep through the woods. Her legs and thighs felt weak as an agonizing need spread from the tips of her toes to the core of her pussy. Her body ached for something. It was the same feeling she had on the night of the red moon, but it was different. She wanted one thing and one thing only to fill her. The problem was she had no idea what that was. 

As the voice grew louder her body grew hotter. She could barely walk as she stumbled forward, her own cum dripping down her legs. She reached a small clearing and stumbled to the ground gasping for air. Her body ached so much that it hurt. She lay on her back with her legs bent, spread as wide as they could go. Her hand Slid down her belly to her aching core. She slid two fingers deep inside and began pumping them in and out of her. Her free hand was rubbing and squeezing her breasts as hard as she could, little gasps of pleasure left her lips as she rode her own fingers. 

The voice surrounded her, heightening her pleasure. She arched her back up as the sensations grew and her gasps grew louder. No matter how close she was to cumming her body just would not make that final step. She couldn't cum. She moaned with frustration as she continued to try and relieve herself. The voice grew louder, sending her need higher and higher. Her eyes shut tightly and she let out a gasp of surprise. 

Two large hands were on her. One fondled her other breast as the other slid between her thighs his fingers joining hers deep inside her body. She screamed out with pleasure terrified that if she opened her eyes the hands would be gone. The voice was all around her as the stranger's body lowered themselves on top of her. She felt a bare chest press against her breasts and a large, hard, shaft brushes her thigh. She gasped as the stranger slid deeper inside her. His fingers matching her own pace, increasing her pleasure. He lowered his lips to hers, whispering the same song to her against her. Her body shivered with delight. Whoever the stranger was, he was the owner of the voice. He kissed her roughly, nipping at her lower lip before pulling away, his hands leaving her body. She moaned in frustration, terrified that he had left her. She felt his hands on her waist and she sighed with relief and delight. She reached out for him and he took her hand, pulling her on to her hands and knees. A small growl filled the air as she felt him behind her. He held her firm as he slid two thick fingers into her ass. She screamed out in a mix of pain and pleasure. 

This was a Katsari's weakest spot. The female never let a male take her here unless she wanted to be claimed permanently. Their bodies molded around the males penis to fit his and only his, once taken her body would be brought higher than ever before, but by this one male. If she lay with another male she would not feel a thing.

His free hand moved to grab her tail, pulling her ass higher. She moaned loudly as he started to pound into her. She screamed when he added another finger inside her, pounding harder. He growled deeper when she began to press against his hand. Tugging her tail harder he slammed a fourth finger into her ass. Her screamed echoed around them as he used her tail to keep her fucking his fingers. Blood dripped from her hole as he stretched her. He let her tail go and slid his fingers out slowly. 

She moaned, her body still aching and dying to cum. He then pressed his own penis to her hole. She moaned with a mix of need and dread as he slowly pushed his way inside her. He was twice the size of his four fingers and she screamed out with every inch. He spread her wide not stopping until he filled her completely. He waited for her body to adjust to his size, one hand stroking her tail while the other played with her clit. She whimpered and pressed her sore ass against him. 

He took his queue and let out a loud growl. Grabbing her tail he pulled her hard on him, ramming into her ass, their skin slapping hard against each other. She let out scream after scream as he fucked her ass ruthlessly. Her body brought to a completely different high she came hard, her legs feeling weak as she did. He continued to ride her hard not stopping to give her breath. Her body did not stop cumming even as she felt him grow bigger inside her. He let out a moan and rode her harder, lowering himself to bite her shoulder as he filled her with his seed. When they collapsed he licked and nibbled her sore shoulder to ease the pain. She moaned with joy. 

Meanwhile outside of the dream, she was on her back, the trees vines fucking her body ruthlessly. Her body's cum dripping down the vines like a faucet. Lucifer finally found her but only stared at the sight. He stood in his human form and watched as Talli moaned with enjoyment. Her sent drove him mad as he started to pull the vines out of her. 

In the dream she snuggled close to the stranger, slowly opening her eyes to see her mate only to stare at empty space. She sat up and looked around desperately. He was gone....

"Hey, come on girl wake up, oi!" Lu spoke to her gently trying to wake her. She moaned and opened her silver eyes, and stared up at him.

Talli was looking into familiar eyes. The panthers eyes, but they were in the face of the hottest man she ever saw. Not that she saw many males, but she was frozen with awe.

"Are you alright?" He asked her in a familiar voice. She nodded and looked around; stunned at the sight of her naked body she yelped and tried to cover herself. The man smiled and wrapped a cloak around her. 

"You're lucky I found you, Dream Willows are very dangerous." 

"Who are you? And what do you mean by Dream Willows?" She asked him.

"It Lucifer sweetheart, see" He showed her his bandaged arm with here handiwork. "Dream Willows are very old willow trees. 

They existed in ancient times, which is why I am not really surprised that there's one here. It wraps around a victim and begins feeding off of their sexual energy. While they do this they lull the victim to sleep and give them a dream of their deepest desires. People have often died because they never wanted to wake." 

His voice was like hot velvet...she thought. Her eyes widened in realization. "Where you the one that sang to distract the Sentari?" She asked him.

He flashed her a smile that made her want to curl her toes. "Guilty, doll, now let's get you up, we'll need to find the others. She nodded still in a daze as he helped her up. She was to preoccupied with who her stranger turned out to be, that she did not notice the blood that dripped down her leg from under her cloak. She followed him watching the way he walked and licked her lips.

They walked for hours following Aidens' sent. Talli was so hot that it hurt. She needed him badly. "Lucifer, could we stop for a moment?" She asked in a weak voice. He stopped and looked at her, ready to agree with her when he lost the ability to speak. Her body gleamed with sweat; the cloak was so loose he could see most of her breasts. Her eyes were so full of need that his mouth watered. He took a step back. She took a step closer.

"Talli maybe you should sit down. You look tired." She continued to get closer to him. "Oh crap..."

She took that final step and pressed herself against him, letting the cloak drop to her feet as she wrapped her arms around his neck. She looked like she was in heat, which was far worse than the red moon. Unlike the once in a 3 month occurrence, when a female was ready for a mate she would go into heat for days unless outside of their species. If a female chose say a human male, she would not go into heat until the second shared red moon, which happens to last until the following red moon. Talli slid her fingers through his hair and pressed her lips to his. He let out a moan of need as she undressed him. He growled and pushed her onto her hands and knees; just as he was ready to slide his fingers into her he stared at the bite marks at her shoulder and stopped. He then saw the blood dripping from her ass.

"Talli; who claimed you?" He growled angrily as he spoke. She moaned and looked back at him.

"You did, in my dream." She was gasping with need. "Please Lucifer; I knew it was you the moment you spoke. I need you now!"

He let out another growl but this time of satisfaction. Not waiting to spread her for him, he thrust deeply into her ass, screaming out she thrust back against him. Her eyes rolled back as he brought her higher and higher. Just as she was ready to cum he pulled out of her. She screamed out with frustration as he rolled her onto her back and claimed her mouth with his own. She purred deep into his throat as his hands groped and fondled her breasts, he spread her legs whit his own, and kissing her one last time he sat up and pulled her waist up towards his face. She gasped as his tongue slide deep inside her making her wiggle against him. He continued his assault on her till she was sobbing with the need to release. Grinning he lowered her down and with one swift thrust he broke her hymn and filled her completely. He waited for her body to adjust before slowly thrusting in and out of her. She let out little gasps each time he filled her. Her breasts jiggled with each thrust enticing him to go faster. He quickened the pace until they were pounding against each other She let out a scream when she finally came, tightening her hold on his shaft so much that he came with her, filling her with his seed. She moaned and started to purr pleasingly. He knew her need would hit in another few hours so they needed to hurry. He covered her up and got dressed, lifting her into his arms he continued towards Aiden. His legs felt weak and all he wanted to do was curl up next to her and sleep but he needed to hurry. If they stayed separated for to long he would lose Aiden's sent.

------------

It would take two days to reach Bailey's village. They stopped for lunch hopping Lucifer would catch up soon. Yu kept a large distance from the Waren guide. When ever she got to close to him she would stop thinking, her body would grow hot and her body would start to demand a cock to fill it. It felt just like the red moon. It felt like she was going in to heat but that happens after a female is taken, not before. Yu would shudder with delight whenever he spoke directly to her and it was driving her mad. After they ate they continued to move, Yu stayed in the back. This time Shinai noticed her odd behavior and walked with her. 

"Are you ok Yu? You're not acting like yourself. Is something wrong?" She asked her. Yu took a deep breath than answered.

"I'm loosing my mind Shinai. I can't stop thinking of him and it is maddening. I'm terrified if I shift near him I'll loose it completely. 

"Who?" she asked.

"The Waren, Bailey." Yu said. Shinai blinked with surprise, she smiled.

"Than make a move. The man's race is dying. You might be an answer." Shinai told her. Yu stared at her with wide eyes. 

"Look...I know what it's like to want something you can't have." She looked at Aiden as she said this. 

"Believe me, Bailey and you are not one of them. Take him somewhere and make a move." With that she smiled and went to join Aiden. Yu watched as Shinai briefly looked longingly at him before turning to normal.

"Things we can't have huh..." Yu started to think about taking Shinai's advice.

Bailey took his time leading them to his home, watching them closely for any unusual behavior. These woods could out smart his own race, if they were not careful. He noticed one of the women, Yu he believed, was acting a little strangely and decided to keep an eye on her. He wondered if the female of his kind used to look like her. Lean muscles, long legs, and gentle curves, golden skin, gold-orange eyes... Her hair, a platinum blonde, cut pixie short, showing off her cute pointed cat ears...he shook the thoughts out of his head. Perhaps he should not watch her so much after all. He could smell the man Lucifer in the air, he was not far, but would not reach them until mid day tomorrow. His eyes drifted back to Yu and he shook his head again. The elders could probably explain this. He hoped. 

------------

The group stopped for the night, they all stayed close together to avoid an temptations in the woods. Bailey took the first night shift. He forced his eyes in front to avoid watching Yu sleep...which he really wanted to do. He was so preoccupied with his thoughts that he had not noticed Yu and Tao disappearing.

The two women wandered the woods, Tao was curious of their surroundings but Yu just wanted more distance from Bailey. They did not notice the shadows moving around them. They reached a strange flower field filled with pale pink flowers that looked like a woman's pussy. Finding them strange the bent down ad smelt them. There eyes glazed over and they immediately moved closer to each other. They kissed, sliding their tongues inside their mouths. They pulled each others clothes off and Tao pushed Yu back. Giggling she lowered her head between Yu's thighs and began eating her pussy. Yu gasped and started thrashing beneath her, still giggling Tao moved so her own pussy was at Yu's head. Her fellow sister slid her tongue inside and started licking and sucking her pussy as she did hers. They were so preoccupied with each other they did not hear the hissing, only when they felt something slither around them did they stop. Two very large Nagas surrounded them. They were half men, half snake. Their male faces were serene, cold and handsome, their penis' were huge, and snake tails could probably split a woman in two. The girls had enough sense in them to fight back, but they were held firmly down. The Nagas did not wait, they plunged their cocks into the girls screaming mouths as their tails moved to slither inside their pussys. 

Yu and Tao were fucked until all thrashing ended and they began to willingly suck their invaders. The hissing grew louder as the Two Nagas switched to sliding their huge cocks into the girls' wet pussys. They moaned as Yu's assaulter's tail slid in Taos mouth, and Tao's assaulter slid in Yu's. They moaned and continued the assault until well passed midnight. They left the girls gasping for air as they slithered away. Moaning Tao crawled over to Yu and French kissed her. Their aching swollen bodies over stimulated and wanted more. Tao pushed Yu back and pressed her pussy against Yu's. They fucked until Yu passed out. Tao wanting more stumbled back to the camp hopping to find a new playmate. However by the time she left the field and reached camp she simply passed out. 

By now Bailey knew Yu was missing and went to find her. He groaned when he found her in the Nympho fields, which meant exactly what it sounded like. Any woman unlucky enough to be caught in those flower fields would become nymphomaniacs. They would crave sex until they pass out and want more the moment they woke. He moved as quietly as he could to try and carry her out. The sight of her naked body made his mouth water. Gently he bent down to scoop her up in his arms as he did so she moaned and snuggled close to his chest. He let out a low moan and slowly carried her out of the fields. Once he was away from those damn flowers he sighed with relief and looked down. Immediately he wished he hadn't. Her naked body gleamed in the moonlight; her breasts rose and fell against him with each breath she took and it was driving him insane. He gently lowered her to the ground and pulled off his shirt; trying not to wake her he slipped his shirt on her and let out a small moan. The girl almost looked better with his shirt on. He carefully picked her back up, but she stirred, lazily opened her eyes and smiled at him. Oh crap....

"You should go back to sleep, you won't remember what happened in the morning." He tried to keep his voice steady and unintentionally sounded harsh. She jolted in his arms.

"Put me down please." She was terrified at what she had done, whatever it was. She began to think of all the things she could have done to Disgust him. He heard the hurt in her voice and had no idea how to fix it. Frankly outside of the damn Fairiee he had never been in contact with women and had absolutely no idea what to do.

"You won't be able to walk for awhile, and you should relax, I only found you, I didn't see anything." Although a part of him really wished he was. He continued to carry her back to the camp. 

"Really I saw nothing. You were lying in a very dangerous flower field, frankly if you woke up their again you probably would have died. The Nagas like those fields but they're not what kill's you, if you're over exposed to those flowers you'll die from a, well, rather original ailment." She looked up at him with big wide eyes and he forced himself not to moan. What the hell was wrong with him anyways? He thanked god when they reached the camp. Aiden was already awake for the watch when he saw them. He raised an eyebrow but said nothing. Bailey gently lowered Yu down next to Tao and Ruma and wished her a good night. Yu tried moving her legs but true to Bailey's word, she couldn't move them, they felt like lead. She stared up at the night sky and thought about how nice it felt in his arms. 
