 First I would like to say HELLLOOOO, it has been awhile yes I know. I have been very busy which had not helped my writers block. It had been so long I had to reread my stories and I have got to say my grammar still sucked. Ah well if you can't make fun of yourself who can you make fun of right? Ok for those of you who have read my stories here is a little recap. Aiden and Shinai are on their way to meeting Hawkens and Lucifer. While Talli, Kai, Yu, Tao and Ruma ....plus two I have not named are held captive at the Sentari capital. Oh and for all those who have not read my first two chapters...Go back and read them!

With this chapter I will introduce two new races into the storyline....even though they may not appear till a later chapter. First we have the Fairie which are in fact what everyone knows them to be, mischievous beings that look like a cross between Fairy's and elves. Well who can have a fantasy story without them right? The second race I will be introducing today are called the Waren, similar to the Katsuri but much older, these beings are thought to be extinct in the world. They are wolf like humans. Most of them are tall, lean and swift. Their skin tone is an ashy tan or nut brown depending on their tails and pointed ears. Well I'll go more into their description when they show up. Well now its time to start the chapter.....wish me luck.

------------

Hawkens yawned as he arrived at the meeting spot early. He wore a loose white shirt and close fit brown trousers. A side bag holding god knows what, tall leather boots that held at least 2 daggers and a long pistol safe in its belted holster. Aiden owed him big time for this. He scratched his short sandy blonde hair with his hand. He knew Lu would not arrive till later that night, the damn lazy ass cat. He stretched his long arms out. Sure he was not made out of muscle like Lucifer or Aiden but he knew how to hold his own in a fight if he needed to..... Just not with those two. Knowing he had a few hours to wait he climbed the largest tree and found a good branch to sleep in. He knew better then to sleep on the ground in these woods, unless he wanted to be something's lunch. He closed his jade green eyes and began to dream of beautiful naked women.

Lucifer stayed in his panther form carrying a small bag in his mouth. Large powerful muscles worked together to create beautiful poetic movement that used absolutely no extra movement. His bright electric blue eyes saw everything as he ran. It was not long before he arrived at the meeting place under the light of the moon. He could smell Hawk in the air, knowing that clown he was in the trees again. When did that hot head get here? He thought. The man was either far too late or way to early....at least he was the later. His cat form dropped the bag and yawned lazily; he circled around a tree before dropping in the grass and closed his eyes. He would know when Aiden and this client would enter the woods..... This job was not going to be an easy one especially for Aiden. This would not be the first or second time that man has tried to take the Sentari capital....The man had demons haunting him and going back to that place would waken them all over again...even he did not know what those demons were. Only Hawkens knew, and that man would never break his silence unless Aiden's life depended on it.

------------

Shinai watched Aiden as he moved. Every step he made caused her toes to curl and she hated him for it. Neither had spoken since the night before and the tension was just making her more uneasy. She hated this weakness she had for him, the way every time he looked at her she wanted to purr with glee or whenever he smiled she had these butterflies fluttering in her belly. It was maddening. Do you know what was worse? He was completely fine with the way things were between them. It was infuriating. She couldn't tell wither she wanted to jump him to slit his throat or to fuck him senseless. God she loved the way his butt moved while he walked......she stopped all together and froze. Did she just think love? She did, didn't she? Absolutely not! She thought. He turned and looked at her. There, bam was the need to purr. The damn bastared did this on purpose.

"Is something wrong? We need to hurry." Was all he said to her. She nodded and picked up the pace. God she hated him.

Aiden could feel her eyes on his back and it was driving him insane. He was crazy about her. She got under his skin like no women ever had. He loved it and hated it all at once. He could still feel her anger towards him and it was rightfully so. He treated her horribly the night before, but it had to be done. He was already far too emotionally involved with her as it was. If this continued he would jeopardize the job he was hired for. They would arrive at the meeting place in another hour and then the fun part would begin. They continued on their path towards the Sandrine woods. The silence was killing him. He was exhausted with all these damn contradictions. He wished he would just choose something already. Chose to avoid her for the rest of the job, or chose to chase after her like some idiot in love.....god he just thought love didn't he? Crap he was in love. Wasn't this just what he needed, more complications. They reached the woods in good time and by the time they reached the meeting spot the sun was high above them.

Shinai looked around the small clearing. Large, lush green trees surrounded a small clear spring. You could see the fish swimming up stream; the only other life was a large sleeping panther. What stunned her was Aiden walked directly toward him. 

"Aiden what the hell are you doing? Are you insane?" she whispered. He turned and looked at her with a mischievous grin and winked. She watched as he actually kicked the panther awake. The beast growled and glared at him but did nothing else. Aiden burst out laughing and gestured for Shinai to come closer. 

"Shinai, I am guessing you have never met your Panzarz cousins' right? This is Lucifer, one of my buddies. He is just like you but prefers to stay in his feline form with others. Panzarz are notorious loners. The only time they are seen in pairs is if they find their mate. This pain in the ass stays like this to make my life difficult." He explained.

"A Panzarz?" She was confused. She had never known another type of Katsari outside of the Jaguari.

"Yes, there are four Katsari clans scattered across the lands. The Tigree, the Lepari, the Panzarz, and the Jaguari. Most of the clans don't know about each other. Lu, you could change for her you know." He asked the large cat. He just yawned and closed his eyes. "Yeah you would say that." While he was speaking to the cat she moved slowly towards them

"What about this other friend of yours?" she asked him keeping a safe distance.

"Knowing Hawkens he's above us." Aiden replied. "He has a thing for sleeping in trees."

Out of no ware something came from above. A tall light skinned man with the greenest eyes she had ever seen.

"I keep telling you, I sleep up there because I don't have the super sensors you to have. I don't know if something's going to try to eat me while I am sleeping." He had a warm voice with just a hint of hoarseness that made him sound very cute. "And hello, where have you been all my life you lovely lady." He grinned at Shinai and she could not reset smiling back.

"Don't even think about it Romeo, do you have the old capital plans?" Aiden did not like Hawks flirting in the least.

"Yea, yea" He replied. He took off his side bag and sat on the ground, pulling out a pair of glasses and an old rolled up map. He put the glasses on and unrolled the map.

"Wait, how did you get a map of the Sentari capital? No one outside of the Sentari and a few traders have ever been their." Shinai grew cautious.

"My lovely lady of course I have a map, you don't expect me to plan a rescue and escape without a map, besides this isn't a Sentari map, those idiots wouldn't know the difference between a Longitude and a Latitude. This is a map of the capital of Galna, home of the Vestari gladiators. What most people do not know was the Sentari's took Galna by force, somewhat 20 years ago. Ahhhh I was so young then. Well anyways back to the map. Knowing those idiots they kept everything as it was so the slave market is most likely held at the old gladiator arenas. Getting in the city is easy enough, the only thing Ali the Alligator likes better then naked women is music and that's where our kitty poo comes in." Lucifer growled deeply." Aww, Aiden I don't think he likes his code name."

"Cut it out Hawk, focus." Aiden replied trying to hold in a laugh. Shinai listened with astonishment as Hawkens explained the plan.

"The problem isn't getting in the city, or even out of it, the problem is getting out alive. Surrounding the northwest zone of the city is a vast desert. That's where we'll enter easy enough. But at the southeast zone is a vast forest that not even the Sentari go near. The locals called it "Padure a nu reveni" loosely translated as forest of no return. Nice right? Well needless to say, anyone unlucky enough to go through there never comes back, hence the name. Unfortunately that is our only way out so we'll just have to wing it." Aiden groaned deeply.

"God, damn it Hawkens, every time you say to wing it something gets seriously screwed up. I hate when you say that....it usually means me in a damn dress." Shinai did a double take. 

"Wait what? What do you mean a dress?" she looked between all of them and Hawkens burst out laughing till he could barely breath.

"Well you see, we were in a bit of a bind one time in Kalido and we needed a distraction badly. Well needless to say there was no way in hell I was getting Lu to pull it off no matter how much I paid him, and I couldn't do it cause I was needed to pull off the heist which left our lovely Aiden here. You made such an adorable lady in distress." He laughed while speaking. If looks could kill the ones Aiden were giving would have stopped Hawk in his tracks. But he just kept laughing. 

"Moving on, once we make it through Padure a nu reveni, there is a clan of Tigree directly east of the forests exit. They are dangerously short on women and would take you girls in if need be, or you can go back home. Once we get out of those woods the jobs done. The Sentari never go out that far. Frankly they're too stupid to try... "Aiden had absolutely no idea how they were going to do that, even as he said it. The last time he and Hawk made it out of those god awful woods was a miracle and a half. They were just kids back then. Perhaps the natives had felt sorry for them or something, who knows, but there was no telling what would happen now. He looked over to Shinai who was bent over the map with Hawkens as he described their route through the city. He let out a sigh of frustration and Lu growled at him. ..."I know old friend. I'm digging my own grave." He whispered to him. If he made it out of this job alive, never mind in one piece, would be a sight to see. He and Hawk made it through that god awful place only once, when they were escaping Galna's fall a very, very long time ago. His mind had drifted back to a time of nightmares.

"....We should wait till nightfall before we move into the city. The Sentari hate the cold night and try to avoid being out then." Hawk had noticed Aiden's look. "Aiden, you ok?"

Aiden snapped out of his trance and grinned like nothing was wrong but Shinai had noticed the trance as well. She would get some answers after the job was done. About him, and about their relationship, if there even was one would be a nice answer but know was not the time. She was so close to her sisters she could smell them on the wind. Hawk continued.

"Ok, once we get to the girls we'll disguise them as men. If they are spotted from a distance those idiots would be fooled. Since I highly doubt your friends are the only ones taken, I'll bring a few extras." He got up and stretched, packing his glasses safely in his bag with the map. "Lucifer, we'll need you to be the distraction. You got a mesmerizing voice for normal ears, never mind our lizard friends ears." The big cat just nodded and went back to his nap. "He's so damn annoying in that form." Was all he said in response.

They got up and continued to the capital. They would enter the desert in an hour and by the time they reached the capital it would be nightfall like they planned.

------------

Shinai had never seen the desert before, she had no idea what she expected but she froze in owe at the sight of all that sand. With mixed hues of oranges, reds, and yellows the sight was breathtaking, but the heat was nauseating. She was so used to the humid heat of the jungle that the dry heat was overwhelming. Aiden came from behind and covered her with a thick cloak. 

"I'll die in this!" she said.

"Trust me, you'll need that, the sun will burn you alive if you're not covered." He smiled at her. "Relax; we'll be there in no time."

He was reassuring her, she realized. He was trying to keep her calm d that confused her emotions greatly. She watched Aiden move onto the vast sands like he had done it all his life. He moved with the same enchanting grace he always used. She followed stunned at how easily her feet sunk into the sands. Hawks walked up to her.

"Step lightly, like you're walking on a frozen lake." He moved onward with the same grace Aiden had. She watched the two men with a puzzled look. Why could Hawkens move the same way Aiden did. What was there connection? The Panther grunted for her to move on and she did so.

The winds were harsh and the sands slippery. She fought for her footing with each step. She thought of nothing but reaching the capital. It seemed to take forever but nightfall finally came to the desert. They stopped for a drink of water and waited. 

"Why are we stopping? Shouldn't we keep moving?" She asked them.

"No, we're close now. We have to wait for Lucifer to get ready." Was hawks reply.

She looked for the cat but found nothing. "Where is he then?" she asked.

"Behind you doll." A voice spoke softly from behind that would send shivers down anyone's spine. She turned and froze. Before her was a hunter like she had never seen before. He was tall and muscular. His skin was a warm, creamy, coco brown that matched his fur. He wore tight black leather pants, a low necked, sleeveless blue shirt and a leather vest. His feet amusingly enough were bare. His face was smooth but for a scar that cleft his left check bone. His eyes were the same electric blue, and his hair was black as night, held loosely by a strap of leather at his back. The man was intimidating.

"Lucifer has a unique appearance, yes I know. We need to get moving now." Aiden said. He couldn't believe it. He was jealous! Him! He hated the way she looked at Lu. Hawk just grinned and said nothing. Lucifer flashed a toothy smile and went off ahead of them.

"Should he be going out there alone?" she asked them.

"Lucifer's the distraction Shinai. We can't be seen near him." Hawkens explained. She nodded in understanding and they took another route. 

Upon arriving at the city Shinai stared at the ancient architecture. The city was built in smooth grey stones that once showed pride, now the city looked as if it were weeping. The snuck into the front gate which was unheard of for her. It seemed the Sentari night guards stayed by firelight and were easy to spot and get around. The followed the ally ways until they were safely hidden. Then they waited for Lucifer's queue. Just as she thought it would never happen, a soft warm voice filled the night with a song in a very old language. They were off.

------------

Talli woke to an unusual sound. A voice filled the night, enchanting all that heard it. It wrapped around the mind like warm, soft velvet. Her toes curled with enjoyment as she closed her eyes to feel the music. She doubted she would enjoy anything ever again. The others began to wake and looked at each other confused. It was Kai that broke their silence.

"What is going on? The guards are going towards the music."

They watched as the Sentari formed a line through the ally ways towards the sound. It was as if they had no other thought in their heads. Just as the last guard faded into the night, movement formed at the ally's rooftops. They watched with stunned expressions as three figures came down and formed out of the darkness.

"Hello, my lovely ladies. Your rescue team has arrived." A tall skinny man winked at them from under a hooded cloak. "Here, put these own. I'm glade I thought to bring extra." He passed a bag filled with men's clothes through the cell bars and the girls began to obey dumbfounded. 

"Who are you?" Yu asked him. 

"He is a friend sisters'." A voice came from behind him as the figure stepped forward pulling back her hood.

"Shinai!" Talli, Yu, and Tao all said at once in their excitement.

"Hurry ladies we don't have much time." The blonde man said. The girls nodded and continued to dress. When they were ready the man picked at the cell lock with several unique tools taking only seconds to unlock it. "Ok, we need to hurry along the rooftops. Lu's song won't last forever." The girls followed them and ran into the third man who had been keeping watch. Talli froze in fear from the man's eyes. Crimson red eyes, just like the beasts.

"Come Talli, we must hurry." Shinai spoke taking her hand. The three led the girls up the rooftops easily. Knowing every turn they needed to make. Shinai knew something was off. Hawkens and Aiden knew this city far to well. She would get answers later. Hawkens led them to another ally way hidden from the streets below. He jumped down and beckoned the others to follow. They did. 

"This is an old gladiator path. Only the chosen knew these roads." Was all Hawkens offered for an explanation. He lifted a hidden pot hole in the ground and jumped down. The others followed. Under the ground was a strange tunnel with no light. Hawkens went over to a torch and lit it. Thousands lit at once lighting their path. Aiden closed the pot hole behind him. Now that they could see iron rails covered the ground. Two strange cars lay on them going in either direction. They looked like bullets with glass eyes. The iron was rusted and the hinges squeaky. Both of them covered with dust and cob webs.

"What is this place?" Ruma was the one that spoke now, asking what they all wanted to know.

"This was the city's escape routes. One takes you to the desert, the other to the forest. Now I have a littler repairing to do so just sit their and take a breath. It shouldn't take to long." Hawk explained while he began to work on one of the strange cars.

"Escape route? Then the people of Galna escaped?" Shinai asked Aiden. The other girls sat down and listened with confusion.

"....No, they never had the chance... only a small group of 14 escaped the city alive." Aiden answered.

"How do you know this? Surely more escaped?" Kai asked him. Shinai looked at him for the answer.

Aiden took a deep breath...he should tell her the truth. He knew she wasn't going to like it. "I know because....I was one of them. Galna was the city I was born in...me and Hawkens grew up here." Shinai stared at him frozen from speech. He continued. "We were 12 years old, two young to make a difference in the fight. I was a Vestari gladiator in training. Hawk was studying to be an inventor. When the Sentari came it was by surprise. The gladiators fought desperately to save the city but to no avail. When all hope was lost they ordered me to take as many as I could out of the city and I did. Hawk and I grabbed anyone we could and ran. We escaped through these very tunnels knowing none of use would see our homes again. By the time we reached the forest red powder filled the city....when a gladiator dies they send red smoke in the air to alert the others of the deaths....with that much smoke...none lived. The city was taken and we were forced to take to the forest. I still don't know how we made it out of there alive." When he finished he went to help Hawkens.
