 Ok so its been a long time. This will be the final chapter to the Red Moon series. I do plan on making a small side chapter but we'll get to it when we get to it. Sooo how did you like the last chapter? I had fun writing it anyways. I bit of a warning, I do not plan to have any sex scenes in this chapter...I could change my mind by the end of it but this is a serious addition...ok so back to the story...

------------

The night before the planned battle everyone was uneasy. The Waren had agreed to join the battle along with the Fairiee but something didn't feel right. Shinai looked around carefully. Fallin and the Tigaree were preparing the arsenal of weapons for the final time, Nora and the Lepari were going over the battle plans again. Kai had thrown herself into her training ever since Leon had refused her, Raj, Talon, Kobe and Gale were working on a retreat plan. Everyone had a job and a place but something was wrong. No one had seen Hawkens since earlier this morning. She went over to Fallin.



"Where's Hawk?" She asked him.

"...He volunteered to help with the night watch, some of his instincts are better then our hunters." Fallin answered. His voice gave nothing away.

"Is that so?.." She didn't know why Fallin made her uneasy but she trusted him. 



"Is everything ready for tomorrow?" She asked him.

"Yeah, everything is set. The retreat signal is a recording of Lucifer's voice...it was Hawks idea so I am sure there is a purpose to it."

"Sentari are attracted to music more then anything else. They can't resist it. It's a smart plan if u send the signal away from the retreating party..." she replied. Fallin nodded with understanding and went back to work. Shinai spotted Leon helping the Waren named J with some last minute equipment. Kai watched him from a distance. Sighing, She approached the two men.

"Leon...You need to speak with Kai, at this rate she'll be in no condition to be at the battlefield tomorrow." Shinai told him.

"....I'll be there to keep an eye on her." He answered.

"Leon is a bit stubborn but he won't let anything happen to her. Those two are going to be impossible for awhile. A little time and they'll be fine." J told her.

"Why dose everything have to be so bloody complicated..." She muttered, leaving the two men as she went back to her own tent. She went to get a drink but her stomach rebelled. She moaned, clutching her belly. This was the third time in a week. She grabbed a mug of water and gulped it down, settling her stomach for the moment. She cursed Aiden yet again. The timing was horrible. Instead of going into heat, which would have been a bitch to begin with, she was pregnant! Of all the bloody times...



"You'll have to stay behind..." A voice from behind her said. Shinai turned to face her new Mother Head.



"Saori... you know I can't..."

"No "buts," this is an order form your Mother Head" Saori declared. "You can stay behind and help Leila with the medical support." 

"..."

"Shinai you'll be risking your cub, do you really think you can do that?" She asked.

"No...your right..."

While the two women talked, Hawk snuck into the capital through the old waterways, careful not to use the same tunnels they had upon escaping the first time. He placed a small explosive on the main tunnel ways, hiding it in the shadows. He wouldn't be done until well passed the morning. He moved swiftly, checking every passage he could. With each step he took he prayed, he prayed for his success. If he failed there would be no second chances. The Sentari would never be stopped.

"Aiden, you better live long you bastard." He muttered.

-   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -  



Before the sun even hit the sky the Fairiee attacked Galna with full, furious force. The screams of rage could be heard for miles. With the first wave of attacks that Katsari and Waren quickly followed. Weapons drawn, they charged forward slicing through the Sentari front. They were agile and quick but the Sentari had many more numbers. Shinai and Leila waited at the infirmary a wave after wave of injured were rushed to them. Shinai and the others did everything they could for the wounded. Many went back out to rejoin the fight, many more never got the chance to reopen their eyes.

"I need more bandages!" She called out. "Get me more alcohol! We need to sterilize these wounds." She scrambled to help a wounded comrade.

Out on the battlefield Kai wielded her blade with pure mastery. Slicing down each enemy he faced. She moved swiftly, dodging blades and arrows side by side with her brothers and sisters. Not far off Leon kept watch, taking out as much as he could. He kept watch over her, determined to keep her safe. Ruma and Tao took charge of the archers. Sending burning arrows into the Sentari's hearts.

"Don't stop firing! Make each arrow count!" Ruma called out over the war cries. The Archers continued their firing. Making sure to give their warriors support. Saori led the Jaguari hunters. Attacking with stealth and accuracy. Her mate Gale moved right beside her, keeping her within his reach of protection. Fallin and the Tigaree used a different method. Using brute strength and pure power they hunted through the battlefield, preferring to use their bare fists or beast forms. The cries of death echoed in the wind. 

Back under the waterways Hawk was ready. The explosives were in place and so were the voice recorders. Galna will be alive one last time. 

"Alright, everything's set. I hope Fallin did his part. He switched the recorders on and Lucifer's voice echoed through the tunnels, radiating off of the buildings and into the air. "Alright Fallin, you're up...."

Back on the battlefield the Katsari and their allies were startled by the sheer power of the retreat signal. The moment the first notes rang out the Sentari went on a rampage back towards the capital. All at once they tried to get to the source of the music. Back at the campsite Shinai watched wave after wave of her allies returning. She watched Tao and Ruma returned with the Archers, Nora returned with the Lepari, Shane, J, and Bailey returned with more wounded. Leon carried an angry and outraged Kai, Yu and Saori returned with the Jaguari. The last to return was the Tigaree with Fallin coming up at the rear. Shinai sighed with relief at watching her close friends returning, but when she saw Fallin she realized Hawkens hadn't returned. Hearing the music coming from the capital she put two and two together. 

"Oh god!! Hawk!!" She ran towards the capital only to be held back by Fallin and several others. "What are you doing!! Hawkens is still there!" She screamed. Struggling to be freed. As she fought she watched in horror as a large rumble vibrated the earth.

Inside the capital Hawkens was setting off the bombs remotely. He looked down at his hands and smirked.

"Well...Professor...looks like I'll be seeing you sooner then I planned...." He waited until he saw a hoard of angry Sentari rampaging through the tunnels. He waited until they were mere feet from him. He flicked the final switch, "Burn in hell you bastards..." 

A large blast shot out through the tunnels and out into the city. The Blast set off every piece of dormant technology, sending the entire city to a fiery grave. Hawkens' body was thrown back into a smaller waterway never to be heard from again...



Back at the campsite Shinai was hysterical. She was screaming as she watched Galna fall. Fallin held her back.

"This is your fault! You knew he was going to do this! How could you let him!" She was crying as she screamed. 

"Yes I knew! I knew what he was planning since long before you returned with the Jaguari...I tried to stop him! But he was right...this was the only way..." Fallin pleaded. Shinai broke down and clung to him, tears flowing down her face. Around them their allies watched as the city burned, everyone of them giving a sign of respect and honor towards their fallen comrade.

"....We all underestimated him...He was just a normal human to us...we were wrong to do so..." Saori spoke.

"...What am I going to do now...Aiden will never forgive me for letting this happen..." Shinai cried.

"It was the human's choice Shinai..." Leila whispered, leaning in to comfort her. "Now it is your job to tell this to this Aiden.....He must know the fate of his friend and of the woman who is carrying his child..." Their onlookers stared in stunned belief. No one outside of Shinai, Saori, and Leila knew about the child. And for it to be half human was unheard of until now. Shinai nodded...knowing she had no choice. She would find Aiden and she would tell him everything...after that...he would have to decide.

A month passed. The dead were berried and the living were staring to recover. Kai and Leon were slowly starting to recover, occasionally being seen holding hands only to be yelling at each other shortly after. Ruma and Talon were staying behind to recover the remaining dead. Shane and Tao were working on the return trip to the Waren village. Leila and Kobe were helping the remaining wounded, Saori and Gale were reorganizing the Jaguari. Yu and Bailey were already returning to the forest and Fallin was spending time negotiating with Nora. Shinai took one last look at her friends and bowed. She would miss all of them but it was time for her to find Aiden...

Elsewhere, half way across the continent Aiden just finished another job...with every finished job he left a Vestari symbol at each inn, hoping to lead her to him.

-   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -  

5 years later...

A four year old boy with dark skin, jet black hair and a cats tail ran down the side street. He was carrying a large basket of fresh fruit nearly 2 thirds his size. He couldn't wait to get home. He exited the town and continued up through the small forest to the east. When he reached his small home he quickened his steps, especially when he saw his mother working in the garden.

"Maaaaa!! Hey Mom!" He called out eagerly. His bright crimson eyes were glowing.

"Kaiden, how many times have I told you not to yell." Shinai turned to face her son and burst out laughing. All you could see of the handsome boy was a mop of hair, bright red eyes and a huge basket of fruit. "Where did you get that?"

"Old Lady Desna gave it to me. Can you make those yummy sweets with them?" He asked eagerly, his tail waving behind him. She laughed as she took the basket, doing a little dance as she did it.

"Oh I don't know, you've been a troublemaker all week." She teased.

"No I haven't really!" He pleaded.

"Oh really? Then who was it that destroyed my tomatoes?"

"Ahh ma you know I hate those things, you can't fault me for that" He pleaded. She giggled at his answer.

"Just like your father...alright I'll make some tonight, but only if you go clean your room. Well go on then..." She smiled as he raced into the house. She sighed and looked up at the sky. "Aiden...I miss you..." She turned and entered her home.

Back at the village inn Aiden checked himself in. He would be waiting on a new client for a few days and he was tired. He sat at the bar and ordered a drink.

"The strongest thing you have." He told the man.

"You got it....well I never thought I'd see anyone else with those red eyes." The bartender said while pouring a glass.

"What did you say?"

"I didn't mean to offend you sir.."

"No, no, what did you say about another having the same color eyes as me."

"Yes sir, a little Tike that comes through here every once in awhile. He lives somewhere outside of town."

"A boy?..." That was impossible. Aiden thought. There wouldn't be anymore Vestari left, especially children. He took his drink and spent the next few days learning about this red eyed boy.

A week passes and he had learned nothing. His client was arriving today. He walked through the town, his cloaked appearance was now a usual site to the locals. He was about to return to the inn when he saw a glimpse of a Katsari child running through the streets.

"...Strange...Katsari don't stay near humans..." He found himself following the boy. He saw him duck through ally ways and merchant shops, he actually had to run to keep up with him. 

"Geez this kid can move..." He was turning into one of the back alleys when he was nearly hit in the face by a cane. "Holy crap" He dodged it but just barely.

"Who are you! Why are you chase'n me!" The boy yelled. Aiden blinked and blinked again. He was starring at his spitting image. In the form of a Katsari boy.

"Holy crap..."

"Well, why you doin it? He asked again.

"I wanted to see if it was true..." Aiden replied honestly.

"...huh?" the boy lowered his weapon. "What do you mean mister?"

"Ah well..." He pulled his hood back enough to show the boy his eyes.



"Wow...I thought I was the only one...Mama's gotta see this. Come with me" The boy declared.

"Hey wait, kid I can't just go running ...Whoa.." The boy had grabbed hold of his hand and took off. There was no way this kid was a normal Katsari. He had absolutely no trouble taking hold of him. The boy took him right out of town. "Listen kid, I have somewhere I need to be..." The boy ignored him. Ahead of them, hidden within the trees was a small cottage. "You live out here?"

This time the boy answered him. 'Yup! When I was born my mama had this place built. It's just the two of us! Hey Ma!! Mama I brought someone!" The boy called out.

"Kaiden, How many times have I told you not to bring people..." Shinai had came from inside the cottage but when she got a look at the stranger she had froze.

"Ah come on mom! He's got the same eyes as me see!" He turned to the man. "Hey go ahead and show her mister, its ok" He whispered up at him. Aiden nodded, to dumbfounded to say anything. He lowered his hood completely, starring ahead at the woman he had been longing for.

"Oh god...Aiden!!" She ran to him and through her arms around him weeping for joy.

"You know him mama? He looks just like me." Kaiden asked. His mother was far to fond of this stranger.

Shinai laughed still clinging to Aiden. "Yes baby, this is your daddy." She sniffed.

"Huh? You mean the an you were looking for when I was in your belly? Well what took you so long?" Kaiden asked. "Mama's been waiting you know!" His tiny hands were on his hips. Aiden found himself laughing at his own image. 

"My god are you my clone little one?" He asked, bending down to the boy. "You are four now...then your old enough to learn a Vestari tradition...do you want to know what it is?" He asked the boy. 

"alright...what is it?' The boy asked skeptically.

"Hold on let me get it..."He opened a bag that he had carried with him since long before he had even met Shinai and pulled out a very old sling shot. "You see, Vestari are just as much warriors as the Katsari are. As boys we learn how to shoot one of these to hunt fruit and small animals." He put a stone in the slink and aimed at an apple in a tree above them. He fired and knocked it right out. When Kaiden caught the apple a small pebble sized hole had gone right through.

"Wow...that was cool! But you know, you could have just climbed the tree like I do..." The boy said as he examined it. Aiden started to laugh again

"That is true, but that defeats the purpose...why don't you give it a try?" He asked, handing the boy the sling shot. Kaiden grinned and ran off.

"...You named him Kaiden?" He asked her.

"Yes...I knew you wouldn't have wanted to call him Jr. Heh. I still wanted him to have a part of you though..."

"He looks like trouble" He said fondly.

"You have no idea...Aiden there is something you should know...about what happened to Galna..."

"I already know. Hawk told me about it about a year ago"

"Wait, what?! Aiden, Hawkens is dead. He died in the explosion."

"No...He sent word through his usual contacts. It was definitely Hawkens. But that's no longer important." He pulled her to him. "I missed you..."

"Me too..." She clung to her mate, afraid he might vanish.

"Hey no funny business!" Kaiden yelled. "I don't trust you yet!" he called back to them. Aiden started laughing again. 

"He's going to be work isn't he?" He asked her.

"Oh yes. And you deserve every minute." She nuzzled his neck.

A week would pass before Aiden and Shinai would be alone. Kaiden had followed his father everywhere. Half amazed by the man and half suspicious. He had even slept between the two of them, keeping his eye on the man who shared his face. Shinai had a kick out of it but Aiden was starting to get frustrated. It was only after the boy had gotten hurt and Aiden had told him the story if the Vestari gladiators did things start warming up between them. The boy became obsessed with these unknown warriors and after a few more stories he started running off to play gladiators. 

"Alone at last..." Shinai said as she watched her son run off. She jumped slightly when Aiden grabbed her from behind. "Aiden!" She squealed. He had her pressed against the kitchen counter and small window. 

"You can keep watch...I've waited to long to have you..." He muttered against her neck. He pushed her skirt up to her waist and ripped off her panties.

"Oh god Aiden!" She couldn't turn around. He held her fast and secure. He tore off her shirt and yanked off her bra.

"I'm not used to you wearing all of these clothes Shinai...I am enjoying ripping them off." He whispered behind her ear. She shivered. With a wicked grin he yanked her tail up. She hissed and fell forward even more. Her naked breasts pressed hard against the cold stone of the counter. 

"Damn it Aiden!" She screamed against the stone. She felt him lift her waist higher and higher until even her face was against the tile. "Aiden what are you...Oh my god!" His tongue slipped between her legs, sliding slowly up into her pussy. She started whimpering. It had been so long since he last touched her. Her legs quivered as an orgasm washed over her. 

"Mmm" Aiden licked up her orgasm slowly before puling away. He heard a cry of protest from her but he quickly silenced it. With one deep thrust his shaft into her wet pussy from behind, savoring her moans of pleasure. He moved slowly, enjoying the tormenting tight feel of her. With each thrust she moaned and gasped, begging him to go faster. "God you feel god Baby." He said between clenched teeth. 

"Aiden you have to hurry! Kaiden can come home at any moment!" She pleaded. She felt dizzy and out of breath. 

"Ah the dangers of young parents..." He teased. "Well then perhaps we should do one of your favorites, hm?" He pulled out of her pussy and pushed into her ass. She screamed out in pure bliss as he pounded into her. With each thrust she thrust back, pushing off the counter top as much as he'd let her. 

"Oh god, oh god." she kept chanting it like a prayer. With each thrust she came closer to coming. 

Aiden yelled out a curse. His own body was close to release. She squirmed under him, tightening her ass and sending them both over the edge. He pumped his seed deep into her ass as her own cum dripped down her legs. When they finished he lay over her as he caught his breath. 

"What's the matter human, getting tired?" She teased.

He growled and swept her into his arms and through her over his shoulder. "We'll see who's tired when I am done with you Cat." 

She burst out laughing, pretending to protest as he carried her off into her bedroom...no not anymore...it was theirs now...and it will stay that way for the rest of their lives...as long as Kaiden stayed in his room. She laughed at the thought. Yes...it will be the three of them from now on...

"Aiden...I want more children..."

The End...





Ok so I lied. I did put sex in at the end Heh. Truthfully I felt bad about not adding more sex in the last chapter but I had a lot going on. All in all I had a blast writing this series. For those of you who are demanding to know about Hawks fate I have decided to add a side story for you all. I am also thinking of adding a small story on a much older Kaiden but I'll only do it if enough people ask about it. Otherwise I will be completely ending it with Hawkens. Let me know what you think about it!! Duzzel 