  The Red Moon's Power

 First I would like to say hi to all who read this. So, Hi! I'm Duzzel and there are two things you should know about me before we get started. 1. This is my first time posting any of my stories online so I'm bound to make stupid mistakes. (in my case, MANY stupid mistakes) And 2. I am absolutely horrible with grammar and spelling. 

( funny an't it? I love to write but suck at spelling) Ok so now to the fun part. 

 I'm going to start off with a little background information on the races of this world. So here goes…

 First are the humans….need I say more? Followed by the much more interesting Vestari. Now the Vestari are mortal and are actually just very rare and powerful human men. They are born with crimson red eyes, but the rest of there physical features are as varied as the people who bore them. They have inhuman strength and speed and are looked upon as gladiators of the gods.

 Next are the Katsari, who are feline shape shifters. The Katsari are split between four separate clans. The Tigaree; who are predominately a large group of male hunters with very few female of their own. The Jaguari; who are mostly made up of female hunters. The Lepari; who are made up of equal female and male hunters. And finally the most powerful Panzarz; loners by nature they are only seen when they are on the prowl for mates or planning on making whoever sees them their nest meal. needless to say they all shift into the great cats that share their namesake. Oddly enough known of these beautiful beings even know about each other, for their homes are separated by vast deserts and uncharted lands.

 Finally come the Sentari, reptile type creatures that are beyond sex crazed, they thrive on dominating upon the other races and run the largest slave trade in the world. Their favorite victims are the Katsari for there weakness of the red moon, which is the night every female of there kind goes into an uncontrollable sex crazed heat in order to impregnate themselves. This is where my story begins….

- - - - - - -

Shinai ran through the trees that made up the home of the Jaguari in her shifted form. Her lean muscles moving with fierce power as she raced towards the screams of her sisters. The huntress moved ruthlessly through the jungle to reach the source. She reached the edge of her homeland and was forced to stop, her golden eyes watched in horror as the Sentari chained four of her people and threw them in cages. Each one of them were badly hurt, for none of them would have been taken easily. She moaned to herself and looked around for aid. No one was near. She was forced to watch the monsters leave with her sisters screaming for help. There were just to many for her to take down alone. She raced back to her hidden village to gather aid from Mother Chief the head of her clan.

By the time she had arrived she was gasping for air at the Mother's tent. She shifted slowly in order to catch her breath and now where a powerful beast had stood was a women as naked as the day she was born. Shinai was tall, lean, and all muscle. She had smooth curved hips, a thin well toned stomach and beautiful well formed breasts graced with lightly darkened nipples already hard from her run. Not an ounce of extra fat was on her graceful body. Her skin was a golden tan, her head and womanhood covered by silky smooth black hair. Her golden eyes looked urgently at the guard of the tent.

"I need to see the Mother at once! It is urgent." She spoke with a husky voice now gasping for air. The woman looked her up and down. 

"You may wish to dress yourself young one, or her mother might get another idea." she said.

"There is no time, I beg you! Our sisters are in danger!"

The guard stepped aside and pushed the flap open for the girl. Shinai entered the tent to see two of the younger girls on their hands and knees in front of their seated Mother Chief as naked as she was. Both girls eyes were glazed and their mouths parted as their Mother finger fucked their asses leisurely. The Mother Chief was a well formed older woman that the males still hungered for to this day.Her pale gold eyes looked at Shinai with a hungry gleam. 

"Ah my child, come, join your sisters in their lessons." she spoke sweetly.

"There is no time Mother, our sisters have been taken by the Sentari! We must hurry to their aid." She looked at her with sorrow in her eyes, never pulling her hands from the girls. 

"I am sorry child, but all those taken by the Sentari are lost to us, no one has ever escaped or succeeded with a rescue." Shinai could not believe her ears, her beloved Mother Chief was abandoning her sister hunters. She begged and pleaded with her to reconsider but it never came. 

"Very well Mother, I will go on my own." Shinai stood up and turned to leave. 

"If you leave child, you may never return." The Mother warned her. She sighed and bid farewell to her and went to her own tent, as she was leaving she heard the gasps and moans of the two girls cumming at their mother's hands. She entered her tent and readied herself for the journey, gathering her favorite knives and long daggers. She slid on her thin black panties and matching tight strapless bra followed by the black leather straps. They wrapped around her right shoulder and tightly wound their way around her breasts holding them firmly to her chest and continued to curve around her body in a crisscrossed fashion, binding her crotch and ass checks to end just over her left knee. She fit her weapons into their rightful paces wrapping her cloak around her body and covering her face with its hood she was off. Forcing herself to never once look back on the home she had known all her life. She needed to find out where the Sentari take their new slaves and how to free them. She sighed with regret. She would need to speak with the humans.

- - - - - - - - -

Aiden sat at the end of the inn's bar drinking his beer slowly. His crimson eyes assessed the room around him under his hooded cloak. He watched as old men squeezed the waitresses ass whenever she passed them. He watched as a group of loud drunks were cursing the world. He was aware that an assassin sat two tables to his left ready to strike anyone who looked at him suspiciously. He knew the smell of a woman's hot cum was from the whore at the bar, a large mans hands ruthlessly fucking her pussy in the crowed, so shore no one was watching. He smirked to himself. Being what he was he could read a crowded room in a blink of an eye and know exactly what every one of them were doing. The pretty bartender with the large bursting breasts poured him more beer.

"You want anything else sugar?" she asked in a very obvious tone. She had been watching him since he sat down and it didn't take him long for him to learn the bartender had a huge thing with fucking the new customers, man or women. He actually thought about the offer. He was here for a job and his client was late, plus Aiden hadn't had a good fuck for several days now. He glanced at his watch and decided on it, gesturing to the slut with his finger to come closer he leaned into her ear. 

"I have 10 minutes." He spoke quickly and softly, giving away no emotion. Well needless to say the whore grinned and came around the bar taking the man's hand and leading him to the back storage room. The moment the door closed he pinned the slut roughly against it, pulling her breasts free and taking one into his mouth squeezing and rubbing her other nipple. The whore gasped with pleasure and moaned as the sent of her desires filled the small room. He pulled his hand free and undid his breeches, letting out a moan as his huge cock came free. Being A Vestari, Aiden had an almost unnaturally sized cock, long, large, and thick. Plus he wasn't even close to aching. 

Truth be told, He only ever once ached so hard for a woman that his veins popped out of his skin, that was when he was young and during his first time. Now he just calmly ripped the woman's underwear free and pushed her legs up off the ground, ramming his cock into her pussy. She would have screamed if his mouth hadn't covered hers silencing her. He fucked her ruthlessly until she came so hard her knees started to shake. He grunted and continued to ram her till his seed erupted into her and then just pulled out and redid his leather breeches. 

"Time's up Hun." Was all he said to her. She looked up at him with glazed eyes as she fell to her knees no longer able to stand. He pushed the door open and closed it behind him almost mockingly. The whore would be pregnant after that, Vestari seed was very potent since there were so few left and Aiden knew she deserved it. Jumping at every stranger coming through the door. He sat back down in his seat and waited as if nothing happened. The slut never came out of storage room that night.

- - - - - - - - -

Shinai entered the human inn with distrust and disgust hidden behind her hooded face. She had finally found someone who could take her to the Sentari capital where she had learned was where the slave market stood. She had reached her guide through another and doubted he would even be among these nasty people. She prayed he wasn't one of them. She went to the innkeeper and gave a name.

"Arrossire" Was all she said to the man. He nodded and pointed to the back of the bar. She moaned inwardly, she had hoped she had come to the wrong place. She went over to the clocked figure moving more confidently then she felt.

Aiden knew the moment the cloaked woman entered the inn was his client. He had not known she was a woman until she arrived but he had heard his name as barely a whisper in the laud room. He noticed how silently she walked and how she was almost as aware of her surroundings as he was. She stopped in front of his table and was about to speck. Aiden cut her off.

"Know this, madam, I am not cheap, I work only for gold and do not bother with hopeless causes, unless VERY motivated." he then continued to drink his beer. The woman tilted her cloaked head, slightly taken back by his abrupt manner but sat across him nun the less. Shinai had been startled by the man's voice, quick and to the point with power behind every word. If she were a human woman she would not want anything to do with this man but being a huntress, who was used to being around much weaker men found him more to her licking then she had first intended. 

"Very well, I need a guide to take me safely to and from the Sentari Capital in order to rescue my comrades." She spoke softly so only he would hear. Aiden was hit hard by her soft sexy voice that held no fear and it took him a moment to register what she had said. He blinked. 

"Are you out of your mind? They'll just add you to their collection." 

"You will not guide me then?" she asked sighing. "Then where can I find someone who will, when I had asked they had said only you would try such a thing." she watched the man's movements not able to read his face. He gave nothing away.

"Their right, I am the only one, but that was when we had an army of men to back us up, from what I now there is only you."

Shinai lifted her head startled and pulled back her hood. "You have done this before?" she asked with amazement. Aiden was just as startled a she was, but for a completely different reason. He stared into the face of the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Her eyes, liquid gold blinked at him. He regained himself slowly. 

"Yes, I was part of a rescue mission to save Princess Yaunli of Daimara. The Sentari made the mistake of taking royalty and paid a great price for it." She looked at him with interest. 

"Since you are here I take it you succeeded?" she asked.

"To a degree, we rescued the girl at the cost of more than half of the men we had brought with us, including the crown prince. Plus the poor girl had already been ravaged and used to the point of barely coming out with her sanity." He spoke with no emotion but if she could have seen his eyes she would not have questioned his remorse. She pulled out her purse disgusted with the man's lack of remorse; not even the humans deserved this. She threw the bag of gold coins onto the table. 

"All of it is yours if you take me there and back, you do not need to aid in my rescue." He eyes were cold and hard when she looked at him. This woman would be dead in seconds without him guiding her, but to do this on their own was suicide. 

"I will take the job on one condition. You let me call in some friends of mine, mind you; you'll have to pay them as well." She watched him slowly, and admitted to herself she needed aid and she had enough gold to hire two more men with some to spare for her own needs. 

"I can hire two more, no more" He nodded and got up from his seat. 

"I suggest you get a room for the night while I send a few messages." She watched him go, despite her dislike for the man himself, her body became aroused at the man's smooth powerful stride. He was not someone even she would fight in battle willingly. She got up and took his advice.

- - - - - - - -

The next morning she was greeted with a load knock on her door, not bothering with the cloak she opened it to a tall man with lean firm muscles, olive skin, slightly wild dark hair and the most astounding crimson eyes she had ever seen. Aiden coughed into his hand to snap her out of it, as much as he enjoyed her easement of his body they had work to do. 

"We need to get moving kitten." He spoke in the same tone he had the night before. Shinai's eyes widened as she realized it was the man she had hired just the night before. 

" Mr. Arrossire" Aiden's face stayed relaxed but his eyes danced with amusement. 

"It's Aiden, and we need to move if we want to get to the meeting spot for my friends." he turned and headed back to his room. 

She looked outside and realized the sun would not even rise for another two hours. He's an early riser for a human. She thought. They left the inn quietly starting out slowly to stretch their stiff legs. They both wore their cloaks but had not bothered with their hoods. He picked up the pace and she was startle at how fast he could move. The more playful side of her wondered if she could race him. It was half way through the day before she broke the silence. 

"You know, you never even asked for my name." Aiden looked back at her with his emotionless face and spoke in his matter of fact tone that he always did. 

"Most of my clients prefer not to so I just don't ask anymore." 

"Well I'm not one of them, It's Shinai" For the first time since she had met him a smirk crossed his lips and caused her to stop walking. 

"Not a bad name." Was all he said as he continued to move onward.

Shinai watched his back completely taken back by the strange flip her insides had done at the man's smile. It was absurd. She was a Jaguari, a huntress no man could claim. Yet here right before her was someone who made her blood boil and her body ach in ways she had never known. And he was human no less! Even worse, she didn't even like him, the way he had talked with his emotionless voice of his fallen comrades made her feel sick. How could she want him?! Thoughts raced through her head causing her to slow her pace, Aiden looked back at her and their eyes met. She stopped breathing. 

"We don't have all day now" He called out. Grumbling to her pathetic self she picked up her pace.

Aiden was not having as easy a time with this woman as he thought. He could feel her eyes on his back and it was maddening. He wanted her more then he wanted to breathe, but he had a strict policy not to get involved with clients and he was cursing himself for it. He could not wait to reach his comrades; they could distract him from fantasizing about Shinai. He almost laughed out loud thinking of Hawkens, A young man with an extraordinary mind. He could outsmart any opponent and out maneuver the largest of armies. He was human as far as Aiden knew and did not care either way. Hawkens was a man he needed for this job, which covered the brains. His second comrade was a man he trusted with his life, which is nothing more than extraordinary for a Vestari. Lucifer was a Panzarz and a powerful one. He had come across the hunter accidentally and sometime afterwards Aiden had saved his life. For a Panzarz that meant He would owe him for the rest of his life and therefore always came when Aiden called. He wondered what his Kitten would think about meeting another of her kind. He knew none of the clans even know about each other outside the few that wonder among men. They continued on until night fell where they made camp and he kept a healthy distance from her. 

"Can your friends really make such a difference?" She had broken the nights silence again. Aiden smiled at her, a real smile, not a simple smirk and watched as her golden eyes widened again and her lips part slightly. He felt a groan about to break his lips. God she had to stop looking at him like that whenever he showed emotion. 

"There are no one else I'd trust with a job like this. If anyone could make your plan possible it's them. And before you start to think that we're wasting time you should know their meeting us along our route." He turned away to stare at the fire. "We'll reach them in four days, and then the hard part comes."

Shinai watched him over the firelight. His eyes looked as if they were glowing and her body immediately responded. She felt her thighs begin to dampen and her mind had wandered into thinking what it would be like to wrap her thighs around his well made waist and claim his mouth. She shook herself out of her trance and looked up at the sky. In two nights the red moon would come and she could do nothing about it. She would have to distance herself from him when the time comes, perhaps bind herself to a tree. But then her thoughts wandered again. 

What if you just let it happen? You've never laid with a man before, only the women of your clan. You want him, so take him. He would give you strong cubs that you would be proud to bare, besides, even if you survive the first moon's rising what would become of you within the 3 months before the next one? By then you would be escaping with four of your sisters and two other males. You want to make sure it's the one you want. She shook her head again trying to end the thoughts. But she also knew the truth to her thoughts. On the red moon's rising Katsari women completely lose their minds in heat and fuck anything they can until the need subsides. Whether it be man or woman when a huntress is in heat it does not matter and even if she does not wish it herself she'd have absolutely no control of herself. And then images began to flash in her mind.

 Aiden was pushing her back onto the soft grass, freeing her breasts from their leather containments, pushing up her bra and started milking her nipple with his mouth putting pressure to the other with his hand. Her dream self screamed out in ecstasy as her hips began to press against him. He moved up to claim her lips with his own, nipping and sucking on her plump lower lip…

"….. We'll need to move fast and quick when we enter the capital." His voice broke the spell her mind was weaving and she blinked breathing in a deep rough breath of air into her lungs. "Are you even listening?" he asked her. She just nodded.

Aiden groaned inward. The way her eyes had been glazed over for the last 10 minutes made him wish he knew what she was thinking. He bit his lower lip briefly before telling her to call it a night and get some sleep. She nodded wordlessly and wrapped her cloak around her as she lay back onto the ground, her eyes not leaving his. 

"You're not going to sleep?" she asked in that sexy voice of hers. He looked away before speaking. "No kitten, I'm keeping watch tonight." Too tired to argue she closed her eyes and drifted to sleep. He groaned out loud and settled himself to watching her chest slowly raise and fall to her breathing. He was going insane.
