 One again, I would like to thank Drenkara, you're a genius! I would also like to thank everyone for their suggestions; they've really helped me out. That includes you Nerotoxin. Enjoy.

*

It took two more days for the group to finally make it out of the forest. Shinai noticed that with every step, Kai was having difficulties. The woman had no idea how important it was for her to be there now. When the time was right, she would lead them back to the Waren, but that was for when they were ready. She hated to say it but the girl would have to just suck it up for now. On the other side of the Forest were vast fields of green and gold, the sight was breath taking. Her more playful side wanted nothing more than to run through the tall grass as a beast. She turned to thank the young Waren but it seemed Yu beat her to it. The young warrior had her arms around his neck kissing him. She shook her head and motioned for the others to give them some space.

Yu pulled away, looked into his slightly glazed eyes and smiled. "I guess this is good bye huh?" she asked. Bailey let a small growl escape his lips. He'd been told to let her go by the elder. Since he had not claimed her within the village, he had ordered it. Something to do with a fate he could not see. Bailey wished he had ignored them.

"I'm sorry Yu...I wanted to do or say something but...I knew you had a purpose elsewhere. Shinai and the others will need you soon, and I would be a huge distraction." She looked at him like he was crazy. "Trust me on this." He nibbled on her ear and handed her a small whistle much like the one Aiden had. "This one only I can hear. Kind of like a personal dog whistle Heh. If you ever want to come back here, just blow on it and I'll find you. However, I'll warn you now, when I get to you, I won't be letting you go again." He nuzzled her neck before pulling away and saying good bye to the others. He knew Aiden and Lucifer would never come back to these parts again and hugged them tightly. Those two were almost done with their role, the elder told him. Which really could mean two things; they would either die soon or leave for another journey. He prayed it was the second. He said his goodbyes to the girls and Hawkens, knowing he would see them all again in the near future at least one more time. 

"A war is coming... and it won't be long before even the Fairiee get involved..." His elder had told him before they left. Bailey took one last look at Yu before disappearing back into the forest. She watched him leave.

"Alright so the next stop is the Tigaree, they're nomadic so this isn't going to be easy unless..." Hawk turned to the girls. "Would one of you girls mind shifting and running around a bit? If those guys sense a female, they'll come to us." He looked at them. Ruma was the one who volunteered.

"It's been a long time since I ran around, and I'm used to male hunters." She started to remove her clothing.

"Alright but I want you to be careful; I met a Tigaree hunter and to be honest, he scared the hell out of me. He was a lot bigger, and there are a lot more of them here." Hawkens warned. She nodded and stood completely naked before shifting into her leopard form, shaking out her fur. In a matter of minutes she was off running at full speed through the grass, vanishing from sight.

"I really hope she knows what she's doing..." Aiden pointed out.

-------------

Ruma loved the feel of running at full power. Her senses came alive as new smells filled the air. She ran through the fields and into a smaller forest, the scent reminded her of home. These woods were nothing like the ones they just left. She was so engrossed in her run that she did not notice she was being followed.

Raj grinned when he saw the female running through his territory. He looked at his partner Talon who was also watching the cat. With the exception of Panzarz, the Tigaree clans were the most powerful of the Katsari. The males were larger than most. They stood almost 7 foot tall with large muscular bodies that didn't hold an inch of body fat. Their skin was a deep golden tan similar to the Jaguari; however, what made them different were the strip-like birth marks that randomly scattered over their bodies. Their eyes were deep shades of gold or blue and their hair was either black as night or light as day. What made these Katsari so dangerous wasn't their size or their physical strength; however, it was the survival instinct they were born with. Unlike the rest of the clans, the Tigaree always had a very large amount of males over women. In order for them to survive, they could call any female woman to them when they looked deep into their eyes, whether she was human or Katsari. They could also impregnate any female, not just their mates. This is what allowed the clans to survive which allowed them to live for so long. 

Raj was a large blonde man, and his partner was black. They shifted into their beast forms and ran after her like a game of cat and mouse. Only the mouse wouldn't know they were there until it was too late. With any luck, one of them would bring back a new mate but regardless both of them would have their way with the pretty thing. He growled signaling Talon to move to the other side. His friend nodded and went where he was told.

Talon was the swifter of the two; he kept on her silently, careful not to alert her of his presence. Unlike his partner he was a man of few words. He rarely spoke unless necessary so when he did say anything it was heard. He followed her like a hidden shadow, moving as she did.

By the time Ruma reached a small spring her muscles were sore and her body aroused. She leaped into the water letting the cold water cool her down. She went in a leopard and emerged a naked woman, her chest heaving up and down with each breath she took. She swam for a few moments when she noticed another scent and shot up. She looked around for its owner and froze at two pairs of glowing golden eyes. She took a deep breath trying to calm her nerves but the eyes held her captive. She blinked as she heard a voice deep inside her head.

"Hello little kitty..." the voice whispered into her head. As she stared, the two cats became two large, naked men. "Come here kitty. We want to play." The voice whispered. As if she were a puppet on strings, she found herself crawling on all fours towards the two men. The blonde one smiled. She moved until she sat at their feet waiting for another command. It was like nothing Ruma had ever felt before. She knew exactly what she was doing, but could do nothing against it. Her eyes landed on the dark haired one, and something triggered in the back of her head. She wanted to please this man; she wanted to do anything for him. The voice continued, but she knew immediately it was the blonde man speaking, not the dark one.

"Now little kitty, come here and suck my cock. When you are done, you will suck my friends." The voice demanded into her head. She crawled over to him and took him into her mouth sucking on it like a favorite piece of candy. She licked and nibbled until the man pushed her off, and she crawled over to the dark haired man. She was overwhelmed with his taste; it was like something she needed more than air. She took her time with this one, sucking and licking in all the right places. The man let out a throaty moan and slid his hands though her hair. She felt hands on her waist and made a little yelp of pleasure as she felt a mouth on her pussy. As she licked the dark man, the blonde licked her. Her nerves were on overdrive as she felt an orgasm take her. She let out a scream as she came only to have her mouth claimed by the mouth of the dark one. She purred with delight, wrapping her arms around his neck. Soon, she felt the blondes cock inside of her pussy, and she let out small gasps of approval. 

"Get back to sucking his cock bitch" the voice growled into her head. She could not believe how much she was enjoying two men. She had never wanted men before; never thought they were worth anything until now. She obeyed the order and brought her mouth back on the other mans dick. God he tasted so damn good.

Raj had definitely noticed the cat's desire for Talon and he grinned. Before the night was up, his partner would easily have a mate. First, he was going to enjoy her himself. He continued to pump his cock deep inside her, watching as she spasamed from her own orgasms. He spilled his seed deep inside of her just as Talon poured his down her tight mouth.

"Now my Kitten; sit him back and ride his cock while you face me." Raj ordered. She obeyed him, her eyes glazing over at the feel of Talon inside her. She was definitely the man's mate. Talon was clutching his fists into the dirt to keep from over powering her. He didn't have to read minds to know what he wanted. Raj filled her mouth with his own cock again and pumped at the same pace she was riding Talon, enjoying the feel of her as she moaned against him. He continued to fuck her mouth until he felt Talons body squirm needing to release his seed. Raj pulled out of the girl's mouth and ordered her off of Talon. She crawled off reluctantly, wanting more.

"Stay on your hands and knees; my friend is going to take your ass." He ordered. She obeyed, but her eyes widened at what he said. He wanted the other man to claim her... Talon looked at Raj, unsure if he should claim her as his but Raj grinned. This one was his. Talon moved forward and licked her ass, savoring her taste before plunging his thick cock deep inside her. She screamed out in pain, panting for breath. Raj didn't give her a moment; he pulled her up to face him, and pushed his own cock deep into her pussy. She whimpered as that last thrust pushed Talon's cock all the way into her ass. She roared against Raj's chest as both men sandwiched her between them. 

She felt her new mate's mouth nipping at her collar and the blonde's mouth on hers. Each man had a breast in their hand, squeezing and pinching them. She moaned as her body climaxed between them. She had never felt so full in her life. She felt them lick and nip at her skin as she stretched her limbs. They were like this for 20 minutes before she felt both men's cum fill her, sending her onto another climax before all three of them collapsed to the ground breathing hard.

"So Kitten how'd you get here?" She heard the blonde man actually speak out loud for the first time. His voice was warm, but a little rough like most male Katsari.

"I have been looking for you actually. I was sent out here to lure some Tigaree out so we could meet you." She said breathlessly against her new mate. "Is it too late for names?" she asked with a laugh.

"It's Raj" he laughed. "My partner's ..." Talon cut him off before he could finish, wanting to tell her himself.

"Talon" To Ruma his voice was like music to her ears. Her toes curled and she nipped at his ear.

"I'm Ruma" she said.

"He's a man of few words; you said there were more of you?" Raj asked. 

Ruma kept her eyes on Talon as she answered him. He was running his fingers over her skin leisurely. "Yeah, we just came from the Sentari capital, me and some other girls they had planned on selling. Before you ask, most of them are already claimed. We were hoping to get your help."

"Well then. Your friends will be worried, and we're late checking in with the Head." Raj stood, helping Ruma up, she nodded and they all shifted back into their beast forms and headed towards the forbidden forest. 

-------------

Shinai and the others had been waiting for hours and were growing worried. She stood up when she saw movement coming towards them. Out of the fields Ruma and two giant Tigers emerged. Using the same graceful movements the three of them took human forms and stepped forward. Shinai could only gulp at the size of them. They looked like they could easily mach Aiden and Lucifer. She noticed how Ruma kept some physical contact with the dark haired one.

Aiden took a step forward, standing between Shinai and the two men. "We come seeking your help." He said calmly. The same way he spoke the first time he had met Lucifer.

Raj scanned the group, but his attentions were not on the women this time, they were on the Panzar and the strange smelling human; not the blonde one, the darker one. Both men looked like they could be more than a match for him and his partner. "Your lady friend told us. Our Head hunter would have to ok it, but most outsiders are welcome among us as long as you do not threaten us." He told them. The dark human nodded.

"This will be where we part Aiden." Lucifer spoke for the first time in a long while, standing next to his old friend. "I know what's coming, and I don't want my woman near this." His large hand held Talli's much smaller one protectively.

Aiden smiled at his old friend. He knew he'd run into the man in the future, and clasped him into a hug. Even Hawk hugged the man goodbye. Shinai turned to her sister Jaguari.

"Are you sure?" She asked the smaller girl.

Talli nodded. "Yes, my place is with him. I don't think I could be much help here anyways." She said in her sweet voice. With a big hug Shinai said goodbye and the two of them shifted. With one last look at their friends they turned and ran east, far away from what was coming. With that, Shinai turned to the Tigaree men.

"We are looking for aid in taking down the Sentari once and for all. Would your clan be interested?"She asked them, getting down to the point. Both men looked at each other.

"Like I said earlier we would have to speak with our Head...follow us please." They turned and headed back the way they came; this time staying as men. Shinai felt Aiden's hand in hers and squeezed it slightly before letting go. Once they arrived at the Tigaree clan, she would end Aiden's job. She did not want him involved with anymore of this journey. She watched him walk ahead of her and she smiled sadly. He knew he wouldn't be needed for much longer... 

The walk to the Tigaree's hidden village wasn't far. They were well hidden but had access to every point of the woods they called home. The girls saw something none of them were prepared for; nothing but large, beautiful, naked men. Raj approached one of them and Shinai had to blink. He was a little smaller than the others with darker skin but something about him made her think twice about him. From what she sensed he was the strongest among them. The man turned and walked toward them. He wore nothing other than a loincloth to cover him, but that was more than most of the men here. It seemed the Tigaree shifted so much that they had no use for clothes. The man greeted them with a grin that would make normal women swoon. 

"You'll have to forgive the stares, but as you can see we have few women, most of them are treated like royalty among us." He laughed. "Raj has told me why you came, and I have to tell you we want those Sentari bastards as much, if not more than you. My name is Fallin; I am the Head hunter here." He shook a few hands and winked at the girls. 

"I need you to know two things." He continued. "One, I would highly suggest you state whether or not you have a mate somewhere, because these idiots will definitely try something if you say nothing; and two, most importantly, we cannot help you if you don't have at least two of our sister clans to aid us. We are strong, but we are no Vestari." After he said this, Fallin bowed respectably to a very confused Aiden.

"It was long before the Sentari took the Vestari capital when there were so few. No this was probably 200 hundred years earlier. The Vestari were many back then, good friends to our clan. They had managed to suppress the Sentari into the swamp lands, where they stayed in fear until just 30 years ago. It wasn't long after that they took their old enemy's home from them."

"I had not known...." Aiden whispered.

"It was a long time ago my friend." Fallin said.

"If we can get the help of our clans you will aid us?" Shinai asked, going back on topic.

"Absolutely, but you should all rest first. Raj said you came from that forest that surrounds the Sentari capital, and that my friends, is no joke. We will continue this in the morning, come join us for dinner." He gave that grin of his and led his guests to the center of the clan's village where a large bonfire burned brightly. Their homes were made of furs and leather huts to keep the rain out; they looked easy to dismantle when they moved again. 

They were greeted by most of the clan, and Shinai had to suppress a laugh. They'd better take Fallin's word for it and announce they were claimed. She paused and looked at Aiden. Tonight she would have to say good bye to him. She had hoped she wouldn't have to, but she didn't want to dig up any more of his past. When dinner was brought out, Fallin stood next to the fire, and made an announcement to the clan introducing their guests officially. The girls took this chance to announce they were claimed, all but one of them that was. Even Yu declared it although technically it wasn't true. She did not wanted any sexual advances if they weren't from Bailey. Shinai shook her head. The girl that said she wasn't claimed was lonely; her sister had stayed behind with Tao and the Waren. She noticed Aiden watching her as she stood up for her own turn.

"Hello everyone, my name is Shinai, I am a Jaguari hunter and I wish to thank you for your hospitality and generosity towards us. I don't think any of us could ever repay you. I am sorry to say I am claimed so none of you fine boys will have a chance." She saw the men sigh yet again and she laughed silently. "I do have one little note though. My clan is mostly female so if any of you wish to come with me to my sisters, you are more than welcome." The heads shot up, but before there could be uproar about who would go Fallin stepped in again.

"I will go with Shinai along with two others I will assign later" The group sighed again. Shinai laughed out loud this time and took her seat. Hawk introduced himself followed by Aiden, whose eyes never left hers. When he finished he walked over to her and sat down next to her. As he talked with her the food was being served.

"You plan on ending my job tonight don't you?" He asked her. She smiled sadly.

"Yes...I don't want you involved in this Aiden. You've done more than enough."

"I see...well you're the client." She heard a bitter tone in his voice that surprised her.

"You knew it was coming, why are you mad?"

"I am not used to being protected by a woman." He growled. "Especially one I want to protect myself." It was the first time he had mentioned his own feelings since the morning after the red moon. She felt her heart ache.

"Aiden....please, you would distract me and that could be deadly." She whispered.

"Yeah I get it. I won't push at it. Like I said, you're the client." He felt her slip an arm in his and turned to look at her, her head resting on his shoulder.

"I wish we had more time. I really don't want to let you go." She said against him. "Spend the night with me Aiden. Don't make me sleep alone tonight." She said.

Aiden pulled her closer to him fiercely. He knew this could easily be the last time he would see her; even if she survived the war she may just go back home. "Alright, but you have to let me do something for you when I leave." She looked up at him, questions in her eyes. "I have to head towards a known Lepari clan when I leave. I'll take one of these guys and relay your message."

"You sure you want to?" She asked him. "You don't have to do anymore"

"Let me do this for you Shinai...won't you?" 

She smiled and snuggled closer to him. She agreed to let him help but her mind was more focused on the night to come.

"Why did you say you were claimed?" he asked her.

"For all I know I was. Remember, I don't know what happened on the red moon. It doesn't take effect until the second red moon when we mate with humans." Even if she wasn't claimed, she would be after tonight. She would make sure of it. They ate in silence but her nerves jumped every time he would trace his fingers along her skin. After dinner Aiden went to find Hawkens, Shinai watched almost pouting. She wanted all of the man's attentions this last night, but she knew Hawk had to be told. Whether the human genius stayed to help was up to him.
