 This second chapter is by request. I recommend you all first read 'The Recording Studio' from my list of works before reading this Chapter 2.  

The first story completely sets the scene for this one, which will be a little incomplete and confusing otherwise.

Thanks to 2mart4fools for editing and typo hunting. I have freely used her suggestions and ignored others. Any remaining errors are mine.

Please let me know what you think. Thanks.

*

When she came back to her senses, Karen was sitting on the bench, still in her sodden partly lowered panties. Her tee was back down over her breasts. Her knees were wide open. She knew her hair was peeping out all over both sides of her crotch. The smell of her sex was in the air.

Suze smiled and held her hand.

"So, Karen, do you like giving head? Do you like the smell and taste of a cock in your mouth? How about the taste of woman's cunt? Are you a virgin? Have you ever thought of shaving your pussy? What kind of fuck do you like? Doggy? Missionary? Do you like it rough? Smooth? Big and thick, long and skinny, how about black cock fantasies? How about pain? Do you like pain? Have you ever had rape fantasies?" 

Karen looked at her, alarmed, repelled, disgusted.

Bill said, "Bingo! We got a great recording there, Karen." 

"Let me explain," said Suze. "Before you, we tried hiring porn stars, strippers, and other similarly experienced women. They were easy to work with."

Bill said, "But the responses were pretty flat, almost ho – hum. We figured it was because they had done so many sex things publicly, their emotional responses were from flat to non existent."

Suze continued, "But you were brilliant. The recorded signal was really high. We are certain we will have usable stuff for the project."

Karen pulled her panties back up. She felt humiliated. They clung to her outer lips, and felt clammy. She said, "Well, I am no slut to . . ."

"Exactly! Yours were what we hoped for from the beginning. Now we know we need virgins if we can find one, we need people with high moral character. We need conservative views about sex. We need people with high and low libido. We need mainstream people." 

Suze became excited as she looked Karen in the eye. "Would you be willing to come back next week for some more recording?"

Karen blushed fire engine red. "What? More of this? Voluntarily?"

Bill said, "Well Karen, only three people know about what happened here, and it is really for science. We have plans for a self funding way to run our program. 

It will treat sexual dysfunctions. It may even help cure some forms of sex abuse by showing what the other side actually feels. These methods we are developing can treat rape victims, even serial sex offenders by possibly altering the emotional quality of their memories of the experience. Although we haven't got that far yet in our research, the technology implies something might work along those lines."

He lowered his voice, "But we need high quality morality based data. You can't act outrage, you have to feel it. Our porn stars acted outrage and most did even that poorly. They actually felt a sort of numb boredom. You felt outrage when Suze asked those last questions. That is exactly what we need."

"So we are pleading with you to please come back. Please allow us, with the greatest of respect, to outrage you some more. We need to do things to you a normal moral young woman would reject out of hand and be revolted by. And we need to record your reactions."

Suze added, "We know you were sort of obliged to come here today. You will probably write an article about what we are doing here. We are not going to plead with you to change one word of what you write. We won't even ask to see it before it is published. But think, please, about your actual reactions. Think what might come of this scientific development."

Bill finished with, "We will leave you now to dress, and then escort you out of the building. And we sincerely hope you decide to come back next Friday around 6 PM. By the way, here is your new dress to wear. We got your size earlier this evening from your measurements and had it sent over. Your jeans will be replaced later this week"

He grinned and winked at her. "I am sure it fits, I hope you like it."

Karen left a half hour later wearing a crimson dress she never in a million years would have chosen. It was so form fitting her panties showed. Bill told her she should take them off, they ruined the line.

He ran his large hand over her rear as he said it and she skipped aside. Strangely, she was not terribly offended by his action. Was she becoming used to him taking familiarity with her body?

In the office on Monday, Mr. Blass called her over to this office door and said, "I read your piece. Intriguing, and well written. I will start you in Sports on Wednesday, covering women's interest stuff. And basketball.

The rest of Monday and Tuesday went by in a daze. Karen sat on a bench in the sun eating her sandwich on Tuesday reliving the sensations of Bill snuffling at her cunt. The sun shone bright and warm on her, and she watched and felt the light hairs on her forearm wave in the cool breeze. The sensation reminded her of the feelings rushing on her skin just before she climaxed. She felt herself become damp in her panties.

Putting those thoughts aside, she walked quickly back to the office where she wiped herself in the Ladies'. Her scent of arousal filled the tiny cubicle. She decided to get rid of the panties . She knew they would radiate that scent all afternoon. She wrapped them in a doubled tampon bag and stuffed them deep in to her purse.

All the rest of the afternoon she was intensely aware she was nude beneath her dress. The situation kept her labia warm and slick. The fear of discovery kept her libido in check. She avoided passing close to the window where she would be backlit. 

Thinking on it, she found the balance of arousal and terror also arousing and curiously satisfying in a different way. Her nipples were not quite tightly erect but definitely sensitized and up a bit. She thanked god for her bra that day which was wired and filled with padding. She had bought it partly to cover her tendency to erect spontaneously as well as to fill out her figure a bit.

She called the Green Room about her jeans realizing all the while that her question about when they were planning to replace her jeans was a lame excuse. She hoped to hear Bill's voice again.

As luck would have it, Bill answered the phone. He seemed very pleased to hear from her. "We were planning to send you the jeans on Thursday by messenger, if that's OK. Can I tell Suze to expect you on Friday? There are some panties I'd like to include, if you'll wear them with the jeans."

"Just the jeans, please," Karen replied curtly. "and I don't know if I'll be able to make it on Friday."

At home in the evening thoughts about her feelings the previous Friday kept her distracted. She started imagining Bill as her first man. She liked his dancing, and his cool self confidence, the restraint he showed as the various experiments stimulated her made him a man she felt she could trust even though he has such a weird disgusting sort of job.

In bed, she imagined what Bill would demand. She got out of bed and stripped off her pajamas. In the dim glow of the night light she could see herself moving in the vanity mirror. A tall, lanky woman with a stark bush of hair at her groin, small breasts and dark areolas with stiff pencil-eraser nipples in the cold air.

The sheets felt cool on her bare skin as she slid in between them. She slid to the center of the bed and closed her eyes, beginning to run the movie of Bill commanding her in her mind. Her nipples rubbed sensually against the crisp cotton sheet.

Bill said, "I want you naked. Spread wide for me to see."

Karen spread her legs wide until her heels were at the edges of the bed.

Bill said "That's a good little girl. Open your lips for me."

Karen opened her mouth slightly, and also she reached down and opened her lower lips. As she felt through her wiry hair she found them already slippery and hard to open. Her fingers slid off. She imagined his kiss, soft on her mouth.

Bill whispered, "Stroke up your valley to the top."

Karen slipped her finger up the groove. It felt delicious when she got to the top.

Bill said, "Good girl. Do this again and again until I tell you to stop."

Karen began to stroke smoothly up the whole length of her opening. She noticed she was getting wetter and wetter. Her mind felt Bill's eyes on her body, and she imagined him there, at the Green Room, replaying her recording, sniffing at her cunt. She had never actually masturbated like this before, merely having shivery sensations when she leaned her pubis against the washing machine corner where it felt so good.

This repeated dipping in her well was more delicious. Especially at the top of her slit, where her button was up now. She circled it tenderly with each journey.

At the bottom, she probed her opening. At each entry, her vagina spoke to her. 'Something belongs here' it said. ' Stretch me. Let it in'. She dipped her fingertip in where it felt like the beginning of something important. She raised her hips to offer the opening to her finger.

Her body began to become electric and quivery. She sped up the motions and began what seemed just the right intensity of circling her button at the top. Suddenly it became much more intense and she began to tingle and shake all over - then her entire body clenched around her hand as she bucked with the sensations.

"Wow," she said to herself. "Holy Shit."

She felt languorous. She turned on her side, exhausted, with her hand clamped between her thighs, thumb comforting her groove, and fell in to a deep sleep.

On Wednesday, Mr. Blass took her to the sports bullpen to introduce her around. The guys were welcoming, and some even managed to get their eyes all the way up to hers.

Mr. Blass left with the announcement that, "OK guys, I will tolerate one initiation harassment, and only one. Anything after that, if Karen complains – no investigation will follow. I will punish the perpetrators on her word alone. Got it?"

As predictable as pancakes in the morning, when Karen turned her terminal on, nothing happened. The bull pen gave a collective snicker. She looked behind to see if it was plugged in. No power cord. She looked under the desk at the plug hub. Nothing there either. She went to Supplies and got a new one, bringing it triumphantly back to her cubicle, thinking this was easy, she would be free of further harassment after this. 

She plugged one end in to the back of her monitor, and dangled it over the back of her desk. When she crawled under the desk to find and plug in the other end, the real hazing started.

Firm hands pushed her deeper in to the space and then a multitude of hands began to roam all over her behind. One even slid deep in to the space between her legs, goosing her. She crawled back, furious at the indignity as she was groped on the breasts as she withdrew.

When she stood up, the bull pen were all at their desks, smirking.

"OK guys, you've had your friendly fun. Anymore, and Mr. Blass won't hear about it, but my boyfriend will. And he's much bigger than me. We will meet after work some time."

That Friday, she sat at her desk in her new jeans

She decided abruptly to go to the studio and see what they had next. She also confessed to herself she really wanted to see Bill and – surprisingly – Suze; to see what stimulations they had in store.

She had to cover a high school basketball game that night. She figured she had basketball to cover because she was the tallest reporter in the bull pen. She had never played it, knew nothing about the game. She called the studio to set up a meet after the game. She hoped for Bill. She wondered if he played basketball. She got Suze.

Arriving later that evening at the green door with her green-edged card, she swiped it and the door clicked open.

Suze was sitting in a chair near the entry with her clip board on the floor beside her, half asleep with her feet straight out in front of her, her bum on the front edge of the chair, and her head against the wall in back. 

Karen looked her over. In profile she had great curves. Large breasts, balanced by her curvy bum, and the slim dip of her waist at the back arching above the chair. Even the sweet mound of her pubis showed, rising above her flat belly. Her legs were firm and muscular, tapering to slim ankles. Her toes pointed forward like a diver about to penetrate the water. In that moment she understood the attraction of the female form to men.

"Ahem, Suze."

Suze shook herself awake and looked up at Karen.

"Oh hi, I was just dozing off. It has been a hectic day."

"So do you want to cancel? Too tired?"

"Oh no. Bill is setting up in the recording studio, and we have a fairly extensive script worked out. Don't worry. It starts slow, and it's progressive. We might not even finish tonight. There needs to be time to recover to a calm state between each recording."

Suze leapt up and started energetically down the hall, "Come on, big girl, lets feed you to the lion."

Karen followed, wondering what she had let herself in for this time. She had never thought of Bill as a lion, more like a bear perhaps, he was really huge.

Entering a different studio from the first one, Karen was reassured to see Suze flip the lock on the door. She certainly did not want some stranger coming in while they were recording her. Bill was there fiddling with three input caps, also of a slightly different design. The console in this studio was more complicated and extensive than in the one from last week.

Bill said, "Hi guys, take any cap. Karen, these party caps are two-way for this session. You will be able to experience and 'feel' what the others feel when we play back some of the input."

Soon all three were wearing caps and the adjusting for neutral feelings on the input and output scales made them seem to disappear from their sensory spectrum. 

"OK now for the first victim, so to speak.

Karen was preparing herself mentally to be outraged when Bill said, "Suze, step up on the dais."

Surprised, Karen looked around and saw a six foot diameter dais rising from the floor on silent hydraulics. Bill went to it and inserted two tall posts in recesses near opposite sides. Suze went and stood on the edge, facing the other two, waiting for the next instruction. The dais rose until Karen was looking at Suze eye to eye. Suze was over a foot shorter, and this was a new experience for both of them.

Bill came and stood beside Karen and murmured in to her ear, "Well here we are. I am going to be your guru for this part of the session. All you have to do is answer my questions honestly, and do as I say. Even if Suze here does not want to do it. Understand?"

Karen gulped, wondering what perverted things were going to play out. Bill's voice made her tingle because of its low rumble, and his breath was sweet on her cheek and neck. It was an intimate voice at an intimate range. She doubted Suze could hear them clearly. She nodded.

"So, Karen, when you were in school, did you look at the girls in the locker room?"

"Actually I was too shy. I mostly looked at the floor and changed as fast as I could."

"Were you afraid someone would catch you looking?"

Bill moved even closer to her and put one hand at her waist, circling it from behind to come out in front.

"Lets get a bit closer to Suze, shall we?

Suze stood still at the edge of the dais. She was wearing short shorts and sneakers with short socks. Her midriff was bare, and her top was loose. She was wearing a bra under it, Karen could see the straps at her shoulders.

Bill murmured, "I think she looks really sexy. Like you, but in a complementary way. Look her over, up and down. What do you see?"

"W well, she has larger breasts. Almost twice as big as me. Her legs are more muscular. And she is really short."

"Is that all?"

Karen nodded, wondering at the direction of the questioning.

"Would you like to touch her? See her naked?"

Karen squeaked, "N no!"

Bill looked at the console, and said, "Liar. Watch me do what I want to this little sex package."

Bill reached out and slid a hand behind Suze and caressed her bottom. At the same time he caressed Karen in the same place. Karen jumped. Suze just wiggled a bit and smiled.

Bill murmured directly in to Karen's ear. Now I am going to feel her up the way a man wants to. Then you will do the same.

Bill reached out with both hands this time and placed one at Suze's back before setting the other in front on her belly. He turned to Karen and said, "I love the way her cunt pushes out in front. He slid his hand slowly down Suze's lower belly until it cupped her pubic mound. He pressed the mound firmly and slid his fingers deep between her legs. He told Suze to spread, and she shifted her feet wider apart.

"OK Karen, now you do it."

Suze put her feet back together and turned slightly to Karen with a lilting smile in her eyes.

As Karen approached she felt a strange combination of curiosity, arousal, and dread. She placed her hand at Suze's back. The muscles were firm and she felt the corded ridges rising on either side of her backbone. The top of her rump was hard muscle as well.

Karen smiled hesitantly as she placed her palm on Suze's belly. It was warm, hard under the soft skin, and curved slightly down. She took a deep breath and slid her hand down to cup the mound she had admired earlier when she came in the door. It was firm. She could see Suze kind of smile inwardly at the touch, so she made the pressure more firm. She was surprised to feel Suze press her mound even harder to her hand and spread her legs without being told to. When her fingers dove in to the space between, she was also surprised to feel dampened cloth. Her fingers lingered a bit when she withdrew.

Bill said, "Karen, smell your hand."

"What?"

"You heard me. Smell it. I bet she was damp by the time you finished. I was watching her face."

Karen smelled her palm, and it did smell a bit musky.

Bill said, "Damp?"

Karen nodded.

"Good. Lets take a bit of clothing off her and play with her boobs before the main event."

Bill reached out and rucked Suze's tee up over her head and said to Karen, "You do the bra. Take it off carefully, with feeling." Bill held Suze's hands above her head in one massive paw while Karen approached, looking Suze in the eye. Suze looked right back and smiled as Karen reached behind for the clasp.

That close, Karen looked straight down to an impressive cleavage and wondered what it must be like lugging so much weight around all the time. She preferred her own modest size. Hers barely jiggled unless she ran. Suze must flop all over the place if she ran. Suddenly she wanted to see Suze running with her breasts flying. She wondered if it would hurt.

Suze let out her breath with a sigh to make the clasp easier to manipulate, and moaned softly as Karen slid her hands around to catch the breasts from the supporting cloth.

Bill said, "I usually touch the nipples at this time. Give them a touch and squeeze them."

Karen's own nipples were hard now. And she liked to touch hers as she leant her pubes on the washing machine, so she touched Suze in the same way. Bill asked Suze if she liked the touch like that.

Suze said, "Nice, but she could go much harder, mine really like a work over." Bill reached past Karen and grabbed the breasts in both hands, mashing them tight with the nipples protruding as he shook them up and down, around her chest. "Like this?"
