 Adventures of the Buxom Beauty Ch. 5 Story Disclaimer: This series contains the use of strong mature content such as non consensual sex, mature language, violence and gore. If you are under the legal age of consent (18+) you may not view this story.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

As the morning sun rose over the elven village, Gwendolyn spoke with the village elder. "But Elder Zie, the gremlins must be exposed of." she said. "We can not allow them t-."

"I said 'No!" boomed Zie, "I can not allow you to undertake such a task. It is just too dangerous. Especially for someone like you."

Gwendolyn had a muddled look overtake her angelic face. Zie taking notice of the confused look sighed and spoke, "Gwen, look at yourself. Look at your womanly curves." Still, a bit puzzled, the elf girl looked down at her womanly figure. What a figure it was in deed.

Gwen truly had an amazing body anyone would kill to get their hands on. She stood at five foot and five inches tall. Starting with her beautiful feet, laced in her golden sandals. The straps of which reached almost to her knees. Rising higher, her very thick thighs lead to an equally wide hips and shapely back side. Covered only by a short golden mini skirt. Under said skirt, she wore her blue panties. Her stomach flat and toned. Her humongous breasts, barely contained within her very tight golden chest armor. Though this chest armor was able to move with along with her as it was made of mithril. A thin chainmail-like armor that was just as strong and resilient as a dragon's scales. 

Though it protected her, the armor plunged down at the neck, creating a mouth-watering view of her cleavage. The length of the armor ended several inches above her naval. Underneath the golden chest piece she wore her blue bra that matched her panties. The bra of course was a few cup sizes too small and struggled to contain the massive flesh boulders. Her giant mountains of flesh were almost three times the size of her head. Thankfully for her, she did not get these breasts from a perverted old wizard.

She was born with this gift, or curse as she saw it. Despite all her lovely womanly curves, she was still extremely beautiful even if she didn't have them. Her red hair pulled up into a nice high ponytail that trailed down between her shoulder blades. This particular hair style choice showed off her long pointed ears. So there was no mistaking her for anything but elven kind. Her pale skin accented her red freckles that dotted her face around her nose adamantly. Giving her a more innocent look. Her arms were bare from the sleeveless mithril she wore. They were thin but toned, her wrists up to her elbows covered by golden embraces that ended in points. 

Being an archer, and a skilled one at that, her weapon of choice was a well crafted elven bow. Gold and black in color, the bow was holstered on her back along with her quiver full of arrows. 

"Well? Do you see now why it is too dangerous for you to go?" asked Zie as he pointed to her figure.

"My curves will not hinder my abilities to carry out this task, Elder." Gwen said confidently. 

"You know of gremlins. You know just how crafty and deviant those monsters are. Just look at what happened to that wandering traveler that came to our village." Zie hung and shook his head, not wanting to think about the tragic affair that had befallen upon that poor woman.

"It was an unfortunate fate. She just passed through at the wrong time. There was not you or anyone could do, Elder." the buxom elf approached the old Zie and placed her hand on his shoulder. "No one could have known they would attack at that given moment." 

Zie patted Gwendolyn's hand then turned to gaze out of the hut's window. His eyes fixed on the mountain pass that lead to the gremlin's lair. 

"Please, Elder. Let me avenge that poor woman and rid this world of those vile beings." The elder sighed, "You are so much like your mother, you know that?" Zie turned to face Gwen, whom now was fighting back tears at the mention of her late mother. Zie held his arms apart, "Come here my daughter, or are you too old to embrace your father?" he smirked. Gwen rushed to his arms, her massive breasts crushing against his chest. She held him tight letting a few tears escape her emerald eyes. 

She wept as she told her father how much she missed her dear mother. It had been a few years back that her mother passed. An unknown illness overtook the once proud elven adventurer. On her death-bed she passed her armor and weapons onto her daughter to carry on riding the world of foul beasts and monsters alike. 

"I miss her greatly, father." wept Gwen. Zie held her head up and looked her in the eyes, "She loved you very much and would be proud of the woman you have become." He consoled his daughter for a few moments more before telling her, "Now, my daughter, dry your eyes for you have a great task ahead of you." The gorgeous elf rose her head and began to wipe away her tears. "Are you saying you are granting me permission?" she asked. Zie nodded his head in agreement. "But you must be careful. I can't lose you too." Gwendolyn promised her father she would be careful. Then thanked him with a big kiss on the cheek. Before she departed, Zie told her to stop by Bushy's alchemist shop to gather her supplies. 

Gwen rolled her eyes, "Why must we even deal with that.. Deviant?" 

"He may be a deviant, my daughter, but he is the only alchemist we have. But if he gets to be too belligerent I know you can handle yourself." he said with a wink. She smiled at her father then turned left the hut closing the door behind her. She walked over to Bushy's shop. Opening the door to the small establishment, Gwen looked around the place. Shelves cluttered by random vials full of all manner of elixirs. Some shelves even had raw items for those that practiced the art of alchemy. Gwen called out Bush's name. 

The busty elf heard some slapping noises coming from behind a burlap curtain behind the counter. "Gweny? Ohhh yesss...Erm, be right out!" a voice called out from behind the tattered cover in a breathless tone. 

"Hurry up I don't have all day! And don't call me Gweny!" said Gwendolyn irritated. 

She hated how Bushy would use such nicknames to identify her, as if she was his 'pet' or some nonsense. Bushy yanked the burlap curtain to one side violently, as if he was trying to flee from some dire beast. This surprised the young twenty-year old elf woman. 

Coming around the counter to stand in front of Gwen he spoke, "Oh my yummy, yummy Gweny, so great to see you! And you of course brought the 'twins', how lovely!" he said licking his lips eyeing up her giant mams. 

Bushy was a much older elf, even older than her father the village Elder. His age shown across his wrinkled face. Solid white hair that receded in the front. A long nose with a single boil on the left side of it. Thin but tall frame, standing much higher than Gwen. This height advantage gave him a lovely view down her armor's neck line. He wore a tattered long tunic that reached down past his knees and slippers. The young, busty elf saw his tunic tented a bit. Her guess was that he was no doubt jerking himself behind the curtain. More than likely he was thinking about her as he fancied Gwen and especially her large breasts. The old brought his withered hands up to grasp her huge mams.

With a huff, she slapped his hands away. "Why don't you grab my supplies and not my tits, Bushy?" "Oh I love it when you play hard to get!" said Bushy licking his lips and rubbing his hands. 

Then he turned and grabbed a satchel from on the counter top. The old elf began moving around the shop gathering many supplies that the big titted elf would need on her quest. "So where is it you'll be heading this time, Jugs?" Ignoring the particular nickname he chose to call her, Gwen responded with," The gremlins that have given us trouble." "Ohh those vile things? You know I hear talk they have a particular fetish, shall we say, for breasts. Especially big milkers like yours." he said with a lecherous grin. "They love tits almost as much as I do!" Gwen simply rolled her eyes at the alchemist's lewd remarks. After gathering all her supplies, Bushy handed over the satchel, "Here you are."

"So I presume you'll want your usual payment?" asked Gwen with a clear disdain in her voice. Normally Bushy would have Gwen pay by letting him grope her massive tits for a few minutes. 

But this time he decided to up the price with a tit-fuck. "You want what?!" shouted the red-haired beauty. "Either you wrap those big tits around my old cock, or you can fight the gremlins on your own." Bushy said raising his chin as if he was some high-class, wealthy gent with prestige.

Gwendolyn clenched her fists in anger but reluctantly agreed to let Bushy defile her massive knockers. Bushy practically jumped for joy at her surrender to his offer. He quickly tossed his long tunic to the side and was now standing naked in front of the beautiful elf woman. She wanted to vomit at how unappealing he looked. Old, wrinkled body, saggy balls. But he did have a sizable cock. Not that Gwendolyn cared for such things. In fact, she was more attracted to mortal women than men. With a sigh, she grabbed her mithril from the bottom and pulled it slowly over her head and sat it down on the floor. 

Bushy's cock rose almost instantly at the sight of her jugs all but spilling out of her blue bra. Her flesh pouring over the top, just a jiggle a way it seemed from bursting free. Bushy couldn't resist and brought his hands up and began to roughly grope her enormous mammaries. Her beautiful face began to turn red in embarrassment but let the old elf have his fun with her. Gwen's breasts morphed and squished excellently. They swelled up with every hard squeeze he gave them. The bra unable to contain them any longer as they began to pour over the top. Her nice small red nipples became visible. Bushy's already hard cock seemed to almost dance in excitement at the sight. He then yanked the bra down and away from her knockers, finally leaving her tits bare for his eyes to feast on. They were unbelievable. Her giant teets sat high on her chest, big and round defying gravity. 

He lowered his stature and brought his disgusting mouth to her left nipple inhaling as much of the giant tit as possible. Gwen gasping at the sudden suction overtaking her baby feeder. He was feasting on the breast as if he was a starving infant at its own mother's milker. Though her tits didn't produce milk, Bushy loved the taste of them. Evident by his eyes rolling into the back of his head then closing as he now began to chew on her wonderful mountain of fat. With a pop, he let go of her tit and then told her to get on her knees and get to the tit-fucking. Her face grimaced by his orders. "Who does he think he is to boss me around like that?" she thought to herself.

But she did as she was told and sat on her knees and raised her tits up and wrapped them around his smelly cock. Her tits felt so warm and soft around his shaft that he almost shot his load At that moment. She began using her tits to stroke his manhood a little on the fast side. Her thought was the sooner she gets him off, the better. To her surprise, however, Bushy grabbed her hands and moved them out of the way of his own. Apparently her faster pace was not fast enough for the old fool, so he had to take matters, or mammaries, into his own hands. Squeezing hard on the flesh mounds, Bushy pumped his cock with a hastened speed. Making grunts and moans as he fucked her beautiful boobs. Gwen then felt his member become even more stiff. She looked down to the sizable phallus and saw it's mushroom-like head began to swell in the deep valley of her cleavage. 

A second later Bushy gave a loud grunt as he squished her tits around his cock and exploded his seed in her dirty pillows. It felt warm and sticky to Gwen. It even had a smelly odor to it, but that smell was obviously masked by the smell of his cock. Panting heavily, Bushy let go of his grip on her enormous jugs falling back and catching himself the counter. Gwen looked at the mess he made. His seed was plastered heavily between her bosom and some of it exploded out of the top and coated her lovely mams. 

"Give me a rag you bastard!" snapped Gwen wanting to clean herself of old elf cum. Bushy grabbed a washcloth from atop the counter and tossed it to Gwen. She immediately began cleaning herself as Bushy began to redress himself. After ridding her tits of semen, Gwendolyn got to her feet, grabbed her things, and headed to the door. 

"Come back soon, Gweny!" yelled Bushy. 

Gwen tossed the cum- soaked rag into his face and departed the shop in a huff. The busty, young elf trekked along the path towards the mountain pass. She thought on all that she had learned of gremlins and their ilk. Gremlins were a vile lot. The creatures all looked the same. Mostly goblin- like but with dark green scaly skin, about three feet tall, sharp teeth and pointed ears that stuck out to either side. They were all male with cocks all the same length and girth. Their cocks seemed rather large on their small bodies. The gremlins followed a shaman chieftain. 

Though this gremlin appeared at first glance like the rest of them, but had a few differences. The chieftain used magic, though basic but still very dangerous if one was not careful. The source of its magic was a staff made different with every new leader. The shaman chieftain wore a cap made of various bird feathers. It's package was much larger than the rest as well practically dragging along the floor. It has been said the magic is what gives them these monstrous cocks which they used for breeding purposes. The shamans were the only ones allowed to impregnate mortal women. 

Being elf kind, Gwen felt lucky that if she was caught by the pathetic creatures she would not be made to give birth to their vile kin. She knew that this fate was most likely the outcome of the pretty blonde traveler had to endure. The gremlin leader would impregnate the host with its seed and within a day, the unfortunate woman would give birth to a liter of the nasty beings. There was no telling how many times the poor traveler was impregnated, but Gwen felt that they had their way with the woman many times. 

Giving birth to several gremlins and within a twelve-hour period the babies would have grown to full adult size. It was a horrifying thought indeed. She finally made it to the cave's entrance. The elf woman knew all she had to do was to kill the shaman chieftain and the rest would frenzy. Attacking one another to claim the spot of leader for their own. With a deep in take of air, she readied her bow and armed it with an arrow, crouched down, and proceeded inside the gremlin lair. The further she went, the most of a foul stench she could smell in the air. It smelled of rotting flesh and of course, semen. She did her best not gag or vomit and crept ever so carefully up to a doorway- shaped opening in the cave. 

Gwen heard the sound of giggles, and chattering coming from within. Gremlins spoke in their own made up language and Gwen had not the time to track down the information necessary to understand with they could be saying. Not that it mattered in the slightest anyways, they would soon meet their end, she thought. She moved closer and peeked her head inside. Gwen's eyes we met with a horrible sight. The once beautiful traveler that had been taken was now lying dead. Her limbs and flesh torn apart and presumably devoured by the creatures. Blood stained the floor surrounding her corpse. 

"Bastards!" whispered Gwen to herself as she hung her head down.

She had thought that just maybe she would be able to save the woman, but that was no longer a preservable reality. She clenched her readied bow in anger and scouted the surrounding room. The gremlins were chatting to each other. Some fighting over scraps of flesh, and one hitting itself in the head with its club. She counted twenty of them, but no sign of the leader. 

"Where could it be?" she wondered.

Just then she saw the chieftain. It was a lot fatter than the rest, but all descriptions matched otherwise. Feathered crown, staff, and a much larger package. 

Yes, this was indeed the leader. The shaman walked over to a boulder sat alongside the cave wall, struggling slightly to climb up the large rock. He then held out his hands, one of which gripped the staff that was topped with a human skull, and began speaking. Though Gwen could not understand what the creature was saying, she knew this was a speech of sorts. The gremlins all gathered around the chieftain as he spoke.

Their backs to Gwen, the big titted elf moved slowly inside and hid herself behind some old crates, that the gremlins stole from her and other villages around the area, to get a better shot on the leader. She aimed her bow, steadying her aim by holding her breath. With the bow string pulled as far back as it could go, she reals ed her breath and her finger tips from the arrow. It flew through the air at lighting speed making it to the shaman in less than a second. But, once the arrow was within mere inches of the gremlin chieftain it bunched off as if hitting a solid wall. The shaman chieftain had a protective field around him, something he always did when speaking to his lessors. 

Apparently having a much higher intellect than Gwen had previously thought. He immediately locked eyes with Gwendolyn and began to cry out in anger, pointing his staff at her getting the attention of his followers. They all turned to the busty elf and roared and growled at the beautiful intruder. The chieftain shouted in their language and the lessors began to rush towards Gwen. With her quick reflexes, Gwen leapt back and pulled three arrows from her quiver, loaded them on her bow and fired all three arrows simultaneously. Each one landing on their targets. Three gremlins were pierced, two through the head, and one through another's chest. But then a chieftain raised his staff and sent a jolt of lighting surging across the cave and hitting Gwendolyn between her massive mams.

A shriek of pain echoed out of her lovely lips as she fell to the ground. The gremlins quickly swarmed her. Several grabbing her wrists and ankles, holding her still on her back.

"Let go of me you vile things!" shouted the now caught and helpless elf. 

The shaman gave a wide grin and hopped off the boulder and walked over to Gwen as she wriggled about trying to break free of the gremlins grasp. The leader looked her over, his eyes trailing down from her face to her lovely, huge melons. He licked his lips at the sight of such gigantic breasts, easily the biggest he has ever seen. Looked to two other gremlins eagerly waiting to pounce and have their way with the big titted slut. He barked and order at them. They smiled and nodded then rushed to either side of the busty babe. The vile creatures then grabbed the end of her armor and quickly peeled it up over her jugs. "N. No!" Her words meant nothing to the nasty beings. 

They all stared in awe at her monstrous breasts encased inside her tiny blue bra. Gwen's face flushed red with embarrassment as they gazed at her voluptuous body. The chieftain then barked another order and the two that had pulled up her armor were now hooking their fingers into her bra. With almost no struggle, they freed her tits. Her breasts now bare and her small red nipples visible the two gremlins could not hold off their lust any longer. Each one grabbed a juicy, fat udder and latched their disgusting mouths onto them. They suckled like starving infants at her giant mammaries. "Ugh! Get the hell off me you- Mm!" Gwen couldn't finish her sentence as one gremlin began to eagerly and very violently began chewing on her tit. The shaman and a few others began jerking their cocks at the sight of their fellow monsters feast on her jugs. 
