 The Red Moon's Power: Hawks Tale

OK, so like I said before, It's been way too long. I finally decided on a much needed conclusion on Hawkens story. He needed a happy ending or so I've been told. So here it is. Enjoy!

-----------

~5 years before Shinai and Aiden were reunited and just before the Katsari attack on the Senatri, At Illoris Academy in the Sitra territories.(Far north of Galna)~

The Illoris Academy was the most renowned school in all of the seven territories and only the most intelligent humans attended. Among them, were the most elite of those students. The Alchemy Scholars. Only three were ever chosen of each year, and this year a female student had been appointed the position much to the dismay and hatred of the other male students. And unfortunately for her, she had been studying all day and well into the night when some male students decided they wanted to punish her.

"Hehehehe it's time to pay for taking my place whore." An angry voice echoed from the halls as she ran.

Azel Demound panicked. At barely 5'2", 120 pounds and most of that in her rather uncomfortable D chest, she didn't stand a chance. Westly and his two goons would be on her in seconds if she couldn't get away. Her glasses had fallen off sometime in the chase and her amethyst eyes had incredible trouble adjusting. Her long red hair had long ago fallen from its hair bun and flew into her face at the least reasonable of times.

"The little whore can run." one of Westly's goons laughed. The other boomed in agreement.

She made her way out into the college courtyard and made a despite sprint towards the dorms. She needed to reach someone and fast. she was passing through the large elaborate fountains at the courtyards center when she was tackled to the ground be the larger goon.

"I got the bitch!" he yelled gleefully as he held her down. She tried to fight back but was pinned by sheer weight.

"Good!" Westly and his other goon came running up to them. Westly was a handsome, fair-hared man, who was immensely popular among the students and faculty. His smile was pure evil. The two goons were John, a small man with dirty brown hair and black eyes, and the stupid Fred, a large black-hared moron who currently held her down in the dirt.

"Pick her up and get her onto that bench, no point in getting me any dirtier." Westly handed John rope and waited.

Azel fought harder as both men picked her up and tied her face up onto the bench. Grinning, they forced her legs wide and tied them so she could not close them. She continued to scream and struggle till something was jammed into her mouth forcing her to gag.

"Ah, silence. good. do you know how humiliated I was when I found out a large chested bitch had taken my spot in the elite? hmm?" Westly said cruelly. As he spoke he pulled out a knife. At that point her eyes widened in fear and she yelled louder into her gag. The two goons grinned as Westly slid the knife down her check and hooked at her sweater. "It's time to pay whore." He tore at sweater, ripping it down the middle, tearing her bra free in the process. Her large breasts spilled free as she fought with fear.

"Holy cow." Fred said grinning. His mouth watering.

"My friend can't wait to milk these jugs of yours but first..." Westly slid the knife further down to her skirt and tore it free, with an added satisfaction of seeing her pee in her panties he laughed mockingly. "See the whore's already wet" He stood back to let the other two see with cruel laughter. all of the sudden Fred couldn't take it anymore and pounced. She screamed into her gag as Westly laughed. the larger man had one of her breasts completely in his mouth as her ruthlessly squeezed and twisted her other breast. She screamed louder from pain into the gag.

"She's getting louder, do something." He told John. The an grinned and freed his cock, he went over and ripped out her gag and thrust his thick meat down her throat before she could say anything. His hands held her head back to prevent her from biting. Westly grinned at the site of the whore. He walked over to her pussy and tore her panties away. She screamed into Johns penis exciting him more. 

Just as Westly was about to take his prize an earthquake rumbled through the ground, startling the men, she tried to use it to her advantage but suddenly the fountains began to erupt, one by one into guiser. The three bastards ran off in fear leaving her naked and tied to the bench just as the main fountain she was under exploded. Freezing water hit her hard, freeing the ropes that held her. She was pushed away by the force of the water as cold turned warm and then almost hot. A larger eruption rumbled through the ground and the fountain was torn apart by the guiser until nothing remained but a large pond of water. 

Sitting up, Azel looked in wonder at what had saved her. Then she saw it. A dark figure floated in the water near the center and she panicked. She looked around for someone to help but seeing as no one was around yet, she tossed torn clothing off and jumped in after him. Who ever he was, he saved her. Now it was his turn. She reached the body and feared the worst. She turned him over in the water and gasped. He was covered in wounds, his blood pooled around them. Carefully, she pulled him out of the water and checked his vitals. He was still alive!

Wrapping herself in the scraps of clothing she had left, she pulled the man up and leaned him onto her shoulder as she dragged him to the medic's office. The Doctor shot up seeing the girl in torn clothing and the bloody man. 

"What happened? What was that noise and how did you get like that?" He demanded.

"I'm sorry Dr. Tresmen but could you please help....my Boyfriend? The fountain's explosion hurt him greatly!" Azel said, panting. Who ever he was, if it was known that he was at the center of this mess, the headmaster would most-likely kill him. For now she would lie to protect this stranger. At least until she learned more about him.

The Doctor did not question her, instead he helped the man onto a table and tore his clothing free. Azel helped the best she could as the doctor cleaned and stitched his wounds and treated his burns. When they finished, the man looked more like a mummy then a man.

"I'd like you to answer some questions Azel...How did your boyfriend get like this, and why are your clothes torn like that?" he asked. Outside the rest of the school was trying to save what was left of the courtyard.

"....Me and "J" were fooling around outside by the fountains when they started to explode. He pushed me out of the way but e got hurt badly and the water turned hot, burning him." it was the best she could come up with. She gave the name "J" to the man off the top of her head and hoped she was believable.

"...Your an elite Azel so I won't doubt you, but now we need to report this to the headmaster."

--------------------------------

The next few days she spent caring for "J", helping with the mess outside, helping the headmaster with his research on the incident, completing her own class assignments and avoiding Westly and his goons like a plague. She was torn thin. By the eight night, she collapsed at his bed from exhaustion. It was one of those rare nights with a red moon glowing through the window.

He opened his green eyes slowly and adjusted to the moonlight. His body ached all over but that meant one thing...He was alive. He shifted his head slightly and stared. Bathed in moonlight and sleeping soundly was an angel. Her soft red hair flowed around her as it fell from her bun. Glasses she had worn all day hand fallen off part of her face and the rest was hidden due to the soft mattress. She slept while sitting on the floor and all he could think of was he was in heaven. Didn't he tell Aiden he needed to get laid when this was over? was god hearing him? No, he smiled through the pain. As if he would have the strength.

"Your awake then, Mr. "J"? Azel has been very worried about you." The doctor said. Moving his angel to a chair out of his immediate sight. Damn him... and who was Mr. "J"? He wondered. Hawkens played along.

"It was foolish of you to be with your girlfriend by the fountains, you were lucky she got you here so quickly." Hawk just nodded, continuing to play along. If he thought this "Azel" was his, who was he to mess with it. He smiled in his head. he definitely would make her his soon enough. After all, you only live once.

"...You are probably tired so I'll let you rest, but we will need to ask you questions soon..." With that the doctor left. Hawk forced himself up slowly and found his way to his sleeping angel. With a full view of her, he was ready to pass out all over again.

"Sweet lord." Gulping down sheer male hunger he turned to look in the mirror. He nearly laughed at his sight. Slowly he undid his bandages and examined his face. The burns would scar if he didn't do something but other then that he saw his own face looking back at him. Smirking at his luck, he checked through the doctor's supplies and immediately began to make a scare salve of his own creation. Sometimes it payed to be a genius. He re-wrapped his bandages just before he heard a noise. He slid into an empty bed and pretended to be asleep.

" There's the bitch." Muttered Westly. The others grinned. " She won't get away this time." Hawk heard as the three men grabbed his angel. She woke up screaming into a gag. He forced himself to wait.

"It's time for your punishment bitch." John and Fred held her down as Westly undid his uniformed trousers. She struggled harder until she heard three loud thuds. All three of the bastards fell to the ground.

"Now that was just rude... trying to take my "Girlfriend" while I am still here." A warm, slightly husky voice said from the shadows. As he stepped forward she froze. It was her "J". She blinked up and stared into his stunning green eyes.

"Well Angel, looks like you're OK." He said with a smile, then cursed at the pain. She moved to check on him but stopped when he held his hand up. Tell me, Strawberry...When was I christened "J"?" He asked.

Strawberry? she thought, confused. She answered while still pondering the nickname. "I had to come up with something. If the Doctor or headmaster learned of how I really found you, they'd get suspicious and you were in no condition for them to bother you.

"I see..." Damn she had a hot voice. "Well then, if you don't mind, a much needed thank you is in order." 

Confused, she looked up at him and froze when she felt him pin her down for a much needed, long kiss. She felt his lips inflamed her until her own lips parted in a sigh, his tongue slipped inside of her mouth and he devoured her. She moaned with an ache she could not fathom. A few moment ago, she was about to be raped by the three bastards on the floor, and now, here she was begging for it from this stranger?

He pulled away slowly, only because if he took her now, A. He would be just like the fools on the floor, and B. He'd never have the strength to finish. He moaned inside for that later fact. She whimpered and reached for him.

"Sorry Strawberry but now's not the time. I probably should not have done that." Seeing her face he laughed. "No its not because of you. Believe me, I plan on having my fill of you soon." He nipped at her knuckles playfully. "Until then... stay away from these goons." With that he was gone.

--------------------- 

The next few days she was questioned constantly about the whereabouts of her "J" but she just remained floating. She had never been made to feel desirable by anyone...only objectified. Now he was all she could think about and wondered where he was.

That night, Azel fell asleep in her dorm room and dreamed.

She felt warm, bandage hands on her naked body. Her body arched up when he took a breast in his mouth. The feeling was indescribably. She felt a hand slide down and cup her pussy as fingers slid inside of her. He continued to devour her as he brought her closer and closer to climax. Suddenly she felt his mouth move from her breast down to where his hand was. She screamed out when his tongue slide inside of her. He licked and nipped at her like his favorite piece of candy. She started to mew like a cat, thrashing about in delight. She felt an orgasm begin to build inside of her when she was torn awake by the Academy's great clock. She cursed and got ready for her day.