 "And now I'm back, from outta space! Just turn around now..." -starts dancing- OK, OK I'm human again. So what did you think so far? Long I know. I just needed to type it. And then I felt bad that their wasn't to much sex until ch. 2. So now I'm gonna go nuts! Bwhahahaha. I'm Back BABY!!

-------------

This was her third night being "Tested" by Hawkens and a part of her was dreading this. He said she was going to get some serious hands on training today on how to get one's self out of a serious mess. Yes, a part of her was seriously wishing she'd quit. Besides, not once has he actually taken her yet,and that just frustrated her. Yesterday He hadn't even touched her. She had to build several items out of garbage while being timed. No sex at all. What was up with that?

Hawkens led her into the forests surrounding the Academy and stopped when he reached a cave. "OK, so this is where lesson three will be located. First, Drink this. He handed her a canteen.

Without questioning him, she drank it. It tasted like water. "Why did I need to drink this?"

"Becaaaaause, Dehydration is the enemy." He sat down and waited. It only took a few moments before she began to claw at her clothing.

"What did you give me hawk?" she was desperate to get herself free. She tore her clothing free and began to stroke herself."

"Eve's Apple. Its a rather potent serum taken from the poisonous apple. It's found in a lot of the woods I travel so it's definitely possible for you to eat one. Just one bite will send the eater into a frenzy of heat and desire. I decided to give you a dose worth 5 apples."

"What!" She was already squeezing her breasts ruffly. Her mind was already slipping.

"Now there are two antidotes. The first I keep back at the lab. That will only be used if you fail. The second is at the end of this cave. But I should warn you, sometimes you'll need to do things you would rather not do in order to get these antidotes. The lord loves to mess with us after all.

"FINE! I'll go!" She pushed her way through the cave but the more she walked, the hotter she became. Soon all she wanted was a big cock filling her insides. That was when she saw it. In front of her, standing at nearly eight feet, was the largest giant she had ever come across. He was all muscle and gold skin. His chin covered in a soft bushy black beard that matched his hair. The Giant sat there starring at her as it stroked his 10" long, 4" wide dick. She gulped and pressed herself against the wall of the cave.

"Don't panic. Calmly tell me what you know about Giants." Hawkens said from the entrance.

Her body began to shake with overwhelming need. She could feel her mind begin to get hazy. "Giants are gentle creatures that don't have a known language. Their sperm is often used to cure many poisons....but only if it is ejaculated fresh into the victims body."

"Good. Aside from the language bit, everything is accurate. So what are you waiting for. Go get your cure."

"...But it takes hours for them to come. Often the person passes out before the Giant comes."

"Then don't pass out. Look, as much as I hate to admit it, their was a time when I had been poisoned with Yezvick pollen and a giant was my only option. I was a straight guy, forced to endure one of those things up my ass for 7 hours before it came. I couldn't sit for 2 weeks." he shivered in disgust at the memory. But it was either that or die a gruesome painful death. He thanked god that it had been years since he made that mistake.

"...well alright." Her legs were to weak for her to walk so she crawled over to the giant and looked face to face with it's monstrous member. Her mouth began to water and her own body's cum dripped down her legs. Gulping, she opened her mouth and began to lick it. The giant roared, shoving her face onto his cock. She struggled, but the giant kept fucking her face. She actually felt it grow in her mouth and she couldn't even down a third of it.

Groaning with excitement. The Giant picked her up and sat her directly onto his cock. He screamed out as wave after wave of climaxes hit her. The giant ruthless thrust her tiny body up and down on to his cock. Just after thirty minutes his dick was dripping wet with her cum. 

The Giant pulled one of her legs up, changing her angle. She screamed out as it rubbed against her clitoris. Hawkens watched as the giant kept changing her angle after 20 minutes or so. At this point he longed to be that damn Giant. He watched as several times, she actually passed out, only to be thrust awake by another orgasm. The Giant groaned and pulled her off of him only to thrust her ass down onto him. Azel screamed from pain and pleasure as the Giant rammed her ass, over and over again.

"Oooo god that brings back a memory I don't want." His own need had taken him though, and when he walked over to the fuck fest, he thrust his cock into her mouth. "Sorry Strawberry, but a man can only take so much.

Azel moaned with pure pleasure as she sucked Hawkens' dick. His modest 6" long, 3" wide cock filled her mouth perfectly. She concentrated on his meat to ignore the pain coming from her ass. She licked and nipped him like a starved cat finding a saucer of milk. Meanwhile, The Giant began to change its position again, pulling her back against its chest. She moaned at the lose of Hawk only to gasp with delight when he filled her dripping cunt. She screamed out and rode them wildly. Just as she felt Hawkens come deep inside her, the Giant exploded inside her ass, pounding her down onto him. She exploded into her final orgasm as she passed out. The Giant's cum dripping from her.

"...OK, so I wasn't supposed to join in. But damn it, how the hell can a man hold back after watching this for hours. He carried Azel back with him, cleaned her up and gave her some medicine for the bruises.

-------------

Azel woke up naked and in Hawkens' arms. Moaning, she remembered the night before but found herself angry that she couldn't remember how he felt inside of her. Determined, she undid his pants and slid his cock free. Sliding under the furs, she took him into her mouth and began to suck. He moaned, thrashing a little in his sleep but never woke. Her teeth grazed his skin as her hands began to rub his balls together. Hawkens cursed in his sleep as his cock began to grow.

Growing more bolder, she slid her tongue down under his cock and took one of his balls into her mouth, sucking on it like a gum drop. Her hands continued to rub his cock till she felt angry veins begin to pop out. Moaning, she took a few more nibbles on his other ball before crawling up him and sliding his hard cock deep inside of her. She let out a gasp as she rode him slowly.

Hawkens woke up to the shear need to explode. His eyes snapped open to witness the final moment before he exploded deep inside her wound. "Yes, YES!" She rode his orgasm hard as her own took her over the edge. 

"...not that I'm complaining about your wake up methods, but aren't you sore?" He mumbled in a husky tone. 

She purred with delight. "Terribly. When do we go again? I want you in my ass now. I wanna feel your cum drip down my legs."

"Woooo slow down tiger. You still have a few more tests to do."

"Will you fill me with your cock?" She looked like she was begging.

"Wait one moment..." He checked her far head and cursed. The poison was going into remission. Sometimes it takes 24 hours for the Giant's sperm to kill off all the poison. Until then, the victim remains a sex fiend. "Maybe I overdid it on the dosage a little. OK, the good news is your fine. The bad news, is your going to be horny for another ....8 hours or so."

She licked her lips and began to nibble on his ear. "Fuck me Hawk. Make me scream. I wanna feel you exploding in me. I want you in my womb, up my ass, down my throat." her tongue slipped inside his ear making him shiver.

"Not that that doesn't sound nice but..." He was pushed down as she attacked him again. Her ass rubbing against his cock as her tongue dove into his mouth. "Mmmmm" He managed to push her up. "look, Azel listen. This won't be good if you keep going like this." He tried to reason with her. Azel pretended to listen, reaching up, she grabbed something heavy and smashed it on his head, knocking him out instantly.

------------

When Hawkens came to, he was tide down to a lab table with a gag tied around his mouth. "I've wanted to do this since I first saw your yummy cock." She whispered with delight as she pressed his dick between her breasts. His head stuck out just enough for her to like his tip as she rubbed him. He growled as he watched her. She didn't stop even when she tasted precum. She continued to tit fuck him till he exploded inside her mouth. She drank him up greedily.

"Today, I've decided to make you my pet. Since you won't give me what I want, I going to take it. Suddenly, he felt something smack against his thigh hard and he moaned. I'm tired of your tests Hawkens. I've already decided I belong to you...Now its time you belong to me." Another whack and he jumped a little against the ropes. By the end of tonight I'm going to be so full of your cum that I'll swell up with your babies. But right now..." She pulled out something from between her legs. It was the Ferthen pole. Licking it, she bent down and shoved it hard up his ass. He screamed in his gag as she put it on its highest setting. His cock stood up immediately.

"Did you know, at the right angel, with just the right amount of pressure. A man's cock can be hard as steal in mere seconds." She crawled onto him and slid her ass down his rod. She sighed at the feel of him. Moaning, She used her free hand to fuck his ass, forcing him to thrust up with each movement. "YES!, YES Oh GOD THAT FEELS GOOD." She screamed at the top of her lungs. A few dozen small orgasms hit her before he exploded inside her ass. "Two down...and 5 more hours to go."

He moaned as she pulled out of him, deliberately she began to fuck his ass again, this time, not stopping when his cock stood to attention. "There is something so hot about me taking your ass, Hawk. You have such a sexy ass. I almost wish I had a dick to thrust into it." He moaned as she picked up the pace. "God look at me. I'm actually coming from doing this." Hew own cum was dripping to the floor.

Note to self...5 Eve's apples are dangerous. He thought. Despite everything, he was enjoying himself. Damn but she was hot when she had control. The idea of her being full of his babies wasn't bad either. He groaned as the image of a very pregnant Azel was on all fours, offering up her ass, begging to be fucked. He came more form the image then anything else.

"I always wondered how many times a man can cum before passing out." This time when she brought his cock back to life, she slid it inside her pussy. "Shall we experiment Master? How many times can you fill my womb with your yummy sperm? Apart of me wants to try this in my mouth but that is not the objective. I'm going to have so many of your babies, we'll populate a city." With that she began to ride him. She took her time, riding his cock in a new position, every time he came.

He was ready to pass out alright. He had come 5 times, not including the first 3 she had done before demanding his babies. The it hit him. Eve's Apples! God damn it, so that's why it had that name. Who ever named them had a twisted head. He watched as she continued to ride him, this time the Ferthen pole was in her own ass as she fucked him. She squeezed his balls with her free hand and he screamed out with yet another orgasm. This time he passed out.

"Is he done already?...booo." she got off him, deliciously sore. She actually hurt more today then she did yesterday with the giant. His cum dripped from her legs and she moaned. Taking his cock into her mouth, she finished the night with her favorite dish. HIM.

------------

Morning came and she woke with such sore's she didn't think she could move. Memories of yesterday flashed through her and she turned crimson from embarrassment. She had actually told him, she wanted his babies! ...Not that she didn't, and she doubted she'd get out of this not pregnant, but god, To tell him that?

"I think I'm going to have to take revenge on you another time Strawberry." He moaned from under her. He was no longer tied down and his arms held her protectively close.

"Revenge....you mean you'll tie me down and spank me?" she asked. He found the idea invigorating. 

He growled. "Absolutely. Plus a few more delicious surprises." She snuggled closer. 

"Do we take anymore tests today?" she asked him lazy.

"Only one more... Timing how fast you can pack your belongings." He said grinning.

"Oh I can do that very quickly."

"We'll see..."

THE END

------------

OK so I'm done! It's all done. You can pretty much imagine all the mischief these two will end up in but I'll leave that to your imaginations. If You'd like me to do Kaiden's story let me know, otherwise I am retiring The Red Moon's Power series. I Hope you all enjoyed it. TA TA for now!!