 Outside, sitting on that very clock tower, Hawkens examined his location. He had been avoiding all contact with anyone, even his "Strawberry" and he was starting to get annoyed with himself. he need to figure out how he got here. He knew how he survived. His 10 percent chance had come through when he opened up one of the sealed pipelines in Galna. But how the hell did he get back to school??? he snickered.

Just when you get out, they pull you back in. He thought in his head with a laugh. At Night, he had been studying the fountain remains but he couldn't go further without the water being drained. And god they were taking forever. He could have had it drained in an hour, mind you, every toilet, sink, water fountain and god knows what else would explode with geysers bursting everywhere, but it would be done!

He spotted his Strawberry Angel from his spot and grinned like a fool. He had spent little to much time learning everything about her. Azel Demound was 20 years old, She was the first female student to ever be admitted to the Alchemy classes and she was smart, very smart. She had earned a complete scholarship to the school, which was unheard of since it was mostly rich kids passing the time. And she had that delicious figure. He was in love alright. Aiden eat your heart out.

OK, He had to stop thinking about her...And her mouthwatering chest. Ah there he went again. Damn it she wasn't an object! But damn. So he was screwed. who could blame him? He had mentally sworn that if he ever survived he was finding a nice woman and stealing her away with him. He thanked God yet again for making it Azel. He spent the next few nights doing research on the area and it's history as his body completely healed. He wore a stolen uniform and students cloak to hide himself in the library undisturbed. 

----------------------------------------------

For the last several nights Azel noticed the other late night student from the light in his corner. She had never seen anyone stay up this late besides herself and curiosity finally got to her. She went over to the reading desks and saw the hooded student working wildly. His papers were everywhere,but he knew exactly what he needed. She blinked.

"Excuse me...May I join you? Its a little uncomfortable to study this late alone." She asked. The hooded figure looked up and nodded slowly. She smiled and took her place in the seat directly across from him. She started to work but found herself mesmerized by the way he moved. 

In Hawks head he kept chanting " pay attention, pay attention." as he worked. God help him but all he wanted to do was throw her over these books and ravish her. When was the last time he had a woman? ah No! focus you horny bastard. he screamed in his head. He felt her yes on him but forced himself to continue. Was she on to him? He wasn't bandaged anymore so he doubted she'd recognize him.

"What are you working on?" her voice cut through him, slipping all the way down to his aching member. "....Connections from here and Gelna..." He forced his voice to be gruff and hard.

"Really?! You know, I started studying that last year but just kept getting stuck. I hated being proven wrong." She beamed at him. She had put her book down and looked over one of his own.

"...And where did you get stuck?"

"With the runes that were on the central fountains...but their gone now." She was entranced with his notes and didn't bother looking up.

"The Fountain!" He had jumped up and startled her. "Of course! Where did i put that old drawing?" He rummaged through his notes and pulled it out. 

"What is it? what did you figure out?"

"..." He read through the runes and blinked. It was an oath of the Vestari...That meant this school had once been a Vestari outpost! He began digging into more information when she cleared her throat.

"Well? What did you find? come on tell me."

"Strawberry, your Beautiful." With that he took off in the shadows.

"Wait!...Strawberry...That was him!" She tried to run after him but he was long gone. Instead, she gathered his notes and books and took them with her. She would learn about the man through his work. 

-----------------------------------------------------

After a few more days of gathering information, he now knew exactly how he had gotten here and what this place once was. The Vestari had set up outposts throughout the seven territories and had the all connected to Gelna through underwater passageways. The pressure of hot water mixing with ice cold caused the water to rush through the pipes sending him though the pipelines going thousands of miles in seconds. Now if only he could generate this again using another form of transportation, like the bullet cars that had been under the city. Wait no! go back on track! He was in the process of finding his Strawberry! He had been searching for hours damn it!

Meanwhile Azel was in the student bathhouse. She didn't like taking baths in front of the other female students so she waited till night. She waited even longer then that to make sure Westly and his two fools had gone to sleep. She wasn't stupid after all. She stood at the center of the bath, the water only reaching her knees. Naked, she was every mans wet dream. Her chest was high, her soft, large breasts jiggled slightly as she moved. Her nipples stood firm an erect as she poured cool water down her body. Her waist was small and quickly curved into her waist. Her ass was shaped like a large Peach which made any male onlooker long to bend her over and take it for a ride. Her womanhood was covered by soft red curls that remained neatly trim.

She was in the process of cleaning herself when he found her. He nearly fell flat on his face. He forced himself to remain in the shadows as he watched her hands move over her breasts with the soap. She bent down, giving him full view of her behind, as she washed her long legs. That was where he snapped.

"You need someone to scrub your back Strawberry?" His voice came up from behind her and she jumped to attention. He sat at the edge of the pool, his pants rolled up to his knees as he watched her with interest. Gone was his stolen uniform and hooded face. He sat before her, as handsome as ever. With short gold hair cut in a fashion she was not familiar with, and the same bright green eyes that pulled her towards him. She attempted to cover herself. he just laughed. 

"Come now, You were very eager when I kissed you that first night, now I'm hurt." He said, while pretending to clutch his chest in pain. She blinked at him and remained where she was.

"How did you get in hear?" She asked him, remaining distant. All the while her wet dreams played back and fourth in her head, making her long to step forward. 

"I have my ways. Now tell me why you aren't coming towards me?" He said. Mischief glittering in his eyes.

"Because I have absolutely no idea who you really are."

"That's no way to treat your boyfriend you know." He laughed. "Hawkens North, Friends just call me Hawk, but you can keep calling me "J" if you like." He said with that same grin.

The name clicked into her head and she stared at him. It couldn't be him. The Hawkens North she was thinking of was one of the worlds most renowned intellectuals. Everyone who had met him says he's an old man with a wondering eye for the ladies. "...You must be another Hawkens North then..." 

"No, I'm the only one." He took a moment then burst out laughing. "Oh my god!! of course! When I played the old man at the Inventors convention!" He fell over from laughter.

"I'm sorry?" She stared at him, dumbfounded.

"OK so I had been publishing books of information for years now, you know to earn some side cash. Well at one point I received an invitation to an inventors convention on Greslend but unfortunately...my face is on their most wanted list due too, hmm complications? anyway, my name wasn't anywhere near them so I used one of my favorite disguises and now everyone believe "Hawkens North" is an old man who likes to flirt with the ladies. ah youth, isn't it grand?" He then started to laugh, remembering how a young lady had fallen down, him catching her in time and coping to a very nice feel when she slapped him silly. He nearly lost his face from that.

She hadn't realized she was closer to him until she was only about a foot away from him."Good, now your closer. come here." he said as he held out his hand to her. "This old man needs some pampering madame." She took his hand without really thinking and was immediately pulled over his lap, her breasts cushioning her over his thigh as her ass hung out on the other end. 

"Wait, what are you doing?" he tried to turn her head to see him but she immediately felt his fingers sliding into her ass. "Ahh, wait...please" She was gasping as he pushed deeper.

"It was damn hard for me to decide if I wanted your tits or your ass first, but damn. OK Strawberry, I have a propositional for you." He continues to slide his fingers in and out of her ass as he spoke making her gasp and wiggle under him. "Do you really want to stay at this dreary old school?"

"ahhhhh...." She forced herself to concentrate. "...where...would...I...gooooooo?" He had slid another finger deep inside of her as she spoke and picked up the pace,

"Well, with me of course. I could use an assistant to keep me out of mischief." He smirked as he felt her juices slide against his leg.

Despite her building pleasure, that got her attention. With Hawkens, she'd learn thinks shes never find in textbooks...not all of them educational, but it was one hell of an offer. "What's...the...catch?" She said, gasping.

He grinned with triumph. "If you survive my tests for the next week then the job's yours. However you are not permitted to go to class or leave my side at any point until the week is up." He quickened his pace.

"Oh god!" She was going to come just from this? She had never let anyone near her ass before. "OK! What... type... of... TESTS?" She screamed the last part as a spasm of pleasure hit her. 

"Mostly ones for my enjoyment but a few of them will actually be important for you to pass. Of course you'll follow my every instruction to the letter." He pulled out just short of her cumming. She moaned in protest.

"Yeses! now don't stop!" He laughed, pulled her head up and kissed her heard.

"Mmmmm just like Strawberry and honey." He pulled away, leaving her panting. "I always wanted to find a good woman to do this to. You wouldn't believe how hard it is to find a hot intelligent woman these days."

He pulled her up and stood up. His own member throbbing. It will have to wait. She pouted at him and muttered something about geniuses always being Limp. He burst out laughing. "No doll, I promise you, I am quite capable. Get dressed. I'm taking you to your new workshop" She did what she was told, reluctantly.

Upon arrival, she just couldn't believe it. He was working directly under the Headmaster's office in the locked labs! " Are you out of your mind! do you want to get caught!" She just couldn't believe him. "What can I say, I work best under pressure. Your first test is going to be an easy one, but first strip down and get up on the lab table, all fours if you will." He turned away to grab a few things.

"Wait, Why?!"

"I'm going to test how well you work with distractions." He called out to her. He sounded a little far off. "...so can't you just make lots of noise and stuff?" Despite her arguing, she did begin to strip.

"I did say it was going to be fun for me, didn't I?" he came over carting a large bowl with things inside. A cloth covered them from view. He tied her down so her ass was at eye level for him and her legs were spread wide. The only thing she could move were her hands and arms up to her elbows. He then blindfolded her.

"Wait, now what are you doing?" She tried to see through the blind fold but couldn't. 

"No cheating aloud." was all he said. He then got up and rolled something over to her. She could hear the tapping sound of chalk hitting a blackboard. When it stopped, she felt a pen being placed into her hand and a book placed in front to her. She heard him move up behind her and the sound of him going through his bag. A few minutes later she felt something cold and metal slip its way into her ass. She screamed out as it slipped all the way in. She panted as her body twitched around it. Suddenly she felt movement. The metal was vibrating inside her. She screamed out in a mixture of pleasure and pain. "And that's my queue." He pulled down the blindfold and gagged her mouth tightly with it. Her eyes were already beginning to glaze over. "Well what do you think of one of my invention? Its called a Ferthen pole, it uses sound to produce a vibrating motion. The sound drives Telthets crazy but this is definitely a nice side benefit." She whimpered in her gag.

"OK so before you is an easy problem. Your job is to solve if before you convulse into orgasms. We needed to start on even ground so the Ferthen pole is set at its minimum. I'll be deliberately trying to distract you. Its important that you learn to focus through the distractions, cause believe me, my job is filled with them. "Understand?" She nodded. He walked around her and gave her a moment to read the problem.

Easy? this is Easy! she stared, dumbfound, at the longest word problem she had ever seen. She read it twice before her eyes began to loose focus.

Behind her, Hawk went to work, licking his lips, he pulled out a seltzer bottle filled with sweet cream, he spread her pussy lips wide, slide the nozzle inside of her and pulled the trigger. She screamed out as something filled her insides and dripped down her leg. She forced her self to focus, her hands were beginning to shake. He began to slice apples, pears and banana's. Slowly, one by one, he slid them deep inside her. With each piece of fruit, she gasped. Her panting grew louder and it became harder for her to concentrate.

"Stay focused." He whispered as he popped grapes inside of her. She let out a loud moan. Finally, he added his new favorite fruit. He pushed four, full sized strawberries deep inside her. Her body began to shake. "Don't loose site of the problem." He then turned the Ferthen pole on higher, causing her to scream into her gag. "oops, forgot this." He placed a bowl directly under her pussy as the first few pieces of fruit began to fall out of her.

She managed to get though most of the problem by now but then he started pulling the Ferthen pole in and out of her ass. She screamed into her gag as passion overcame her. YES, YES YEEEESSSS! Was all that ran through her head. 

"If you don't finish before all the fruit drop out of you you'll be punished." He urged.

Gulping down another scream of pleasure she began to work fast. He quickened his own pace and the fruit kept pouring out of her, thick with cream and her own cum. She managed to finish just as he put the pole on full blast, sending her convulsively over the edge as wave after wave of orgasms hit. The last of the fruit came out and her own come was now dripping thickly over it.

"Very nice timing. As a reword..." He pushed the bowl out of the way and pressed his mouth to her throbbing pussy. He began to masterfully lick her clean. Scrapping the cum and cream out of her with his tongue. She screamed louder into her gag and came so hard she passed out.

He laughed to himself and began to eat his fruit as he untied her. He was definitely going to enjoy this...the problem was, His cock was aching so hard it was practically standing straight up. He groaned to himself as he carried Azel over to the furs he had been using as a bed. As she slept, he began to go over her answer. Tomorrow was going to be even more fun.