 In the highest point of a very large black tower was a single window. Within this very window was the silhouette of a figure with a large pointed hat. Only one person was known to live here. The dark magic wizard Olaf. Olaf stood over a crystal ball, his long fingers caressing the orb. His hideously miskept finger nails, both yellowish and broken, tapped on the ball gently has he looked to be massaging the object.

Appearing inside the object was none other than the woman he wanted most. The one who's breasts he had enhanced to almost unimaginable proportions to bring about his own prophecy and, of course, to fulfill his lustful desires was the buxom beauty herself, Joscelin.

Within his spherical orb he watched has Joscelin, his old assistant Driggle, and their newest companion Gwendolyn told of their battle with the gremlin menace to Gwen's father,and Elder of the elven village of Enedalur, Zie.

They spoke of what all transpired within the cave and how Gwen was saved from her unfortunate predicament by the blonde and the imp.

With a swirl of his index finger, Olaf focused the crystal's attention onto Joscelin. More so her huge, magically enhanced breasts just full of sweet milk.

"Oh yes, my beauty. That bountiful bosom of yours will be mine once again!" laughed the old wizard.

Olaf turned away from the crystal ball and over to his table. On the table were a small cauldron with a small flame lit underneath. Some strange liquid was boiling inside. He sniffed the air around the boiling cauldron, "Ah! Yes almost ready!" Olaf announced proudly. He grabbed a strange gem that sat next to the wizard's concoction and brought it over to what resembled a pentagram. A huge circle drawn onto the floor with an eye in the middle. He sat the gem in the center then walked back to his cauldron.

"Once this is complete, I'll be able to teleport myself to that busty cow." He told himself, "I must be quick in doing so. I only have one opportunity at this, so I must get her at her most vulnerable."

~~~

After talking with the Elder, Gwendolyn offered for both Joscelin and Driggle to share her bed for rest. She turned to the busty blonde, looking at her with bedroom eyes, "So, what do you say?" Gwen slowly brought her hand up to gently hold Joscelin's.

The buxom beauty's heart fluttered has her cheeks became reddish, "Um, Y-yes! Absolutely!

Gwen gave a big warm smile then hugged Josie tight. Their huge breasts squished together creating a spectacular amount of cleavage. Zie smiled at the affectionate display, while Driggle's jaw nearly fell to the floor as he stared in awe at both women and their humongous love pillows.

Later that evening as the three companions slept, Joscelin awoke suddenly. Though she was not having a nightmare, more accurately she had no dreams at all. Just darkness and a strange feeling of being watched. She breathed a sigh of relief as she looked to her right and saw Gwen and Driggle sound asleep. Driggle laid snoring between the two beauties. Before they had fallen asleep, both Gwen and Joscelin gave their armor and clothing to Zie to have them cleaned. This left the babes totally nude, much to Driggle's liking. The small imp groped and suckled apon both pairs of breasts happily until he sucommed to exhaustion and passed out.

Once he was asleep, Gwen had kissed Josie on the cheek and bid the busty blonde goodnight. Now fully awake, the buxom beauty rose from the bed carefully as to not disturb her companions. She walked over to the open window. She heard the crickets chirping through the cool night air. From the look of the sky she knew dawn would be breaking over the horizon in only a short while.

But then Josie heard a faint rustle in the bushes near the forest. Her eyes scanned the best they could, trying to see through the blackness and into the trees. Then she saw something. Two slightly glowing red dots appeared in one of the trees. She thought they resembled eyes, "But.. They're glowing red." She thought.

They eyes began to glow a bit brighter. Almost pulsating like the embers of a fire. She felt a strange sensation overtake her while staring into them. Josie wanted to look away but found she could not. She felt like she was losing track of time but still she was unable to drop her gaze away from the hypnotic glowing.

"Joscelin." She heard a voice whisper. Was it from the thing that possessed the red eyes?

"Joscelin!" The voice said louder as she felt a hand touch her shoulder. In that moment, Josie was able to turn away from the eyes and looked over her shoulder to find Gwendolyn had woken up.

"Is everything alright?" Gwen asked.

Joscelin looked out the window again to find the eyes were gone. She turned back to Gwen and told her well endowed friend, "Yes. Everything is fine." She said with a half-smile. Thinking it best to just put the strange happening out of her mind.

"It looks like the sun is ready to rise. How about we head over to the lake and help each other get washed." Gwen said seductively as she placed her hands on Josie's wide hips. The busty blonde blushed, "I'd like that."

She leaned in and kissed Gwen passionately. The pair quietly moved passed the snoring imp and headed for the lake.

Once the two buxom babes made it to the lake, only covered by small towels made of elven material, they chose to embrace the coldness of the water together. tossing the towels to the side, both lovely ladies held hands as they began to walk into the water. They giggled and laughed a loud at just how silly they must have looked as they both were hesitant to fully enter the lake. Their nipples became fully erect once they made it about waist deep. Gwen taking notice of Joscelin's, and Joscelin taking notice of Gwen's. The pair stared at each other, admiring one another's natural beauty.

Josie walked over to Gwen, placing her hands on her hips, as Gwen did the same. Both women began to kiss each other softly. The busty blonde brought one of her hands up and began to tease the elf's tender nub. This sparked a great amount of lust in Gwen who in return began to kiss Josie more intensely and even brought her own hand up and groped the blonde's huge milk-filled teet.

They both enjoyed the passionate foreplay a bit longer. Gwendolyn then broke their kiss and began to leave a trail of kisses down Joscelin's neck, her shoulder, then to her lovely breast. Gwen, like so many others, wondered what her milk must taste like, and as she kissed the bountiful flesh one last time, she then began suckling on the inch long nipple.

The buxom beauty's body responded quickly to the hungry mouth of Gwen as she began to lactate. Milk practically gushing out of her tit has the elf slurped and drank mouthfuls of the warm liquid. It tasted like nothing else before, Gwen thought. So warm, so sweet, even a bit salty. It was incredible.

Josie felt her pussy tingle furiously. Though after a good amount of milk was sucked from her wonderfully huge tit, she felt that all too familiar weakening feeling.

"G..Gwen.." Joscelin spoke softly, "Gwen, as much as I love the feeling of you on my bosom. The more you drink the weaker I become."

The young busty elf stopped her suckling and looked into Josie's beautiful blue eyes, "Olaf.."

Joscelin hung her head, remembering who gave her these lovely breasts in the first place. Gwendolyn placed her hand under the blonde's chin and guided her eyes back to her own green ones, " You may see these as a curse, but they are anything but." Gwen said softly, "These breasts do not define who you are, your actions to. You are a kind and capable woman and these don't take away from that."

Josie shed a single tear at the kind words and brought Gwen in for another passionate kiss. Their tongues wrestled in each other's mouths as their hands caressed their voluptuous bodies.

The buxom beauty brought her hand down between Gwen's shapely thighs and to her shaven womanhood. She began to toy with the elf babe's clit making Gwendolyn gasp and moan with pleasure. Josie slowly guided her to the edge of the lake and laid Gwen on her back. The busty blonde adventurer kissed her neck, then her giant mams, all the way down to Gwen's pussy. With her fingers she gently began to insert them inside the elven beauty as her tongue licked her clitoris.

Gwen started to breathe heavily as Joscelin enjoyed the taste of her cunt. This was all new to Joscelin. She had never made love to another woman before. She felt her own pussy tingle furiously as she began to quicken her licks and gentle sucks on Gwen's clit. Her fingers pushing in and out of the young elf causing her to cry out, "Oooh! Joscelin, I'm cumming!"

Gwendolyn's hips rose pushing her pussy more into Joscelin's face as her juices practically gushed out of her womanhood. After a few moments and spasms her hips collapsed back to the ground. Joscelin brought her fingers out of her and put them in her own lovely mouth. Tasting the delightful pussy juice. She smiled at the fact she had just made a woman cum.

"That..That was wonderful." Gwen said panting hard, " Now it's your turn."

With that, she grabbed the big titted blonde's wrist and brought her down. She rolled herself on top of Joscelin, their tits pushed together as Gwen kissed her lover again. She lowered her head to Josie's lovely tight and pink pussy. She used bother her thumbs to spread her lips apart and stuck her wet tongue into her hole.

"A..Ah!" cried Joscelin with passion as she felt the elf lick around inside of her cunt. Joscelin closed her eyes and threw her head back placing hand on Gwen's head as she was eaten out on the edge of the lake.

Of course such a beautiful scene did not go unnoticed as the perverted alchemist, Bushy, was spying on the two busty lovers from the bushes. He was looking for some herbs for his latest potions but noticed the big titted babes once they had entered the lake. He was jerking his old cock as he spied on the women.

"Oh yesss.. That's right Gweny, eat that blonde bitch's cunt like the slut you are! Don't worry I'll be sure to show your pussy some attention next time you step into my shop!" With the thought of him pounding Gwen's tight pussy in his mind as he watched Joscelin spasm almost the same as her elven friend had done, Bushy came hard his seed painting the bush in front of him.

~~~

After the two lovely ladies had finished their morning of naughtiness, they met with Driggle to go over the best route to get to the Black Tower.

"Well thanks to Elder Zie's map, it seems that the fastest way to get to Olaf is to go through Bonehollow Crypt."

"Bonehollow Crypt?" asked Joscelin, "Isn't that place guarded by the undead?"

"Yeah, it is." responded Driggle.

"Whatever evil we face, we face them together." announced Gwen. The trio looked at each other and nodded. They had their directions and were almost ready to set off. Gwen just needed to grab some supplies from her father. Joscelin told Driggle to help their elven friend while she went to find a potion similar to the one the traveling trader Jim had given her. Hopefully not one that made her a big titted slut hungry for cock like the other did.

"Be careful around Bushy, if he does anything to you.."

"Don't worry, Gwen. I can handle him." Joscelin said giving a reassuring smile.

She walked over to Bushy's shop and attempted to open the door. "Locked? At this time?" thought the big breasted blonde.

She looked around and noticed there were some strange imprints on the ground leading away from the shop. They looked like markings a snake would leave behind. "Perhaps that pervert has a fear of snakes." she suggested to herself. But something inside her compelled her to see where this trail led. So she followed it.

~~~

"Um.. Shouldn't we be getting things ready?" Gwendolyn said to Driggle who was at the moment sucking on one of the elf's massive teets. When Joscelin left the pair they had gathered some supplies from Gwen's father and went to her room to organize everything and plan for the journey through Bonehollow.

But as Gwen was getting ready, Driggle couldn't help but become super erect at the sight of the red-headed elf's huge mams. When he saw her in just her blue bra he just couldn't wait a moment longer and just had to taste those puppies.

"I..mph..I know, I just ..mmm so good! You're just so beautiful I..Yummph!" the naughty imp replied as he suckled feverishly on the pale, slightly freckled tit.

"You could have at least asked first." said Gwen finding his perversion a little cute. Maybe it was just is small stature. Maybe it was the fact she knew he meant no harm in what he was doing. If she told him to stop, she knew he would.

Driggle sucked as much of her tit in his mouth as possible then pulled his head back. Stretching the massive melon to as far as he could take it then let his mouth unlatch sending the tit flying back into Gwen's chest. The abundant flesh jiggled and quaked hard as it began to form its normal shape.

"Wow these breasts are lovely! I just can't get enough of them!" he said as he pulled out the other massive jug and began feasting on it.

"I'm sure Joscelin's are much better than mine, Driggle."

"Mm.. Well hers I like because the milk is something out of this world, but the bigger the better in my book!" Driggle slurped and slobbered all over the two twin orbs. Squishing her nipples together and then sucking both nubs into his little red mouth.

"We really should get back to getting ready.." Gwen said after a couple of minutes more.

Driggle just gave a small groan as a reply to the suggestion.

~~~

Joscelin had wandered far into the woods surrounding the village, following the odd trail. Until it suddenly ended at the trunk of a large oak tree.

Puzzled she looked up into the tree trying to see and sign of Bushy or whatever lef the trail. As her eyes scanned the tree she saw some limbs moving as leaves fell from them.

"B..Bushy is that... What the?!"

A body came into view as it fell from the tree. Crashing into many limbs and breaking off branches as it came down to the ground. Joscelin looked in shocked as it was Bushy. The old elf laid dead, his body covered in what looked to be saliva.

The buxom beauty went to unsheathed her sword but was caught off guard as she felt something brush against her wide backside. She jumped and spun around to see a snake. Though this snake wasn't normal. Though it had the scaly skin and tail, the top half looked vaguely human. Like a woman, the creature had small breasts with green colored nipples. Its head was void of hair and nose was only two slits.

"A.. Lamia?!" Shouted Josie, the fear making her voice crack slightly.

Joscelin looked into the lamia's eyes, they glowed a faint red color. She found herself unable to look away from them though she desperately wanted to.

"The namesss Sevia, cow." The creature spoke, "My my my, what huge titsss you have here." Sevia placed her hands onto the bountiful bosom and squeezed them roughly. Joscelin's breasts reacted almost immediately as they began leaking her milk. Sevia lowered her head as her forked tongue began to lick up the droplets of tit nectar. Her eyes never leaving Josie's own blue ones. The snake woman's eyes began to glow brighter as Joscelin felt her mind melting away into a dream like state.

Once Sevia felt her pry was fully under her spell, she began to remove the brown bra like top. Once she saw the blonde's huge naked boobs in all their glory she waisted little time in taking one into her reptilian mouth. As she nursed on the big tit her jaw began to disconnect and began to swallow not just one breast, but both.

Stopping once her lips had reached her ribcage. Then the snake beast began to swallow gallons of milk at one time. A huge lump formed in her throat and trailed down into her stomach. After only a couple of minutes, Joscelin became limp and if it was not for the powerful sucking she would have collapsed onto the ground.

~~~

"Ugh! Ugh! Uugghh!!" grunted Driggle.

"Would you keep your voice down! My father is in the other room!" Gwen said in a hushed tone.

The imp was pounding his little cock hard and fast in to the busty elf's cunt. "Oh right, sorry." replied the imp out of breath. He pumped his cock a few more times then unleashed his load inside her tight and wet pussy.

"Wow, that was a good fuck, Gwen."

"I wish I could say the feeling was mutual." scoffed the busty redhead sarcastically. She quickly began to clean herself off and while doing so she wondered where her blonde companion was. "We need to go look for her. If that pervert is doing anything foul to her I swear I'll kill him."

The pair gathered their things and walked over to Bushy's shop.

~~~

Back in the forest, Sevia was still feasting on the blonde's tasty breast milk. With a few more gulps she finally let the limp Joscelin fall to the ground. Milk spraying forth from her engorged teets.

"Yummy, yummy, my sssweet little cow. You are just a full coarse meal it ssseemss." hissed the nasty reptilian woman. She slithered over to the dazed adventurer and looked over her limp body with hungry eyes. "It'sss time I had all of you inside me." giggled Sevia. She lowered her body lying level to the ground over the busty Joscelin's head. Sevia's jaw unhinged again and then slowly began to devour the buxom beauty from head and down to her toes.

Slurping and moaning with delight as Josie slipped deeper in her throat. Her forked tongue licking over every inch of her perfect body as she was forced further, and further down inside the snake woman. Her arms laid squeezed to her sides as Sevia struggled just a little making it past the huge and still leaking tits. But once she made it over her bountiful bosom the rest of Joscelin slipped much easlier in to her expanding stomach. That was until she was at her plump ass.

Although Sevia was enjoying her meal, she did want to hurry things up a bit. So she took the end of her tail and positioned it in front of the blonde's shaven cunt. She plunged it deep inside Josie, causing the blonde to begin to fidget slightly. Sevia began pushing her deeper with the use of her scaly tail.

Just then, a whistling sound broke through the wind. Then Sevia felt a severe pain hit her tail as it pushed Joscelin further inside her. She lashed her tail out of the adventurer and regurgitated her quickly so she could let out a high-pitched scream. Though her scream was cut short as an arrow punctured her throat. Gripping her neck in pain, Sevia without hesitation quickly rushed off in to the woods not taking the chance of being killed.

Gwen and Driggle leapt from the bushes and rushed over to the unconscious but still alive Joscelin. She was soaked in milk and siliva. As Gwen took the magical cloth and began cleaning her friend off hurridly. Driggle looked over to the deceased Bushy. The imp held his head, knowing the elf was a perverted foul person, he still did not wish death upon him.

"Come on Joscelin, wake up!" shouted Gwen. The blonde's eyes began to slowly flutter. "That's it! Oh thank the Maker!" excited to see her friend and lover still alive.

"G..Gwen? Driggle?" Josie spoke weakly.

"Yeah it's us Joscelin." said Driggle, "You're going to be just..." Before the imp could finish his sentence, a huge blinding flash of light exploded in front of them. Then both Gwen and Driggle were flung back away from Joscelin.

Stunned the pair struggled to regain their sense as a portal opened up next to the buxom beauty and out stepped the wizard himself. Olaf. He held his hand over Joscelin as she looked up at him with fear, shock, and anger. She felt herself be pulled up to his out stretched hand as he gripped her blonde hair roughly causing the busty babe to cry out.

"Come my pet, it's time you came back home!" laughed the evil wizard.
