 Well here's my next chapter n.n I decided to dedicate this one to ladybug71. I never had anyone favorite so many of my stories in one go! You're awesome!


	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	


	Lacreshia found herself tied to her own bed with satin cloth. Her own clothing had been stripped and now she was wearing nothing but some tight little ...what the hell was it? A maid outfit? She couldn't scream out due to another satin cloth gagging her mouth.

	"I have been waiting for you to wake up Red." An all to familiar voice whispered. She immediately started to struggle with furry. Her long rabbit ears twitched in his direction. Arrossire.  

	Kaiden approached her slowly. His upper body was completely bare in the room's candle light. His long tail swayed back and forth behind him as he moved closer. She struggled more with her restraints, but instead of loosening, they grew tighter. She felt her bed give in to his weight as he crawled up to her like a beast ready to pounce on his prey.

	"Ah Red, I've waited far to long to have you." His lips nipped at her neck. Furry filled her eyes as she glared up at him. This was wrong damn it! She was the one who needed to be in control. SHE was the one who should be gloating! One of his hands slid down her waist and up the tiny skirt. She yelled out into the gag but he simply ignored it. Without hesitating, he slid two fingers inside her pussy, relishing in the warm tight sensations. She moaned angrily into the gag. His lips moved down her collar bone over the silk costume, fastening them onto one of her breasts. Despite her anger her body arched up against them.

	"Lacreshia...You know this is what you really want..." He whispered against her breast, his fingers push deeper inside of her. His tongue flicked over her covered nipple, forcing a moan from her lips. Her eyes widened in shock as his thumb began to rub against her clit. His free hand forced her legs further apart. She started to struggle again, this time she fought harder.

	"Uh uh uh, you're not escaping now Red" His lips moved to her other breast and his fingers quickened his pace. Her body arched up involuntarily as she was brought closer to an orgasm. He pulled his mouth away from her breasts and yanked out the gag. Before she could scream out or curse, his lips covered her. She felt fingers wrap behind her neck, holding her in place.

	Despite herself, she moaned into his mouth, loosing all rational thought in the sensations he put her through. As he nipped and licked her lips, his fingers began to quicken. She pushed her legs wider apart as her breathing sped faster. Oh my god! When he pulled his lips apart from hers she began to yell out in gasps of pleasure. She felt her body tingle everywhere from her bound hands to her stretched out toes. 

	"Oh god! K....KKKKKaiden!" She screamed out as her body convulsed into an orgasm. As she came, her vision began to blur. Moments later, she woke up in a cold sweat in her own bed, her legs dripping wet from the orgasm she had felt in her sleep.

	Oh god...the dreams are getting worse. She shot up and screamed for Chris. She needed to take her frustrations out on her first mate.

	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-


	Jace yawned as he continued to peel; yet again...big surprise..., MORE potatoes. How many of these damn things did they really need to eat anyways? He glanced over at his new slave driver and glared. The man was actually worse then Kaiden. How the fuck was that possible?

	"Don't whine, just do it." Nathan said. The impossible man was in the process of making breakfast for the crew. For those of you that don't know...that means its bloody fucking early. Jace grudgingly excepted the fact that the man could turn blended vegetable juice into something outrageously delicious, but for the love of god, PLEASE can someone get this man laid!

	"Nate...How did you and my brother meet?"

	"Work."

	"Ah come on! I need something to keep me awake, or all you're going to see is my dead corpse laying around." Jace moaned.

	"...Then you're brother would have said "I told you so"" Nate said, in his annoyingly emotionless voice. When did the bastard ever get riled up? Jace grumbled in response.

	"I was a kid. It was around the time you're brother first joined the old captain's crew." Nate said, surprising the younger man. "I can't really remember how old I was, but I knew I was alone.  Someone eventually picked me up, fed me and put me in clean clothes. As a kid, I thought maybe I finally found a place to be safe. I wasn't." He continued to cook. Jace had gotten so caught up with the normally ridiculously anti-social man's story, he had forgotten to continue to peel.

	"If you stop again, I'll filet you in butter and feed you to the sharks." Nate warned.

	"YES SIR!" Jace quickly continued to work. "Don't stop on my account."

	"..." Nathan glanced over at him without stopping his own chores. For the slightly older man, this new apprentice was a thorn in his side. ...Well he shouldn't be surprised. His brother was, and still is the same way. "The man who picked me up and fed me...he brought me to a slave market. Seems he thought he could make a few bucks off of some street urchin." Jace looked over at the man in shock. "Don't stop." Nate held up a VERY sharp knife. 

	"EEP" How was it, Jace held the blood of two very strong warrior races, and this human man could scare the fuck out of him? Damn it Kaiden...how the hell did you get this guy?

	"Well...you're brother was there looking for...illegal cargo in the black market for his captain... Instead of buying the cargo, he bought me. Needless to say the captain wasn't to thrilled, but that's how I became a crew member." He began to crack eggs over a very large skillet, four at a time.

	"...Wait... You were a slave?" He just finished his last potato...thank the heavens. Nate glanced over at him. "I finished! I swear!"

	"Start on the onions then." He gestured to the island behind him where there was a large cutting board, a huge pile of onions and an even bigger empty bowl. Jace grumbled but did what he was told.

	"...at first I hated him and everyone else on board...but I hated something even more then the bastards that bought me. I hated the food. Couldn't stand the crap. One night, I finally got hungry enough to sneak in the kitchen and make some real food. I was caught, and I've been the cook ever since."

	"...I think I have more questions now then when we started..."

	"Enough...get back to work." He told the boy. 

	"...Tyrant."


	Outside the kitchen, Kaiden looked over the decks and into the dark sea. The sun had not risen yet and in two weeks they would arrive at their destination. Until then, they needed a stopping point to replenish their supplies otherwise Nathan would have his neck. Kaiden laughed to himself. He did not want to be Jace right now.

	"...The boy's workin with Nate pretty darn well." Hamish said beside him.

	"You think so, do you?" Kai raised an eyebrow.

	"Me thinks Nate see's a bit o himself in em." The old man stated.

	'...Nate and my brother? Good lord now THAT'S a terrifying combination. My brother just needs to understand what he's gotten himself into. Hell if he survives Nate, he'll survive anything out here." He chuckled.

	"Aye, that be true. Our cook isn't one to be messin with. Have ye thought about where we're stoppin?"

	"...I think the Calcoree Islands. They're close enough not to be a big detour from our destination."

	"...We better keep the laddie aboard then." With that Kaiden's old first mate went to work at the helm. The younger man forced himself not to laugh. Jace better do as he's told on this one.


	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	

	"Why the hell do I need to stay on board?" Jace yelled back at his brother. Much of the crew were already in the process of unloading empty creates to collect fresh fruit and supplies. They had arrived at one of the islands late in the afternoon and Jace was itching to go for a run. The island didn't look much like people have touched it. Nothing but tropical trees and white sands as far as he could see.

	"Listen to you're brother." Nathan said as he passed the boy. He himself was carrying some fishing lines and nets.

	"Aw come on! I could help Nate catch some food or something! You know I can handle myself in a fight Kaiden." He argued.

	"Fine, do what you want! But don't say I didn't warn you." He warned his baby brother.

	"Alright!" Jace nearly jumped as he walked the plank down off the ship. 

	"If you're not back at the ship by tomorrow morning, we're leaving you here." He told him. Kaiden then turned to his men and gestured for them to move out. Jace was nothing but triumphant grins.

	"Ok so is there anything specific you need me to do?" He asked Nate.

	"No...you'll just get in the way. Take that basket and fill it with fruit. The green ones, not the red or purple ones." He said.

	"Why? You want them before they're ripe?" he asked.

	"No, I want the one's that won't kill you after a bite." 

	"Yes sir!" Jace put the large basket onto his back and happily ran off. It was definitely good to know he shouldn't eat the other fruit. After a bit of a jog to stretch his legs, he began looking up at the funny looking trees and bushes for the fruit he needed. The red fruit looked delicious, all plump and large, like a blown up balloon. No those were bad for you, he reminded himself. 

	The purple fruit grew on the bushes. They were much smaller, but they looked dark and sweet. He reminded himself again, they were poisonous. Geez, it was a good thing Nate told him they were bad for you. If one didn't know, they would jump to try either.

	He continued to walk deeper into the island searching for the right fruit. He felt like it took him forever until he spotted a small clearing with a large fresh water spring. Small trees grew around it as if protecting the water. He licked his lips, not realizing how thirsty he had been. He walked over to the spring, placed the empty basket down and cupped some water into his hands to drink.

	Back at the ship, Nathan was fishing when he had remembered something. "Ah...I forgot to tell him not to drink the water...ah well, it won't kill him." He went back to his fishing.

	Jace took a deep drink of the clear water and sighed with relief. That really hit the spot. He stood up to took a better look around and grinned from ear to ear. On the small trees, round, orange-like, green fruit grew. He began to hum to himself as he picked the fruit.

	Jace was so happy with himself, he did not notice three pairs of yellow eyes watching him from behind. When he finished filling the basket, he set it down again and turned to take one last drink of water. A he bent down to drink more of the water he noticed the reflection of shadows moving closer to him. He had thought they were members of his brother's crew.

	"I just finished collecting the fruit. I'll head back to the shi...p" as he had turned to face them he was whacked in the head by something, knocking him unconscious.



	Jace groaned as he came too. He felt cold under the evening air. He felt cold...and he couldn't move! His crimson eyes snapped open and he managed to look around. There he was in the middle of the clearing on his knees, naked, with his hands tied behind his back by the strips of his own tattered clothes. He tried to move his legs but soon realized they too were tied down. 

	"What the fuck?... Oi! if this is anyone's idea of a joke, they better come out!" His tail swayed back and forth angrily. Suddenly he heard movement from behind him and his ear's twitched in that direction. "Come on now, this isn't funny." He heard more movement from his right and then from his front. He looked forward, expecting to see a grinning crew mate ready to let him out of the prank. 


	It wasn't a crew mate.