 I stood in the dark, my left hand on the neck of my guitar, my right hand resting at my side -- pick in hand. I watched as the emcee, a DJ at a local radio station, walked towards the mike. It had been a long time since I had graced the stage at Madison Square Garden. It was over 20 years ago that U2 opened for my band, Leadline. Now I was opening for them. "Ladies and gentleman, welcome back to Madison Square Garden, James Gooooold." 

A smattering of applause echoed through the near empty Garden. It would be more than an hour until Bono and the boys took the stage. Most people kept talking, were milling about in the hallway, or were waiting in line at the concession stands. As the spotlight glared on me, I took a deep breath and started to play. I began with "Life Without Reason", our only #1 hit. Of course it's difficult to make hits when your band self destructs and vanishes into oblivion after only 2 years in the spotlight. Egos, drugs, poor management, you name it, we had it. Unlike many of bands in the VH1 "Behind the Music" specials, we never rebounded. 

I fell into a deep depression, which was mixed with bouts of anxiety and self-loathing. I spent the last 15 years working one crappy job after another. I barely made my rent. I had stopped writing music. As a matter of fact I hardly even played any more. Occasionally I would scrape together some cash by giving music lessons to 10 year olds who though they were the next John Mayer. I had just about hit rock bottom -- okay almost hit rock bottom again -- when I ran into Harry Stennick. 

Harry was Leadline's manager when we hit the mainstream. Just like any good band we fired him as soon as we made it big. I always regretted the decision. I finally had the chance to apologize to him. 

"No need to apologize kid. It was actually the best thing that happenedto me." Harry had become a big shot executive at A&I Records. "You look like you could use a vacation kid." Harry always called me kid even though he was only 2 years older than me. 

"I could use a lot more than a vacation Harry", I responded. 

"That may be, but tell you what. I've got a little place in the Caribbean; it's a very small island right off of St.Croix. My jet will take you there." 

"Your jet?", I practically gushed out. 

"Like I said kid, everything has worked out well for me. I ask one favor of you." 

"What is that?" 

"You take your guitar with you and you try writing. You don't have to come up with anything, but just try. I'll have the plane ready for you in 2 hours." It was impossible to turn down an offer like that. I quickly said, "yes", before he could change his mind and packed a beat up old suitcase. I grabbed my guitar, some pads and pencils, and before I knew it I could see the New York skyline fading in the background. 

We landed around 8 PM. It was dark out, but the temperatures were still in the upper 80s. It felt fantastic. A jeep took me to a small, smartly decorated house about 2 miles from the airport. The driver wished me well and told me he would see me when it was time to return in a week. I muttered, "don't bother", but he either didn't hear me or didn't think it was that funny. The refrigerator was fully stocked with freshly cooked seafood. I took out a lobster and opened a bottle of chardonnay I found in the small wine cooler that was in the kitchen. 

I looked through a large collection of CDs before putting on some jazz. It always helped me relax. "I could get used to this", I said to myself as I looked around the house. I couldn't see the ocean, but I could certainly hear it, the waves crashing on the shore. I laid back on the couch, taking it all in. 

Before I knew it was 7 AM and the sun was piercing through the back windows. I hadn't been up that early in ages. I decided this was the new me or the old new me, and I was going to take a walk along the shoreline. I slipped into a pair of shorts and a tee-shirt and headed out. I had walked about a mile and a half, when I saw something red in the distance. There were large grey rocks marking the end of the beach and something bright red in front of them - but I had no clue what it was. That was until I got to within about 100 feet. It was a strikingly beautiful redhead. She was completely naked. Her long limbs relaxed on the smooth rocks as she stared out at the ocean. She was smiling, and apparently, unaware of my existence. 

I startled as she turned towards me, but she didn't flinch. She just smiled and looked back at the ocean. I was so transfixed I hadn't even realized I was now standing about 10 feet away from her. A rise began inside my shorts as I gazed at her gorgeous breasts. They were nice handfuls that I craved to have in my mouth at that moment. As if she knew what I was thinking, she looked towards me again and motioned for me to come closer. I took a couple of steps before she gave me a sheepish grin and descended gracefully from the rocks. Everything about her exuded sex and passion. Without saying a word she reached out towards me, grabbing my t-shirt and helped lift it up over my head. She then proceeded to lower my shorts down to my ankles. As I stepped out of them she grinned broadly at my bulge. Again without saying a word she climbed back up onto her perch on the rocks. I didn't wait for another signal and quickly climbed up, sitting beside her. 

For the next hour or so she just sat there staring out at the water. A complete vision of relaxation. My eyes darted back and forth from her to the water. For whatever reason, I didn't utter a sound either. Suddenly she turned towards me, smiled, and descended from the rocks. Before I could get down she strode into the water and began swimming away. I finally yelled out, "Wait", but she never looked back and disappeared from sight. 

That night I kicked myself for just sitting there and doing nothing. Now here I was in the shower, my stiff cock in my hand, taking care of my own business. The orgasm was a good release, but was nowhere near satisfying. My only hope was that the raven haired girl would reappear tomorrow. 

When I awoke the next morning, I could hear the strain of a few guitar chords in my head. It stuck with me as I ate breakfast. I thought I knew the tune, but I couldn't place it. I showered and shaved in case I ran into the mystery girl, and headed off down the beach. Just as the day before, the first thing I saw was a bright red glow in the distance. As I neared, I the rocky area, I saw that the object of my desire was in a reclined position, her head laying against the rocks. 

Her face was positioned skyward. Her eyes were closed. She looked completely serene. And once again she wore nothing. This time she didn't move until I got within a few feet of her. It seemed, however, that she knew exactly where I was at all times. 


I was about to scale the rock when she put up her left hand in a gesture to stop me. I looked at her quizzically and she pointed to my shorts. I grinned as I realized what she meant and removed my trunks. Now she motioned for me to come towards her. As I did, I fully took in this beauty with my eyes. Her long silky red hair, round tanned breasts, nipples that were nearly standing at attention, and her silky smooth, long legs. And her mound was completely smooth, not a hair in sight. 

I was now completely erect and growing even harder as she spread her legs apart and motioned with her head for me to move between her legs. 

I moved towards her, laying on my stomach, my head directly in front of her already moist pussy. I slid my hands under her warm, toned ass and pulled her up to my mouth. My tongue immediately began to flick at her clit. Her response was instantaneous. She let out a long sigh and arched her back slightly. She played with stiff nipples and as my tongue plunged into her. I looped my left arm around her leg and start working her clit with my fingers. My tongue fucked her as I buried my face in her wetness. She bucked violently against me and soon dug both hands in my hair and somehow pulled me even closer. She looped her right leg around my back and start rubbing her heel up and down my torso. Her hips thrusted upward as one orgasm after another shook her body. 

Her left leg joined her right one around my back as she continued to cum on my probing tongue and fingers. "Fuck me now", she blurted out. It was the first time she had spoken. She relaxed her leg grip and I slid forward. My cock felt like it had radar as the head slipped inside of her soaked pussy. As I began to thrust my length inside of her, she again wrapped her legs around me and pulled me in tightly. I tried to slow my rhythm to keep from orgasming too quickly, but each time I slowed, my gorgeous redhead pushed me back into her with her legs. I could feel her cum on my cock and I responded in kind by having an earth shaking orgasm inside of her. 

After a few minutes to catch our breath, she sat up and kissed me deeply on the lips. Her tongue explored the inside of my mouth and I could feel myself starting to get aroused again. Then she whispered in my ear, "let it go", before descending from the rock and diving into the water. "What?, What do you mean?", I asked as I quickly jumped down onto the sand, and dove in after her. She was a much better swimmer than me though and disappeared around the other side of the rocks before I could get near her. 

I walked back to the house feeling both satisfied and unsatisfied. I had just had one of the most amazing sexual experiences of my life and yet I was thoroughly confused. What had she meant by that? Let it go? Let what go? Who was she? I would be asking myself these questions for several days. 

The next day I got up at the crack of dawn determined to get to the rock area before "Red". I started calling her that to myself because I needed to call her something. The sun was just starting to rise above the horizon I approached the rocks. The tide was just starting to go out and the sea gulls were picking through some crabs that had washed ashore. I stopped dead in my tracks, completely astonished. There she was laying on the rocks on her stomach. As usual she was nude and she was smiling at me. I started to walk towards her when I realized I had to remove my trunks and windbreaker. The air was somewhat cooler than it had been on previous mornings and it was evident by how hard her nipples were when she leaned on one hand, exposing herself to me. 

I was determined to get some answers from her. To determine who she was, where she came from. I started to speak, but she put her index finger to her mouth to silence me. Before I could try again her tongue hit the tip of my cock. I went from flaccid to fully erect within seconds as her tongue worked its way up and down my length. Her fingers caressed my balls and it was all I could do from blowing my load within seconds. Red's mouth closed over the head and slowly descended until she inhaled all of me. Slowly she worked her way back up my shaft until the head popped out. She repeated this maneuver over and over again until finally she began fucking her mouth with my cock. Her saliva coated my cock, legs, and stomach. She increased her speed as my precum dribbled onto her tongue and lips. When she reached up and squeezed my left nipple, I couldn't take it any more. Tremors shook thru my body as my orgasm exploded in her mouth and down her throat. Her mouth didn't let go of my cock until was completely drained of fluid. She continued to suck with a fury until I was completely spent. I laid back, completely exhausted, but happy. No sooner had I begun to relax when I heard the splash in the water. I didn't have to look to know she was gone again. I jumped to my feet when I heard her say "Let it go". But she was nowhere to be found. I knew what I heard, that I wasn't imagining it. I just couldn't figure out what it meant. 

I was muttering to myself as I walked back to the house, when I suddenly heard the chords in my head. Only this time the song went further...much further. 

I raced back to the house and grabbed got my guitar. I started playing exactly what I was hearing. I also grabbed some paper and a pencil and began putting the notes down on paper. I still could swear that I must have heard this song before. It had been so long since I had written anything that I had deemed worthwhile that I didn't even remember what it was like when I could write an entire album in a month. I spent all night working at the song until I finally passed out on the couch at about 2 or 3 in the morning. 

I woke up at dawn and put up a pot of coffee while I took a quick shower. Within the hour I was back to the rocks. This time I didn't bother to put any clothes on. I figured, why waste the time. When Red saw me her grin was bigger than usual. She nodded her head as if to approve my look. She stood up and turned around, kneeling down all fours, her head slightly forward and her magnificent ass pointing upwards. She looked over her shoulder at me and I knew exactly what she wanted. 

I quickly ascended the rocks and looked down upon her gorgeous frame. Her ass was glistening from what I assumed was baby oil or lotion and it was clear she had been preparing for a different entrance. I puhed the head of my cock slowly into her ass and she let out a low guttural moan. The thickness of my cock spread her opening wider as each inch pushed inside of her. She distributed her weight to her left arm and cupped her right breast in her hand. She began licking and sucking on her right nipple, which made me even hotter and hornier. I began to slowly thrust back and forth, each time feeding my full length into Red's ass. She moaned and let out pleasure filled groans, but still said no "real" words. That is until she whispered, "Let it go". In response my hands gripped both sides of her hips tightly and I began to increase the speed of my thrusts. I slammed her hips into me as I my cock slammed the inside of her tight ass. Her fingers went to work on her clit and it wasn't long before she was cumming on them. 

Each time she reached an orgasm her muscles squeezed my cock and my balls ached. I began to thrust so quickly I was afraid I would knock Red onto the beach below. Just as she got herself off again and I let out a let groan and I shot what seemed like an endless supply of thick cum into her ass. I pulled out and cum leaked out of her ass and down between her legs. She reached back and started rubbing it, enjoying it. I seized the moment while I could. 

I quickly got down from our perch and ran into the brisk water. It felt great on my skin. I swam out towards the outer edge of the water and waited. And waited and waited. After 10 minutes I swam back to shore only to find that Red was gone. She couldn't have walked down the beach towards the house, which means she would have had to have scaled the treacherous rocks. There was no way that was possible without her cutting herself up. I looked down at my feet. There written in the sand was "Let it go". I heard something behind me and turned around to see Red smiling at me from about the same spot I had been waiting. And then she swam off. "What the fuck", I whispered. 

That would be the last time I would see her, at least until the morning I left. I had been up late finishing the song so I was in desperate need of a hot shower that morning. The hot water was invigorating and I started to wake from my slumber. That's when I felt the hands on my stomach. I startled and spun around to see Red standing there...in my shower...smiling. 

"Holy shit, you nearly scared me to death." She shook her head from side to side as she continued to smile. "Who are you", I pleaded. "Where did you come from? Are you mute?" This time she put her index finger to my lip to quiet me. Then she put both hands on my chest and slid them down my body as she knelt down before me. She held my cock to the side and began tonguing the underside of my balls. I quickly began to stiffen in her grasp. She responded by stroking my shaft as her tongue continued to work its magic. I leaned against the side of the shower for balance as her tongue shifted its attention to my shaft. The tip of her tongue glided up and down each inch and over the thickness as her hand massaged my balls. She slowed down as she sensed the impending explosion and kissed her way up my stomach. Her hand remained tightly gripped around my cock as her tongue and teeth playfully teased my nipples. She occasionally switched hands to lick the mounting precum off of them. She kissed her way back down my chest and stomach and quickly engulfed my hardness, shoving it to the back of her throat. Her head turned as it bobbed up and down with great speed. 

My hand grabbed the back of her head and shouted, "Oh God!" as my cock exploded. Some cum leaked out of the corners of her mouth, but most of it pumped directly down her throat. My body twitched as she sucked me dry, lapping up and seed that had escaped her. 

I sank down to my knees, looking directly into her eyes. She smiled and reached out, caressing my cheek with her hand. With that she stood up and lovingly said, "Good-bye", and stepped out of the shower. 

"No wait", I said as I scurried to follow. I slipped and came down hard on one knee. "Fuck". I got up as quickly as I could and limped my way into the other room. But she was gone. 

---- 

As the plane approached I was surprised to see someone sitting next to the pilot. It was Harry. "What are you doing here?" I yelled over the sound of the engines. 

"I wanted to talk to you before you got back to the city", Harry said smiling as he shook my hand. 

An hour later we were taking off. I peered out the window lost in thought. Harry noticed - "what's up kid?" 

"You know anything about a redhead down here?" 

"A redhead? Of course. Everyone down here knows her." Harry now had my full attention. Harry clicked a switch and spoke to the pilot. 

"What do you mean everyone?", I responded quizzically. 

"She's legendary. "Charlie," he said to the pilot, "swing around and show my boy here the redhead." Moments later, the plane slowed and Harry pointed out the window. "There she is, the redhead". 

I quickly looked out the window expecting to see my mysterious beauty. Instead I saw the rock formation that I met her at every day. From my vantage point I could now see the top of the rocks. The top of the rocks was a glowing red color. The same color as her hair. 

"I don't understand", I mumbled. 

"What do you mean? You asked me about the redhead and there she is. They say the rocks got that color when a ship crashed on the rocks in the 1800s. It was carrying a woman who was to be wed. She drowned right off of the coast. They say the rocks are the color of her hair. It's a nice story, but it sounds like a bunch of bullshit. If you ask me it's probably just from algae and fish or something." 

As the plane started to climb, my nose was nearly pressed up against the glass of the window. There was nothing on the other side of the rocks. No beach, nothing - where could she have swam to? It was much too far to reach St. Croix or any of the other islands. I sat silently the rest of the flight home. 

---- 

Over the next few months I wrote and recorded an entire album. My first solo project! That's what led to tonight's concert. I was just about finished, the crowd was polite, but clearly it was time for me to get off the stage and for U2 to come on. 

"For my final song of the night," I said before being interrupted by a loud cheer, "I'd like to bring on a friend of mine to help me out. Put your hands together for Bono!" For the next four minutes and twenty-seven seconds, the two of sang the title track from my new album, "The Redhead of the Rocks". I left to a loud ovation, albeit somewhat encouraged by Bono. 
