 Part the first - In which temptation breaks a seal. 

Sister Shelley crept slowly into the room. It was her responsibility to feed their captive, as it had been for the lowest lay sister for centuries. But, like all before her, she feared her duty. Coming so close to evil... So close to an embodiment of sin... She shivered, and gripped her rosary tightly, marshalling her thoughts. 

Grimacing, she stepped into the chamber. Runes circled the figure within, glowing with a gentle blue radiance that, even now, calmed the spirit. She could reach within, but couldn't be touched. But the occupant could still speak, and she could still... Was still... Naked, her genitalia on proud display, always hard, the other always lightly glistening. Her crimson breasts gently heaved, and the callous smile, framed by curled, black hair and ram's horns, made it clear that this was all quite deliberate. Even her voice, when she spoke, was a poisoned sweetness. 

And today was one of the days she spoke. 

"Oh, good sister... Has it been all of a week since last we saw each other?" The succubus licked her lips "I always... look forward to your visits." Sister Shelley flushed scarlet, but didn't speak. It was usually better that way. Timidly, she placed the bowl, its contents still fresh, still sticky, within the circle. It was a necessary evil, this. A lesser sin to fend off a greater. But her hands still felt soiled, and she grasped her rosary once again. 

The succubus, meanwhile, sat, her legs crossed, but spread enough that she was still on display, and reached for her bowl. She lifted it, and inhaled, her mouth open in a smile of pleasure as she did so. And then she looked, slyly, at Sister Shelley. 

"Mmmm... I enjoy it much more when it's fresh. I bet your hands are still a little sticky, even after washing them. Ohhh, I'd enjoy licking it from those dainty hands... And elsewhere..." She chuckled, to Sister Shelley's further embarassment. "But still... Needs must when the she-devil drives, eh?" And she tilted the bowl, and supped, deep and loudly. Thick drops dripped from her lips, lightly spattering the tops of her breasts and sliding between them. Normally, she would lick it off, another deliberate temptation, but this time... She merely cupped one, and smiled. 

Sister Shelley knew that she couldn't take the bowl while the succubus still had it, and this was, without fail, the hardest part on her poor soul. Because this she-devil relished her power, and, even with the threat of no further feeding if she didn't, she leveraged her small amount of power as much as she could. 

Placing the bowl beside her, she looked down at her breasts, contemplatively playing with one, then the other, and looked back at Sister Shelley. Calculating, but never cold. She wished she was cold. 

"Even here, I can see your thoughts, Sister. See your little sins, to fend off the greater..." The sister flinched, but the succubus continued. "...You always work so hard to milk those peasant boys. So hard... And with good rhythm, I might add." If the good Sister could shrink into nothingness, she would. This was a new tack, and she was always afraid of a new assault on her virtue. But the succubus seemed in the mood to play. "Why... You give that one who actually bathes regularly some special treatment, a reward for following the Good Book's saying... What was it? Oh... Yes. Cleanliness is next to Godliness. By the way, you've got a little on your lip. Just here." And she tapped her lip. 

Reflexively, Sister Shelley reached up, and gasped as her fingers touched a drop or two of stickiness, already dripping to her chin from the touch. She glared at the succubus, while rapidly thinking back to how many of the sisters might have seen her. The succubus, meanwhile, simply stared at her nails, nonchalantly smirking. Sister Shelley gripped her rosary harder, and frowned. 

"And you're one to talk, foul one. The stories have been passed down, and I've seen the truth of them, over the past few years. You are far from clean..." She squared her shoulders, suddenly emboldened "And you are very far from Godly!" 

Looking up with a quirked eyebrow, the smirk deepened. "Well, yes, I am a dirty girl, and God had no hand in my making, it's true. But then, I haven't sucked a dick, and enjoyed it, in twelve centuries... And you did so, thinking the Mother Superior wouldn't know, not more than half an hour ago." She looked sidelong at the now quailing Sister. "He does cum rather quickly, doesn't he? Still, I'll grant you that washing his greasy little dick is a good thing on his part. But still..." she turned, just enough to draw attention to her own. "This one cleans itself, no matter how dirty it gets... Well, when I don't have someone who wants to clean it themselves." 

"I... The Mother Superior doesn't ask. She doesn't peep. And you shouldn't peep either!" It sounded weak, even to her own ears, and Sister Shelley had to admit, she was on the back foot. She inwardly groaned. That only prolonged things... Again, reading her thoughts, the Succubus pouted. 

"Oh, Sister, I have no intention of keeping you much longer. Or, come to think of it, maybe I do..." She shook her head, her locks briefly flying as she did. "...In any case, that wasn't the best part of what I can see... Good Sister. Oh no. I can see how you felt, as you wrapped your lips around him, as you regretfully pulled away to finish him off with your hand... And... Worst of all, Sister..." Sister Shelley felt her vision blur in panic. "...I can see that you dipped your fingers in my food." Another blur, a sharp intake of breath, a deepening of that damnable smirk "You know, I'd honestly rather you spat it into the bowl... Swished it round your cheeks a little. I already know the smell of your fingers, their taste in the air... I would have loved to have tasted that dirty..." Each syllable stressed, Sister Shelley stepping back with each, until she was against the wall "...Deliciously soiled tongue..." 

"Vade retro, satanis... Your words... Have..." The succubus cut her short, with an imperious gesture. 

"Oh, hush, you slattern. You know your denials are as weak as your prayers against me. I know you've thought about this..." She gestured to her throbbing dick, and she started gently caressing it, slowly gripping it "...How it would taste... How it would feel, because the peasants barely have the dick to reach your tonsils, and this..." The pumping continued, hypnotic, rhythmic... Somehow disturbingly wet sounding. "...This would slide down your throat, noisily but pleasantly, and you'd see my hips in your face, tasting..." 

Sister Shelley could take no more. She looked down at the bowl, and the still masturbating succubus, and strode forward. She was followed, ever followed by the succubus, turning slowly to face her with each step toward her objective. The succubus had left that bowl near enough that she could reach it, if she knelt, without disturbing the circle. Sinking to her knees, just outside of the runes, she reached, leaning over... 

...And the succubus, with a somehow victorious cry of pleasure, hunched over as she jerked quickly, once, twice, three times, and thick ropes leapt through the air to spatter Sister Shelley's face. In shock, as much as anything else, she lifted her other hand, and fell... 

Flat on the circle. The comforting glow vanished immediately, the circuit broken, and Sister Shelley cowered, awaiting some vile spell or blandishment. She knew she could re-establish the circle, but by that time, she had been taught, she would be... 

...Untouched? Her face still spattered, she rose up to her knees, and stared. The bowl had been gently kicked toward her, and the succubus was doing... Absolutely nothing except licking her fingers. Her breasts were still sticky, but she merely stood, and, after a while, quirked her eyebrow again, mockingly. 

"Oh, did you think I'd leap into fucking you, Sister? You can, by all means, re-establish the circle. Other sisters learned that, although they didn't tell anyone. After all, I'd teased and shamed them just as I did you. But still..." and she dropped to her haunches, and looked curiously at Sister Shelley. "...You've been so curious about how I taste, and... You have something on your lip." 

Cursing, she reflexively reached out her tongue, and... It tasted bittersweet. She got out her chalk, ready to redraw the runes, and stopped. Looking up, her voice quavered. "Your bowl... Your bowl is still full." 

The succubus chuckled. "A small magic... I have a lot of cum, Sister, all tasting as nice as the parts adorning your face..." She put a hand to her mouth, deliberately failing to suppress a chuckle "...And your darling little coif..." She laughed, openly and mockingly "...Why, you've got a late night of washing ahead of you... Or..." She stepped closer, and the Sister shrank once again, her chalk forgotten in her hand. "You could see if you like the feel, as well as the taste." 

Sister Shelley's voice broke "You... You're using dark sorcery!" 

The succubus frowned "Oh no... No sorcery. Even if there weren't... Rules against such a thing... I've made it a point of pride only to use my knowledge of people's own lusts..." she leaned closer, her voice lowering "...Their own desires..." She was at the Sister's ear now, her voice a low, dark whisper, the Sister frozen in fear... And something else "...And my own... natural talents." Her breasts were close now, and the Sister could smell the cum from the peasants on those breasts... It wasn't to Sister Shelly's taste, for certain, and, unbidden, that taste came to her mind. 

She pulled her head back, looking querulously into the succubus deep, amber eyes. "Natural... Talents?" 

The succubus merely smiled. "Oh yes..." Looking sidelong, she artfully started licking her breasts clean, speaking inbetween noisy lapping "...You already know my cum is sweet, and I'm a very talented lover. After all, it's in my very nature to give people exactly... What they want." 

Sister Shelley's rosary rattled alarmingly. She hadn't even realised the tight, almost rictus grip she'd had on it, and thoughts strode through her head... Sliding down, noisily, pleasantly, bittersweet ta- tasting clean, and dirty at the same... She moaned, a sound of lust, and the succubus simply sat back, her breasts wet with her saliva, and crossed her legs... Her long, hard dick on full display. 

"Ohh, Sister... I can hear your thoughts now... And I'm willing to give you a taste, such a taste, before you put me back in my little cage. I'll even go willingly, if you draw it again. I'll even step inside, as a gesture of good faith, and you can merely... Step back out, take up your chalk, and seal me back up, your curiosity..." She licked her lips, and her amber eyes glinted. "...Sated. All you have to... Sister... Is tell me that you want it. Tell me you want that taste... And mean it. Otherwise..." She studied her fingernails again "...I'll just drink this bowl, sit in my dreary little circle, and let you draw your pretty little symbols and lines." 

Sister Shelley licked her lower lip, a reflex she knew all too well wasn't because of anything on it... Except there was... That bittersweet taste. A lesser sin... Before she let that thought progress any further, she reached for the bowl, and tipped it to her lips... That bittersweet, sticky liquid dripped into her mouth, seeped down her chin, stained her habit. She didn't care... She had to know... And, as she lowered her bowl, she gasped. The succubus was close, so very close, and her smile, triumphant and oh so full, dominated her vision. The lips parted, a tongue brushed across the shining fangs on either side of her mouth, and she spoke again. 

"Ohhh... That was a good way of telling me. But I still need to hear you say it... Speak your... Lesser sin to me, take that tiresome habit off..." She drew back a little, and tapped the side of her chin... "The coif still looks rather fetching though..." and, smiling seductively, she finished "...And you can feel how a dick is meant to feel." 

Sister Shelley panted, looking hungrily at the succubus, and then... She pulled her habit over her shoulders, and gently placed it on the floor behind her. Still on her knees, and still wearing her rosary, she crawled to the succubus, and looked up, up at her tall form. 

"Please... Please show me..." The succubus smiled, and reached behind her head with both hands, positioning herself in front of Sister Shelley's lips, she spoke. 

"Oh yes... I'll show you. You will open your mouth, Sister, and you'll play with yourself, as you have when thinking about this dick, while I show you... Your desire." Sister Shelley opened her mouth, and gasped as it was thrust inside of her. It was deeper, deeper than she thought possible, but somehow, it didn't hurt. It didn't feel like it was blocking her air. Confused, she looked up as best she could, while her head was pulled back and forth, and all of her sight was that thick, curly bush, and the beginnings of the succubus' plump stomach. 

"Ah, yes... This is a magic I am allowed to use, and I use it freely, because otherwise, I would break my darlings, the sweet ones who come to me. You can breathe, and you can feel the sensation of my length, my girth, without pain. Isn't..." A hard pull inward, to Sister Shelley's muffled yelp. "...It wonderful? Just think it, and I'll hear..." 

Sister Shelley struggled to think. She was being used, her face roughly fucked, but it felt good, the taste of the succubus' member cupped by her tongue because it tasted like cinnamon... But she tried. Ahhh... It's big, and... Ahhh, it tastes good, it feels good... How... How does it feel good? Her fingers had been pumping, because she had started to become wet from the first thrust, and she came, her muffled cries of pleasure punctuated by yelps of joy, and though she wanted to fall, to lie in a shivering puddle of sweat, the hands on her head were firm. 

"It feels good because it's everything you wanted, Sister. It feels good, and you know, before you even came, that only I can provide you this experience. Well" she quirked her lips in a smile, and it showed in her voice, the dry tone "Unless you were to find some other sister of mine... Oh yes, we're a sisterhood too, of sorts. But I find that unlikely. For now... Mmm, that's it, lick the base while I fuck you... For now you have... me!" And she threw her head back, pushed her hips deep, hard into Sister Shelley's lips. 

The feeling of being filled made her cum again, and as her head was drawn back, the Succubus quivering lightly with her own fulfillment, she got that taste, dripping over her tongue, sliding down her throat as pleasantly as the larger portion had done... And the succubus... Pulled out, her dick still wet, slick with Sister Shelley's saliva... And her white, creamy cum. 

At first, Sister Shelley simply felt empty, a counterpart to that fullness she had felt before. She was still fingering herself, rubbing at her clit, and she looked up at the succubus, quietly mewling with need. "Ahhh... Ahhh... Why?" The succubus laughed, quietly and triumphantly. 

"Well... Firstly, I want to give you the whole experience of sucking a dick. It's not just being facefucked. Secondly, I want to see that need in you, to confirm what a dirty slut you've become, so sinful... You really thought this was a lesser sin, and now... Look at you. Even now, you're playing with yourself, and begging in your head for more. Finally... I'll give you the only name you need to refer to me from now on. Say it, and say what you know you want to, and I'll allow you to clean my dick, lick off that cum I've left for you. That name is Mistress." 

Sister Shelley gasped. She knew the line she would be crossing, and the lines she'd be choosing not to redraw if she did that. But she remembered those sensations, all those nights thinking, thrusting inside herself and quietly crying out, so the other sisters might not hear her through the door... And how the two compared. She couldn't choose any other way. No, she corrected herself... I wouldn't... Choose any other way. Her voice was small, but hungry, as hungry as the stare she fixed upon that slowly dripping cock. 

"Please... Mistress... I want to serve. I want you to feed me with cum, show me my place as the slattern I... As your slattern, your toy. I want to keep you here, not with runes, but with the pleasure of owning me, using my mouth as you will while I cum from the pleasure of service." The succubus smiled, and, with a gesture, created a comfortable cushioned chair, polished oak, and sat upon it, her legs wide, her hands lowered to her legs, promising once more to grip her head, to guide her newest servant. 

"Then lick those fingers clean, lick them of your own juice... And crawl to me. You'll be on your knees a lot, Sister, and you'll grip the base of my dick while you lick me, fingering yourself and thinking, for my own pleasure, how low you've fallen..." She leaned forward "...And how deep your devotion to serving me is." 

Sister Shelley withdrew her fingers, moaning as her cum dripped gently, and slowly licked, savouring the taste of herself, a taste she knew the Mistress wanted her to enjoy. She placed them in her mouth, giving herself some small measure of what she'd experience, her tongue moving, and her Mistress smiled, approvingly, as she made herself noisy as she did so. The approval warmed her, and she crawled, her head low, before lifting herself up, and reaching up with one hand, her tongue stretching, as she looked to her Mistress, her eyes meek, and her other hand stretched down, between her legs once more. 

One of Mistress' hands slid around her head, before settling on the top of her coif, and the other reached down, past her cock. But Sister Shelley knew, as she ran her tongue along the base, slowly gathering Mistress' cum, pumping her dick gently, that she wouldn't be allowed to see the Mistress pleasuring herself until she was worthy, or caught a glimpse from the lowest point of that long dick. But she could see that wrist, her arm gently undulating as the Sister was guided around, up and down, her mouth being gently filled, sometimes cupped round the shaft, sometimes licking around... And all the while, in her head, she thanked the Mistress, thanked her profusely for showing her this... 

When the Sister came, it was together with her Mistress, and she could see now, three fingers straining as she pumped her hips, the Sister's head pulled back as the dick twitched around her hands, and more thick ropes stained her face, her coif... And splashed on her breasts... She had completely forgotten that her face was still stained, still marked, but this was a warm reminder, and she was reminded again as those three fingers drew near her mouth, her mouth that opened, welcomed... Tasted and noisily sucked. The hand withdrawn, sinking to her knees, as felt proper, as felt so right now, she sucked her own fingers, and the Mistress nodded. 

"Now... Thank me once more, thank me for all that I've done for you. And I'll tell you more about how you're going to serve, and sometimes, not as often as you'd think... You'll be served in turn." Her legs crossed, a sign that pleasure was to be denied, for now, and the Sister sunk her head, her hands on her knees. 
