 Part the fourth - In which the circle is no longer needed. 

Sister Petra had been missing for two days now, and, as the Mother Superior laid out the morning sermon for her sole remaining Sister, she sighed. She could see the glances, not at her, nor at the symbol above them, the symbol of their faith, but the doorway. More specifically, the doorway to the hall which, in turn, led to the basement door. 

She already knows. I don't know how, but she does. Well... I knew this day was coming, at least. The Mother Superior stopped her sermon, mid sentence, and coughed. Loudly. Sister Lea, startled, looked back at her. 

"You're thinking about the door." Sister Lea moved to speak, but she held up one hand, cutting her off "No, it's obvious. The records of our sisterhood are quite clear about something like this happening, each time, and I have held it from you precisely because I hoped it would be different this time. But it is not. So you might as well tell me how you found out." 

Sister Lea flushed, and steepled her fingers together. It wasn't just the sinful thoughts that crossed her mind, but the embarrassment at being found out by her Mother Superior, who she respected. But she did speak, soft and low. "I... There was a scroll. In the library. Sister Petra must have read it, and discarded it, and..." She blushed harder "...It went into a lot of detail." 

The Mother Superior quirked one eyebrow. And then, to the shock of Sister Lea, she threw back her head and laughed. "Mother Superior, what...?" Again, the hand. 

"Oh, Sister Lea, I don't judge you. But I am amused precisely because our opponent, our tempter, is more cunning than even I had imagined. And I will admit, now that it is the two of us, that I have not been immune to that temptation, especially because I know more than you." Sister Lea goggled, her eyes like saucers. 

"You... You've seen... Even more description of her temptation? How can you still stand here, Mother Superior, I... I read just that one, and..." She lowered her head again, her training over-riding her desire to speak briefly "...I was sinful, this past two nights. Many times." A hand laid on her shoulder, and she looked up sharply, in surprise. The Mother Superior's look was sympathetic. 

"Sister, I have always disagreed with the idea of pleasuring one's self as a sin. It is a safe outlet for thoughts that might tempt to greater acts, a means of the pleasure, if you will, without the actual sin. Still..." The hand was pulled back, and the Mother Superior looked sternly toward the same door. "It is time. Other Mother Superiors simply left. Others still went down willingly, some before the Sisters under their charge. We will be only a little different, in that we will both be prepared with the knowledge of what comes." Sister Lea stood, but she was still looking down. 

"And... When we go down, what then?" The Mother Superior looked at her, and her face was neutral. 

"Whatever happens? Happens. There is no judgement in it save the ones we make ourselves now." 

Sister Lea looked confused, but she followed anyway, as the Mother Superior strode to the basement door. To their seemingly inevitable meeting. 

The stairs were still lit, which was a relief, and the journey short. Although it seemed an eternity to Sister Lea. But, soon enough, they rounded the final bend, and... Sister Lea gasped, and even the Mother Superior let out a hitched breath. Sister May was being fucked in the ass, her cries of pleasure muted, but becoming loud as she saw them enter. Her body was stained with cum, and her thighs were wet. The succubus didn't even look like she was making an effort, her hands seemingly gentle, but Sister May was energetically bounced, up and down. 

Meanwhile, Sister Petra was straddling Sister Shelley, grinding her sex against Sister Shelley's face, both enthusiastically moaning as they licked and fingered each other, rubbing their bodies against one another, and enjoying each other's bodies. Sister Lea's breathing grew heavier, and the Mother Superior frowned. 

Moments later, the succubus gripped Sister May hard, and held her down as Sister May's delighted, lustful cries reached a crescendo. "Thank you Mistress-aaaaa!" The succubus smiled, removed her bodily, and set her down, with a mewling moan of disappointment, of need, from Sister May. And she turned to the two newcomers, and smiled. 

"Ahhh... Judging by the fact the Mother Superior is here, you are the last two to arrive. I hope you've been enjoying the show. So, Mother Superior... What can I do for you?" Her tone was arch, and her smile showed her amusement. 

The Mother Superior steeled herself. This would be, to both her and the remaining Sister, the hardest part (Glancing aside, at the flushed face, she corrected herself... Only herself.) "I wish to make a deal." 

The succubus nodded, and she was genuinely respectful. "Your will is commendable. No Mother Superior before you even considered that course of action. They'd played with themselves, as their Sisters vanished one by one, and, before I would be encircled once more, released to the wider world..." She raised a hand, cutting off further speech "No, you already know my rules. I've certainly ensured they were recorded. The deal is mine to explain, although it will be fair. I will allow you to place these symbols on both of the doors to this basement, above, and here, on this wall" (A finger guided the Mother Superior's eyes.) "Then, you will spend not more than two hours in the company of myself and your Sisters..." (A gasp from Sister Lea, a sidelong glance.) "And, after that, it will be explained, for the benefit of Sister Lea here, what my leaving entails. It is not, after all, a choice made lightly. If any say 'Nay' , I will let them go, and tell them of the location of a Papal pardon, still valid, and absolving them of their sins in this place." 

The Mother Superior tutted to herself, tapping her chin, seemingly oblivious to the cries of desire and sounds of the room, as she thought. She raised her head. "A Papal pardon, which I was not aware of, but clearly laid here within the Pope's lifetime... While I accept most of your terms, I would ask you to explain now, rather than after, and I will say" a finger raised, not accusingly, but for emphasis "That you are a great schemer indeed, to have made this Nunnery a pawn, a plaything for your pleasure." The succubus laughed, and even the tempted Sisters stopped in wonder at the sound. She was... She was more pleased than she'd ever been. 

"Ohh, not just brave, and of strong will, but of clear perception too! In earlier times, you would have been a formidable opponent indeed, or friend... And I still respect you all the more, despite the staid, drab prescriptions of your Holy Master. Yes, I will grant you that." She sighed, and drew her head low. "I have been here for some time, and while I am strong enough to return, I will not be able to come back here for at least a century. While none grow older in my personal realm, that will still be a century, one hundred years, one hundred years that there is no turning back from. They know" A gesture sideways "And I know they've already chosen. But now your Sister knows, and you know more than you did already." She gestured to the group, and Sister May stepped away, stepping daintily to her Mistress's side. "The deal is accepted, then?" 

The Mother Superior nodded. "The deal is struck, the contract binding. And I imagine, Sister Lea" (A sudden look, a clearing of the senses) "That we are to both disrobe." 

Sister Lea didn't wait for her to finish, and the Mother Superior frowned as she pulled her own habit over her head, and discarded her coif. There would be another "Yea", she already knew. But the succubus was not quite finished, and her tone was surprisingly gentle, as gentle as the fingers stroking Sister May's spine. 

"Mother Superior... Chastity, if you will permit the familiarity" (a nod) "I will grant you, freely, another boon. None of your Sisters need see you, when it is our turn to meet, and none will know your vote, unless you wish it. I respect your pride, and I want you to keep it, even as you taste the pleasures of the flesh." 

The Mother Superior was wry as she stepped up the stairs, chalk in hand. "Pride is a sin... Lucretia." And the succubus' laughter, her familiar name finally revealed, followed her up the stairs. 

By the time Chastity had returned, Sister Lea was already panting, her legs together, her hands limp, and her expression blissful, as her hips jerked, not just from the length fucking her, but from the fingers, expertly teasing, and the hand, tickling, teasing, sometimes gripping, eliciting a symphony of moans. The other three were playing with each other, and she passed them, Sister Petra moaning more loudly as she came close. Then she turned to the wall. She had the urge to play with herself, certainly, and her nipples hardened as the cries and muffled moans reverberated around the room, but she set to work, marking the runes and lines with a firm, practised hand, and then turned around, leaned against the wall, and crossed her arms. 

She was noticed, even with Lucretia fucking her student, her charge senseless, and Lucretia smiled, and winked at Chastity. Chastity didn't blink, just set her back a little more comfortably, and raised one eyebrow as she did. She was prideful, and she certainly couldn't deny she was sinful, but she also knew it amused Lucretia to see someone taking control, if only over their own situation. Sister Lea, on the other hand... 

"Ahhh! Aaaaahhh! I want... I want..." The succubus chuckled, and pinched one of her nipples, eliciting a sharp gasp. 

"Yes... Tell me what you want. I'll even fuck you a little slower, if it helps you think..." She started to move her hips more slowly, but Sister Lea groaned. 

"No, no... Please... Fuck me hard... But... Pin me to the floor, mistress! I want to... Ohhhh! I want to be debased, to be fucked with my chest against the ground! I... Aaaaaa!" Sister Lea came, her thighs stained with not only her own juices, but the cum of the succubus, dripping as she moaned. And then she let out a quick gasp, as a hand reached from her hips to the back of her neck, and she was pressed down, by hips and that strong hand, to her knees, her arms spread and her chest flat against the floor. Leaning over, pushing her breasts into Sister Lea's back, she growled. 

"Is this everything you wanted, toy? To be bent over and claimed, to feel your breasts and ass bruised from the hard fuck, and the cold stone reminding you that your worth is based on how much cum leaks out of you?" Her hips had already started thrusting, hammering into her as she was juddered and bounced. Somehow, Sister Lea found the energy to speak. Or at least haltingly cry out. 

"Ah! Ah! Mistress... Mistress' cock... Yes! Yes, I'm a toy! I'm a dirty plaything! I'm... Unhaaaahhh... A toy for Mistress to dirty as much as she wants! AH AH AH!" The thrusting increased, and even Chastity winced. She knew about succubus magic, but this was... Unexpectedly brutal. And yet... This is exactly what Sister Lea wanted? She frowned, and her arms tightened around herself reflexively. 

What, after all, did she want? She hadn't thought about it in detail. To be fair, she hadn't thought about it much at all... And yet, when her turn came... It would come to her. Or she would come to it. 

Two hours... And how much of that time would be this? Her question was answered soon enough, as, with a primal cry, Sister Lea's hips were lifted by the force of a final thrust, and both of Lucretia's hands gripped into claws as she held herself, Sister Lea drooling onto the stone floor, her thighs soaked. And then she withdrew, Sister Lea panting softly. Striding round, she placed the ball of one foot on her hair, and gently pressed. "I'll be fucking you later, toy. For now, crawl to your sisters... They want to make you sticky with your own cum and their tongues." She crooked one finger toward Sister Petra, and, grinning lustfully, almost manic, she stood and almost bounded to Lucretia's side, and looked directly at Chastity as her ass was fingered, moaning loudly. Chastity nodded, as much acknowledgement of Sister May's path as confirmation for herself. 

So... That's how it's going to go. Chastity frowned, and sat on one of the cots. It would be a while before her turn came, it seemed. And she had to admit, she was a little angry. She'd known from the moment they vanished that her Sisters were lost. This, she thought, this is just rubbing it in my face. 

Chastity didn't see it, but, unbeknownst to her, Lucretia winced a little. 

It took a little longer than she expected, but, after many moans, gasps, thrustings and slick, wet noises of withdrawal, Lucretia sat back in her chair, the other Sisters pleasuring each other, and smiled. "Well, I would say that was exhausting, but we are both women of the world, Chastity. You in the sense of experiencing it, and I..." She waved a hand airily "...Well, my own fashion. The two hours are almost done, but I believe we agreed you would be the last." She chuckled. "So... Come forward, o worthy opponent, and we shall see who acknowledges... Well, not defeat, but whatever victory either attains." 

Raising herself slowly from the cot, she rubbed the back of her neck with one hand. "I must admit, Lucretia, I could almost have fallen asleep." And, with that, she stepped forward, to the sound of Lucretia's laughter. 

Blackness enfolded them both, a different circle than the ones Chastity had drawn, had taught her sisters to draw, but just as powerful. And, looking, sounding subtly different, Lucretia reached out her hand. "Come, Chastity... Let us enjoy each others bodies together, and I will find your desires... The way you would." Chastity took her hand, allowed the other to encircle her, lightly searching at her back for sensitive places. In return, she reached out hers, to Lucretia's neck, searching herself, and exploring one breasts as she did. She wasn't afraid, and was even a little warmed by this small, but significant gesture. 

But she was still annoyed, and so, as she ran her hands over Lucretia's nipple, she sharply pinched, and her hand grasped and pulled a little. Lucretia, in turn, gave a sharp cry, biting her own lip with the sudden pain. "Ahhh... I... I suppose I deserved that." Chastity looked her firm in the eye, and, still gripping her hair, raised her eyebrow. 

"You did. And I'm not finished punishing you yet." Pulling Lucretia's head forward, she kissed her firmly, bruisingly, and gripped the breast she had been playing with hard, rubbing her crotch against Lucretia's dick as she did so. Lucretia was doing her best to tease back, but her hands were less sure, her grip loose as she was ridden. Pulling her lips back, Lucretia's tongue still searching, Chastity lowered her head. "You can let me know when you think you've apologised enough." Before Lucretia could reply, she leant over, the hand in Lucretia's hair moving down her spine, and Chastity's mouth latched around the breast she wasn't gripping and stretching, heavily pressing her tongue and sucking the nipple, her teeth occasionally pinching. As she did, she paid attention, listened to her oppone- her lover's cries, gasps, and moans, slowing her hips, speeding them, keeping her at the edge of pleasure. She was in control. She was-  

"Ah... Ahhhh! Ohhhhhhaaahyesss!" Chastity felt a warm stickiness lightly splash against her stomach, and she was lifted, under the arms, as if she were a child. Looking down, she could see Lucretia's stomach, covered with her own cum. And she looked up to see Lucretia's grin. "I think I've apologised enough, and you've had your fun. Now it's my turn." And, with that, she was slowly lowered, until she felt that tip push against her lips. "Spread yourself, Chastity. Welcome me." 

It felt so good, and she rubbed a little against it, only to be lifted again. "Oh, no. All or nothing, Chastity. Is it in... Or out?" Chastity growled herself, an animal sound, and, as she was lowered, she spread herself wide, the other toying with her clit, as Lucretia lowered... Pushed... Was inside her, and her arm once more looped around, tickling at the base of her spine... Chastity arched her back, but gripped Lucretia's hips, still seeking, but mostly holding on as Lucretia's hips started pumping, her dick delightfully brushing her inner walls, and she moaned harder as Lucretia's other hand slipped between Chastity's legs and started massaging her pussy, the thumb toying with her clit. 

It was amazing. It was electric. And for a few moments, she couldn't think, only bounce along in a pink haze, her world thrustings and moanings. She was still moaning, her head lolling with pleasure, as she reached up with one hand, and ran her fingers across Lucretia's collarbone, slid up her neck, and cupped her chin. "You... Ahhn... Seemed to like that kiss... Round two?" Lucretia leaned into the hand, and Chastity engulfed her mouth once more. 

Tongues explored, fingers played, toyed, pinched, and gripped, and through it all, they kissed, and licked each other, moaning as they came for each other. Each lost their sense of time, and each gave themselves to the moment, until, with one last, mutual cry of pleasure, they came together, and collapsed in each others' arms. They looked directly into one another's eyes, cradling each other's necks, panting and covered with sweat. And Lucretia smiled, genuine warmth lighting her whole face. Leaning forward, she blew gently into Chastity's ear before whispering. 

"Oh, in a way, you've won, defeated me, and found my weakness, the one sensation I love the most... Lust sustains me, Chastity. It feeds me well, and I certainly will slake that lust on your charges, many times. But you know that, and still... I feel that tenderness, the giving freely of what they did not... Yes..." Her whisper was soft, and soothing "...All of our kind find the greatest joy, not in servitude, or the giving thereof... But in the simple, oh so hard to find togetherness. We've only coupled this once, and I still have much to show you... But I want your answer now. I don't need it, and I definitely won't demand it. Only ask, for you to give or refuse as you will." And her head drew back, to see Chastity's face. 

Chastity already knew her answer. It would be a different one to her Sisters, and they would, in their own fashion, be satisfied... But she already knew, and she leaned her own head forward. "I think it would please us both, to enjoy that closeness you've shared, that odd weakness... Well... Whether it's a strength or weakness doesn't matter, does it? What matters is my answer..." She leaned past the succubus's head, sinking into her enfolding arms. "Yea. And maybe..." She reached round, tousling Lucretia's locks just a little, to a sigh of contentment "...One day over that century, we'll share more than that. You've given me that little glimpse, that little present, and I think..." she pulled her head back, and tilted it into a moaning kiss. I think that's a desire we'd both like fulfilled. 

The blackness lifted, and Chastity, briefly, shivered at the exposure, at the feeling, unjustified as it was, of being discovered. Imperious once more, Lucretia smiled, and raised her hand. "Now... Yea, or Nay, Sisters..." 

There was no question. There never had been, from the moment they were caught. And not even the runes on the door would bar this exit, the shifting of the torchlit cellar into grayness, sliding into pink, into a light crimson... 
