 Part the second, in which Sister Shelley is discovered. 

The basement stairs had never felt so empty to Sister May. She'd seen them, from time to time, watching over Sister Shelley's safety as the Mother Superior ordered, but had, also on the Mother's orders, never stepped inside. It still amazed her that the Mother Superior was no more than forty summers old... Or that so many would leave for other nunneries in her scant few years here. But Sister Shelley had not, this time, left as she always had before, even though it sometimes took an hour, maybe two. 

But this was her first time descending, and she prayed to God as she did, as much for her own fortitude as her Sister's soul. 

A loud bang, wood against stone, and Sister May flinched, rushing back up the stairs. Her fears were confirmed. The door was closed... Banging her fists against it, crying out. But no-one came. It was too late, most of the sisters were abed. And Sister May was... Alone. She slumped to the stairs, weeping, for a short time. But she remembered, and her head raised. 

No... I have a duty. I... I must succeed where Sister Shelley has failed. The Mother Superior, she'd told me this could happen. I must. She pulled the chalk from her pouch, and slowly, carefully, stepped down the stairs. Before she had gone the whole way, maybe three quarters, she began to hear the moans, and prayed further to herself. Her will was strong. She could do this. She had fa- 

The chalk, unbidden, dropped from her hand in shock, and her hand raised to her mouth. She had thought she was prepared, but the sight that greeted her was... She struggled to take it all in. 

Most of the lines, the symbols were untouched. She took stock of that first, her duty winning out over the tableau. But that was a brief respite, for the noises of sinful ecstasy, the sight in front of her, could not be denied. 

The succubus sat in a cushioned chair, polished oak contrasting with blue velvet, smiling as she held her feeding bowl in one hand, supping occasionally from it, and her other... Her other gently held a blonde, wild head of hair, bobbing up and down, back and fore, slurping and gulping and moaning, muffled. Her eyes drew down, and a tight derriere bobbed, gently as delicate fingers pumped in and out of a wet, glistening pussy. 

If it weren't for the communal bathing they had shared, the knowledge that only two could be within, Sister May wouldn't have known this was Sister Shelley. Sister Shelley would not have kneeled, except in prayer. Sister Shelley would not be moaning like this. And then, a forceful push of that wild head, the succubus' head thrown back in quiet pleasure, and those fingers, plunging deep, slick... Sister May blanched. And the succubus returned to that bobbing, that gentle movement, and smiled. 

"Ahhhh. You must be Sister May. Sister Shelley here has told me very pleasing things about your devotion, your service to your Lord." Sister May was taken aback. She... She sounded like she was pleased that someone could worship God. The succubus, confirming that she could read thoughts, chuckled. "Oh yes, I'm always pleased by devotion, a love and servitude toward others. In its best form, it's pure, whether that's devotion to pleasure..." she held Sister Shelley against her crotch "...Or love." 

Sister May looked back up at the stairs, thinking about escape, but she knew, even as she turned back, that wasn't possible. She... 

"-Wasn't even sure she wanted it. Ohhh, Sister May... What lovely thoughts you think! Here, let me turn Sister Shelley around, so she doesn't have any distraction while I share them." Sister May gasped. 

"You wouldn't!" The indignity of that proposal shocked her, the sheer brazenness, and the succubus, having turned her panting Sister around, still moaning and playing with herself, simply smirked. 

"Well, it's you or me. I gave you a choice, just as I gave your friend here a choice. And she chose..." she relished each syllable "...To sink her mouth onto my dick, to drink my bittersweet cum, and..." 

Sister May shook her head "Aaaargh! You're... You're horrible! Why would I ever-" But she was stopped, as the succubus' stare turned firm, and level. And her voice, while still wry, lustful, was also firm. 

"You know why, Sister. I know what you want. Even without knowing your desires, you could have screamed them, the way you only glanced at Sister Shelley's head... Compared to..." And she stretched out her hand, inviting a response. 

Sister May flushed. She looked back toward the stairs. At her sister. At the cot in the corner. Anywhere but that firm, relentless gaze. And still, although Sister Shelley moaned, and played with herself, the succubus didn't speak. For all that Sister May knew, she didn't move. And a warm fire was kindled within her, as she thought more about her desire. Head still down, beet red, she said the words. 

"I... I masturbate to myself... Every night... And I'm always thinking... Always thinking about Sister Shelley. About how she would taste, on my tongue. How she..." She couldn't continue, and returned her gaze to the succubus. Her own look was understanding. 

"This is what I do, Sister May... I will tell you what I told Sister Shelley, after a fashion. You can redraw those lines, around us both, because Sister Shelley has already given herself... Or you can fulfil that desire, fulfil more, if you have them or gain them, and, afterwards... You can decide for yourself whether you wish to leave... Or stay." Her hand stroked Sister Shelley's hair fondly, and Sister Shelley groaned in need, shivering as she came on the stone floor. 

"I... You... You promise?" Sister May shivered, even as those words left her lips. But again, that understanding smile. 

"My word is my bond, as it always has been. Quite a few have decided to leave, over the centuries... Either before my offer, or after... Although many did leave, out of devotion. But there have been refusals, and all came away satisfied, in some fashion." She smiled, and it was a return to her animal lust. "After all, I come away satisfied too." 

Sister May looked back at the stairs... But it was a brief glance, and she tentatively walked forward, before kneeling. Leaning down. Placing her hands on her fellow sister's ass, steadying herself as she lowered herself further. And she could hear the change in tone from Sister Shelley. The succubus clearly heard it too. 

"Very good, I would have stopped you if it hadn't already been clear she wanted this as well..." Sister May looked up, and blushed, but the succubus merely smiled, and gestured. And Sister May could wait no longer. Her mouth closed around Sister Shelley's pussy, slipping her tongue inside to taste her, and nibbling the lips as she kneaded her ass. Sister Shelley's moans intensifed, and the succubus, watching, increased the pace, sliding Sister Shelley's head up and down more rapidly as she watched, moaning ever so slightly in pleasure, tinged with amusement. 

Her Sister tasted so very good, and the feel of her pussy shifting around Sister May's tongue, the wetness, pleased Sister May as much as she was pleasing Sister Shelley. She pulled one of her hands away from her Sister's ass, and reached down, to pull her habit up and lightly play with herself. She had been so caught up in the sights she'd seen, the feel and taste of her sister, that she hadn't realised how wet she was, and she moaned into her Sister's pussy, lightly caressing around her asshole as she rubbed herself. 

She was focused entirely on her Sister now, and, testing, she slipped a finger inside Sister Shelley's ass. She wasn't stopped, and Sister Shelley's moans increased, so, emboldened, she pumped it in and out while she worked, fucking her Sister's pussy with her tongue, occasionally slipping it out to slip across her button, and working three fingers in and out of herself as she moaned in pleasure. It was a small symphony of three, two muffled, one quiet, intensifying until... They came. 

Sister May greedily, noisily lapped at her Sister's pussy, letting the wetness run down her chin. And so, she hadn't noticed that Sister Shelley's moans were no longer muffled, didn't hear the light pad of the succubus as she strolled around... Until hands gripped at her own ass, spreading, and a tongue (not forked, as she expected) lightly licked around her own asshole. She froze, and gasped at the sensation, and the tongue withdrew, to be replaced with the succubus' dick gently lying between her cheeks, and her breasts pushing into her back... And finally, a breathy, triumphant whisper. 

"Oh, you enjoyed that, didn't you? Was it everything you wanted?" One of the hands reached up, and slipped under her chin, feeling the wetness. "Mmmm, yes. But it isn't all you desire, is it? Give Sister Shelley a moment's rest, because I want to hear you, and..." The whisper turned sultry, dark with promise "...I'll be able to give you two things you want, at the same time. But first... You have to say it out loud. I don't give people treats unless they give something back... And that price is always..." lower still, more sultry "...Admitting they have their desires." The other hand withdrew, the one under her chin firmly cupped, turn her toward the succubus' face as she thoughtfully tapped her own "...Well, unless they've got a lot of desires. Honestly, it just saves time..." 

Sister May gulped. She had gone so far, but... Could she say this? She didn't know anyone who had admitted it to her, so she had no idea how to... "My... My ass. I... I've put things in my ass, and I want to know how being fucked there feels..." The words came before she could really think much further, and she struggled to lower her head, uncertain how to feel. But the hand stroked her cheek, and the succubus' gaze was soft. 

"See? That wasn't difficult at all. And you're a lucky one, because I can not only give you a first time you'll never forget... Your ass will be much more comfortable with sex after I'm done..." The hands retreated, and the succubus stood. Sister May looked up, at the figure looming above her, her thick shaft slick, but not with Sister Shelley's cum. "Take off your habit, and join me... On my chair..." She strode away, and Sister May...Sister May looked at her Sister. Who had kneeled, breathing softly, and was looking at her... Grinning and, somehow, hungry. 

She gulped again, and slowly, she reached for the hem of her habit, kneeled with her legs spread, and pulled her habit over her head, watching her Sister's reaction as she did. The gaze intensified, and Sister Shelley's breathing became heavy. The succubus, meanwhile, had returned to her chair, her legs spread, and merely smiled, sardonically. She took a deep breath, conscious of her Sister's lustful gaze, and walked forward as seductively as she could manage. It wasn't a confident walk, even to her own mind, but the stare followed her, and the succubus smiled and winked. As she neared, the succubus reached one hand languidly to her hip, lightly trailing her fingers. 

"Such a good girl... Now... Prove what a good girl you are, and... sit right here." She gestured, and Sister May... Did what she asked, turning, guided by the succubus' hands onto that dick, the tip pressuring, lightly, before it slid in, and Sister May gasped. The succubus' hands slid round as she sank down, and parted her legs, before beckoning to Sister Shelley. "Come, my little slut... You've serviced me, now it's time to service your dear Sister, as she's serviced you." Sister May, at this point, had sunk deep onto the shaft, almost to the base, and she was gasping at the sensation. She looked down, to where Sister Shelley had crawled on her hands and knees, and the combination of that gaze, and the dick within her, almost made her cum there and then. 

And then she felt hands on her thighs, the succubus simultaneously gripping her hips, and palming one of her small breasts, Sister Shelley's tongue lapping, flicking across her pussy, and she did cum, throwing her head back at the sensations, frozen in pleasure as Sister Shelley dove deep, noisily enjoying her. 

Things were calm, for a few moments. Gentle lapping at her pussy. Her own soft, panting breaths. Small caresses of one nipple. And then her hip was grasped firmly, and the succubus started thrusting, deep, rough thrusts that still felt natural and pleasurable. Sister May's only coherent thought, for those first few seconds, was a detached wonder that, through the bouncing of her hips, Sister Shelley's head, her mouth, was following her movements with ease. Gasping with each thrust in pleasure, she reached her hands down to grasp Sister Shelley's head as she'd seen the succubus do, pulling her in and steadying her. 

"Mmmm, yes, I can tell you are enjoying that... That mix of power and powerlessness, serving..." A sharper thrust "...and being served." Sister May was leaning back into the succubus' breasts now, and thoughts were crossing her mind, suckling, playing, being played... And suddenly, she was brought out of it by that low, sultry voice, lustful and amused "Why, Sister May, those are some lovely... Dirty thoughts you have. Maybe later you can share them with your Sister, and then..." Lips caressed her ear, and she moaned a little louder "...You can tell me those too, the both of you." 

The thrusting had continued throughout, and Sister Shelley was licking her mound now, trying to get as much of Sister May's cum as she could before she dove back down and began fingering her, her tongue pushing at Sister May's button as she went. Sister May, in the meantime, was flushed and sweating, from both the movement and the heat she was feeling inside. She was being fucked, she was getting everything she'd wanted, and Sister Shelley clearly desired her as much as Sister May desired Sister Shelley. And both of them... Both of them desired... 

She didn't get to finish the thought, even if she had felt the need to. A pink haze washed over her, and she felt herself almost screaming as she came, as Sister Shelley's moans also crescendoed, as she covered those fingers in her cum, and her ass was filled with the succubus' cum... She was being roughly played with, her breast pinched and teased, and she was leaking cum, and... 

And then the movement stopped. A hand reached out, caressed her cheek, and she breathed heavily as that expected voice whispered to her. 

"You've tasted your desires, Sister May... And you've tasted more than that in the process... So..." The tone turned teasing, lighter, and Sister May's heart fluttered "...Are you going to lift yourself up, and draw that circle?" Again, it became low and sultry, that promise returning, the promise of so much. "Or are you going to tell Sister Shelley about what else you want her to lick clean? Not to mention the other things you were thinking about..." 

Sister May groaned, but it wasn't a sound of despair, or defeat. It was a sound of pleasure, and of need. She looked down at Sister Shelley, who looked up at her. 

"I... Sister, will you... Will you lick my ass?" 

Sister Shelley grinned. "Pleasing you, pleasing my Mistress? You pleasing me?" She knelt higher, and her own, damp hands rose to cup Sister May's cheeks, before pulling her in for a kiss. When she retreated, Sister May's tongue still seeking afterward, her smile was knowing "...I don't think you'll be going anywhere until Mistress wants you to..." 

Sister May panted... And lifted herself off the succubu- her Mistress's dick... 

The Mother Superior grimly surveyed the scene. The door, still open, and, although the stairs were deep, and no sound emerged, the Mother Superior knew, from the records of her predecessors, that the worst had most likely occurred, and what she would hear, if she even stepped halfway, would be moans of sinful ecstasy. The two remaining Sisters cowered, clutching each other as they looked, eyes like saucers, at their leader, their Mother in heart, as well as spirit. 

"Close the door, Sisters. Close it, and bar it. We cannot but wait for a messenger to arrive, and longer still for more, more of our faith to contain her again. And then..." She looked down, her fists clenched. "Then, we will pray for their souls." The sisters, emboldened by their Mother's words, rushed to their tasks, seeking a strong bar among the storage after quickly, quietly, closing that door. 

The Mother Superior stayed, reflective. They would pray for their souls, to be sure of it, but they, the Mother Superior, and the Sisters... They would pray for different reasons. Better, she thought, to not tell them. Let them continue to think that they are lost in one way... Than lost in the other. She nodded to herself. Yes, that was for the best. She couldn't deny, and certainly perceived in the Sisters, that tendency to think about their captor, unbidden. They were human, after all, and, even never having seen her, they knew about her. Some knowing more (or less) than others. 

She would do what she could, and prayer would help, distract. But she had read the records. She had seen those telling absences. And she knew, sooner or later, that there would be a reckoning, a reckoning that few, if any, had won. Certainly none recorded. 

Her only consolation was that of previous Mother Superiors, and she mouthed it, quietly, to herself. 

"Maybe... Maybe this time she will leave."