 Part the third - In which a sister ignores warnings given. 

The morning prayer had felt so empty to Sister Petra. So... Lonely. Her, and Sister Lea, and the Mother Superior, her prayers seeming, over the few days that had passed, sounding increasingly hollow, increasingly tired. And naturally, with fewer sisters, had come more work. More tending of the crops. More polishing of the main furnishings. She was thankful that the bathing pool had no need of cleaning, as it was backbreaking labour with even the six of them... She did appreciate that the Mother Superior always worked with them, never a complaint, never a muttered utterance. Which was why she felt a little like a traitor, as she left her basket of food on the step, one last time. Well... Very likely one last time. She had been told, when the door was barred, that Sister Shelley and Sister May were lost, most likely for good... 

...But she had made a discovery, a betrayal of its own. And it had intrigued Sister Petra, even as she mourned the slipping of her faith. A simple thing, really... A musty scroll, largely forgotten in their largely untended library. A scroll left behind by one of the sisters. She'd read it, masturbating as she did, because what it described... It described how the Sisters were lost. 

Oh, they were lost... But they were lost to their pleasures. Their desires. And Sister Petra admitted to herself, even before she'd finished reading, that she had many. But that wasn't all. It also described another way, a way taken before the stairs had been hewn, even before their nunnery had properly been built. A hidden way, a safely hidden way. And now, setting her lantern aside in her discovery, setting the scroll aside next to it, she stared at the seemingly impassable wall before her. Tentatively, because the mechanism had only vaguely been described, she felt her way around the door. It took a long time, the only sounds her own breathing, and the barely audible flicker of the lantern. 

Her fingers sank a little deeper into the stone than before, and she smiled triumphantly. Another, within reach, and the door would... Did spring open. Open to the sounds of moaning, and... 

Sister Petra, even prepared as she had felt, was taken aback. A chair stood in the room, and Sister May's plump rear was pulled back and fore, as a long dick pushed fore and back, and scarlet hands gripped, tightly to her hips. She was moaning, but it was muffled, unlike Sister Shelley, who was gripping her fellow Sister's head tightly, her thighs crossing her shoulders as she gasped and yelped in pleasure. The succubus didn't even blink, or stop her thrusting, her breasts still bouncing lightly as she turned her head and spoke. 

"Ohhh, how delightful, coming here, of your own free will... Even after you were warned you would be..." The succubus tasted the word, blackly amused "...Lost in some fashion. And now you see just how you'll be lost, and still you stand. Close that door behind you, my dear... I'll be with you in a moment." Sister Petra backed toward the door, unable (unwilling) to look away, as she fumbled for the counterweighted stone, and pushed it shut with a dull, but final sound. The succubus continued thrusting, eliciting greater moans from Sister May, and continued, only lightly breathing as she did so. 

"Have you ever realised, Sister Petra, how some of your prescriptions were written by men, interpreting the Word of God to their own ends? Even not having ever seen your deity, I have lived long enough, and seen your little faith spring up long enough, that I know this to be true. Your God is one of love, and yet... Many expressions of it are forbidden, not by your God, but by men." Sister Petra gasped. To hear the Holy Church questioned was... Shocking, even from a being deemed evil. But there was no malice in that comment, only quiet reflection, punctuated by heavier breathing as she came closer to orgasm. Sister Petra had already condemned herself, in her own mind, to sin, but this being, this... Tempter spoke without a hint of mockery. Only a light regret, tinged with the pleasure of her actions. 

Sister Petra didn't respond, only stared, as the succubus groaned in release, holding her dick deep in Sister May's ass, and, eventually, withdrew, somehow clean while Sister May leaked cum. "Now, why don't you two obedient girls switch places? Sister Shelley can clean out your asshole, while I tend to our newest guest." They rushed to comply, but Sister Petra didn't notice, consumed as she was by the tall figure swaying, approaching... So close... And a hand reached to her cheek, cupped her chin, and firmly tilted her head upward to that smile. 

"Ahhhh..." that sound held so much promise, and, equally, satisfaction "...I can see, now that I'm actually looking, that you don't even care how you'll be tempted. Taking your virginity, cleanly and pleasantly... Pounding that ass of yours... Fucking your mouth..." She was mentally checking off fingers, Petra could see it, and each part of this list was making her breath quicken. But her heart beat faster as the succubus leaned close, and added "...You're already such an easy prize to gather. So easy, so slutty..." The smile deepened, as much as Petra's breaths turned into gasping moans "...Oh, yes, I can already tell, and you love that. So I'm going to slide behind, you, rub my dick against your habit, hold you round the waist..." Petra moaned "...And I'm going to promise you things, and see how hard you cum." 

"Ahhh... What if... I don't..." The succubus placed a finger on her lips, and she moaned again at the touch. 

"Don't? Let's not pretend, you're dirty already, and we both know you will. Just the thought of cumming, from dirty thoughts alone..." her voice whispered, sultry "...It's making you wet." And then she slid around, just as she promised, Petra feeling that length slide against her habit, creasing it from the pressure, and those arms wrapped around her waist, hair sliding along the side of Petra's neck. She tried to slide her hips, brush harder against that pressure, but the succubus' grip was like bands of iron, trapping her, unable to move, only squirm ineffectually. 

"Oh, I feel that. Struggle all you want, Petra... Struggle toward that dick... Because the first thing I'm going to do, when you let your other Sisters know how much you want it all, how much you want to let them know how much you want this... I'm going to tear off that habit, pin you up against the wall, and fuck you in that wet pussy of yours, already slick with your cum. Your breasts will squish oh so nicely, and I'll be fucking you hard enough that you'll feel your ass lift with every stroke..." Petra's breaths were short, mewling gasps, as much from disappointment and impatience as they were with arousal. 

"And I'm not even going to give you a chance to rest. I'll order my other two sluts to stop pleasing each other, and kneel, playing with themselves while I lift you up..." And she was lifted, ever so briefly, by a rise of the succubus' hips "...Spread your legs, and impale that ass of yours, while your cum drips onto the floor, and you play with your own breasts, so horny by the time I've gotten there that you'll gladly display yourself, bounce those hips up and down my cock to meet my thrusts, and all the while..." Again, that pressure, that reminder of what was to come "...You'll be telling them, loudly, what you already were before you even entered that door... How their stares make you cum almost as hard as my dick, as much as the dirty things I've done to you... And all the things I'm going to do with you, that you'll-" 

Petra threw back her head, and wailed "Ahhh! Ahhh! Mistressss! I'm cumming! I'm cumming because I'm so easy!" She wanted her sisters to hear, and they did, already stopping in their display to grin at her, spreading their legs and their pussies, licking their lips in their own promises, and her body, wracked as it already was, spasmed from the intensity of her orgasm. Still moaning, her hands desperately tried to reach down, to break that iron grip, not to escape, but to pull up that habit, and frantically pleasure herself. But the succubus was having none of it, and expertly pinned her wrists behind her back. 

"You came, and you came so loudly, you interrupted the others. Now they're going to play with themselves for the whole thing." And, with that, the succubus' other hand gripped her habit, and somehow, tore the whole thing away, with only a small twinge of pain on her arms and back as the sleeves tore. It fluttered through the air, and she marvelled, briefly, at how pretty that looked, before the one armed gripped her by the waist again, and she was expertly hoisted, moaning loudly as cum dripped down her thighs, to one of the walls. There was that pressure, over her entire back, and her legs spread of their own accord as her arms were pulled round, that one hand pinning her between thumb and forefinger to the wall, and the other reached round to slide between the wall, and grip one of her breasts. Painful, but just painful enough to not outweigh her rising pleasure. 

The pressure shifted, the succubus' breasts sliding heavily down her back, and the next thing she knew, her heels rose up from the floor as a loud, wet slap heralded the rapid, heavy thrust into her pussy. She didn't let up the pace, and Petra cried out wordlessly, staccato noises of pleasure. She was loud, and her body was loud, and they were watching, she could feel them watching, watching her so easily giving in to this hard, lustful pounding... She almost screamed with lust as she came, and she didn't even care that the succubus, her Mistress, hadn't cum inside her. After all, she could gasp more, let her true nature be apparent, make her Sisters cum almost as many times as she would, from the decadent pounding she was getting. But that wasn't to last, and her cries were tinged with both release and disappointment, as her pussy was filled, hot jets inside her, churning, sticking and sliding. And that voice, that voice she wanted, and wanted to curse, here, this moment, gloated in her ear. 

"Oh no... Your first time, we're going to give you the full course quickly. I'll only let you savour it once I've taken you, given you some of the shame and lust you feel at being exhibited, shown to an audience who know you for what you are... And some, later on, who don't..." And she was turned around, lifted as she'd been promised, hoisted round by her legs, and displayed to the others. "Now... Beg for what comes next. Let them know how much you want it." 

She was gasping, recovering her breath, and it took her a while, a while in which she was dripping, for all to see, soaked with sweat... But she did recover, and, still husky, she spoke "Mistress... Please... Hold me higher, and hold me there until there's a puddle on the floor... I want them to see how much you filled me before I cry your name, and you fill my ass the same way you've filled meeee..." She was covering her face with her hands, but her panting mouth, her eyes, remained in view, watching the others moaning, gasping, leering at her with undisguised lust, as much for their mistress as her newest toy... Her newest slut, being broken in... And she was lifted, her own hands shifting to her breasts, not daring to disobey, not wanting to disobey by reaching further down. She cupped them, and pinched them, and stroked them all over, eyes lidded with pleasure as the others came, spreading their pussies to let her know they loved being displayed too... 

And then she was positioned, still kneading herself, a long, drawn out moment of teasing as the tip of her Mistress' cock held itself, and, as she started to open her mouth, to beg, to plead, it pushed its way inside her, and she pushed her own hips down to meet it. 

The night would be long, and she knew she would tire eventually, sleeping after a loud masturbation on her cot, crying out her Mistress' title as she was watched, and she knew, on some level, that in the morning, it would be noticed. Her fate would be assumed, and, unless they came down, just as Mistress promised... 

...She didn't care. She realised that, even if they did, she wouldn't want to leave, would only display herself, and wait for whatever happened. And she didn't really care about the after, either. In the now, she was being shown, had revealed her nature, and she was being rewarded, in a way she hadn't before. 

And there was a lot of night left before she tired, to watch, and, more importantly... To be watched.