 In the village of Harstock a modest house of wood and stone sits peacefully next to a large pool of clear water. Smoke floats lazily from the chimney, the windows glow with soft golden light in the early evening. The air is chilled with the last breaths of winter as a large man dressed in heavy clothing climbs up the stairs and opening the unlocked door enters as quietly as his bulk will allow.

The middle-aged prospector approaches the bedroom with a grin on his grizzled and bearded face with anxious steps that make the floorboards creak. The reunion with his young bride creates a nervous energy in his big frame as he passes through the doorway. He smiles at the sight of her on the bed. It has been weeks, or months, time seems to have different meanings for some reason but they have been separated for longer than ever before in their year of marriage.

There she was, smiling that smile that melted his heart and heated his loins. Her long blonde hair cascading down her shoulders and draped over her young full breasts with nipples peaked like pink diamonds waiting for his mouth. As he moves across the room he removes his heavy clothing, first his shirt and then his pants, his boots were already missing for some reason he didn't know and didn't care how. As he pulled his linen loincloth down freeing his huge, heavy and thickly veined cock she gasps and blushes making him smile a toothy grin. He finds it endearing that after almost a year of marriage she still turns pink at his nakedness.

She parts her legs exposing her pink slit to his eyes, it's already damp with the golden silk surrounding it glistening wetly as she waits for her husband with erotic anticipation. No foreplay is needed this evening as he moves closer to the bed both are more than ready, both are more than aroused with hearts pounding to feel joined to one another. Her eyes are locked on that huge organ her body craves. It sways slowly as he moves proving its weight while the blunt glans peeks from its fleshy covering already shiny with his pre-sex fluid. This sends a shiver through her making her nipples even tighter and her legs to open wider which brings more blush to her cheeks. Oh, how she's missed this man, the only man she's ever truly loved. She reaches for him as he moves over her, his cock bumps against her thighs the heat and weight of which makes her pussy gush with more of her fragrant nectar.

"Oh, I've missed you my dearest husband," she whispers in a sultry voice deepened by her arousal.

"Not as much as I miss'd yer me Angel," he whispers back as his cock moves toward her waiting pussy. They moan as one when the blunt head of his cock finds the crease in her slit. Together they make small movements to get his cock inside her. He slowly, deliberately slides the swollen crown into her dripping and waiting little hole. They both shiver at first contact, she pushes herself upwards to bring more of that huge cock into her till the head is fully enclosed inside her. The rim of her pussy holds the flare of the pink acorn in a tight grip. She throws her head back, too long, it's been too long, she squeezes down on the huge thing stretching her so perfectly creating a groan from her older husband a groan that makes her smile at the power she has to bring him pleasure.

He teases her tight pussy just the way she likes by sliding the head of his throbbing cock in and out of the tight ring of muscle defining her hole. She squeals as the smooth crown slides through her passage, the flare pulling on her pussy when he withdraws. Her juices flow freely into the crack of her upraised ass causing an erotic sort of tickle there.

"Uuhnnnnn...," I can't take it," she moans, her eyes mere slits as the pleasures of his cock break like waves over her each time that huge head moves in or out of her slick velvet sheath. She throws her head back deep into the pillow as his hot mouth takes her nipples, one then the other, latching on and suckling them with powerful draws that pull that silver thread attached to her now inflamed clit.

"Ohhhh, me Baby," he growls as her wet pussy sucks on the head of his cock till it's nearly glowing and aching for more of her. Needing all of her he thrusts with all the muscles of his meaty butt and hips and drives his cock deep into her wet pussy jarring her to her spine and pushing her bottom deep into the mattress. He groans loudly as her little hands grip his ass trying to pull his cock even deeper into herself.

Up and down his big bottom moves guided by her pale little hands while his cock pounds into her young pussy driving it to rebound on the mattress the ropes beneath providing just enough spring to bounce her cunt up to meet his cock as it plunges down inside her. They dance on the bed together each trying to pleasure the other as they make love after the long absence. She squeezes his cock with her inner muscles and pulls and digs her nails into that big manly bottom she loves in her hands. She reaches around just enough to rub his scrotum while his balls slap against her tender pussy from the force of his thrusts bringing soft moans from her that are shortened by the next thrust. He raises his head from her breasts to watch her face as he pumps his cock in and out of her, her pleasure is clear but her love even more obvious. This is no physical meeting of cock and cunt but a spiritual binding of two souls for all time. Their bodies express their love but is not the extent of their love.

As their dance approaches crescendo the music of the bodies grows louder and more urgent. She wraps her legs around his hips and pushes her pussy up to meet his cock coming down bringing him deeper into her, joining them even more completely. She feels his cock swelling within her and the thrill of his approaching orgasm fills her with joy and increases her own arousal exponentially her body rushes to join in his climax.

It's impossible to love anyone more than he loves this beautiful young woman who saved his life. She breathed life into him with her love and now he rushes toward release hoping to fill her with the life she so craves. They shudder and moan together as his cock bursts inside her. His essence gushes into her in powerful hot spurts that splash against her very womb. She undulates her body as she feels his seed filling her throwing her off the cliff, shattering her very existence into a million rainbow pieces. Her heart swells with love and tears flow freely down her face as the intensity of their love releases long imprisoned emotions now freed by the physical expression of the depth of their total devotion to one another.

Her husband slowly decreases his frenzied thrusts till his hairy bulk settles atop her, his head settling into the crook of her neck and shoulder. "Ahhhh...me Brynlee...I love yer, I missed yer somethin' awful." Tears fill his eyes falling warmly against her shoulder but chilling quickly.

The young woman strokes the rough grey beard of her "old man" with loving tenderness while tears still shroud her vison. "I've missed you too.. Co..."

The modest stone cottage is lit by three flickering candles and a crackling colorful fire in the hearth. It is crowded with old but well cared for furniture and is both quiet and warm. Vases and pots of great diversity filled with flowers and what most would call weeds are scattered on and about the furniture and floor. Dried flowers and herbs tied with twine hang from the ceiling add a potpourri of scents and colors increasing the cramped feeling. On the west side of the room is a cot containing a sleeping heavily built man covered with a thick woolen blanket. His head is all that is visible with grey balding hair and matching grey beard that frames his square chin. There are signs of bruising and recently removed stitches on his face and bald pate where a particularly large bruise is noticeable.