 I would like to take a moment to thank Chris Xavier for his input and edit. Thanks to both Chris and HornyBabe1965 for their encouragement and support.

This story was inspired by a nightmare I had a few months back. The symbolism is personal, but some of it is also rather obvious. That dream shook me to the extent that it stuck with me for several days afterward, and so I mused that it might make for a decent story.

I hope you enjoy it, and are entertained.

...............................

The Rex

He was fucking his wife again when I walked into the lab. The only thing blocking my view was the steel refrigerator door, and unfortunately there was nothing blocking my auditory sense. I adopted my usual apathetic yet slightly annoyed stance as I waited for him to finish. Finally the sound of zippers and the lack of grunting allowed me to surmise that all things were back in their rightful places.

I opened my mouth and said, "You're going to get an infection if you keep that up. "

The Doctor peered over the edge, and partially closed the door, while looking at me in surprise. Despite our scheduled meetings, he seemed to be afflicted with a "chronic" condition, as he never could seem to anticipate my arrival.

"Oh! I've got that squared away. No worries, no worries!" he said in his usual excited manner. "Do you want to know how I do it?" he eagerly inquired.

"Not particularly," I replied while sighing and rolling my eyes. "Do you have it?" I still asked him, while knowing full well that he did indeed have it in his possession. I spied it on the counter.

With utter disdain he gave his typical response. "Why do you have to give it to them? Those cannibals outside deserve nothing! They should all perish and cleanse the earth and be done with it! If I had another bomb I'd do us all in the way we should have been the first time! What's the point in carrying on when there are no new people? If I could have a child, I would not any way! Do you know why? Because this is no place for a child to live! We were all saved the day The Rex came! Do you know that? We have nothing to live for, but The Rex gives us something to die for! "

I shifted the weight from my left foot to my right and waited for the second part of his rant. His wild hair stood on end as if his eccentricity was shot through each strand like currents of electricity. The Doctor was working himself up into a most typical frenzy.

"Those fucking flesh eaters deserve the pain they feel! Why must we make things easier on them? They hate and destroy! There is no love left in this world! Why do we live? Tell me that! Tell me!"

He was really getting on my nerves. "You know why I have to give it to them Doctor. As for why I live, I have just about as much purpose as you."

I peered over at his wife through the gap in the partially open door, and made an observation.

"I see someone's been snacking, eh Doctor? Those 'cannibals' are just trying to survive like you and me. I blame them for nothing. I wouldn't blame them if they killed me a few minutes from now. Don't worry though; dozens are being converted by the day." 

At that I dropped several bags of produce at his feet, grabbed the elixir, and brusquely walked out the door.

I hurled myself into the warm autumnal outdoors. Being in the city and barring inclement weather, you could never really tell what season it was; not that anyone cared to keep track of time anymore anyway. I was suddenly glad that I live outside the perimeter of this hellish place. Still seething, I scoffed at the idea that I had been in love with him at one time. 

The sun shone red through the haze, and I squinted, while adjusting to the change in light. I made out the shape of a man before me. He was of typical appearance, and clad in the typical rags you see on city dwellers; no teeth, no hair, and his skin wasn't looking particularly savory either. I sighed again as I knew what was coming.

"The Rex is your salvation! The mouth of The Rex is the gateway to heaven, the eye of The Rex is the key to oblivion! So sayeth us all!" he canted.

I dismissed him with a gesture of my hand and walked on despite him clinging to my overcoat. He let go eventually. They always do. I pulled my hood on, and over that my sunglasses, and determinedly walked the last stretch of the journey to The Overseer.

***

"The Messenger is here Sir," an attendant declared, announcing my presence.

I removed my glasses and hood, placing them in the pockets of my large coat. I was left in a room with three people: The Overseer, a naked girl tied to a frame in a very compromising position, and one guard. The Overseer always liked to try to impress me with shocking sights; however, my apathy was unwavering.

I patiently awaited his acknowledgement. His back was turned to me, but even with his shoulders slouched, he was undeniably large. The Overseer, always clad in black was a large, bald man, and of a disturbingly mean disposition. It was well known that he had a special affection for me, despite me taking his eye the previous year. He is the reason why I started shaving my head.

Roughly one year ago I was in to see him. He was feeling particularly impatient that day. I was yanked backward by my hair, and pulled into his chest. He took the opportunity to grossly molest me before I managed to snap my hand back and assault his face. I took his eye as payment. Since then I've had somewhat of a reputation.

The guard stood near the door way. The girl was clearly drugged, her eyes were glazed over, and she had a foolish grin on her face. Her skin lesions gave her away as being a city dweller. The Overseer slowly turned to look at me with the most dramatic flair, and with only one eye of course. He smiled.

"You're early. Good. I guess it's just as well. I have much need of The Elixir these days, and I suppose you have a great need of that which I am willing to give you." Smirking lewdly, he picked up a knife with a short blade. Gesticulating with his spear, he started speaking of the incident in which he lost his eye. Of course the story fell on bereft ears. I was the only one who listened to his words, and I had no need to revisit the experience.

"I don't blame you though," he said. "I don't blame you because you are just trying to survive despite the futility. I would have killed you, I may even still if I get the chance. You are human and your only objective is to survive. You reproduce, and you eat, and shit, and breathe; or at least there was something worth living for when we could reproduce."

"You don't know why you do it then, do you? You don't know why you keep on, but you just do. That is your biological imperative. I am happy to say that I am free of that nonsense. Do you see this girl? She like many of the others has sold her ovaries to science. She has sold her left kidney for food. She has sold her cunt for shelter. She eats the flesh of her fellow man. She is base and vile. There is no joy for people like her. There is only pain. So we will bask in it. There is only joy in death, so I will give this gift to her. I will give her ecstasy, the ultimate ecstasy!" At that he slashed his left arm with the blade. I think this was supposed to shock me.

I coughed. I'm cold, I'll admit it. The trauma of everyday life takes its toll, and I've seen a lot of violence. I looked at him with steely eyes. "Well, I thank you humbly Overseer. The Elixir is yours, and if you don't mind Sir, I think I will be going."

"Of course," he leered. "Go ahead; this guard will take you where you need to go, but are you certain that you don't want to watch me dissect her? She's gonna be a beaut if there ever was one. I think I might fuck her and carve her at the same time."

"Thank you humbly Sir," I replied. "But I really must decline."

I followed the guard out of the room. The only thing that followed me was the sound of a woman screaming and laughing, screaming and laughing...

The guard brought me to a stockpile guarded by an older gentleman. He appeared to be in good health, and unattractively inquisitive. 

"So, what are you going to do with all of this?" he whispered to me. "You're going to make a bomb aren't you? I've heard rumors of you."

I looked at him, and grabbed what was rightfully mine, retrieved my weapons at the door, and stalked out.

***

When I finally reached the clearing of the glen I allowed myself to relax a bit. Being enveloped by such earthen beauty always makes me nostalgic for the old days. I never fully let my guard down though. As soon as I feel the first emotions start to break through the surface of my being, I suck them back down. I've survived this long because of my cold and calculating ways. 

I don't know why I keep on. I just keep going. I have very little to live for, but I survive because I don't think about it. I don't think too much about things, but on days like this, a memory or two creeps through, and I indulge...

The last stretch of my journey home from the city reminds me of my last lover. We used to walk under the trees, hand in hand. She was so soft, and lovely, and I loved her. I loved her dearly.

We loved in the days before the biological agent from the other side of the world caused all of our men to become sterile. We loved in the days before our side of the world became aware of that first strike, and thusly destroyed the other half with the fires of hell.

We clung to one another as our families died out and faded away. We only had one another. Protected by my lab, we were fairly unscathed by the radiation sickness that followed.

She developed a different kind of sickness, despondency became her lover. Now I push away the pain, and remember her as she was on her last day, before she gave herself to The Rex.

She came to me that day, and it was roughly this time of year as well. I had no idea of what was to become of her. We visited our friend The Doctor and his wife earlier on in the day. He was working with some scientists from another city to see if we could combine our DNA, and have children despite our sex. He had been unsuccessful in his latest attempt. I think that is what the "final straw" was for her.

She was sad, but this was not unusual. We walked under the trees hand in hand. When we arrived home, I grasped her face in my hands. I tried to soothe away her loneliness with my kisses. 

I led her to the apple tree under the dome of the arboretum. It was late, the stars shone brightly, and I kissed her like I was mad. I kissed her mouth, her beautiful, soft succulent mouth. It was a perfect fit on mine. I slid my mouth down over her neck and down the cleft of her breasts.

We managed to grab a blanket and throw it down on the floor, and lay down while never missing a beat. Ever so gently I brought her wrists up over her head; this always does such wonderful things for a woman's breasts. She knew to keep her hands where I left them. She was my consummate love; I wanted to breathe her into me. I never wanted to let her go. 

Making quick work of her clothing, when her left buttock was lifted, I took the opportunity to bite and savor her. I brought my hand down and playfully slapped the same place that had been bitten. She giggled, and we both knew that this time was going to be gentle. 

Splayed open for me, and for the heavens above to witness, I slid my tongue over her succulent flesh. I planned to make quick of her pleasure as well. I licked the insides of her thighs, and then moved over her lips. I probed her with my tongue, tasted of her sweetness, and touched on her most tender of spots.

I then probed her with my fingers also, stretching and filling. She writhed and squirmed. I was as unrelenting as she was hot. My tongue touched down once again, and she was on fire. My heart raced, and pumped blood mercilessly through my veins. Moaning, she started to make time to my beat, lifting her hips to greet the command of my greedy hand, and my needy mouth...

I was suddenly startled from my reverie as I heard shouting and voices in the distance. I dropped my bags at the base of an old oak, and unsheathed my shotgun from its place under my coat.

Moving as stealthily as possible over the dry, covered ground I came upon three city dwellers attacking another hooded person such as myself. They took one look at me and scattered like leaves to the wind. The person on the ground was clearly injured. I pointed my shotgun and said "Remove your mask and hood immediately." Obeying my wishes, a man not much older than I exposed himself for what he was.

"Please, please have mercy!" he begged. "I mean you no harm! I was attacked by those men; I think they were going to eat me!"

I smiled. "Yes, they probably would if given the chance. I am merciful on occasion, if you would like I will bring you home and see that you are fed and washed."

"Oh thank you Ma'am, thank you! I am at your mercy! Thank the heavens!" 

"Can you walk?" I asked.

"I think my leg is broken Ma'am." He grimaced as he tried to move it. Upon further inspection, I surmised that it was most likely a fracture. 

My instincts rarely fail me, and there was something very earnest, and almost naive about this young man. I put my gun back into my coat, helped him up, grabbed my bags of plant fertilizer, and supported him as he hobbled back to my home.

***

Although merciful on occasion, I am not stupid. As soon as I got him home, I chained him to the wall by his good foot. It was quite the sight to behold. He had medium length corn silk hair, eyes like clear pools of water, and one very succulent cherubic mouth.

Men don't normally do much for me, but I've always had a thing for the pretty ones. I immediately concluded that he might be fun to play with. I think it was the chain that set my wheels turning, if only momentarily.

The part of my abode that exists above ground consists of an enormous botanical garden. In the center is a large Apple tree. I chained him to part of an inside wall as not to be in direct sunlight all day. 

Before the times of worry and sadness, I was a botanist. I was a research scientist. There are several layers of reinforced living space under the ground below the garden. The underground portion was built to protect against most radiation, and survive earthquakes. 

On the sides of the UV protected dome, there are solar panels. There is also a protective cover, and lights to simulate sunlight in the event that such things would be necessary. The solar panels provide minimal power, but are sufficient enough to give life to some water filters The Doctor and I had made in the beginning of the fallout.

I think my friend was a bit surprised at his captivity, but I think he was smart enough to know that I was his best chance for survival. I gave him some clean water, and hearty vegetables to eat. I let him bathe himself in private, and when he was done I set his leg just in case it was necessary. I tended to his scrapes and cuts. For the very little training I've had, I must say that I do a decent job.

"Ma'am," he implored. "Please know that I am not a threat to you. I owe you my life, and I would gladly pledge my undying loyalty to you. I would give my life if that is what you wished, I only ask one thing."

"What is that?" I glanced up from packaging up the remaining materials of dressing his wounds.

"I only wish to be set free long enough to slay the beast, then I am yours forever."

I smirked. "Oh, and so you'll come back and live out your term as my slave huh?" He was so incredibly serious I couldn't help but smile. "What beast do you plan to slay my dear Hero?"

"Why The Rex of course Ma'am. He is a false idol, and a harbinger of great evil."

I sighed. "What do you know of The Rex? Is he a man, or a beast? What is he?"

"Well Ma'am, they say that in the days of many scientists, when they were trying to make new people through cloning, the scientists declared themselves greater than God. They took the life force of a great and colossal Tyrannosaurus Rex and created a monstrosity instead. I've heard from many sources that it is just a mouth, an enormous mouth with razor sharp teeth. It doesn't have eyes or much of a brain. It just eats, and consumes in a gluttonous frenzy. He has an affinity for young maidens, and expels their bones as waste into the valley. All of the followers worship this thing! They actually say that the mouth is the gateway into Heaven." The Hero seemed so exasperated that he actually started to sob.

All of this emotional outpouring was really too much for one day. I stood awkwardly near him and robotically patted his shoulder. I think I may have even said, "there there." 

"Well dear, no need worrying about it right now," I said "You have much healing to do before you can face such a nemesis."

"Yes Ma'am," he replied softly. "Ma'am? May I sleep near you? I will remain gentlemanly and never try anything; it's just that I've been alone for such a long time."

I don't know why I gave in; it could even be seen as empathy which really wasn't one of my strong suits at the time. Maybe the solitude was getting to me; in any event I led him to the lower level, and chained him to a wall roughly twenty feet from my bed. I gave him a blanket and a pillow, and he slept peacefully on the floor.

Thinking of this beast eating my lover was enough to keep me awake for many nights. There are so many followers of The Rex that a lottery is held once per month in order to decide who will be allowed to "transcend" this life and live on through The Rex. 

My lover left me on one such night. I awoke during the witching hour to realize that she was gone. I ran out doors and towards the city, tracking her footprints in the thin layer of dewy frost.

I came upon the city, and it was beautiful and ethereal. Darkness contrasted sharply with the many followers bearing candles, torches, and lanterns. They all wore white robes, and I never saw my lover again. I only heard her name called above the throng of the crowd as being worthy of greeting The Rex.

I searched the crowds for her, but I never found her. She simply disappeared into the night. I asked everyone I saw what became of her, but no one could seem to remember her name, or of ever hearing of her. I held out hope for a while, that she would come back to me, but she never did.

***

Over the course of the following weeks, Hero and I became more comfortable with one another. He was very insistent on indulging me. By the third week, he had accomplished the status of being allowed to sleep at the foot of my bed. I in turn, fed him, clothed him, and encouraged him to improve his literacy. 

It was not long before he started to look at me with that intensity that is so common of men. Several times I caught him looking at me, only to have me look him directly in the eye, and for him to immediately look away, casting his eyes downward.

On one such occasion, Hero was reading a book. He repeatedly looked up at me over the edge of his tutorial while I pretended not to notice. I had just bathed and was mending a small tear in my overcoat. Finally having enough of the game, I walked over and planted my face directly in front of him. Startled, he fell backward off his chair landing softly onto the flooring behind him. I laughed, we both laughed, and harder than either of us had in a very long time.

Hero insisted on pampering me in such a strange way that often times I was made uncomfortable. One day after working many hours pruning some tall trees, he approached me and asked if he could cleanse and massage my feet. I reluctantly consented.

"Is the water warm enough Ma'am?" he inquired, adopting that lecherous twinkle to his eye.

I cleared my throat. "That's fine Hero, my calves are especially tired today. Please do not neglect them." I held my head high, feigning haughtiness.
