 Chapter 1: On Display

"Update, Officer?" Captain Eipom requested as he took his stance at the centre of the bridge, his first mate Rion Flaks took her typical place two steps to the right and behind him.

"We are progressing at pace since re-routing away from the anomaly, sir," Ami responded. Rion noticed that Ami's voice had been higher than normal in the past week, ever since Captain Eipom had apparently chosen her as the flavour of the week. But what troubled the First Mate more was how the Captain and crew talked about the anomaly as if they had avoided it. It had been the command of Admiral Lorna at headquarters to do so, but Eipom had directly disobeyed her and hyperjumped to the source of the anomaly. When they found nothing, Eipom rerouted immediately to the course designated by Lorna but had since talked about it as if he had never done that.

"Excellent work, Ms. Tanaka," The Captain said to Ami, stepping toward her. Rion knew what was coming next. Ami had taken to a public display very well a few days ago and Eipom had since made this a daily activity. He dropped his uniform pants and began rubbing his sizeable cock over the pretty officer's face. Ami just giggled while the rest of the bridge crew continued to work. This sort of behaviour wasn't entirely uncommon under the Free Use Agreement that governed The Reyblade as well of the majority of ships under New Order rule, and all the crew members had willingly signed on for it. But Captain Eipom had been the sort to make use of his crew in private, only making public displays every so often. But Rion had noticed a change in behaviour in her Captain recently, at least in contrast to the seven years she had spent serving under him.

"That's it, little slut, purse your lips for your Captain," Eipom grunted while Ami continued to giggle. She cupped her enormous breasts over her uniform top as she obeyed his orders. Rion noticed a few crew members taking glances. Some with envy, some with annoyance, some with a mix of the two. Rion herself just stood there. Personally she felt grateful that The Captain's sexual attention had been off of her. She generally liked Eipom's cock and had a sexuality that preferred servitude, but a week ago she had called Admiral Lorna and secretly sold out Eipom's insubordinate actions and her decision had made her very distracted. Lorna's response had been vague and it had been a week since it happened. 

"Nuh-uh, keep your uniform on, Ami. Cup my balls and suck harder."

"Mmpphhhh, mmm!"

"With your permission, Captain, I have other duties to tend to," Rion spoke, sensing that this would be a longer session.

"Yeah yeah, get out of here, Miss Flaks. I've got all I need right here," Captain Eipom said, looking down proudly at Ami as he ran his fingers through her short black hair.

Rion had actually completed most of her tasks for the day, but wasn't in the mood for the Eipom and Ami show. Rion had been spending more time in the Weapon's Bay recently to chat with Jez and almost involuntarily made her way there. When the doors opened, she was met with loud hooting and hollering that hit a wall the moment she stepped inside.

"R-Rion! You usually don't come here for another few hours!" One of the pilots stammered. Rion looked around. There was a semi-circle of pilots, all with drinks, cheering on a half-naked pilot who Rion immediately recognized as Jessi Ipsen. Jessi had clearly been dancing for them, one hand clutched onto a pole, her long red hair dangling to the floor with her head to the side.

"Is this why you were all so unorganized last week?" Rion asked with a smirk. There was no response except for the pilots starting to slowly stand up and disband but Rion raised her hand. "Hey now! I didn't ask you to stop. Jessi is our best pilot, so I want to see if she's our best dancer too. The real question is, who will eat me out while I watch?"

The room was silent. Rion had cultivated a stern reputation over the years. She knew herself that this was never something she would have done even a week ago. But something had snapped not just for Eipom after encountering the anomaly. 

"I'm being serious!" She said, striding over to the wall opposite the pole Jessi had set up. Rion unzipped her stretchy uniform pants and unceremoniously dropped them to the floor and then sat down with her legs spread. "I don't care if it's awkward. Keep dancing."

It was clear that the crowd of pilots had no idea how to react, but Jessi herself shrugged her shoulders and began to dance again. There was no music, but it was as if her body conjured some. Eipom's preference for busty women didn't extend as firmly to pilots with whom he spent the least amount of time and Rion began to rub her clit through the skin of her labia as she watched Jessi's lean form work the pole.

"At least somebody get me a drink," Rion said, her eyes fixed on the young redhead as her fingers pushed harder. The crowd seemed to finally believe that this wasn't a ruse to get them in further trouble and they started to slowly make noise again. Jessi had locked eyes with Rion and appeared to dance just for her. The young pilot unzipped her uniform bottoms and seeing the shock of red hair that covered Jessi's crotch get exposed made Rion gasp and use two fingers to part her pussy lips, collect some of her wetness and bring it directly to her clit. She didn't remember the drink being brought to her, but she took a sip.

The Free Use Agreement worked such that department heads had free use control of their crews and The Captain had free use of the entire ship. Rion, as First Mate, was in an awkward position in that she had no direct department of her own. The Captain was allowed to assign her charges if she requested, but she had never requested. Rion ripped her eyes from Jessi's and scanned the crowd. She caught the glance of a pilot whom she recognized, but did not know the name of. Rion glanced down at her pussy and looked the pilot back in the eyes. The pilot nodded. That was good enough for Rion who looked back to Jessi and took her hand out from between her legs. Sure enough, it wasn't long before she felt a tongue testing her inner thigh. Rion let out a sigh and leaned back. Jessi seemed to get excited by watching the First Mate get serviced by a veteran pilot and she put more effort into her dance. The cheering and hollering had resumed. Some pilots began to make out and Rion unzipped her uniform top, reaching inside to grope her full G cup breasts, gasping as she began to knead the warm soft flesh. Rion downed the rest of her drink and put it on the ground. She just wanted to lose herself in pleasure. She wanted to forget about The Captain and the anomaly and Ami's smug looks every time she coaxed out another of Eipom's thick heavy loads. 

Rion looked down and saw that she had been holding the pilot's head hard into her crotch. She let go but the pilot made no attempt to come up for air, so Rion pulled back hard, taking her one hand out of her top so she could use both this time. She watched Jessi grind the pole with her crotch. So many girls Jessi's age felt the need to shave when they came aboard a Free Use ship and seeing the 19-year-old's incredible bush just got Rion even closer to orgasm. She turned her face down to the pilot servicing her.

"I'm going to come on your face and I don't even know your name," she hissed. She had already begun to shake. Everything tightened inside Rion, tightening and shaking until she finally let go. She let out an incredible cry that everybody could hear even above the noise. Rion felt the pilot struggling to get air now, but she held on for just a second longer before releasing, letting her orgasm twitch and subside, not caring who was watching or what she looked like. The cheering seemed to get louder and when Rion started to get her breath back, she noticed that Jessi had begun to make out with another pilot who Rion recognized as Sara Stem. Another red-head, but one who always had her hair up in pigtails. Sara was a few years older than Jessi and a lot bustier. Sara had become naked too at some point and the pole had become abandoned as the pair ran up against a wall, putting on a public sexual display for the rest of the pilots. Rion noticed that the woman who had serviced her had left back for the crowd. The First Mate got dressed and left quietly, satisfied with the results of her new unexpected attitude.

Chapter 2: New Order

Ami took a bite of her meal in the mess hall and once again had a collection of crew members around her asking her questions.

"Are you faking it? Those things you say?" Sophie asked. Sophie was an experienced Communications Officer, but this was her first year on a Free Use ship. Captain Eipom hadn't yet used her save for a handjob during her interview and she had been asking Ami questions every day since she had first been used on the bridge.

"Nuh-uh," Ami responded, her mouth full. "It's like my brain shuts off and my mouth just talks for me. I've honestly never had sex anything like this before."

"I hear he drinks a serum that makes his come addictive, do you think it's true?" Asked Yunice, a first year engineer.

"Who cares? I'd rather crave the taste than dread it."

"Aren't you embarrassed being talked to that way in front of everyone?" Sophie again.

"Yeah, but that makes it hot. I know he respects me as a member of the crew. The sex is separate."

Ami loved feeling like a celebrity and remembered when she used to listen in on other members talking about their experience with Eipom or other Department Heads. And while the power dynamics of the other situations interested her, Ami considered herself almost completely straight and so it was stories about Captain Eipom - the only man on the ship - and his long hard cock and big robust loads that always captivated her. She realized not everybody would love how she ate up the attention, but she didn't care. She planned to be such a good slut for The Captain that he would never stop using her.

"Would all primary crew please report back to the Bridge immediately." The voice of the emergency announcement system was soft but it was used so infrequently that it was jarring.

"That's us," Ami said to Sophie, taking one last big bite while standing up and striding off.

"Jeez, I know," said Sophie to herself. "It's not like you're my boss now."

Ami walked into a flurry of activity and Roberta the Navigator-in-training who had been at her post looked very pleased to be relieved. Ami looked at her console and immediately understood the emergency. A whole fleet had set their jump-in point to very nearby space. She set right to work figuring out more details as the bridge settled around her.

"Sir," she said, looking up to find Eipom, but he wasn't standing where she expected him to. She looked down and found him talking to Jez. It looked like a professional conversation but she still felt a flair of jealousy. "Captain! These look like New Order ships."

Eipom's expression hardened. 

"What I said still stands," he said to Jez before standing up to approach the Navigation console. "New Order? Why such an aggressive landing position?"

He got close to Ami and pressed his lips right against her ear. She couldn't help but grow excited although she knew it wasn't the time. "And you said nothing about what really happened last week in your report?"

"Of course not, Sir," Ami responded sincerely.

"Well their pop-in coordinates don't allow us to jump safely in time. They must know that," Eipom grunted before looking around the bridge. "Now where the hell is my First Mate?"

Rion was about a half-minute away. The incident in the Weapon's Bay had set something loose in her and the emergency announcement system had interrupted her in the middle of ramming an engineer with a strap on. She had heard the announcement, but didn't want to stop. Julie had been easy to take. Clearly lonely and sexually frustrated stuck all day in the Engineering Bay, Rion quickly found her toys and bent her over her own bed, greedily soaking in Julie's lustful gratitude.

Both had been left wanting as Rion eventually felt too distracted by the announcement to continue.

She strode onto the bridge the moment Eipom had lifted up the microphone to make an announcement for her.

"Impeccable timing as always, Ms. Flaks," Eipom sneered.

"What's the emergency, Captain?" Rion replied calmly.

"New Order ships. No announcement. Aggressive formation." Eipom replied.

Rion's heart jumped but she kept her calm exterior. 

"What's the order, Captain?"

"Jez has our fleet on standby," Eipom said. From the corner of her eye, Rion could see Jez looking at her and shaking her head with a panicked expression. "But we don't jump to conclusions. We wait for communication. I'm sure everybody on the bridge remembers that we followed Admiral Lorna's orders directly."

"Yes, Captain," said Ami immediately. Rion grit her teeth.

"Excellent. So we standby."

It didn't take long. The pop-in point was so close that the bridge had a visual of the fleet.

"Standby," said The Captain.

"Only twenty per cent of the fleet is loaded," Jez whispered to Rion in private comm. 

"I don't think it's going to matter, Jez," Rion whispered back dryly. Ami spoke out loud what Rion had already noticed.

"Our systems are overridden, Captain. The New Order has exercised their right of suspension."

"Hmph," said Eipom. "We can't even contact them?"

"No, but there is a call coming in," peeped Sophie. "Shall I patch?"

Eipom nodded curtly and the image of Admiral Lorna flickered onto the panel. She had two large guards on either side of her. They were so tall that their heads were well out of frame. Morren, Rion figured. At least Lorna wasn't scared of employing non-Humes like Eipom seemed to be.

"Stay on the bridge, Eipom, I'm coming to speak with you," is all she said before the image disappeared. Ami looked up at her Captain with a worried expression. 

"What can I do, Captain?"

Eipom looked down at her and stroked her hair lovingly.

"Everything will be alright, Ami. Let's hear what the Admiral has to say."

The bridge stood in painful silence waiting for Lorna to dock and approach. It was over ten minutes. Rion counted.

Finally the main doors opened and Lorna entered with the two Morren guards by her side. Any Hume would look short compared to fully grown Morren, but Rion always forgot how short Lorna naturally was. Her stern face and enormous breasts made her look even more imposing despite her height. The whole bridge stood up and saluted.

"At ease," Lorna said in an irritated tone, waving her hand. "Captain Eipom, charges of treason have been leveled against you."

"Is that so?" Eipom answered calmly.

"Yes. We have been notified that you directly disobeyed my order to avoid the reported anomaly. This information comes from a trusted source."

"And you doubted me enough to come in person? Hasn't my track record shown nothing but loyalty?"

"Ms. Tanaka. Ami, was it? You were on duty at the time of the incident, I remember. Were you commanded to disobey my direct order?"

"No, Ma'am, The Captain followed your orders immediately, Ma'am," Ami said without hesitation. Rion resisted the urge to roll her eyes.

"And you'll allow me access to your console to confirm that?"

"Of course," Ami said and stepped aside. Rion could tell that this made Eipom nervous, but he held his ground. Ami looked strangely confident.

"Hmm," Lorna mulled as she expertly navigated the console, looking through records and reports. "You're correct. There is only record of one jump at that time, and it leads to the beginning of your present course. Can the rest of the present crew confirm Ami's account? Was only one jump made that day?"

The bridge slowly started to nod their heads and murmur confirmation. Rion felt her stomach turn, especially as Lorna turned her attention to the First Mate.

"Well then, it appears as though we have wasted a great deal of time and resources following a wild goose set loose by a one Rion Flaks." The entire bridge turned to face her and Rion could feel Eipom's eyes in particular burning a hole through her skull. "You'll accept my apology I'm sure, Captain. May I trust you to handle Rion's punishment? Assuming she is stripped of all power and authority and reputation, of course."

"Yes, Admiral. I won't let you down."

"You never do, apparently. Give constant updates on her punishment, Eipom. It will help to ease the pain of coming out here for nothing."

"Of course, Admiral."

The bridge seemed to hold its collective breath until the ships from the fleet had jumped away again. Rion braced herself, but Eipom first directed his attention to Ami.

"How did you do that?!"

"A slut never reveals her secrets!" Ami giggled, standing up straight for The Captain, her incredibly generous bust squished subtly into Eipom's upper stomach. "But I couldn't let them take you away!"

"But those consoles are unhackable!" Rion started, but Captain Eipom snapped his gaze to his former First Mate, drew an instrument from his side, pointed it at her, and pressed a button. Rion felt her limbs stiffen and fell backwards. Her mouth was unable to open.

"Somebody call security and throw that bitch down in detention," Eipom sneered as he began to put his hands all over Ami. "As for you, I think you've earned that ass fucking you've been begging for. Bend over the console for your Captain."

Rion felt her consciousness slip away as well. When she awoke she was in one of the ship's containment cells, dressed in inmate attire. She could hear some audio on repeat but it took her a moment to realize that it was her own voice. 

"I'm a bad little slut who disobeys her Captain's orders," it said. Rion groaned. It was the video that Eipom had made her record. The one she had used as a cover to call Admiral Lorna. It took her a moment more to realize that the video was being displayed on every available panel as well. Good thing she was the only inmate at the moment, she thought. 

But the video was being displayed all throughout The Reyblade also. Rion had assumed the video would be for masturbation purposes and she had recorded it with a naughty lilt, making sure to subtly shake her naked breasts as well. Captain Eipom had put the ship in stasis and had called an all-crew meeting in the mess hall after plowing Ami's ass on the bridge. The video of Rion still played on repeat in the background, the audio diminished to make way for his voice.

"As you may have already heard," Eipom began, "long-serving First Mate Rion Flaks has been dishonorably discharged for treason. I wish to hire for the vacated position from within. Until we find the best way to deal with Ms. Flaks, no visitors will be tolerated. Leave her to stew in her own wrongdoings. Continue as usual and report directly to me until the position has been claimed. I will be accepting applications for interviews from all members of the crew, no exceptions."

Eipom dismissed the crew and they immediately began to chatter and gossip. Rion had been such a fixture beside Eipom that it didn't seem real. Ami started to follow The Captain to his chambers, but he soon turned to her with a bit of a confused expression. 

"You're dismissed as well, officer. Although I suppose you can go to the cabin and fetch Callie Stern for me. I have unfinished business with her."

Ami nodded, trying to hide how upset she was. She had been staying with the Captain overnight since the first time he had used her in public and while she didn't think it would last forever, she figured it would be less unceremonious. She stomped to the Cabin and opened the door to the giggling and chattering gaggle of girls. 

"Callie? Callie Stern? The Captain wants you."
