 It is five millennia since the Diaspora. Man has spread far through the stars and prospered. When the children of Man returned whence they came, they found that time and technology had changed some far from the original sketch. Still, they are all brothers and sisters beneath the surface of appearance. Rias is a small world with little in the way of interstelar trade and commerce; still, even here there are stories to tell...

Point Station hung in orbit over the blue, green, and white globe below. I had been on the station for almost a day awaiting the arrival of the cruise ship Boas. I had booked the cruise a year ago and was now finally about to get off planet. The Boas would travel out to the large gas giants, remain in orbit in the oort cloud for two days, and then swing back into the inner system. A week total. I couldn't wait.

I was on one of the observation decks enjoying a drink and the view of Rias below me when I saw it. This was my first time off world and I had never seen an alien with my own eyes. On the holovision, of course, but never in the flesh. I was struck dumb by the sight. Taller than me, completely humanoid, copper in color. Not copper as in well tanned, but copper like the metal. It was amazing. And it was walking toward me.

I had learned, like all children of Rias, never to refer to an alien's gender until one was absolutely sure. It looked every bit like the statue of Apollo from the central plaza cast in satin finished metal. It was beautiful. I tried my best to look casual as I leaned against the rail in front of the observation window. Taking a sip from my drink I snuck a glance again and saw that the being had ordered a drink at the bar and was walking toward me.

"Your world is beautiful." It said to me as it leaned against the rail.

"Thank you, but I didn't really have anything to do with that." I cringed as the lame joke hung in the air between us. The first words I had ever spoken to an alien and I would have paid dearly to take them back. I could have gone to temple when I heard the creature next me laugh good-naturedly.

"The people of this world have a wonderfully easy sense of humor. Some humans make humor such a complicated affair. Are you male or female?" From someone of my own race, the question would have been soul crushing. Here, the protocol was clear.

"Male. And you?"

"Also male." I could finally think of it as he. He took a sip from his drink and turned to face me. "Do you also await the Boas? I have been on Rias for a year, but I arrived by cryoship. There was no chance to see the planetary system. I understand the outer planets are quite beautiful." I almost dropped my drink. This god incarnate would be on the cruise with me.

"Yes, the Boas. This is my first time off planet." The words tumbled clumsily and I took a long swig of my drink to wet a suddenly dry throat. "I hope the observation decks won't be too crowded when we get to the gas giants. I've seen them in holos and on the vid, but never in real life."

"I have first class accommodations with their own observation platforms. Stay with me." He placed his drink beside my own and slowly, deliberately drew his finger across the back of my hand.

Apollo's mighty member!

"I couldn't. I mean, I already have a cabin and I have to check in, and my luggage, and I wouldn't want to impose on you..." For some reason I couldn't shut up.

"Yes you can. There's time enough to sell you ticket back. You can have your luggage rerouted. You're not imposing; I invited." The smile on his face was very infectious.

"Um. Sure. I guess." We both started laughing. "I can sell my ticket back?"

"Yes. You'll only get half of your money in return, but who cares. Give me your boarding pass." I fished out the plastic card and we walked to the check-in kiosk. He slipped my card into the slot and then his own. A few seconds at the keyboard and both cards slid back out. His remained the same. Mine had turned from blue to gold. "That's it. Your luggage will be waiting in my... I mean, our room. Let's go." He took me by the hand and led me down the gang way.

"But the Boas is not here yet." I exclaimed.

"First class means a private shuttle to the ship prior to docking. We'll meet the Boas in flight." He released my hand and placed his in the small of my back, letting it slide down with just a bit more pressure than would have passed for casual. I glanced over at him and he was sporting a soft smile. I wondered what else he was sporting beneath his white tunic.

"I don't even know your name." I was praying that what I had under my tunic was not beginning to show in the front.

"You would not be able to pronounce it. I adopted a local name for my stay on Rias. You can call me Nick."

"I'm Kostas."

The shuttle trip to the Boas was filled with small talk and was shorter than I expected. When the great liner came into view we both became quiet and simply watched as the ship slowly filled the view port. It was a huge teardrop of a ship peppered with portholes. The shuttle docked with the Boas and we debarked. A turbo-lift opened directly into the middle of Nick's accommodations. It turned out to be better than first class; he had a complete level of the ship. There would only be five such accommodations. A second lift arrived directly behind us with our luggage.

"Get comfortable. We'll be docked for some time as the rest of the passengers board the ship." He picked up my bags along with his own and took them to a closet as I walked the circumference of the room.

It was huge with many view ports.

The largest port spanned the gigantic bed. It was as if the headboard were made of stars. I completed the circle of the room and Nick came out of the closet. He placed his hand along the side of my neck and head and leaned into a slow, deep kiss. I thought for sure that somehow he would taste different, strange, alien. But, no. When I closed my eyes I was being kissed sweetly, slowly, and deeply by this man. Alien was a word used often to refer to humans from off world, especially those who looked different from one's self. But this was a man, a true man, simply from a different line of men. I leaned harder into his embrace and breathed deeply of his smell. It was wonderful. I could feel him swelling against me and the heat seemed to burn through the fabric of our tunics. My own manhood was painfully swollen and pressed against Nick's. 

We were ancient warriors practicing at sword play. 

His hand found the clasp at my shoulder and my tunic fell away. His joined mine on the floor. The heat of his solidly muscled body against me was insane. The copper of his skin seemed freshly poured, still hot from the furnace. He pulled away and drew me to the bed. I was having some trouble controlling the trembling within me. He drew me down onto sheets so soft as to be nonexistent. His mouth and tongue found their way to every part of my neck and ears. His hands gripped and squeezed my back and then further below as he pressed against me with growing excitement. When his mouth found mine again he tasted of himself and of me and I was lost in his embrace. 

Nick rolled me over onto my back and his hair fell across my face in silken locks of antique gold. His sweet breath played across my cheeks and lips as he kissed every inch he could reach. He gripped me so tightly, so passionately, I thought he would crush me in his arms. My heat was rising with a speed that made me feel like a teenager being touched for the first time. I pushed him away when I felt that I just could not catch my breath or hold back that final bliss. I did not want this to end so quickly!

His torso above me was indescribable. His arms were the equal of Hercules. His chest, as broad and smooth as the Plains of Hera. His stomach as rippled as the foothills of New Olympus. His navel was Aphrodite's shell. 

And then something amazing happened. 

The silky warm satin of his skin became for a moment mirror smooth. I looked up into his eyes of silver and gold and saw the smile there that was duplicated in his gorgeous lips.

"What was that?" I asked through heavy breath.

"That was pleasure. That was me enjoying the beauty of you. You must know you are very fine to look upon." His chest and stomach rose and fell against me with a weight and strength that was truly magnificent. Truly man.

"I've been told I am handsome, but you, you are breathtaking. I can't get enough of myself against you. I feel that the gates of Olympus have opened and I have been invited to play." I stroked his flank as I said this and then slid my hand between us and took hold of treasures for which there are few words. Again, his skin went smooth and he looked even more the god I felt him to be. The skin of his shaft glided smoothly back and forth as I exposed the hidden parts of his manhood which was a deep, rich bronze. It glistened and shone like a warrior's battle helmet.

I rolled him to his side so that I could take in the sight of him. I held his manhood gently and continued to glide the skin down and back again. He kissed me strongly and I felt his hands reach for my own aching prick. I thought the touch of him would burn me. He stroked me with care and carefully restrained lust. He brought his hips closer to me and took both of our cocks in his hands. Exposing the helmets of these two warriors he brought them together and caressed one with the other. The feel of his cock against my own was the smoothest of sensations, the sweetest of kisses. The touch was nerves speaking to nerves and soon it became almost too much. I had to take his hands away and focus them elsewhere. His skin was now continuously smooth and covered in glistening sweat. He smelled ever bit the man. I inhaled the aroma of him and thought I would be lost in the heady scent. It made my breath tremble. His hands came away from me and I thought I would cry as I saw him rise from the bed. His amazing form walking to a panel in the wall near the bed could only be fantasy. The strong muscular globes of his ass flexed and stretched with his legs as he walked. I looked over my head for a moment and noticed the field of stars that was the tremendous view portal over the bed. A chime sounded softly and the room became dark with only the stars over my head.

"I cannot see you," I said, "I want to see you."

"Just wait," he said. Silently the room began to fill with stars. There must have been holo-emitters throughout the room.

We were floating in space. The softness of the bed, the bright soft shine of stars, the sweet bliss of being with this beautiful god of a man all combined and transported me. A spiral galaxy formed a few feet away over the bed and I saw him again. His physique was illuminated by the soft glow of a billion suns and suddenly I decided that this indeed was Apollo. The gods had chosen to be kind and smile upon one of their children.

I could here him breathing. I could see him by the light of the spiral galaxy, reflecting a universe of beauty. He walked slowly toward me and I moved myself to the edge of the bed. Sitting up I placed my hands against his stomach. He smiled and responded by flexing the muscles. I pulled him forward and placed my lips on him. Opening my mouth I played my tongue between each spectacularly defined ridge of his abdomen. His cock tapped against my chest in rhythm to the beat of his heart. As I kissed and licked down into the valley of treasures I felt his manhood against my chin. It was almost as long as my forearm, from the crook of my elbow to the line of my wrist.

I had held out long enough. There was no reason not to enjoy what was being offered so wonderfully, so fully, so generously. I closed my eyes and took his prick in my hand again, noting this time that my thumb and middle finger did not touch. Sliding his foreskin back I placed the lightest kiss to the tip. Another kiss, this time held in place. I slowly extended my tongue and pressed into the tiny slit at the end. The smell of him filled my mind and I was lost in touching him, tasting him, breathing him into me. He moaned softly and played his fingertips gently across my shoulders and along my neck. I opened my mouth and took him in. I pulled his skin up so that I could probe my tongue beneath the gorgeous fold of skin at the end. Dancing my tongue around the head I came to the frenum and gently played the tip of my tongue back and forth. The shudder that traveled through Nick came from deep within the core of his torso. He pulled his cock away from my lips.

"You are too much to believe. You play my body as if it were your own. Just when I am thinking of a place for you to touch, to kiss, there you are touching and kissing." I could say nothing. What does a man say when praised by a god?

He waved his hand mysteriously in the air and then drew himself down beside me in the ancient and most sacred circle of pleasure. His head in my lap, his cock at my lips, we engulfed each other and completed the holy ring. His endowment allowed me to take only part of him to begin with, but with persistence I took more and more of him into my mouth, into my throat. I finally managed to bring my lips to the base of his prick and with my tongue and throat muscles, massaged his massive cock. The holy circle was not to be taken lightly. Boys and girls alike trained from the age of sixteen. I had many partners that would visit regularly just to observe the sacred rite with me. I was quietly proud of this following. Nick seemed trained by the priests themselves in the temple of Apollo. Although not as large as Nick, I am no slouch for size. He took me completely and managed to even play his tongue along my scrotum when I was completely engulfed.

For a moment I opened my eyes and notice that the spiral galaxy which had spun above and to the side of the bed had moved. It was spinning lower and more closely, becoming larger as it approached. Closer and closer it spun as Nick took me deeper and applied pressure and suction that made me thrust and buck. I swallowed him again and again and savored the sweet flavor and texture of him. Again and again, deeper and stronger, arms wrapped around each other in order to take every inch while the galaxy spun closer and then under. The galaxy became our bed and we continued the holy union cushioned by the light of a billion stars.

Nick broke the circle and changed position. He brought his face to mine and kissed me deeply. The smell of our pleasure together was heavy on him. He embraced me tightly and drew himself between my legs. The countless stars beneath me illuminated his fantastic body as he rose to his knees. I knew what he wanted and he would have it. I am the lover of gods, I thought to myself. He leaned again to kiss me and I wrapped my legs around him. His massive cock pressed against me begging for entry. I gave silent permission by applying pressure with my legs. He came into me slowly. The pressure of his huge prick made me gasp. He paused and kissed me passionately along my neck and chest. When the pain subsided I gripped the globes of his ass almost savagely and gave myself to the feeling of impalement as I drew him in. Inch by inch he stroked more deeply. A soft moan in my ear signaled when he had achieved full entry. He laid against me for some moments and I could feel the beat of his pulsing cock within me perfectly timed to his heart against my chest.

Again he drew himself to his knees and pulled me with him so that I lay with my ass in his lap and his cock fully and firmly sunk in to the hilt. I lifted my hips a short distance and back down again. He slid within me and filled me to the edge of my senses. Slowly we fell into a rhythm. His hands played across my stomach and gripped my legs as I was filled again and again. Beneath us spun super novae and my head reclined against nebulae. Above me the god Apollo groaned and sweetly pinched my nipples. He filled me again and again with his mighty prick and the pleasure was like nothing I had ever felt.

Stars burned wildly before my eyes as the galaxy expanded and grew around us. Nick was engulfed by systems of planets and comets of cold blue fire. He held my cock in his hand with a gentle firmness and stroked me. His manhood continued to fill me again and again as we passed through the outer edges of the galactic core. The brilliance of light shone against him and turned him into a god of fire and gold. When he bent to kiss me his hair was flame dancing in the center of a nova and the explosion wrapped us in wave after wave of ejected plasma. I could feel the climax building within me and within him as he thrust against me with abandon. All my senses were focused on the feel of him, filling me, above me, embracing me, and the sound of creation burning around us.

Did I truly hear the beat of the galaxy's heart, or was it only the pounding of blood in my ears.

It didn't matter.

We flew through the nimbus of stars and glowing clouds of gas that orbited the core of the galaxy. Within its heart I caught flickering glances of the massive black hole within. The event horizon approached and giant stars of red, blue and white raced with us in their final dance, licking us with ribbon-like flares of ejecta. One by one they dropped into the irresistible grip of the black hole's gravitational pull. With the death of each star, there was a tremendous double jet of particles and energy racing in opposite directions accompanied by the scream of time and space ripping asunder. When our turn came to fall into the oblivion Nick kissed my neck with savage passion and held himself against me with a strength that was almost frightening. Within me he expanded and pulsed with fury as he released the purest essence of himself. I also exploded, spewing volley after volley of my seed between our bodies. I opened my eyes and saw that the galaxy had recognized our rapture and sent its jets of blue white energy in opposite directions, piercing the universe with the power of our celestial passion.

The galaxy spun away from us in all directions and soon faded. Nick lay against me, still within me, his breath heaving in pace with my own. I was numb and over stimulated at the same time. It was glorious. I had never had a man so completely bring me to satisfaction. Nick had accessed a capacity for pleasure within me of which I had been ignorant until that moment. I felt destroyed and remade, more alive and in tune with my body than I had ever felt.

Slowly he withdrew from me. His breath was sweet and the smell of our sex was heavy in the room. He stroked my hair and face and kissed me gently from forehead to chin. Soft words spilling from his lips were dulcet flutes chasing amorous song birds through sun drenched fields in bloom, cool rivers flowing joyfully over smooth rounded stones and the sound of spring breezes through tree tops heavy with new foliage. Not in a million lifetimes could I have learned his language. It simply is not meant for my tongue to know.

Kissing him in the golden warmth of exhausted bliss was a pleasure of another color. The amazing power and magic of what had just transpired had nearly burned out my senses, nearly left me forever lost in realms of power too strong for man to dwell. These caresses and alien words were a salve, a honeyed concoction to heal and sooth. His hands were again upon me and held me softly and stroked me gently with a delicacy that was spiritual. Kisses were soft and slow and hearts that had raced to the rhythm of a galaxy also slowed and calmed.

"Look." Nick gently guided my face to the port over the bed. I could see that the Boas had just disengaged from Point Station and Rias was slowly coming into view. The bright light reflected from the surface of my home world soon filled our room.

"Kostas, my little treasure. We have yet to even begin our journey and already you have made this something from an epic story of the ancient star-farers. I cannot wait to see what other wonders this trip holds for us."
