 Author's note - this is the fourth installment in a planned series of 5, and is a bit of a change of pace from the preceding chapters. 

It's taken a while to get started on writing this - I wasn't happy with my original plan for part 5, and so I put the series on hold while I considered totally rethinking parts 4 and 5. At long last I've had a flash of inspiration, and it complements my original plan for part 4 perfectly. 

***** 

Kelly sat alone at the bar, contemplating her cocktail and contemplating life in general, how one day you can be out getting drunk like it's any other night, and then suddenly the universe does something totally unexpected and you no longer recognise yourself. 

For Kelly, that event had occurred two weeks ago, and this evening, like most evenings, she found herself reminiscing. After the peculiar incident at the RIBRUNT lab, and her fortuitous rescue, Kelly had returned home to find herself a changed girl, in more ways than one. Firstly, there had been the question of what had happened to Gemma. Kelly wasn't worried about Gemma's safety, per se - there were plenty of reassuring emails to set Kelly's mind at rest - but Gemma wouldn't say where she was, or what she was doing. The only clue was that Gemma had specifically asked Kelly to hold off on looking for a new flatmate, for now. 

Once Kelly had managed to stop worrying, she decided it was about time to check out her "souvenir" from RIBRUNT. In the lab, the two of them had been utterly swept away by the powers of the equipment there, and their lust had caused them to transform their bodies beyond imagination. Before leaving, Kelly had had herself returned to normal, but held onto two small changes, the first being just a slight breast augmentation, the second something a bit more spicy. So she had undressed and lay down on her bed. She ran her hands slowly over her new boobs, gliding them across her belly to the vertical scar-like slit on her pubic mound. Bracing herself, she closed her eyes and clenched those new, unfamiliar muscles, feeling the change in her body that it triggered, a change that brought a smile to her face. She opened her eyes, and screamed. 

Kelly shook her head to try and clear that memory, and focussed very hard on her cocktail, tried to shift her thoughts away from that detail. She pondered, for the millionth time in the last fortnight, whether it was the events in the lab or her new physical attributes that had turned her from being a totally heterosexual woman, to one who was now spending time in LGBT bars. Her memory of that evening at RIBRUNT was hazy, she had been incredibly drunk. 

She swirled the ice in her drink as she reviewed more recent events. It hadn't taken long before her new desires had brought her to this place, in the hope of finding someone who could accept her as she now was. She'd had a one night stand with a fairly cute girl - they'd had some fun, but Kelly hadn't been comfortable enough to bare her secrets, and when the girl asked about the scar, Kelly just dismissed it as an old operation scar, and offered no further details. 

Even if it amounted to nought, Kelly liked this place. People were friendly, and that was enough. Right now it was still early in the evening, and she scanned around the place looking for someone to talk to, someone who didn't seem to be too immersed in a conversation already. You could tell a lot about a person by how they dressed and their body language, but Kelly was also acutely aware that her secret was a strange one, and the kind of soul who could be trusted with it might be living beneath the most unlikely facade. 

Kelly found her attention grabbed by a loud, but not harsh-sounding, female laugh. Looking towards the source of the sound she saw that it had come from a small group sat at a table that she had noticed earlier. There was a slim redhead in a brilliant scarlet dress with her back to Kelly, but even from behind she was clearly giggling. Kelly correctly judged her to be the one who had laughed, and instantly hated her. She reminded her of the popular girls in school, who were impossibly good-looking and always gave Kelly a hard time for being a bit awkward and overweight and unathletic. For the hundredth time in the last fortnight, Kelly sighed and added one more item to her mental list of things she should have done before leaving RIBRUNT - why had she walked out with this slightly pudgy body, when she could so easily have said "oh, and can I have a supermodel body and amazing hair". If she'd done that, then people like that laughing redhead wouldn't be so sickeningly far out of her league. 

Kelly realised that she'd been staring, and one of the redhead's male companions had noticed. She quickly snapped her attention back to her drink and tried to suppress the feeling of frustration that was bubbling inside her now, the depressing thought that it's hard enough to find "the one" for normal human beings, let alone physical freaks like her. The odds just got exponentially longer. 

The conversation over at the redhead's table had dropped to a murmur. Kelly stole a quick glance, and her insides twisted into knots when she realised that they were all looking at her now, every single one. It was like school all over again, the popular kids all huddled round, whisper whisper whisper, Kelly's so fat she blah blah blah. Shit. Head down. Grab drink. Gulp. Steal another glance. Oh fuck the redhead is actually physically laughing now, looking at Kelly and joining in with their cruel insults. Time to blow this joint. Drain the glass. Peripheral vision detects movement, the redhead is stood up, walking over. Grab purse. Muscles so tense, Kelly reckons that she could reach the door with one leap. 

"Hi." 

The softness of the voice caught Kelly off-guard. She froze on the very cusp of exploding from her barstool, and after half a heartbeat, the tension just melted. Attempting to reevaluate the situation, she came to the conclusion that it would be rude to leave right now, and so she racked her brains for a suitably polite response. 

"Hi." 

It would have to do. 

"My friend said you were looking over at our table, and he thinks it was me you were looking at." 

This could still go either way. Was this the setup to some torturous gag at her expense? Should she use the old "I was just kinda staring off into space" excuse? Kelly looked up at the girl's face, she had pale skin and green eyes, and was smiling softly. There didn't seem to be any malice in her voice either. It was a pleasant voice, sweetly musical with a strong Irish accent. With one huge force of willpower, Kelly threw off the burden of her school years. 

"Yeah, he got me. Kelly." She extended her arm for a handshake, and then immediately felt slightly awkward about it, but hey it was already out there, so might as well own it. 

"Siobhan," came the reply, as a pale, slender hand moved in to accept the gesture. Kelly felt that it made her own hand look clumsy and masculine by comparison. "Can I sit here?" 

"Mmm, please do." 

"You look like you were about to leave." 

"I... kinda was... sort of... I wasn't sure if you were friendly." 

Siobhan looked a little hurt, but when she saw the panic and embarrassment break out on Kelly's face, she just threw her head back and laughed, not a cruel laugh, but a disarming laugh that soon had Kelly laughing too. 

"I'm sorry, I'm quite new to this." continued Kelly, once the merriment had subsided. 

"Oh?" Siobhan lowered her perky derriere onto the barstool next to Kelly. 

"Yeah, I'm still figuring stuff out. I've recently had a sort of... awakening." 

Kelly looked Siobhan up and down as she talked, trying to be as discreet as possible. She really was a sensation to look at, her silky red dress clung to her body and advertised everything, from the curve of her breasts down to her slender waist and rounded buttocks. Sat up on the barstool, the slit up the side of the dress revealed long, toned legs which tapered down to dainty feet in matching red shoes, with toenails painted in the same shade. Kelly imagined having a body like that, a body that could make any clothes look good, instead of having to try on dozens of outfits before she found something that suited. Her and Gemma used to call such outfits their "sexy disguises" because they hid all the imperfections so well, and they so often ended up being just a fairly plain black top and skirt, like she was wearing tonight. That said, she was far happier with her cleavage than she used to be, and loved to flaunt it. 

"Do you want to talk about it? Your awakening, I mean." 

"Maybe. There's some stuff in there that is hard to talk about. I sometimes wonder whether I'll ever find anyone I can talk to it about." 

"Oh, babe, everyone feels like that, but in truth, there are probably a million people out there who have been through the exact same thing as you." 

At this, it was Kelly's turn to laugh out loud, but Siobhan didn't join in. 

"Sorry, that wasn't mean to sound dismissive. But trust me, I'm not exaggerating, my situation is unique." 

Siobhan thought for a while, then her smile returned. 

"Okay, well I can accept that you have to wait until it's comfortable for you. In the meantime, let's get something to drink." 

Kelly stared down at her empty glass, and flushed with embarrassment before pushing it away from her. 

"Yes, let's." 

* * * 

The two girls sat and drinked and talked for a while, gradually learning more about each other. They were shocked by how similar their tastes were, in music, film, books, food - the list went on and on. Siobhan didn't talk much about her career, but what she did say left Kelly feeling a little daunted by her successes in life, her years of university followed by a start in a career as some sort of financial contractor. But the subject swiftly moved on, and they talked about their friends and families and found common ground once more. Kelly asked about Siobhan about the friends that she was out with tonight, and Siobhan admitted that she'd only just met them this evening. 

"Do your parents know you're a lesbian?" asked Siobhan quite suddenly. 

"I... no. I didn't even know that I was one myself until recently. And I think I'm more bisexual. What about you?" 

"My parents? Yeah, they know." 

"No, I didn't mean that." 

"Oh, that. Well, I..." 

There was a pause, while Siobhan stared into her drink. She looked up at Kelly, her eyes seemingly asking exactly how far along their friendship was now. 

"Go on, you can tell me." Kelly implored. 

"And then will you tell me your secret?" 

"Maybe." 

"Okay, here goes. For the most part, I'd say I'm a lesbian, through and through. Men do nothing for me - I don't like the way they approach sex, and their bodies do nothing for me. Except for one part of them." Siobhan raised her eyebrows suggestively. 

"Their dicks." interrupted Kelly with a smile. 

"Exactly. What can I say, I still sometimes want a living, hard cock inside me. And... and I want their cum. In me. And on me." 

"Soooo, what you're saying is... your ideal partner would be a shemale." 

"Yes. No. They always have guys faces, and guys hands, and that turns me off. It doesn't feel genuinely feminine, does that make sense? And anyway, given the choice between a dick and a pussy, I'd still prefer the latter. Besides, I've watched those videos, they've usually got these tiny little dicks that don't get erect, and fake tits as well. It's just not sexy." 

"Okay, but someone who's completely and unarguably a woman, but with a dick - one that works properly, I mean - as well as a pussy... what about that?" 

"Stop it, you're making me wet." 

Kelly looked down into her drink, trying to hide the huge smile creeping across her face. 

"So, are you ready to tell me your secret yet?" 

Kelly kept her head down, but even when someone is looking down, you can still tell from their cheekbones if they're smiling, and Siobhan wasn't unobservant. 

"No. Fucking. Way." 

Kelly looked up, and their eyes locked for a second. Then Siobhan leaned forward out, locked her lips against Kelly's, and kissed her - a long, intense kiss that was full of passion, and both girls' eyes sparkled as they finally pulled apart. 

"Your place or mine?" purred Siobhan. 

"Wait, wait. Before we go anywhere, you have to know that there's something strange about it." 

"Strange? How so?" 

"I can't talk about it here. But it's weird. It scared me at first, but I got used to it." 

"I'll try to stay open-minded. Let's go." 

* * * 

They took a taxi back to Kelly's flat. Kelly imagined that Siobhan probably lived in some incredibly posh apartment with a spectacular view, and hoped that she wouldn't be too disappointed by Kelly's humble accommodation. In the taxi, the two girls were all over each other, kissing and stroking each others bodies through their clothes. Siobhan tried once more to get Kelly to spill the details, but Kelly looked at the back of the taxi driver's head and refused to say anything. Siobhan then tried to subtly slide her hand between Kelly's legs to see what was there, but Kelly pushed it away and whispered "not now". She knew that she hadn't been entirely honest with Siobhan, and needed to get this all straightened out before Siobhan's hands got any more bold. The journey was not long, and soon Kelly found herself walking up the stairs to her door, with Siobhan behind her murmuring little words of approval at Kelly's swaying hips. As Kelly fumbled for her key, Siobhan pressed up right behind her, cupping her hands over Kelly's breasts and nibbling at her earlobe, which didn't make the process any easier. Eventually she managed to get the door open, and the two tumbled inside. 

"So, this would be your place?" said Siobhan, looking through doorways. "Is that your room?" 

"No, that's Gemma's." 

"I thought you said she'd moved out." 

"I don't know whether she has. She's said to keep the room for her, for now." 

Kelly quickly pulled the door closed, to put a lid on that subject. 

"Can I offer you a drink?" 

"Sounds good." 

Kelly went through to the kitchen, her nerves fluttering. Fortunately she had a bottle of not-shit wine which she could open. She poured two glasses and brought them back through to the sitting room, where Siobhan was casting an eye over the CD collection. The sight of that fantastic body wrapped in its smooth scarlet covering took her breath away as if it had been the first time. The two girls stood toe to toe as they sipped the wine, watching each others chests rise and fall with their breathing. Siobhan was a bit taller than Kelly, though some of that would be down to wearing higher heels. 

"I still can't believe you're here" breathed Kelly. 

"What do you mean?" 

"Well, you're absolutely gorgeous. And I'm so... ordinary." 

"If you think you're ordinary, you're a fool. From the moment I saw you, I was... captivated. You may not believe me, but it's true. And anyway, now we're here, I think it's about time you showed me how unordinary you really are." 

Kelly felt Siobhan's left hand between her legs before she could react. There was a brief moment when the smile froze on Siobhan's face, and then it disappeared entirely. Without a word, Siobhan took a step backwards, put her glass down, and turned towards the door. 

"Wait! I've got to tell you..." 

"Save it. The thing is, you didn't need to lie to get me here. I wanted to fuck you anyway. But this... fuck you." 

"No! You can't..." Kelly spluttered. Siobhan was picking up her purse, this was a nightmare, how could things have gone from so good to so bad in a split second. Kelly was so afraid of losing this chance, that a strange calmness seemed to come over her. 

"Don't you fucking dare leave." said Kelly in a cool, measured voice. The authoritativeness of her tone froze Siobhan in her steps, but she didn't turn around. 

"Don't you dare walk out now when we're so close to something amazing. I didn't lie to you, not a single word. You're going to stay, you're going to hear me out, and you're going to be glad you did." 

Siobhan turned round at last, her expression devoid of warmth. Kelly gestured towards the sofa, and reluctantly Siobhan walked over and sat down, though she still looked ready to leave at any moment. Kelly remained standing. 

"It was a biological experiment, of a sort. The reason why you couldn't feel anything when you touched me is that it's hidden. Look, let me show you." 

Kelly unzipped her skirt and allowed it to fall to the floor. She then pulled down the front of her knickers slightly. 

"Look, do you see that?" 

Siobhan leaned forwards, inspected with apparent disinterest, and then sat back again. 

"Looks like a scar from an operation." 

"Well, it's not. My... my dick comes out from there, when I want it to." 

"Show me then. I'm sorry, but I still don't believe you. Your story sounds like so much bullshit." 

"I will, but first I need to prepare you for it. I don't want you to be surprised by this. The thing is, there's something wrong with it. It doesn't exactly look like you'd expect it to." 

"Well what does it look like?" 

"That's the thing - it changes, and I never know in advance." 

"That's fucking ridiculous." 

"I know it sounds ridiculous, but it's the truth. So I'll show it to you now, but I just wanted you to be warned. Expect... anything." 

Siobhan grunted. A small part of her secretly wondered if maybe Kelly was telling the truth, but for the most part she expected to be out that door within the next minute. 

Kelly's nervousness was off the chart. She hadn't wanted it to go this way, but she hoped that once Siobhan believed her again, they'd be able to make up for lost time. She closed her eyes, silently hoping that whatever form her cock took tonight, it would be as unembarrassing as possible, and with her breath held she clenched the muscles that would open up the crack and push her cock out. 

There was silence for a few seconds, and then Kelly heard Siobhan laugh, a laugh that was hard to interpret. With her eyes still tightly shut, Kelly asked "what does it look like?" 

"Oh my god, " laughed Siobhan, and Kelly was relieved to hear that the smile had returned to her face, "it's a cucumber." 

Kelly opened her eyes at long last and looked down at the dark green appendage that was hanging flaccidly from her crotch. 

"Yep, had that one once before." 

"I'm sorry for laughing, this is just a lot to take in." 

"On the plus side, at least now you'll agree that my story checks out." 

"Yeah, though being banged with a cucumber wasn't really what I was hoping for." 

"That's only the way it looks. Close your eyes." 

Siobhan duly did so. 

"You're right, now there's no cucumber." 

"Don't be sarcastic. Keep your eyes closed, and touch it." 

"I shall touch your cucumber." 

"Oh for fuck's sake!" shouted Kelly, and stomped off into the bathroom. 

* * * 

After a few minutes, Siobhan knocked sheepishly at the door. 

"Look, I'm sorry." 

"I know I'm a freak," sobbed Kelly, "it's all a joke to you, but this is my life. This is real to me." 

"I know, I know. I laughed because... even with your warning, it caught me by surprise. I want to try again." 

Kelly sniffed away the tears. 

"I can wear a condom if you like, that might help." 

"No, you don't have to. I'm ready for this. Come back through." 

The girls sat back down on the sofa and had a drink of wine. Siobhan moved up next to Kelly so that their legs were touching, and with her fingertips began to trace a line up Kelly's inner thigh, closer and closer to Kelly's crotch. Both girls held their breath as Siobhan's hand edged inexorably nearer, until it could come no closer, and Siobhan took Kelly's cock into her hand. 
