 Author's Note - this is the final instalment that I have planned for this series. Writing of this series stalled for a while after episode 3, because I wasn't satisfied with my original plan for episode 5. After much racking of brains, inspiration struck, and I knew how to end the series! Hurrah! 

Like the other 4 parts, my aim was for this story to be an enjoyable read whether or not you've read any of the others. However, I think that the pay-off at the end won't make full sense unless you've read them all. 

This story incorporates various fetishes of mine including tentacle sex, cum inflation, panty stuffing, exhibitionism, and maybe even some other stuff by the time I've finished writing it. 

***** 

Abi was going to change the world, but not today. She had a lot of things to take care of first. With the RIBRUNT facility now in her control, the sky was the limit. The nanobots had already proven that they could effortlessly change people's bodies and control their minds, the question was - what was she going to do with it? Should she use her powers for evil, enslave mankind, take over the world? It probably wouldn't even be that hard. No, she would resist the temptation. She would use RIBRUNT for good, develop a program that would direct the nanobots to self-replicate and spread, while reprogramming the brains of all the people they encountered to be more compassionate, more generous. Imagine a world like that. Of course, she knew that self-replicating nanobots was the stuff of science-fiction nightmares, and not something to be done lightly. 

First step was to move the hardware from its current location to her own premises. Right now, there could be a knock on the door any day, and she wouldn't be able to relax until it was safely under wraps. She'd already made a start - the equipment for building the nanobots was fairly self-contained, and had been easy to transport, but she'd need to be a lot more familiar with the transmission units before she risked taking them apart, lest she be unable to rebuild them at the other end. 

To kill two birds with one stone, she had decided to use RIBRUNT to repay some old favours. She'd be able to gain familiarity with the system at the same time as giving something back to a guy who'd saved her ass more than once in the past. She was reluctant to tell anyone about RIBRUNT, but her and Sota knew so much about the skeletons in each others closets that she knew they'd always keep each others secrets. 

At first, Sota had thought she was having a laugh at his expense, but eventually she convinced him that this was for real - she could quite literally make all of his sexual fantasies come true. 

There then followed a period of a few days where Sota sent a bunch of links to Abi - videos and drawings and computer-generated images, that outlined some of his perversions, and Abi spent those days sat in front of her computer masturbating pretty much continuously. This is all well and good, she wrote, but you'll need to find someone to fulfil the other role in this activity. Can't you do it, he asked, and she replied that no, she was going to be the director, controlling the computer, handling matters both trivial and critical as and when they arose, making sure that everything went perfectly. To do that right would require all of her attention. 

Abi heard nothing from Sota for a few days, and then an email out of the blue. I've found someone, he said, I haven't told her any details, but she's into all that stuff too. She'd be up for it. What do you think? It didn't take Abi long to dig up some dirt on the proposed participant, an American woman called Sheila - the sort of personal information that would ensure that the secret of RIBRUNT would definitely be safe with her. She gave Sota the okay, and very soon flights and hotels were being booked to bring both of them back to England. 

Just in case, Abi arranged to meet the two of them in a neutral and reasonably unpopulated location. Once they were in her car, she blindfolded them as a precaution, so they wouldn't know the exact location of the facility - not that she was planning on keeping the equipment there for much longer. As she drove, Abi checked that both parties knew what they were consenting to. She was conscious of the fact that these two people were effectively putting their lives in her hands. She had made a few changes to the RIBRUNT system's programming to guard against a fatal scenario, but she knew also that her own vigilance would be paramount. Another addition that she had made to the system was to provide a mental interface - using the nanobots in her own body, she could communicate commands to Wendy, the program interface module, non-verbally. This meant that she could respond faster, and without breaking Sota and Sheila's immersion. That was the plan, at least. 

Abi pulled into the alley where RIBRUNT was located, and killed the engine. As usual, there was no-one around, though you could hear the hustle and bustle of shoppers from the high street nearby. Carefully she guided her passengers through the non-descript door, and into the main room. 

"You can take off your blindfolds now." 

Sota and Sheila did as instructed. The room was still pitch black, except for the searing harsh light of one computer monitor. 

"Wendy, bring the lights up slowly." 

Gradually the darkness was replaced by a gloom, and soon details began to emerge. The three of them were alone in a large laboratory, with many desks around the perimeter, some of them carrying arcane computer equipment, some of them empty. The centre of the room had been cleared. 

"How are you guys feeling?" 

"Terrified," replied Sheila. "It's starting to feel real." 

Abi smiled. "Sota?" 

"I feel like I'm standing on top of a very high building." 

"Let me take your coats." 

Abi took their coats and hung them up on some pegs by the door. Sota was tall and gangly and was wearing jeans and a t-shirt with the Atari logo on it, both of them looking very well-worn. Sheila had made more of an effort - a snug leatherette halterneck dress, with an plunging neckline that exposed her cleavage. By contrast with Sota, her body would probably best be described as curvy, with ample breasts and hips, hefty thighs and a plump round belly. She was confident with her body though, unlike Sota who seemed to walk with a constant stoop. 

"If you're feeling nervous, I brought this bottle of vodka to help you relax." 

"That sounds like a good idea." replied Sheila. 

There weren't many chairs around, but Abi managed to gather three around one of the desks, and poured out two generous measures for her guests. 

"You're not joining us?" asked Sota. 

"No, need to stay sharp." 

The three of them sat and talked about the flights, how was your flight, and the hotels, how are your rooms, and the weather, yes this is normal for the north of England at this time of year, until Abi judged that they'd made a sufficient dent in the bottle. She stood up and walked over to a nearby desk. 

"Right, let's get started. Wendy, open the nanosoup box." 

A large piece of apparatus hissed open in a cloud of dry ice, revealing two perspex cylinders containing a benign-looking red syrup, and space for about a dozen more. Abi brought them over to Sota and Sheila and placed them on the desk in front of them. The two of them just stared at the small vessels. 

"Second thoughts?" asked Abi. 

Sota looked up at Abi, then back at the nanosoup. He straightened his back, and then quickly whipped a hand out, snatched up one of the drinks, and knocked it back in one. He looked at the empty container contemplatively, set it back down, and then the two of them looked at Sheila. She looked uncertaintly at the remaining measure of nanosoup for a second, and then with a broad smile she leisurely picked it up, tilted her head back slightly, and devoured the contents. 

"Let's do this." she whispered. 

"Excellent, go and stand in the middle of the room." 

The two of them went to the space indicated, and stood face to face, breathing heavily. Abi remained in her seat - she could see everything she needed to from here, though she might move around later if necessary. 

"Ready?" 

"Ready." 

"Ready." 

Abi had already planned out how this encounter was going to start. She hadn't told Sota or Sheila the details, because she wanted them to be surprised, but she was pretty certain that Sota would love it. As far as Sheila was concerned, she didn't know about her fetishes in quite the same level of detail, but that was secondary. Her job here was to repay a favour owed to Sota, and choosing the right partner was his responsibility. She had to assume that what worked for one of them would work for both. 

Abi took a deep breath, and sent the first command to Wendy. Instantly, Sota and Sheila started looking around themselves in stunned, open-mouthed silence. Abi knew what they were seeing - as far as the two of them were concerned, they were now stood in Piccadilly Circus, by the Shaftesbury Memorial Fountain, surrounded by tourists, black cabs and pigeons, hearing the noise of the crowds and the traffic, feeling the breeze on their skin. 

"Is this... real?" asked Sheila. 

"No, it can't be real." replied Sota, "No-one batted an eye when we appeared out of thin air." 

"Feels real though." 

"It does." 

When Abi had first thought of using the nanobots to provide them with the illusion of being exposed in a public place, it had also crossed her mind that she could also provide the entire encounter via the same means. It would certainly be the safest method, that was true. No need to change their bodies - they could just sit there and experience a shared hallucination from start to finish. But she'd promised Sota something real, not just a mental trip, and he'd asked her to set up a video camera so he would be able to watch again later, in the comfort of his own apartment. Had it been anyone else, Abi would have point-blank refused to have anything that might leave a trace of hard evidence, but she knew that if anyone could keep it secure, Sota could. Rather than saving it locally, the footage was being sent back to her place over an encrypted stream, which had the added benefit that Gemma could watch along in real-time. 

She now moved onto the next step, and this time the change was real, and happened simultaneously in the lab and in Sota and Sheila's perception. Sota began to transform, as Sheila stared on in steadily rising fear. He grew taller, and more muscular. His skin darkened, and hardened. His facial features began to contort, the shape of his head changed. The change only took ten seconds in total, and Sheila gaped in terror at the monstrosity that towered over her. Sota was now more than eight feet tall, and instead of skin he was now covered from head to toe in jet black scales. His face was hideous, no longer human but the head of a terrifying reptilian beast with long, sharp teeth in his snarling mouth. His clothes were in tatters - they had burst from his body and fallen to the floor as his torso and limbs had thickened with the muscular growth. His hands were changed - instead of each one having four fingers and a thumb, they had four long digits, each one tipped with a razor-sharp claw. Sheila panted and gasped - she had known that Sato would want to transform into a monster, it wasn't a surprise in that respect, but the reality of seeing this beast in front of her so soon was terrifying. Abi smiled - this was going exactly to plan. She needed to get Sheila as scared as possible, as quickly as possible. In none of Sato's videos had the poor damsel's response to the enormous monster been anything less than sheer horror, to start with at least. She sent a command to Wendy to moderate Sheila's heartrate - keep it high, but not so high that the poor woman was in danger of having a heart attack. 

"Is this... is this real?" Sheila managed to stammer. 

The huge billboards on the corner of Shaftesbury Avenue and Regent Street suddenly winked out, and were replaced with an enormous representation of Abi's face. 

"Oh yes, this is real," she said, her voice booming out from invisible speakers. "And there'll be video evidence to prove it." 

Sheila turned back to the Sota-beast that stood before her. She looked around - the crowds had noticed, but they weren't running in terror, which would be the expected reaction to the appearance of a hideous monster in the middle of one of London's busiest intersections. Instead they stood around, keeping a polite distance. A few held up their phones, and each time they snapped a picture, Sheila saw a little bubble appear over their heads, showing the photo that they had just taken, and in this way she beheld the creature from all directions. She stood, frozen to the spot in fright. 

Then, quietly at first, she could hear a sickening cracking sound. The people standing behind Sota began to take pictures furiously, and in the pictures that floated above their heads she could see that Sota's back was opening up, and from the darkness something was emerging, though it was difficult to tell what exactly. And then she could see for herself, a thick black tentacle rising up above Sota's head. But not just the one - she could see dozens of them emerging, all looming threateningly over Sota's head, ranging in thickness from fat snakes that were as thick as her wrist, to slender filaments that were barely even perceptible. They hung in the air, moving slowly in random patterns. They were not scaly like Sota's skin, but smooth and muscular. 

Sheila and Sota stared at each other for a few seconds - Sheila was panic-stricken, unable to move, while Sota just snarled. Abi watched, wondering what they were waiting for, until it suddenly struck her. She sent a small jolt of adrenaline into Sheila, which had the desired effect of inducing the terrified woman to scream, a high-pitched scream like something from a cheap horror B-movie, before turning around and trying to run away from this beast as fast as she could. 

This was exactly what Sota had wanted. Quick as a flash, four wrist-thick tentacles snapped out and wrapped themselves tightly around Sheila's wrists and ankles, lifting her off of the ground and turning her to face him. By rotating his flexible appendages around the anchor points he increased the number of coils and pulled her in simultaneously, until she was directly in front of him, cowering beneath his hideous visage, with her forearms and calves completely wrapped in his strong grasp. With that, she was totally immobilised, and would have wet herself had Abi not already taken the precaution of emptying her bladder, and the rest of her digestive system to boot. So far, everything was pretty much on-script, but as this encounter progressed, there'd be more and more need to think on the fly. 

Sota inspected his helpless captive from head to toe, and was pleased with what he saw. Abi, once again anticipating his fantasy, knew that it was time to start shifting the balance away from sheer terror to sexual lust. With another deft adjustment to the chemicals coursing through Sheila's system, she suppressed her terror just enough that the woman's innate longing to partake in this altercation could return to the fore. It was a masterful stroke, if she did say so herself. Sheila continued to struggle, but her fear was now mixed with arousal, and she could feel a stirring of desire begin to form in her body. Sota could also see the shape of her nipples stiffening inside her tight dress, and growled with approval. He was ready to continue. 

Moving her slightly away from his body, he brought his hands up so that they could both see them clearly for the first time. Abi had intended the claws to be mainly decorative, for the purposes of helping to scare Sheila at the start, but Sota clearly had other ideas. Extending one digit on his left hand, he gently touched the point of it to a space between Sheila's breasts. She whimpered as a small drop of blood welled up around the tip. Abi's pulse surged - this was the first unexpected event, and it was time for her to seriously start paying attention. 

Smoothly, Sota drew the claw downwards, slicing the dress open down the front as if it were made of warm butter. The claw also cut through to Sheila's skin, not deep, but enough to draw blood. Sheila winced with the pain, and watched as a wet red line appeared down her front. Abi responded immediately though, sending a command to the nanobots to repair the wound, a perfect fix that would not leave a scar. The dress hung off of Sheila's body, revealing the pale skin of her body and the front of her lacy blue knickers. With two more small snips across the front of her shoulders, Sota cut through the straps that supported the scrap of fabric that had once been Sheila's dress, and it fell to the floor. 

The Sota-monster looked at Sheila's near-naked body and growled with desire, his tentacles wriggling and writhing in the air above his head. His trapped victim was moaning with lust, to have had her dress cut off of her by this powerful beast was sending shivers through her body. The gathered crowds went wild with their cameras again, and Sheila looked around at pictures of herself, some showing her entire body, and some zoomed in on little details like her hard pink nipples, the red line of blood down her front, or the damp patch on the front of her knickers. 

Sota now brought a tentacle across in front of his face for Sheila to inspect more closely. It wasn't as thick as the ones that held her immobile, this one was probably just a couple of centimetres across. Sheila immediately noticed that the surface of it looked glossy, and after a second she spotted that a clear viscous fluid was flowing from a hole in the very tip, and also from smaller pores around the shaft. The smell of it was intoxicating, she could feel herself becoming dizzy as she breathed it in. Abi's face appeared on the big screen again. 

"It's an aphrodisiac, not that I think you'll need it. Have fun." 

The tentacle now slowly snaked its way down until it hovered near Sheila's crotch. Her head cleared slightly now that the overwhelming scent was no longer so close to her face. The tentacle lingered there for a second, before it moved forwards and the tip touched to the fabric of Sheila's knickers, directly on top of her pussy. 

Sheila gasped, and then a few seconds later, once the pungent fluid had soaked through the fabric and made direct contact with her skin, she felt a sudden lustful urge as the aphrodisiac finally kicked in. She felt an insatiable need in her body, and looking at all of those tentacles that waved above Sota's head, she wanted them all inside her, from the thin wiry ones to the very thickest, she wanted her cunt to be filled with them. The one that still pressed against her body started to push to and fro, spreading more and more of that thick gelatinous syrup on her, rubbing the rough fabric against her labia. She felt it push into her, trying to stretch the sodden fabric inside of her pussy, and moaned with disappointment that it wasn't able to stretch more. Every spot that was touched by the tentacle's juice bristled with arousal, and she wanted that feeling deeper. 

"Please, " she begged, closing her eyes. "I want you inside me." 

Sota's response was immediate. Sheila felt a searing pain on either side of her hips and looked down to see twin red lines betraying the beast's latest cuts. Her knickers were now a blue shred of fabric, and as Abi leapt into action to repair the incisions in Sheila's body, the tentacle pushed inside, wearing the wet garment like a sheath, and sliding in deep. Sheila wailed in delight at the mixture of sensations, the roughness of the knickers being pushed into her pussy also taking with them a trail of slimy fluid that set her on fire and went slowly deeper and deeper. When the tentacle was finally as deep as it could go, she had a moment to look around at the pictures that the surrounding bystanders were taking, the tentacle disappearing into her body with what was left of her knickers dangling from her pussy. 
