 Author's note – this is the second instalment in a series of 5. In addition to the breast expansion, futanari, lactation and cum inflation featured in the previous instalment, this story ups the weird with the addition of nipple penetration and macrophilia. More of that corrupting Japanese hentai influence.




Kelly and Gemma fell into the dark laboratory, piercing the silence with their drunken laughter. It was a miracle that they were still upright. So far tonight they'd poured enough cocktails down their necks to flatten an elephant, and had been in the process of migrating to another nightclub when Kelly's suggested shortcut led them past a mysterious-looking door that they couldn't resist the urge to investigate. Well, Kelly couldn't resist the urge. As usual, Gemma advised caution, but as usual, Kelly's sense of adventure won out.

Both girls were dressed for a night of drinking and debauchery, their bodies packed into tight tops and short skirts, both of them perched precariously on heels that would have been tricky to handle even when sober, wearing push-up bras to make their B-cup breasts look more impressive. On the whole, they were both very similar in appearance – a little shorter than average, pale skin, dark hair. Years of drinking booze, eating fast food and getting not enough exercise (except for sex) meant that neither of them were what you would describe as thin, though neither were they obese. Just a little on the plump side.

"We really should leave. We don't know what this is." slurred Gemma.

"Ssssh" replied Kelly, staggering around the tables, inspecting the various scientific equipment and idle computers. She found one with a mouse, gave it a wiggle, and the screen blinked to life.

"What are you doing? Maybe you should be not doing... what you're doing."

Kelly ignored Gemma. A user interface had appeared on the screen, prompting her to click a button to start the RIBRUNT experimental program. How could she resist? She clicked the button, and a warning popped up. It looked really important, so she ignored it and clicked continue. Another warning popped up, twice the size of the previous one. Continue.

To both of their surprise, a figure appeared beside the desk with absolutely no fanfare whatsoever. A blue, hologrammatic woman. She glowed so brightly that she illuminated the centre of the room, and she spoke.

"Good evening. I am Wendy, the program interface module. To begin the program, all subjects and controllers must ingest a single measure of the nanosoup."

On the desk, a large piece of apparatus hissed open in a cloud of dry ice, revealing a number of perspex cylinders containing a benign-looking red syrup.

"Wheeee!" trilled Kelly, "shots!"

Quick as a flash she snatched up two, passed one to Gemma, popped the lid on her own, and tipped it back. Gemma, caught up in the moment, did likewise. As the red liquid poured down her throat, she briefly came to her senses and thought to herself "why the fuck did I just do that?" Too late now, though.

After a pause, the lid closed on the syrup shots, and Wendy resumed.

"Please identify the controller."

"Me!" yelled Kelly.

"Controller identified. Awaiting instructions."

Kelly stared at Gemma. Gemma stared back. Kelly cleared her throat.

"Uh... where are we?"

"This is the RIBRUNT laboratory."

"What's RIBRUNT?"

"RIBRUNT stands for Research Into Biological Reprogramming Using Nano-Technology. It's an experimental program."

"Cooool. And you're WENDY, yeah? What does that stand for?"

"Nothing. It's just Wendy."

Kelly uttered a noncommittal noise of disappointment. Gemma took her turn to speak up.

"Nano-technology? Is that what was in those shots?"

"Indeed. Your bodies now contain a fleet of nanobots, waiting on the controller's command."

Gemma stared, open-mouthed. This was... big. This was terrifyingly big. They should leave right now.

"Give us bigger tits!" hollered Kelly, who clearly had other plans.

"Command received. Implementing changes."

In an instant, both girls felt their clothes grow uncomfortably tight as their breasts expanded a couple of cup sizes. Looking down, they gasped in amazement at the change. Their push-up bras left nowhere for their now-ample breasts to go, but up, and they spilled out of the top of their clothes luxuriously. Kelly wasted no time in relieving her discomfort by removing her top and her bra, and flinging them into a dark corner of the lab.

"Fuckin' 'ell, Gemma, look at these babies! They're gorgeous!"

Kelly cupped her hands under her breasts and gave them a small squeeze. Gemma looked on, conflicted, on the one hand impressed by the transformation, but also knowing about Kelly's capacity to get the two of them in trouble when they were drunk.

"Come on Gemma, take your top off too!"

"No, I don't think I should."

"Awwww, come on."

"No, we should really leave now."

Kelly sighed with exasperation. If Gemma wasn't going to take her top off willingly, then she'd have to force her to play along.

"Wendy, make Gemma's tits bigger again."

"Command received. Implementing changes."

Gemma screeched as her breasts grew another two cup sizes, and her clothes became even more uncomfortable. The seams on her top started to split under the pressure. Kelly watched for a few seconds to see if Gemma would take her top off now. But Gemma made no move to, and Kelly reissued the command.

"More. Make her boobs bigger."

"Implementing changes."

Gemma's breasts grew once more. The seams on her top pulled a little further apart, they were barely holding together any more.

"No, no, stop this!" Gemma protested.

"Will you take your top off?"

Gemma thought for a second. "No, come on Kelly, this is stupid, you've got to stop!"

"Wendy, again. Bigger tits for Gemma."

"Command acknowledged. Changes initiated."

Gemma yelped as her top finally yielded to the immensity of her breasts and ripped asunder. Kelly looked on proudly at her work. Gemma stood before her, her enormous breasts perched on top of a tiny-looking push-up bra, the shreds of her top draped around her shoulders. Seeing her best friend stood in front of her with this magnificent new bust stirred a strange feeling of arousal in Kelly. She'd never been attracted to her before – never really been attracted to women at all – but something was different here. Maybe it was the drink, maybe it was some side-effect of the nanobots, or maybe it was the way she'd watched Gemma's breasts grow and burst out of her clothes, at her command. But she couldn't take her eyes off of them.

"Oh Gemma, your boobs are amazing. They're bigger than your head! I just want to slide my dick between them and fuck them."

"Uh, Kelly... you don't have a dick."

Kelly looked down her body. Gemma was right – she didn't have a dick. Where had the words come from? They'd just sort of tumbled out of her mouth, unbidden.

"Wendy..." said Kelly.

Gemma stared into Kelly's eyes.

"No... that's crazy. I know what you're going to say, Kelly. Don't do it."

"Wendy, I want a dick."

"Command received. Implementing changes."

Kelly felt something shift in the front of her skirt. Reaching down, she lifted the hem at the front, revealing to Gemma the front of her exiguous thong. And indeed, out of the top poked a new growth, 6 inches long flaccid but quickly hardening.

"No, Kelly, this is mad. Stop it now."

Gemma was babbling now, protesting non-stop.

"Oh for god's sake Gemma, shut up. Wendy, can you make Gemma shut up?"

Mid-sentence, Gemma was suddenly cut off. Her mouth continued to move, but no words came out. As the realisation of this sunk in, her eyes opened wide in fear. Kelly smiled a devilish smile, and began to advance upon Gemma's mute body, her erect cock in her hand.

"That's better. Now, this is just going to get lost between those huge breasts. Wendy, make it bigger."

"Changes initiated."

Gemma froze as the erect cock pulsed and throbbed before her eyes, then suddenly grew two inches longer and proportionally thicker. She shook her head, silently mouthed "no", and made a dash for the exit. She had to cradle her huge breasts in her arms to prevent them from bouncing painfully as she ran. She stumbled and lost her balance in those awkward high heels, but continued to head for the door as fast as she could.

"Oh Gemma, that won't do. Wendy, stop her."

Against her will, Gemma froze, mid-step.

"Maybe it would be best if I controlled your body for now. Wendy, give me control of Gemma's body."

"Command acknowledged. Changes initiated."

Kelly tested her new control over Gemma's body. Awkwardly, in a somewhat robotic fashion, Gemma turned slowly round and staggered towards Kelly. She stopped just in front of her new controller, and fell heavily to her knees. Her eyes were wide and frightened, her mouth still silently mouthing "no, stop" over and over again.

"That's good. Now, let's take a look."

Kelly allowed her dick to rest in the space between Gemma's breasts. Still, it was too small.

"Wendy, I want you to make my cock grow slowly, and keep going until I say stop. That's good... good... keep going... stop!"

By the time the slow, steady growth had completed, Kelly now held in her hand a gargantuan member, definitely much bigger than any that either of the girls had ever seen in person, and probably even bigger than any than they had seen in porn. It was easily a foot long, but it was certainly true that it was a perfect fit for Gemma's colossal breasts. Kelly concentrated on manipulating Gemma's hands up to cup her breasts and squeeze them together, trapping the enormous cock between them.

"Hmmm. It's a bit dry." said Kelly, noticing a small amount of pre-cum glistening on the head. Mentally, she directed Gemma to loosen the pressure, opening up her cleavage to reveal the enormous cock again. "Wendy, we need lube. Can you change this dick so we get loads?" As a random after-thought, she added, "oh, and make it... like... fucking rainbow-coloured or something."

"Acknowledged. Changes initiated. You pervert." Wendy said with a hologramatic smile.

With that, a huge bubble of pre-cum surged up her cock and erupted from the head. Kelly was transfixed by the sight – the bubble was constantly shifting colour through the spectrum! As it ran down the length of her cock, the layer left behind was fixed in colour, causing a very odd, but strangely attractive rainbow effect. Running her hand slowly up and down the length of the shaft, she also observed how it mixed down to a delicate purple colour. She was pleased. Using her cock as a brush, she painted purple swirls in Gemma's cleavage, and then widened her canvas to draw a purple circle around each of the succulent nipples. Glancing up at Gemma's face, it was apparent that Gemma's resistance was failing. Kelly smiled a tight smile and once more turned her mind to controlling Gemma's body. Gemma was unable to prevent her hands pushing her enormous breasts together once more, and Kelly's huge cock was lost to sight again.

Kelly groaned with pleasure as she felt her cock enveloped deep in a warm, slickened embrace between Gemma's soft pale breasts. She experimented with a tiny slow thrust, and her entire body shuddered with the wonderful unfamiliar sensation of her dick sliding through Gemma's cleavage, the head peeping out of the top. She drew back and then pushed forward once more, the pleasure just as exquisite the second time.

Kelly went slowly to try and prolong the encounter, but it was no use. So aroused was she that only half a dozen slow strokes between those luxurious breasts were enough to bring her to orgasm. Her body convulsed as she felt the cum surging from within her groin and erupt from the tip of her penis into a warm cavity deep between Gemma's breasts. Four strong pulses, and the ejaculation subsided, leaving Kelly panting with delight. Mentally she instructed Gemma to release her breasts, and as they swung apart and her cock fell away she was treated to the wonderful sight of Gemma's purple-painted cleavage with a healthy deposit of white cum in the middle.

"Oh, Gem, that was so fucking good. You look... just amazing like that."

Under Kelly's control, Gemma's head turned downwards to look. She could have closed her eyes, but she didn't want to. Kelly was right. It did look good. And it hadn't felt bad either.

As Kelly's erection waned, she became aware of a new need. While she had been fucking Gemma's tits, her cock's desires had been the most prominent, but now that those requirements had been fulfilled, she could feel her pussy aching for attention. She hitched her skirt up and quickly removed her sodden knickers, throwing them aside carelessly. Looking around the room, she spied a low seat that looked comfortable, and walked over to it. She then sat herself down, facing Gemma with her legs akimbo and her skirt bunched up around her waist.

"Come here, Gemma, you're going to eat me out."

Gemma was unable to prevent herself from dropping to all fours, and slowly crawling across the floor towards Kelly. She could see Kelly's pussy behind the now-flaccid cock, glistening with wetness. It was shaved completely bald – that was the way that Kelly kept hers, Gemma preferring to maintain a tidy triangle of pubic hair, like an arrow directing guys where to stick their dicks. The thought crossed her mind that she was still in control of her mouth, and could do Kelly some serious damage with her teeth, which might be enough to bring this craziness to an end. But no, she'd probably just make Kelly angry, and who knows what sort of retaliation she'd face.

Gemma's face must have betrayed her thoughts, because Kelly stopped her just outside of snapping distance and fixed her with an intense stare.

"You're planning something, aren't you?"

Gemma mouthed "no, no."

"Yeah, you are. Wendy, might be safest if you give me control of her mouth as well."

"Changes initiated."

Gemma's eyes opened wide with fear as she felt yet more of her body become lost from her control and turned over to Kelly. Kelly, now confident that she was in no danger from her stubborn friend's protests, leaned back on her hands and allowed Gemma to resume her slow advance. Once close enough, Gemma's lower body dipped down on her elbows, her head moved into position between Kelly's legs, and extended her tongue to get to work.

After a few seconds of such attention, Kelly pounded her fist on the chair beside her in frustration.

"No, no, no! This is no good! I'm doing all the hard work! It just feels like I'm wanking. Wendy, can you help out? Like, control Gemma's body for me, or something?"

"Cunnilingus is not part of my programming, I'm afraid."

"There's loads of videos on the internet. Can't you watch one of them or something?"

A few seconds passed, then Wendy replied.

"Done."

"That was quick! Which one did you watch?"

"All of them."

"What? You're joking, surely."

"No. I have watched all the pornographic videos available on the internet at this time. Some of them were a bit... unrealistic. But based upon those that appeared to be plausible, I am satisfied that I can perform well at this task."

"Awesome, Gemma's all yours then. Go for it."

Kelly felt an enormous burden lift as the duty of directing Gemma's body no longer fell on her shoulders. And then she felt something completely different, as Gemma's tongue, under the expert control of Wendy's now-universal pornographic research, started to probe her body.

It took a few seconds for Wendy to find Kelly's favourite spots, but once Wendy had found them she was able to dance between them with perfect control. Using a combination of Gemma's lips, tongue and teeth, Wendy worked perfect magic between Kelly's legs. The experience, for Kelly, was mind-blowing. Prior encounters of this nature had been with drunken lads who had no idea what they were doing, and just wanted to get on to the next course. But Wendy seemed to know exactly when to stay in one spot and prolong the pleasure, and when to move on and bring delicious feelings elsewhere. Gemma, still locked inside a body that she had no control over, was overcome with the taste and smell of Kelly's juices, and combined with the moans of supreme pleasure that Kelly was exuding, meant that Gemma could feel her own knickers becoming damp through her arousal.

Wendy could surely have brought Kelly to orgasm very quickly, but she took her time, teasing Kelly to the very cusp before snatching that moment of bliss away. As the pleasure progressed, Kelly's arms grew unable to support her weight, and she lowered herself bodily to the seat. When Wendy finally did allow Kelly to experience that heavenly moment of ecstasy, it was superlative. Kelly felt like she was floating outside of her own body, wholly insensitive to the world around. The clouds finally cleared and she became aware of herself sweating and panting, Gemma sat back on her heels and obediently waiting for the next command. It took a while for Kelly to recover the ability to speak.

"That... was... wow... so what next?"

"Awaiting your command."

"You watched some fucking awesome porn, Wendy."

"I watched all the porn."

"Fucking hell. So, out of all the porn, what was the best?"

"I am unable to have an opinion on that matter."

"I guess not. But some of it must have stood out, surely?"

"Some content seemed particularly artificial. There was a lot of animated and computer-generated content that was remarkable for being biologically impossible."

A slow smile creeped across Kelly's face.

"Biologically impossible... but not for me, right? Not with... this?" She raised her arm and cast a sweeping gesture to take in the contents of the room.

"Indeed."

"Come on then, tell me about it! Tell me about the weird impossible porn."

"Well, for example, there is a fetish for nipple penetration."

Kelly just stared blankly. Wendy continued.

"The breasts have a hollow channel running through them, similar to a vagina. The nipple can be penetrated, by a phallus, or a tentacle, or some other object. The fetish usually incorporates lactation as well."

Kelly felt an involuntary rush of blood to her cock.

"Holy fucking shit. That's pretty far out. But I want to do it. To... her." Kelly sat forwards and gestured towards Gemma's enormous breasts. "Change her. Give her... weird nipples I can fuck."

"Command received. Changes complete."

Looking at Gemma's breasts, Kelly saw no noticeable difference. She reached out with her right hand, and placed the index finger on Gemma's left nipple. Pressing gently, her fingertip found an indentation that yielded to her touch, then opened, and parted to allow her fingertip to enter. Gemma was electrified by the sensations and being unable to respond in any way just made them even more overwhelming. Kelly's finger slid in easily – once it was buried up to the second knuckle, she stopped pushing.

The interior of Gemma's breast was warm and moist. Kelly withdrew her finger, and noticed that it brought out with it a trickle of thin, white fluid. Lifting her finger to her nose, she inhaled, and licked it. The liquid was sweet and warm, but unmistakeably milk.

All this time Kelly's cock had been hardening and was now fully erect, and once again she found herself consumed by the need to sink it somewhere warm and accommodating. Taking it in her hand, she moved it the small distance to Gemma's left breast and pressed it to the nipple. For the first time in a few minutes, Kelly looked at Gemma's face and saw something different in her eyes. The muscles around her eyes had relaxed, the look of fear was gone, replaced by... something else.

"Wendy, give Gemma back her voice. I want to talk to her."

Gemma gasped loudly as she regained control of her mouth and lungs.
