 Author's note – this is the third instalment in a planned series of 5, and serves to tie together the events from the first two. Contains breast expansion, futanari, nipple penetration, macrophilia and microphilia.




When Hannah turned up at work one Monday morning with much bigger boobs, most people had been unable to extract much information out of her. She'd deflected their questions with veiled suggestions of a sexual harrassment lawsuit, which had shut them up pretty quickly. Abi, however, was the one person at work that she considered a genuine friend, and to her she had confided the whole unbelievable story.

Which is why Abi now stood in front of a heavy wooden door in an old part of town, raising her hand to knock against the weather-beaten surface. The story that Hannah had told seemed too far-fetched to be believed, at first, but the evidence could not be denied that Hannah had somehow managed to go from being completely flat-chested to healthily-endowed over the course of a weekend, and the residents of this building were the cause.

As Abi's knocking echoed around inside, she heard footsteps approach the door. The door opened a crack and a face peered through the gap, a fairly tall, thin woman with dark hair and brilliant blue eyes.

"You are Abi?"

"I am."

"Follow me. Close the door."

The face disappeared and Abi pushed the door open and walked in. She could see the woman walking away from her – this must be Maria. As Abi followed her through the corridor and around a corner, she watched carefully for proof of Hannah's story. It was true that Maria had something large bundled up in a sarong wrapped around her waist. According to Hannah, that large something was Maria's cock, but the thing that Abi could see was far, far too large. Or, was it?

Abi followed the corridor into a room, where Maria was stood, waiting for her. She had a stern-sounding voice, with an Eastern European accent.

"Welcome. I am Maria."

"I guessed. Hannah told me about you."

"Ah yes, a satisfied customer. You wanted to grow as well?"

Maria looked Abi up and down. Whereas Hannah had been clearly flat-chested, Abi actually had a rather well-proportioned figure, and Maria wasn't sure why she would be so desperate to be endowed with larger breasts. Still, each to their own. Abi was fairly thin, which was surprising, because she spent most of her life sat in front of a computer, but for the time being her physique did not betray her lack of exercise. She wore her blonde hair tied up, black plastic-framed spectacles, and minimal makeup.

"Actually, I must admit, I came here under false pretences."

Maria's glare could have cut glass. She was not a woman who was used to being manipulated.

"Out. Now."

"Wait, wait, hear me out. Just a minute, please. Hannah told me about you, and I wanted to know more."

"I am a private person, I do not wish to talk."

"Please, don't throw me out. I find you fascinating. Ever since Hannah told me about your... body... I've been barely able to sleep. I'm itching to know."

Maria thought for a second, and then spoke. Something about Abi seemed sincere, and for once she found herself inclined to talk.

"Hannah is a good girl. If you are a friend of hers, you are probably okay too. Sit."

Maria gestured to a large leather footstool in the middle of the room, and the two of them sat down next to each other.

"A few years back, I came to this country with my boyfriend. He was a scientist, a biologist, working in an experimental field. I didn't know much about it. He was never the nicest guy, but as time went by he treated me worse and worse. But there was nowhere for me to go, I could not leave him. One day, he invited me to his laboratory. When I got there, he was drunk, and alone. He gave me a little glass of something to drink, and once I had swallowed it all he told me that it was full of little robots that could redesign the human body, right there."

Abi was stunned. This was like something out of science-fiction. Was Maria teasing her?

"I just looked at him. A part of me didn't believe it, but then another part of me knew that if he was telling the truth, then he was now capable of doing something horrid to me. I begged him to stop, I got down on my knees. He slapped me, spat at me, told me I was worthless. He told the computer to give me a dick so I could go fuck myself, and then told me to leave before he killed me. I had no choice, I left. As I ran out of the laboratory, I could feel it in my clothes, he was telling the truth."

"And was it always that big?"

"No, it was a normal size at first."

"But your cum makes things grow. Hannah never explained how that happens."

"I don't know either. It was an experimental research program, maybe something went wrong somewhere."

"Where's your boyfriend now?"

"I don't know. I never went back to him. It took me a long time to get back on my feet, and since I met Megan I've never been happier. I stay away from where we used to live. I don't want to ever see him again."

"Would you change back, if you could?"

Maria sighed and sat quietly for a short while. It wasn't something she'd really thought about.

"No, I would not. Things sometimes happen the way they do for a reason. I wouldn't change a single thing."

Maria waited for Abi's next question, but Abi merely looked at her feet. Eventually, Maria spoke again.

"So there, that's my story. Why do you want to know so badly?"

Abi steeled herself – she knew that the next question was a big one, but it had to be asked sooner or later.

"Maria, I want to go to the lab. Will you take me?"

Maria thought for a long time before answering.

"I do not know if it is even still there. But I would not go. I don't want to bump into him again. And why do you want to go, anyway?"

Abi knew that this question would come. It was hard to answer, but after hearing Maria open herself up, Abi was aware that it was only fair to do likewise.

"I... I want to change my body. Like yours. You've been honest with me, so I'll be honest with you. I'm a rich woman, but it's money that I can't spend. I'm a bit of an internet Robin Hood, but instead of stealing from the rich and giving it to the poor, I'm squirreling a heap of it away for myself. But I pretty much can't spend any of it. The money I earn in my day job, that's fine, that's legit, but it's not enough to pay for... surgery. And if I were to get my body altered, I'd want it done by a proper doctor. You see my problem?"

"I see. If you spend the tainted money on the surgery, then questions get asked."

"Exactly. So here's what we'll do. I've got my laptop in the car. You tell me everything you know about your boyfriend and the lab, and in five minutes I'll be able to tell you how things are now."

"Five minutes, eh? You think you are pretty good with computers?"

"I'm the fucking best." replied Abi.

* * *

True to her word, the first cup of tea wasn't even cold before Abi had discovered that the lab was still operational – in fact, the national grid's private database reported that just a day or two ago there had been a huge electricity draw, which terminated abruptly. Of Maria's boyfriend, the trail was clear – a year back he'd fled the country under police pursuit. Abi passed this information on to Maria, and Maria agreed that Abi's claim to be "the fucking best" was not unsubstantiated.

* * *

Abi drove through the less salubrious districts of the town centre, under Maria's guidance. Though Abi knew the precise location of the lab, Maria had assured her that it was well hidden and would have been nigh-on impossible to find by herself. Abi was a little miffed, and a part of her wanted to kick Maria out and find it by herself, just for the challenge, but she also appreciated having someone along for the ride, so she stayed quiet.

"Slow down. Reverse into this alley. Leave the car facing out. Just in case."

Maria glanced across at Abi, a flash of fear peeking through her usually calm facade. Abi nodded, and manouevred the car into position as directed. She killed the ignition, and the car was silent. Around them, they could hear the chatter of activity as the town went around its business. Maria gestured towards a non-descript looking door.

"There it is."

"It looks like... nothing."

"Like I said. Well hidden."

"Okay, let's get on with this."

* * *

The room that Abi stepped into was dimly lit, but was clearly a laboratory. As her eyes accustomed to the gloom, she started to pick out details. There had been some sort of commotion in here, a lot of equipment was upset. There was a smell, as well, a strong pungent smell that seemed familiar but she couldn't quite put her finger on. However, the most perplexing thing of all was the enormous statue of a woman reclining against the wall. It was incredibly realistic, it was about four times life size, it was naked, it had two enormous cocks sprouting side-by-side from its crotch, it was looking right at Abi, it was breathing.

"Holy fucking fuck." was Abi's assessment of the situation.

"I'm Kelly. Can you help us?" replied the giant.

"Us?"

The giant raised her gargantuan hand and gestured towards a chair, upon which sat a regular-sized girl, also naked, with her arms crossed under her breasts and her knees tucked up to her body. Abi revised her initial judgement – this girl wasn't entirely regularly sized. Either her legs were abnormally short or her torso was abnormally long, Abi couldn't quite tell which. And her breasts, while not inhumanly large, were definitely at the top end of the spectrum for what a woman would naturally be endowed with.

"This is Gemma." responded Kelly. "We came in here by accident. We were messing around and then we got... a bit stuck."

"So I see." said Abi, looking around at the computer screens displaying error messages. "Looks like you've had some sort of power failure."

"Yeah, something like that. We need help, we need to get back to normal. We can't go outside like this."

Abi lived for these sorts of challenges. She was at her happiest when confronted by an unfamiliar IT system, and the more obscure the problem, the better. She looked at Kelly, smiled, and then turned to Maria.

"This might take a little while."

"You need food and coffee?"

Abi beamed. It was as if Maria had read her mind.

* * *

While Maria was out getting provisions, Abi started to familiarise herself with the computer systems. When the power had failed, things had gotten a bit icky (that's the technical jargon), and a lot of stuff needed straightening out before she could bring everything back up cleanly. At first, she managed some stilted conversation with Kelly and Gemma, but after a little while she found herself so engrossed in the computers that she didn't even notice them speaking. She didn't notice when Maria returned, with blankets and immense quantities of fruit and vegetables (Kelly had quite an appetite, and Maria luckily knew someone who could obtain enough food to satisfy a giantess at a decent price). She didn't notice the pizza and coffee that appeared by her hand, and she didn't even notice as she consumed them on autopilot. She didn't notice when the sun went down and Maria excused herself, she didn't notice when Maria returned in the morning.

"How is it going?" asked Maria.

"Hmh?" replied the form hunched over the keyboard.

"Is it going well?"

"Uh, yeah. Actually. Nearly there. I think we're just about ready to have a crack at bringing everything back online."

Abi hit a few keys with a flourish, and every screen in the room went briefly black, before they blinked back into life and started spewing debug text. She nodded in approval, it was looking good so far. After a few minutes, the text all disappeared, to be replaced by friendly-looking graphical user interfaces. By a desk a few metres away from Abi, a blue hologramatic person popped into life.

"Good morning. I am Wendy, the program interface module. To begin the program, all subjects and controllers must ingest a single measure of the nanosoup."

On the desk, a large piece of apparatus hissed open, bathed in a cloud of dry ice, to reveal a number of perspex containers full of red syrup. Abi stood up, walked over, and picked up one of the cups. She looked at it for a second before popping the lid open and consuming the contents.

"Please identify the controller." said Wendy.

"I am the controller." replied Abi.

"Controller identified. Awaiting instructions."

"Change us back!" yelled Kelly and Gemma in unison. There was a few seconds pause.

"Why is nothing happening?" asked Gemma, a note of panic in her voice.

"Because," began Abi, "you're not the controller. I'm the controller."

"So change us back then! Give the instruction!" implored Kelly.

"Hang on, hang on." said Abi. "I can change you back, don't worry about that. The thing is, it's not very often that you walk in on a giant woman with two dicks. I'm intrigued to know what you two were up to."

"We were playing with the... thing... and then everything got... sexy." replied Kelly.

Abi's pulse quickened at the thought.

"Any chance of a quick show?"

"Come on, don't do this to us!" replied Gemma. "We've been sat here, terrified that we'd be stuck like this for ever. We just want to be normal again."

"You've got your whole lives to be normal! What about one, final, fucked-up fuck, while you still can?"

Kelly and Gemma both had to agree that Abi made a good point. The system was up and running again, Abi could turn them back, they were safe now, surely?

"We're not going to get another power fail are we?" asked Gemma.

"Nope, I've fixed that little bug. Classic buffer overflow. The kind of mistake that only a colossal twat would make." replied Abi smugly.

Now that Abi was no longer focusing on the computers, she noticed something a little odd about Gemma. In all the time that she'd been here, Gemma hadn't moved. She was still sat in the same place, still with her arms folded under her enormous breasts and her knees tucked up to her stomach.

"Is there something wrong with your arms and legs?" she asked.

"Not wrong, exactly." replied Gemma. "When Kelly was bouncing me up and down on top of her, I was kinda flailing around a bit. So she fixed my arms and legs in place. It seemed like a good idea, at the time."

Abi nodded, while desperately fighting off the mental image of Gemma flailing about on top of Kelly. There was a logic there, but it didn't add up. Kelly was enormous. For a few seconds she tried to turn things over in her mind, but couldn't make sense of it. Finally she gave up, and had to ask.

"I can't figure out how it works. Show me. Show me how you do it."

Kelly and Gemma looked to each other, waiting to see if the other had any objections. After a brief silence, Kelly wrapped her left hand around her huge cocks to hold them together, while with her right hand she effortlessly grabbed Gemma around the waist and lifted her up into the air.

Abi's curiosity was running rampant by now, and she moved around to where she could get a better view. With her new perspective, she could see something that she hadn't seen before – Gemma had two cocks as well as Kelly! Fairly normal in size, and positioned one above the other rather than side by side like Kelly's, but plain as day. Yet more evidence of the strange games that the two girls had been playing in the lab, it seemed. Maria was clearly intrigued as well, and was watching the proceedings with unwavering interest. The two of them watched as Kelly adjusted her right hand grip, allowing two free fingers to approach Gemma's pussy. Gemma moaned softly as two giant fingertips dipped inside of her and began to spread her lips. Abi's mouth hung open as she watched Gemma's pussy spread to an anatomically impossible extent. In only a few seconds, all of Abi's questions were answered, as Kelly lowered Gemma onto her cocks and began to slide her smoothly downwards.

Abi could see for herself that the two were a perfect fit. Gemma's body had been totally transformed during the girls' experiments – there were evidently no bones or organs inside her torso, just one supple vagina running the full length of her body. Her body bulged as the giantesses enormous twin cocks slid deeper and deeper inside. Abi could see as well that the reason why Gemma's torso seemed abnormally long was to fit all of Kelly's length – Kelly was able to pull Gemma all the way down before the bulges reached Gemma's shoulders.

Abi took a few seconds to remember how to breathe.

"That's... impressive. Bravo! I commend your sexual deviancy!"

She began to applaud. Maria didn't join in, but did smile wryly, which, coming from her, was equally enthusiastic praise.

"Do you want to see more?" purred Kelly.

"Yes! Yes!" whooped Abi. "I want to see everything!"

Abi watched wide-eyed as the giantess began to pull Gemma up and down on top of her like some sort of toy. Watching Gemma's body bulge and contract as the two huge cocks slid in and out of her was strangely hypnotic, like watching waves on the beach. As the sound of the two girls' pleasure reached her ears, Abi unthinkingly moved to touch herself, one hand disappearing into her jeans to play between her legs, the other roughly massaging her breast. Just as Gemma had said, her arms and legs were securely fixed in place, but as the speed of Kelly's hand began to increase, Abi noticed that Gemma's substantial breasts were starting to bounce heavily.

"That looks painful. The bouncing, I mean." Abi noted. Kelly's pace slowed slightly.

"Oh yeah, we have something for that, too. Watch this."

Kelly brought her right hand up so that she could hold her little fuck toy in both hands. She positioned a thumb over each nipple, and Gemma moaned in anticipation.

"Yes, yes, I want them in me."

"In you?" murmered Abi in incomprehension. However, she only had a second to ponder, before Kelly applied pressure with her thumbs, and Gemma's nipples opened up and swallowed them up to the knuckle. Abi yelled in delight. She'd seen something like this before, but she couldn't place it immediately. She wracked her brains before suddenly a light came on.

"Hentai!" she exclaimed. "I've seen something like that in hentai! Come on, which one of you is into that kinky shit?"

"Actually, " replied Kelly, seeing that Gemma was now way too overcome with ecstasy to speak, "Wendy did all the research. It was her suggestion."

"Wendy? The computer? Well, that's something new. Come on, don't leave Gemma hanging there. You can see that she's desperate for it."

Kelly had started stroking Gemma up and down, and now picked the pace back up again. Gemma's breasts were indeed held securely by Kelly's thumbs, and instead of bouncing up and down they now merely rippled with each thrust. Abi glanced over at Maria, who was sat down watching the show. Her enormous cock had started to stiffen and she had been forced to untie the sarong. So far Abi had only had Hannah's account to go on, but she could see that Hannah hadn't been exaggerating. It was enormous. It was still only semi-erect, but Abi could tell that it was closer in size to one of Kelly's giant cocks, than that of an average man. Abi still had one hand down her jeans, trying to sate her own rising urges.

"Oh, yes, " gasped Kelly. "I'm cumming... I'm cumming..."

Gemma wailed in delight and Abi felt her own body fluttering, as Kelly closed her eyes and welcomed her orgasm. Abi kept her eyes open, and was glad that she had, because what happened next was something that she would not want to have missed.

Kelly whipped her thumbs out of Gemma's nipples, and they were immediately pursued by torrents of thick white fluid, which poured out and splashed on Kelly's stomach. The same strange fluid was also erupting from Gemma's two cocks in much thinner jets, that arced through the air and landed between Kelly's breasts. Abi watched in awe as pulse after pulse blasted from Gemma's body and painted the giantess below her. By the time it had slowed to a halt, she thought she had figured it out.
