 Author's note -- this is my first time writing on this site, so please leave lots of feedback. This story is the consequence of my mind being gradually warped by japanese hentai, and contains scenes of futanari, lactation, breast expansion and cum inflation. It is the first in a series which I currently plan to extend to 5 instalments.

*

In a large town in the midlands of England, Hannah walked up the stone steps to the heavy wooden door and knocked three times. She had been brought to this door by the quest for a perfect body. Many would say that she was already in possession of a flawless physique, and indeed when she stood in front of the mirror she was proud of how she looked. She ate well, mostly fresh food, and went to the gym regularly, so her body was toned, with just enough fat in the desirable places to give her a feminine roundness, and just enough muscle to add a pleasing amount of definition. She knew how to dress herself, and apply makeup, to achieve an elegant and desirable result. Her straight dark hair was smooth, the tips spreading lightly on her shoulders. But when she looked at her body, she was never able to completely appreciate these positive attributes, because her eye was always drawn back to one shortcoming that she couldn't ignore. She wanted large breasts, and nature had endowed her with barely anything at all.

At the gym, every time a girl walked past with pert round breasts packed into a sports bra, Hannah couldn't resist a sly glance at her cleavage. She'd look down at her own flat chest, the sports bra more for modesty than support, and feel a great jealousy. Even most of the guys at the gym had bigger breasts than her, be they podgy middle-aged men sweating away on the treadmill, or ripped meatheads with pecs that bulged and glistened.

She'd spent a fair amount of time on the internet, window-shopping for perfect breasts. She'd seen all manner of magnificent bosoms in various sizes and colours, but for her she felt that a DD would be ideal. Of course, size was only a small factor. It was essential that they sit right on her chest, not up high like two inflatable balls underneath stretched skin, nor sagging low, but in between. They must curve smoothly away from her body, not sticking out abruptly, they must bounce gently when under the influence of external forces, and they must drop only slightly when her bra is removed. She knew that it sounded like a lot to ask, but she knew that there were women out there who had been naturally blessed this way, because she'd done her research.

She'd done research into augmentation surgery, and ruled that out. Her quest for perfection meant that only the finest surgeon would suffice, and there was no way that her budget could stretch that far. With what she had, there was too great a risk of ending up with a bust that looked like two pineapples in a pair of socks, and then she'd be worse off than when she started.

Alternative enlargement methods had also been attempted. Hannah had expected them to be a load of snake oil, and her prejudices had been confirmed. Pills, creams, and even some utterly ridiculous propositions -- everything had been a total waste of time and money. But she had never given up the search, which is why she found herself now standing before this door, hearing footsteps approach from inside. She'd seen a tiny advert in the newspaper, no flashy images, just text in one consistent size. It promised breast enlargement, totally natural, and to any size. The price was in the mere hundreds of pounds, it gave absolutely no detail as to how the process was carried out. To any sane individual it looked like a scam. Even to Hannah, it looked like a scam. But she called the number, took down the address, set a dead man's handle on her mobile phone (she was quite proud of herself for thinking of this -- the app would track her location, and unless she cancelled it within 2 hours, it would send it to her friend Abi, from the IT department at work. As soon as she was back on her home wifi connection, it would be automatically cancelled, which made it less likely that she'd forget) and walked to the given location.

It was mid-evening, and the light was beginning to dim. She was dressed in blue denim jeans, a dark grey cotton t-shirt with a light grey fitted cotton jacket over the top. Nothing flashy, but it fitted her well, and was appropriate for a dry, cool evening.

The door opened a crack, and through the gap Hannah could see the left half of a face and a slender arm. They belonged to a woman, taller than Hannah, with a slightly darker complexion, dark hair, and piercing blue eyes. Behind her, the room was very dark.

"You are Hannah?"

"Yes."

"Follow me. Close the door."

With that, the face was gone. Hannah stepped inside into the gloom. The figure was already moving away into a corridor, so Hannah quickly closed the door behind her and rushed to catch up. The woman's voice sounded severe and had an Eastern European sound -- it wasn't the same voice that she'd heard on the phone, which was bubbly and effusive.

In the corridor, the light was slightly better and she could see the woman from behind. She was very slender, wearing a short-sleeved black t-shirt. Her legs were naked, but around her waist she had some sort of silk scarf or sarong tied. She walked with a seductive sway in her hips. As she turned a corner into a room, Hannah could see that there was something tied up in the scarf, something fairly large and heavy-looking.

Inside the room Hannah looked around. It was decorated in autumnal tones, browns and reds, every bare patch of wall covered with a hanging rug or an abstract artwork. The room was lit softly, the light coming from behind bookshelves and lamps on low tables. Curtains were drawn across all the windows. There was another door leading through to what Hannah thought might be a kitchen, with a slightly worn-out looking sofa next to it, and in the centre of the room was an unfamiliar piece of furniture that looked a bit like a large footstool -- it was about 2 feet high, 5 feet square, and upholstered in dark brown leather. The tall woman was standing beside it, fixing Hannah with an intense stare.

"Welcome. I am Maria." She spoke with a very flat tone, little warmth in her voice.

"Hi."

"You have payment?"

Hannah took the money out of her pocket. She had brought no more than she needed to, and counted it out beforehand.

"On the table."

Hannah was still standing just inside the doorway. There was a chair and table next to her, upon which she put the money. Maria looked at it for a few seconds.

"Looks about right. So, to business. Show me what you have."

Hannah stared blankly for a few seconds until she figured out that Maria was wanting to see her breasts. She slowly took off her jacket and hung it over the back of the chair. Then, feeling a bit more awkward, she pulled her t-shirt off over her head and slung that on the chair as well. The room was comfortably warm, for which she was grateful. A few seconds passed, Hannah watching Maria watching Hannah. Eventually, Maria nodded, but said nothing. The silence grew and Hannah was compelled to break it.

"So, how does this work?"

"It is... unique process. I will show you something now. Do not be alarmed."

Maria moved her right hand to the right hand side of her waist, where the sarong was knotted. With her left hand, she supported the weighty object that was wrapped up in it. With one tug, the knot came undone and the sarong fell away. Hannah looked at what was resting in Maria's hand for a second before understanding struck her. Resting in Maria's hand was a large, coiled, flaccid penis. And it was attached to her body -- it was her penis. It was larger than any that Hannah had seen before in her life -- easily twice the thickness and probably twice the length as well. She thought that might be as thick as her wrist. Below it swung two very large testicles in a smooth, hairless scrotum. Eventually she managed to draw her eyes away from it and looked up at Maria's face, her mouth open with blank incomprehension.

"It is impressive, yes? It is also part of the process. My semen makes things grow. I cum on a thing, it grows. I cum on your breasts, they grow. But by itself, it is only temporary. By tomorrow, your breasts would be back to little iddy biddy... how you say in English... bee stings?"

Maria smiled at Hannah, a cruel smile. Hannah's indignation at being insulted helped her to gather her wits and make sense of what was going on here.

"Okay. So how do you make it permanent? I'm paying you for a permanent change. And, where did it come from? Were you born with it?"

"Calm down, my little angry bee. My cock, I was not born with. But I do not wish to talk about that right now. For making the change permanent, that is where Megan comes in. Megan!"

Through the other door trotted another woman, and she was a sight to behold. She was fairly short and blonde, her skin pale. She was wearing a tight, bright pink miniskirt and a tight, bright pink boob tube into which were fitted a pair of impressively large breasts. Hannah couldn't tell whether they were natural or enhanced, and wouldn't be able to until she removed that top and allowed them to fall free, but they looked outstanding. Certainly not the largest that Hannah had seen on her various research sessions on the internet, but definitely far in excess of a handful apiece. Hannah couldn't help but be a little jealous -- they were far larger than what she had in mind for her own body, but they did look like they might be fun. Megan had a huge, mischevious smile on her face.

"Megan and I discovered how to make it permanent by accident. I noticed that sometimes after fucking, my cock was larger. As it grew and grew, we tried different things and eventually worked out the exact cause. There are four steps. Are you listening?"

"Yes, I'm listening."

"Because it looks like you are staring at Megan's boobs. You must listen to this, it is very important."

Hannah turned her focus back to Maria, and Maria resumed talking.

"First, your body must be prepared by putting as much of my cum as possible into it. The more that's in you, the more likely it is to stay permanent. That's step one. Okay?"

"Okay."

"Steps two and three are to cover your chest -- the area we want to grow -- in my cum, and Megan's cum. Okay?"

"Okay."

"And the final ingredient is Megan's milk. It was only when I was drinking the milk from Megan's breasts that my cock stayed big. Without her milk, it does not work. Okay?"

"Okay." gasped Hannah. Her gaze was back on Megan's chest, looking at those beautiful soft round breasts, realising that she'd be suckling from those before the process was complete. The thought was exciting, and she felt a flutter through her body.

"Come, little bee, it is time for step one."

Hannah looked back at Maria. Maria had started to slowly caress her cock with her right hand, and as the blood flowed into it it was starting to uncurl and thicken.

"Strip. And lie down."

Hannah was suddenly nervous. The excitement that she had felt looking at Megan's breasts was now elevated to a shiver running through her body. Step one was for Maria to cum inside her, and she'd be using that enormous thing. As she peeled off her jeans and knickers, she kept glancing back to Maria's cock. It reminded her of that huge dildo that Abi once bought her as a joke birthday present. They'd both laughed about it, but when Hannah had got it home she'd tried to use it and had no success. Every now and then when she was masturbating she'd remember it and retrieve it from the back of the wardrobe, but she'd never once been able to fit it inside her, no matter how hard she tried. Maria's cock was looking bigger than that, and it was only yet semi-erect.

Hannah dropped her remaining clothes onto the chair and sat down on the edge of the large leather stool. In the corner of the room, Megan sat herself down on the worn out sofa, and got herself comfortable, watching the other two women intently. For now, she was nothing more than a spectator. Hannah's mouth suddenly felt very dry.

"If you're planning on fitting that inside me, I can tell you right now that it's not going to happen."

"Ah, funny little bee. Watch this."

Maria stroked her right hand up to the tip of her cock where the pre-cum was glistening. She drew two fingers across the wet surface and then held them up for Hannah to see. Before Hannah's eyes, those two fingers throbbed, swelled, and grew. Not a huge amount, but enough to be perceptible.

"Now lie back and watch this."

Hannah leaned back on her elbows and watched with bated breath as Maria reached down and placed her fingertips on either side of Hannah's slit. With one short movement Maria deposited a stripe of her pre-cum onto Hannah's labia, then took her hands away. Hannah couldn't believe her eyes as her labia plumped up before her eyes. Maria, as if she felt like she needed to do one more thing to convince Hannah that her claims were truthful, then reached back in, used her fingertips to part the skin around Hannah's clit, and applied some of the viscous fluid directly to the clit. Hannah shuddered under Maria's bold touch. The results were equally impressive, Hannah's clit swelling and growing to twice its original size.

"You believe now, don't you?"

Hannah could only nod. Maria took a step back and Hannah's breath quickened as she saw that Maria's cock was now surely fully erect, and the size of it was incredible. It was as long as Hannah's thigh, and the shaft was nearly as thick. The head of it looked to be nearly as big as a rugby ball -- if she'd tried to wrap both her hands around it, she wasn't even sure if she'd be able to touch her fingertips together. Maria slowly lowered it until the head touched against Hannah's swollen pussy. Hannah didn't know what to think -- she'd seen the power of Maria's cum, but it was just inconceivable that that thing would fit inside of her. As she felt Maria gradually applying pressure with her cock, Hannah closed her eyes up tight and prepared herself for unbearable pain.

But there was no pain. Smoothly and wetly, she felt her body stretch, and then there was just a feeling of satisfying fullness. She opened her eyes and looked down, and could see that the head of Maria's cock had disappeared into her body easily. What's more, the surface of her flat stomach was now disturbed by a rounded bump where that enormous head was pushing out from the inside. Hannah breathed hard, it felt amazing, and the sight of that swelling on her lower belly was surprisingly arousing.

She cried out, "Oh, yes! Please, fill me! Fill me with your cum now!"

"Not yet, my eager little bee. Not for a while yet."

Maria pushed down hard, and Hannah saw, and felt, the bulge on her belly moving an inch higher up.

"We must grow you a little more first."

Hannah yelped, as Maria withdrew an inch, and then pushed again. The bulge advanced another inch. Maria moved her hands to rest on Hannah's thighs and then started up a slow rhythm, pulling her cock out until only the head remained inside Hannah's body, and then thrusting smoothly and slowly up, each time a little deeper. Hannah watched, transfixed, as the bulge oscillated back and forth, with each thrust the apogee moving further and further up her body. She felt her insides rapidly changing, her internal organs moving aside to make space as her vagina lengthened inside of her, while all the while that satisfying feeling of fullness became more and more pronounced, more and more of her body being affected by it with each push. She fell backwards onto the cool leather and rested her hands on her belly, feeling the bulge moving in waves beneath them.

As the bulge reached the top of her belly, Maria was now halfway inside her, and showing no signs of stopping. Hannah could see that below the bulge of the head there was also a long, slightly smaller bulge being created by the shaft of Maria's cock. Maria was no longer withdrawing as far as she was before, she was pulling out six or seven inches with each stroke, and going in a little deeper each time. A film of sweat was showing on her body, and she removed her hands from Hannah's thighs, and replaced them on the leather on either side of Hannah's torso.

The bulge was now gradually making its way up under Hannah's ribcage. She could now feel, with each stroke, the air being pushed out of her lungs as her chest cavity had to make way for Maria's enormous cock. Looking down, she could see that the vast majority of Maria's length was now inside her, a rounded ridge running down the centre of her body from her chest to between her legs, and she watched those last few remaining pushes, fighting for breath, until Maria finally could push no deeper, and her balls came to rest against Hannah's thighs. The head inside Hannah's body felt huge, and she wondered briefly if it was pressing on her heart.

"Now, " began Maria, the words coming out in a drawl, her accent thicker than ever, "now, my little horny, sexy, cock-loving bee..." Hannah moaned with delight. "Now let's fill you."

Maria was obviously already at the cusp of orgasm, because she gave only a few hard thrusts before her body tensed and her eyes creased shut. Hannah felt the huge cock throb inside her as the first jet of cum exploded inside her. Instantly she felt a very odd and unexpected feeling of slight bloatedness.

The cock pulsed again and again and Hannah could feel it along the length of almost her entire body. She noticed that with each pulse, Maria was slowly withdrawing an inch at a time. Hannah looked down at her own body again, and realised that though Maria was clearly withdrawing, the bulge was still there. Hannah's hands were still rested on her lower belly, so she moved them upwards to check that she wasn't seeing things. She could feel the head of Maria's cock at the top of her belly, gradually retreating, but above that there was still another bulge. She touched it and it felt different -- softer, more... liquid.

With that, she realised that she had vastly underestimated how much cum Maria was planning on filling her with. With each squirt of cum, Maria was withdrawing her cock only enough to make space for the next load. Hannah had no idea where these quantities were coming from, but they were definitely there. She also realised that Maria wasn't so much deliberately withdrawing her cock, so much as having it be forced out by the accumulating pressure of liquid within Hannah's body.

Soon, Maria's orgasm subsided, and she allowed her cock to slide out the remaining few inches until once again only the head was inside Hannah's body.

"Does it feel good, my little bee?"

Hannah nodded, she knew she was far from being capable to word a coherent sentence.

"Good, good. Now, when I remove myself from you, you must try very hard to stop everything from flowing out. The more you can keep in there, the better. You'll probably need to use your hands. Ready?"

Hannah moved her hands back down and placed them at the tops of her thighs. She took a breath, and nodded.

Maria then pulled the head of her cock out and moved it away. Hannah quickly moved her hands between her legs while trying to clench her muscles as much as possible. When her hands reached her pussy, she was startled by how unfamiliar it felt. A combination of the weird growth effects of Maria's cum, and the fucking that she'd received by that enormous cock, meant that it was vastly changed from how it usually was. Her pussy lips were enormous and swollen, and incredibly soft and stretchy. As she try to position her hands to keep the fluids inside her, she felt as though if she pushed too hard, her pussy could easily just open wide and allow both her hands to sink inside. Despite all her efforts, Maria's enormous load of cum was seeping out between her fingers.
