 Summary:

Evil he was. Darkness incarnate. The harbinger of the end. But even he had the capacity to love.

Claimer: This is a work of fiction. Any resemblances to persons alive or dead are purely coincidental. These authors hold exclusive rights to this work and unauthorized reproduction is strictly prohibited.

Warnings: Explicit descriptions of sex, strong language, involves beings of Hell.

Note 1: Credit must also go to my good friend Chris for helping me develop this idea and for being the one with whom it sprang up in the first place.

Note 2: This little oneshot was the result of an RP I was doing with my friend Chris. After it was written, we decided to make a story out of it. Whether or not this exact oneshot will make it into the final version is yet to be seen. Chris helps me brainstorm and roleplays scenes I need with me, but ultimately it's me who is writing the actual story, which means I'll no doubt have to cut things here and there and all around. However, this will always stay our first, and a story in itself, even if it isn't included in the novel.

I simply needed to make this clear to explain why certain things simply aren't...well...explained. XD. Please enjoy, and if you like this, look out for Forbidden Legacy!

*

She smiled at him, and he could see the demon side of her showing in the crimson hue of her eyes. "What do you want, my little devil?"

His wings unfurled slowly, releasing him from the protective embrace he had enfolded himself in and he rose up, speaking in a very quiet and very nearly distorted voice. "To Claim you."

She shivered, but they did not call her Sirenfire for nothing. Her coal black brow arched and she began to circle him with all the purpose of a praying tigress.

"Hmmm... but what if I wish to claim you, my little devil?" Her fangs were beginning to show.

The wings flapped ever so slightly, as if he was stretching them out in defiance, but his entire body was beginning to hum in anticipation.

"Come then...see if you can bring the devil to his knees."

His fingers flexed once, then again. And he turned his head just enough so that he was looking right at her with those deep crimson orbs.

She smiled and approached, reaching for him, and he saw that her nails had lengthened into crimson claws, like drops of fresh blood at the tips of her slender fingers. Gently, for he was her devil and she did not wish to harm him anymore than it would take him to submit to her, she trailed the points of those deadly claws across the side of his neck, not drawing blood, but leaving faint red lines, marking him as hers.

"You are mine, Lucifer," she murmured as she moved forward and soothed the lines with her fiery little tongue. "Mine."

"As you are mine, little Siren." His clawed hand grasped her upper arm, but gently. He could no more hurt her than he could cut off his own arm. Gently he pulled her up against him, bowing his head down to softly kiss her lips. When he pulled from her mouth, he pressed another kiss to her lower lip, then to her neck, and then she felt it; the soft nip as he worried the vein so that it would be present. Then his teeth sank into the supple flesh, and he fed.

She moaned at the burning pain of it. He always did this to her, marked her as his own, just as she would mark him. The pain never remained long, but blossomed into mind-blowing pleasure strong enough to make her orgasm off of it without him even having to truly touch her.

Her blood flowed from her neck and into his mouth for a long, long moment. He allowed himself to savour the taste before pulling his head back. As he did so, his wings slowly folded around them both, encompassing them in a protective shell.

Siren glanced up at him pensively for a moment, before a feral smile split her features, and her little claws tangled themselves in his long ebony locks, darker even than the hatred they both held for all mortal, angel and human kind. Moving her lips to his neck, she returned the offer of their blood, sucking with relish, enjoying his soft moans as her teeth pierced him.

[What do you want from me, my little devil,] she asked him through their mind touch. [Do you want me to claim you, or would you like me to be claimed? You may be mine, but you are my saviour, and hence, my master.]

"Take my blood. Drink of me." His voice was quiet, but there was power behind it; incredible power behind his speech.

And so she drank. She revelled in the power he was allowing her. Never before had he allowed anyone, whether it be minion, slave, sidekick or loyal follower this close to him. He had taken many demonesses to bed, this she knew, but she also knew that in this act, he was pledging the rest of his life, his very soul to her; to only her. And so she was gentle, yet firm, accepting yet also giving him time to reconsider, to push her away. However, she knew if he chose the latter, he would be forced to kill her to sever the blood bond they were creating.

He tilted his head just a little bit as she drank, and he murmured a quiet encouragement before he actually spoke."You no longer bow to anyone or anything. You are my queen now and always." Gently he pulled her mouth away from his neck. "The mother of my children, my sacred lover."

Her smile could have destroyed the land of angels with its sheer demonic beauty. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply, no longer needing to wait for him to make the first move. She had always been a bold little demon, and it had ended up with her flung over her Dark Lord's knees numerous times, but in all that, she had never lost her fire. Now she was being allowed to share that fire, to rise above the minions who had always taunted her, calling her a foundling, a half-breed bastard. She would show them all. Yes she would show them. Especially Ragnar, the dark Lord's second-in-command, the demon who had attempted to have her after Lucifer had announced she was not to be touched. She wanted to deliver his punishment herself, but the more primal part of her that loved her Devil's possessiveness wanted to sit back and watch as Lucifer tore the slimy fuck to bits with his bare claws. Yes, she thought to herself, that would be very agreeable indeed.

A smile touched Lucifer's lips. He was now tied to his mate's thoughts and desires, and he knew exactly what she wanted. So he would give her that. He would give her the world. Slowly he pulled her back to arms length, then lifted a clawed hand to run it through her locks. Evil he was. Darkness incarnate. The Harbinger of the End. But even he had the capacity to love. And he loved this demoness in his arms. And because he loved her, he would not...could not resist her. When he spoke, his voice was almost a purr. "We will make the entire world know that you and I are one."

"Luci..." she breathed, using the nickname that would spell quick and violent death to any other who dared use it."I love you. With all the soul I do not have, I love you. Kiss me?"

"With pleasure." He dipped his head down and touched his mouth softly to hers, but the soft kiss quickly turned to demanding and passionate in only the space of a few moments as he slid his tongue into her mouth, twining it with her own.

She growled like the little lioness she could become at will and shoved him backward so that the backs of his knees hit the edge of the bed hard. She was only a slip of a thing, but she had always been one of his strongest demons. It is what, aside from her unnatural beauty, attracted him to her in the first place. And now that she had drunk of him, his strength was coursing through her veins, not as prominent as his; she would never be as strong as her master, but it was close.

Lucifer landed hard, and the next thing he knew, she was on him, kissing, sucking, biting and licking.

"I want to take you, my little devil," she growled as she pulled away, her usually soft voice deepening to a demoness's feral snarl. "I want you to belong to me, heart... body... mind... soul..."

His chuckle dominated the room as he rose to his elbows and gazed at her with eyes aflame with desire. Unlike his previous lovers, she had the courage to be assertive and to say that it turned him on would be an understatement.

"Come here and take it. It is yours."

When she got to him, he reached out and yanked her atop him, kissing her almost brutally while his clawed hands dug into that perfect skin, leaving deep marks and in at least two places, drawing blood.

"Come share yourself with me; make us whole." His mouth touched one of the punctures and he looked up at her. "Bear our future in your womb."

She let out a wild cry of feminine want and slid down his body. "Yes! I want your child! Give me your child! Ooohh!" She was already wet and wanting, but was foreplay in his thoughts tonight? She didn't know and she did not wish to ruin the only chance she might ever have of dominating her dark lord.

And then the reality of her situation hit her hard as she straddled him, gazing down into his dark eyes, blacker than the very abyss and glowing faintly orange with his lust.

"Luci...?" her voice had returned to that of a frightened girl, not the lusty demoness she had been only moments before. "I... I don't know what to do."

He had forgotten in all her power and beauty that she was very young and very innocent in such primal matters. Her upbringing had labelled all pleasures of the flesh as the very embodiment of sin, and he himself had allowed none other to touch her.

"I will show you." His mouth touched hers gently, Ever so gently and he rolled, placing her on her back. "And as I show you, you will learn." He then pressed a kiss to her neck, then to her collar bone, and while doing this, he dipped two fingers down between her thighs, pressing softly against her soaking core. "Mmmmm...Already wet. My beautiful mate...my dark goddess."

Siren moaned, but at the same time she felt a sudden surge of possessive jealousy. How dare anyone have her Lucifer before her! How dare he ever have shared this intimacy with just any common demon! A furious growl escaped her lips before she could bite it back. He looked at her, then he moved up and he spoke against her ear. "There is no one but you, mi'love. Will be no one but you." And so saying, he shifted between her legs and pressed his shaft against her entrance, gazing into her eyes. Some demons hadn't cared if it had hurt...or they had already lost it, but this one....this one was young, and so very precious to him. "Siren...I love you, but this may hurt."

She nodded and tensed. "I know," she said. Demon or not, she had not yet reached her 100th year, and she was not above fear yet.

He gentled her with his hands and whispered, "I will try not to make it hurt too much." As he looked at her, an idea came to mind. The Thrall. He would use that on her; at least to make it pleasurable instead of painful. His voice took on a quiet lilt, and despite the fact that he wanted her now; he kept himself in firm check.

"Siren, look at me." When he had her attention, his eyes took on a glittering, mirror-like quality, rimmed with flaming silver and imbued with a crimson light. When he saw hers glaze over, he leaned down just a little, and then pushed in, piercing her in one motion.

She felt a faint tearing and a mild sensation of discomfort, but there was not a hint of pain. She felt full, completed and enraptured. Soon, pleasure began to build inside her, frightening in its intensity, and he had done naught but sheathe himself within her.

"What is this new evil?" she whimpered as a jolt shot through her when his hips touched her clit. "Luci... stop... I'm dying!"

"Mmmmmm... but what a way to go. Don't think. Just feel." He took his time, letting her just feel, and then as if his hips were not stopping to consult his brain, he began to move within her. At first his strokes were short and controlled, at least to allow her to adapt to having him inside her for the first time, then the thrusts steadily became longer and slightly harder. Lucifer's head dropped forward a little and he let out a quiet moan of pleasure. None of his previous lovers had EVER been this tight, or had ever caused him this much pleasure.

Trusting him, Siren allowed all thought to cease. All she did was feel, and...Oh! What sensations they were! She began to pant as he moved within her, his hard hot length hitting something deep inside her with every thrust. Something that made her keen and writhe beneath him, arching up to meet him, her walls cascading into satin wetness around him so that his plunges were smooth as silk and the sound of him entering and leaving her began to fill the room. Her desire was that potent... that...that...ooohh...thought was leaving him, just as it was leaving her.

"Lift your hips a little, my lover." His voice was husky from the pleasure, and it being husky made it deeper. "I promise it will feel even better." She was like hot oiled satin surrounding his shaft, squeezing him in just the right places to cause flashes of euphoria to go off within his mind and body as she wriggled and writhed beneath him.

Siren moaned and did as he had commanded her, lifting her hips up and...Oh oh oh! Her eyes, black with passion and not crimson with possessive fire widened and her mouth opened in a little O of shocked pleasure. He couldn't help but chuckle huskily; she looked so young at that moment.

Her mouth snapped shut with a little pop and she pouted fetchingly.

"Making fun of me." It was a sullen statement, not a question.

"Such a beautiful little demon. So hot;" he pushed into her slowly; "So wanton..." As his shaft brushed against her clit from within, he gently dragged the tip of his nail over that burning dot. "And all mine."

She keened and wriggled her hips against him. "Please...please...more...!"

He began to pump harder, then pressed his finger to that silken button as he thrust into her again, this time completely filling her up. "With Pleasure," he growled, beginning to pant.

Then, it happened. It was as though she were rushing toward something truly vast, something truly up high. As a demon of the underworld, this feeling of being so high made her whimper in terror even as she sped toward the pinnacle of this vast emotion. Were they finally coming for her? Had the angels finally discovered her betrayal? What was happening to her? And why wasn't Lucifer saving her?!

He could tell what was happening and he looked to her. Looked right into her eyes. "Don't be afraid. Just feel. Don't think."

Her eyes flew open as white light began to pulsate behind the lids and he saw that they were a crystal blue, the colour they always turned when she was scared, though he had never seen them this clear before. She was truly petrified.

"I don't want to feel this!" she shrieked, "I'm dying! No!" She whimpered and tried to struggle, though her movements were doing nothing but turning him on even more and furthering her terror as the pleasure within her spiked higher and higher, ready to fling her over the edge of this new and unknown feeling.

"Siren. Just feel. It's your body. It's all in your body." His arms wrapped tightly about her and he held her protectively close to him as he rocked into her again and again. "It is something those fools up there never allowed you to feel." His voice was as soothing as it was sensuous. "They never let you feel this because it was forbidden. Now it is ours. Yours and mine."

Her head fell back against the pillows, dark hair spilling over red satin, eyes shut tightly, lips parted, panting. She was glistening with sweat, her skin flushed, neck marked, hips never losing the frantic rhythm he was setting. She was going to tumble over this new edge and she knew now that it was safe to... but who would catch her on the bottom? And would it hurt to fall?

He was so close to falling himself; so very close to careening over that precipice, but he was also watching her, watching her every single reaction to what she was feeling, and seeing the surprised and stunned pleasure on her face lit him ablaze, causing a sensation of warmth to flood him from within. This was his doing. All his very own doing.

"Yes...that's it. Let it take you over, mi'love...let the pleasure wash through you."

And she did. It crashed over her in a wave of magnificent sensation, seeming to lift her off the very foundations of all she held dear and stable. With a wild, keening kittenish howl she exploded, fire flashing around both of them, her walls clenching around him, becoming sodden as more and more wetness cascaded from her.

"Yes! Yes!" she was near incoherent with pleasure. "Cum inside me! Fill me! GIVE ME YOUR CHILD!"

He let out a deep roar, one that could be heard from even the lower areas of hell as he exploded, thrusting hard and fast as his dark seed gushed into her tender womb. "MINE!!! MY OWN!!!" His teeth sank into her neck yet again, claiming her as the torrent of his orgasm took over.

"Yes! Oh Oh Aaahhh!" her shrieks were the song of her surrender, and they resonated through his entire being. "Yours! ALWAYS YOURS!" Her teeth sank into his neck just as his latched onto hers, and once more they drank of each other as their climaxes peaked and their souls fused into one.

The ritual was complete. She was his forever now.