 Hours later, Mitch lay awake in the depths of the night, his mind running over the events of the day again and again. What had happened here? Lady Elizabeth must have lusted after him ever since he turned her down. Apparently, she'd been so obsessed that she'd created an effigy of him with which she was living out her lewd sexual fantasies. How could she do such a thing? The whole thing made him feel angry and used and humiliated. It seemed an awful lot of trouble to go to but then again he supposed she didn't lack for money. 

Did her PA also know about this? Was that why she was behaving so strangely? And now he knew about it, what was he to do? Call the police? Had any laws actually been broken? He eventually fell into a troubled sleep with more questions than answers running through his head.

The next morning he woke up early with the beginnings of a plan. He carefully thought through the details as he lay in the half-light, going over them again and again. As his old sergeant used to say: "fail to prepare and you prepare to fail".

He knew that manufacturers monitored their replicants and the Tyrell Corporation might wonder why Her Ladyship's butler had been in administrator mode for over twenty-four hours now, as it was only generally used for servicing. He knew he didn't have time to fool around so he got up and sprung into action. 

A small, saucer-sized vacuum-bot scurried around his feet cleaning up hair as he trimmed his chest and pubic region with a pair of clippers. He kept comparing his mirror image with the photo's of the butler on his mobile. Satisfied that he'd trimmed his hair to the same level of sparseness he put the clippers away and showered.

He made a cup of coffee then phoned in sick to the office; he felt bad about doing that but having the whole day off was a crucial part of his plan. He knew his next job was going to be a bit trickier. He returned to the bathroom with a black felt-tip pen and a small shaving mirror. On his mobile, he carefully examined the close-up image of the bar-code on the butler's neck. Slowly he began to copy the design with light, tentative strokes at first, then inking the design in more firmly as he gained confidence. He kept referring back to the phone image until he was satisfied. He was pretty pleased with the result: it wasn't identical but you wouldn't notice the difference unless you looked very closely. Comparing his image in the mirror to the images on the phone he reckoned he was pretty much identical to the butler now.

Mitch whistled to himself cheerfully as he rolled up the gravel drive in the early afternoon sunshine. He was relieved to find the butler still in administrator mode and had him show him around the house as he tried to memorise the layout. The front door led into a large wood-panelled hall with a sweeping stone staircase. It had doors leading to a dining room, sitting room and kitchen. Beyond the large kitchen was a cellar, utilities room and a small bathroom. Although it was obviously an old house it had been extensively modernised. 

He guessed that it had taken a very expensive interior designer to blend the modern and the old in such a tasteful way. In the sitting room, he made a mental note of the large oak table and solid oak beams supporting the first floor. He ordered the butler to help him plant a small HD camera in the corner on top of one of the beams.

Upstairs there were three large, airy bedrooms, a bathroom, a smart home office and a small library. He recognised the master bedroom with its en-suite bathroom from the night before and paused for a moment reflecting on the events that had brought him there. His plan was to impersonate the android and see exactly how badly she was behaving first-hand. Then at some point, he was planning to reveal his true identity by summoning the butler and then confront her about her actions. Hopefully it would be enough to persuade her to change her ways. But if she didn't agree, there was always the police...

"OK, I'm off now, I'll see you tomorrow," Marnie said, sticking her head round the door of Elizabeth's office. 

"Are you doing anything tonight?" said Her Ladyship, leaning back in her chair and looking up. 

"No, not really, why?" 

"Well I thought you might like to come 'round and see my new toy," Elizabeth said, smiling. 

"Oh, you mean your new help? I'd love to. I mean I've seen the photo's but I'd love to see exactly what he's like in the flesh, so to speak." 

"OK, well, do you want to come by after dinner, about eight thirty?" 

"Eight thirty it is, can't wait," Marnie replied, showing her white teeth as she smiled.

While he waited, Mitch anxiously paced around the house planning exactly how he wanted the evening to play out. At around seven o'clock he heard the sound of tyres crunching on the gravel drive, and made his way through the kitchen towards the cellar behind the kitchen. "Showtime" he mumbled to himself as he walked down the cellar steps. He heard the front door open then Lady Elizabeth's heels on the hallway's wooden floor. 

"Run a bath for me then I'll have my dinner in the sitting room," he heard her shout. 

Mitch waited patiently, sitting on the cellar steps and staring at the fading sunlight out of a small window while listening to the water rumble in the pipes and the butler peeling vegetables in the kitchen. Outside, the shadows of the trees on the lawn slowly lengthened, and the grass turned from lime green to olive green as evening slowly turned to dusk. As he listened to the butler serving dinner then loading up the dishwasher, dusk turned to night and the outside lights came on.

He was just wondering whether he should make his move when he heard another car coming up the drive. He closed his eyes and listened intently: the car door opening then slamming closed, footsteps on the gravel then Lady Elizabeth's heels on the wooden floor. 

Then voices: "Marnie, do come in."

"Great, hey thanks again for inviting me."

Thoughts raced through his head. Why was Marnie here? Did they suspect something? This wasn't in his plan. Should he call the whole thing off? He could just wait here until the middle of the night and sneak out. Or maybe he could risk climbing out of the window now. 

No, he had a feeling Marnie knew something and this was a chance to find out the full truth. He just had to make sure he seized the initiative and acted quickly when the time came. First though, he wanted to find out how they were treating "Mitch version 2". He waited until the women were settled in the sitting room with a couple of glasses of wine. When the butler returned, he led him down to the cellar and quickly swapped clothes. He instructed the butler to remain down there then skipped up the steps to the mirror in the hallway. He'd just finished straightening his black jacket when he heard Her Ladyship's voice: "Mitch can you bring in the rest of that bottle of wine?"

Mitch knew that this was the most dangerous moment. If they recognised him as the real deal he'd have a lot of explaining to do. His hands shook as he put the zinfandel in an ice bucket and held his breath as he carried it into the sitting room. Surely they'd notice the difference?

Marnie clapped her hands together and giggled as he put the ice bucket on the coffee table. "I just can't get over how lifelike he is!" she said excitedly. 

"Hey, he ought to be lifelike for the amount of money I paid," Elizabeth said drily, holding out her glass. Mitch poured some wine for her trying not to shake too much as the adrenaline coursed through him. 

"So who did the work?" her PA asked, holding out her glass as well. 

"A little company that specialises in customisation. My late husband bought enough shares to get a seat on the board, so they didn't ask too many questions." 

"Well they sure did a great job," Marnie said, sipping her wine. 

"I tell you Marnie he's worth every cent," Elizabeth replied.

Mitch stood patiently while they talked, his mind processing the new information. What would her butler do now? Should he wait indefinitely, or go back to the kitchen? 

"Is there anything else, ma'am?" he prompted when there was a break in the conversation. 

"Just wait there, we may need some more wine in a minute," Elizabeth ordered.

"So you think he's as good as the real thing?" Marnie asked, smiling. 

"Oh, he's much better than the real thing. He's obedient, he's a great cook, he does all the cleaning, I tell you he's the perfect man in every way." 

"In every way?" Marnie asked, smiling wickedly and arching an eyebrow.

"Oh yes, in every way" Elizabeth confirmed. 

"I mean I don't want to pry but..." Marnie said leaning forward, her grey eyes sparkling mischievously. Elizabeth sipped her wine and smiled indulgently.

"Imagine a man, who always wants you, never has a problem getting it up and has more strength and stamina than any man you know. Someone who'll make love all night, putting your needs before his, then the next morning he'll cook you eggs Benedict for breakfast." 

"Wow!" said Marnie, her hand over her open mouth. 

"Plus you don't have to fiddle around with condoms because there's no chance of getting pregnant or getting an STD." 

"Gosh Elizabeth, you lucky girl! So he's just like a real man in the bedroom?" 

"Exactly the same. In fact, everything's exactly the same except he's never too drunk to get it up, he's never away on business..." said Elizabeth counting the advantages on her fingers. 

"Sounds perfect although I guess he's not much for conversation," Marnie said, finishing her wine.

"Well if I want a conversation I can always call a friend. I don't need conversation at the end of a long hard day at the office, I just need a hot meal and a little fun between the sheets." 

"So, uh, he's good between the sheets?" Marnie asked, leaning even closer her cheeks reddening a little. 

Elizabeth leant back and smiled a very contented smile. 

"Oh yes, imagine: a man who'll do whatever you 

want and can keep it up all night."

Marnie crossed her legs as she felt a warm tingle spreading between her thighs. She had a sudden mental image of herself thrashing about joyfully, legs akimbo, enjoying climax after climax as the android pleasured her with his tireless tongue and ever-ready prick.

"Really! Oh my God! Well you're just going to have to give me a pay rise so I can get a synthetic replacement for that useless boyfriend of mine!" Marnie exclaimed.

They both collapsed in fits of giggles as Mitch emptied the wine bottle into their glasses.

"So how did they get him to look so like Mitch?" Marnie asked, swirling the wine around her glass.

"Oh that's easy. It turns out Mitch goes swimming twice a week so I just had a private investigator follow him and take some photo's. They mainly worked from those plus I had his weight and height and so on from the personnel files," Elizabeth smiled at her with a wicked gleam in her eye. "So do you want to inspect the quality of the work?" 

"Can I? Do you mind?" Marnie smiled. Lady Elizabeth turned and looked up at him.

"Take off your jacket and shirt, Mitch," she ordered.

Mitch was still wondering how a private dick had managed to follow him without him noticing and only just caught what she said. He quickly realised he was trapped. He could reveal his true identity at this point but he was learning so much about what had happened. He decided to carry on with the pretence for the time being and reluctantly slipped off the black jacket and hung it over the back of a chair. The two ladies leaned back and sipped their wine as he unbuttoned his shirt. Mitch could feel their eyes burning into him as he undressed. 

"What do you think?" Elizabeth purred as he draped his shirt over his jacket.

"Mmm, very nice," said Marnie, taking in the lean, muscular hardness of his chest. Mitch was proud of the fact that he kept his body in the same shape as when he was in the army. He went swimming at least twice a week and that had resulted in a trim stomach and nicely defined pectorals. 

"You want to see the rest?" 

"No!" thought Mitch. 

"Well I guess it would be rude not to," giggled the young woman. 

"Mitch, take off your trousers," ordered Elizabeth. 

Mitch reluctantly stripped off his shoes and socks then placed his black uniform trousers over the back of the chair with the other clothes, all the time hoping that that might change their minds. 

"There, now isn't that something?" Elizabeth said contentedly. 

"I just can't believe how human he looks!" exclaimed Marnie. "Can I touch him?" 

"Sure, come here Mitch" Elizabeth ordered, the voice of a woman who was used to being obeyed, and like a well-behaved dog Mitch felt compelled to take a step forward so that he was standing just in front of them. 

He was naked apart from his black shorts and the emotions were racing around his head. All at once he felt uncomfortable and humiliated and used and embarrassed, but also aroused and flattered as the two ladies ogled his trim body.

Marnie reached out and touched his leg.

"Ooh! He's warm!" she exclaimed snatching her hand back, her mouth open in surprise. 

"Of course he's warm," laughed Elizabeth. 

"I kind of expected him to be cold."

"Like I say he's just like a regular human."

Marnie stroked his upper leg thoughtfully as she sipped her wine.

"So does he, you know, react like a regular guy?" she said, looking up at him seductively. 

Elizabeth grinned, immediately understanding what she meant. 

"Why don't you try and find out?" she replied.

"You know if he was my servant I'd have him walk around like this all day," Marnie said, running a hand over his tight shorts. 

"I do sometimes!" Elizabeth said laughing wickedly. Mitch could feel his dick stirring as her hand explored him through the tight fabric then slipped behind and squeezed his buttocks playfully. It took all his willpower to make himself stand still as she caressed him.

"Hands on your head, Mitch," Elizabeth ordered and he reluctantly complied, feeling ever more helpless and vulnerable as Marnie ran her hand down over his stomach. 

"Oooh, what's this? Looks like he's pleased to see us!" she said, shooting him a teasing grin as her fingers encountered the prominent bulge caused by his rapidly stiffening cock. He watched powerlessly as she stroked him through the thin material her bright pink fingernails contrasting with his dark underwear. 

"Gee, I wish I came home to this every night," Marnie purred, her fingers fondling his hardness till it strained against the fabric.

Elizabeth smiled and leant back as she finished her wine. She crossed her legs, a warm tingly feeling slowly spreading through her loins. Her eyes shone with intensity as she watched the young woman toying with her 'bot. Hearing him groan as Marnie squeezed and rubbed the hard ridge in his shorts. 

"God, he feels so much bigger than my boyfriend. You are a lucky girl!" she exclaimed, smiling as she ran her fingers up and down the impressive length and noted the small wet patch forming in the dark material. 

"Very lucky," agreed Elizabeth suddenly feeling very warm and light-headed. She squeezed her thighs together tightly as she watched the girl's slim fingers tracing the shape of his thick cock. Marnie put her wine glass down and started tugging at the waistband of his shorts. 

"You know I think I'll need to see all of him if I'm to judge him properly," she said biting her lip.

Mitch's mind raced as her mischievous fingers 

started to tug playfully at the waistband of his tight shorts. He'd come here to humiliate Elizabeth and now the tables had been thoroughly turned. As much as he was enjoying Marnie's hands slowly fondling and stroking him he knew he had to do something to get control of the situation before it got any further away from him. 

"Perhaps I should get another bottle of wine before we continue, madam," he suggested hopefully, trying to keep his voice even. 

Marnie looked at Elizabeth, who paused then said "Yes, let's have a bottle of that sauvignon blanc before the grand unveiling."

Mitch heaved a sigh of relief as he escaped Marnie's wicked fingers. He scurried back to the kitchen and quickly found the android Mitch still dressed in his clothes as he waited patiently in the cellar. He gave him his instructions while he stuffed a small kitchen knife into the android's sock. 

"Excuse me madam, I think this wine might be off, do you mind having a look?" he called out as he returned to the kitchen. 

"It can't be off we only got it a couple of weeks ago," Elizabeth said petulantly as she strode into the kitchen. She didn't see the butler hiding just inside the door. He grabbed her from behind, clamping his hand over her mouth. With military efficiency, they gagged and handcuffed her.

Marnie sat patiently in her chair and finished her wine. The feel of the android's hardness and the thought of seeing him naked had left her feeling horny as hell, and she couldn't resist running a finger down over her top to where her nipple pressed against the pink material. Was that the sound of scuffling coming from the kitchen? 

"Everything OK in there?" shouted Marnie anxiously, wondering what was keeping Elizabeth. 

"Her ladyship is just having a look for another bottle in the cellar, ma'am," Mitch said as he walked back in, still clad only in his shorts. 

"What's going on?" Marnie asked, eying him suspiciously and sensing something was wrong. She failed to see the butler sneak up behind her. 

"No, stop! Elizabeth!" she shouted as he quickly tugged her arms together in front of her and handcuffed them. 

"What's going on?" she shouted, watching as Elizabeth was led back into the room. 

"Elizabeth, what's happening?" she squealed, panicking and struggling against the handcuffs. 

"Quiet!" ordered Mitch. "Or we'll gag you too." 

"Wait a minute, what kind of replicant are you?" she said. 

"Haven't you guessed yet?" he said, grinning as the butler placed Elizabeth in a chair then stood next to him. 

"Wait a minute... so he's the replicant? So you're not a replicant, you're... you're the real Mitch!" she said, her face a perfect picture of surprise and shock. 

"That's right," he confirmed. 

"So I was stroking your... thing," she continued her hands shooting up to cover her mouth as it opened wide. "And that's why it felt so real!"

Mitch smiled and nodded.

While Marnie recovered from the shock and Her Ladyship struggled furiously against her 'cuffs he took a moment to check everything was as it should be. It had been a warm evening and the girls were dressed in summery outfits: Marnie in a floral skirt and a pink halter-top, anxiously testing the strength of her handcuffs, and Lady Elizabeth struggling against her bonds in her expensive-looking navy blue linen trousers and a tasteful white blouse. 

Elizabeth's face was set in stormy mixture of shock and indignation as he turned to her. 

"Surprise!" he said as he unfastened the gag. 

"You!" she shouted at the robot. "Seize him!" 

"Sorry, Your Ladyship but he's taking his orders from me now," Mitch said smiling. 

"Let me go this instant!" she shrieked. "I order you to release me!" 

"Order me huh?" he said coolly. 

"Yes, let me go now and stop being silly and I promise I won't press charges." 

"Press charges? Do you really think calling the police is wise?" 

"What do you mean?" she snapped. 

"Well let's go over the facts here: you created an android copy of me without my permission then used it to perform lewd sexual acts. Even if the police aren't interested, I know a few tabloid journalists who'd pay a lot of money for that little story, Lady Greenham." 

"You wouldn't dare. You know you'd lose your precious job. Besides, where's your proof?" 
