 He was laying in bed with someone that he couldn't figure out who it was. His mind was still drowsy and tired from the ceremony he just had with Zulara. He remembered returning to his bed to sleep. His eyes slowly opened and he was spooning his wife Rachael. It had to be her; he would recognize her dirty blonde hair anywhere. He looked around and remembered the place he was now in. The penthouse suite in Miami they stayed at during their honeymoon. The light was just starting to peak its way through the opened blinds.

"Hmm, sleep well my love?" She asked rolling over to face him. He was in complete shock Rachael was still alive! Just staring at her brought back so many warm feelings. The smell of her, the taste of her lips, the way she made him feel everyday when he woke up to her smiling face.

"Louis what's wrong?" she said as she brought up a hand and left it rest on the side of his face. Suddenly he came to the realization that this was a dream. But it wasn't like any dream he had ever had before. This felt too real.

"Nothing, I was just...I just didn't notice you were awake yet." He remarked thinking of something to say. There were so many things he wanted to tell her. How much he loved her, how much he misses her every second of every day. How his life isn't complete without her. But the best he could come up with was rushed and not thought out. He didn't know where to start. He was also feeling guilty about the night he just had with Zulara, feeling as though he just betrayed his wife.

"Don't worry I know how much I and the kids meant to you but you have to move on and open up to new people, even if she is from another planet, I want you to be happy. The children would want you to be happy also." She spoke as if she read his thoughts.  

"You know about Zulara?" He asked getting up onto his elbows.

"Of course I do honey! I think she is very attractive and she seems to like you a lot, plus she has the boobs on her that always drove you crazy." She teased with a giggle. "This is a dream darling, some part of you must need me to give my approval of this. That is why I came to you. You deserve happiness because you are the most loyal, noble, hard working man I had ever known. Just make her see in you what I saw when I fell in love with you. You haven't closed off your heart to love have you?" 

Louis lips turned into a bright beaming smile. Even if this was just part of his subconscious, the words she spoke would have been exactly what the real Rachael would have told him, she always knew what to say.

"I love you and I don't want to wake up." Louis trembled out as tears filled his eyes. They embraced each other in a passionate kiss and held one another until the dream started to slowly fade.

Louis quickly rose up on his hands in his own bed, shirtless and in a cold sweat. He was in his own bed back on the farm as the suns vibrant colors where just coming into view over the horizon making way for dawn. He rolled out of his sheets and sat on the edge of his bed with his hands on his head thinking back to the dream of his late wife. It was like he just watched a movie of himself having a dream, images still fresh as if they just happened. Getting to his feet he found some suitable clothes for the work day, even though he agreed to father Zulara's child he still had a farm to run as he explained to her before entering into their arrangement, she accepted explaining that she wanted to see every part of his life so she could explain to their daughter one day about who her father was. 

After freshening up and a quick shower his stomached growled beckoning him to find food to satisfy its essential need. The need was answered by way of him opening the door, his nostril catching wind of bacon being prepared and coffee being made with the aroma leading him to the kitchen. Arriving he was greeted to PEDi stationed at the stove working on the food it was assembling. 

"Good morning Louis, did you sleep well?" It asked in the same feminine monotone robotic voice without turning to face him. 

"Yeah I slept alright. You are making food for me or Zulara?" He questioned it after he noticed there was only one egg and strip of bacon. 

"This is for you, Zulara has her own food. If you are wondering about why such small portions it is because with you undertaking the nurturing later today you will need very little food. I have studied you and am preparing the food how you like it, scrambled egg and bacon is your breakfast meal eighty-one point three repeating percent of the time in the mornings." It remarked with a slight turn of its head in his direction, noticing he was now taking a seat at the table.

"Thanks but you didn't have to do that. I can make my own food, though I do appreciate it." He commented after pulling his seat to a comfortable position. After a few moments he asked her a question that was on his mind, "PEDi can I ask you why Zulara decided to pick me as her mate?" 

PEDi seemed to stop its task for a few brief seconds, whether it was thinking of a response or deciding on if it should tell him the truth he didn't know for sure, but he guessed that since she was a robot it was probably the latter. She didn't answer him until she removed the food from the fraying pan to a plate and brought it over to him, laying it in front of him. 

"Once every generation the Kafkan people need to find a race to breed with. You know of the disease that killed every male of their species, so the scientists had to find a way to make sure when they bore children they would be born female. That's how the ritual started, it is an ancient ceremony and over time they evolved into what they are now. It is why their breasts are perfect for what you would call mammary intercourse. They are the most sensitive sexual part of their body and also the most important. The scientists also believe that choosing a new race every generation will breed more genetic diversity. The Queen of each generation is tasked with finding the perfect mate of the potential race before the race is chosen for reproduction. You were picked because you met almost all of the criteria we use in finding this perfect mate" It explained still standing off to his right with its hands clasped behind its back. 

"Can I ask what the criteria was?" Louis asked while he started cutting up the scrambled egg and breaking a piece of bacon off onto his fork before bringing it to his hungry mouth. 

"Well the main factors were you had to be in your sexual prime and we monitored what types of pornography you watched. Ninety-two point five percent of the time you viewed and I quote your search queue POV titty fucking videos. You can see how this information helped us decide on you being the perfect match for us. Also that you live alone on a secluded part of your home planet was a deciding factor." PEDi informed him. 

Louis suddenly felt embarrassed that his porn viewing habits were under inspection. "So you saw everything I have watched online? How much of my life do you know about?" He barked out between bites sounding more defensive than he wanted to. 

"We are sorry for the breach of your privacy Louis. But you must understand that the fate of the whole Kafkan people rest on our decisions." It said trying to smooth over the situation. They didn't speak again until he was near finished with his modest breakfast meal. He understood what they did and after thinking it through he decided to let the matter drop, he did enjoy the ritual greatly so he couldn't be that mad, plus he was honored that Zulara chose him no matter what the circumstances were. 

"So do the Kafkans only have sex once in their lifetime?" Louis inquired between bites, finishing off the food left on his plate, washing it down with perfectly blended warm coffee.

PEDi seemed to think about the question again before answering. "These questions are better suited for the Queen; I talk out of place for her. But the short answer is no, they do have sexual relationships with each other though it isn't the same as what you may be accustom to here on earth."

With that he pushed himself away from the table and stood up bringing his arms raised high while on his tippy toes, stretching out all his muscles, releasing a sigh as some of his joints cracked in the process. 

"So when does this nurturing part of the ritual take place? Now?" Louis asked as he rolled his head around his neck still trying to get all the kinks of sleep from his body. 

"I believe the highness is still sleeping, plus we will need time to set up the room for it. You should get started with your work if you need to. It might take a few hours for her to prepare." PEDi said taking his plate and bringing it to the sink. Louis replied with an okay and headed towards the door leading him outside.

Zulara was naked and standing in front of her wardrobe deciding on the day's attire. Her thoughts weren't fully on the task, but instead part of them being occupied by the events of last night. The ritual was everything she had hoped for, not only in the immeasurable pleasure Louis brought her but also she could feel her breast swelling as they accepted his seed. But as she slept he didn't visit her in her the postmortem dream that followed the end of the ritual. This along with the fact that she had to explain everything to him was troubling her that he, along with the human race, might not be the chosen ones for her or her people, heeding the words the Goddesses spoke to her the night before she revealed herself to him.

A knock on the door snapped her out of the thoughts; she still wasn't used to someone actually having to physically bang on a door to get permission to enter. "Come in" She replied, wanting to see Louis's reaction to her nudity if it was him and being completely used to having PEDi see her naked.

It was her droid that opened the door effortlessly closing it once it was inside the room with her. 

"Your highness" It said as a way of greeting with a short bow. "Louis just ate and he went outside to begin his day of work he will be ready for the nurturing once you are. How did it go last night?"

"It was beyond anything I could have imagined!" Zulara beamed out excitedly. "The pleasures had me on the edge of passing out." She said while smiling, thinking back to what it felt like to have his engorged growth between her abundant sex organs. "But I do have some worries. He didn't come to me in the spiritual realm of meditation as we slept." The Queen looked to her droid for a reaction as she made the confession. 

PEDi knew that one of the factors that a Queen could judge whether or not a race was indeed the one the Kafkan were looking for was the if the subject would come to her in the spiritual realm after the first ritual. It meant that his mind was open and accepting of the new experiences and race he was mating with, that his mind was on the same plane as hers. But the droid also knew that just because he didn't come to her after the first ritual didn't mean it wasn't meant to be.

"Do not get discouraged your highness, it still possible the humans could be the ones you seek. He still hasn't even received any of your nourishment from the nurturing" It reassured her. "But remember you can't fall in love with him. No matter how much pleasure he may bring you.

"I know" Zulara said forcing out a smile and turning back to her clothes. "But it isn't a good start. Sad really, I like him a lot, he is so adorable. But you are right; maybe after the second phase of the ritual will his mind become more alighted with mine. And I know how to control my feelings PEDi they don't control me. I know the teachings of the Goddesses better than anyone. It is the reason I was chosen as Queen remember?" Zulara asked rhetorically.

"Of course your highness, I didn't mean anything by it." PEDi replied, even though it did notice how excited the Queen got when talking about the pleasure Louis brought to her. "Shall I start rearranging the room for the nurturing?" 

The Queen grasped an outfit from the congested closet, finally landing on a decision and proceeded to get dressed. "Yes of course, I think I will spend the day with our cute host and get to know him better." After she was dressed she proceeded to pick out the best jewelry that would help bring out the colors of her garbs. "How do I look?" She asked her droid knowing full well what its answer would be.

"Beautiful my highness, as always" PEDi said with a final short bow.

Louis was in his equipment shed checking on the oil and engine of his combine prepping for the long day of harvesting more crops when he noticed Zulara making her way towards him. His heart started beating rapidly when he saw what she was wearing; she had on an exquisite white gown accompanied with a purpled hooded cape that was drawn back. A sparkling jewel infused necklace hung around her neck that would draw anyone's eyes down to the V shaped opening of her colossal cleavage. Finally the Queen had at least half a dozen ear rings in and a few rings that were on half her fingers that accentuated her beautiful skin tone. He was in nothing more than a plain white undershirt, a red plaid long sleeve shirt and work jeans with his favorite baseball cap promoting his state's professional football team. 

The only thing he could think of to stop himself from staring at her was looking at his watch as he spoke once she was in earshot. "Is it that time already? PEDi said it would be a few hours before you were ready" He stated. 

Her face brandished her stunning smile before she answered. "No PEDi was right; it is setting up the room now for the ceremony of the nurturing. I just came out here to observe your daily life if you don't mind. Is there room for two in that machine?" She asked pointing to the combine with her right hand and taking his left hand in hers. 

"No... there... isn't, its only has one seat" He answered after a long second of collecting himself from her touch. 

"Well maybe I could sit on your lap?" She teased him stepping even closer to him. Her perfume was intoxicating, dancing on the part of his brain responsible for his sense of smell. 

"I...would probably be so distracted by having such a beautiful woman on my lap that I would crash the thing" He replied with a cracking voice of a teenager. His remark made her giggle before placing a kiss softly on his cheek. The move brought her voluptuous chest against his, making his knees weak and leaving him light headed. He needed to get to work but he couldn't help himself in her presence, it was like she had casted a spell on him and he was compelled to obliged.

"How about I show you around my property?" He insisted after a few seconds, having to focus all his will power on not just throwing her down on the ground and making love to those wonderful prizes of ample bosom. 

"I'd like that" She responded interlocking her left arm with his right. For the next couple of hours he walked her around his entire land, showing her the corn fields on the north and eastern parts and the soybeans of the west and southern. He asked about her world and how it compared to earth. She explained it was similar except more vibrant and colorful. She told tales of exquisite fauna that resembled fabled earth lore of medieval dragons. The notable difference being that the Kafkan versions of dragons are much smaller and were more like how dogs are to humans as loyal companions. He couldn't contain his smile the whole time through their conversation. Her voice was captivating playing sweet music to his ears has he hung onto every word. He imagined that if he ever made it to heaven that it was probably what an angel sounded like. At his asking she went on about her life and how she became Queen, informing him that she and her mother started out as nothing more than mere commoners. Her mother's role was to make clothes for the nobility. She taught Zulara about her father and how he was the most important part of her mother's life. Until her daughter became the Queen of course. She then revealed how a Queen was chosen by her people. A few years into adolescents the Kafkan daughters would drink the ritual oil and if their minds were pure enough they could enter a spiritual realm of existence allowing them to communicate with their Goddesses. Zulara informed him that she beat out three other prospects only because she was one of the youngest to be able to enter the meditational state, ensuring that her reign would be one of the longest for a Queen. 

At her request he went into the details of his own life, though he suspected that she knew most of it when she investigation him during her search for a human mate. He tried to make his life sound less mundane than he knew it really was, explaining he lived on this property his whole life as an only child only inheriting the farm after his father died from natural causes. His parents had him at an older age he pointed out to her because his mother had problems with conceiving a child. When they reached their late thirties his parents finally conceded and decided on a surrogate. His mother battled depression her whole life couple that with the inability to bare a child naturally was soul crushing to her. Louis's father explained all of this when he was older and ready to hear the truth of his mothers death. When he was seven years old his mother took her own life and his father realized he wouldn't be able to comprehend this he told him she was very sick and had to see a doctor very far away. He then talked about his time in high school and how he met his future wife in middle school, explaining he didn't get married to her until a few years after high school. He knew there wasn't much else to tell her, he lived a normal life going to work and raising a family, but Zulara seemed to be invested in his life's story or at least put on like she was.

They stopped their tour in front of the single tree in the backyard of his house, not on purpose but by happenstance. Under the tree was the graves of his wife and two children, which brought his mind to a question he asked PEDi earlier at breakfast. 

He took her hands into his and brought them up half way to his chest "Zulara can I ask about love on your planet? Do the Kafkan people have relationships?" 

He thought he saw sadness in her eyes for a flash of a second before she freed her hands and turned away from him, looking onto the graves of his loved ones. Zulara's mind snapped to her most well kept secret. She had been in love when she was younger and foolish. Her lover worked with Zulara's mother making clothes and at the start of their sexual maturity the two became intimate. It would have cost Zulara the chance at becoming Queen if the secret ever got out. This alone is what made her realize the dangers of love. How if you let your emotions control you your judgment would be the cost. Ending that relationship had been the hardest decision of her early life. The aftermath of it left her heartbroken for weeks crying herself to sleep at night. But now looking back at it with the wisdom of age she understood how irrational love is. It would have prevented her from achieving everything she had in her accomplished during her reign as Queen. Zulara was determined not to let that happen again. 

She wasn't used to anyone asking her these types of questions, especially ones of her past. If they sprang from a mouth of one of her people she would have put them in their place for daring to question their Queen. But she liked Louis and he was just trying to get to know her, he was naive and innocent and didn't understand the beliefs of her people. The two them shared an intimacy that she had to cultivate but also be careful that it didn't evolve beyond lust. If Louis was able to prove to her that humanity was their equal then perhaps she could let their relationship blossom into something romantic. She desperately wished that was the case. Louis was everything a Queen could hope for in a mate. Thoughts of their lovemaking made her breasts quiver with anticipation. For now all she could do was hope that he could come to her in the spirit realm after one of the rituals. Hopefully after she shared some of her DNA with him through the nurturing it would help open his mind to be bale to touch hers. 
