 She was sitting in her command chair on the bridge of the ship while studying the information that was displayed on the holographic datapad that she held in her hand. The subject she was observing was the ideal candidate for what her species was in need of. He was in his sexual prime, healthily, lived in a rural part of his world and exhibited the traits that made him the perfect choice for the ritual. She took a sip of her warm drink and looked out the forward viewscreen to the moon of his home planet that they were hiding behind that concealed their presents to the world below. She sighed, not really sure what the correct choice was. 

She was the Queen of the Kafka, the chosen one that the billions of lives of her planet depended on to make the right decisions. She questioned herself, was this man, this human, the one that would be the template for her people's reproduction? If she chose wrong how many of her people would suffer the consequences?

The door behind her opened with a short hissing sound and her personal droid walked to her side and looked down to her. "Your highness, have you made your decision?" it asked in a feminine harmonic voice.

"Yes I have." the Queen answered. "Take us down, he is the one." Giving the datapad to the droid it took it and with a quick glance at the information the droid gave a swift nod and moved to the ship's helm control and proceeded to start running the system checks before it disengaged from the orbit of the moon. 

"Are you sure this is the way we should present ourselves to him?" the droid asked as it effortlessly started the engines. The Queen got up slowly from her seat and walked to one of the control panels of the starboard side of the bridge. She punched in the sequence with rapid touches of her finger for the mirror displayed to be brought up. She studied herself in the mirror, comparing herself to the women on the planet below. 

She was roughly the same height as human females standing at one and two thirds meters. Her hair was comparable as well, flowing down to the middle of her torso; it was straight and jet black alongside elegant strands of violet and burgundy. For the most part she had the same features humans have, with two eyes, a nose, mouth, two ears even though hers had points at the end of them. The biggest difference was her skin tone. She ran her hand gently across her arm wondering what he would think of the blue-greenish pigments.

The sudden momentum change of the ship came with a quick lurching motion that always happened when disengaging from orbiting anything of great mass. The act brought the Queen out of her thoughts and refocused her to her mission. She shut down the mirror displayed and smoothly turned to face her only other crew member. "Yes it is the only way." She replied. 

"You might want to rest up" The droid remarked, "It will be a several hours before we get to our objective." It said with a slight movement of its head in the Queen's direction. She pondered its remark. Her mind and body were excited by what was to happen. She was chosen as the Queen of her generation's race for this exact purpose. How could she sleep at a time like this? But she was also nervous and worried about what was to come. Maybe rest would do her good to center herself.

"Yes you may be right. I will be in my quarters." The Kafkan declared and glided her way to the exit. The door opened and closed behind her with the familiar hissing sound that it always made. The interior of the ship was sleek and metallic. The halls were lined with lights that emanated from the tops and bottoms of them. They would slowly change colors giving an exotic but pleasant decor. 

Other than her quarters the rest of the ship had a mess hall, detention center and living area. She headed towards her cabin off to the right. The door opened with a hiss and she slowly stepped inside. The lights automatically came on revealing her spacious room. Her lights were set to a soft blue tint, her walls draped with tapestries and other works of art. The left side of the room had a large vanity and mirror with a luxurious chair in front of it. The middle part of the room was her bunk with plush sheets and bedspread. And the right side had shelves and a closet in the middle.

Crossing the room towards the shelves she stopped and picked up one of the bottles that were sitting there. Bringing it with her to the bed she took the cork out which made a loud popping noise. She drank down two whole gulps and replaced the cork and set the bottle down on her nightstand. She stripped off all her clothes except her undergarments. Her body was smooth, soft and lean. But like all of her kind her breasts were vast and plentiful. Squishy and round they hung off her frame like two magnificent globes. She ran her hands up to them and gave them a light squeeze that made her utter out a heavy moan. Also like all her kind they were very sensitive so she had to force herself to stop playing with them, now is not the time for pleasure,  she thought, he will be with you shortly.  

She crawled under her covers and shut her eyes, hoping that the Goddesses would grace her with some last needed wisdom before she would wake.

The water was just up to her ankle lukewarm and in every direction. The misty haze of fog moved slowly across the top. She knew she was in the deep trance of spiritual meditation. Above her night sky with billions of stars and a giant moon that illuminated her surroundings and ahead of her a being slowly materialized from part of the fog with two more coming to be on her left and right. She knelt on one knee with her head bowing low. 

"Goddesses Avaleena, Seseno and Meliketh thank you for hearing my prayers and appearing before me." She stated with her right hand raised up in the traditional gesture. Each one of them along with her was in their raw state as nature intended. 

"Rise up our daughter." The Goddesses said in unison. The three were now standing on a platform that was floating above the water. All three of them looked very much like her, just with different skin tones and strands of hair. Avaleena was the middle one, deep red with curly hair. Seseno was on the right with tones of yellow and short hair. Meliketh being on the left was bright green and spiked hair. They each were slightly transparent and emanated a slight glow. They looked down on their follower who was now standing eagerly waiting to hear their wisdom.

"So the time has come and the Ritual will soon be here. Remember you have been selected and groomed by us because we believe you are the best hope for our people." Avaleena declared in a tender but commanding voice. "Our people's time is slowly fading we foresee a mere millennia worth of generations before it is too late." She added.

"Queen Zulara, if the one you selected is the right one then he will know. He will not need you to explain what it is we seek. You will be there to guide him, help him with the ritual, plant his seed and nurture him. The true one will understand everything else." Goddess Meliketh remarked with her delicate soothing speech. 

"Be patience and don't be discouraged at the beginning. If he is the one then nothing can stand in the way. If he is not the one then we still have other generations to find him." Seseno chimed in with warm sounding words. "Don't force it. It will be either meant to be or not." She said as way of finishing her speech.

Zulara bowed her head taking in their wisdom and storing it in her memory to consider when she woke up. "Thank you Goddesses I will not disappoint you." She spoke and everything started to fade away. 

**********************

The sun was beginning to set on the horizon giving way to a deep beautiful hue of orange and red. The leaves on the trees matched the colors of the spectacle as it was autumn in the Midwest of the United States. Louis West was at the driver's seat in his venerable Deere combine, harvesting the corn from the acres of his farmland. His family's ties to farming span generations, as his father before him and his father's father had all been cultivating the same land since his great great grandfather had came to the USA from Europe. 

Louis lived alone with a respectable ranch out in the middle of nowhere. He had more than enough land to keep him busy but not enough to where he had to hire more help. It was the way he liked it. His house was located in the middle of his estate with plots of crops on every side. Everything in his life was good except for the crippling sorrow he constantly felt. 

He married his high school sweetheart, Rachael and had two children with her by names of Grace and Allen. They were killed in an unfortunate drunk driving accident while coming home from town after picking up groceries. The tragedy left him a shell of who he once was. Socially cut off from the rest of the world after friends gave up hope of helping him with his pain. He spent his days farming and nights dulling the agony with alcohol. 

The twilight before the night wouldn't last long and even though he had lights on the combine Louis decided he was done with work for the day. His muscles were sore and his eyes heavy trying to fight off the grogginess of fatigue. He let out a long and booming yawn giving him the final sign that his body needed rest.

After he dumped what was left in the grain tank of the combine into the trailers next to the shed he parked the machine inside and closed its doors. He climbed the side of the trailer and rolled up the top keeping the corn safe if it happened to rain at night. He got down and rolled his head from side to side and was rewarded with a sharp crack. He took off his baseball cap and ran a hand through his hair and slowly raised his head to the night's sky. 

For a long moment he just stared mesmerized at the beauty of the stars. A plane caught his eye moving across the vastness. It seemed to be getting bigger and towards him. He was in complete shock. Was it going down? He thought as he tried to hurry inside his house and down to the safety of his basement. But before he could make the run of a few hundred feet to the security of his house the object was directly above him. The moon shined off the metal of the saucer shaped object and then suddenly a beam of light came down from the middle of it and engulfed all around him forcing him to try escape but he could only barely manage a few steps. He felt his feet leave the ground yet he still tried to fight it off. Grunting, he felt light headed and drifted off into unconsciousness.

***********************

The first thing he felt was a hand combing through his hair, he thought he was having a dream but it was too real of a sensation. His eyes slithered open slowly weary of hurting the retina from the light. When his eyes came into focus he saw he was looking into the face of a female. No not a female a...

"What the fuck!" Louis shouted and rushed out of the bed he was laying in to the corner of the room. The erratic move startled the being that was with him and it quickly stood up and stared at him. It spoke something that he couldn't understand and watched him with darting eyes for what seemed like hours but in reality were a few moments. Behind it a door hissed open and a metal looking humanoid walked in. Its arms, legs and head were silver but its torso was black. It had a feminine form with an hourglass shape and ample breasts. The thing looked like a robot from cyberpunk fiction he frequently watched. Its head was bald and instead of eyes it had what looked like to be a visor, below that it had a mouth and slits for a nose. It didn't have ears but it had small antennas on each side that ended with neon green circles on the ends. 

His fixation went to the first being that was with him and for the first time he really studied it. It looked human enough but its skin was an alluring teal color. Its face was virtually perfect with no flaws he could see. Its hair was black but with streaks of dazzling purple and a reddish color. The clothes it was wearing looked like something royalty would have worn in the past or maybe on a fantasy TV show. As he examined the angel like creature his heart skipped a beat when he saw the size of its chest. They had to be at least a D cup if not more and its gown was open in the front to show off a considerable amount of cleavage. 

"Do not be afraid." The robotic one said in a strangely harmonic female voice. "We are here to ask for your assistance. We will not hurt you." It assured him.

Louis was breathing hard and his thoughts were racing but somehow he found the will to speak. "Where am I? Who are you? What the hell is going on?" He yelled with both hands cupping the wall his back was on trying to get as far away as possible from the unknown beings as he could. 

The teal one said something he still couldn't make out and took a step towards him. "You are in space; we are visitors from another world seeking your aide because my people desperately need your help." The metal one translated for it.

As the teal angel got closer to him he marveled at its gorgeousness. It slowly raised a hand to his face and stroked his cheek; it had an affectionate smile that melted his fears away. Calmly he raised one of his own hands and interlocked it with the saintly creature. For some reason it was able to completely reassure him that he was safe and could let his guard down all just from a simple touch. 

"You've been asleep for five point six hours after we brought you aboard our ship. The highness has been at your side worried about you since then." The robotic one said and she came closer to his other side and extended her hand palm up offering him what looked like two small hearing aids. 

"Please put these in your ears, they will let you understand the Queen." It conveyed to him.

He took them and looked into the eyes of the Queen. She nodded her head slowly expressing her reassurance. Taking his hand from her he put in the left one then the right one. He still didn't completely believe what was happening to him but something about the teal humanoid made him more trusting.

"I still don't understand exactly where I am and what you people did to me." Louis remarked after both ear pieces were securely in.

"Follow me I will show you" The Queen said in the lovely voice he had ever heard. She took his hand and led him through the door the robot came in and down the hall. He took in the marvelous interior of the ship. They went through another set of doors into a room that had a large oval shape in the far wall and a couch with what looked to be a small table in front of it and a desk and what he could only guess was a monitor. She brought him to the oval shape and pressed a button that was on a panel next to it and with a humming sound a metal panel started moving from the bottom to reveal a window that looked out into space with incredible sight of earth in the distance.

"Oh my god." Louis whispered taking a small step back. "We are on your ship in space? I don't believe it." He asserted with a turn of his head to her direction. 

"Believe it Louis. You are the first one chosen from your people to help mine. Please sit down and I will go through everything with you and answer all your questions. I know this is hard to believe and can be frightening but I will not do anything with you until you are completely comfortable and consent to it." The Queen told him while she stepped close to him taking his hands into hers. 

He thought about it for a few moments. Her perfume was intoxicating tickling the pleasure centers of his brain by way of smell. Everything about her was made seemed to make him euphoric even though he has only been with her for a handful of minutes. Finally he smirked and nodded yes and sat down with her on the couch.

For the next hours she went through everything with him. Her name was Zulara and she was the Queen of her race that was called the Kafka. They lived in a solar system millions of light-years away and every generation they would choose a new race to mate with. Apparently thousands of years ago all men of their race died off from a disease and their scientists came up with a way to reproduce with other races. The ritual, it was a way for her race to ensure that the offspring that were born from mating with other races were born as female Kafkan. Any other way would result in the disease returning. She also explained that her companion was her person droid and she called it PEDi for Personal Electronic Droid interface. 

She told him of what was expected of him and that if he didn't want to be part of it they could erase his short term memory and place him back in his home. He would wake up and never remember any of it. Another choice she gave him was just providing her with samples of his semen to use. But she was so strikingly beautiful and she assured him that the pleasure for him would be something that he couldn't even imagine. The longer he sat with her he drank in her in every possible way. Her eyes were different colors. Just like the strands of her hair, one was purple and the other was burgundy. He stared into when he gave his answer.

"Okay you have convinced me. I accept your proposal and will take part in the ritual. So what happens now?"

With pure excitement and a charming smile she reached over and gave him a big hug. He felt his heart speed up a little as her huge chest was crushed against his own. 

"Thank you Louis. This means everything to not only me but my people. Now we will travel back to your home and PEDi will start getting the preparations for the ritual to begin. You don't mind if we use your home?" She asked leaning away from the hug. 

"No not at all. My home is your home." He answered while being relieved the hug ended that soon. He felt his cock starting to harden, not wanting to embarrass himself in front of such a gorgeous woman. 

She was thrilled that he accepted and wanted to undertake the ritual with her. Not all races were willing or capable to perform it with them. She found him to be adorable with how naïve he was but also she was sexually attracted to him. Being on the verge on the ritual she knew she would be in heat. Never would she have imagined she would be so lucky to have a mate as physically appealing as he was.

He was almost half a meter taller than she was. His hair was short and dark along with the beard on his face. His eyes were brown and she could see a great pain in them. His skin was tan undoubtedly from working outside most of time. He was ruggedly handsome with a hardness about him and his body was defined with muscles from the daily manual labor of farm life.

***********************

Once back on his property Zulara told him she needed to prepare for the ritual and that he needed to give a semen sample to PEDi as a base line before undertaking it. Leaving him with a soft kiss on his cheek she disappeared into the spare bedroom he said they could transform into the space they needed for the ceremony to take place.

Sitting anxiously in his living room he tried to pass the time by watching some TV but he could barely wait. He couldn't focus what was even on; his mind was still trying to wrap his head around everything that has happened to him. The news was talking about the daily political events when PEDi scared him by coming up from behind him and speaking.

"Are you ready to provide me with a sample Louis?" It asked with its robotic female voice.

"Uh sure you want me to go somewhere into a cup or something?" He asked after releasing a sigh from being startled. 

"You can if you wish but this platform has three entries on it that can receive your semen." It spoke in nonchalant fashion. "My body was designed to be pleasurable to you, I have an oral, anal and vaginal orifice you can use to deposit your sample into if you wish, and each one has a different sensation." 
