 ¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬¬

"Damn it Jimmy, what's the problem? If you don't get this heap running we're never going to make it to Darlon." 

"I know! It's not like I don't want to go, I just can't figure out why the converter panel won't work." 

"Maybe you don't understand why we need this so badly. Or more accurately why you need this so badly. How long has it been since you got laid?" 

Silence. 

"Have you ever even been laid?" 

Silence. 

"I thought so. Now, let me refresh your memory. Mulae are 4 ft. tall and weigh less than 90 lbs. But they are unique because their sex organs are built into the front of their chest. And they have a tongue at the entrance that they can move just like your tongue. Think about this." I could tell he was. "Sex with them is unlike anything you've ever felt because it is absolutely the best of oral and regular sex at the same time!" Jimmy blushed an impressive shade of crimson. 

"And if you happen to bring a girlfriend with you they can flick these tongues out of their bodies like a frog. They can drive a woman absolutely crazy. Mulae are known throughout the Galaxy as the best sex you'll ever have. Even though the federation has outlawed them, I happen to know where a few are. They are on Darlon! Any questions?" Properly motivated by his 22 yr old hormones, he suddenly he got up. 

"Let me try one more thing..." 

The approach into Darlon went off without a hitch and soon we were skulking through the fetid mess of pathways and alleys looking for a bar called Aquica, where the Mulae used to hang out. We finally found the entrance, barricaded by several working girls. They elbowed each other vying for a shot at our fresh meat.

"Looking for a good time?" The leader of the pack wiggled several fingers at us motioning us inside. 

"Sure are." I motioned for Jimmy to follow us. "We might as well start here." 

The place was a galactically classic dive, like almost any seedy bar in any port in the known universe. Dirty, noisy, smoky and filled with charlatans and thieves. It smelled like home.

"I used to know a Mulae named Yisani. Does she still work around here?" 

"No Mister," said the girl closest to me. "Mulae are not allowed to work in the bars since the incident." 

"Jimmy, pay attention here."

"Yeah, yeah, okay," he said, trying to break the spell of the Mulae purring next to him. She'd been slowly massaging his inner thigh. She was plotting to ask Jimmy if he'd like to see a private room knowing soon he wouldn't have the control to say no. Once the girls got their hooks into him he'd end up on the street at 3:00am, temporarily happy and permanently penniless. I'd seen it happen repeatedly. If there was a way to separate a greenhorn from their money they knew it. Some of them were legal, some were less so. 

"Ladies, you are both very lovely, but I'm an old friend of Yisani's and I'd really like to see her again. As a friend." I winked at them. 

One of the girls spoke up. "Mister, if you give me fifty Credits (easily a week's wages, I figured) I'll find Yisani for you." 

I slid the money across the table under my palm. She vanished into the back of the bar with my fifty. Watching how quickly she left, I was only half expecting to see her again. We had just finished buying the remaining girl her 4th drink when Yisani and a friend slid quietly into our booth. 

"Jerry!" She said. "I've missed you. This is my friend Cielia; I hope you don't mind me bringing her along." She hugged me hard, rubbing her scent all over me. She smelled the way all Mulae smell. Like a woman in heat. Let a Mulae get in close to you and you just couldn't help yourself; you simply had to have them. They knew it and charged appropriately. The other working girls hated them for it, and used their collective might to get them outlawed. The 'incident' was the perfect ruse to get rid of them for good. Several years ago a group of rich college kids snuck onto a freighter headed this way. They couldn't just jump on a transporter, as it would have immediately reported back to the school that the minors were aboard. So they'd made the trip over a school break, telling their parents they were 'going camping'. And they were, of sorts, since stowing away on a freighter for a week certainly wasn't easy. 

They'd found the Mulae all right, or maybe they'd found them. Either way, a couple days later the whole lot of them woke up dead with all their parent's credits used up. They were however found smiling...

Yisani continued rubbing against me, cooing and purring like a cat. The room was getting hot in a hurry.

"It's been way too long since you've been here." 

"I know it has, dear," I said, stroking her hair while she rubbed her chest against my side. "I just don't get into this part of the Galaxy much anymore. Too many people are still looking for me here. But right now I think we need take this to another room." I suddenly realized that Jimmy was sitting there speechless. He was looking at Yisani's friend while trying to undress her with his eyes. Yisani caught it too. I spoke up. 

"Girls this is my friend Jimmy and I've been telling him about you all the way over here. I hope he enjoys your company as much as I do." They smiled graciously at us, knowing they were about to make a month's wages. Maybe two. 

Yisani watched my face for a signal. "Shall I get separate rooms?" 

"Oh, I wouldn't miss this for the world!" We all laughed knowingly. Jimmy swallowed hard since we were all looking at him. 

In minutes we were in a private room with the girls undressing us. Cielia undid the buttons on Jimmy's shirt, slowly kissing his skin as it came into view. 

"You are a very big man," she said looking at him with big brown eyes. Her hands were rubbing the front of his pants. Even though he was blushing like a sailor on shore leave, his pants were pushing back. 

"Do you like this so far?" I asked Jimmy. 

"Uh huh," he croaked. He watched Cielia kiss her way down his stomach. Meanwhile he slowly undid her blouse, exposing a perfect set of little breasts. 

"Oh my God, they're beautiful!" He said breathlessly. 

"Trust me; we haven't seen the best of them yet." I said. Yisani was running her hands across the front of my jeans trying to undo my belt. I gently held her hands. 

"Not yet. I want to watch Jimmy first. This should be great entertainment!" Yisani turned around and sat on my lap, squirming and wiggling her butt against my hearty erection while Cielia slowly unbuckled Jimmy's belt with her teeth. His member sprung free, hard and ready for action. 

"Mmm," purred Cielia. 

Because of its concentration, human semen is an extreme delicacy for the girls, especially after being banned from the street. Cielia was making sure she was going to get all she could. Jimmy marveled at the sight unfolding in front of him. Think of a human woman with a cunt under her ribs and a tongue for a 'taint'. Marvelous! 

Cielia stood up and put her arms behind her head, spreading her arms wide. Her sex yawned open, her tongue undulating invitingly as she slowly danced around the room, much like belly dancers of thousands of years ago on earth. Her swayed her hips, tossed her hair and every once in a while would look shyly at Jimmy, as if to ask if he was interested in her. 

"You like me?" Cielia said gazing deep into his eyes. 

I knew she was getting to him. With raw lust in his eyes he stood up, dropped his pants and pulled Cielia to him. He eased the tip of his cock into her, savoring the heat and wetness that greeted him. She slowly unrolled her tongue to tease his balls. It was almost too much for him to bear. Slowly she leaned toward him, engulfing his hardness. 

Jimmy said "Uhhh!" It felt so good his eyes almost popped out. Slowly Cielia backed away from him, and then leaned onto him again. She continued to fuck him slowly, letting the sensations build. Meanwhile Yisani was rocking back and forth on my legs. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and I lifted her off my lap. 

I whispered in Yisani's ear. "Baby, I think it is time we joined this party." 

The girls grabbed our penises and pushed us back against the wall. The girls entwined their arms and slowly leaned onto us, impaling themselves. The feeling was exquisite but I knew Jimmy was in trouble. I put a hand on Cielia's shoulder.

"Hang on sweetie. I want this to last."

She held still for a few moments to give Jimmy a chance to regain his composure. Yisani's tongue felt so good I was beside myself. I looked over at Cielia and nodded, urging her to continue working on Jimmy. 

I took Yisani's delicate face in my hands. "You're fabulous, but now it is my turn to fuck you." 

I spun her around and lifted her off the ground with my cock still deep inside her. I pinned Yisani to the wall and pounded into her while Jimmy followed suit. 

Yisani unfolded her tongue and ran it under my balls, flicking the tip all the way back to my ass. Cielia saw it too, and started doing the same thing to Jimmy. I knew neither one of us could take much more. 

"Yeah, baby!" I hollered. 

Jimmy's thrusting became frantic. "Oh my God, oh my God!" 

I went over the edge and came violently. Jimmy screamed that he was coming too. I held Yisani tightly against the wall and dumped load after load into her. Suddenly our semen shot out both of our girl's noses! 

The look on Jimmy's face was priceless, as I had neglected to warn him what might happen. Remember back in the 4th grade when someone laughed so hard milk came out their nose? It is still one of the funniest things I've ever seen. With Mulae, if you're long enough and you came hard enough your seed would do likewise. The girls of course loved it. They leaned in together and kissed each other's faces licking off the precious goo. 

We were in the middle of getting dressed again when there was a violent pounding on the door. 

"Yisani! You'd better not be in there!" 

"Oh my God!" said Yisani. 

"Who the hell is that?" I asked, afraid to know the answer. 

"It's our boss. We're not supposed to work today. He is going to be very angry." Suddenly we could hear a key turning the lock. The door burst open and the boss stepped inside. He was huge, ugly and pissed. 

"I thought I told you not work today!" He scowled at the girls. 

"And as for you two," he growled, looking directly at Jimmy and me. "It is a shame you were caught with my girls." 

Jimmy reached out and kicked the boss right in his upper kneecap, bending his leg backwards. The boss pitched towards the floor screaming in pain. I stepped out of the way and gave him a karate chop on the way down knocking him out. 

"Come on girls let's go!" I said. We ran like hell.

It took several hours to get back to our ship and we wasted no time lifting from port. The girls stay with us now and we found that that they are actually quite good negotiators. Whenever we need to trade, whether it is for food, fuel or profit, we let the girls do their thing. Invariably they have sex with the people we are trading with, but at least this way they get to choose who they sleep with and they also get to participate in the spoils. From their perspective their lives haven't changed that much because they still get paid for sex. But they have much more control than they've ever had before, they get to see the Galaxy and of course Jimmy and I love having them around. One of these days we may be able to help them get back on their feet and start another bar somewhere. In the mean time Jimmy and I spend half of our time walking around with our knees so weak we can hardly stand. The girls are getting nice and plump from all the semen they've been getting. So far our situation is working out just fine. It may take as several years to get the money together to start a bar. 

At least I hope it does...