 After your friends were leaving, I was thinking that it was time for this to happen. The sexual tension had been obvious all night, and it was clear where this was going. As soon as we'd said our goodbyes and you closed the door, I embraced you with my arms and moved my mouth in. Our lips locked-- you put up no struggle at all-- it was clear you wanted this too. My arms moved up and down your body, as we remained locked in a long and a heated kiss, both of us grunting as we began to explore each other's bodies.

My arousal took control of me, and I put one of my hands firmly onto your chest, right below your breast, and forcibly pushed you onto the bed. At first I felt bad, thinking that you'd be shocked at my use of force. I felt ashamed for a second, but one look into your waiting eyes told me I'd done no wrong. With your body beginning to arch with anticipation I moved my way on top of you, stroking your face as I moved in to kiss you again. As our lips embraced and our tongues battled, my other hand began exploring your upper body, starting right around your navel. Slowly, my hand worked it's way up under your shirt, passing over your rib cage before stopping right below your breasts. You took the opportunity to lift your arms over your head, allowing me to sever the kiss to lift your shirt over your head. 

I whispered into your ear, "no bra?" 

The feeling of my breath in your ear caused your whole body to stir. you arched your neck. the anticipation was getting to be too much. If we didn't get release soon, we were both going to explode.

"No panties either," you replied. I looked down to see you already squirming out of your short shorts. You're naked body glistened, but I was still in shorts and a T-shirt. I immediately lost the shorts, leaving my boxers on, but the shirt would have to wait. I wasn't done building up to the crescendo. I wanted the arousal to outweigh the surprise.

I dove into your neck, starting with just my lips, but it took only a few small moans from you to entice me to sink my teeth in, nibbling and pulling at your skin. At the same time, my right arm moved it's way up toward your breast, forming a cup around your fingers, slowly stroking the underside with my fingers. I really like to be a tease, but I just could not help myself. Your moans were too much. My hand moved up and squeezed your breast, hard. I let my palm push into your nipple, letting the pressure fill you with pressure as my fingers ripped at your skin. You let out a gasp, followed by many more as my fingers began to twist and pull at your nipple-- lightly, but with just enough pressure to electrify you. 

You whimpered. "Please. Please fuck me."

"What's that?" I asked. "I don't think you deserve my cock yet."

"Please," you begged. "I'm going to burst. Please let me have you inside of me. I'll do whatever you want. Just please don't make me wait anymore."

I smiled. Your pussy was glistening with moisture, and there were little droplets of your juices already dripping onto the sheets. I could feel the heat emanating from your pussy onto my leg. Your entire face was red. I through about making you beg more. No. This was the moment.

I ripped my shirt off, leaving me in just my boxers. You let out another soft moan of anticipation. Little did you know what was coming.

Your eyes closed as I moved my body back on top of you, preventing you from having any idea what was coming. I moved my mouth down to your breast, biting and flicking your nipple, as my knee moved between your legs, putting pressure on your mound.

My left hand was tweaking your right nipple. my right hand was pushing down on your left shoulder blade. Had you been clear headed enough to realize this, you might have wondered what it was that had grabbed you by both of your wrists, pulling your arms above your head and pinning them against your bed. In your current state of anticipation and ecstasy, you hadn't even noticed anything was wrong as something began to coil around your neck, leaving a slimy trail behind it. With your eyes closed, you moaned and squirmed as two long, black, and slimy tentacles curled their way around your thighs, like anacondas attacking a meal, the heads of the tentacles preparing to attack your dripping pussy like a snake preparing to swallow a meal. 

You were completely oblivious too all of this until my sixth and final tentacle started worming its way into your mouth. You instinctively started to bob your head as if it was my firm cock, but finally something had awakened you from your ecstasy. You opened your eyes to see the situation you were in. Six slimy black tentacles were extending from my back. Two of them were pinning your arms, two of them pinning your legs, one wrapped around your neck, and one in your mouth. I could see that you wanted to scream, but my tentacle prevented any noise from escaping your stuffed mouth. you tried to struggle, but there was no use. I had you completely pinned. You writhed and squirmed, and my dick grew harder and harder as I easily prevented your futile attempt to escape. 

"Shhhhhh" I whispered, removing my tentacle from your mouth. I knew you wouldn't scream. The fear prevented you. 

"Wha... wha... what are you?" You stammered.

"I AM DOCTOR COCKTOPUS," I bellowed. 

For a second you look stunned. In a moment though, the shear absurdity of what I had said caused you to break into a fit of laughter, as the fear that had captivated you just moments ago began to subside. 

I took this opportunity to move my waiting tentacles to your pussy. The two ends on your thighs began to tease you, starting at your outer lips, rubbing and pulling your skin, bringing you back to the sexual Ecstasy that had consumed you just moments ago. My sixth tentacle, the one that had previously been in your mouth, began to move south as well. As two tentacles pulled at the dripping skin of your pussy lips, the third assumed a striking position, like a knife waiting to be plunged, above your clit.

You let out a moan. it was a small moan, but the first I had heard since you realized the surprise I had waiting for you. I took this moan as an invitation. The tentacle struck, lashing at your clit, flicking and pulling with a force that sent you screaming with pleasure. The fear had not subsided, but it was working to keep you on the edge, adding to your arousal.

"Enter me. Please." 

I was surprised to hear you letting your inhibitions down, but I was also more than happy to oblige. As one tentacle played with your clit, two more moved their way towards your hole. I began to tighten the grip that my tentacle had on your neck, letting you breathe, but forcing you to struggle. instinctively, you tried to move your arms towards your neck to loosen my grip, but you once again realized I had your arms completely pinned. This realization clearly set you off, as fresh juices started to pour out of you. My tentacles could feel the heat emanating from you. 

I didn't want to wait anymore. I let my two tentacles enter you simultaneously, pushing outwards at the walls of your vagina. You could feel them slithering around inside of you. Your moans filled me up. I was ready to burst. I kicked off my boxers, exposing my hard cock. The tentacle controlling your neck was preventing you from looking down. You were clueless about the type of fucking about to come your way. 

I positioned myself so that my cock was just centimeters away from your entrance. my two tentacles were slithering away in you, and another was still overwhelming your clit. You were starting to scream. That was my cue. 

My tentacles pushed themselves outward again, expanding your hole and leaving just enough room to for my cock. Slowly, I entered you. I let my tentacles worm my way around your insides as my cock thrust back and forth. Your pussy was filled more than it had ever been filled before. Your back arched and your hips thrust upwards as much as I would allow. I let out a gasp, which you reciprocated with a deep moan. You were clearly getting close, and it was time for me to finally get my release. 

With my arms wrapped around your back, I thrust back and forth, back and forth. Each thrust was met by an increasingly loud and long moan from you. I began to moan as my pace quickened, which only set you off more. My tentacles continued to push on your inner walls, restrain you, and overwhelm your clit. You were panting, practically begging for a release.

Finally, as your pussy began to twitch, I felt that inner feeling that let me know I was about to explode. I moaned. You panted. I thrust harder and harder, deeper and deeper, until it finally happened. You were spasming, your pussy clenching over and over on my cock. Your dam had clearly burst, and mine was about to as well. With a final moan and a final thrust, I filled you with my sperm, letting it film you until your pussy overflowed. Finally, with both of us panting, I began to remove my tentacles and release you.

"That was the best loving I've ever had, Dr. Cocktapus," you said with a smile that could only have come from someone post coitus 

"We'll see how long you feel that way," I said with a smile. I collapsed on top of you with exhaustion. I had to get my strength back to do it all over in an hour.