 This is my attempt at a "porn parody" (for lack of a better description) of Ancient Greek mythology. It is not a direct adaptation of any one story, but an original tale made of bits and pieces pulled from several Greek myths. The intention was not only to create a work of erotic fantasy, but an epic saga that paid loving tribute to the poets and playwrights of antiquity.

This chapter contains an erotic coupling scene, though it also qualifies as a "first time" scene.

Thank you for reading. Please enjoy.

Prologue

Glory! Sing, sweet Muses, for the glory of Tythoros! Sing of the warrior who defeated great monsters to save the city that betrayed him. Sing of the curses and hardships he overcame for redemption's sake. Sing of the mighty gods, the brave allies, and the uncommon beauty who aided Tythoros in his quest.

Sing to me, great Muses, and help this humble author tell his tale.

Chapter 1

Begin, Muse, with that fateful night many ages ago in the proud city of Thebes. It was a cold, black, and foggy night, but no one in the city's main palace had noticed or cared.

The palace's hearth roared with flame that night. The banquet hall was filled with the light and warmth of a dozen torches. Musicians played merry tunes over the growing volume of roars and laughter. The hall's enormous tables were covered with all manner of succulent meats, fruits, cakes, and jugs of wine. It was enough to feed a village, but the proud fighting men of Thebes were eating through it all with remarkable speed.

Flush with recent victory, this gathering of warlords and generals celebrated with raucous vigor. They laughed, they sang, they drank, and a few had even helped themselves to the nubile curves of their host's servants. One soldier in particular -- tall, with broad muscles and resplendent golden armor -- sat at the head of one table with a comely brunette under each arm. The women had stayed with him all that night, whether they wanted to or not.

Elsewhere, at the head of a different table, a man gripped his scepter (crafted by the god Hephaestus himself) and stood. Everyone in the banquet hall grew quickly silent, for Ammochrusios was such a mountain of a man that even without his royal scepter, and even with so much food and drink caught in his ample beard, the king had a presence that commanded attention.

His voice boomed through the hall. "Mighty Thebans, Olympus smiles upon us this day! Together, we have proven that no mortal force on this Earth could ever hope to match the strength of Thebes!"

Ammochrusios paused as his soldiers banged their fists against the table, thundering their approval.

"Not only have you earned honor for yourselves," he continued. "But you have earned the gratitude of a kingdom. Not only did you strike everlasting fear into the hearts of our enemies, but you brought tremendous glory and hordes of treasure back to your beloved homeland."

More thunder, as the soldiers roared and banged once more.

"Though you have all earned your places in song and story for generations to come, special praise must be given to the sharp-eyed Xalchon."

There was more applause as the gold-armored warrior threw his new female companions aside and stood next to Ammochrusios. No one at that table questioned that Xalchon deserved praise above them all. The comrades in arms had all seen Xalchon's golden armor turn red with the blood of countless adversaries fallen by his spear. His prodigious strength and ragged visage were enough to terrify all who stood before him.

"Xalchon," said Ammochrusios, "for your vital part in this victory, I award you first choice of the spoils. Name any prize you wish."

"My lord," replied Xalchon, "I ask only for what I am owed. The gold, the weapons, and the women I took by force are all mine. But that is not enough, for you promised me another prize. You promised me a young and heavenly beauty, never before touched by man. A woman of many skills and crafts who would be mine until the House of Death claims me. For this victory, king of Thebes, you owe me your first daughter. You owe me Pheira's hand in marriage."

Ammochrusios offered his hand to the sharp-eyed warrior. "I remember this promise," he replied, "and I will gladly hold to it. You shall wed my daughter tomorrow, and take your share of the war spoils as dowry."

The king and his champion clasped hands, and it was done. The celebration continued anew, in honor of the warrior and his engagement.

***

As was often the case with arranged marriages in those days, the engaged couple had never met or seen each other previously. In fact, Pheira was shut in her bedchamber at that very moment, far away from the noise of the banquet hall.

Yet despite the distance and Pheira's vain attempts to keep distracted, she could still hear all the noise. Her father and his men were making such an awful din that Pheira could barely hear someone knocking at her door. She didn't even think to answer the door until she heard a muffled voice say "My lady?"

She finally opened her bedchamber to find a lanky fellow with pleasant features and a thick head of oak-colored hair. Though he was dressed as one of the household servants, Pheira couldn't recall ever seeing him before. That was hardly unusual, though: The royal family had more servants than Pheira could keep track of.

"I thought my lady might like some food from the banquet," said the servant. Indeed, he was carrying a large plate full of meats, fruits, and bread. He had even included a couple small cups of wine. Pheira couldn't deny that the food looked heavenly.

"Thank you," said Pheira. "Do come in."

The servant set his plate down on the floor and closed the door behind him. "You've been here alone this whole time, my lady?" he asked.

"A moment's peace has been very hard to come by lately. I'm thankful to have one before the wedding."

"So you heard that the king has given you to Xalchon?"

Before replying, Pheira helped herself to a grape. It was remarkable how one little piece of fruit could taste so delicious. She couldn't recall ever tasting such sweet juice. Clearly, the girl didn't know just how hungry she was.

"My marriage to Xalchon was set before the warships had ever left," she said between bites of beef. "It's all that my mother and Cleia have been able to talk about." Pheira paused to gulp down some wine. "Then again, as they incessantly remind me, I am far too old not to be married." In fact, Pheira was eighteen years of age in a time when girls typically got married off at fifteen.

The servant helped himself to an apple. "Perhaps," he suggested, "it will all be worth it now that you've found such a powerful husband."

Pheira paused to brush some crumbs off the curves of her chest before continuing. "I'm not sure what to think about Xalchon. I've heard that he's a brave and valiant gentleman who brings great honor to our kingdom. I've heard that he's a brute who lusts only for his own power. I've heard that he once decapitated a live bull with his bare hands. There are so many rumors about him, but I don't know which ones to believe. I've never met him personally."

A thought suddenly came to Pheira. "You just came from the banquet hall," she pointed out. "Did you meet Xalchon?"

"I saw him briefly, my lady," answered the servant, hesitating before going on. "He was as merry and drunken as anyone else at the table, while groping any serving woman who got within arm's reach."

Pheira let out a heavy and frustrated sigh. "Well, he is a fighting man, and he'll be next in line for the throne after the wedding. I suppose it's his privilege."

The servant looked hard into her bright blue eyes. "Highness, marriage is never a thing to be taken lightly. He will be responsible for your happiness, and you his, for all time. That's a heavy responsibility, my lady. Do you trust him with it?"

Pheira paused. "As I said earlier, I don't know."

"Then don't take that chance," begged the servant. "Put your faith in a man who would grant happiness for you and your kingdom."

Pheira was growing impatient with this line of questioning. Who did this servant think he was, addressing a princess in such a manner? "And where," she asked testily, "do you propose I go looking for such a man?"

She had been expecting him to try and kiss her, but she could never have predicted her own reaction. Pheira would have had to put this servant to death for such insolence, much as it would have broken her heart to rid the world of such a kind and charming man. But then his lips touched hers.

In the moment of that kiss, Pheira completely forgot where she was and who she was with. This contact with the servant had filled the princess with such joy that she only wanted him to touch her more.

In an instant, she went from pulling away to pushing deeper into the kiss. Her hands held his chin as the servant caressed her waist and they pulled each other closer. His hands moved to grab her round, plump ass through the fabric of her clothing. Pheira gasped at the touch, leading the servant to stick his tongue in her mouth.

Pheira was so entranced that she gladly let him in. As the vibrant warmth of his tongue probed her mouth, Pheira took even more pleasure in feeling his strong biceps. His firm chest. His abs were so well-defined that she could feel them through his clothes. She could even feel a tremendous bulge that quickly responded to her touch.

The bulge was so huge that Pheira finally broke her transcendent kiss to see it. The moment she looked down, Pheira knew she had to see more. The thought aroused and excited her that this strong, abundant mound of flesh was the first penis she had ever touched, and the first she would ever see.

"Allow me, your highness," said the servant. He quickly undid his belt and the clasp of his clothing. Within moments, the servant stood completely naked before Pheira. The princess marveled at his flawless complexion, with muscles so toned and perfect that they might have been carved out of stone.

But of course, Pheira's eyes were quickly drawn to his groin. Those thighs were hard and large enough, but then there was the phallus swinging between them. The princess was so impressed with its length and girth that she had to see what this cock was like when it was more than just half-erect.

Though Pheira had obviously never pleasured a man herself, her mother had provided more than enough verbal instruction about consummating a wedding. For the first time in her life, this princess lowered to her knees for a serving boy. With one hand cradling his scrotum and the other gently wrapped around his shaft, Pheira began licking the very tip of his penis.

Pheira could hear him grunt with satisfaction, but her pleasure was far greater. Sweet Gods on Olympus, even his cock tasted amazing. Almost instantly, she started sucking on the head of his prick. After that, she licked all up and down the shaft, slowly tasting as much of his salty-sweet warmth as she could.

"Gentle, now!" cried the servant. Before Pheira even realized it, she had started sucking on his balls.

She immediately released them. "I'm sorry!" she blurted. "Did I --?"

"You're doing fine," he interrupted. "Just going a little hard, is all. Maybe you should get back to this," he said, gesturing to his shaft. "I wonder how much of it you could fit in your mouth."

So encouraged, Pheira put one hand on the base of his shaft, one hand gently grasping his balls, and her mouth around the head of his penis. Then -- as slowly as she dared -- Pheira moved it as far back into her throat as it could go. She wrapped her plump lips tight around his cock, keeping its warmth within her. She continued to move her tongue around it, eager to keep on tasting that sweet flesh. As she moved her mouth back and forth along his shaft, Pheira could hear the servant grunting and moaning with pleasure.

"Oh, yes, my lady," he said. "Just like that." As he spoke, Pheira could feel the veins and muscles of his cock stiffening in response to her touch. She could feel his soft hands brushing through the curls of her dark blonde hair. She could feel his hands on her shoulders. And yes, she could feel him undoing the clasp of her toga.

Finally, Pheira was treated to a sugary taste emerging from the servant's tip. The servant moaned louder than ever as she furiously licked at the tip of his prick, tasting as much of his warm precum as she could, until she finally let go of him.

"I'm so sorry," she gasped, "but my mouth is so tired --"

The servant knelt down and took her oval-shaped head in his hands. "That's perfectly natural," he said. "You were wonderful. Now, I'll return the favor."

She took his hand as they stood up. Without the clasp to hold them, Pheira's clothes came undone as she stood, falling into a heap around her. Pheira made no attempt to hide her rosy and unblemished skin. She stood unashamed before the servant, revealing her luscious curves and her round, plump ass.

Pheira looked down at the servant's prick, which was now standing at full attention in all of its incredible girth and length. It was so lovely to her that Pheira couldn't resist reaching over to touch it again. As she did, the servant leaned in for another kiss.

Their lips locked in sweet embrace, they moved over and fell onto the bed. Pheira was underneath him, her arms spread-eagled. Her body was open to him, and the servant started with her chest.

Her breasts were more than large enough for any man, but they were a perfect fit for the servant's big, smooth hands. As he and Pheira continued probing each others' mouths with their tongues, the servant gently massaged her breasts. His touch was perfect, not hard enough to hurt, but just hard enough to feel incredible. More than that, his hands seemed to spread a warmth so overwhelming that it went all through her breasts and right to her heart.

The servant made sure to brush his thumbs against her small, pink nipples, and they responded in kind. When they became stiff enough to hurt, the servant finally moved down and licked them, switching from one to the other. Pheira arched her back as far as it could go, eager for all the sensual friction his tongue could offer.

Her moans and gasps had been uncontrollable by now, but she had to bite her lip to keep from screaming when the servant reached down to massage her thigh. As he gripped her ass, Pheira started bucking her hips uncontrollably. When she did, the both of them felt just how wet the princess had gotten.

The servant stopped to reach between her legs. Pheira felt the electric touch of his fingers rubbing up and down her labia, getting coated in her moisture.

"Oh, please," she cried out. "Please!"

"Please what, highness?"

"Don't stop. Whatever this is that I'm feeling, don't make it stop."

With that, the servant set his knees onto the floor. He put his hands on Pheira's thighs, which were resting at the edge of the bed. He spread her legs apart with no resistance, then moved his hands up to just under her sopping wet pussy.

Pheira grabbed fistfuls of sheets the instant she felt his breath on her pussy. She cried out in ecstasy at the feel of his tongue lapping against her slit. Every time his hands rubbed her thighs, she felt sparks all through her spine. Every time his tongue stroked her pussy, she let out another moan of joy. She couldn't even form words until his tongue finally hit the hard nub of her sex.

"There!" she exclaimed. "Right there!"

She continued crying out as the servant licked her clit furiously. Pheira's back arched, her hips thrust, and her fists clenched as so much raw energy spread from her sex to her entire body.

"Don't stop! Don't stop! DON'T STOP!" She was right at the tipping point, and the servant knew it. Sure enough, Pheira felt a brief but overpowering explosion of pleasure within her. Her muscles spasmed uncontrollably as she cried out in bliss.

But the servant wasn't done. Pheira opened her eyes to see that the servant was now standing between her legs.

"Are you ready, my lady?" he asked while stroking his still-erect cock.

She was still dazed and limp from the climax that came not ten seconds previous. She was supposed to be a virgin for her upcoming nuptials. But somehow, all of that seemed far away when she saw her lover and that wonderful organ in his hands.

Without hesitation or a second thought, she commanded "Give it to me."

As quickly as she said it, the servant placed the tip of his cock right on her mound. He spread her lips with his thumbs and -- bit by bit -- slid his impressive length inside her. Pheira couldn't feel any pain, only warmth and raw delight. She couldn't even feel her hymen break, nor did she notice or care that her first penetration left no blood. The princess could only feel the intoxicating friction of her lover's cock as it rapidly thrust in and out of her.

The servant kept his hands on the princess' hips, but Pheira had finally let go of the sheets. She was now grabbing hold of her breasts, which gave her even more pleasure.

"Oh! Oh! OH! YES!" Her moans kept perfect time with the rapid thrusting inside her, and her cries got higher in pitch the longer he kept pounding.

As if by reflex, Pheira wrapped her legs around the servant's waist. In response, the servant bent down and then stood, picking her up. The moment she embraced him, the servant reached down and supported her by the buttocks. He spread them open as he continued thrusting, without ever breaking rhythm.

It wasn't every man who could lift or carry her so easily if this was any other day, but in this moment, with this man all around and inside of her, she felt lighter than air. Pheira embraced him as tightly as her arms could allow. She buried her face into his neck, alternately kissing him and moaning into his shoulder.

"It's coming again!" she cried. "Just keep going!"

At that exact moment, the servant lowered her back onto the bed. Only this time, they were lying on top of each other, with Pheira's legs still wrapped tightly around his waist.

"Me too," he grunted. "Keep at it!"

By now, they were working in perfect rhythm. Their hips were grinding in perfect unison, and grinding quickly. Once again, Pheira felt her entire body seize up with anticipation for that one glorious moment.

As the servant continued ramming his cock into her with unrelenting speed, the moment finally came.

"OH, GODS!" she screamed in absolute bliss, loud enough to wake those sleeping in Hades. Pheira could feel warm, liquid joy spreading from her broken maidenhead through her entire being. Every muscle in her body convulsed for a short blessed moment that felt like an eon.

Finally, her arms and legs unwrapped themselves as Pheira went totally limp. Her brain felt completely blank. She didn't know or feel anything except a happy weightless feeling.

It was a long time before Pheira could find the breath to say "That... was amazing," but she said it to no one at all.

"Hello?" Pheira called, suddenly feeling rather stupid because she didn't know the servant's name. She had no idea where he had went to or how to call for him.

He had vanished, gone without a trace.

***

At that exact moment, mighty Zeus had returned to the peaks of Mount Olympus. He had scarcely crossed the gates to those palaces of marble and gold when he heard "Ah! There you are, my lord and husband."

With a muted sigh, Zeus turned to face his wife. "Well met, sweet Hera. What tidings do you bring me?"

"Oh, it may well be nothing," said Hera, "but I notice that the fog around Thebes is peculiarly thick. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?"

Her tone was sweet, but Hera's cow-eyed stare bored directly into the gaze of her husband, the king of Gods. Zeus could only answer "I hadn't noticed. If it should trouble you, my lady, I could dispel the fog quite easily."
