 I was at a small flee market and I found a red lace mask on a table the seemed to draw me to it. I picked it up and it sent small shock waves of pleasure through me. My cock got hard and I swore I heard a voice telling me to take the mask home to my female.

"What the fuck." I said and I dropped the mask back onto the table.

The women at the table said "The magic mask is very old. It comes from Italy. It once belonged to the goddess Venus. It has been in my family for generations but I am the last women in the family and it needs to find a new family. Please take it home to your wife, I'm sure she will find it beautiful."

She picked it up and put in a bag and handed it to me. I felt like I could not resist so I just took the bag and walked away. After I took a few steps I stopped and turned around. Both the table and women were gone but for some reason this did not bother me. I looked into the bag and not only was the magic mask inside but I found a red lace dress and red stockings in there. I guess there was magic in the world.

When I got home I gave her the bag. she looked in side and she got a funny look on her face. She stood there for a few moments and then told me to go upstairs to the bed room and wait for her. 

She came into the room wearing her red lace outfit and the magic mask. God, she looked fucking sexy. She told me to take off my clothes and to sit on the bed. I quickly complied. The head of the bed was tilted up and pillows were stacked so I was sitting with my back against a very comfortable wall. She sat next to me a gave me a kiss that was soft and sensual as she ran her tongue over my lips. I went to touch her face and she pulled away and gave me a little slap across my face. 

"No mortal can dare touch the goddess Venus. I decide what happens here." She said in a deep throaty voice.

I sat back. She kissed me again and then moved to my neck and started to lick and suck. This felt fantastic. Then she started kissing my chest and sucking on my nipples. She would suck on one and pull on the other. I swear I could hear her purring while she played with my nipples.

She moved down my body, kissing, licking and biting as she went until she reached my now hardening cock. 

She moved down the bed and opened my legs. She sat between them. She started to lightly stroke my cock with her finger tips. I was already hard but I got very hard now. She leaned foward and licked the entire length of my cock a few times.

Using the same deep sexy voice she said "Nice cock, for a human." 

Then she took me into her mouth. In and out my cock went. She would stop and start licking the head while she looked at my through that mask, HOT. She started to play with her tits as her sucking got more intense. She was moaning and I was really enjoying the view of her taking my cock part way into her mouth and out again while she massaged her hard nipples. 

She stopped and looked up at me and said "I'm going to swallow your seed human."

She started kissing the head of my cock and then one of her hands went to her pussy. She started to run her hand over her pussy. She slowly moved my cock between her very red lips. My cock went deeper and deeper into her hot mouth. She actually took my whole cock into her throat. Holly shit, she was never able to do that before. She pulled it out and went all the way back down again, fucking incredible. I could actually feel her moaning against my cock while she were doing this. Her hand on her pussy was getting faster and she sucked my cock.

I couldn't stand it any longer so I started to cum. It felt like I was a fire hose. I just kept cuming and cuming. She keep the head of my cock between her lips and ran her one hand up and down my cock until I was empty. I saw her body shiver as she had an orgasm. She let go of my cock and crawled up my body and gave me a kiss. I could tell she swallowed everything but I could still taste myself on her sweet lips. 

"You were delicious human," she said

She got off of the bed and left the room.

The next time I saw her the mask and outfit were gone and she acted like nothing out of the ordinary happened.