 This is my attempt at a "porn parody" (for lack of a better description) of Ancient Greek mythology. It is not a direct adaptation of any one story, but an original tale made of bits and pieces pulled from several Greek myths. The intention was not only to create a work of erotic fantasy, but an epic saga that paid loving tribute to the poets and playwrights of antiquity.

Thank you for reading. Please enjoy.

Chapter 2

Though Pheira had died giving birth to Zeus' son, Hera's jealousy had not yet been sated.

She watched intently as the marble quarryman Plakinos raised Pheira's son as his own. She watched Tythoros become a master marble cutter, taught by Plakinos until the old man finally went down to the House of Death.

She saw this bastard, this illegitimate son of her husband, grow into a wonderful man. He was tall and handsome, with thick oak-brown hair and his mother's blue eyes. His skin was made tanned and rough through many long days in the quarry.

And yet she continued to wait. Twenty years had passed before the time finally came for her to strike again.

***

As Tythoros walked home after work that night, he took some time to pass by the Parthenon. He did this very frequently. As much as he revered the wise warrior goddess Athena, Tythoros admired this temple still more for its craftsmanship. This was a house designed to last throughout the ages, built from the finest marble bricks in all the kingdom.

He would normally have gone into the temple to pray further, but there was no chance of that. The entire city had flocked to Athena's temple in anticipation for the upcoming Panathenaia, when the grey-eyed goddess' birthday would be observed. The crowds assembling around the temple would be true Athenian citizens, no doubt, and Tythoros wanted nothing to do with such people that day.

With a silent prayer of apology to the favorite daughter of Zeus, Tythoros continued walking by. He was going home, where he would find the greatest blessing the gods had yet granted him.

***

Not only was Tythoros a mere commoner (so far as everyone knew, anyway), but his birth by a foreign woman barred him from formal citizenship in Athens. Even so, he had no shortage of suitors. Given his reputation as a handsome, kind, strong, and charming man with great success in business, Tythoros could have had his choice of any woman in the city. Men came from leagues away, offering handsome dowries if only Tythoros would marry their daughters.

To the outrage of many women, and the bewilderment of many men, Tythoros eventually chose Aloche.

That night -- as with every night for the past few months -- Tythoros got to eat dinner opposite the adorable dimpled smile of a brown-haired girl in her late teens. "How go preparations for the festival?" he asked his wife.

"Very well," replied Aloche. "Getting the peplos ready is never a simple matter, but it will be done on time." Aloche was one of the ergastinai, those craftswomen who worked every year to build a gown (the peplos) for the Parthenon's massive statue of Athena as part of the festival.

She continued, "Speaking of work, how are things in the quarry?"

"There is high demand for marble in Eleutherae," answered Tythoros. "I spent all day carrying marble there from the quarry. All day, sweet Aloche, carrying one block after another from the quarry to the construction site in Eleutherae. What other man in all the kingdom could do such work for so long?"

Indeed, Tythoros had such strength and endurance that he could work a dozen mules into the ground. No mortal could ever have known, but this was the gift of his immortal blood. In any case, Aloche guessed that Tythoros didn't stress the point simply to brag.

Aloche set down her dinner. "Certainly, no one else in the kingdom who could do so much," she agreed.

"Not even the strongest runner in the Panathenaic Games, you can be sure," Tythoros pointed out, as he aggressively continued eating.

Aloche watched him for a few concerned and uncertain moments. "My dear husband, what ails you?"

Tythoros set down his meal and breathed a heavy sigh. "I hesitate to say," replied Tythoros. "For it would mean speaking ill of the city and the people that I love."

Aloche moved to sit next to her husband. "Sweet Tythoros, you know I would not judge you, nor would I divulge anything you wished secret. I pray you, please tell me what the matter is."

After a long, thoughtful pause, Tythoros finally spoke. "I was born in Athens. I was brought up by a citizen of Athens. All my life, I've lived by the laws and customs of Athens. Yet because my mother -- the mother I never knew -- was not born here, I can never be considered a true citizen."

Aloche put a hand on Tythoros' thigh. "And why, dear husband, would you wish to be a true citizen? You fear being treated as a person of lower class? There should be no concern for that, you have enough success in cutting marble. You wish to compete in the games? No one could defeat you in competitions of strength and the whole city knows it. You wish to honor Athena by taking part in her birthday rituals? You honor each of the gods all year with the temples and statues made from your marble. You deeply love the city and no one would dare claim otherwise. So what is it that you want?"

Tythoros put a hand on her shoulder. "I only regret that I was cursed with an uncertain past. My whole life, I never felt like I truly belonged anywhere. Even worse, I know in my heart that there is some place out there where I may be accepted freely and completely."

Aloche responded by taking his cheek in her hand, leaning over to tenderly kiss him. With that one kiss, she made it clear that he would always be at home in her arms.

Finally, the kiss was broken. Tythoros looked over the round face, the soft green eyes, and the big, pouty lips of his wife.

"Are you with child yet?" he asked.

"No," she replied sadly. "Not yet."

As Tythoros got up, he said, "We must do something about that."

***

As Aloche led him to the bedchamber, Tythoros spent every moment admiring the body of his wife from behind. She was a full-figured woman, with just enough meat on her bones to provide some amazing curves. Aloche swayed her hips as she walked, knowing that her husband had his eyes on her backside the whole time.

No one else could understand why Tythoros turned down so many tall and slender beauties to marry a wider woman who was shorter than him by a head and a half. It was not a decision that he regretted for a moment.

When they finally reached the bedchamber, Tythoros put his hands on her waist. He pulled her closer, pressing her back against his lower chest. Tythoros crouched down, Aloche craned her neck back and upward, and they kissed deeply.

As they kissed, Tythoros moved his hands all over her. The two of them melted into each other as their warm tongues probed each other's mouths. She pressed herself tighter against him as his rough hands and strong arms explored her wonderful curves.

Slowly, Tythoros moved his hands up to her chest. He lowered his mouth to kiss her neck, the better to hear her moans of pleasure. She happily rolled her head to the side, allowing for more of his warm touch on her light pink skin.

Oh, how Aloche sighed at the feel of Tythoros gently rubbing her huge, supple breasts through the fabric of her clothes. She gasped with delight as his fingers teased her nipples, which grew ever harder at his touch.

A short time later, Aloche's nipples were so erect that they visibly poked through her clothes. Tythoros moved his left hand to continue pleasing her right breast as his right hand slowly traveled downward. Down past her navel, just barely grazing her pubic mound, finally settling on her thigh.

She could feel his large, strong hand on the inside of her thigh, raising her skirt at a leisurely pace. Aloche responded by swaying her hips, moving them side to side against the great arousal of her lover. The feel of her big, round ass rubbing against his prick sent shudders of joy throughout his entire body, but Tythoros would not be distracted from his task.

Finally, Tythoros succeeded in raising Aloche's skirt, exposing the damp, meaty lips and the dark brown curls of her sex. She let out an ecstatic yelp as he began to gently caress her intimate flesh. All the while, he continued to massage her breast, tease her nipple, and kiss her neck.

It was too much. Aloche reached with one hand to fondle her other breast while the other hand reached upward for Tythoros' shoulder. Her entire body was open to him.

"My love," she whispered. "Please don't torture me like this. I'm ready. I need you."

With that, Tythoros quickly rubbed her pink folds one last time before gently inserting two fingers. The warm friction of his rough fingers inside of her made Aloche groan loudly with joy. The feel of his thumb rotating against her pearl made her hips grind harder.

"That feels so good!" cried Aloche. "Deeper! Faster!"

Tythoros obliged. His thumb pressed harder against her clit. His fingers moved in and out of her with a quick and unyielding rhythm. The friction created heat that radiated through Aloche's entire body. Her senses flooded with ecstasy, combined with the feel of the pressure on her breasts and her lover's warm breath against her neck.

Aloche could feel the rush overcoming her, and she made no attempt to resist. Tythoros felt her go rigid in his arms with an "Ah! Ah! AHHHHH, YES!" His wife then collapsed, panting for breath, into his arms.

When the wave of senseless euphoria had finally passed, she looked up at Tythoros, who was now back to standing at his full height.

"I think we should disrobe, don't you?" he suggested. Indeed, as Aloche soon realized, they were still fully clothed.

As simple as that, Aloche immediately got her second wind. She stood, unclasped her chiton, and took the fabric from her luscious body as quickly as she could. At the same time, Tythoros moved to uncover his tanned skin and his enormous muscles.

After taking in the sight of him, she came forward for another kiss. She had to stand on her tiptoes and he had to bend down a ways, but they did kiss deeply once again.

"I love you," she said.

"And I you, my dear."

They kissed again before Aloche moved to kiss his thick neck. She slowly moved down to kiss his rock-hard chest as she felt his bulging biceps. Tythoros loved the moment when she started kissing around his navel, because it meant that she was going to put his cock between her breasts. His wife did not disappoint.

He took a sudden gasp as Aloche squeezed her warm, tender breasts around his member. "Oh, sweet Tythoros," she cooed. "Look what you've prepared for me." His member was standing at full attention between her tits. She rubbed it between them, feeling his heat as he could feel hers.

"It's all yours," said Tythoros. "Please, do what you will with it."

Aloche was well aware of his godlike stamina, so she knew he could last a long time. There was no need to go easy. All the same, she took some time to lick his erection from base to tip, going as slowly as she dared. She kept steady eye contact with her lover the whole time, so each of them knew full well how much the other was enjoying it.

She took his shaft in one hand while caressing his large, sturdy thigh with the other. Tythoros watched her take the head of his cock into her mouth, and he felt her tongue circle around it, to his audible satisfaction. Aloche slid him into her mouth as far as she could, then another few times until her tongue had thoroughly lubed him.

She quickened her pace, being careful to match her rhythm with that of her husband's groaning. Tythoros could feel her mouth sucking harder with every pass. "Oh!" he moaned. "Oh, my sweet, you feel so good!"

He reveled in the heat and moisture of her mouth. He loved their moments of eye contact as she pleasured him. And oh, how they both loved the feel of her plump, moist lips against his stiff, throbbing cock.

Aloche savored the taste of his pre-cum, though she took it as a sign to stop. She took out his cock and stroked it by hand. "I think he's ready to go someplace else," she said.

"Lean over on the bed," he directed.

Aloche obeyed. Though her feet stayed on the floor, she rested face down on the mattress. She spread her legs wide, eager with anticipation for what was to come. Tythoros could see that her pussy was still sopping wet from the previous orgasm. He rubbed his erection against her moist outer folds, and Aloche let out a pleased groan at the feel of it.

"Here it comes," he said, before slowly pushing himself into her. He felt Aloche's muscles tensing as he entered her one inch at a time. All the while, she enjoyed the transcendent feeling of being whole as her husband's thick, hard cock filled her so completely.

With his hands resting on her hips, he began thrusting. He moved slowly at first, the better to savor that sweet moist warmth wrapping tightly around his penis. Though his thrusts were slow, they were hard, such that Aloche felt a blissful tremor through her body every time he entered her.

Aloche reached down to rub her clit as he continued pounding. "Faster!" she cried. "Go faster!"

Tythoros was all too pleased to oblige his wife. He pounded her with increasing speed, his strong and tireless hips moving in perfect rhythm with Aloche's cries of ecstasy.

His hands moved from her hips to her ass. He groped Aloche's gorgeous, perfectly round bottom which so sorely tempted him even in dreams. He grabbed firmly onto her ass as he pounded it, never breaking his stride.

"Ah!" Aloche groaned as he felt her husband's firm grip on her ass.

"Oh, you like that?" he asked, his voice ripe with lust.

He gave her rear a good hard slap. "Harder," she gasped. He slapped her harder, his palm thudding with an audible smack. "Harder!" she cried. Tythoros slapped her plump, red ass even harder.

"Harder, my love! Smack me harder! Fuck me harder!"

Tythoros leaned down to grope her breasts, even as he continued pounding her harder and faster. His pelvis was smashing into her buttocks with such force that he didn't even need to beat them.

Aloche, still furiously rubbing her clit with one hand, grabbed fistfuls of sheets with the other. Meanwhile, Tythoros continued working and willing himself to orgasm. She needed his sperm, and by Eros' strongest arrow, he was going to deliver it. Tythoros' endurance was such that if he tried to hold out, they could be humping all night and be no closer to a child for it.

Finally, his head tilted back, his eyes shut tightly, his back arched, his jaw hung open, and cream sprayed from his cock inside of her as guttural moans of pure ecstasy burst from his lips.

Aloche was just on the verge of orgasm herself when Tythoros pulled out. She was grateful for the seed he had given her, of course, but it frustrated her to have come so close. Luckily, she knew Tythoros' stamina. She looked back to find that he was indeed still erect.

"Lay down, darling. I want a chance to finish."

"Gladly, my sweet." He laid down on the bed, his prick pointing to the sky. Aloche crouched down to briefly suck him off again, tasting her own sugary juices mixed with her husband's hot cum. Tythoros' back arched at the familiar pleasure of his wife's strong tongue on his rod.

She stroked him lightly a couple of times by hand before straddling his hips. With one hand on his firm shoulder and the other holding his cock steady, Aloche lowered her engorged, dripping pussy around his length.

Aloche furiously rubbed her clit while grinding her hips back and forth. Tythoros groped her enormous breasts, teasing her large, brown nipples while enjoying the friction of his huge arousal in her tight, hot little hole.

No doubt about it, the woman was desperate to get off, and Tythoros was eager to assist in any way he could. He sat up to orally please her succulent tits, sucking and licking them to Aloche's delight. Aloche herself was thrusting as hard as she could, rubbing her throbbing clitoris with all of her strength. Her moans got louder, her breathing grew faster, she was so close to climaxing she could feel it just barely within reach...

...But Hera was watching.

Hera had only let the girl live this long because giving a little meant taking a lot. At this very moment, Tythoros knew beyond any doubt that he had a loving and beautiful wife, a chance at having a child, and the near-certainty of living happily with a good family for the rest of his days. Now, at the brightest and most blissful moment of his life, it was time to take all of that away from him.

At the very moment of Aloche's climax, when every pleasurable spot in her body exploded with joy and she screamed her happiness to the heavens above, Hera finally made her move.

In response to Hera's unseen touch, Aloche's expression instantly turned from unimaginable happiness to total rage. "Aloche?" Tythoros asked, still disoriented from lovemaking. "What --?"

He never got to finish the question, for Aloche's hands had clutched themselves around his throat. She wasn't nearly strong enough to crush his muscular neck, of course, but it still took considerable effort for him to pry her hands away and hold them steady.

"My sweet, why are you acting so?" pleaded Tythoros. "What mad spirit has possessed you?" Aloche's sole response was to spit in his eye.

Tythoros threw his wife off the bed as he wiped off her spittle, but she would not stay down. Naked and frothing at the mouth with senseless anger, Aloche threw everything within arm's reach at her husband. Tythoros attempted to placate his wife, but he couldn't even hear his own words over the crashes of thrown items and Aloche's incoherent screams.

Finally, Aloche picked up a white marble statuette of Aphrodite. Tythoros recognized it immediately: It was the one a friend of his had made as a wedding gift. In that moment, Tythoros knew that for whatever reason, his wife was seriously intent on killing him. In that moment, he considered letting her do so.

"My love," he croaked, with tears forming in his eyes. "Please stop."

She screamed again while rushing toward him with the statuette raised high. Tythoros pushed to resist her with all of his might, only to find that his hands connected with her forehead. They had both attacked with such aggression, and Tythoros' strength was so much greater than hers, that the impact broke her spine with a sickening snap.

It all happened so fast. Tythoros needed many seconds to realize that his wife lay crumpled on the floor of their bedchamber.

He moved to nudge her shoulder. "Aloche?" he whispered. "Aloche, my love, please wake up! Please come back to me!" But it was plainly no use. His short marriage, and the woman who brought him four months of wedded bliss, were no more.

Tythoros began to weep as he slowly moved to close her eyes. Though her skin was still flushed red with wrath, and though her neck was bent at an odd angle, Tythoros could only see the beautiful woman who had shared so much happiness with him only a few brief eons ago.

Tythoros began sobbing out loud, just as someone banged at the door of his house.

"Tythoros?" called out one of the neighbors. "Aloche?" Bang bang bang. "Is everything all right?"

Scared and confused, with no idea of what else to do, Tythoros threw on some clothing, went to the back door, and ran.

***

Tythoros had no idea where he was going, and he was far too confused, too scared, and too heartbroken to care. He only knew that he had to get as far away from his former home as possible. He had to leave his house, his belongings, his city, everything that carried a memory of her and anything that might try to hurt him as she did.
