 She stepped right up to me in my personal space, but had a shy smile. As she composed herself to speak, she offered me one of her white gloved hands, but instead of waiting for my hand she simply grasped my penis, as if in a handshake.

"I am Katarina. Please call me Kate or Cat."

Kate had a thick Russian accent, sounding very different from the robot. I could not help myself and just hugged her, with my face brushing her large breasts. Kate floored me by picking me up off the ground so I could kiss her on the lips. After I kissed her, she put me down. I stood back and admired her. Kate was all sensuous lean muscle topped off by a large chest, with legs to die for, yet she was too perfect to be normal. She saw this in my face as my brows knitted together.

"You sense I am different, no?"

I nodded dumbly.

"I have been used as genetic and cybernetics experiment. The doctors in the old Soviet Russia promised me to make my good looks even better, but had made me captive prisoner to be plaything."

Katarina spoke in broken English, but it made her sound even more alluring. *Note- please don't be offended at my attempt for her to speak in broken English, I find it to be a great turn on with a Russian accent.

"How did you meet my uncle?"

"He knew nice professor. They got me out of country in rubber box."

"What do you wish to do now with your life?"

"I promise uncle that I take care of you!"

"You don't have to do that Katarina!"

The woman looked so rejected. I felt terrible. She continued speaking.

"I have addiction to wear rubber and leather all of the time and be sexpot fetish girl. Most people will not accept Cat, but you have "thing" for boots and gloves. You learned to not fear 8 handed robot lady. We don't always have to stay in house to make happy time. I do something nice for you. Please wait!"

The Russian woman disappeared into the locked second bedroom. I became curious and tried to spy by looking around the corner from the living room, but was stopped by an invisible force field!

A few minutes later, I heard booted footsteps on my wooden floor and Katarina reappeared. She changed into a fancy chauffer's outfit! She wore a white frilly shirt, with a tight pair of jodhpur breaches and a matching tailored suit jacket. Her long hair was pinned under a smart black Derby. She donned thigh length highly polished black equestrian boots, which made the line of her legs look impossibly long. Cat's hands were covered in perfectly fitting white leather gloves with elaborate seams, which made her outfit appear somewhat formal even with her kinky boots. 

In her hand, she carried a few boxes. One was a large shoe box; she opened it and removed another pair of knee length black equestrian boots.

The beautiful Russian woman then addressed me. "I wish for you to have boots of your own. I think we would both like you in them. I help you change!"

Catarina saw the enthusiasm in my eyes and then beamed in delight. I never wore tall boots of my own, but knew that it would be a turn on for me, especially since she desired me to wear them. She also produced took an interesting garment out of one of the other boxes. It looked like a pair of long underwear, but was black in color and was much lighter in weight. 

Very tenderly Catarina coaxed me over to her and started to dress me, first with the black underwear, then with a pair of white jodhpurs of my own. I could see as Katarina opened the boxes that my outfit was similar to hers, though my shirt was not frilly and I did not have a hat. The Russian lady sat me down and helped by handing me my new boots. I could see that she enjoyed handling and looking at them, as I enjoyed her clothing. It was strange for me to also wear white leather gloves, because they seemed so soft and feminine, but when she placed them on my hands, the stiffness in my groin increased!

Cat took me by the hand and walked with me out the back door to a familiar luxury car sitting in the driveway. This was my uncle's car! He was very tall also and was only comfortable in certain cars. She walked me over to the passenger side and purposely put her large breasts in my face, as she stood over me and belted me in. Cat giggled as she closed the door and walked around to the driver's side.

I watched in anticipation as my beautiful blond companion slipped into her seat so gracefully despite her height and positioned her black equestrian boots over the pedals. She observed me while she turned the ignition key and then delicately pushed a small button with her white glove, which was not as innocent as it looked!

I suddenly became aware of foreign sensations on my entire body. As Kate stepped down on the gas with her foot, I could feel the leather of my boot caress my sensitive leg hairs and ankles as if I had done this myself. Also I felt a sensation in my groin, just short of ecstasy, which caused my eyes to open wide involuntarily. I turned to Kate who was had a sensual come hither look, but composed herself before she spoke to me again. Her stare clearly had something to do with the sensations I was feeling!

"I wish to take you away from home on a driving outing as I tell more about story of me. Yes? First you listen then ask questions, no? I will be best chauffer."

I just nodded as I had become accustomed to doing with this gorgeous and unpredictable woman wished.

Kate/Cat wasted no time and pulled the car backward out of the driveway. I watched transfixed as both of her tall boots masterfully worked the pedals in unison. As her white glove sensually stroked the directional control before operating it, I became jealous of the stick and wished she was touching my body parts instead. I also felt a stimulating sensation through my own gloved hand. Was I somehow connected into the sensations that she was feeling? As I thought this, I heard a deep sigh of satisfaction emit from the Russian Woman's throat, which caused my pecker to strain against its black undergarments, before she began her story. 

"I was once physics student at university in Russia. I worked toward advanced degree, but life was unexciting until I met scientists. I was curious to them being curvy blonde with education and over 6 feet tall. One scientist, he liked leather and rubber. I admitted to liking this clothing too, but never thought about it much before then. He encouraged me to wear these things. He said I was not a freak, being so tall in boot heels. We went on dates. He liked to lick my boots. I understood him."

"He introduced me to friend scientists and they asked me if I wanted to try some medicine to make skin clearer and body firmer. I agreed and found it worked. My breast size even grew from 'C' to 'D' and I found that in tests, I became stronger with weights in gym. I could even easily pick up a fat scientist. What scientists didn't know was that medicine made my healthy sex urges get more urges! My interest in leather became obsession. I only wanted to wear tall boots with gloves, no normal shoes "

"What scientists didn't tell was that medicine was genetic engineering. The results were not reversible! I learned this one day as fat scientist asked me to tickle him with my white gloves and to not stop even if he begged me. I extracted information from him during tickle time."

Kate paused for a moment and gave me a sensual poke in the ribs, as if to emphasize her point and continued her story. As she did this I felt another unexplained erotic sensation in my own gloved hands as well as where she touched me playfully.

"When I learned about genetic experiment I ran away from scientists, but started to become sick with sad depression."

"Scientist who I once dated and now don't trust, found me and told me that I needed medication to relieve depression caused by genetic changes. I thought now I could never get away from crazy scientists. Scientists gave me anti-depressants and one day offered me to be the first person who was cybernetics hybrid and that I could control my environment by doing this. Anti-Depressants were making my judgment poor, so I agreed to experiment."

"I was given brain operation, where micro robots (nano-bots) could interact with my brain and take commands. The tiny robots could do more small tasks for me as I became accustomed to them. The scientists thought that they were limited to picking up small items or turning of a switch, but I found robots could be used for other things. I could use them to change the color and shine of my boots or keep them from bunching or sagging, by just imaging the condition I wanted. The drawback is my brain needs a long recharge every day, since nano-bots drain current from it. If I didn't obey scientists, they would not let me have recharging that I need to keep from getting depressed."

"Around this time I met uncle of yours. He was American colleague of scientists and began to communicate, from America, with me and one of the scientists who had sympathy. One day I told him on whim that I wished I had 8 hands, so I could work him over to my satisfaction, for his kindness. He took this a challenge for him to invent and that maybe some day I could use all 8 gloved hands to take care of someone else he had in mind. Uncle designed fetish costume, which you've experienced. It responds to nano-bots and could give me proper electrical shock during evening down time to stop depression. Rubber box was to be used as playtime room and shipping container for me."

After I head this I let out a whistle of air between my teeth. Kate smiled sweetly, but furtively stepped down hard on a small pedal with her tall boot as her hand pulled up slightly on a thin lever, which was on the floor, but was clearly not a stick shift. The arm wrests of my seat locked me so I could not move. As Kate's white glove continued to pull the lever to its next position, my hands disappeared into the arm wrests of the seat. Her next pull of the lever caused hidden leg irons to bond my boots to the floor! I was nervous but very excited. I felt a strong stimulation going through my own boots and gloves again, which nearly made me cum and wondered again if I was sensing Kate's horniness. 

Kate began to speak again, "Men who like to watch me in tall boots enjoy playtime in my bondage devices too. I take car of you in many ways, no?" As Kate said this she let out another deep sigh, as if her vagina was getting wet. External stimulation caused my erection to pin to true north, but I felt my underwear actually squeeze my cock at the base to prohibit my ejaculation. I saw Kate closed her eyes in pain.

"Kate, what is going on with my undergarments?"

"Your undergarments are a feedback system. Our libidos are tied to one another. You physically feel my sensations and I feel yours. Garment is calibrated to tease, so you do not squirt off, before I want you to. I wish for you to feel Kate's enjoyment while I operate car, while wearing equestrian outfit. I tease you well and you tease Kate back without knowing it."

It was unusual but sexy how she could refer to herself in the third person at times.

"Kate, I wish for you to lick my boots!" This appeared to piss the Amazonian woman off.

She responded, "Kate is not used to taking orders from man when she puts him in surprise bondage, but she will indulge wish." My companion drove silently for a few minutes and calmed down as my fly seemed to open on its own (nano-bots at work) and she grasped my cock gently in her white glove, randomly squeezing and manipulating it as it were one of the car's controls. She found a narrow path and followed it into the night until she found a private clearing at the road's end. As soon as she turned off the car, my bondage devices disappeared into my seat and I was freed.

She spoke to me, "Please exit car and come over to Kate!" I walked around the car to the sexy blond goddess and she hand her hands on her hips, as if she were considering something. I saw a blur of motion as she picked me up by my feet and hung me upside down! Kate then proceeded to furiously lick the soles of my boots as she held me up apparently effortlessly! This woman was sweet, but dominant. She would not lick my boots in a prostrate position. I was trying to test her and found this out the hard way.  

As she took her time to lick my boots, my head and equilibrium felt way off, until I had an idea." Kate, I wish to eat your pussy, while I hang upside down!" She shook with surprise, but her trained nano-bots to undid her fly and opened her underwear as she held me up higher with no extra effort. 

I wrapped my hands around her thighs and buried my face in her muff, attacking her swollen clit with my tongue. I felt her give a mighty heave of her chest before she put me down gently on the ground in a 69 position as I was still affixed to her thighs and privates. Kate was a loud woman and her strength was super human. It felt like I was causing an earth quake, especially as I purposely avoided her clit until I flicked it again with my tongue.

I had to hold on tight as she bent her tall boots and maneuvered herself before I felt my own fly open up again. This was due to her remote control over the nano particles as she was a partly cyber creature. Kate's full lips now surrounded my throbbing organ. As it turned out, I was outclassed when it came to an oral teasing. She let her lips brush the rim of my cock again and again, before completely removing them from my cock as if I were her lollypop. It didn't help that I could feel her giggling between her licks and an explosion of stimulation in my undergarments reminding me of where Kate was getting stimulated. She would occasionally go all the way down on me for relief, but avoid my sensitive penis head, teasing me.

At one point I bucked away from her Kate's lips, but she trapped me by wrapping her equestrian boots around my head. The Russian woman had already kept me from cuming twice by pressing down hard with her mouth on the base of my cock to defeat my ejaculations, so she could continue to tease my cock rim with her skilled lips and tongue.

I decided that I really needed to make her cum, so I attacked her clit area with a tongue barrage and would not stop. This threw Kate off, because she almost forgot about what I was doing. What she was doing to me really worked her up, because even though she did not let up on me with her lips, I could feel her body shake harder than she had before. My tongue felt as if it were going to fall off when she gave her last mighty heave and a blissful scream. I thought that her powerful booted legs were going to crack my head like a nut, but she loosened up her legs, while she came in waves of pleasure.

After what seemed like a minute she tightened her very tall boots around my head again and teased my cock by alternately swirling her tongue around the tip and brushing the rim with her expert lips. I felt her go down all the way on me and this was all that was needed as I exploded into her hungry mouth. She swallowed my jism very neatly and then unhooked herself from me before taking me in her arms and kissed me on the lips romantically.

Kate took my hand as we walked back to the car together. We stayed quiet for most of the trip home, but she had a dreamy look, which suited her beauty and sweet nature. I didn't want to interrupt her bliss, but I needed to.

"I need to ask you something?"

Kate fixed me with her intoxicating gaze and said, "Ask me anything!", As she listened to me, in her way which made me feel like the most important person in the world, she affectionately stroked the outline of my cock with her free white glove. "Kate, you didn't act like the same person, when we met in your rubber box and how did you grow right in front of me from being just a torso?"

"The Nano particles which I control are able to deflect light to re-form an image of me. I cannot change to look like someone else, but I can show a region of myself, move it and mask the rest of my body. It was uncle's idea for me to grow in front of you for big introduction. Actually I was at full height for the whole time. Particles played optical illusion on you. They can also change the color and luster of my clothing. My voice was altered by system in robot costume to make me appear robotic. This was uncle's idea also. "

"But what about how your personality was different?"

As Kate continued to speak her leather covered hand gave my cock a gentle squeeze. I loved the way that she enjoyed expressing herself by feeling my penis as she told me stories, especially when she operated the car's pedals wearing her sexy boots! My whole body could feel her stimulation of touching me through my undergarments. My blond companion gave a pleasurable sigh as she continued, "The costume takes some hours to recharge synapses in my brain to alleviate depression from being drained by nano-bots. During this time it puts my personality in sleep mode and the on board computer evaluates your needs. I am aware of what I do, but have little control over it, while in costume, with 8 arms. Uncle knows you live by self for long time and have fetish love too. He needed me to bring you out of your shyness. Costume might change behavior and see to your other needs the next time, since we communicate well together now."

After some time I could see that Kate's mood seemed to deteriorate and I remembered that her brain needed its daily charging by her costume, since the nano-bots drained her synapses. As we returned home she disappeared immediately. I could hear her footsteps as she hurried down the basement steps. 

I decided to prepare a simple dinner and save some for Kate. Before I ate it I went downstairs and found both inner and outer doors to the box open. I stepped into the box and Kate was standing before me in her original rubber raincoat costume with the 8 hands and wearing thigh rubber equestrian boots. As I stepped inside, one of her smooth rubber gloves pulled the lever to close the outer door. I felt strange again, because I realized that this wasn't Kate, but a robot being which she disappeared into nightly that had a mind of its own! 

I decided to just express myself and gave the robot/Kate a bear hug. Four hands lifted me off the ground and the robot hugged me with all 8 of its arms, quite a bit too tightly for comfort, before it put me back on the ground and just observed me! The robot said in our previous visits that it wanted me to express myself, but now it was showing me its edge again.

I considered just leaving, but could not tare myself away from the robot. I decided to undress and the robot replied in kind by stowing my clothing in a hidden panel in the wall again. I walked up to the android, went down on my knees and licked her boots. She let me do this for as long as I wanted to, so I was encouraged. I spread my legs to hope that she would give me one of her amazing boot jobs, but she just rocked her sleek rubber riding boot on its heel to tease me.

This got me frustrated and I tried to place one of her boots in my groin. The robot proceeded to let me do this, but instead of giving me an erotic massage, she just stepped down on my cock and balls until it began to hurt. I was unable to removing her stubborn booted foot and when I tried she just pressed down a little harder, which put me on the threshold of agony, and used two of her many hands to keep me from moving backwards and escaping. 

Her other hands got into the mix by stroking the sensitive leg hairs on my thighs, just slow enough, which drove me loopy as two other tickling rubber index fingers found their way into the hollows of my arm pits, while others brushed my nipples in a soft rhythm. I began to enjoy her tickling and hardly noticed that she eased off of my balls with her foot, until two hands rudely poked me in the ribs and her boot stepped down firmly on cock and balls again, ending the relief! 
