 I was the favorite relative of my uncle the cyberneticist. He was the strange mad genius in the family, who alienated every one else but me. He recently died in his 80's and left in his will to me, what he called his "prize possession".

It had been four weeks since the reading of the will and I had nearly forgotten about my inheritance, until there was a knock at the door. Four burley men were wheeling in a huge rubber box about 7 feet high by 7 by 5, on a hand truck into my modest home, where I lived alone. 

I decided to have the workmen put the box in storage area of the basement. I asked them if there were any instructions and they just shook their heads and said that they had no idea what the contents of the package were.

I made myself some dinner and my curiosity got the better of me. I went down to the basement and noticed that the package was giving off enough light for it to be examined. I felt all around the box, but it had no flaps or seams! I ran my hand over the side facing the wall where it was darkest and a hidden door became ajar, with a pale light emanating from within. My heart was thumping away and I decided to walk inside.

The inside of the box was dimly lit and had rubber walls and a very pungent odor. My uncle would sometimes speak of his passion for the sensuality of rubber. He was open about this. The rest of the family just thought he was strange. I like the sensual qualities of rubber too and shared my empathy with him. I just wasn't so vocal about my feeling about rubber to my other relatives. 

The rubber room was divided in half. There was another door in front of me with no handles or seams either, so I just felt around and slowly the door opened from the ground up. What I saw left me speechless. There was a long female torso wrapped in tight glossy PVC. It had oversized anatomically correct breasts and a thin waist. There was no head or legs and it was mounted on a 3 foot platform.

I did not know what to do with this thing. It was certainly strange. As I hesitated, the torso began to hum softly and vibrate slightly. The hum was very calming, I felt at ease as if I had familiarity with this strange entity. I also had a strong desire to touch the torso, though I felt indecent. It was not a person, but it seemed to have some sort of sentience, the way it communicated with its soft humming. I knew it wanted to be touched.

I reached over and felt the object. First it felt cool and smooth and then it warmed to my touch. The humming sounded more seductive now and the rubber odor seemed to increase. I found myself engrossed in this strange object. Getting bolder, I touched one of its large breasts. The obsidian machine had a surprising reaction!

Arms began to spring from the shoulder area of the torso. I noticed that the garment was actually a tailored striped PVC raincoat, which took shape under the budding torso. As the shape grew, arms filled out the shiny sleeves of the coat ending with rubber gloved hands, which could have only been brought to such a high shine by a silicon polish.

I was mesmerized by the device's rubber gloves and was shocked when they suddenly grasped my hands and put them back on the breasts of the sprouting torso. The machine continued to grasp my hands as another pair of arms and sleeves materialized as the raincoat unfolded. These arms were joined by several others. Soon the device had 8 arms springing from its shoulders, each with a good sized rubber gloved hand.

The torso began to gain height as its platform disappeared into the floor of the box. It was sprouting a pair of very long legs covered tightly in a pair of highly polished black leather high heeled boots, which had to be several feet in height disappearing under the knee length matching raincoat. The boots made delicious creaking noises as the legs extended from the inside of the torso! A humanoid robot was taking form in front of me!

I could now smell the leather odor of the android's extremely tall boots, mixed with the rubber smell of her other clothing. In a few seconds the headless torso exceeded my height, as its first pair of rubber gloves grasped my hands firmly and pushed me back slightly so I could behold the genesis occurring before me.

A moment later a female neck and head budded from the torso, enclosed in a rubber hood and eye mask, giving the robotic machine a mysterious look. As her face took form I could see that she had alabaster skin, large blue eyes and blond bangs. The face also had pouty lips and lovely features just hidden enough to keep me guessing. This beautiful rubber woman now stood over me at her full height, which was within a few inches of the ceiling of the 7 foot high box!

I stood before the robot and did not know what to do. She had stopped humming and was still grasping my hands firmly. Her eyes were focused on me, but they seemed to be tranquil. Her facial features were as smooth as glass and unreadable in contrast to the flurry of butterflies in my stomach. I did not know what to say to the android. I did not even know if she spoke. I found myself stuttering, but no coherent words came out. Suddenly the robot spoke to me.

"You have been identified by your fingerprints as the one surviving beneficiary, of the professor."

The mechanical rubber woman had a non-human voice, but it was mellifluous and sounded kind, if not a bit haunting.

I finally spoke clearly, "So you are my inheritance?"

The robot responded by stepping down on a hidden switch, with a booted foot. A control panel opened on the ceiling. She deftly pulled a lever with one of her many hands and the outside entrance to her compartment snapped shut, sealing me in! 

She spoke for the second time, "This compartment has been created for your complete privacy. The walls are soundproof, X-ray proof and impregnable, without the identification of your fingerprints." This was ominous. I could not get out and no one else could get in!

The fetish robot continued, "In this sanctum you are required to be completely open with your emotions and have no inhibitions. You must learn to come outside of yourself. "

"I am not outgoing and am by nature shy. "This is not easy for me. I don't even know your name or what you wish to do with me."

The robot said, "I did not say that this would be simple for you. The professor has entrusted me to aid you in overcoming your inhibitions."

"Please don't be offended, if I tell you that I am intimidated."

"The fact that I intimidate you has been anticipated. I have 8 arms and stand 7' tall in my high heeled boots. My accessories are of double thickness and are coated with a silicon compound to make them extra smooth, scuff and rip free. My appearance and clothing have been designed to invoke both your lust and fear. Yet it is important that you know that by robotic law I do not wish to cause you any serious injury. "

The robot continued, "I have been instructed to methodically break down your defenses and inhibitions by using my extensive heuristic database of psychotherapy. I do not possess human feelings, so there are none to hurt. You also cannot actually damage my physical attributes; including my clothing since everything they have been ruggedized. 

I could not totally believe this situation, so I asked the robot,"What do you wish me to do first"? She did not respond verbally, but replied by her actions.

A second pair of hands gently lifted me off the ground, while four other rubber gloves busied themselves by delicately removing my clothing from top to bottom. My clothing was efficiently placed in a hidden compartment in the wall. 

One thing that struck me about the robot was that her gloves fit perfectly like a second skin and never bunched or wrinkled. Also before she would operate one of her many controls, she would often caress it first and then engage it with a slight flourish, which was very effective at teasing me.

I stood dumbstruck staring at the robot with my fully exposed erection. The robot made no attempt to speak again. She showed apparently infinite patience. Her only movement was occasionally one of her shiny gloves would twitch slightly or clench itself, which was very distracting due to my own rubber fetish. 

About a minute went by before she reached into a pocket in her raincoat and produced a remote control in one of her hands. The control had a simple joystick, with a red button on top of it. The android proceeded to operate her remote did. When her index finger pushed the red button I felt a shock of static electricity at the bottom of one of my feet, of the intensity of when one touches a car door on a winter's day. She paused a full minute, adjusted the joy stick and another shock hit me in the buttocks from a now exposed tiny transmitted in the rubber walls.

The robot spoke briefly, "My shiny gloves can operate many different devices, which I will use as tools to compel your reactions. All of the steps of your treatment have been pre-planned."

I could not figure out why the robot was giving me shocks, if she was a gift from my uncle? He wouldn't want me to get hurt? As I puzzled this, the robot gave me one more shock in the chest from another transmitter on the opposite wall. 

I still didn't response and she did the most surprising thing of all. One of the robot's smooth rubber hands rested on another lever, as it materialized mysteriously from the floor, while a second hand reached out to lightly graze my erection! 

As the hand from my manhood was removed the android other rubber glove gave the floor lever a good pull and the floor beneath me, went up on a slant while the rubber wall opened up. I was ejected from her booth! I ended up on the basement floor on my butt. I saw some lettering appear on a retractable screen on the rubber wall. "This device will be locked for the next 6 hours!"

After starting at the screen in disbelief, I tried to composed myself and go upstairs, yet the sensation of the robot's hand on my sensitive penis did not go away for close to a minute! It was about 10 PM and I decided to watch some TV for a while, to try to escape the trauma of what just happened to me. I was able to muddle through some mindless programs for an hour or so and attempted to fall asleep, for the night. 

I kept on waking up about every half hour and falling back asleep with a vague recurring type of dream about trying to figure out something intangible and elusive. I finally woke just after 4 am with my hand on my crotch thinking that it was the robot touching me. By coincidence, the 6 hours had just passed!

During my TV shows, I had even considered getting rid of my new gift, but I was too obsessed with the mechanical rubber goddess and began to wonder more about her vague objectives. Clearly I wasn't happy with what happened in the cocoon. My behavior did not meet the robot's expectations, since she threw me out. I even tried to even show tolerance to the robot while she gave me periodic shots of static electricity, but she would not endure me in the situation!

It occurred to me that I was thinking too much about what I did wrong and not about how to make sense out of what the robot was telling me. This was a painful revelation, because it forced me to accept that the rubber robot had the upper hand over me and that everything was on her terms. 

There was no other choice than to face her again, yet I could not wait to be in her presence despite the unpredictability, of what she would do next.

Since the six hours were up, I was prepared to meet her again immediately. First I needed to show up naked, because she stripped me herself. I found myself running down the basement steps again going down two steps at a time!

I ran to the back of the basement and noticed that the "locked" sign on the rubber box had disappeared again. I touched my fingers to the box and it opened again slowly in its own inimical way. The robot was not visible in the outer part of the box, so I touched my fingers to the inner door. This door opened, from the bottom up slowly to reveal its occupant inside!

The android had changed her clothing! The rubber raincoat was replaced with a black silk knee length dress! It accentuated rather than hid the robot's remarkable proportions. She had changed her leather boots for a pair of black patent leather boots, with 6" stiletto heels which most definitely thigh length as they continued up under the hem of her dress. The 8 short sleeves of the dress, did not diminish the marvelous lines of her outfit, but made her form look more exotic. Each arm encased in a black leather opera length glove, fitting like a second skin! The android also wore a thin eye mask.

I walked right up to the android, "I'm glad to see you again today!"

Since she was wearing no hood, I could see that the robot's hair was a gorgeous platinum blond hue and pin straight. It was worn at a length which reached well beyond her shoulders and softened the look of her black wardrobe. Her face was blemish free porcelain with perfect delicate features in contrast to her large dramatic eyes and lush lips.

She did not respond verbally, but grasped two of my hands again, as she observed me quietly. The contact of her soft cool leather gloves with my skin caused the butterflies in my stomach to go into flight and another automatic erection. I took a moment to admire the exceptional beauty of the android and I did not know what to ogle first, but this time became fixated this time on her full sensuous lips and hair. I realized the fact she was not human did not reduce my attraction to her, but somehow amplified it. Also her unpredictability contributed to both my excitement and lust.

Two other gloved hands came up and each gave my nipples a soft pinch, before they started to vibrate softly. This felt good, but I am very ticklish so I twisted away involuntarily. Yet nothing I did could remove her hands from my nipples! The leather of her gloves had joined to my skin! She also anticipated and tracked my motion, before lifting me off the ground with two other hands to better control my movement. 

The android's other 2 hands were placed on my ribs with each of her fingers adhering to a sensitive position. The robot let go of my own hands and placed these leather gloved fingers at strategic points as they became glued to my arm pits. The android startled me by addressing me.

"You have returned to me in just 1 minute over six hours and have presented yourself in a satisfactory format. As the robot spoke I could feel and occasional touch of her individual fingers on my sensitive nipples, ribs and my underarms. I had feared that I was going to be tickled until I went loopy, but this wasn't so. I was becoming lost in the robot's soft gloved caresses, pokes and vibrations, which were sampling my reactions and becoming continually more effective in bringing me to ecstasy. Imagine my frustration, when the android stopped abruptly and put me down on the floor. 

I began to plead with the robot," You can't just start to work me up and then drop me in the middle of what you were doing! You won't even tell me your name!"

The exotic mechanical woman took a step toward me and literally placed a patent leather boot right in front of my face and spoke to me.

"It is no coincidence that my boots have a polished surface, which show a faithful depiction of the image which you present to me."

I could see my face clearly in the reflection of her boots. It was twisted with frustration. I remember feeling this way and hesitating during my last visit, just before she kicked me out of her rubber booth. I vowed not to repeat this error. I needed to speak to the android.

"You speak to me in metaphors, mechanical goddess! I wish to understand what you say, so you don't eject me again. "

"Since you seek to understand and realize the importance of dialog I will not remove you. From now on, you must now request to be removed. As the robot spoke, one of her leather gloves pulled the lever again which closed the door to her rubber box."

This situation was no less ominous.

The robot rocked her tall boot on its heel in a slow teasing motion and puckered her lips at me before stepping down on another hidden switch. A small panel opened in the adjacent wall revealing a panel with two small white buttons. The robot's gloved hand caressed each control in her teasing fashion before abruptly pushing each button in rapid succession.

A small hole opened up in the ceiling of the rubber room and delicate white flake like objects began to waft down from the ceiling. They were large enough to make out their pretty geometric patterns. The room began to cool slightly and it seemed just like a pretty diversion, until the flakes stopped before they reached the floor and seemed to form loosely together and head directly towards me!

When the first flake touched me it landed on my nose softly, but did not melt. I looked cross eyed at the small object as it turned on its side and began to spin as it lightly grazed my nose. My head jerked back! I recognized the tiny device as a nano-bot. It was a microscopic device with a task, which was to tickle me!

Thousands of nano-bots began to swarm on me, sampling my reaction to the stimulation of their micro bodies. Apparently they communicated with one another and drove me loopy by tickling me in very sensitive places in a sequence, which I could never anticipate. 

These were flying particles, so however I dodged away they were always quicker than me. As much as I feared the robot's ire, after a few seconds I asked her in as firm a voice as I could muster, to please stop these dreadful miniature robots. She immediately clapped two of her hands together and the robots simply fell to the floor and melted harmlessly, on the rubber floor!

I felt embarrassed lying on the floor with a huge boner. The tickling from the nano-bots almost forced me to cum, even though they didn't touch my groin area, which was by design to tease me to the maximum extent. I found the robot staring at my erection. 

"Thank you for stopping the nano-bots."

The robot responded, "It is not necessary to thank me. My services are dedicated to you. I observe that a good tickling gets your penis hard."

I turned red and then composed myself, "I still wish I had a name for you."

"If this is necessary, you may address me as "me".

"If you don't mind me saying, that's pretty strange!"

"This is not strange. You continue to miss the point, but since you are trying I can offer assistance. As I stated before, the reflective surface of my boots reveals to you your own image. It is appropriate for you to call me "me", since my actions are a direct reflection of you, as I train you to come outside of yourself. We are part of the same system, which provides feedback to itself."

"I think I understand, but it is disorienting for me to call you me". May I touch your boots?"

"You may engage them and they will respond in kind."

I began to kiss the long shafts of one of the robot's boots and found myself reaching under the hem of her silk dress. I discovered that the boot continued up over the android thigh. As if I was caught stealing from a cookie jar, her other boot stepped down gently on my penis as a soft gloved hand cupped itself over my nose and placed me slowly down on the floor. I tried to push back somewhat, but her gloved hand seemed as infinitely strong as it was gentle. As the robot turned facing away from me, four hands picked up slightly off the ground while a fifth delicately placed my boner between her tall boot shafts.

Similar as to the behavior of her gloves, the android's patent leather boot shafts molded automatically to my penis as she began her slow rubbing gyrations. I first felt a gentle caress of my balls and shaft, as the boots were purposely missing my very sensitive cock head. Yet in a moment I felt the patent leather brush around my cock head as if it were a feather and then let go and give attention to other less sensitive areas of my penis. The sensitivity of the robot's "boot job" was more honed than a very experienced and talented hand.
