 This is my attempt at a "porn parody" (for lack of a better description) of Ancient Greek mythology. It is not a direct adaptation of any one story, but an original tale made of tropes and archetypes pulled from several Greek myths. The intention was not only to create a work of erotic fantasy, but an epic saga that paid loving tribute to the poets and playwrights of antiquity.

Thank you for reading. Please enjoy.

Chapter 7

Poised on her golden throne aloft Olympus' peak, Hera looked down. She saw the bastard son of her husband climbing and fighting his way through the forested mountains of Macedon, and her heart filled with loathing. This spawn of her husband's infidelity could not be allowed to live any longer, and he certainly could not be allowed victory.

Yet Hera was ever mindful of great Zeus, at rest on the ridges and craggy heights of Olympus beside her. How could Queen Hera outmaneuver Zeus the mastermind, with his battle-shield of storm and thunder? At last, one strategy struck her mind as best.

Hera strode to beckon Ares away from the other gods. She whispered, "My son, I need your love of strife and battle for a favor, away from the eyes of your father. Would you grant me such a favor, whatever I may ask?"

"Father Zeus and I bear no love for each other," he replied. "Name your desire, mother Hera, and I will be eager to cause whatever mayhem can be done."

They withdrew to conspire in private.

***

Hera then visited the bedchamber of Aphrodite. "Dear child," she said, quick with deceit, "I must borrow those powers you use to overwhelm all gods and mortal men. I am off to the House of Death, for I have been called to settle an argument between Hades and his queen, Persephone. For the sake of continued peace in the underworld, would you grant me the power to lure them into each other's arms?"

Aphrodite, with her everlasting smile, replied "It would be impossible -- nay, wrong to deny such a warm request, especially from she who lies in the arms of mighty Zeus."

With that, Aphrodite thrust her heart-bewitching cestus belt into Hera's hands. "Wear this band," she said, "and I know you will not return with your mission unfulfilled."

"I thank you deeply for this favor," said Hera. The goddess then withdrew to her room, the chamber her loving son Hephaestus built her, locked with a secret bolt no other god could draw.

With divine ambrosia, Hera cleansed her enticing body of any blemish. She then massaged her skin to a soft glow with a deep olive rub, the breath-taking and redolent oil she kept beside her. She combed her hair, twisting her braids with expert hands. Sleek, luxurious, and shining down from her deathless head they cascaded.

Then she took the enchanted cestus belt and put it into place beneath her breasts. Round her shoulders she swirled wondrous robes, pinning them across her breasts with a golden brooch. Her waist was sashed with a band that floated a hundred tassels.

Now, dazzling in all her rich regalia, Hera sped in a flash to Zeus who gathers the clouds. At one glance, lust swirled over him and his immortal heart raced. He rose before her and savored the feel of her name on his tongue.

"Hera," he said in awe, "where are you rushing? What wild desire brings you from Olympus?"

Filled with guile, the noble Hera answered, "I am off to the underworld, to visit Hades and Persephone, and to dissolve a feud between them. My chariot stands ready at the gates of Olympus, but I have come now to visit you, Zeus. I fear that you may flare in anger against me if I should go in secret to the House of Death."

"Why hurry, Hera?" asked mighty Zeus. "That is a journey you can make tomorrow. Now, come. Let us go to bed and lose ourselves in love! An irresistible longing for your embrace has overcome me!"

"Nay, husband, I shall not lay any more with a man who has been so unfaithful to me so many times." Hera's back was turned as she said this, so that Zeus could not see the grin on her face.

Though her words were hurtful to Zeus' ears, his eyes were no less entranced. "My dear queen!" he exclaimed, "I have told you countless times that no consort could take your place in my heart! I have taken many other women, yes, but I would not take any of them to replace you as my wife."

With a hand on her shoulder, he turned her around to face her. "You are the loveliest woman in all the cosmos. Your beauty is never far from my mind, and yet I have never been more overcome by your beauty than at this moment!"

He moved to kiss her, but Hera stopped him with a hand. She continued to play with his lust. "You say such flattering words to a wife who has repeatedly done harm to your consorts and your bastard children? You bear no ill will for my acts of vengeance?"

"You were justified in every act of retribution against me," said Zeus, proving that lust had completely driven the king of all gods from his senses. "I would forgive and forget every one of them, if only you would continue loving me. Do you love me, my queen? After all the times I have wronged you, do you still love me?"

Hera looked deep into his eyes and replied with an honesty that startled even herself. "I do," she said, shortly before pulling away once again.

"Even so, you burn to make love on the heights of Olympus for all the world to see?" she asked. "Think of the scandal there would be if one of the other deathless gods were to see us!"

"As you wish," Zeus answered. "We shall go to my bedchamber, with unbreakable locks of dear Hephaestus' craft. And I will wrap us round in a golden cloud so dense that not even the Sun's rays, the sharpest in the world, will pierce the mist and glimpse us making love!"

With that, Zeus lifted his wife into his arms, and they retired to his bedchamber.

***

The very instant they were concealed from all disturbance, Zeus held his wife tightly against him. He was desperate to taste her tender lips, her flexible tongue, her soft cheeks, her shapely neck, and all the rest of her sweet olive-rubbed flesh. Hera submitted to all of her husband's desires, gasping and moaning in a seductive manner at his affectionate kisses and touches. She dug her fingers into his back, eager to pull his chest toward hers.

Zeus' hands caressed her waist, searching blindly for the tasseled belt encircling it. The belt came undone at his touch, followed by the golden brooch, and Hera's robes collapsed at her feet. She stood before Zeus entirely naked, save only for the cestus belt that held her ample breasts.

The enchanted belt and all of Hera's preparations had a powerful effect on the king of Olympus. To his eyes, her flawless skin glowed with radiant beauty. He was entranced by the cascading braids of her hair and the gentle heaving of her wondrous bosom. Yet she could see that his eyes were drawn to her legs.

Hera rubbed her shapely thigh, the better to bring attention toward her silken lips. "How shall I serve you, my lord and husband?"

In a flash, Zeus cast off his royal garments, leaving those shining robes in a pile on the floor. "I would have you tend to my arousal," he said, "as I taste your sweet sex!"

With his enormous hands, he lifted Hera and spun her upside down. He held her aloft with bulging and ageless muscles, bringing her close enough to lick deeply and hungrily from her eager vagina. As his rapid tongue sent overwhelming waves of pleasure through her body, Hera reached out to put the world's largest and strongest penis into her mouth.

She delighted in the feel of Zeus' manhood turning impenetrably hard at her touch. He grew to an enormous size that would have broken a mortal woman in two, but Hera's godly lips were able to accommodate him. The divine beauty sucked and stroked him with tight, moist lips, aided by a tongue and a neck that could never tire. She pleasured him with increasing and unrelenting speed, all while moaning uncontrollably at the pleasure he gave her.

Hera's skilled mouth drove Zeus into such a frenzy that he hungered for more of his wife's sex. Her dripping crotch was eager to yield copious amounts of discharge that tasted sweeter than divine ambrosia to Zeus' lips. There was so much of the glistening syrup that Hera could feel it trail warmly down her tight belly and through her cleavage. Zeus' mouth continued to probe deeper, and Hera's mouth continued to reward his efforts.

The reciprocal bliss was so overpowering that Zeus and Hera could feel themselves melting into each other. Finally, Zeus said "I can wait no longer, my lady."

"Take me, great Zeus," she answered. "I long to feel this inside of me!"

Hera set her palms against the floor as Zeus lowered her. His powerful hands gripped her sensitive thighs, holding them up while spreading them apart. The god's stiff arousal pointed directly to the sopping and quivering entrance of his wife. The two of them moaned with great pleasure as Zeus moved to penetrate Hera.

The god of thunder quite literally humped her with the force of an earthquake. Every one of his rapid thrusts sent powerful vibrations through the wet and responsive folds that clung so tightly to his member. Hera cried out repeatedly, her mind clouded by the overpowering friction of her husband's cock and the feel of his firm grip on her thighs. Yet she still hungered for more.

"Harder, my lord!" she cried out. "Keep fucking me harder!"

The tremors spread rapture through her entire body. Hera's nipples had grown painfully erect as her breasts swayed against the cestus belt, yet she was forced to keep her hands planted on the floor. Her clitoris had become fully engorged, screaming out for a touch that Hera could not provide.

It was all too much. In one movement, Hera arched her back all the way up until it was pressed against Zeus' chest. She reached back to wrap an arm around Zeus' thick neck while her other hand furiously rubbed her clit. Zeus remained thrusting all the while, holding his wife's thighs while standing upright.

Hera craned her head up and backward to take Zeus' lips. They kissed passionately, as Hera probed Zeus' mouth to taste her own juices within. "Take my breasts," she moaned. "My bosom cries out for your touch, mighty Zeus!"

The god gently relinquished his hold on the goddess' legs, letting her feet drop to the floor. "Let me see them," he said, withdrawing his cock from inside her.

Hera turned to face him. Her luscious breasts were pointing straight outward as her nipples stood erect and full of arousal. He bent down to obligingly kiss and suckle them as his hands worked to undo the cestus belt. The enchanted garment soon fell to the floor and the responsive mounds held within bounced free.

Zeus' great hands massaged those soft orbs and kissed their eager nipples as his lips and tongue wandered over her chest. He came upon a drop of sweet syrup that had dribbled there earlier from between Hera's legs.

The goddess arched her back in joy as her husband's tongue lapped up the trail of her arousal. He followed the liquid between her soft breasts, all over her smooth abdomen, and between her shapely thighs, taking in every drop as he went.

Hera's fingers grasped her husband's thick hair as his mouth and fingers explored her inner thighs. Every time his touch grazed her sensitive folds, she let out another loud gasp. Her clitoris was so engorged that it sent pulses of need through her whole body.

Finally, she lifted a knee onto Zeus' shoulder. With her fingers, Hera spread open her lips to show the dripping pink flesh within. "Again, my love," she commanded. "I need you inside me."

"I can see that," said Zeus, with a glint in his eye, "and I will grant the satisfaction you need." He put a hand on Hera's raised thigh, running his hand along her leg as he stood up. Hera had one foot on the ground and the other held atop Zeus' shoulder. The two stood facing each other, with her breasts eager for attention and her vagina spread wide open.

Zeus leaned in to kiss his wife, and heard her shout with bliss as he thrust inside of her. He reached down with his free hand to grab her ass while fucking her senseless. Meanwhile, Hera put her arms around Zeus, pulling him close to squeeze her tender breasts against him.

She broke their kiss to set her head on his free shoulder, screaming and moaning with delight at the sensations racing through her body. He relished every cry of "Oh! Oh! Oh! Ah, yes!" next to his ears. "Don't stop!" she pleaded. "Almost... almost..."

A moment later, a single sound escaped her lips. It was a note higher than any mortal or godly instrument could produce. Zeus' heart nearly burst with joy to hear such pure and sweet music. Hera's euphoria rang out for a long and blissful moment as her ageless muscles spasmed in her husband's arms.

Hera set her foot back on the ground and kissed her husband deeply. His cock had stopped humping for the moment, though it was still hard with arousal and still coated with lubricant inside his wife's warm flesh.

"Shall we continue?" asked Zeus, "Or would you dare leave me so unsatisfied?"

"Let us go to the bed, my love," Hera replied with another kiss. "Sit on the cushions and let me tend to your energetic shaft."

Zeus grudgingly withdrew his penis, leaving it fully erect in all of its mass and dripping with Hera's juices.

"I have had my fill of foreplay," said Zeus as he moved to sit on his opulent bed. "My loins yearn for release."

Hera put her hands on his broad shoulders and straddled his colossal manhood. "Oh, my lord and husband," she said. "I will grant the climax you so badly seek."

Hera lifted up her legs to plant her feet on the bed behind Zeus. Her thighs were spread open before Zeus, and he wasted no time placing the throbbing tip of his prick against her moist opening.

"Not there, handsome Zeus," Hera said with a glint in her eye. "Place it a bit further back."

Zeus grinned widely as Hera moved her hips forward, the better for Zeus to position his tip against his wife's waiting anus. The goddess arched her back and screamed out as she lowered herself onto him. Though Zeus' member was slick with Hera's sweet lubricant, it was still an enormous pillar of flesh pressing through a very tight and very sensitive opening.

Hera moved downwards onto Zeus' cock in perfect rhythm with his upward thrusts inside of her. Zeus held his wife's jiggling buttocks, grasping them firmly to separate them as he pounded her ass. Hera reached downward to pleasure herself with one hand, furiously rubbing and stroking the flesh that had climaxed in pleasure only moments ago. She had also taken one of her breasts in hand, leaving the other breast for Zeus to suckle aggressively.

All the while, Hera's bowels clenched in rhythmic pulses around the god's mighty prick, pulling upward as they tightened around the vibrating organ. Zeus grunted and roared at the feel of such powerful suction and friction around his manhood. He pumped as hard and as fast as his deathless muscles would allow, filling Hera's deepest and darkest places with heat.

"Do you like that, Zeus?" she asked loudly. "Do you like the feel of my tight ass?"

"It's amazing, sweet bedmate," he moaned. "Don't stop!"

After many long hours of heavenly bliss, Zeus' loins had finally come to their climax. With a roar that echoed through the vast and opulent bedchamber, Zeus filled Hera with warm, liquid joy until she was taken over the edge as well. She climaxed once again with her fingers rubbing her sex, her hand tightly grasping her chest, and her husband's penis between her buttocks.

They kissed as their climax passed. Their minds were so flooded with bliss that they had quite forgotten how and why they had come to lie together.

"My lord, you were wonderful," Hera said, "but I still yearn for more of your passionate touch. Pray tell me that your loins have not lost their strength so quickly."

As she said this, Hera leaned back until she was lying parallel with the floor, her hands gripping his powerful calves. The queen Hera's body was completely stretched out before Zeus, leaving him to admire her taut stomach, her flawless skin, her gorgeous breasts, and her large round eyes. Hera gave such an alluring view that she could feel Zeus stiffening again inside of her.

"I?" shouted Zeus. "I, the king of the gods, rendered impotent after one climax? Nay, Hera, my shaft will continue to pleasure us both until such thoughts have gone from your head!"

With that, the king and queen of the gods continued to lose themselves in love for many long hours more.

***

Unbeknownst to Zeus, the lovers were trapped inside their bedchamber. In his haste, Zeus had failed to notice the warlike Ares hiding outside the chamber door. At Hera's instruction, Ares locked his immortal parents inside, wrapping an adamant chain around their door the very instant it had been closed.

It would be many days before the chain would be broken and the door unlocked. Even so, Ares could not risk acting openly and allowing word of his deeds to reach Zeus later on. He needed an agent to act on his behalf, and Ares knew where to find one.

***

It was a bright sunny day when Tythoros and his company had reached the Vardar River. Sidrophus, now dressed in the pelt of a deer they had hunted a few days prior, had begun unfurling a long and sturdy rope from his pack. Callioa took one end while Tythoros tied the other end around his waist.

"You may proceed when ready," said Sidrophus.

After a pull on his rope and a nod toward his companions, Tythoros dove into the river. Though the cold and swift waters raged around him, Tythoros' mighty limbs carried him forward. Most other men might have drowned in the attempt, but Tythoros had such godly strength that he could easily swim across.

He was of course dripping wet upon reaching the other side, but there was no time to dry off. Tythoros could only warm himself for a brief moment before holding his end of the rope high above his head. Across the river, Callioa did the same.

"Ready!" Tythoros shouted to his companions.

"Ready," said Callioa to Sidrophus. At this signal, Sidrophus reached to grab the suspended rope. Taking care to move quickly without shaking his lifeline too much, Sidrophus climbed his way across the river while being held aloft by his companions.

"Good work, Tythoros," said Sidrophus as he set foot on the opposite bank.

"It was a good plan," replied Tythoros. "Now perhaps you would be so kind as to gather some firewood? We shall need the warmth very soon."

Sidrophus agreed and set to his task. Meanwhile, Callioa was tying the group's supplies together with her end of the rope. When the packs were secure enough for her satisfaction, Callioa stood at her riverbank and tugged the rope firmly with both hands.

At this signal, Tythoros began pulling on the rope with all of his incredible strength. Callioa frantically kicked upwards to keep herself and the gear above water, all while holding onto the rope as firmly as she could. The work was so tiring that Callioa was gasping for air and shivering from the cold water, her clothes and hair completely disheveled, when Tythoros pulled her onto the bank across.

"I pray," she coughed, "we never have to do that again."

"I quite agree," said Tythoros as he helped her up. "You did very well."

"Can we take some time to rest before going further?" she asked while adjusting the pelts of her clothing.

"We have both earned a moment to rest," said Tythoros. "Sidrophus has already started gathering firewood."

At that very moment, they heard the voice of Sidrophus himself from the nearby woods. "Weapons!" he cried out. "Draw your weapons, quickly!"

Sidrophus came running out of the woods to meet his companions. Behind him was a fully-grown horse with wings and hind legs like those of a rooster. It was a hippalectryon, one of those elusive and passive creatures that roam forests away from the sight of man. This particular one had been peacefully wandering a short distance away until Ares drove it mad with bloodlust.
