 This is my attempt at a "porn parody" (for lack of a better description) of Ancient Greek mythology. It is not a direct adaptation of any one story, but an original tale made of bits and pieces pulled from several Greek myths. The intention was not only to create a work of erotic fantasy, but an epic saga that paid loving tribute to the poets and playwrights of antiquity.

Thank you for reading. Please enjoy.

Chapter 3

As swift Hermes guided Tythoros to the palace of Thebes, an enlightening dream flew from the top of Mount Olympus to the bed of slumbering Ammochrusios. Hovering at his head rose the vision of a handsome young man with oak-brown hair and vaguely familiar blue eyes.

"Listen to me, quickly!" the dream cried out. "I bring you a message sent by Zeus, a world away. Let no loss of memory overcome you when the sweet grip of slumber sets you free, for you must remember this face. The man you see now will appear to you again tomorrow. He must be shown every courtesy of your house, or the thunderbolt's powerful wielder will bring his wrath upon you!"

***

Ammochrusios was left to ponder this dream through every waking moment of the next day. His mind raced with questions: Who was this man? Why was he so important to Zeus? Could this be the trick of some malicious spirit?

"Father?" said a voice.

Ammochrusios was so distracted mulling over his options that he failed to notice the approach of his own son. The young man's blonde hair and surprisingly tall stature made him all the more difficult to miss.

"What is it, Sidrophus? Has Xalchon returned?"

"Not Xalchon, my lord," said Sidrophus, "but a stranger who appeared at our door. He insists on meeting with you, though he rambles with delirium about being sent by the gods on a quest of redemption. Shall I send him away?"

"Bring him to me first," replied the old king.

Mere moments later, Tythoros was carried into the central court by two royal guards, one under each arm. Alas, Tythoros had been left by his immortal guide outside the city gates. Without the god to grant him strength, and with no rest or food over the course of his journey, Tythoros was quickly bereft of energy.

Still, as tired and filthy as Tythoros was, Ammochrusios had no difficulty recognizing the face that haunted him all day.

"I pray you," whispered Tythoros. "Let me speak."

Though the king was cautious of his own nightly vision, this sight compelled him to obey it.

"Speak?" he asked. "Young man, you can barely speak at all in your state. Sidrophus, take him to a bath. Let our guest be washed and rested with fresh garments to wear when he tells his story over supper tonight."

"I admire your charity, Father," Sidrophus replied, "but do you think it wise? Do you know this man? Are you sure he can be trusted?"


"First of all, boy, do not dare to question me" said Ammochrusios. "Secondly, I am placing this guest in your charge. You will ensure that his needs are tended to and you will be responsible for watching his conduct. Is that clear?"

Sidrophus bowed. "Yes, my lord." At a wave of the king's hand, Sidrophus walked away, followed by the royal guards carrying Tythoros.

"My lord is most generous," croaked Tythoros as he was led away.

Ammochrusios found his concern slightly diminished, but he was given something else to worry about shortly after. The doors to the central court had admitted still more visitors to welcome.

"Hail, Ammochrusios!" Xalchon's voice rang throughout the court.

"Xalchon," said Ammochrusios with audible relief. "Well met. How went the journey to Delphi?"

"Uneventful," Xalchon answered as they clasped hands. "The journey back was far easier."

Indeed, though Xalchon's entourage appeared tired from the long trek, no one seemed too much worse for the wear. What's more, Ammochrusios had little doubt that their travels home were far easier without the treasures brought to offer the oracle.

"Were you successful?" asked Ammochrusios. "Did you ask the oracle about the fate of our next military campaign?"

"We did," Xalchon lied, though his next statement was true. "The oracle would only say 'Beware of a weary stranger who comes to seek redemption.'"

The old king immediately turned pale upon hearing these words. "You must be mistaken!" gasped Ammochrusios. "A weary stranger came to the palace not two hours ago!"

"Did he speak of redemption?"

"I was told that he rambled on at the gates about being sent by the gods for absolution. Xalchon, if the gods themselves protect this man, then we cannot harm him without risking their punishment. Our enterprise is doomed to fail!"

Xalchon retained his nerves. "Patience, Highness," he said. "Let us walk together and plan how we might turn this to our advantage."

***

"Your story is a most unbelievable one," said Sidrophus. The sentiment was shared by Ammochrusios and the rest of the king's family, though they all listened with rapt attention as Tythoros told his story over dinner that night.

"I know it," admitted Tythoros. "Even so, I swear by Hermes' golden wand that every word is true. Yet whether or not the gods led me here, my lord, my beloved wife still lays dead and I am still responsible."

"You feel guilt for defending your own life?" Cleia inquired. It was Xalchon who answered.

"Even in self-defense, sweet Cleia, murder is an offense punishable by exile."

"That is true," said Tythoros. "Even so, I have no desire to return to that city."

"Have you no property in Athens?" asked the old queen, Cuphora. "Have you no family or place of employment?"

"Aloche was the last of my family, and nothing in Athens means anything to me without her. I could never hope to continue my life until the guilt for her murder is purged from my heart."

Ammochrusios leaned forward onto the table of the banquet hall. "Why did you come to me seeking penance for your wife's murder?"

"It was the will of the gods," stated Tythoros. "I was given no other reason."

"I see," said Ammochrusios as he leaned back.

"My lord," Tythoros continued, "if you still do not believe me, I beg you to assign me a task anyway. For my own peace of mind and your benefit, please give me this chance for redemption."

"And how far would you go for such a chance?" asked Xalchon.

"I would give my life as payment for Aloche's death," answered Tythoros.

At this answer, Xalchon and Ammochrusios traded glances. The king nodded to his son-in-law.

"To your fortune," said Xalchon, "we have been hearing some strange reports from our allies to the north. It seems that many strong men have gone missing in the kingdom of Thrace, and giant man-eating insects have been sighted in the forests."

"There are rumors," Ammochrusios added, "that the cause is a monster called 'Dusedre.' A terrible creature with poison that could kill the mightiest soldier."

"Is anything else known about this monster?" asked Tythoros.

"Information is scarce," Xalchon pointed out, "because anyone who might know more about the beast would be long dead."

"It would benefit us to rid our allies of this creature," said Ammochrusios. "Your task is to find Dusedre, kill it, and bring back its poisoned barb as proof."

"I would gladly attempt such a feat as penance for my crime," replied Tythoros, "but is there any more news or assistance I may have?"

Ammochrusios gestured to his son. "Sidrophus will provide whatever weapons, armor, and supplies we can spare. After that, he will join you on your quest."

"You shall journey for absolution," said Sidrophus, "and I shall journey to prove myself a capable warrior."

The two young men stood and clasped hands. "I am grateful for your help, good Sidrophus, and I look forward to knowing you better. When can we leave?"


"Come to the armory at daybreak," replied Tythoros' new companion. "We leave tomorrow."

***

In Xalchon's bedchamber, there lay a young woman with dark brown hair and flawless olive skin. She could barely restrain herself from screaming with joy when Xalchon arrived there after dinner.

"Oh, my love!" said the woman, showering him with kisses. "My strong lord Xalchon, how I have missed you in our bed!"

"Darling Klinopa," replied Xalchon, "my journey was brief, yet I ached for the touch of your skin through every moment." They kissed deeply as he held her waist and she pushed her chest against his.

It was a joyful moment between them, but Xalchon had to finally break the kiss. "What news among the other servants?" he asked. "Have you gained any more support?"

"Every Theban in this castle knows the sharp-eyed Xalchon's valor," reported Klinopa. "They see that Ammochrusios grows older and weaker by the day. Some remain loyal to the king, but they are easily outnumbered. Most were already inclined to follow their senses. Some others," she added with hands on her sumptuous chest, "were persuaded to follow their loins."

Klinopa was barely more than a child when Xalchon won her in a chariot race almost a decade prior. In the time since, she had grown into one of the kingdom's most beautiful concubines. It gave Xalchon immense pride to know that he had shaped this woman into such a loyal and attractive plaything.

"I am very pleased with this news," he said. "It means that the throne is good as ours."

"Then the oracle foretold our triumph?"

"Not exactly," Xalchon admitted as he went to sit on the bed. "When I asked if our plan would succeed, she said only 'Beware of a weary stranger who comes to seek redemption.'"

Klinopa frowned. "I heard that such a stranger came here today."

"And he will be gone tomorrow. Ammochrusios himself will send the stranger north to kill a venomous beast. If the fool actually succeeds to fetch a weapon from this monster before we kill him, so much the better. If he dies in the attempt, none the worse. Either way, he will be no trouble to us in our enterprise."

Klinopa moved to sit beside him. "And what about the rightful heir?"

"Poor Sidrophus will be out proving himself as a warrior beside our unlucky stranger. One problem solves another."

"Then what else do we have to wait for?" Klinopa eagerly asked.

"Ammochrusios is planning his next military campaign. When he publicly calls for Thebes to prepare for war, then you shall be the concubine of a king."

Klinopa brought her lips close to his ears. "And then," she whispered, "the wife of a king?"

"Absolutely, my love," Xalchon lied calmly, enjoying the feel of her soft, tender lips planting aggressive kisses on his neck. Klinopa's hands patiently explored the fabric of Xalchon's clothing, feeling the granite muscles and intimidating scars underneath. But Xalchon was not in a patient mood that night.

He grabbed one of her hands and brought it to the bulge between his thighs. "Your attention belongs here," he said. They both knew it was meant as an order, and Klinopa was sincerely happy to comply. Xalchon straddled her as she sank to her knees and raised the skirts of his tunic.

Very quickly, Xalchon's phallus was uncovered. Klinopa had seen it so many times before, but she still idolized this perfect tower of flesh. She saw this organ as the ideal of masculine power and beauty. It was man's greatest gift, an unending font of ultimate happiness for both sexes.

Xalchon's cock was long and thick enough to make most women flee in terror, but this was the only one that Klinopa had ever known. She and this phallus had pleasured each other so frequently, over such long periods of time, that she was well-accustomed to the feel of his tip at the back of her throat.

Klinopa not only made love to this phallus, she worshipped it. Every stroke of her hand was done with gentle affection. She licked his shaft from base to tip as slowly as she could, savoring every moment of his stiff and responsive flesh against her tongue. She got a thrill from the feel of his balls as they squirmed and moved in her mouth. Klinopa especially loved moving her tongue around that magical spot just under very tip of his member, hearing those wonderful moans of joy when she did so.

This was a kind of submissive behavior that Xalchon couldn't get from anyone else, certainly not the daughter of a king. Klinopa was the only one who truly made Xalchon feel as powerful and beloved as a god. When Klinopa gave him that look of selfless adoration from between his legs, Xalchon felt the closest thing he ever knew to love. Even so, he got far more enjoyment from the feel of her warm, wet, enthusiastic tongue against his throbbing manhood.

Finally, Xalchon's shaft had reached its maximum length. Klinopa stroked his cock with decreasing speed while giving its tip a series of short and quick kisses. Xalchon knew what was coming, and he was just about to take it by force.

At that preise moment, Cleia walked into the bedchamber. The two lovers didn't cease their activity, and Cleia was far too used to the spectacle to care. She calmly closed the door behind her.

"Good evening, sweet Cleia," said Xalchon, though he was irritated by her timing.

"Good evening, my lady," said Klinopa, though she was far more focused on the task at hand.

"Well met," Cleia replied. "The children are all finally asleep."

"And what of – Ah! – Sidrophus?" asked Xalchon, groaning just as Klinopa took his length into her mouth.

Klinopa passionately moved her lips back and forth against his cock, using her hands to gently stroke his gonads, as Cleia replied.

"Excited to finally be proving himself," she said. "Sidrophus can barely sleep, much as he needs to."

"You worry... too... much... about... him!" Xalchon moaned. By now, he was holding Klinopa by the hair and thrusting himself in and out of her mouth.

Cleia knew better than to interrupt at this point. Xalchon was smashing his manhood into the girl's throat with all the speed and force she could take. He was clearly working toward the point when sheer pleasure would overwhelm his capacity for rational discourse. Klinopa was gagging too loudly for Cleia to be heard, anyway.

Sure enough, Xalchon eventually let out a loud and prolonged grunt of dominance as he held Klinopa's head firmly against his crotch. Meanwhile, the slave girl dutifully and gratefully swallowed every drop of her master's hot discharge. Klinopa even licked her lips in delight as they released each other.

"Are you quite finished?" asked Cleia.

"Finished, my sweet? No, Klinopa was just about to start again, and I expect you to help her this time."

Xalchon's tone afforded no argument, so Cleia could only reply "As my husband wishes." Not that she necessarily minded, of course. Her husband was indeed skilled with his good, strong cock, and though she and Klinopa had their differences, the latter was a beautiful and pleasant young bedmate.

Cleia knelt down, taking his cock in one hand and his scrotum in the other. Klinopa sat to the side, massaging the powerful muscles in Xalchon's thigh. They shared their lover's phallus, wrapping it completely in their warm breath and their moist, eager tongues.

Xalchon knew there was a rivalry between his wife and his concubine, and he did everything possible to encourage it. Cleia was the first to take him inside her mouth, dribbling saliva over the head of his cock before passionately sucking him off. Klinopa took her turn, vigorously shaking her head while keeping her tender lips wrapped firmly around his prick. Cleia knew just how to use her teeth, gently grazing him in a way that sent shivers through his spine, but Klinopa was blessed with a quick and flexible tongue to rotate around his tip.

They continued in this way, each woman working to prove herself more gifted at oral pleasuring while passing the phallus between them. And while one woman was sucking his head, the other was licking his shaft. Xalchon watched the mutual jealousy with delight, grunting and moaning as their competition brought renewed vigor to his loins.

When Xalchon's prick had once again become fully erect, it was Cleia who felt his arousal in her mouth. She responded by reaching for the clasp to undo her chiton, casting the fabric aside. Motherhood had been very kind to Cleia, blessing her with curves that might have been the envy of any woman.

Indeed, Klinopa was instantly distracted by the sight of Cleia naked. After all, as much as Klinopa loved her master, Cleia was her mistress as well. She owed Cleia her love and service, and the mistress' exposed sex was clearly in need of both.

Klinopa laid upon her back and slid her face underneath the crotch of her mistress. While Cleia had her husband's entire length in her mouth, she moaned with pleasure at the feel of Klinopa's expert tongue against her sensitive folds and light blonde curls. Klinopa was moaning into Cleia as well, for the concubine had reached down to pleasure herself while pleasing her mistress.

Xalchon relished the sexual excitement and passion of Cleia's oral performance. Yet through the haze of his own sensual ecstasy, he kept looking down – past the apple-shaped ass of his wife – to see Klinopa's growing arousal. It was intoxicating to watch those long, pretty fingers so vigorously rubbing those smooth young folds. He listened to Klinopa's muffled screams of joy while watching those fingers grow coated with thick layers of sweet juice.

He had to have it. Xalchon extracted himself from the mouth of his wife and stood. "Get up, Klinopa," he commanded.

Both ladies stood. Xalchon reached over, ripped the clothes from Klinopa's body, and pushed her onto the bed. Klinopa was on her back, and Xalchon pulled her ass to the very edge of the bed.

"You must continue pleasuring your mistress," said Xalchon. At a gesture from her husband, Cleia got onto the bed, her knees straddling Klinopa's heart-shaped face. Cleia immediately resumed moaning as the concubine got back to licking and sucking on her engorged mound.

Klinopa reached up to rub her mistress' inner thighs, using her thumbs to open Cleia's slippery entrance. Cleia could feel the girl's tongue probing ever deeper, and she responded by grinding her hips back and forth against the girl's face. At the same time, Cleia began pleasuring herself, rubbing her clit with one hand and a nipple with the other. Every muscle in her body was singing with joy.

Klinopa's tongue started moving even faster as Xalchon spread her thighs open and took in the girl's juices. Xalchon slowly and deliberately stroked himself while flicking his tongue against her sweet inner folds. Klinopa's hips bucked heavily at the feel of his hungry lips so deep into her pink flesh. Cleia cried her approval of the aroused moans and the excited tongue against her sex.

Finally, Xalchon stood up and slapped the head of his cock against Klinopa's slit. He penetrated her, burying his cock to the hilt. At that exact moment, Cleia felt Klinopa's blissful scream echoing through her whole body. It was enough to make Cleia give a joyous cry just as Xalchon did the same.

Xalchon's enormous hands grabbed hold of Klinopa's big, olive-skinned breasts, squeezing their sumptuous bulk without mercy as his unyielding rod plowed into her over and over. Xalchon's entire being glowed with satisfaction at the feel of his concubine's warm and welcoming vagina. His thrusts were powerful enough to send vibrations up through Klinopa's body, through her mouth, and into Cleia's dripping hole.

"Xalchon!" cried Cleia, "I want you inside me!"

"Do you?" asked Xalchon.

"Yes!"

"Beg me for it!"

"Please, my lord," begged Cleia between moans. "Do you see my wet, dripping sex? I need you inside me! I need your strong cock inside me!"

"No!" gasped Klinopa. "Sorry, my lady! Just a little more, I'm begging you!"

Xalchon redoubled his efforts, deaf to the screams and pleas of his wife. He only cared to hear the muffled cries of his concubine as her back arched and her muscles seized up. Klinopa grabbed Cleia's thighs even harder, pushing her mouth even further into Cleia's soaking mound.
