 We had spent the day in the mountains because of a family thing. Most of the extended family was there, otherwise we would have blown it off. 

She had on her red shirt dress with snaps instead of buttons. She looked really nice, she wore make up that highlighted her beautiful eyes. Her hair was perfect. I had on my baggie shorts and an oversize shirt.

She had a few glasses of wine but I was driving, so I stayed sober. We rolled out from the party close to sunset. We pulled onto the interstate and there was hardly any traffic. We were making great time.

She suddenly pulled a bag from then back seat and got the magic mask out and put it on.

"Hello human. It's good to see you again." She said in her Venus voice. 

I reached for her leg and she slapped my hand away. "I told you before that no mortal man may touch me."

She then adjusted the seat back so she was partially laying down. She started to slowly run her hands over her stomach and her breasts. 

"I can see in your female's mind that she gets excited when you give her breasts attention. She likes you to suck on her nipples and lightly bite her breasts." She said in her deep sexy Venus voice. 

She unsnapped her dress down to her naval and opened it to expose her breasts. She started to massage her breasts with both hands. She was pulling on her nipples and running her hands up and down her body. As she was doing this her body was sliding around on the seat in a snake like motion. It was hard to keep my eyes on the road.

"You better watch the road human." She said between her moans. "I can also see she loves to have her pussy played with."

She undid the rest of the snaps of the dress. She opened the dress, fully exposing her sexy body. One hand moved down to her clean shaved pussy. 

With one hand playing with her breasts and one starting to rub her pussy she says, "I see she likes her pussy licked and sucked on too."

She put her legs up on the dashboard and spreads her knees as she was playing with herself. I doubt she noticed or cared about the cars and trucks we passed. It was pretty dark out but if any trucker happened to look down at the right time he might have seen a little show. I know that was true after I flipped on the overhead light so I could see better.

She was running both her hands over her body, up and down over her breasts and her pussy. She stopped one hand at her pussy and I could see that she was fingering herself. Her fingers were moving in and out of her. I could smell her pussy and she smelled fantastic. Her other hand was pulling on her nipples. It looked like she had three or four fingers inside herself. This was fucking hot.

I could hear that she was getting close to having an orgasm. Her breath was coming out in short bursts almost like she was panting.

Her wrist was moving faster and faster as her fingers slid in and out. She arched her back as she tried to get her fingers deeper into her pussy. Her head was rocking back and forth. It was getting almost imposable for me to watch the road. 

She suddenly said "Pull your cock out of your pants human. I need something else to play with." 

It wasn't easy but I got my zipper down and my hard cock out. She grabbed my cock with her left hand and continued to play with her pussy with her right one. Right away her stokes on my cock matched her movement on her pussy.

"Holy shit." She said as her hips lifted off of the seat. 

They came back down and she let go of my cock. She then leaned over and took me into her mouth. I was so turned on that it didn't take me long before I shot my cum into the goddess's hot mouth. Once again she took all of it down. I'm amazed I didn't crash the car.

Afterwards she sat back, fixed her dress, removed the mask, put it back in the bag and went to sleep.

When we got home, I didn't see her remove the bag from the car and she never said anything about the drive. When I asked her about it later she acted like I was crazy and she didn't know what I was talking about.