 When I first thought of this story, I hesitated to post it because it's going to be a little slow at first. Those of you just looking for a quick fap story, you're going to be disappointed as I like to build on my characters and get a good foundation in so hopefully you'll keep coming back for the story as much as for the sex. Besides, who doesn't like a nice, long tease? More chapters have been written and will be posted as soon as I can get around to editing them down to the point where I'm satisfied with them. Feel free to leave any comments and constructive criticisms you may have, I know my writing is not perfect and I'm always looking to improve. Thanks in advance guys and I hope you enjoy.



Chapter 1 - Rafe Bostik

"Oh Gods yes! Fuck me harder!"

The suddenness of the woman's scream of pleasure shattered the quiet murmur of the patrons around us. I stopped contemplating my beer long enough to look over the rim of my mug at them. Almost as one they looked to the stairs, then to the ceiling above and then down to us at the back of the room. I almost couldn't blame them. I mean, not 20 minutes in the town of Wolfesrahm and our group was already causing trouble. That was something we could ill afford this close to the Middenlands. I shrugged my shoulders and went back to looking at my beer. After a few seconds, the conversations resumed and I thought the last of it. 

I glanced up when I heard a sound. Well, a sound other than Dodger upstairs with our waitress. 

Sigurd the Joyous was praying. Of course he would be. With his long, braided hair and wild, unkempt beard the North-man looked the part of a barbarian but he had a deep soul and a moral core that few could guess existed. I knew he liked to cultivate that image of himself because he was not good at communicating with people and it typically kept them away. I didn't keep him around for his skill at speaking though. Many a time his fervent ministrations and sturdy shield had pulled me from the fires, both physical and not. His lined face would have looked at peace if it weren't for the way his lips curled back in a quiet snarl, each syllable was spit with venom and his eyes never left the ceiling. I would have to warn Dodger to stay in his good graces for a while, he looked as though he would ring the little rogue's neck as soon as he stepped back into the common room.

My eyes jumped over to the source of the sound I had heard earlier. Tietra Von Seyhardt had gasped. Her face was flushed and she looked as though she would bolt at any second. I watched her flinch every time the bed upstairs scraped against the floor or hit the wall. I could see the panic in her eyes when a scream of pleasure broke the silence for a second time. I couldn't blame her, she was 18 and fresh out of an imposed exile at a nunnery. Her father had locked her up at the first sign of of a courting gentleman and refused to let her go. Sigurd and I were in the area when an incursion of beast-men had destroyed her home. Not wanting to return to her father, she decided to come with us. Despite traveling with us for the past few months she had not acclimated to dealing with the opposite sex. It was almost cute watching her reactions. I could see her slightly pointed ears starting to turn red. She looked over at me and I stuck my tongue out at her. Childish, I know, but when she brought her hand to her mouth to stifle a laugh I knew I had been successful in distracting her.

"Ohhhhh! Deeper! Deeper! Oh Gods!" the waitress screamed, at the top of her lungs it seemed. The barkeep looked up and then stared at me. I could feel waves of jealousy and hate coming off of him. I shrugged and shot him my most charming smile. His scowl deepened. Oh well, I thought, doesn't work on everyone. I stood up and went to the open door. The sun was making it's final descent for the day and shadows had started to close in. Footsteps approached me and I felt a soft hand rest on my forearm.

"Sigurd, my how you've scrubbed away those callouses..." I started to say. Tietra's other hand slapped me in the back of the head.

"Very funny." She said, leaning into my side. "Is he always like this?"

"Who? Dodger?"

Her raven tresses bobbed when she nodded her head.

"Well...Think about it like this." I reached into one of my pouches and pulled out an apple. I sliced off a piece for her and she began nibbling on it. I don't have many vices but there are three things I can't turn up: a good beer, a bad woman and a fresh apple. "When you were in the nunnery, what did you do when you were in a bad mood?"

She turned her brown eyes up to me. "I took comfort in the gardens and some of the sisters sang..."

"Right..." I said, greedily stuffing my mouth with another bite of apple. "Well, different people handle things different ways." I waved my apple in Sigurd's direction, "'Ol Oakhead there prays. Always has, always will. It's just his way of dealing with things. Dodger, well, Dodger is Dodger. He can't help himself really. I think he sees the world as a walking pair of tits."

Her blush returned with a vengeance and she looked down in embarrassment. I cut off another hunk of apple and all but waved it in front of her nose. She took the bait and her soft brown eyes rose again to me. She took a few more small nibbles out of her apple and fixed my gaze.

"You left someone out. What about you?" 

"Me? Well, I like to..." and I quickly bit off an overly large chunk of apple. 

"Yes?" she inquired.

I indicated my full mouth and shook my head. She laughed and gave me a little punch in the ribs. The patrons again looked in our direction. 

"Not fair Rafe. You should tell....Please?"

"Fine!" I exclaimed, "In my darkest mood...."

She drew closer to me, almost conspiratorially, right into the trap. I grabbed her by the ribs and ran my hands up and down them, instantly drawing giggles from her.

"I brighten my mood by tickling beautiful girls!" I let her go and she steadied herself against me. From behind me I hear several murmurs.

"How inappropriate...."

"Such lewd behavior..."

She looked back into the common room and the voices silenced themselves, embarrassed to be caught. Maybe they're right, I thought, but I didn't care. I've lived a hard life. I have so many scars that my scars even have scars and I've earned each and every one of them. If I could have said that I've only taken one lesson away from all of it, it's that no matter what happens I plan on living life to the fullest. If that means that I act immature and sometimes do things that aren't socially accepted, well too bad.

Tietra stopped her giggling and blushed anew. She gave me a long, scrutinizing look and hesitated before she spoke. "Do you really think I'm beautiful Rafe?"

I ran the back side of my hand along her cheek and down her chin. I felt an almost imperceptible shiver course over her body.

"Of course I do Little Bird." I knew she hated my nickname for her but no protest was forthcoming. I felt more than saw her lean into me. Her face tilted ever so slightly. I looked down at her and brushed the hair from the side of her face and tucked it in behind her ear. Another of those shivers. Stick with the classic moves I thought. I could see her breath catch in her chest and I leaned in to kiss her. I could feel her breath, our lips almost touched....

"Oh yes! Right there! Just like that! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...." The waitress screamed again. There was a loud thump and Tietra jumped back. Her face flushed again and she ducked outside.

"Gottagetsomeair." was all I heard and she rounded the corned.

"Fucking great Dodger. Thanks. That was a perfect moment ruined..." I walked back to the table and dropped into the chair beside Sigurd with a heavy sigh. He lowered his gaze from the ceiling and stared at me with his faded blue eyes. 

"That girl..." His thick accent marked him as a Northerner, "She likes you... I don't know why she likes you but she does." He narrowed his eyes at me, "But she is just a girl. She's impressionable...."

"I know, I know." I said with a smile. "But to be fair, you were married and had children at her age."

He gave a chuckle, I've never seen him smile, and he shook his head. 

"Completely different thing my friend. Northern women are more fierce than Northern Men. At her age I was the one being warned by my father." 

I laughed. It was a good laugh and something I needed after the tenseness with Tietra. He just stared at me and I could tell he wanted to say more.

"Just don't....do anything I'd make you regret Rafe." I stopped laughing and gave him my best serious look.

"I didn't have any plans. And you know I wouldn't hurt....her...." My grand speech about responsibility was interrupted when something warm and wet landed on my head. Only a drop at first but then several. I looked up and was rewarded with a splash of something on my face. I raised my hand to wipe away whatever it was and Sigurd's eyes grew to the size of saucers.

"By Yslie's virtue...." he started and looked upwards. I looked up, almost afraid of what I would see. 

Blood was running through the cracks in the ceiling, dripping down in thick runnels. I jumped up and started running for the stairs.

"Dodger! What the hell did you do!" I screamed as my foot hit the first step. Before I could hit the second, Tietra burst in through the open door with tears running down her face. 

"Oh Gods did you hear?" she cried, "Emperor Adalbrect was assassinated....We're at war..."

I stopped in my tracks. War? I looked up at the ceiling and sighed. What next?