 I was getting a little concerned, I was enjoying what she was doing when she was wearing the mask but the fact that she claimed not to remember the events later made me a bit nervous. She was also getting a little different without the mask on. There was nothing that I could put my finger on, but she just was not quite the same. I figured it was time to have someone look at this so called magic mask. At least I could have it apprised. 

The problem was, I couldn't find it. I looked everywhere in the house that I could think of. No mask, no red dress, not even the bag they came in. I looked in her dresser, in all the closets, the basement, even the garage. When she came home, I snuck out and went through her car, no luck. I didn't want to ask her, I somehow knew that that would be a bad idea. I could not think where she could hide it. I'm not sure why should would hide it. Maybe it was gone.

We have been trying to have children, but the doctors told us that that would never happen, something to do with how her tubes would not let the eggs pass. We were devastated. It was taking her a long time to get over the loss of the idea of us having a family. She didn't even what to make love to me. We talked about adoption but she was not interested in that. She was just starting to talk about having intimate relations with me again, that's why I bought the mask and dress. I thought it might help her to step outside of herself a little bit. I never dreamed things would get so out of control.

The next time I saw the mask started with her wearing her bath robe, no mask. She really surprised me because she was supposed to be at work. I walked into the living room and found her waiting for me with the lights set low and some candles lit around the room. There were rose peddles all over the floor. A dining room chair was sitting in the middle of the room and the coffee table was missing. I thought that this was a good sign that there was no mask involved here.

She asked me to take off my shirt. She had me sit on the chair that was sitting in the middle of the room. She walked behind me, then she blindfolded me. She tied me hands behind the back of the chair. Next my pants and underwear were pulled off. She then tied each of my legs to one of the chair legs, one on each side. She removed the blindfolded and she was standing in front of me with the red mask and dress on. She also had on red stiletto heels.

"Hello human. I guess you're happy to see me. I feel like dancing today." She said in her deep sultry Venus voice.

She turned around and put on a CD. It was one I never heard before. Some kind of sensual stuff with a hot beat. She started to dance and sway to the music with her back towards me. She has a fantastic ass and I couldn't help myself, my cock started to get stiff. She turned around and smiled. 

"I like this female's body as much as you do, human, but I might make some changes to it." She said and as she started running her hands over my wife's body while she danced.

She was dancing with her eyes closed as she started to move towards me. She ended up right in front of me and it was an amazing sight. She was swaying back and forth in that sheer dress wearing those heels, if I could lean forward I would have started to rub my face into her sweet pussy. She slowly moved around me until she was dancing behind me.

She ran both her hands down my chest to my cock and then back up to my shoulders. She spent some time nibbling on each of my ear lobes and running her tongue around and into my ears. My neck was the next body part to get the work over. She sucked on it and bit me until I couldn't stand it any longer. Venus was lightly running her fingers over my chest while she was attending to my neck.

Every time she touched me, shivers ran up and down my body. She reached around and pinched both of my nipples as she continued licking and sucking on my neck. I couldn't help myself, I let out a moan. 

She moved out in front of me and slowly slid the dress down over her body to the floor and stepped over it. I could swear that her breasts were bigger than the last time that I saw them. They were fantastic perky breasts with puffy nipples that were hard and demanding my attention. They weren't puffy before, not that I'm complaining but something was definitely going on here. Was the mask really magical and was the goddess Venus actually standing in front of me? If this was true, what should I do about it? Right then I was tied to a chair naked with a hard on. It seemed prudent to go with the flow for now.

She put one of her fingers into her mouth and then used it to circle her hard nipples. I couldn't believe it but her nipples actually got larger after she did that. She took her other hand and slid a finger inside her pussy. In and out her finger went until I could see her pussy lips opening up. She pulled her finger out and put it into my mouth. It tasted fantastic, I always loved the taste of my wife's pussy but I thought this tasted even better.

I was starting to believe in the magic of the mask. Could it all be my imagination? The changes to my wife looked and tasted real. I did like the direction things were going, was that wrong of me? Venus is one sexy goddess.

She took her finger out of my mouth and replaced it with her tongue. When we were done kissing I could hardly catch my breath. She moved down to my nipples and sucked and bit each of them in turn.

"Every time she wears my mask I gain more power over you and your female. I promise you that I will give you both more pleasure then she ever thought was possible." She whispered into me ear.

She stepped up to me with a leg on each side of my lap.

"It's time to start to pleasure me, human."

She put one of her nipples into my mouth so I run my tongue around it and then sucked on it like I was trying to nurse. Then I lightly nibbled on her with my teeth. I also licked and bit around her areola. She moved her other nipple over for me to play with. I got to suck on both nipples back and forth for a while until she was ready for the next step of her foreplay. 

She sat down on my lap so that my cock was pressed up against and between her pussy lips. She looked into my eyes and stated to move up and down so that my cock was sliding between her lips and over to her clit. This was so freaking hot. My cock was getting soaked with her juices as she stroked me with her pussy. Her breath was getting heavier and faster. I needed to fuck her so bad.

"Can I speak?" I quietly asked. 

She looked at me like she wanted to smack my face but instead she said, "I am going to allow to speak just this one time human."

I looked over her sexy body and said "I need to have you sit on my lap so that my cock is completely inside your sweet hot pussy." 

She looked at me for a second and then leaned over and kissed me lightly on the mouth. Then she bit my lower lip. 

She told me, "Your prick will need to grow some before I let your seed enter my holy womb mortal. It's a good thing for you that I can make that happen."

She touched my cock and I swear I felt small shocks run up from my balls to the head of my cock.

Venus said, "Your penis will start to grow until I find it desirable. It will as large as Vulcan's hammer. " 

I don't know how to explain it, but the thought of my member growing as large as a god's hammer was definitely turning me on. 

"I will make sure you two are well satisfied until your cock is ready." She told me.

At this point my whole body was on fire with lust. She put both her hands on my shoulders and looked into my eyes. She rocked forward and quickly dropped down onto my lap. My cock slid fully into her ass in a one quick motion. I have no idea how she did that without her hands, but at that point I didn't really care. She had me locked in with her mesmerizing eyes as she rode up on my hard cock and drove back down. She hardly even twitched as she slid up to the point where I was almost completely out of her ass then she would slap her ass cheeks against my legs. Up and down she went on her wild ride. This was not something that my wife and I would normally have done. I was getting close to filling into her sweet ass with my cum. 

Venus told me, "I will tell you when you can release your seed my human, you are mine to command now."

She keep ass fucking my cock until my balls were ready to explode. Our eyes were locked as she continued to ride my cock and I really needed to get off. 

All of the sudden her eyes started to flutter and she said, "Cum with me human." 

Her body began to shutter and her pussy started pouring fluid over my lap. My wife had never ejaculated before. I started to explode inside her tight ass. Her eyes rolled up in her head and I swear I heard someone scream. It might even have been me.

I must have passed out because the next thing that I was aware of was me standing under the shower. I looked at my now soft cock and I would have to admit, it looked longer and thicker then I remembered it being. It must be wishful thinking, even though I'm not that small to start with. I finished in the shower and dried off. I got dressed and went down stairs to find the house clean of rose pedals and the room was back in order.

My wife came in the front door and called out, "Hi Hun, I'm home, do you feel like going out for dinner?"