 It had been a month since the Makaria, and Saris did not know how to feel.

On one hand, she was assisting in all matters regarding her son. The council stopped doting on her, but Jovan had kept his lips tight whenever she suggested something. So far nothing ill had befallen the duchy, so she must have been doing something right.

On the other hand, she had received this power from a man who was infatuated with her and who she, most recently, has started to think of in a positive light! She wanted to hate him, to dig her nails into him and tear, but she also wanted to relive the years when they were young!

Back then, they were unstoppable. They interacted with dignitaries and ambassadors, observed the royal court and attended prayer in the great cathedral. She wanted to have that again, just a taste, and watch men grind their teeth in jealousy and women curse her for being arm in arm with the prince, now king. Back when they tumbled in the gardens. The gardens where he plucked a flower and tucked it behind her ear before reading one of his new poems. Usually about her.

It sickened her that she remembered it so fondly. Or did it sicken her because she knew she was wrong, and Alexander was innocent? Or did it sicken her that even now she imagined Bran, high in heaven, judging her for being so weak as to think about the man who killed him.

Her soul was a whirlwind of emotions and Saris yelled out in frustration and fell back on the bed. She had not even changed, and it was well past noon. She might as well stay here all day and wallow in her indecision.

There was a knock on the door that drew her from her stupor. "Irene?" she called out. When the familiar brunette was not seen, because Saris quickly remembered she had dismissed her for the day, the former duchess got up and opened the door herself.

"A message for you, your grace," Amur said and held out a letter. "Seal of the capital."

"Thank you. Where is the duke?" she asked.

"He is showing the city off to Lady Yennefer, your grace." Saris wanted to groan in frustration, but knew better than to do so. Amur's smile was much too pleased to give him the satisfaction.

Her son was taken from her, by the daughter of a most venomous woman. Even now she could imagine it. She would laugh at all his jokes, lean in and whisper something naive in his ear, and of course she would play with a man's need to protect. It was the same way when Saris was with Alex!

And... perhaps that why she was so angry about it. She was envious of the younger woman, because she was experienced what Saris had been missing in her time as a wife and mother. She wanted to feel young.

"Saris are you okay?" Amur asked. She raised an eyebrow at him, and immediately waved her hand.

"Yes. I was thinking of things." She sat back on her bed and reached for the letter opener on her desk and broke the seal. Adjusting her demeanor and appearance as if she were looking in a mirror, the former duchess began to read what she had been sent.

---

In the name of his majesty King Alexander Lukaric II, you are invited to serve as steward of the realm and manage the affairs of the kingdom. You will be provided with special accommodations and afforded the respect and prestige deserved of your title.

You are expected to bring a single trunk of your belongings as new attire befitting your station will be provided upon your arrival to the keep. The income garnered by such a station is to be determined by your effectiveness to perform your duties to the crown.

If you do not wish this assignment, and refuse your invitation, the offer will be nullified within two weeks from the time signed at the bottom of this letter. We look forward to hearing your answer, and look forward to seeing you in the capital.

In the name of House Lukaric and the sovereignty of the Kingdom of Svetirat, may peace reign eternal.

- Grand Chancellor Stanislav Lazarevic

---

"You are kidding," Saris said to Amur. "He is actually asking for me to go to-" She crumpled the paper and threw it at the wall. "Bastard!"

But she was only angry at herself, because deep down she really wanted to go to the capital and serve the kingdom. And that meant sitting in the same room as the man who killed her husband. The man who admitted he loved her and would never stop.

"I do not know what to do," Saris said. The dusky skin man sat on the edge of her bed, patting her shoulder as her face was buried in the pillows.

"I think, as your friend, I should remind you that you are past thirty?" Amur chuckled. "You know what you need to do."

"No, I do not!" Saris whined. "Amur, he killed my husband!" She did not inform the man other things the king had said. "And now he wants me back at the capital to help him rule?"

"It is a very prestigious honor. Why would you not go?" Amur rubbed her shoulder again. "You are quite good with managing coin."

"I do not want to be in the same room as him. I cannot stand to look at him." She flipped over to her back. "And then there is the matter of Visarion-"

"He is a man, and though you may disagree with his council they are able bodied men. They will guide him, and I will do my best to bring attention to all things he may miss in the city."

Saris felt a hint of relief, but her body still revolted against the idea. She looked up the ceiling and pinched the space between her eyes. "I need to get out. Can you-"

"I will wait outside. We can go get dinner." Amur slipped off the bed and left the room, leaving her alone to bathe and get dressed.

And dress she did. Without Irene, she was left to her own skills to make herself presentable. She tucked her hair behind her ears, pinned it there with elegant ivory brooches. She slipped into a silk gown of spilled wine and fashioned her waist with a velvet belt. She wore a simple necklace and dusted the top of her breasts with a hint of powder.

"Come on, Saris," she told herself in the mirror. "Compose yourself. You can do it." She took a deep breath, and counted to ten.

"I think you could smite anyone with how you adorn yourself." Amur laughed and escorted Saris out of the keep. 

The city was busy as the shops closed and the nightly gatherings opened. The eastern corner clubs and hookah dens opened their doors and brought forth patrons, while the western taverns and brothels did likewise. Nightly prayers had finished and the hungry, tired congregation from both doctrines interwove between the two culturally different places. It was beautiful, and a wonderful promise in the face of what had once been.

"That is one good thing his majesty did," Amur commented and pointed to a hookah den.

"What?"

"Even after the battle, he made peace and allowed tolerance. Believe me, when I say we used to fear walking with our turbans or veils back then."

"The battle of Ubizek?" Saris squeezed Amur's arm as she said it. "The day Milorad died."

"And King Vlach. It was a truly sad day." Amur slipped his arm free of Saris' own. "We thought the streets would run red with our blood, throughout all the kingdom. We may live together, eat together, intermarry and breed-but we are not equals in each other's eyes."

"I thought we were going to get food, not have you depress me further?"

"Sorry, your grace. I just remember it vividly.

"As do I..." Saris whispered as she pulled the man close and slipped her arm back into his. "As do I."

The incident was pushed from her mind by sheer force of will, and the lemony zest of skewered chicken. Saris was grateful she decided to bring a handkerchief, to wipe the corners of her mouth when the zest grew too much to handle. Amur was chuckling, as they sat on a nearby bench.

"What?" she asked as she took another bite.

"The way you eat. Very queenly." Amur was smiling.

"Oh hush," she said and went to take another bite. She stopped herself when two women approached her, both easterners.

"Assam, your grace!" one of them said, her smile wide behind her veil and headwear.

"Assam," the other gave a curtsy, and lacked the headwear but kept a veil. "We pray we are not bothering you?"

"Assam. No, I am just... out and about." Saris handed what remained of her dinner to Amur and rose, cleaning her fingers with her handkerchief. "Can I help you young ladies?"

"We just could not believe the duchess herself would be about the streets," the fully clothed girl said. "We wished merely to greet you, and thank you for all the good work you do."

"Oh, how very kind." Saris gave a curtsy. "My goal is to keep the future safe for all of us, in any way I can." She could bask in the praise for a bit longer. It felt good someone was complimenting her without a motive.

"I told you she was kind," the veil-only girl said. She did not speak the common tongue though, flaunting a dialect of speech Saris knew just as well as her own tongue.

"What do men see in her though? I want a noble husband. Do I need to have a lax appetite?" The two looked back to Saris and bowed, before switching to the common tongue. "Thank you for your time your grace. May Ishtar guide your feet and Anu keep your winds fair."

"Of course, girls." Saris gave a polite wave and sat back down, before calling out to them in the same tongue they had spoken in privacy. "And there are secrets you will learn as you grow older." Both girls froze and darted off.

"That is one thing I will put against his majesty's credibility; the schooling is lax. Surely they would know the former duchess would be fluent in En'ish?"

"I had excellent tutors, once Visarion was born. I always sat with him as they taught. Surely I would pick up something?"

"Being an overprotective mother is in your blood, hm?" Amur chuckled and took the stick from her as it was picked clean of food. "They do make a good point. You eat very... nibbly."

"A queen is to watch her figure. That is what my mother told me." Saris felt her lips wilt. "I think I broke her heart that day."

"It was not in the web Enlil had woven for you, Saris." Amur sighed. "But you would have made a wonderful queen."

"I feel like you agreed to take me out for some other reason than friendship." She turned to Amur, and crossed her legs. "And you were quite quick to accept my need for company... Do you not have work to do today?"

"I do. But I have pushed it away because I intended to talk to you, regardless." Amur cleared his throat and took the former duchess' hand. "You should go to the capital."

"You knew what was in the letter before you gave it to me?"

"The courier was rather arrogant and bigoted, assuming I am a servant rather than a lord. I thought it best to..."

"Stick your nose in my business?" Saris dug her nails into his hands. The way he winced was satisfaction enough, for now. "You are more troublesome than Mansur when it comes to things..."

"But I mean what I say. Saris, the king needs you. We need you." Amur looked about the square, and even around the fountain they sat under. "I fear there is someone at the capital tearing a rift between us."

"Us?"

"Easterners and westerners. My comment about not being equals was truth. They say if you are robbed in the capital, overcharged, the current steward sanctions it."

"Me being there will not fix anything, Amur. It will only... make me feel worse. Bran would-" she was going to continue further, but Amur interrupted her.

"Sari, Bran is dead," he said plainly. "And of all the duchies, ours is the most tolerant. You could change things."

"But..." Saris sighed and let Amur's hands go. She looked up to the darkening sky and frowned, wondering if there was a power higher mapping the future for her. If there was? She wanted to strike it down and scream.

But in the end, in her heart, she knew what she had to do, and spent the entire evening thinking on what she would say to the man who mattered most in her decision, who she knew she could rely on.

"Mother?" Duke Visarion asked, taking off his cloak and handing it to a nearby guard. "You wanted to speak to me?"

"Yes." Saris took her son by the hand and walked with him to the keep gardens. "Your father loved to garden."

"I know, mother." Duke Visarion frowned. "I am quite busy. Did you wish to speak of flowers?"

"No... I just do not know what to say, dear." Saris took a seat on a nearby bench and took her sons hands and squeezed them. "Your mother has been asked to serve as steward to the king."

"That is a good thing, is it not?" The duke cocked his head to the side. "You can help make the land a better place?"

"I am sure I can do something but..." Saris bit her cheek. She struggled with the words, even though she had said them to others as easy as it is to walk. "He is the man who killed your father."

"He said it was an accident."

"You spoke to him?"

"He remained at father's Makaria a few hours after he crowned me duke. He was kind, and looked so very sad for what had happened."

"But, Vessy, he killed him. He killed your father and my husband!" Saris felt like she was a raving madwoman, crying out the truth and watching it fall on deaf ears. "He... he is..."

"He is the king, mother." Duke Visarion let her hands go. "And he looked so very sad."

Because he knows he hurt me. Saris sagged her shoulders and frowned. She dug her nails into the silks of her gown and felt like screaming, something she was very good at. And yet she received an affectionate hug from her son, a tight squeeze that chased away fear, and gave her a shoulder to bury her dampening eyes into.

"You should go, mother," the duke said as they broke from their embrace. "It is right. You can do so much for us all, and I think father would approve of that."

Saris sat alone in the garden after her son excused himself, to make ready for his nightly duties as duke. He was so much more confident in it now, so sure of his ability and the people aiding him. She had to wipe her eyes as she realized her son was no longer hers. Without him to care for, she had nothing.

She made her decision that night, as she sat in her nightgown looking out the window. In one hand she held the folded letter Alexander had given her. She had never opened it, but also never had the courage to throw it out. She exhaled softly and opened it. Her eyes read the words on the paper; the true words of the man who killed her husband.

---

Azucena, blooming freely and fair How cherished and beautiful you are With petals pure as ivory and gold. You sing with every caress of air.

I watched you blossom with joyous tears, and Never wished to see your petals wilt so. I foolishly did not watch where I stepped, And buried you beneath oppressive sand.

I cannot fix what I have done to you, But I can make you blossom true once more. Azucena, I can protect thee, Even from what others foolishly do.

Azucena, blossoming in the sand, With petals of ivory and gold true, I will protect you, with all my strength bare, No matter how they my body brand.

---

Azucena, the desert rose. Alexander used to call her that, in anything he wrote about her. Everyone knew who he was speaking of, and when he paraded his work publicly for the court she always blushed when she heard it.

I had no choice, he said. He attacked me.

"Why did he attack you, then?" Saris asked the night sky, as she set the paper down. "Can you answer me that?"

Even her dreams provided no answer, as Saris stood at the docks with two trunks of her belongings. She squeezed Irene tight, and kissed her son goodbye, as the rest of her familiar entourage bid her farewell. Even Jovan, who appeared more relieved than anyone else.

"It should be a day or two sail to Lukastan, your grace. You may as well get comfortable. Your cabin is ready." The shipmaster saluted and returned to the helm.

"Comfortable?" Saris laughed when she was alone. "I feel like I am walking into the mouth of a lion, bound in iron weights by the ankle."

[Please rate and comment! Everything helps me become a better writer!]