 -Dodger

"What in the Yslie's fuzzy navel are we doing in this hellhole Rafe?" I said, surveying the landscape around the city gates. Wolfesrahm, the sign said. Might as well be Wolfesarse.

Sigurd turned to me first. Ugly bastard just stared at me. I dislike him. Always trying to keep me from having my fun. 

"Would you not..." he began.

"What?" I smarted off, "Take her Grand Holy Name in vain?"

He stared at me for a few more seconds and then shook his head. I waited until he turned his back to give him the finger. I heard Tietra gasp off to the side. Oh if I had my way, I thought, you wouldn't be able to gasp. I could just picture her on her knees, my cock in her mouth, not being able to say a word. The mental image got me hard just thinking about it. I made sure she was watching me when I reached down and adjusted my crotch. Her face flashed red and she hurried past Rafe into the city. Yeah, she wants me, I thought.

Rafe was busy digging in his bag for something and didn't notice. He fished around for a second, completely ignoring my question and came up with a scroll tube. My eyes narrowed at the flash of gold and I recognized the seal of the Baroness of Marianberg. Sigurd held out his hand and Rafe placed it gingerly into his meaty paws.

"What the fuck Rafe? I asked you a question." I didn't particularly care why we were here. There was nothing this close to The Middenlands except mud, mud, mud and occasionally a rabid beast-man trying to tear your guts out. When the civilized lands got rid of their monsters, they sent them over the walls and border cities like this were formed as way-points for the patrols keeping them out. 

"Take this to one of the court officials. Put it in his hand yourself. Her orders." Rafe clapped Sigurd on the shoulder.

"Ja, ja," Sigurd said, almost in protest, and headed away from us at a slow pace.

I waited for Rafe to buckle his pouch before pulling out my dagger. I kept my voice nonchalant as I picked at my fingernails.

"Ya'know, the last person that ignored me ended up with a permanent smile..." I intoned with all my menace. Rafe simply smiled. Then he changed. His eyes flashed a deep purple, his pupils narrowed to vertical slits and he wasn't smiling any more.

"You wouldn't be threatening me..." He paused for effect, I couldn't help but back a step away. He followed me. "Now would you Dodger? Because I know you wouldn't be that stupid..." Almost instantly his smile returned and his eyes faded back to their somber gray. "How about a beer buddy? It's been a long day and I bet you could use it."

"I....ummmm..." I stammered, "Uh...yeah. Yeah a beer would be good..."

He slapped me gently on the shoulder and laughed. No matter how many times I've seen him change, it still scares the hells out of me. I know he's a good man, I've seen it. But he has a dark side and I've never seen anyone that can do what he can do in combat. I shook my head, it was stupid to think I could scare him. 

Rafe took a few steps away from me without checking to see if I followed. He stopped and waved and in the distance I could see Tietra. He continued his pace towards her and I could see her smile as he neared. Made me wanna puke. There's no way I'd let Rafe get her before I had my chance. I stepped off to the side down an alleyway and made my way to the other side.

I stepped out of the alley into the fresh air of a market. The shadows stretched before me as the sunlight played off of the tops of the buildings. Perfect cover for a man such as myself. I stepped into the thinning crowd, my hand deftly sneaking into pouches and cutting purses. I hold the belief that if you can't hold onto your riches, you don't deserve them. I never stayed in the same place for more than a second and even then only long enough to get what I wanted. Easy pickings.

I made the loop around the market, filling my long cloak with coin and jewel. I discarded purses as soon as I emptied them of their goods. I'd been caught once when I was a boy because the owner was able to identify his bag to a guard who had a hand on me. I glanced down at my left hand and the scarred skin that formed a perfect "T". Didn't make that same mistake twice. Neither did the guard. He didn't do much except choke after I slit his throat in his sleep. 

I found the alley I had arrived from and made my way back through to the main thoroughfare. I would tell Rafe that I was scouting, he always bought that. Of if he didn't, he didn't care enough to say anything. I wondered that about him. When it came to me, did he merely tolerate me or did he actually care? I snorted. I didn't care, as long as he was paying me.

I took a couple of steps past the open doorway before I heard Tietra's voice waft out to me. 

"...and he said that he may have work for us that would take us past the old ruins. Can we go Rafe? Please?" I heard her plead.

I had heard that same voice pleading with me in my dreams. Only she wasn't pleading to go somewhere, she was begging and pleading with me to run my hands through her hair, to pinch her nipples, to slide inside her. Begging me to do all manner of things to her. 

I back-stepped to the doorway and looked inside. She had Rafe's hands held in her own and was looking at him with adoration. He shrugged his shoulders nodded.

"Sure thing Little Bird. If we find ourselves out near the old nunnery we can go pay our respects..." he patted her head and took a sip from his mug.

I folded my cloak around myself and stepped out of the rapidly fading daylight. I started towards their table when something caught my eye. Or someONE, you could say. 

She was so gorgeous and so out of place amongst these common looking people. Behind the bar stood two people, he was an average looking man but she...she was a light haired goddess. She stood easily 6 inches over my slight frame, capped with blonde curly locks. My eyes tracked down her slender face to her supple neck to her large breasts. I almost choked when I realized I could see her nipples poking through her tunic. Her waist was perfectly narrow and she moved with a grace that was almost unnatural. The man said something and the soft pur of her chuckle reached across the room directly to my ears. I stepped up to the bar and she leaned towards me. My Gods, my mind raced, if her shirt was any looser she would slip out completely.

She cleared her throat.

"Up here sweetheart." She had a husky, seductive voice that was unmarred by the native Westhuizen accent.

"Oh....um...I thought you had a stain..." I lied weakly, blushing at being caught.

"Uh huh, that's what they all say." She smiled at me and winked. I felt as though the heavens themselves had parted and a single star shone for me alone in the darkness of this Gods-forsaken town. "What can I get you?"

"I...uh...whatever they're having..." I gestured over to Rafe and Tietra. I dropped a few coins on the counter and she scraped them off into her hand. She held them up to the light and apparently satisfied, turned around to put them in the box. "The only thing I want off the menu is you..." I all but whispered to myself, glad she couldn't hear me. She turned back with two drinks and set them down in front of me. I went to take them and I felt her hands slide up my own to my forearm, hot and soft like living velvet. She leaned in.

"I'm not on the menu, but who says you can't have me?" Her whisper shot chills through me. She licked her lips and barely nodded to the stairs at the back of the room. "Give me a few, I'll be up shortly..." She winked and went back to tending bar. I picked up the two mugs without feeling them and slipped back to the group's table. I sat them down without comment and made my way to the stairs.

"Hoi, Dodger..." Rafe started but I paid no attention as I hustled up the stairs. There were only a few doors and all but one was locked. I could have done something about that but decided not to. I slipped into the only open room and looked around. There was a table, an armoire and a bed. Oh thank the Gods, there was a bed. I sat down and waited. A few minutes passed and then I heard a soft rustle at the door. It opened and there she was.

"Sorry it took me so long, Davi is so clingy..." She slinked over to me without closing the door. "You waited so long for me....How ever can I make it up to you...? She ran her hands up her sides and over her tits. "Do you want these?"

I nodded dumbly and she shimmied her body before disrobing. Her nipples stood out, whether from excitement or cold I wasn't sure. She ran her hands back up to her tits and slightly pinched her nipples. Her mouth formed a perfect "O" as she cooed her pleasure. I reached my hand out and she slapped it way. She lowered herself to her hands knees before me and ran her hands down my covered stomach to my crotch. I felt another thrill shoot through me and she pursed her lips thoughtfully.

"I can think of something that would serve as a better apology..." I felt her hands at my belt. There was a second of tightness and then they opened, revealing my rock hard dick to her. She cooed again in pleasure and I felt her and tighten around me. She slit her fingers up and down my shaft and I leaned my head back, overcome by the feeling. I tried to say something but then her warm, wet tongue worked it's magic with the underside of my head. I felt her start at my base and work her way up, taking a second to swirl her tongue on the tip.

I gasped in pleasure and I heard her throaty pur a second before she took me into her mouth. I felt myself be engulfed, pleasure so exquisite, and then she began in earnest. Her golden hair framed her face as she bobbed up and down on me. I could feel her hand furiously working my shaft as she sucked on my head. I moaned again and she worked harder. 

Slowly I felt myself being taken further into her, her nose bumped into the thatch of hair at the base of my cock and I could feel myself in her throat. Her muscles were working overtime and stimulating every inch of me, her tongue worked furiously along the entire length of me. I was in heaven. She started sliding her mouth along my cock and I buried my hands in her hair, guiding her to a faster pace. 

I could feel that familiar tingle in my balls, I tightened my grip on her hair and forced her lower on my cock. She took me in her throat and kept up her pace. I could feel myself swelling...Oh Gods, I thought, here it comes. I burst like a beaver's damn. I forced her face down on me and emptied myself into her, sending gush after gush of hot cum down her throat. I leaned my head back and watched her take it all. I released her head and she kept sucking on me. Almost painfully slowly she let the head of my cock pop out of her mouth. She licked her lips gave me another sly smile.

"Hmmm....that was fun..." She tugged my trousers the rest of the way down and pulled me off of the bed. She turned away from me as I moved to kiss her, my lips brushed against her cheek. I continued pecking down to her neck line and she spun me around so that she was between me and the bed. She laughed her throaty, seductive laugh and gently pushed me away. A button later and her dress was laying on the floor. She bent over the bed and wiggled her ass like a true temptress.

"See anything you like? Hmmmm....?"

It took me half a second to step behind and and another half second to thrust myself inside her.

"Oh Gods yes! Fuck me harder!" She screamed in pleasure. I obliged her.

I pulled out and thrust into her again as hard as I could. She let out another scream of pleasure and the bed slid backward towards the wall, scraping along the floor. I continued thrusting into her, feeling waves of pleasure as she gripped me and pulled me in tighter. I was no longer watching myself, giving into the slick, velvety sway of her body. She pressed back against me, almost painfully so and arched her back.

I wrapped a hand around her waist and slapped her ass with the other. She renewed her humping against me and I matched her stroke for stroke. I could feel her pleasure running down my leg and it drove me crazy. I sped up, catching her off guard.

"Ohhhhh! Deeper!" Her body bounced along with me, "Deeper! Oh Gods!" I looked back over my shoulder at the open door, expecting to hear footsteps. When no one stepped through demanding that I stop, I did the opposite and powered on full steam ahead. She tensed and I could feel her tugging at me, urging me deeper into her. She ground against me and let out a little moan when I began at her again. I grabbed onto her ass and rode her as hard as I could, feeling myself build towards my second orgasm. I jammed into her honey hole as hard as I could and the bed jumped another few inches and hit the wall. My cock started to swell....

...And suddenly I was out of her. 

She rounded on me and pushed me down on the bed before I could protest. She straddled me with a lithe quickness and her pussy rubbed against my stomach. I could feel her wetness, warm against my bare skin and it made me shiver. She surprised me by leaning down and kissing me. Her lips burned and tingled against mine and I immediately knew something was wrong. The tingling traveled down my throat into my chest and I could feel it burning up the muscles of my arms. I tried to throw her off but I was too weak, the poison had acted too fast. She gave me another one of her wicked smiles and pushed off of me.

"I....but...you..." I couldn't speak, much less track her movement with my head. I heard rummaging and a soft thump as clothing hit the floor. She returned to her former position, laid something cloth on my chest and began softly singing as she unrolled it. The glare of naked steel caught my eye and suddenly I was afraid.

"Rafe....." I whispered, desperately hoping that he could hear me through the open door.

The bitch chuckled at me. The same throaty pur that just moments earlier I found so alluring and shook her sex roughened mane at me.

"Oh, there's no what they can hear you now." She pulled a dagger out of the pack on my chest and lightly traced it along my jawline. "It's alright though, we'll be done long before that wears off"

I felt the dagger trace it's way down my chest and I could see the thin, red line that it was drawing. She pressed down and I saw skin give way before her. The thing red line welled blood and I felt muscle part. I was horrified, but felt no pain. She continued her cutting for another moment and then softly began singing to herself.

"....And four there were, it came to pass...." she pinned my left hand above my head. I saw the dagger slice through and pin it to the wall.

"...And four there were, to be shattered like glass...." her song continued almost under her breath. The playful lyrics and tone horrified me where her actions did not. What kind of monster could do this while singing a child's nursery rhyme. She pulled another dagger from her sheathe and impaled my right hand, the blade sliding into me with disturbing ease. She jammed it into the wall and smiled down at me, joy and ecstasy burning in her eyes. She retrieved another dagger and moved down my body. 

"...Because four alone could stop the light...." She moved to the side and I could see my feet, one on top of the other, pinned together with her third knife. She dug it into the foot-board and gave it a tap for good measure.

She straddled me once again and pulled two curved blades out of the pack. The threw the cloth aside and sat back on my stomach. 

"...Not one must be left...." I saw her slide me back inside her. I felt nothing but amazement that I was still hard after watching my body be brutalized. "...All must cease their fight..." A look of sheer pleasure passed over her features. She slowly began to grind into me, her body moving against mine. She began to lift off me, I could see my cock sliding in and out of her entrance, it was almost mesmerizing. Her knees tightened into my sides and she thrust against me, making the bed scrape against the floor. Riding harder and faster, I almost felt cheated that I could feel nothing. Rafe would be coming up the stairs any second to stop this travesty.... She began bucking like a wild horse, I could see her stomach clinch in climax and she changed. 

Her once golden hair ignited, leaving a wavy trail of fire down her back. Her skin darkened to the color of midnight, untouched by the flame. Runes etched their way across her face and body leaving flaming ley lines and unreadable script. Her eyes narrowed and became the color of roiling fire.

"Oh yes! Right there!" She screamed, raising her twin blades. "Just like that! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

I saw her change and knew what she was.

"Ifrit..." I whispered to nobody but myself and her curved blades fell...