 It was a sublime service in the great cathedral, with all the expected trappings of nobility and grace. The air itself was thick with heat and incense, unable to escape the thick stone walls of her ancestor's homeland. It brought about anxiety, sadness and discomfort all at once.

It did not help that the Great Wolf bore down on the orator of the wake, with a jaw full of sharp iron teeth.

"He goes on for quite a bit..." one of the handmaidens said. Her beautiful brown curls had been let loose to fall beneath her black cowl and tied with fashionable and mournful black ribbons. Her eyes glimmered, aided by the make-up she wore. It survived the usual heat perfectly.

"He likes to talk," the marshal commented. "Much like you, Irene."

"Both of you quiet, the duchess is in mourning," the ecclesiarch said.

Their whispers were comforting, as Saris peered through the black veil she wore and squeezed the hand of her son. The boy was far too old to be doing such, nearly on his thirteenth year, but she welcomed the stoic visage and the squeeze of his hand. He was Duke now, or would be in a few hours.

A duke cares for his family, and she was glad he remembered that.

"The royal court will be here in a few hours for the Makaria," Irene stated as she undid her cowl and set it aside. She was lightly sheened from the long trek up the mountains back to the keep. Every bead glistened on her demure skin, soon washed away by a cooling splash of water. "Saris?"

"I am here," the duchess replied. Even though she was a few years past thirty she felt like a child when she encountered death. She had seen friends come and go, watched grieving widows mourn their husbands, and felt a pang of guilt for each one.

And yet, for her own husband...

"I am still coming to terms," she replied.

"I am sorry," Irene said. "Will you be okay?"

"He was three decades my senior. It was bound to happen," Saris said. "But in this way..."

"They say it was an accident. They say he went crazy and-"

"I know what they say!" Saris snapped. She saw Irene shirk back, and instantly softened. "I am sorry... I just... I do not know what to say?"

For how was she to speak to the king who had taken the life her husband? The same king who had brought her the news, and allowed her to slap his very cheek and scream into his handsome face as he denied the tyranny of it? The king to whom she shared her first kiss.

"...he is dangerously fond of you," Irene implied, as she finished untangling her hair. "You think he was jealous of him?"

"I do not know," Saris finally admitted. "I do not know. All I can do is protect my son, help him run this Duchy proper. Our people need us."

She stood and was helped out of her mourning vestments, and slipped into a more somber, but fashionable, gown to meet the royal court. A loose thing of silk fit for the rather humid air of this land she called home. The wind itself could snake through the fabric, caress the constant curves of her body, and chase away the usual sweat brought about from the natural heat.

It was a land of arid mountains that rose high, and dipped into vast canyons or limestone beaches, with a sparkling sea that ever so gently crashed upon the shore. Ships and visitors from all over flocked to this place, to her city, glimmering on the coast like a lighthouse in the storm.

A city molded in marble buildings, in pillars upholding mosaic domes and displaying heroes of old. A place where the water ran clear from irrigation canals built by the Imperials long ago, where east and west met and became one and the same, under the banner of a holy kingdom.

A kingdom envied, where the native powers that be all vie to be its conqueror, to tear apart the last vestiges of this great kingdom and gnaw on the bones before passing around the less savory remains.

She often wondered if her ancestors knew this when they chose to settle this little coastline of the East and claim it as their own centuries ago.

"Red or black?" Irene asked, dipping a finger each in different lip colorings.

"None. I do not want to look whorish." Saris tried to smile, but her sadness made it difficult.

"Try to be happy. You are still young." Irene smiled, a thing so perfect and white it was fit to blind the older woman.

"Not as young as you," Saris said, and pinched the little brunette. "...I really do miss him."

"You will see him again. Just no time soon, I hope." Irene pecked her on the cheek. "Now, you have a council meeting with Jovan and the other councilors. The first meeting without Bran."

"Nothing should be different?" Saris laughed.

But Irene merely frowned, and tucked a few locks of brown hair back behind one pierced ear. "Jovan is a real ass, when it comes to women. You would think a merchant would understand the complexities of relationships but..."

"He has always treated me well," Saris replied.

"Because Bran was there." Irene gave the older woman a long hug. "Be safe."

With that goodbye, the former duchess made her way out of the keep. The guards inclined their heads to her, before escorting her to the council chambers.

All the while she was able to look out into the city proper. It was busy, the loss of her husband only a passing sorrow to the people abound. At least from what she could see.

"Your grace!" a rather eloquent and accented voice drew Saris' attention and she smiled as she was embraced. The smell of incense and perfume invaded her senses.

"Amur!" Saris replied and squeezed the rather feminine form of dusky skin. "Please, Saris. We have known each other for decades."

"As I recall, you once got angry and demanded I always refer to you as such, your grace." The man chuckled and stroked his well-trimmed beard. He would be infinitely more handsome if he kept a head of hair, rather than shaving it all off.

"I was a girl, then."

"Fourteen if I recall, once they announced your betrothal." He hugged her once again. "I am sorry about Bran."

"As am I," the duchess replied. "But we will persevere. Tears have been shed but I must be strong for Vessy."

"He is such a handsome young man. And our new duke." Amur added, before adjusting the elegant ankle-length tunic he wore. "Duke Visarion."

"He looks just like Bran," Saris said.

"I have always said so," Amur added, before looking to the guards. "Am I keeping you?"

"I am sure a minute or two to be with a friend is not unwarranted." Saris tucked hair behind her ear. She liked Amur, not simply because her was her friend. He was respectful, not lusting after her with his eyes.

Too many men did that, especially when she was married.

"I wished merely to give my condolences," Amur replied. "The Imam has lit four candles. All faiths mourn his passing."

"I will thank him next I see him." Saris looked back out to the city, and found herself frowning. "Four days of chanting?"

"Until each candle is snuffed out." Amur smiled, and embraced her. He left shortly after, his presence leaving Saris feeling even more melancholic.

She continued with her escort to the familiar tower, ascended the spiral steps, and be greeted with a compact little chamber, in which stood a table, five chairs, and a series of notes, charters and missives. Some were even stuffed in the bookshelves nearby, where the marshal of the realm, Davit, drummed his fingers.

Beside him was the ecclesiarch of her duchy, Aldin Kasomir, with an imperial nose and blonde curls. His white cossack complimented the fair skin and those sky-blue eyes fit to smite weaker women with his young, forbidden flesh. Many women had gone to confession and left flustered by their own admissions to him.

Nearby sat her son, Visarion. He looked so different now, his ducal crown a tad too large for his head. But he kept himself stoic, stern and commanding as he would need the be.

Especially as the usual suspect implored him with fanciful requests and outlandish tales.

"And then the shipment was devoured by a sea serpent! The merchants need be recompensed!" the chancellor, Mansur ibn Mansur, said.

"They are not our merchants," another replied. "Your grace, the ill fate of a foreign vessel is not our concern or fiscal responsibility."

"My lord Andric, surely you understand that we need these merchants to keep the gold flowing into our coffers. We cannot risk turning what business we have back to the sea! Our location alone inspires a lack of agency, not to mention a growing sentiment of discrimination based on origin." The chancellor shook his head, before turning it towards Saris.

In fact, all conversation stopped as they turned to her. All eyes, the eyes of men, were upon her. All sorrowful.

"Do not let me keep you," Saris said and took a step forward. She bent down to kiss her son on the cheek. "What is this deliberation about?"

But none of the men answered her. They merely looked to each other, making gestures with their eyes.

It was Jovan Andric who spoke, clearing his throat and adjusting his collar. "Lady Saris, it is a matter more suited for the duke and his advisers."

"I am his mother. And Bran respected my council. My son will think the same."

"A duke should not be guided by a mother's hand." Mansur pinched his thin moustache. He wore an outfit like Amur prior, though in a style more modern, with embroidered sleeves and piping at the hem.

"I have always been at counsel." Saris shifted her eyes between the men present, including her son.

"You are in grief." Jovan was the first to step forward and boldly take Saris by the hand. "A woman should be at peace, unfettered by the challenges of governance."

"...what did you say?" Saris did not believe the words out of his mouth. "You are denying me the right to sit at counsel because I am a woman?"

"Never! But, the duties of your sex come decreed by what the gods have crafted. We have no control of this." He gently squeezed her hand, before letting it go. "Bran was favorable to you, but grief grips your heart at his passing no doubt. Ill judgement falls on the feminine mind in shock."

Saris was stunned. She turned her eyes to Mansur, who shook his dusky and bearded face. She looked to Aldin, his blonde curls twisting in his anxious fingers. Davit set a book down on the table and opened it, his fingers scanning words as if to pretend he was reading them.

"You should get some rest, Saris," Jovan said and put a hand to her shoulder. "The duke will have the cooks send some tea and sweets to tide you until the King arrives."

Saris was too shocked to realize the guards had escorted her back to her chambers, where a half-naked Irene was busy glossing her lips and popping them into a mirror. She jumped at the approach and raised an eyebrow when the former duchess buried her face into the pillows.

"What happened?" the brunette asked. "Do not cry, you will ruin your make-up!"

"I am not crying!" Saris said as if she were a child. "I am just frustrated! Jovan kicked me out of counsel!"

"Well..." Irene began, rubbing the back of her neck. "I told you he does not think highly of women." Her hands, delicate and fair, gently pat the former duchess' back.

"My son just let it happen!" Saris stated. "I... I am his mother! He should not have-"

"He is a boy. He is probably scared. His father just died." Irene shook her head. "It can be so many things, your grace."

"But... but I can help with those things! I can... I..." Saris simply dropped her face back into the pillows, accepting the shoulder massage, and she would be remiss to deny the tea and desserts brought to her. Layers of pastry and caramel? She felt her anguish pass.

"Only one!" Irene said, slapping the hand. "We still need to eat when the king arrives. And we do not want you fattening up."

"Just one more?" Saris pleaded, and her hand was smacked again. "Hey!"

"Drink your tea, Sari." Irene helped the duchess push back the well-brewed and fragrant liquid. It settled perfectly in her once upset-now full-stomach. "Now we redo your make-up. I told you not to mess it up."

In the span of a couple hours, the two women got lost in simple femininity. Redressing their hair, trying on more fitting, if all somber, dressery and usual elegance. Jovan may have given them just a bit more time to strengthen their bonds, and perhaps fuel a resounding resentment and gossip about his person.

"His wife says he is not the most gifted." Irene commented as she finished dusting the top of her breasts. "Down there, of course."

"She is a woman of immense thirst. Gods, I hope she can contain herself."

"We shall see. All eyes will be on you and Visarion. It was your husband and his father that died." Irene pinched the sides of her dress, readjusting whatever was underneath. "You know, I was gifted these imperial style panties and all they do is ride up."

"Do they?" Saris shrugged. "Who gave them to you?"

"...someone."

"Someone...?"

"Who is not going to be named, Sari!" The brunette huffed and finished adjusting herself.

"Well, you are wearing them. So, he must be coming by..." the duchess said and bumped her hip into the younger woman. "Irene!"

"We have been seeing each other for a little while. But we are not telling anyone!" The brunette held up a hand. "Please do not make a whole fuss about it. We are taking things slow."

"And he bought you underwear?"

"...it was our first-look, at least I am not the one who the king himself is going to be gawking at." Irene immediately walked past Saris. "Now let me get your necklace on."

"You little slut." Saris winked and pinched her friend as she walked by. The merriment and teasing vanished when she finally looked at herself in the mirror. "How do I look?"

"The deep red is a good alternative to black." Irene commented. "And the jet earrings and necklace give you a mourning visage."

"Do I look like a woman who lost her husband?" Saris asked.

"You look like a woman who lost her husband and is slowly weaning herself back into public life." Irene kissed her cheek. "Bran would find you stunning."

"He always did..." Saris took in a deep breath and let her hair fall freely. "Alright. Lean out the window and tell me if they have-"

"Your grace?" Mansur's voice, followed by a knock, echoed from beyond the wooden door. "His majesty is arriving in less than an hour. Are you ready?"

The door was opened by Irene and Mansur was allowed in. The man adjusted his blue and ivory tunic, before running his palm across slickened hair. He gave his best smile, one that made Saris close her eyes and roll them in annoyance.

"Yes, I am ready," the former duchess replied. "Irene?"

"I am." The younger woman pinched her gown once more. It seemed to bring a smile to Mansur's lips.

"Wonderful! Come, please. The duke is ready, and it would be remiss for you to not stand in his presence and greet his majesty."

'The same one who killed my husband?' She thought. "Naturally."

Saris walked past Mansur with Irene in tow and followed the familiar paths that led to the keep's foyer. There, dozens of nobles and merchants all clamored among groups and spoke, while other greeted those being filed in from the various counties under her son's supervision, and a few notables from the neighboring duchies.

One, Saris immediately went to stop.

"Lady Saris!" the young vixen said, her smile perfect and her blonde curls bouncing as she bowed. "It is so good to see you. I wish it were in better spirits."

"Mother." Visarion bowed his head. His lips were tight, his eyes brooding, but his posture dignified. "Why are you holding my shoulders?"

"I require support in my grief, my son." Saris gave her own smile, before turning her eyes to the now squinting little creature, and her insidious grandmother beside her.

"Branimir is at peace," Tamari said. Her eyes were large, her nose broad and her chin square. She was, to Saris' mind, an unattractive woman that no man should touch. Personality aside, which was akin to a viper. "Yennefer was paying her respects to the new duke."

But her son, the current duke, had landed an imperial for a wife, and so the little vixen trying to seduce Saris' son was pleasing to the eyes, with an upturned nose, hair down to just past her shoulders and a dainty chin.

And only two years older than the boy she was trying to wrap around her manicured finger.

Yennefer pressed her glossed lips tight and bowed her head after her grandmother spoke. "Long may his memory endure. You carry his powerful, commanding demeanor well, Duke Visarion."

"Thank you both for your kind words," Saris replied and smiled at the younger girl. That smile died when she looked back upon the grandmother. "I am surprised to see you."

"Indeed." Tamari chuckled. "Yennefer, if I recall, you wished to have the duke escort you around the garden before the Makaria?"

"I do not think-" Saris went to say, but was interrupted by the little harlot.

"Oh yes! I am told your father was an excellent gardener, and kept the most stunning of such. It would be a most high honor to walk where one so blessed as he once worked." The girl blushed. "If you can spare time for me, your grace?"

Saris wanted to yank the golden curls out of her head, but the quiet voice of her son drew her attention.

"Do you require anything of me, mother?" he asked.

"I..." Saris went to say, but pursed her lips. "No. I will see you for the meal." She watched as her son went arm and arm with his own vial of poison.

"Well, boys will be boys?" Tamari commented, with a low chuckle. "Ah, Saris, when will you learn how things are played?"

"What do you want, Tamari?" Saris looked around to make sure no one saw them. "Have you not the decency to play your games away from my husband's funeral."

"Please. You played the same games when you were young. To jump from a baron's daughter to a duchess? You always set your sights on the middle path, do you not?"

"I loved Bran."

"We women are given so few chances to advance in this world. You could have been queen, yet you settled for duchess. You shame women who dream so high."

"Get to the point, Tamari." Saris almost struck the woman, but she kept a smile as well as she needed to if someone caught them. "I do not want your... Yennefer, to sink her fangs into my son."

"Sink her fangs? Saris, please. Men are not so malleable." Tamari adjusted her bodice. "Or are they?"

"I am too old to be playing riddles with you," Saris said, leaning in. "Now why is your granddaughter trying to seduce my son?"

The older woman offered a dangerously polite smile. "A mother wants the best for her children. A grandmother doubly so. Your little Visarion is a handsome man, and one of the three dukes ruling in this kingdom. I want Yennefer to have the best possible life."

"You could not find someone else?"

"Perhaps I wished to be a thorn in your salaciously firm bottom?" Tamari grinned. "Ah, Saris, you never cease to amuse me. Let the boy and girl have some fun. It might distract him from remembering his father is now gone." A trumpet sounded off outside the hall and the clamor started to die down.

"Though knowing you, I think you will find the perfect replacement throwing himself at you." Tamari gave a final bow and stepped away, as Saris looked towards the door.

Her heart pounded as it opened and in stepped the royal entourage. Two colorful knights raised their lances and knelt. From beneath their fluttering tasseled tips appeared a man adored and hated, all at once. King Alexander Lukaric stepped into the public, his outfit regal, his presence commanding, and the crown upon his well-cut black hair humble. He had no beard, because he could never grow one. His eyes scanned the crowd before settling on Saris herself.

The same eyes that were filled with sorrow when she learned he had made her a widow. "I am not ready for this." Saris felt her heart pound.
