 "I am not ready for this." Alexander told himself that during the entire journey. Every night in his private tent and every waking moment as he canted his horse along the beautiful roads built by those who had come before.

Please do not look at me like that. He cleared his throat and stepped forward, his feet feeling like blocks of stones. All I wanted to do was...

"Your majesty," Saris said and bowed her head. She did not kneel, and he did not want her to.

"Lady Ancyzra." He straightened himself up and kept his hands gently at his sides. Why were his palms sweating so much? "You are looking well."

"It is difficult without Bran." Her words cut him, deeper than he had rehearsed. "But I manage as best as I can."

"You have my deepest condolences." He wanted to console her, to put his hand on that familiar shoulder and squeeze the supple skin beneath. But his arm was stiff, and people were watching. "Where is your son?"

"He is showing another guest the garden." Saris clasped her hands together and gently pressed them to her chest. "He should be back soon, unless you wish to go find him?"

"I will not disturb. His crowning can wait until we have mourned Branimir's passing." The king straightened himself and finally pulled his eyes away from her. "I will go speak to my company. I pray they will be welcome to camp outside your walls?"

"...you will not be staying in the keep?" Saris asked quietly.

"It would not be appropriate. When I return, we will begin the Makaria?"

"We are merely waiting on the patriarch," Saris replied, before walking off. "I will fetch my son."

"My leave serves two purposes then." The king turned away from the widow and walked gracefully back to his entourage as the crowd that been watching their exchange murmured and moved about.

"You handled that well." His captain of the royal guard, Rudolph, said quietly. "No slap to the face this time."

"Has Malmir returned? I sent him to the cathedral when we stepped through the gates. Why is he not here yet?"

"You ask questions that I cannot answer, Lex." Rudolph shrugged. It was amazing he and his knights could even stand in this heat, not even accounting for the weight of their armor. "I will send Nasser to get him."

"Good. Tell the men to camp outside the walls, and ready my own tent as well. I want us to be of no bother to this city."

"As you say, your majesty." Rudolph looked to the crowd. "There are quite a few more people than intended."

"Bran was adored." The king still felt a stab of pain as he said that.

"If only they knew?" Rudolph laughed. "By your orders, it shall be done." With a gesture of his hand, and a firm command, his knights obeyed his command and ushered the company back outside the city.

Alexander looked back to the crowd, to the returning soon-to-be-duke and his amazing mother. A woman who even after all these years captivated him, that forced his heart to ache; in guilt and in lust. A woman who refused him, who made him question himself as youth is want to do about what he truly wanted in life.

The way she brought the best out of people, her smile fit to light up a room and her laugh the sound of angels singing in perfect harmony.

"Your majesty," someone said, drawing the king back to reality, "we found the patriarch's aide."

"Well someone grab him and remind him we are at a makaria?"

"He is transfixed."

"On what?" Rudolph commented. "What does a man of the covenant need that would draw him from his duties?"

"If it is that scrawny attendant of his..."

"That boy loves one thing." Alexander looked up to the sky and pinched the bridge of his nose. "It is a good thing people here do not recognize me."

"Why?" Rudolph asked. "Those who rely on you should know who to bow to."

"It lets me walk through a city without drawing too much attention." Alexander pulled at the collar of his tunic, trying to do anything to alleviate the late heat.

"And not get accosted?" Rudolph chuckled. "That is what this is for." He planted the butt of his poleaxe into the earth.

"I am sure they already view me as a tyrant. Let us not try to keep them thinking that."

"A king should not concern himself with the opinion of his lesser." Rudolph grunted and rolled his shoulders. "I told your brother the same thing."

Alexander went silent at that. Not for the words said, but because it made the crown on his head all the heavier. It did not belong there.

"Come on," he finally said. "Let us go find the patriarch." Anything for Saris.

In a small way, the king was jealous of this city. It was built by the Imperials, during their short time here. The buildings had been torn down and replaced by the various inhabitants since then, but the roads remained the same, and all the feats of engineering continued to work just as well as when their creators had occupied them two centuries ago.

It is the greatest shame that a people so cultured and brilliant are better known for their abject cruelty and ruthlessness.

The square was not far from the keep, and it expanded to encompass a large bazaar, tucked beneath the shadows of onion-capped buildings and square sandstone dwellings, and a western market, with stalls and vocal undercutting of their neighbor's goods even as the hours of business drew to a close and the proprietors went to the various other enjoyments in the city, namely the brothels and pleasure dens.

A large brazier burned in the middle of it all and cast away the coming evening. It was where a large group of people, and the one they sought, had gathered to listen to the most beautiful of elegies in the native tongue.

The orator was a beautiful girl, but not yet a full woman. She must have just reached adulthood, her body filled out perfectly, accentuating the smooth caramel skin that glistened ever slightly in the heat. Her veil hid full lips, and the cowl she wore allowed her black hair to cascade freely down her back. All around her, men and women wiped their eyes and bowed their heads in remembrance.

"She is stunning..." David whispered, watching from the back of the crowd. He did not notice the giant behind him, as that gauntlet reached forward.

"You are a priest." Rudolph jerked the robed man back. "Not for much longer, if we need to keep cleaning you up from the wet puddles you make of yourself."

"Oh, do not take me, Rudolph! Her voice is that of an angel!"

"You remember why we are here?" Alexander frowned. It was always like this when it came to the boy.

"What I would give to be free of the shackles, my king! Gods, please, forgive your weak servant!" His soft proclamations drew eyes, but none from those in prayer.

"Remind me again why Malmir keeps him around?" Rudolph looked up to the singing woman, and sneered. "What I would do to- Lex, move!"

But the king did not have a chance. He went to ask what Rudolph was speaking of, when he felt it. It was rough, heated, and reeking. The king brought a hand up to where a bestial excrement now stained and turned in the direction it had come.

"Tyrant!" the man cried, and all eyes were soon upon him. But not as fast Rudolph, who hoisted the man up by his collar and slammed him into the earth. He was about to take his head as well, but then came a cry.

"Stop!" Alexander raised a hand and the bodyguard stayed his hand. He did not remove the blade from the man's throat, however.

"To strike the king is death." Rudolph looked down to the man.

"That's the king?" a woman asked nearby. She covered her mouth and backed away.

"'Course it's the king! I knew it!" Another man removed his turban and bowed.

"I've never seen him before!"

The voices clamored about the square as all eyes fell to the monarch. Some knelt and made signs of peace upon their bodies, others cowered and clung to those next to him.

All eyes were on him, and the bodies were held back by the royal escort. The towering knights, a force of terror, loomed over Alexander's subjects. At his command, the situation could tip into benevolence or tyranny.

He was faced with these choices every day, and this would be no different.

"Let him go, Rudolph. He is grief stricken over the passing of his lord." Alexander turned to the crowd and then to David. "Where is the patriarch?"

"He went to speak to the Imam." David finally seemed to compose himself. "He went to the temple."

"Rudolph, disperse the crowd. And do not hurt anyone." Alexander waited for the reluctant acknowledgement and went towards the temple, whose onion shaped dome towered above the square buildings. He made sure to wipe his cheek clean with a scented cloth before entering.

Unlike a western cathedral, it was not a place of confined stone and looming statues. Icons and ornaments were merely silks and banners, calligraphed rugs and tassels of jewels. Mosaic walls told intricate stories of the temple's creation and of the gods who inhabit it, as silk curtains led out to open gardens filled with beauty.

Alexander made no sound as he walked over the marble floor and towards the altar, where stood Patriarch Malmir, and the ducal Imam. Both men were the opposite of one another; Malmir was older, dressed in white and red robes, and had a complexion akin to milk. The imam was younger, dressed in green and blue, to symbolize the coming spring, and skin the color of chocolate.

Yet neither man, for whatever reason, saw fault in their differences.

"I love what you have done with the place," Malmir said. "It is far more welcoming than it was before."

"Agreed! Can you imagine how people must have felt, walking in here and oppressed by the gold statues? The metal was better used distributed to the less fortunate." The Imam chuckled and stroked his full beard. "My daughter, bless her soul, kept reminding me of the duty to the less fortunate."

Malmir was going to say something, but Alexander interrupted. "I trust you two are friends?"

"Your majesty," the imam said and bowed respectfully.

Malmir did likewise. "That we are, your grace. I knew Asaddam since his days as a public defender, in the time of your father."

"Forgive my saying, but there are many in this nation who seek to divide us, rather than let us be united as the gods intended." Asaddam ran a hand over his sash.

"Saris appointed you?" the king asked.

"Imam are not appointed, your grace. We are elected by our communities to serve in the temples and lead prayer."

"I see." The king turned his head to Malmir. "We have a Makaria to perform. You need to return to the keep in haste."

"Oh! I must have lost track of time." Malmir chuckled and extended a hand, which Asaddam clasped and kissed. "It is good to see you, friend. May the Great Wolf protect you."

"May Anu keep your winds fair. We pray for Branimir's soul." The imam waved as Malmir departed with the king. "And yours, your grace."

That last comment made Alexander linger at the door to the temple. "Thank you. That is kind."

"Before you go," the imam began, "may I ask you something?"

"Please be quick, I am expected elsewhere," Alexander replied.

"I mean no ill will, but I need to know for my own sake." Asaddam brought himself closer to the king, standing before him and keeping his eyes level. He spoke in a whisper, "Did you kill Branimir?"

Alexander twisted his lips. "Why do you wish to know?"

"A thousand apologies. The mill of rumors often produces malice. I wished to know the truth, above all, whatever it may be."

The honesty in those words struck a chord inside the king. It was a question he had been asked many times, and the answer was always the same.

"Yes, I killed him. But only in self-defense." The king raised a hand. "And that is all you will know."

"I see." The imam bowed his head. "Peace be upon you, King Lukaric."

The king could not leave that temple faster, shaking as the evening breeze blew gently across the darkening city. He returned to his senses as Rudolph whistled at him, the massive giant still dragging the patriarch's aide by the collar.

"They must be upset back at the keep," Rudolph commented, before turning to Malmir. "Did you need to take so long as make us look bad? They already think he is a murderer, and now he is tardy."

"The comparison is hardly fair," the patriarch commented. "But what are we to do? The truth is often disbelieved."

The truth. The king shook his head and walked with his company back to the keep, where already the crowd had gone into murmurs and complaints. Saris herself was glowering, as her companion tried to soothe her. It seemed to work, aided by Malmir's approach and sympathies. A minute later, the call went out for everyone to gather in the feasting hall.

The procession filed in, as the king waited. He would go last, because Saris herself lingered. Their eyes met, her fierceness and beauty forcing a smile to his lips. That upset her and she quickly followed the procession further into the keep.

He watched her go, the elegant sway of her body and the grace in which she held herself. She bore all the markings of what a queen should be.

"I hear she is quite the beauty, Lex," Milorad had said and drew his arrow back. "You should feel lucky father found you someone."

"I am so nervous..." Alexander had said. "What if she does not like me?" He had been sweating at the palms for hours, and suffering from an anxious heart for three times that. "Why can we not wait until we are both older?"

"Lex, you are fifteen winters old. That is right-" Milorad fired the arrow, "-on target." He smiled and set the bow down. "Besides, how do you think I felt? My bride had to be shipped over the sea. Yours is right here!"

"But you are going to be king," Alexander commented. "I am not. Why can I not wait?"

Milorad punched his sibling on the shoulder and laughed. "Because someone will need to take over should I fall."

The wind seemed to pick up at that, sending the salty kiss of the sea against both boys. "I do not want to be king," Alexander asked quietly.

"If something were to happen to me, and father, we would want you to keep our homeland safe. Our ancestors died for this land." The elder squeezed the neck of his younger. "Promise me you will do everything to protect it."

"I promise," Alexander had said.

"And make sure to keep the family line going, hm?" The jovial laughter was something truly missed, and something Alexander never wished to forget.

"H-Hello," the girl had said when she finally arrived. "I am Saris Ancyzra, your grace." She was so demure, so graceful in her movements, that Alexander had forgotten why he was so afraid. He remembered Milorad grinning nearby, and his own wife stifling a giggle behind her hand as the youngest prince failed in kissing the demure girl's hand.

It made her giggle, which forced him to blush. He remembered, at that time, not ever wanting to see those lips wilt.

"Lex," Rudolph jabbed a finger into his back. "Get on inside. Do not worry, I will be off in the corner looking menacing."

"That does not put me at ease." The king stepped into the feasting hall, his feet heavier than stones.

[Please rate and comment below!]