 As a young girl, Irene used to look out into the city and wonder what secrets it hid, what intricate little details lay behind every avenue, every alleyway, especially as east met west and the sandstone and marble became one with the stone and brick?

Now, as an adult, she found it rather dull. The alleyways led to dead ends and reeked of things most foul and the avenues only led from one place to another, eastern or western.

That was the great theme of her city, a clash of east and west and a hint of Imperial remains. It was partly why she did not feel out of place walking to the market so late in the afternoon, and into the bazaar connected to the square. Her slippers graced the paved paths and twisted until she approached a rather beautiful temple, crowned with a golden dome. 

Respectfully, Irene waited a short distance away while the Imam led his prayers from within the building. She could not see him, but she could hear his voice and the chorus of his congregation as they spoke to their gods. She did not mind waiting, as the usual heat dissipated with the setting sun. She even took a seat on a nearby bench, pulling her cloak ever tighter around her body as the chanting faded away.

They were all somber dressed. Many of the women were clad in fully black gowns and veils, bemoaning about recent events, while men removed their turbans or stroked their beards as they bowed and exited the temple. Children, at the hems of their mothers, kept their eyes to the earth and recited what they had just heard.

It took a complete half hour before Irene was able to justify walking into the temple as a woman not of the faith. She walked carefully along the golden floor, mindful of the men rolling up the carpets and pulling the drapery closed. She gave them respectful nods, and gentle gestures of her hand, until she stood face to face with the Imam, who had his back turned to her.

"Sadi," Irene said, and tugged at the back of his robe. "It is me."

"Irene," A'saddam said with a smile. He looked so handsome, so pristine, it made the young girl flutter. "I was not expecting to see you today."

"Yes. I thought we could have seen each other sooner but you did not attend the Makaria." The brunette frowned. "I was looking for you."

"I was going to, but I did not feel comfortable with the king present. His knight, the one called Rudolph, scares me." A'saddam shook his head and cupped her pale cheek. "I knew men like him back when I lived in the capital."

Irene turned her face into his palm, glanced to see if anyone saw her, and kissed it. She pulled her face away shortly after, and hid her blush. "I will forgive you, if only you repay me with some tea?"

"Once we finish cleaning up, I will personally escort you to my home." The Imam chuckled. "Sa'yidda should be there, having finished her lessons by now."

And so, Irene waited, watching A'saddam and those who volunteered to help him store and close everything, before locking the door and saying a final prayer and kissing it. Then, arm in arm, the pair walked through the backstreets to the quaint dwelling where a dusky young woman sat strumming a lyre. She did not wear the usual veil of an eastern woman, letting her black hair cascade around her delicate shoulders.

"Father!" Sa'yidda slipped off the crate and walked up to pair, stopping short to properly curtsy before Irene. "Lady Kozel."

"Sa'yidda, please call me Irene!" Being referred to as 'Lady' made her feel old, and this girl was not that much younger than her, only five or six years if she recalled.

"How were your lessons?" A'saddam asked.

"Darius says I will be proficient enough to play at the courts of the Shah. I think he is just doting on me." The dusky girl put the lyre to her breasts.

"Well it is obvious why," Irene teased. "We should go inside. It is getting colder."

The growing chill of the desert evening made way for the toasted warmth of the humble abode, decorated simply. But simplicity was still extravagant for easterners, with geometric patterns on their carpets and furniture that gave the objects an alien quality. Small rooms, stuffed with silks and tasseled pillows, served as places for rest, while a large gathering room contained an ornate hookah and several pillows which the company took seats on.

"I will brew the tea, while you pack the hookah, father?"

"Of course, Sa'yidda." A'saddam hummed gently as he started to pack dried herbs and fragrant leaves into a special bowl, that he heated over the nearby hearth until they were smoking. He quickly put it inside the hookah and sealed the glass bottle, letting the smoke fill the chamber.

"Gods, it always smells so strange," Irene commented, but took another breath. She adored the way the smell made her body tingle and her mind slosh around. She wasted no time inhaling from the provided pipe, letting the smoke fill her mouth and lungs, before blowing it into the air.

A'saddam chuckled and took the pipe for himself, taking deep breaths before exhaling all the smoke through his nose.

"I wish I could do that," Irene giggled. She accepted the tea as Sa'yidda handed it to her. "When did you get Imperial dishware?"

"Around the same time, I-" A'saddam cleared his throat, and attempted to hide his blush. "Around the same time, you received your gift."

"Oh," Irene said and quickly sipped from the tea. She prayed it would distract from her rubbing thighs. She was wearing that gift right now, perhaps even dampening them.

"Imperial goods are always of the highest quality. I am surprised they have not conquered the world." Sa'yidda sat across from Irene and beckoned the pipe with her hand.

"If they did, I imagine things would be quite different." A'saddam leaned back. 

He was handsome for an older man, and Irene did not take her eyes off him. Not until she heard Sa'yidda clear her throat. The younger girl rolled her eyes, and Irene bowed her head in understanding. She would wait until she was gone.

"But if the Empire ruled the world," Irene finally said, "then the shah would be right beside them."

There were two dominant cultures in the east, shah and caliph, both ancient and despising the other. To Irene, they were the same people; both were dusky, their hair black, their eyes brown, and their speech nearly identical. But according to A'saddam and others like him, the difference was startling and enough to have riots break out where both cultures were forced to live together.

"It is best not to think on it." A'saddam sucked in more smoke, before letting it escape slowly from the corners of his mouth.

"I would like to visit it someday. I heard their city was made by the gods."

"A goddess," Irene commented. "They venerate a woman and call her a god."

"Mortals cannot be gods." A'saddam chuckled. "Though that will not stop a Shah from thinking as such." He took another breath of smoke and handed the pipe to Irene.

"I saw the king the other day," Sa'yidda said. "I was performing an elegy for Duke Branimir, when I spotted him and his bodyguard in the crowd."

"How did you know it was the king?" Irene shifted. She did not know Alexander had walked among the streets.

"Someone attacked him with dung, screaming that he was a tyrant. His pet giant said, "To strike the king is death". I had never seen him before. He is so..."

"Plain?" Irene snickered.

"Is it right to call our king that?"

"He is not here," A'saddam commented. "But I do not think it wise. He seems like a capable man. Much more sociable than his elder." He took another puff of smoke once offered the pipe. "But he unsettled me when I spoke to him."

"Was his bodyguard with him?" Irene asked. "I will admit, Rudolph can be scary."

"No. But he admitted to killing Branimir. He did not lie or place blame on anyone." A'saddam stroked his beard. "He was exonerated by Malmir, however."

"What does that have to do with it?" Irene felt her head spin, so she pulled up a pillow and rest her cheek on it. Smoking like this always made her heart race, and filled her body with a burning warmth.

"Malmir is not a man to exonerate someone guilty. He is a principled man." A'saddam set his tea to the side and leaned back.

"But a king is a king and above the patriarch, is he not?" Sa'yidda finished her tea and got up to collect the cups. "Can he not command him?"

"Malmir would have denounced him publicly." A'saddam untied the top of his robe, letting it flare open to reveal a hairy chest. "If the duke was killed, it was an accident. I am sure of it."

"This got really grim." Irene sputtered. "How did we go from tea cups to kings killing vassals? I hear enough of it from Saris."

"Saris?" Sa'yidda asked.

"The duchess," A'saddam said.

"Oh. I never knew her name."

"You refer to her as 'your grace' always, my dear." A'saddam seemed to shift as a thud was heard on their roof. "Karim is here?"

"We have a date tonight, father." Sa'yidda huffed. "I told you about it, did I not? It also lets you have time to yourself."

"Has he received a steady employment?" A'saddam asked.

"He keeps watch in the market." Sa'yidda replied.

"For people to steal from?" A'saddam tried to rise.

"Father! Easterners do not steal!" Sa'yidda giggled playfully and raised a hand. "He has been doing better. He works with the baker, Gregor, on the west side of the market?"

"That is true!" a boyish voice said as a slender, dusky youth came from the second floor of the abode, sliding down the ladder. "Every day, helping knead bread. My arms are tired." He offered a polite bow. "Imam. Lady Kozel."

"Irene!" she said and kicked her foot out in futility. All it did was give A'saddam a peek between her legs, before she closed them. Modesty in front of the younger generation.

"Where are you two going?" A'saddam asked.

"I was thinking down by the port to watch the stars. There is a shah there who sells the most delicious of skewered meat," Karim replied and accepted a kiss on the cheek from Sa'yidda.

"Is anyone else going with you?"

"No, father, just us." Sa'yidda giggled. "I promise we will be back in a few hours. It is just dinner."

"And maybe a night play," Karim added.

"And maybe a night play."

"Your mother would flog me to letting you go." But a father could not deny his adult daughter. "Go, and please be safe."

"I always am, father." Sa'yidda hugged him, before climbing the ladder to the roof. Karim followed her, and shut the door.

"Kids..." A'saddam sighed and sat back. Irene eventually found the strength to push herself up and sit on his lap. She nudged his bearded chin like a cat.

"They are both adults." She turned to straddle the man's lap. The smoking, the tea, the sheer act of being near him made her ache with need. And now that they were alone... "As are we."

Irene knew she was a fantastic kisser. Many men had complimented her on it. But she still felt so inexperienced next to A'saddam, who could fence off an entire army with his tongue. Perhaps it was the tongue of the land that made him so skilled, that strange guttural music they made in prayer, or it could be the man was a notorious lecher. She chose the former to be her answer and continued to kiss and grind on the man, accepting him and begging for acceptance of her own self.

"I am still upset you did not come to Makaria." The brunette blew stray locks from her face and undid her ponytail, letting her hair cascade freely. She unlaced the top of her gown and loosened it, allowing the older man to bury his face into her chest and pepper her pale skin with kisses.

She had listened to Saris, her friend, complain for days-if not weeks-and desired time to simply be alone and indulge. She loved the woman, but her courtly drama was a powerful slayer of a woman's mood.

Irene had not realized her gown had been loosened further, and that she, or he, had undone the laces of his leggings and produced a rather firm, dark brown cock. The brunette wrapped her fingers around the girth and began to stroke, lifting her hips up just enough to let him feel the heat and dampness of her panties with every stroke.

"You know, I also enjoy cuddling?" A'saddam chuckled, sucking in a breath as he enjoyed himself.

"I am sure," Irene said and kissed him once more. When they broke, she stroked faster. "Come on, old man, ruin these panties you bought me."

Her request was met, as A'saddam began to cum, his cock spraying seed onto that regal, imported undergarments. Irene felt her eyes flutter as she felt his warmth on her body, regretting not letting him place it within her tight, contracting folds.

Thankfully, her lover could go for some time. She removed her gown and peeled down the cummy panties, licking a few thick ropes off, before tossing them and laying back. 

"You know they can come back at any time?" A'saddam commented, but wasted no time pulling her legs apart.

"Then you better make me satisfied or I will wail for the entire suburb to hear." Irene giggled and gasped as she was penetrated. She immediately wrapped her arms around A'saddam's neck, holding him close as he began to thrust into her. "Men half your age do not even compare!" She called out.

The compliment seemed to be the encouragement the dusky male needed, as he started to pick up speed and tantalize every inch of her tight, aching body. She felt her toes curl, her eyes flutter, and her stomach tug and tighten; she could feel herself reaching her peak.

It came shortly after she felt A'saddam's seed pump into her womb and flood her body with warmth. She came hard on his cock, feeling her body squirt and rush out of her and onto his hips. She whimpered and panted as she had weeks of wound up lust finally released.

They had, skillfully, moved into the private room with the stained pillows and continued enjoying one another until the moon was high in the sky and they fell asleep intertwined beneath the sheets and pillows.

Irene could explain it to Saris later.

***

"And that star? They say that is where Anu put Ali the Blessed." Karim pulled Sa'yidda closer and pointed to the brightest star in the night sky.

"Ayyub the mighty," she replied and enjoyed his warmth as they lay on the blanket.

"I prefer Ali. It was the name the Shah gave him." Karim sighed and smiled. "Thank you for covering with your father."

"I mean, you do technically hang out in Gregor's shop," she said and kissed his exposed chest.

"Not helping him, though I do slip him some coin from time to time. He has been good to me." Karim took in a deep breath. "Do you smell that?"

"The sea? It is salt."

"No, I mean that. The smell of the world, the city, the ships, the spices-even the cum of the brothels!"

"Ew!" Sa'yidda instantly shot up and pinched her ears. "Ew, ew! That is gross, why would you bring it up?"

"I was teasing!"

"It is bad enough I know my father is probably-EW!" She started walking about and repeating herself. She hated knowing her father was doing THAT, and with a woman only five years older than her!

Although she did make her father happy, and he had been such a lonely man since her mother died. Eventually, Sa'yidda let her overreaction fade and sat back down. Karim was laughing and grinning like a fool. 

"What?" she asked.

"Ew, ew ew!" he said and imitated her motions. She tackled him to the ground and sat on his stomach. He was so cute when he was caught off guard that she could not help but kiss him shortly after.

"Hey..." Karim said and propped himself up; which caused Sa'yidda to slide down to his lap.

"Hey?" she replied.

"I just... I really like spending time with you." His time spent started to poke at her thigh.

"And I do with you, but I do not want to do that yet. It is scary." Sa'yidda shifted, but did not get off his lap.

"I know. Maybe with your hand?" Karim grinned.

"I said no." She crossed her arms and huffed. He leaned in to kiss her. "I said no..."

"I know. I will not push." He tucked some black hair behind her ear and grinned. "I guess I will just need to imagine that day, when you and I take that step."

"Hehe... that is gross." Sa'yidda went to kiss him, but something nearby made her stop.

"Assam, friends." A voice said as boots glided along the earth. Even cowled, the voice was distinctly feminine, despite the rather bulky leather armor and plate armguards. She carried a large kite shield and a sadistic longsword at her hip.

And emblazoned on her chest was a symbol that made Sa'yidda shake in fear.

"I appear to be lost." The woman stalked them. "I am looking for the market. Can you assist me?"

Neither answered the woman, instead they both rose slowly and held hands. Karim tried to appear strong, but his athletic frame and boyish curls were not something to fear.

"I am sorry, did you not understand me?" She moved closer. "Assam, jassier marketta slavi?"

"It is closed." Karim managed to blurt out. "We are just watching stars."

"I see." The woman showed pristine teeth and gave a cruel curtsy. "I will leave you be then. Please, enjoy the night. It is a lovely evening." She turned and walked away, her cape fluttering in the wind. Both youths waited until she was gone, before even taking a breath.

They returned to her home as fast as they could, shut the door to the roof, and held each other in the candle-lit corner of the second floor.

[Please rate and comment! Your feedback is invaluable!

Also feel free to follow my profile to keep up with my writing process!]