 This story and or any portion of this story may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the copy write owner, except for the brief quotations used in a review. 

This is a work of fiction, names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or used fictitiously, and resemblance to any actual person, living or dead, business establishments, events or locals is entirely coincidental. I used some of the works in the book Fire Starter to base the first two chapters on, after that it was all my work. 

Many thanks to my two fine editors Barney R, and John M for making this story flow better with less spelling mistakes. 

Copy Right 2016 Red Tempest 

The Sands of Time 

By Red Tempest 

Chapter One 

This takes place on the planet Surnova during the end of their dinosaur period. The humans here evolved faster than did their counterparts on Earth 

Hi, my name is Red Hawk. That was the first bird my dad saw when I was born, hence the name. I am the chief spear maker for our tribe. I have been since my dad was killed by the bite of a poisonous snake. I started learning the trade when I was four years old, that was thirteen summers ago. The chief spear maker title has been in our family for as long as I have known. My Dad was, so was my grandfather and so was his father. 

There was a lot to know about spear making. I needed to know how to pick the right stones to chip into a spear head. I had to make sure and get the right shaft. Each hunter in our tribe takes a different type of spear shaft. Wolfgard our chief takes the heaviest and Stumpy takes the lightest shaft. I needed to have plenty of inventory, to take care of each hunter. 

Then there was the ritual, where I captured a bird and gave the chant and released the bird. If the bird flies straight, then so will the spear. I had to make sure and pick the right bird, because each bird will fly in different patterns. 

Usually when they go out to hunt, I stay back and help protect the women and elderly. The fire starter and the shaman also stay back with me. If we are planning to stay in an area for a while, then the tents will spring up, if not we sleep under the stars. The tribe was ever moving in search of food. 

Usually once a year we head to the Great Meeting Grounds to mingle with other tribes. We trade with each other. Also the males of age look to take a mate. The females of age may be taken as a mate from another tribe. It was written in the tribe laws that are carried by the shaman, that we should not mate within the tribe. Nobody questions the tribal law. 

At the last Meeting Grounds gathering, I met up with an old spear maker. He gave me a throwing stick. 

He told me, "This stick has great magic in it. If I am worthy the stick would reveal the magic to me." 

I played with the stick, but for the life of me, I couldn't get it to work. The stick wouldn't show its magic to me. 

The tribe came to a great meadow. The were some giant bison grazing there. The hunters started a fire drive to trap the bison against the river. But one spot in the meadow was green and didn't burn like the rest of the meadow. The worst hunter Stumpy was there to try and block the bison escape. He failed when he stabbed at a big bull bison and his spear was just brushed off. The rest of the hunters tried to get there to help him, but they were too far away. 

I have been practice with the magic stick. I was beginning to get the hang of how it worked. I could throw a spear farther than Wolfgard could. The problem was controlling the throw. 

The hunters came back to the fire in the late afternoon. They were tired and hungry from chasing the giant bison. Just when they started to settle around the fire for the night, Wolfgard leaped to his feet with club in hand. A pack of wild dogs swept in to attack. The hunters went on the offence to protect the women. This was one of my few chances to use a spear or club without violating tribal laws. 

One of the dogs got past the hunters and reached the women. I ran back and attacked the dog with a crushing blow to its head, killing it. The damage was done, one of the women was injured. It was Sparrow, Wolfgard's daughter. The dog had mangled her thigh and it was bleeding. The shaman and women were working on her leg to stop the bleeding. 

We had food to last a few days. Dog meat was ok to eat, but did not give us the fuel and strength that bison meat does. The tribe rested for a few days. It gave me a chance to re-supply my shafts and stone tips. 

As usual the need for food caused the tribe to break camp and wander in search of food. The strong survive and the weak and injured perish. Wolfgard led the hunters, the women followed, and I brought up the rear with a few other men. The women folk tried to help Sparrow keep up with the hunters, but they were falling behind. 

The hunters stopped on top of a hill that overlooked the valley. In the meadow below was a woolly rhinoceros, a very dangerous animal with two deadly horns on its snout. The hunters approach the beast in a semicircle, pinning the rhino between them and the river. 

The grass was green and too low to use as a fire drive. 

The hunters were closing in on the rhino, when I got out my magic stick and heaved a spear at the rhino. The spear came off my stick wrong and just sort of wobbled towards the rhino, striking the beast. The enraged rhino charged the closet hunter which was Stumpy, goring him on his snout horns. 

Wolfgard whirled and shouted at me, "You have broken the tribal laws for the last time Spear Maker, now you are not part of us. I banish you from our tribe." 

The hunters grabbed all the extra spears and left me standing there. The women looked back at both me and Sparrow, as they followed the hunters. They knew that two lone humans didn't stand much of a chance without the tribe. 

I stood there stunned at what just happen. I knew we needed to get back to the old camp site. I hoped that there were some hot embers to make a fire. I had watched the fire maker many times make a fire and knew that he used dead wood. I headed back there as fast as I could go, but stopped suddenly. I noticed that Sparrow wasn't following me. 

I looked back and she was just standing still. I walked back to her and helped her walk back to the old camp site. When we got there, I started to blow on the ashes. I blew the ash off and got down to some hot embers. I then went into the woods looking for some dead wood. I got a couple of large branches and threw them on the fire. We both watched, but nothing happened. 

"Break some of the twigs off the branch and put them on the embers," Sparrow said. 

I followed her advice and soon I had a roaring fire going. Now I had a new problem, it was burning up the wood faster than I could get it. Soon I was throwing anything I could find, both dead and green wood. I notice that green burned slower than the dead wood. I went back into the woods and got a large supply of both types of wood. 

My next problem was getting us some food. I took out my magic stick and the two spears that I had with me and went hunting. I got lucky and the stick worked fine. I brought down a nice buck. On the way back I passed an over turned tree. I could hear some barking and growling. The roots had made some type of a den and there were two pups in there. I grabbed them and took them back to the camp with me. I figured to tie them up. When the time came and we were short of food, we would have these two pups to kill for food. 

We have been here for over two weeks and Sparrow's leg was healing to the point that she no longer limped. The two dogs have both grown, must weigh ten to fifteen pounds by now. I have modified my spears into large darts for my magic stick. I spent a lot of time working on this and our food supply was getting low. She brought me berry cakes for dinner. 

"Where is the meat?" I asked. 

"You haven't been hunting, we are all out," she replied. 

I untied the two dogs, planning to kill one of the dogs to for dinner. She darted in, and snatched it out of my hands and dashed off towards the rocks, with the other dog in hot pursuit of her. That pissed me off and I chased her in anger. She stumbled and I caught up to her and the dogs. She turned around and her eyes got wide with fear. I turned and looked back. 

There between us and the fire was a Sabre Tooth Tiger. 

I should have never let a predator get between us and the fire. The cat knew it had us trapped. I slowly worked Sparrow back towards the rocks, the cat slowly walked towards us. Suddenly the two dogs attacked the cat. While the cat was busy with the two dogs, we raced back to the fire with the cat chasing us. The cat had killed one dog and the other was nipping at its back legs. 

When we got to the fire and I grabbed my throwing stick and darts. When the cat came into range, I fired off a dart hitting it in the back. The cat reared up on his hind legs and I fired the next dart right into its throat. There was still a lot of fight in the cat, but the third dart into its side put the cat down. 

I skinned both the cat and the dead puppy and gave the meat and skins to Sparrow. I went over to my pile of wood, and get some more wood for the fire. When I got back, she had some of the cat meat cooking on the fire for our dinner. I gave the surviving male dog a nice choice piece of the cat meat. 

I had killed a few deer and now we had deer skins to lay on for sleeping mats, and the cat fur was a blanket. We lay next to each other on the deer skins. Sparrow was a year younger than me. She had brown hair and eyes, with a lithe body and budding breast. 

She rolled next to me and gave me a kiss. She looked at me with those soft brown eyes. 

"Red Hawk, please make love to me? I don't want to die, without knowing what it was like to have a man thrust his... his thingy into me," she asked me with a kiss. 

I have never been with a woman and had no idea on just what to do. We both had watched our elders have sex. Most of the time the woman just bends over and the guy puts it to her from the back side. Every so often a couple will have full sex, where the man will suck on the woman's boob, and finger her pussy. But that was usually done in the privacy of a tent. 

We both took our furs off and laid there next to each other. I leaned over and gave her a kiss, and squeezed her small breast. I pinched her nipple, which caused her to flinch. I rubbed and played with both of her boobs. Her little nipples stuck up straight and hard. 

"Suck on them," she urged me. 

I went down and sucked on both of her boobs and nipples. I could hear her breathing increase to a pant. Her hands pushed my head down on her boobs harder. I bite her nipple a little too hard and she yelped in surprised pain. 

I rolled her over on her stomach. She raised her behind up toward me. I rammed my cock into her and she gave a sharp scream. 

"Are you ok?" I asked her with some concern. 

"I think so, but just hold on for a little bit until I get used to you being inside of me," she said with tears running down her cheeks. 

She started to move and I started to thrust my cock back and forth inside of her. Soon we had a rhythm going and she started to moan. I could feel something funny start to happen to my cock. I gave a groan as I shot my load of cum deep into her pussy. 

Being a seventeen-year-old, my cock seemed to stay hard forever, I kept ramming it into her. I could feel her getting sloppy from the combination of our cum mixing together. Her pussy was tight and her muscles were gripping my cock with each thrust. Soon I felt that same feeling again and I shot another load deep inside of her. 

We rested for a while and then I remounted her from behind and rammed my cock deep inside of her again. I fucked long deep and fast. I could hear her moaning and groaning with her breathing coming in gasps. I again could feel that feeling in my cock, and I dumped my third load of the night deep into her pussy. 

Finally, I pulled out exhausted. We laid down on our deer skin to sleep, with her curled up next to me. 

In the morning, I was putting some wood on the fire. I heard her grunted a couple of times. I looked over at her and she had her lovely naked ass pointing at me and she was shaking it. I dropped my furs and walked over to her. I knelt down and put my cock into her pussy. She was dripping wet and I slid right in. I pounded away at her, with her gasping and grunting with each thrust. It wasn't long and that feeling came over me. I made another deposit of cum deep inside of her. We both collapsed panting from the exertion. 

After a while, it was time to move, the game was getting scarce. I have nine darts now in the holder she made for me from the dead puppy's hide. I knew what stones to use to start fires with and gather some of them. We loaded up what we could take and left. I had no idea where to go, so we started to trek off toward the north. 

After a few months of wandering, I approached a small group of men in their camp. I had left Sparrow and the dog back in the woods, while I checked this out. They were slavers, which attacked tribes to steal their women to sell to other tribes, or use as sex slaves. 

The slavers spotted me and chased me into the woods where I had Sparrow and the dog waiting. I entered the woods and I turned to make my stand. I took the first couple of slavers down fast with my darts. Now there were just two of them. They backed off until they could figure out what just hit them. 

I sent Sparrow out into the open to incite them. Which worked perfectly, when they saw her, they immediately charged forward and I dispatched the remaining two. 

I searched their bodies and took a hatchet and bone knife off the leader and hatchets off the other three. Their spears and clubs were junk next to mine. I grabbed my darts out of their bodies. We walked slowly into their camp. There we found two naked girls tied up. They told us how a large group of slavers raided their tribe camp and stole them away from their families. This happened while the hunters were away hunting for food. The group then split up, with these four escorting the girls back to their main camp. 

The oldest was called Robin, and her friend was called Fawn. Robin was just a year older than me, and Fawn was around Sparrow's age. They both had dark hair and brown eyes. Their bodies were similar to Sparrow's. 

I now had a problem on what to do with these two girls. I couldn't just leave them and they didn't know how to get back to their tribe. I could see no other choice but to ask them to join us, but that met two more mouths to feed. 

After hearing their story, I decided to head back to our first camp site. I knew when the slavers found this camp site, the dead men and the girls gone. They would be seeking revenge. It would be best if we were long gone by then. 

Chapter Two 

After hearing the girls story, I decided to head back to our first campsite. I knew when the slavers found this campsite. They would be seeking revenge. It would be best if we were long gone by then. 

I went around about way to try and confuse the trail. We back tracked a lot. Between the walking, finding food and shelter, there wasn't any time for Sparrow to copulate with me. We spent a lot of nights up in trees for shelter. The dog slept at the base of the tree. There wasn't much that was going to harm a full-grown dog. 

One night I heard the dog growl. I climbed down to the lowest limb and there challenging the dog was a dire wolf. The biggest of the wolf family, a large male can get five feet long and up to 175 pounds in weight. 

I leaped down to help the dog. I grabbed my club and spear, and attacked the wolf. Between the dog and myself, we took the wolf down. I hacked off the legs and handed them up to Sparrow. 

I cut off some more of the meat and handed it to the girls. We ate in the dark. The dog was below eating his share of the wolf. Hopefully the scavengers will clean this mess up. But if the slavers come this way, they will know that we were here. Because there was only a few predators' that can kill a full grown dire wolf and man was one of them. 

It took over a month to get back to our old campsite. When we got there I immediately set out to get some fire wood. With the girls help we dragged up a bunch of branches and logs. I got some kindling and soon the fire was going. 

Next it was time to go hunting. I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of game that was here. I decided to make a map of my territory and divided it into quarters. I would hunt one quarter at a time. The dog got on the scent of a buck and it ran in front of me. I took it down with one dart and hauled the buck back to camp. 

The girls were busy making baskets and getting our water skins filled. We cleaned the deer and had a good meal. After dinner I went out and got some more wood. When it got dark, we rolled out our deer skin bedding. 

Sparrow stripped and snuggled up to me. She grunted a couple of times and shook her pretty ass at me. I was ready, as it had been a while. I plowed my cock deep inside of her. It didn't take me long and I shot a load of cum inside of her pussy. 

The other two girls watched us fuck and they both stripped their clothes off. They both bent over and shook their pretty asses at me and grunted. 

"Have you ever done this before?" I asked them. 

They both shook their heads yes. 

"The slavers did that to us almost every night," Fawn said. 

I moved over to Fawn and rubbed my cock over her pussy lips. She was wet and my cock slid right in. I pumped her for a while and she was moaning and groaning. 

"Ohhh!! that feels so good," she yelped. 

I lasted a lot longer this time, since I had dumped a load into Sparrow earlier. After a few minutes I could feel that funny feeling in my cock and I shot some ropes of cum deep into her pussy. 

"I need to rest for a while," I told Robin. 

She gave me a disappointed look. 

I laid down and went right to sleep. In the middle of the night I woke up and put some more wood on the fire. 

Robin was awake and she crawled over to me. I started to rub her breast, they were bigger than Sparrow's. Her nipples stuck out farther than Sparrow's did. I dropped my head down and started to suck her nipples. 

"Suck them harder," she cooed. 

She then rolled over and stuck her ass up in the air and I slammed my cock inside of her as far as it would go. I pound her hard until I made her scream out in delight. I filled her full of my hot cream. 

For the next few weeks I fucked the girls continuously. Each tried to outdo the other in fucking me. They were running me ragged, between fucking the three girls, getting enough wood for the fire and hunting for food on the table. 

The dog and I were out hunting north of our camp, when we came across a cave bear. This bear was huge close to 1000 lbs. Something spooked it and it started to lumber back to his cave. A pack of huge dire wolves swept in and attacked the bear. 

When the dust cleared the bear was still standing and the wolves left licking their wounds. At least a third of the pack laid there dead. There was no way that bear should be alive. A pack of dire wolves will kill anything. The bear had the perfect defense, protected on three sides by his cave. 

Watching this caused me to do some thinking on the way back to camp. The girls and I needed some place safe to stay. The cave looked like a good idea to me. I got back to camp and discussed this idea with the girls. 

We spent a week getting prepared to attack the bear. When the wind became right, I put the plan into effect. I had the dog attack the bear and chase it back into its cave, the girls and I hauled up branches, grass, and muck grass. Soon I had a fire going, thick with a heavy yellow smoke, that the wind was blowing right into the cave. 
