 "May we honor his memory, and may he find peace in heaven." Irene made the sign of peace, two fingers to her forehead, her stomach, and twice to her left shoulder, before she picked up her fork. Saris admired the grace in which she held herself, especially for one still so young.

"May he find peace in heaven," Saris replied quietly and made the sign herself. It was the sign of Father Perunn, who helps ferry the soul to heaven. 

It brought her little comfort, however, as the king sat only a short distance away, surrounded by his accomplices and guards. He did not speak a single word, even as the others around him did. He was stoic, his eyes glass, and his jaw stiff as always. He had not even touched the mercy meal; a humble offering of fish, salad and a glass of water.

And it did not help Rudolph stood in the shadows nearby, glowering at every passerby or person who looked at the king for too long. Even when he appeared to stretch people felt ill at ease, especially those who were not of western descent.

She had seen first hand the knight's handiwork in slaughter. A behemoth of cruelty, reminding everyone of the violent founding of this land; when thousands of his kind stormed the shores and butchered anything they saw.

It was the one part of her people's history that reverberated throughout the centuries, creating a rift between east and west, neighbors and kinsmen. Not unwholly justified, but a true tragedy now viewed with hindsight.

"Mother, you have not touched your fish." Visarion spoke quietly. "Are you unwell?"

"Just sad, little one." Saris smiled, and began to eat. She had been allowed a place of honor beside her son, and a befitting place for a grieving widow. The meal continued in relative silence, as tradition dictated few words could be shared when eating to the memory of another.

But once a majority of the mourners had finished, and the patriarch said a final prayer, the conversations picked up. The tables had been cleaned, the platters removed and replaced with simple desserts and white wines, imported from the Empire. Everything went well for several hours, and Saris felt immense peace when she excused herself from the various condolences and fond wishes. The gentle breeze of the night air, bringing with it the smell of the sea and the various smells of the city, made her shiver in delight. In a way, she felt like Bran was beside her, especially as the wind caressed her cheek.

"I wish you were here Bran..." Saris said to the wind. "You would know what to do."

Instead, she was sharing a meal in the same keep with the man who took him away. She was being dismissed from the council based on her sex, and her son was being sought after and devoured by a strumpet princess. 

Gods, the girl had no class! She willingly played dumb and pretended she was inept at deciding desserts so the Duke could finger-feed her. Saris knew exactly the trick to make a strand fall down your chin so the man you are fawning after tugs it away with his thumb. She knows because she used that trick on Alexander!

The same Alexander who was now walking about her keep and being heralded as a man of happenstance, of simple bad luck. But they do not know him like she does. They do not know that behind those eyes lies a man governed by his emotions, willing to lash out in anger at even the smallest of slights. Not directly, but then what was Rudolph for?

They also do not know the kindness. In truth, very few do. The way he will give you a flower, or tuck hair behind your ear when it is out of place or the way he could recite poetry, or the way he would tear off his own cloak and give it to a ragged woman in the streets so she could swaddle her babe.

"...no," Saris said to herself. "No, no, do not do this. Get a grip, Saris!" She looked back into the keep, making sure no one saw her, and slapped herself. "He killed your husband. Maybe not directly but he did! And if it were different-"

"If what were different?" Alexander stepped out onto the balcony, overshadowed by the giant behemoth that was Rudolph. Thankfully, the giant lingered back.

"Your grace!" Saris feigned submission, her knuckles turning white as she gripped the railing of her balcony. "I was getting fresh air. I was hoping-"

"To be alone?" The king raised his hand and Rudolph turned his back to the door and menaced those who drew too close. "Sari, you are avoiding me."

"You know why," Saris replied. "And do not call me 'Sari'."

"That is how I always used to refer to you in private."

"That was when I actually cared enough to consider you a friend."

"Just a friend?"

"You know what I mean." She cursed herself for even mentioning it, especially as those eyes turned dour at her words.

"Do I? Saris," the king stepped forward. "Please know, from the bottom of my heart, I meant no ill-will towards you. I did not seek Bran's death. It was an accident-"

"I have seen your accidents! I remember them all too well when your monster-" she choked on her own words as Rudolph turned his head back. He shrugged and adjusted the gorget on his neck.

"That was a long time ago. I was scared."

"You were jealous. You and I both know that."

"You are wrong." Alexander was closer now. "Saris, I love you."

"You mean loved." Saris glared.

"No. I do not misspeak. I never stopped." His honesty, the genuine expression in his eyes, was enough to make Saris shake. Half in fear, half in anger.

He is dangerously fond of you, Irene repeated in Saris' mind. It was true, so very true, and she hated it.

It caused her to explode. "Love? You love me? You killed my husband! You took my son's father away from him, because you love me?"

"Saris, that is not what I said!" The king turned back to the entryway, guarded by Rudolph. No one was close enough to the behemoth to hear them.

Thankfully. "You are a bastard. A liar, a monster-you are no different from any other man!" Everything that had been bothering Saris, every ounce of grief, was being unleashed at this moment. She wanted to hold nothing back. "You think of me as a piece of property, of something that you own? I CHOSE to break our betrothal, I begged for it! I would not, and will not, ever agree to marry a man who so carelessly values life-who-who kills people!"

The king merely stood there, as he had done before when he told her of his deed. He looked away, closed his eyes, and returned them to Saris. He had that dignity-that respect-at least.

"You took away my husband! You took away my son's father, and now he is being counseled and raised by-by-scum! By insolent, barely function boys pretending to be men, who care only about the size of their own influence! Who will not even let me, his mother, sit beside him and guide him! Who send me to my room like a child, who has not been helping govern this duchy for sixteen years!"

All was quiet shortly after that. Saris' chest was rising and falling with the throbbing of her heart and her hair had loosened about her face as she screamed. Her shoulders slumped and she fell back against the railing, and stared at her lovely little slippers.

Her gaze was lifted up by the king, who let their eyes meet as he raised her chin with his index and thumb.

"I am sorry," he said, and let her go. "I hope, in time, you will forgive me. If I could take back that moment, if I could know why Bran did what he did, I would. He was going to kill me, and I had no option."

Saris wanted to slap him, but she merely started to cry. Her entire world was unraveling, in the span of only a few weeks. But the king kept her head up, and wiped away her tears.

"I will never willingly hurt you, Saris." He lingered near her, as a man does expecting a kiss. But neither of them made a motion, save to part from one another. Saris watched as the king walked up to his behemoth, and said something to him. The knight saluted, and lumbered away.

Saris excused herself from the mourning, labeling it to grief, and went to her room to sob. She would have to apologize to her son for missing his crowning, but the events of the evening were too much for her broken heart.

Before she left, however, she saw Irene speaking to Rudolph. She was so small compared to the beast, yet she appeared calm and counted to four on her fingers.

***

Saris awoke the next morning as she often did, in bed with Irene. She was too sorrowful to change out of her mourning vestments, the once elegant maroon silks now a crumpled mess. She cursed and pulled herself away from the younger girl, and sat at the edge of the bed.

It was enough of a commotion to stir the little brunette who stretched and yawned before poking the older woman. "Good morning. Sleep well?"

"...surprisingly." Saris had indeed slept peacefully, not a dream or nightmare to stir her. "How about you?"

"I slept well. Maybe a bit messy."

"You know the makaria was for mourning Bran, not flirting with whoever it is you are infatuated with?"

"Sari, please. You do not even want to know how it went?"

The older woman frowned, before moving closer. "What happened?"

Before Irene could speak, a knock was heard at their door. The handmaiden slipped out of bed, put on a nearby robe, and opened the door.

It was Jovan Andaric, looking rather flustered and ragged, as if he had not been to sleep since the day before. "Saris!" he called before Irene could speak. "Saris, are you awake and feeling well?"

"I am, Jovan." Saris reached for her own robe, not necessarily needing it but not very comfortable with him seeing her messy attire. "Irene, let him in."

The man stumbled in before falling to his knees. He put his hands together and held them up to Saris. "I beg your forgiveness! I was such a fool, overcome with grief."

"...what?" Irene commented from nearby.

"Jovan, what is wrong?" Saris asked.

"I should not have dismissed you. I was a terrible, terrible fool! Every man knows a strong man requires a stronger woman behind him! Your son needs your delicate touch and grace, Saris. Please, please let me escort you back to the counsel and accept my most humblest of apologies!"

It was all too fast. Irene looked like she was ready to burst out laughing, and Jovan was shaking as if overcome with fear. Saris herself merely stood with her mouth open, unable to comprehend what was happening!

"I... accept? Let me just... get dressed?" She motioned for Irene to help the apologetic Jovan out the door, and shut it on him.

The two women merely looked at each other, one in disbelief and the other nearly in a fit of laughter.

"You know, I thought the rumors about Rudolph were just rumors, but he does have a way with men!" Irene let it all out, laughing and falling to the floor.

"W-What does Rudolph have to do with anything?" Saris frowned and bit her lower lip in anxiousness. "Irene... what did you tell him when he approached you last night?"

"He asked me who was advising Duke Visarion. I told him." Irene raised an eyebrow. "I do not know why he asked but... I assume he went to speak to Jovan?"

Not just Jovan, as Saris learned when she walked into the council room. A brand new chair had been fashioned right beside the ducal seat and all the men within inclined their heads and asked her forgiveness in slighting her. She had never experienced so much adulation in her life.

"What the hell did Rudolph do?" she asked quietly and took a seat beside her son. For the next several hours her words were listened to like they were precious gems. If she suggested something, it was almost certainly done. When the council had been dismissed and Saris took leave of her son, she ordered two guards to accompany her to the city gates.

True to his word, the king had arranged a small encampment, no more than five large tents, for his escort. He did not bring many people, but the few he did bring were known to Saris and some even acknowledged her arrival with casual waves.

"Patriarch," Saris said and bowed respectfully.

"Saris! It has been nearly a decade since you traveled out of your city!" Malmir chuckled and leaned on his censer staff.

"I had no reason to leave until now." She toyed with her ring finger, and the band which Bran had given her on their wedding day. "There is plenty to love in my city."

"An entire kingdom to visit. But that is neither here nor there. Looking for Lex?"

"His majesty-"

"Saris, please." Malmir waved his staff. "Drop the pretenses, girl. We have all known each other for too long."

"You are overly lax on proper form, your grace."

"I am overly tired of it, Saris. We are not in court, we are merely two people conversing." The older man kept a smile. "Lex is over by the horses writing poetry."

"He still finds the time to do that?"

"Even kings need hobbies. Shall I send someone to fetch him?"

"No. I want to speak to him privately." Saris took her leave, after being directed where to go by a nudge of the patriarch's staff.

The king sat cross-legged on a carpet, with an inkwell and paper. His lips moved on their own as his quill moved gracefully across the white canvas. He looked at peace, and Saris quietly remembered what it was like to lay her head on his shoulder and sleep as he composed.

But a twist of her ring finger reminded her of hard truths, and she boldly interrupted the king with a clear of her throat. "Your majesty."

"Saris?" The king replied, setting his quill to the side and rising. Her dusted off his trousers and adjusted his tunic. He looked informal, without his crown, chain and sash. She might have confused him for a country bumpkin! "What brings you by?"

"I wanted to speak to you," she said. Her eyes drifted down to the paper. "You still write poetry?"

"On occasion. It helps me convey what I cannot say."

"Alex-"

"I meant what I said." The king frowned. "I want you to-"

"Not... not that." She raised a hand and turned away. "What did you order Rudolph to do last night?"

"Nothing. I merely informed him of a situation regarding one of my vassals suffering from ill counsel. I asked him to remedy it. Did he?"

"The entire council was groveling. It... It was pathetic, truly." Saris tightened her jaw and took in a deep breath. "From you."

"From... me?"

"Who else could I be referring to? First you tell me you love me and then you send your collared giant to threaten my council?"

"Your son's council, which you are a part of now." The king crossed his arms. "And I do not control how Rudolph handles my orders."

"I am surprised he did not break their necks!"

"He is a man who can kill, but he is not a killer."

"What did you think sending him was going to do, besides frighten me and threaten my court?" Saris balled one hand. "Did you think I would thank you?"

The king remained silent. He turned his eyes up to the sky, squinted them, and then scratched his chin. "No," he finally said. "I expected you to run this duchy, and guide your son to be a good duke."

"How does any of this benefit you?" Saris replied.

"Besides the fact that you both are my subjects, and therefore my responsibility?" the king answered. "Besides the fact that I know you to be an exceptional woman, with a talent of management rivaled by none, and that benefits my kingdom as a whole by having a say in her own council?"

"Stop with your damn flattery, Alex!" Saris snapped. "I will not, and cannot, forgive you for what you did!"

The king raised both hands. "I did what I had to as a king."

"You never change, always flipping your heart on a whim!"

"I am a king. My word is-"

"You are a tyrant!" Saris cried. "You killed my husband, you threatened my court and you have the gall to-to-" Saris threw her hands in the air. From the outside, the two were acting so much like children.

"I did what I had to as a king!" Alexander took a bold step forward, his lips pulled back in a snarl. "He was going to kill me!"

"Bran would never hurt anyone without a reason!"

"He was a man, Saris! He was a man, like any other!" The king turned away and straightened his back. There was a silence, only broken by the sound of metal brushing against metal, and chains ringing.

Rudolph's shadow loomed over both nobles, and the man's bald head was wet with sweat. "It is time to go, my king. We need only pack the tents." His eyes turned to Sairs. "Your grace."

"Rudolph..." Saris whispered and averted her eyes.

"How was counsel?"

"Enough, Rudolph." The king took up the paper he had been writing on, flicked it dry, and folded it. "Here."

"What?" Saris merely stared, not wanting to touch the flimsy thing as it fluttered lightly in the growing wind.

"Read this when you will. I wrote it to tell you something, since we both know I never could find the right words." He pushed it out further. "Take it."

Saris eventually did, and held it against her chest. The king cleared his throat, and walked off with his bodyguard. The ground shook, unknown whether by Saris' anxiety or the size of the behemoth. She could not have walked faster back to her chambers.

***

Alexander could not have walked faster to his horse. He struggled to mount it, his legs shaking, and eventually had Rudolph assist him.

"She was pleasant, as usual." The knight chuckled. He had no horse, because nothing could support his weight.

"I should not have yelled back."

"She is strong willed and eager to spit venom. Women can be like that." Malmir adjusted his shawl.

"I think you handled it well." Rudolph leaned on his pole axe. "Fuck, do you remember when she learned we ran out of wine?"

"The cooks still remember that, those that are still in our service of course." Malmir gave a boisterous laugh. "They have not run out since, even though she is long gone."

"In their defense, she was not supposed to be drinking so much." Alexander beckoned the procession with his hand, and they began their slow walk.

"The wine drinking also affected you, Lex." Rudolph was grinning. "Milorad spent the entire night helping you empty your stomach."

"Ah, the joys of youth." Malmir turned to the king. "You and Saris were quite the pair."

"And then I bungled it." Alexander pinched the space between his eyes. "Can we refrain from this? I am starting to feel regret."

"More than usual?" Rudolph laughed.

"It was not your fault. He went berserk." Malmir sighed and looked up to the sky.

"...Rudolph, why did you make my intentions for her council obvious?" The king tried to change the subject.

"Lex, I am almost twice the size of regular man, upwards and sideways, with muscles thicker than brick. Asking me to sneak around would be like asking Malmir to swim across the ocean to the Pagan Coast."

"Fair point."

"All I did was politely speak to the Andaric. I am sure word of mouth did the rest." Rudolph chuckled. "You know me. Always the diplomat."

The king shifted in his saddle. He had done the right thing, given Saris what she wanted, but felt no better about it. "If I kept my tongue still..."

"You would make a shit king," Rudolph said.

"And Branimir would have still be alive."

"True. But then you would need to watch your darling Saris hug him, kiss him—probably fuck him."

"...I really do not want to be king."

"I think every good king thinks that." Malmir withdrew a skin of water. "If it were easy, all men would be kings. And women queens."

"Truth." Rudolph laughed.

"But where is the line drawn between a good king, a mad king, and a tyrant?" Alexander asked. He never received an answer.

*****

[Please rate and comment! Do not be shy, because your feedback helps me become a better writer!

Also feel free to follow my profile to keep up with my writing process!]