 Her response to my questions about the events surrounding the mask only angered her. We started to drift farther apart so she suggested that we see a marriage counselor. Since we weren't even sleeping in the same bed at this point I thought it was a good idea.

She thought I was crazy because I keep asking about the sex we had when she was dressed as Venus. Finally I stopped talking about it.

I would have started to agree with her that I was losing it but there were changes going on with both of our bodies. Her breasts were bigger and her nipples seemed to be getting more sensitive. She was going braless more often than not and her nipples were almost always hard. She said her bras were uncomfortable. Her nipples were also puffy now and they weren't before. Her legs were becoming shapelier and her ass was sexier than I thought was possible.

My body was changing too. My abs were becoming more like six packs. My chest was getting a v shape. My arms and legs gained muscle. My cock grew at least two inches in length and an inch in diameter.

This was all fucking incredible. I guess magic was real but she needed to know what was going on. Venus was changing both of us for her own unknown purpose. The problem was my wife could not see any of the changes. Maybe if we go to a therapist the therapist will see the physical changes. I mean we will have to see the therapist more the once.

I was willing to do whatever I needed to do to improve my marriage so I agreed to start seeing the marriage counselor. We went to our first appointment and to my surprise the counselor was a hot blond. She did not come close to my wife, in the sexiness, of course. She seemed very professional at our first meeting.

The therapist met us at the door. She was wearing a nice professional outfit that still showed off her shape. She had nice legs and her breasts were a bit smaller then my wife's. When she walked back to her desk I checked out her ass, it looked sweet.

We talked about taking our time and me giving my wife enough space to get comfortable with her body before I try to seduce her. I did not bring up the mask at this time, it did not seem like a good idea. We scheduled another appointment and went home.

I didn't see the mask for the next week, but our bodies continued to change as my cock grew and my body become more muscular. My wife's body was becoming so fucking hot that whenever we were out in public men and women couldn't help starring at her. Even her eyes were even changing, they gave off a kind of a sparkle when you looked into them. Both of our bodies gave off a healthy glow.

There was an interesting incident one evening. We were walking around our local strip mall when a guy came up to us. He was probably drinking a bit but be still should not have been so freaking rude. He went right up to my wife and put his hand on her breast. I grabbed his collar and his belt. In one move he was in the air over a parked car and in the street. We both just looked at him and shook our heads and continued the walk. We never even talked about it.

At our next appointment with our marriage counselor my wife said she felt like we were starting to drift apart. The counselor thought that we should find something that we could do together. I thought that was good advice. We scheduled another appointment and went home.

I asked her on the way home. "What do you want to do together dear?"

"I will have to think about that." she said.

I received a text message when I was at work on Friday afternoon. My wife wanted to meet me in the city at a hotel bar that we had partied at in the past. I replied that I could be there by 7:00. I parked the car and walked into the bar. It was somewhat full, but I saw a spot at the corner of the bar that had an empty stool and a rose sitting on the bar in front of it. I guessed this was for me so I sat down. The bar tender came up and asked me if I was Mr. Mars. I told him I was. 

"You're a lucky man." He said and he gave me a cold mug of my favorite beer. 

When I was almost finished, the barkeep gave me a card key and told me it was for suite 1001. I found the elevator and road up to the tenth floor. There was only two suites on this floor and I used the key to enter 1001. No one was there.

My phone told me I got a text message just as I walked in the door. The message was from Venus.

Apparently Venus now had her own email address. I read the message. It told me that I should take a shower and get comfortable. I thought it sounded like a good idea since no one else was there yet. I went into the bathroom and it was awesome. The shower looked like something out of a spaceship. Once I figured out how to turn on the water I really enjoyed the shower. The multiple shower heads were fantastic. 

When I was finished I found an old fashion shaving kit set out on the counter outside of the shower. The kind with a straight razor and brush. I lathered up and enjoyed a clean shave. I found the razor very sharp and it removed my five o'clock shadow very nicely. There was also a bottle of after shave so I used some. The smell reminded me of a gentle breeze in a pine forest but not overpowering. I put on the robe that was hanging on the back of the door.

I walked into the bedroom area and there was my wife with the mask, the sheer dress and the stilettos. She was standing there with her arm around our marriage counselor who was naked except a pair of black heels. Our counselor looked fucking incredible. Her legs were shapely and toned but not too muscular. Her hips curved just so and her breasts were a perky 35c. She had a nicely trimmed blonde patch of hair above her pussy. Venus had her arm draped her so she could play with one of her breasts. She was rolling her nipple between her fingers and thumb. I really didn't know what to say or do so I just stood there. The counselor was looking at me like I was a meal to be devoured.

Venus said "I brought you a play thing."

Then she slapped her on the ass and the counselor walked over to me and dropped down and took my cook in her mouth. I started to get hard right away. Because of the face that I have been growing, once I started to get hard, she had difficulty getting my cock into her mouth. Just fitting the head into her mouth was a challenge. 

She licked the length of my stiff cock and then opened her mouth wide enough to pull in as much as she could. She then started to stroke my cock with both her hands. Her head was bobbing over the head of my enlarged cock. I looked over at my wife as she slid her dress off and took off her shoes. She left the mask on. She watched as I got my cock worked on and then moved over to the bed and laid down. 

"Come over here and taste my pussy human bitch." she commanded. 

Our lovely counselor walked to the bed and laid between my wife's legs and started to lick her pussy. Seeing our counselor with her face buried in my wife's pussy and her ass in the air was one of the most erotic things if ever seen. My cock grew even larger right then. 

Both women were getting into it when Venus said "I brought you this female for you to fuck, I'm sure her pussy is ready for you cuck."

The counselor looked over at me and said "I need that big thing in pussy right now."

I climbed up on the bed behind my marriage counselor and I could see her pussy was ready for me. It was glistening with moisture and my cock seemed to move towards her on its own accord. The next thing I knew the head of my enlarged cock was sliding between her pussy lips. She was very tight, I wasn't sure that her pussy could take me in. My cock had grown to close to nine inches in length and maybe three inches in diameter. I gave my beast a gentle push and her pussy started to open up to let me in. I continued to apply pressure until I was buried to my balls in her pussy. I could see her diaphragm moving in and out so I knew she was breathing very heavy. I slowly pulled my cock out until only my head was inside her hot body then I slid all the way back in. Her head came up and she moaned.

Venus said "Did I give you permission to stop pleasuring me, female?" 

Our counselor said "No goddess."

Venus then pulled her head back down to her pussy. I saw my wife smile and she then started to play with her breasts. I had stopped fucking while this interplay happened and now I slipped my cock forward inside her tight pussy once again. She was so tight I swear I could feel every muscle move inside her as I slipped in and out of her pussy.

Venus said "I told you I would give you pleasure. I'm sure you're enjoying that tight pussy with your large cock. It's almost big enough to enter the perfect pussy of a goddess. For now I want to fuck that female and fill her pussy with your cum."

I stated to increase the speed of my thrusts into her pussy. In order for her to keep eating Venus's pussy while I pumped my cock into her pussy she wrapped her arms around the goddess's legs.

I started fucking her harder and faster. She moved her hands up to Venus's breasts, one hand on each breast. She squeezed her breasts harder and harder as I fucked her tight pussy. I was slamming into her as I felt myself building towards my climax. Finally I exploded into her pussy and our counselor's pussy ejaculated with me. I could hear Venus cry out as she had her orgasm. My cum and the counselor's poured out of her pussy when I pulled out of her. We all collapsed into a satisfied pile.

It was nice to find something that we can all to do together.

Venus told me to go wash up so I did. When I came back to the bedroom the women were both gone. I got dressed and went home. Once again my wife didn't mention anything about what we just did and she even wanted to know why I was late getting home from work. I make up some lame excuse about a project at work. 

I looked forward to our next appointment at the marriage counselors office.