 Stanislav buried his face into his palms. "She will be here in a few hours."

The council chambers of the keep were spacious and well light. Four windows brought natural light from the domed and mosaiced ceiling while a large map of the kingdom and beyond spread across the wall. In the center of the room was a table, with six chairs. Only three were occupied.

"Those birds travel fast," Malmir said and pulled his cassock tighter around his shoulders as he sat. "It will be good to have Saris back at court. She can liven the place up!"

"Or scream? Throw tantrums? The woman is a headache." Stanislav turned to the king, who stood nearby and stared out the window. "Why do you want her here so badly?"

"Karolina is a good steward, but she handles affairs poorly. Saris is the better choice for a steward. She was always good with money." Alexander smiled to himself. She was coming.

"You had six different options, all of similar pedigree, and you chose Saris? The woman who rejected you and whose husband you killed?" Stanislav ran his fingers through his thinning gray hair. "It is bad enough people think you are a murderer, Lex, and now you are going to be doting on a widow. The king who cucks the ghosts of his vassals!"

"I am not trying to win her over!" the king finally said. "She is a fantastic woman and well-worth her own weight in fiscal responsibility."

"Speaking of weight, how does she look nowadays anyway?" Nestor asked.

"She is in excellent shape for a mother of her age," Malmir replied and stroked his beard. "That budding girl grew to be a beautiful woman."

"Same lungs, too?" Nestor chuckled. The marshal kicked his feet up and reclined on the table. "I don't know what Vlach saw in her."

"The same thing I see," Alexander finally said. He turned to his council and extended his arms. "She is stubborn, loud and very opinionated. But she is also smart, caring and a true paragon of feminine virtue and diligence. Branimir was a lucky man when she agreed to marry him."

"Well, he's dead now," Nestor said. "So, I guess the lucky ones are us?"

"It is bad enough word of her arrival will spread like wildfire among the gossipers of the court. Karolina will be upset you are replacing her."

"She will understand," Alexander said. "I love her, as my own flesh and blood, but she has not been the same since Milorad died."

"Can you blame her?" Nestor growled. "They came out of nowhere, unprovoked!"

"The matter has been resolved, and reparations made," Stanislav said. "Enough of it."

"We lost many in that one battle alone! Entire families gone and worse-" Nestor was interrupted by a noise on the nearby window. 

Everyone turned their eyes to where the king stood and a now, much more squished bird with a golden anklet twitched on the glass. The window was opened, and the corpse retrieved.

"We have another problem," Alexander interrupted, reading the small letter sealed in the anklet.

"...fuck me." Stanislav took the paper and rubbed his temples. "She's coming too?"

"Oh no," Nestor said. "When?"

"A month from today, during the festival of Ishtar and Layla." Stanislav handed the paper to Malmir, who made the sign of peace upon his body. "She is bringing an elephant."

"It is bad enough I have had to shut down three different militant groups in the city alone. Now I need to maintain even more control when a Shah walks the streets?" Nestor spat into his hand, rather than the floor, and wiped it on his cloak.

"Maybe it will unite the people? Almost everyone disapproves of the Shah." Malmir chuckled.

"Do you always need to joke about these things?" The fourth councilman said and stepped out of his familiar, shadowed corner. His skin was like that of curdled milk, clashing with the black of his cassock. "Marshal, together we shall maintain peace during Shah Adrina's visit."

"How long have you been there?" Stanislav asked. "Do you always need to act like a vampire? You have a chair you can sit in."

"I am always here, and the sun hurts my skin. You know this." The man rolled his eyes.

"We need to laugh once in a while, Brother Cyril." Malmir reached for his censer staff. "Speaking of, have you made arrangements for the festival?"

"All suspected troublemakers have been compiled into a list by my associates and handed to the marshal. I trust he can accomplish the rest?"

"Some of those names are going to be tricky. I assume you have things to silence them when they are rounded up and detained?"

"Of course, Nestor. Always." Brother Cyril coughed into his hand. "I fear I am coming down with a cold."

"Does a corpse get sick?" Stanislav grinned and laughed. Malmir pursed his lips to stifle his own, but failed.

"Funny. Does that make your cousin a necrophile?"

"Enough," Alexander raised his hands. "Enough jesting. We need to prepare for Shah Adrina's arrival and Saris. Is her room ready?"

"I ordered the servants to make it so once I got the letter before coming here," Stanislav said. "Only the finest sheets and silks, with a ribboned bottle of Imperial wine. She will want for nothing."

"She will let us know if something isn't to her liking," Nestor said. "Of that, we can be sure." He blinked and slapped his knee. "Do you think she'll assume we're calling her a drinker for leaving wine?"

"...fuck!" Stanislav sat back down. "I did not think of that."

"Now you are being silly. She is not that cruel." Malmir shifted. "If anything, she will assume Lex left it for her as a token of affection."

"...fuck," the king said and pinched the space between his eyes. His head was starting to ache, partly from his anxiety and partly from the hard reality of what was about to unfold. He tried to distract himself. "Has anyone seen Karolina?"

"She is still touring the countryside last I heard from her attendant," Brother Cyril said. "She is assessing the fiscal worth of each county privately."

"A bit overzealous, perhaps? We have eunuchs for that." Nestor shifted and scratched his thick black beard, a testament to his mixed blood.

"Not when you skim off the top and target those you know who cannot fight against you," Malmir frowned. "It is indeed time to replace her. Her bias to half the people living in our kingdom is leading to more trouble than good."

"I have tried but-"

"She breaks down and cries until we relent. She's much like Saris, though more pitiful than emasculating." Stanislav sighed. "Women, more trouble than they are worth."

"I will let your wife know that," Brother Cyril said. "I am sure you will sleep comfortably on your lounge chair."

"I have a guest room. The bed is softer in there anyway." Stanislav turned to the king, and adjusted his own purple doublet. "Need anything else to discuss Lex? Saris was the last subject on the list."

"We've done more than talk about her, eh?" Nestor stood up and rolled his shoulders. His armor was custom made; eastern lamellar and western plate forged into something truly spectacular. "I will round up the accused and detain them. Better to do it before Saris sees me and throws a fit. Can I take Rudolph?"

"Granted. He should be just outside the door." Alexander pointed to the exit.

"That I am, your grace," Rudolph called out.

"The man has exceptional hearing." Brother Cyril slipped back into the shadows. "I will keep my associates notified, and return to you this evening with news from the other courts."

"Well done, all of you." Alexander raised a hand to them all. "Once we leave this room, you all know the decorum?"

"Of course, your majesty." All the men repeated it, and bowed their heads before departing. 

When they were gone, the king stepped out and locked the door, before letting out an exhausted sigh and pressing his forehead into the wood. He cursed as the crown made a loud clang against it. "Damn thing..." He slipped it off his head and looked at it.

The gold held his reflection almost perfectly, marred only by the rubies and sapphires and amethysts that decorated it. Between the gaps of each were serpentine waves that curled around to the final adornment; the seal of House Lukaric.

"This belongs on your head more than mine, Milorad," he whispered before putting it back on his head.

To be king in this land was terrifying. Alexander, like all did who were not mixed of blood or lacked the familiar dusk of the natives, felt like a stranger. They could have lived here all their life, and nothing would change about them, unless they converted or intermarried. For those who did not...

It was madness. Half of the kingdom was always on edge, with neighbors tearing neighbors from their homes or accusing one another of falsehood to promote themselves in the eyes of their zealous peers. Some days it would be the easterners, other days it would be the westerners, and every day the threat of an eruption loomed ever closer.

Should the easterners feel slighted, they will implore the Emirs and Sultans just beyond the borders for aid and assistance. And they will answer, declaring a holy struggle. Should the westerners feel threatened, they will clamor for a holy war. And the Grand Patriarch will answer, and every king who holds the faith.

The only outcome in both situations for Alexander's kingdom was submission. He would submit to the Grand Patriarch in Velinia, or be enslaved and ripped apart by the Caliphs. And that was to say nothing of the Shah, whose sorcerer-kings loomed as a constant threat beyond the northern Ashlands.

But he had promised his brother, long ago, he would fight for their home. And so, with a crown too heavy for his head, Alexander did his part. Even in private, assessing possible brides or interfaith alliances. But they all ended the same, with him thinking of only one other woman. Saris.

"Why do you plague me so?" he whispered as he walked the halls of his keep. He looked out to his city, the capital of his world, and felt a sense of loneliness. No king should rule alone, but his desired queen hated him. 

It happened by accident, so long ago, even before Alexander drove a sword through her husband's throat.

"What are you doing!" Saris had wailed. Her hair was a mess, her gown covered in blood and dirt. 

Outside the keep, Rudolph and his knights slaughtered the rioters and all those who protested the reparations. They knights impaled them on poleaxes and cut them down as they were trapped in the town square. The screams carried into the sky, the wails of women and youths harrowing.

"They are dangerous!" Alex had cried.

"They are people, Lex! People!" Saris went to run back out into the square, but was yanked back forcefully by one of the guards. "Let me go!" She kicked and thrashed and screamed, tears running down her face.

Dinner that night was cold. Saris ate nothing, and refused to even turn her eyes up to him. She left as quickly as she sat down, and a few hours later Alexander was informed that she was leaving. A week after her departure, a letter of their annulled betrothal. A week of kingship ended half a year of youthful love.

"You just keep messing things up with her, don't you?" he whispered to himself once more in the present. His city did not have the answer, so he made himself ready for the inevitable arrival of his former betrothed.

He returned to his room and changed into something more approachable and, most importantly, something Saris would like. He remembered her favorite color was red, so he selected a softer hue doublet with black pearl buttons and golden laces. He combed back his hair, cleaned his mouth with lemon, and dabbed some scented oils onto his neck and palms.

Where most kings would have a personal servant for such a task, Alexander grew up imagining he would not be king. He had learned to present himself accordingly, and he had Saris to thank for that. Just another sorrowful reminder of what he threw away with his actions.

He adjusted his crown and cleared his throat. "Saris! It is lovely to see you, welcome to Lukastan."

No, that would not work. So, he cleared his throat again.

"Saris? Welcome to Lukastan! I was expecting you later." Now he just sounded arrogant. He cursed at himself and cleared his throat a third time.

By the time he went down to the docks, his throat hurt, and he was frustrated at himself. Rudolph stood nearby, leaning on his poleaxe and sputtering. Neither men said anything, nor did Stanislav. In fact, they all held their breath as the ship settled into port.

"Beautiful day," Rudolph commented.

"That it is," Alexander replied.

"Damn hot though."

"Should you not be helping Nestor with his project?"

"I was, but I sent three of my knights to handle it. Me? My duty is to keep you safe, your majesty." Rudolph jerked a thick plated thumb. "Here she comes."

Saris Ancyzra, former duchess of Baltmirzan, stepped onto the docks of the capital city with all the grace of a royal. She kept her back straight, her shoulders steady, and her hands elegantly closed just above the hip. On each flank were two of her escort, each carrying a trunk of her belongings each. She appeared pensive, eyes shifting back and forth as if judging everyone in her sight.

Alexander stepped forward, but did not clear his throat. "Saris." he began. "Welcome back."

[Please rate and comment! Thank you!]