 Noble ladies, often, would request a partner for their bed should they have trouble sleeping. Or if the weather was poor. Or if they simply wanted someone to hold when their husband was out, and they desired the warmth of another body.

Saris was one of those ladies, and did not mind going to bed with another woman she found pleasant. But she had been taken aback by the sorceress' words. She spoke so differently, her demeanor was more whorish, that the Slavi had allowed her bias of the sorceress' kind to affect her judgement.

Well, she had been half right. Shah Adrina slept naked, her dusky skin and smooth, hairless body on display for whoever she chose to take with her beneath the sheets. On top of that, she tended to snore, and grind herself against the body while she dreamed. But Saris was never compelled to perform carnal acts with her, nor was she expected to.

And so, for the past two nights, Saris felt like a fool. She had judged this woman to be a wanton whore, but in truth she was merely an overly affectionate companion. She regretted ever thinking otherwise, for how could someone so pleasant be such ill company?

The woman rose from the silk sheets with a stretch and a yawn, her breasts on display and the dark brown nubs lightly peaked from the morning. She smiled dreamily at Saris, almost as if they had fornicated the nights before.

"Doing your hair?" she asked.

"Combing out the knots before I hop into the bath," Saris replied, and continued to run the comb through her black tresses. Not as curly or wavy as her companion, but elegant, nonetheless. "I cannot stay pristine as you do, Shah Adrina."

"What did I say? Call me Adri." The Shah yawned again and slipped from the bed. With a snap of her fingers the air itself began to swirl about her. Within the blink of an eye she was garbed in a lovely silk robe, that hid nothing. It served no purpose, then as an excuse to say she had indeed gotten dressed. "I told you, sleep with me and you will realize how wonderful I can be."

"I honestly thought you meant I would need to have sex with you." Saris frowned as she pulled at a knot.

"As fun as a woman's touch can be, I prefer men." The sorceress appeared behind Saris, but did not show in her mirror. 

It gave Saris pause, until she felt the dusky fingers rub her shoulders and neck. "May I ask you something?"

"What?" The sorceresses replied. Her fingers worked so perfectly against Saris' skin, even though she could not see her reflection.

"Are you a vampire?"

"No?" The sorceress furrowed her brows. "Why would—" She finally looked to the mirror and rolled her eyes. "Ah. That. Tell me, Saris, what do you know of sorceresses?"

"Not much." She frowned. "The tutors told me..." They are monsters. Hell's servants twisted in demon blood and forged from the womb of the Witch-Mother. "...nasty things."

"I can only imagine. Velinians have... strong opinions due to your Covenant."

"But I am not a Velinian?" Saris turned back to her. "I am Slavi."

"To me, you are Velinian. Your ancestors came from across the sea and conquered. I remember the day well." She stopped her massage and turned the chair around. "As you see me, is not the true me."

"Not the... true you?" Saris shifted as the woman, still naked, lifted her chin.

"You cannot see me because of polymorphism. I have magically altered my physical appearance. As such, it does not show in a mirror because it is not there. But it does not show my true self, because that has been changed so you can see me as I am."

"...but only vampires have no reflection." Saris cocked her head. "Right?"

"Vampires are also creatures of polymorphism." The sorceress stretched and pushed her chest forward. "Like me, they will not appear in a reflection, because the form you see them in does not exist."

"Then how would someone see you?" Saris felt curiosity gnaw at her brain. "If this is not you, how could one see the real you?"

"Certain creatures can. Djinn, wraiths, vampires, other Shah..." She clicked her tongue behind pristine teeth. "Elves."

"Imperials?"

"No. Elves. Real elves," Adrina said and straightened her back. "It is fascinating, really."

"I... I bet." Saris finally rose from her chair. "So... you are a monster?"

That brought a smile to the sorceress lips. She moved in close, and wrapped her arms around Saris' waist. She pulled her in, and pressed her forehead affectionately into the other woman.

"Do I look like a monster?" She smiles and gave Saris butt a squeeze before letting her go. "By the standards of academic study, yes. I am a monster. But so are humans. We could discuss it at length... but something tells me you do not have the knowledge to discuss it without me breaking to explain terminology."

"...are you saying I am stupid?" Saris cringed. "I will have you know I was educated by some of the best minds in Svetirat."

"Stupidity has nothing to do with it, dear." The sorceress winked. "But you are not a sorceress, nor are you a scholar on such a level to hold such a conversation. The Covenant would have burned you at the stake if you were."

Saris blinked several times before shaking her head. She raised a hand in defeat and turned back to the mirror. She looked at herself, and angled it back to where her companion stood.

Nothing was there.

"Burn me at the stake?" Saris repeated the words and turned back to the stretching Shah. "Why would they burn me? I would not be a heretic, and Malmir is open to all ideas and creeds, within reason."

"He is an exception. In truth, I respect a man like him. But he is an outlier, a random chance in a myriad of possibilities. The others..." The sorceress rubbed her shoulder and growled. It was not human, the sound that came from her throat.

The pair spent the next hour deciding what to wear. Saris did not mind the woman's insights, but she was nothing if not opinionated. Especially when it came to fashion.

"You are going to wear that?" she asked and frowned as Saris showed her a red silk gown, cut at the hem until it reached the knees, where it smoothed and curved to accentuate the hips.

"It comes with a bra top and a frill." Saris flicked the hanging silk below the bra. "I thought it would look good for the light breeze outside."

"It is, but for the night. In summer. When you are trying to seduce a man." The sorceress snapped her fingers and before Saris very eyes a sapphire gown formed perfectly about that dusky form. It was real, not a trick or an illusion, as she lifted it with her fingers "Spring days should be six colors: blue, green, white, yellow or purple." She let the silk go, and it fluttered immaculately to the floor and covered her ankles.

"How did you do that?" Saris asked.

"Magic, obviously?" The sorceress raised an eyebrow. "And before you ask: No. I cannot give you something similar. It would dissipate off your untrained form in the span of an hour and you would be standing naked."

"I see." Saris pursed her lips and turned around. "Well... then what should I wear, if not this?"

The next hour involved the Shah tearing apart Saris' wardrobe. She threw expensive silks to the side, crumpled delicate undergarments, and nearly shattered several pieces of exquisite jewelry. The Slavi almost had chest contractions from the destruction, and decided it would be best for to bathe and not see what unfolded before her.

"The water is ready, your grace," the servant said and bowed her head. 

Saris nodded in thanks and slipped into the stone tub. The mosaiced tiles at the edge were obviously an eastern invention, but she found that they complimented the bath well. She sank into the water and let the heat wash over her skin and open her pores. With a motion of her hand, one servant poured in a jug of scented oil. The smell alone eased the tightness of her chest, and she splashed several handfuls of water onto the back of her neck and other hard to reach places.

"There. You have a new outfit," Adrina said and soon slipped into the tub beside Saris. It took the other woman by surprise, and she tried to move over and allow some room for her dusky companion. "Your silks are all out of date. The cuts are last year."

"I think they look fashionable," Saris replied. She handed the other woman a pumice stone, which was denied. "No one has ever told me otherwise."

"Because none of them are Shah, and have little to no sense of fashion," Adrina said. "You are such a beautiful woman, and single from what I know."

"...thank you for reminding me." Saris turned away from the woman.

"You resent it?" Adrina asked.

"...I do not think it is something I can share with you."

"Have it your way." The Shah splashed some water at her. "But I know it must be lonely, being the only woman in this entire court with enough authority to snap back at the various men. And how can you talk to them about issues affecting you, when they merely see you as the girl from so long ago?"

Saris stopped her scrubbing as she listened to the sorceress. She felt anger grow in her stomach, welling up into her chest-and finally dissipating. She was not angry at the woman, but at the truth of what she said. It was something she always kept in the back of her mind, but never thought about much.

She knew that when she spoke, though they listened, the council saw her as Saris Coptic; the girl who had come to the capital to marry the prince, spent two years in his company, and fled with tears in her eyes. Even sixteen years later, she saw the same fatherly eyes that Stanislav always gave her, or the compassionate pats on the shoulder from Malmir, the sinister smile of Brother Cyril and the arrogant snide of Nestor.

And, of course, the looming shadow of Rudolph.

"...how do you know I was here before you met me?"

"You assume I, a Shah, do not have ways to learn things of the various courts and princedoms about me?" She wagged a delicate finger. "And I thought you were educated."

"I am," Saris said and tightened her jaw.

"I know." The sorceress drew closer. "So, as I was saying; do you resent being single now?"

"I liked being doted on." Saris turned to face the woman. "I loved having someone to go to bed with that was not just a handmaiden, someone who wanted me. I adore being the gem of a man's eye."

"So why have you not given yourself to the king, as intended years ago?" The sorceress raised a hand to stop Saris before she asked an obvious question. "Answer."

"Because it was sixteen years of my life." Saris repeated the words she told herself. "Sixteen years I spent in the arms of another man, who I swore to the gods and oath to serve faithfully. I could not... I cannot just forget that, and put the ring of his murderer upon my finger."

"A bare finger, I might add." The sorceress motioned to the naked ring finger, which quickly darted under the water. "In the Shahdom, we have a saying; Might makes right. The strongest, be they of cunning or brute force, are superior and therefore do what they can. Those who cannot? They will suffer what they must."

"That is overly cruel."

"But does it not appeal to you? Your husband, a lesser man, was cut down by a superior man, the king. By killing him, does that not strengthen him in your eyes? He won, your husband did not."

"...you are a sick woman." And yet Saris felt a stir in her stomach, a perverse desire. Probably hunger, she rationalized. She wanted it to be so.

"That is not an answer." The Shah grinned widely. "But I think I know you now, Saris. And I adore it ever more than when I first laid eyes on you."

The two women finished their bath and got out of the tub almost in unison. Saris dried herself with a towel, as Adrina merely snapped her fingers. A burst of flame erupted from her dusky body, sent the servants scattering in fear, and revealed smooth, glistening skin underneath. Even her hair was dry.

The new outfit she had selected was stunning. Saris felt her jaw drop at the presentation. An ivory gown with gold tassels and sapphire embroidery, that hung off the shoulders and formed an 'X' on the body before flaring out into a flowing skirt that could never drag against the ground. It was sleeveless, and utterly decadent.

"This... is mine?" Saris asked. "I have never seen it before."

"Transmutation. Another wonderful trick of yours truly." The sorceress ran her fingers across the fabric. "While I cannot conjure you an outfit as I would myself, I can alter the properties of your already existing pieces. You can thank me later, maybe with a 'You are the best, Adri'."

"Let us not get too far ahead of ourselves. But thank you." Saris curtsied out of habit, and her towel fell off. She picked it up and huffed, much to Adrina's delight. "What is funny?"

"I just noticed you are quite 'immaculate'. Most westerners are akin to animals when it comes to their body hair."

"It gets hot in Baltmirzan." Her husband had also requested it of her, and she had never once wanted to deny him. "Besides, it could be seen through my silks, no?"

"Smart." The sorceress waved a hand over her body as a new robe formed about her body. It was richly purple, long and loose, but utterly see-through. The pierced navel, the tattooed thighs and arms, all exposed against the dusky skin. The silk was thicker at the hip and chest, leaving the idea of undergarments to the imagination. "Well, put it on?" She motioned to the gown still resting on the bed.

Saris obliged, and felt the fabric cling to her skin perfectly. She thought it would be loose, but it hung off her breasts and kept them firm without a bra, and curved around them enough to hide the nub but leave enough of the side to draw attention. The skirt flared out just above her ankles and the gold tassels fluttered with her movements. Coupled with her sandals? Saris looked like eastern royalty.

And she loved it, more than she cared to admit.

"And the finishing touches..." The Shah brought her index finger to Saris' lips and outlined the flesh. "Pop them for me."

Saris did so, and when she looked in the mirror, she noticed a perfectly tame, and alluring, gloss. She was at a loss for words. She simply could not believe the woman in the mirror was her. A far cry, from the weeping widow not that long ago.

"You are single. You should dress it. Your husband is dead, rotting in the earth. You are free, free to have any man you want dote on you." The sorceress ran her hands along her bare shoulders. For the first time, Saris found it enticing despite the words prior. "Now, I believe more guests are funneling into the keep? Why do we not go and make them jealous of you?"

Saris felt her heart beat faster as she and the sorceress walked, unescorted, down the halls and to the keep's entrance hall. 

And bumped right into her king.

"Saris!" Alexander said.

"Alex!" she replied. Without realizing it, she had shifted her posture and angled her back in such a way to push her chest forward. "Was something distracting you?"

"I was just finishing up final petitions. Where did you find that gown?" the king asked and crossed his arms.

"Something from the Shahdom," Saris replied, and felt Adrina pinch her exposed lower back. "Courtesy of Shah Adrina."

"You look amazing." He did not pry his eyes away from her. "Be careful. You may blind half my courtiers!"

"Flattery gets you so far, Lex." She was enjoying herself far more than she should with him. The best thing to do, as friends, would be for her to accept the compliment and leave. But she craved attention-even his own. A dirty secret side she kept hidden from the world.

Though it did show itself when another woman appeared, and drew the attention away from her, being a decade younger.

"King Lukaric," the girl said and curtsied. She wore a modest gown of spring blooms and had an impeccable complexion framed by her lustrous black tresses. "I-" Only then did she notice Saris. "Oh! Sorry, am I interrupting?"

"Yes," Saris said.

"No," Alexander replied, much louder than Saris. "Mercedes, this is my steward Lady Saris Ancyzra."

"It is an honor to meet you," the girl replied and curtsied. Saris wanted to slap that innocent smile off her face.

"No, it is my honor." Saris replied in kind, and put her hands behind her back and pushed her chest out. Thankfully, due to her motherhood, she was larger. "King Lukaric-"

"Lex, please." The king chuckled but kept his eyes on Mercedes. "You both have permission when it is just us."

"Lex," the girl replied with a giggle.

"Lex..." Saris growled under her breath. "I was just about to head to the courtyard, anyway. We can speak later?"

"He may be busy this evening, Lady Saris." The girl giggled. "His lordship has asked me to dinner."

"There is a feast this evening, no?" Saris guessed. She did not actually think there was. Why was she feeling intense jealousy towards this woman?

"No. Tomorrow, when everyone has arrived." The king chuckled and adjusted his doublet. "Time is fickle, as the scholars say."

"Scholars are for the learned." Saris smiled and cast her gaze back to the upstart girl.

"His grace is exceptionally learned." The girl kept her smile, and did not shift or buckle once at Saris' implied insult.

So, she grew bolder. "All of us are." She emphasized 'us.

"What a fascinating conversation!" Shah Adrina proclaimed. All eyes turned to her, and the arm that slipped into Saris' own. "But as my friend said, we are heading to the courtyard. A pleasure, your grace. My lady."

Saris was still in bewilderment as she walked in step with her companion, and utterly jealous at the woman now behind them conversing with her king. "What are you doing?"

"Stopping you from making a fool of yourself. Fancy the king?"

"What? No! I have not fancied him in sixteen years!" Saris proclaimed, louder than she would have liked.

"Then why are you trying to cut down his new fling? If anyone else saw you, they might have assumed you jealous."

"Alexander deserves the best." Saris huffed and continued with their walk.

"And you were presenting yourself like a show animal when it was just the two of you." The Shah sighed and cracked her neck with a loud pop. "Hypocrite I may be, I will outlive embarrassing moments such as those. You will not, so I intervened."

"...I do not care for the king, aside for our friendship." Saris repeated this to herself, rather than direct it at the Shah.

"A bit of advice? Do not try to be friends with people you once loved. Feelings never leave, Saris. They only bury themselves away, unless you live a very long time," Shah Adrina said as they exited the keep.

The courtyard was filled with Slavi nobles from the various duchies and counties. It was an amazing turn out, and she was glad her invitations were received. She was disheartened to see her son absent, along with anyone she knew, but she understood the journey would have been difficult.

Besides, she did not need her son here. Not when the city radiated tension. A few of the emirs had arrived, and already the Slavi nobles were making hateful glares in their direction. Which the easterners returned. She imagined things would be hostile, if the towering guards of the king's personal retinue were not nearby and lumbering between the crowds. But they could only guard the nobility. She prayed the tourney distracted the mob.

"Is everything going well, Stanislav?" Saris asked as the chancellor finished his exchange of pleasantries with a pair of nobles. She straightened her back when she saw several nobles, eastern and Slavi, motion to her and gossip. Who needed a king's attention?

"So far, yes, but-" Stanislav began, only to whistle. His eyes traveled up and down Saris' body. "Where did you find that?"

"I gave it to her," Adrina said. She bumped her hip into Saris' own. "Looks good on her, huh?"
