 "They think he is a murderer and a traitor." Alexander felt his heart leap with joy at those words! Any other king or man--even a beast--might take offense. But that single statement spoke volumes to the king. She had forgiven him!

Saris was not part of 'they'. She was Saris, graceful and powerful and utterly perfect in every facet of her being. It took all his willpower not to smile at her. No doubt he appeared dour and quiet. That was fine, for now.

But he did show his true emotions when she finally stopped talking. He felt his heart stop for a moment at her suggestion, and did not realize he had bitten his tongue and drawn blood. "We invite them to Lukastan."

The council murmured to itself at the suggestion, shifted glances and perhaps even asked what Alexander himself thought. But the king only heard a familiar voice, deeper than the ocean and elegant in speech; but little else. A sinister smile, and a callused hand that gave generously at the consequence of civil revolt. Abu Khalil.

"Absolutely not!" He rose and slammed his fist into the table. Everyone turned their eyes to him, even Saris, who wore an expression of shock. "Absolutely not," he repeated.

"Your majesty," Saris began with a smile. She did not call him Lex, and that would hurt when he finally realized it. "Take a moment to think on this. We harbor no ill will to these Caliphs."

"That may be," Alexander began, "but this city will be in an uproar should they even step within bowshot of these walls. I will not have my kingdom torn apart by another riot!" The acknowledgement of that horrific event made the beautiful steward shake for a moment and avert her eyes.

"Lex," Malmir said and rose from his seat. "Saris is right. It would be an excellent way to win over the sultan and his emirs. Imagine what it says about us if we are offering them a place to stay. They think us backwards barbarians."

"Alexander is right," Stanislav said. "As much as I agree with increasing the festivities of the festival, I cannot in good faith agree to inviting the greatest enemies we have in this land." The chancellor pointed to the map on the wall. "It does not take a smart man to realize we are outnumbered and surrounded on all sides."

"Our knights are some of the best men in the world." Nestor did not rise, instead he leaned further back in his chair. "If violence comes, we can repel it. Are we not allowing the Shah Adrina to come into our city? How is this different?"

Stanislav furrowed his brow. "Shah Adrina is..." The man chewed his cheek. "She..."

"Is a slaver?" Brother Cyril said, before chuckling. "I would be more concerned about how the Caliphs will react to her being in the same banquet hall as them. She will not avoid goading them."

"She is also opinionated beyond reason. She is worse than this one," Nestor said and jerked a thumb to Saris, who frowned and smacked him upside the head. There was scorn in her eyes, but not at the comment. It was directed at Alexander himself.

He averted his eyes and tried to listen to what was being said. It made him feel like a child. He said no, so why were they still discussing it? It was similar to the first year he was crowned. The constant noises, the guidance and suggestion. He had understood it then, even if he did not agree. But why now, as an adult, did they question his commands? Why did his heart beat like a drum?! It forced his chest to heat up and his blood to pump faster. He did not realize it, but the voices that argued had become a singular and dull throb in his ears. 

He could not stand it anymore.

"Enough!" he roared and slammed something into the table. It cracked slightly from the impact and the council fell silent. Each of them looked to him in disbelief. One, the one who mattered most, wore an expression of fear. He had picked up a candlestick nearby and slammed it into the table in his rage. His knuckles were white and threatened to tear through his skin.

He set the broken object down gently, and drummed his fingers. Not a word was said. Every breath could be heard and counted.

"This council is dismissed. Go. Get out." Alexander straightened his back and kept his eyes level with everyone. The men all bowed their heads and used proper decorum when they addressed him. Only Saris said nothing. Her slender back was stiff, and her balled fists shook in terror. 

When he was alone, he collapsed and rubbed his eyes with his palm. He did not even look up to see Rudolph, who he heard move beside him. The giant put his massive hand on the king's shoulder.

"It is okay," he managed to say softly as he knelt. "It is okay."

"No, it is not." Alexander turned to look at the man. "I fucked up, Rudolph."

"To be honest, you need to yell at these bastards occasionally. Good men, but they drag their feet. They will forgive you."

"Not them. Her."

"Ah." Rudolph inclined his massive head. "Have I told you she said she does not love you?"

"Several times."

"So why does she matter so much? She is a smart woman, but what else?" Rudolph shrugged. "I can say, from observation, that she has a small backside and middling breasts."

"...I like them small." Alexander pushed himself up and stared at the table. "I am scared."

"Of what, Lex?" The towering knight shut the door and set his poleaxe against the wall. Without a request, the massive arm draped over the king and shook him. "What scares you?"

Rudolph was the only person the king truly confided in. Publicly, the giant was a brute. He could crush a man's skull in his bare hands and ever step shook the earth, and never showed the king any fraternity. But alone and in private? The man was gentle, and cared about his charge.

He was the only one who ever understood him, aside from Saris. "Everything. It is going so well... I told her the truth, in a week she fixed my treasury and she developed an amazing plan to better a festival that, for the past sixteen years, has amounted to little more than a small parade and a public prayer service!"

"She is not everything, Lex." Rudolph shook him once more. The same way Milorad used to. "But it is a pretty good plan."

"I do not want to see Abu Khalil again." Alexander admitted it plainly. "I do not."

"You were a child then, Lex." The knight slipped his arm away. "You are a man now, his equal if not greater. And this time I am beside you, ready to pommel his arrogant bearded face."

"...what should I do?" he whispered to the knight. "How do I move forward? If I invite a sultan into my city, or more than one emir... How do I keep the peace?"

"You are king, Lex." Rudolph cleared his throat. "That is for you to decide. All I can do is enforce your will." The knight took up his weapon and opened the door. "You have petitions to deal with today. Can you manage?"

"I can. Did Stanislav rework the docket?" He took steady breaths and composed himself. He splashed water on his face when presented, and closed his eyes to slow his beating heart.

"No one can petition over the taxes or detainment until after the festival. Believe me, we heard plenty of curses and cries of tyranny."

"Never anything positive?" The king managed to adjust his tunic. He dressed down this day, foregoing his doublet and hose for a simple--by royalty standard--tunic and trousers. He thought Saris might like to see him try traditional cloths, rather than imports.

The petitions always took a good portion of his day, and most of the time they were simple requests. If he had the option, he would send the disputers in a certain case to an arbiter. It was easier that way, and it sped the process up dramatically.

When he had finally had enough, seven hours' worth, he closed the petitions. The sun was still high in the sky, so he decided he would write some poetry during his late lunch. He chose to dine on the outer wall of his keep and let his legs hang over the edge. Rudolph was nearby, of course, in case a would-be assassin thought it prudent to give the king a shove.

Poetry had always brought peace to his soul. It was a way to put his thoughts to paper, to say what he really wanted to say, rather than hide it behind eloquent decorum. It had won him many praises from cultured men, and swooned more than a few noble ladies. But the latter desired his seed and the promise of his crown than they did his educated mind.

Alexander stared out to the sea as he thought of a new quartet. He watched the waves crash on the cliffs and saw a whale rise from the sea and spout a geyser of hot steam. He saw birds dip their beaks into the water and take their fill, while a young peasant couple sneaked to a private alcove thinking no one could see them.

"That could have been me..." Alexander said to the wind. "But I failed there too, huh?"

"If thought before you acted, you would not cause so many problems," Saris said. She had startled the king, who nearly slipped off the edge he sat on. Rudolph yanked him back, and inclined his head to her.

"I used to not have it," Alexander said and dismissed the knight. "I used to be calm."

"No, you had it." Saris joined him where he sat. "It was different then. You lashed out at yourself more than you lashed out at others." She had slipped out of her sandals and let her bare and delicate feet hang off the edge beside his own. "The only one who used to make you feel better was me."

"I am truly pitiful, then?" He shook his head and sighed. He extended his plate of fruit to her. "I am sorry I yelled."

"You were ready to strike us," Saris said and plucked a few grapes from their vine. "Alex, you reached for a weapon."

"It was a candlestick."

"Made of metal." She chewed slowly and let the wind tussle her hair. "That can kill people, if used hard enough, your majesty."

"...I like when you call me Lex," he said.

"As do I..." she replied. They both simply sat there and watched the waves.

He enjoyed the presence of her, cold and tense it may have been. It unsettled the royal, but it also made his chest grow in warmth. He could ask her now, and hear the answer from her own lips. So, he did. 

"Saris," he began, "do you still hate me?"

She said nothing. She looked down at her legs, kicked her feet before she looked at him. She seemed to assess him, size him up to... something. Or was that merely his own nervousness. He was, after all, a grown man asking a grown woman if she liked him.

"I do not hate you, Alex," she replied. "But I do not love you. I cannot love you in the same way you admit loving me."

"I told you the truth," he replied. He felt his lips frown. "I confided in you--Saris, he was a slaver!"

"The truth aids in forgiveness, Lex, but you are asking me to forget sixteen years of my life!" She dug her nails into the stonework. "The life that I spent nurturing my son, or watching him learn how to walk, or sharing a bed with my husband who never wronged me. You want to believe that it meant nothing to me?!"

It was a hard answer to accept, and Alexander merely turned away and looked to his own feet. What could he say? He was sorry? He did not mean to be like this? The prospect of slipping off the edge had grown ever more appealing the longer their silence continued.

"I cannot love you, Lex." She put a hand to his knee. "You killed my husband, even if you were in the right. But he was still my husband, and sixteen unforgettable years of my life was devoted to him. If that makes you hate me, if that makes you want to send me back home, then so be it."

"...I cannot hate you, Saris." Alexander finally responded. "And I cannot send you back. You are a gift from the gods when it comes to managing my treasury. In a week alone you have done more than Karolina in a decade!"

"Then stop doing this to me." She wiped her eyes with her palm. "Then stop... wanting me. Let me help you run this kingdom, but nothing more. Let us simply be friends, and forget what we used to be. Please."

It was hard to hear, and Alexander tried in vain to hide his sorrow. He felt his eyes grow wet, and his heart rend, but he steeled himself as a king must do. He put his hand on her own, and pat it gently.

"If that is the case... then I will not fear hurting you anymore." He nodded his head at her. "Very well. Thank you. I will speak to Stanislav and have him send out invitations." 

"My thanks but that was not why I came out here." Saris said.

But he did not hear her. "Do you need me to sign any documents for the new additions to the festival?"

She did, and he wasted little time in giving them his signature. He watched her leave, and when she was gone, he left as well. He walked the halls of his own palace in a state of apathy, not a single thought in his mind other than taking breaths and steps.

"That was hard to swallow. You are okay with bringing the easterners here?" Rudolph asked a few minutes later. He received no answer. There was another man the king confided in, and understood matters of the soul better than a knight.

It was a journey that took him through his own city, where he received stern glares, reverent bows and soft words spoken about his person that he could not understand. Whatever harm may befall him, however, was deterred by the looming giant that trailed at his side. People may despise Alexander, but they feared Rudolph.

Even the priests, loyal to their faith and the crown, averted their eyes as Alexander walked past them and into the looming cathedral. Rudolph lingered by the door, a wicked smile on his face as the smaller men hurried away.

The carpeted aisle of Saint Sophia led to a modest stone altar, behind which towered the gods. Mother Layla and Father Veles stood to the right, Witch-Mother Morana and Father Perunn to the left, and in the center howled the Great Wolf Svarog. They all appeared to watch the king as he stood before the altar and, like everyone in this city, judged him.

Alexander was glad one of the priests had brought forth Malmir, who dismissed his aide and beckoned the king. "What brings you by, your majesty?" His decorum was perfect, almost all familiarity gone from his person.

"Patriarch," Alexander said and put the sign of peace on his body. "I was hoping to speak to you regarding matters of the soul. Have you the time?"

"Of course, your majesty. Please, accompany me to my office?" The older man adjusted his censer staff and escorted Alexander to his office, shortly after which he locked the door and let out a heavy sigh. "So formal! It drives me mad."

"We have roles to play in public. We can make fools of ourselves when we meet for council." Alexander tried to smile at the patriarch, but recent events made it difficult. He felt like a fool, a child, and was almost too ashamed to explain why he had come.

But the comforting hand of his friend and patriarch brought the truth from his lips. He explained everything in detail, with every word recited from memory and every feeling conveyed properly, until the old man held up his hand and shook his head.

"She told you she could not love you?" Malmir let forth a sigh. "Lex, you knew it was bound to happen if you pushed."

"I did not expect it to hurt this much." Alexander tucked his fingers into his tunic, just above his breast. "Malmir, I do not know what to do."

"What can you do, except move forward?" The priest squeezed his shoulder. "Lex, listen to me. I know despite everything you wish things could be different. But they will not be. It is time you move on."

"But I want her!" Alexander felt his chest tighten. "I want the love we shared as youths."

"Your wants do not matter," Malmir said. "The price of being born a royal, of being a king, means that your wants do not matter. You do your duty to the kingdom, you do it with pride and you die in the knowledge that you have safeguarded your legacy."

"Will she ever love me?" Alexander finally asked after a long silence between them. He did not want to hear the answer.

"She will not. At least, not in the coming years." Malmir took his hand off the king. "She had been married for sixteen years, until you kill her husband. She cannot simply forget that."

"But I told her the truth. She seemed to forgive me." He felt anxious sweat build on the back of his neck.

"But she was still married to him. She bore him a son, she laid in bed with him for sixteen years and moved on from what you two had." The patriarch shook his head, and revealed sorrow in his eyes. "As much as I wish it not to be true, it is how people are. I am sorry, Lex."

The king sat and stared at the floor. He buried his face into his palms and let forth a cry. Several minutes of silence passed, before he finally spoke up. "What should I do, Malmir?"

"Move on." The patriarch squeezed his shoulder. "Do your duty. Find a wife. Live your life without her. It is all you can do, Lex." He kissed the king on the forehead and embraced him, before he showed him the door.

Rudolph tried to offer some comfort as Alexander exited the cathedral with the most somber of expressions. It did not work. The king wished to be alone, and he locked himself in his royal chambers and looked up to the ceiling and admired the mosaic dome above.

For a long while he did nothing but that. He let his mind process the words Saris had spoken, and let them bury themselves deep within his mind. He would never forget them, even if he desperately wanted to. His last act of love for her, to his knowledge, would be succeeding in making this festival the greatest it had ever been.

He had the folios of the possible betrothals nearby and finally decided to read them. He had glanced at them, casually, and found each one physically appealing. But none of them hooked him on looks alone. For that, he would read the letters they had sent him, and the supplied papers that verified their words.

They were the same throughout his reading; every letter praised him or spoke of his lineage and piety, all things that were intended to stroke the ego of a lesser man. He was far too old to be swept up by it.

But one letter did speak to him, with its simple language and lack of usual decorum. In fact, it appeared to be penned by a girl rather than a woman. He verified the information provided about her and found that she was a woman, past eighteen winters. Even her portrait was simple. Her hands were clasped around a white rose, and her black hair trailed down one shoulder above a sizable bust of pale flesh.

But her eyes, the shape of almonds, were akin to beautiful sapphires. He stared at those more often as he continued to learn more about her.

"So... you really want to do this?" Stanislav said, when he was summoned to the king's chambers.

"Yes. Send the invitations to the emirs and Sultan Abu Khalil. As well as her." He handed the selected folio to his chancellor, who's graying eyebrow was raised in disbelief.

"Not a bad choice, Lex. I am fond of Gallic women." Stanislav chuckled. "They can do wonderful things with their bodies."

"I am not trying to find a good fuck, Stan. I need a bride; I realize that now." He pointed a thumb to the folio. "She is young enough and qualified enough. I am sure I can win her over with the festival."

"I am sure being a king does help as well, you know?" The chancellor tucked the folio under his arm. "I will write the letters. Should I bring them by for your signature?"

"Use my seal. These are more official than Saris' permissions." Alexander crossed his arms and felt a stab in his chest when he said her name. I cannot love you, Lex.

So be it. He would distract himself with the festival, and whatever enjoyments this woman could offer. "Mercedes de Artois-Caspia. That is almost an Imperialized name."

"The Galls were the most influenced by the Imperial occupation of the middle kingdoms. And from what I can see, she has some blood in her." Stanislav tapped his finger against her portrait. "Unless the artist really darkened her hair."
