 "Thank you for inviting me, King Lukaric. I will do my best, begrudging your person, to rectify the kingdom's finances." Saris gave her best smile, only to let vanish as she noticed a hair out of place. "No, that will not do!"

She was anxious, with butterflies fluttering in her stomach. She had been practicing the best possible acceptance of her new job with a hand mirror she brought. It was bad enough she spent three hours picking the right dress to approach the king in! She wanted something powerful, radiant, but nothing that would draw too many eyes to her.

"Wear something he will like..." she told herself and laid out her clothes. What was Alexander's favorite color? Blue? She decided, after two hours, blue was the answer and slipped into something delicate and silk, but not thin enough to expose the undergarments beneath. Pearls went well with blue, so she chose those. A silver bracelet studded with them, and a silver necklace with a black pearl for the pendant.

A thin layer of gloss on her lips was met with a pop of them and a practiced smile. She was ready, until she noticed something on her finger.

The band which Bran had given her on their wedding day had never left her finger when he was alive. She would never dare, always running her thumb against when she missed him on his journeys about the duchy. It was all she had of him, now that he was buried.

But, she knew, too much jewelry would distract from the person who wore it, and thus decided to remove it and tuck it away with her other adornments. For the first time in sixteen years, her ring finger was bare.

"We're here," one of the escorting guards said through the door. "M'lady, are you ready?"

"I am. Please, come in, and gather my things." Saris quickly dabbed a bit of scented oil under her chin, behind her ears and across the top of her breasts. She stepped out of her cabin with confidence and left the ship with poise.

That poise nearly vanished when she saw several familiar faces in the welcoming crowd. In the center was Alexander, dressed in a rather appealing red and black doublet, flanked by Rudolph. Behind them, a few unimportant courtiers. Nearby, though not as prominent, were Stanislav, dress in blue and white and adjusting the purple sash of his status, and Malmir, who dressed in a simple white-red cossack and cylindrical cap.

"Saris," the king said. "Welcome back." The casualness of his greeting was unsettling.

"Your majesty," Saris replied. She went to say something else but ended up standing there with her mouth open. Words would not come out, as all eyes settled on her.

"...yes! The city is indeed a marvel is it not?" The king chuckled and saved her, before holding out his hand. "Please, we must get you comfortable. I am sure you remember most who are in attendance?"

"Yes," Saris said and looked around, finally managing to compose herself. "Yes, though we are all far older than we once were." And fatter, she noticed. Stanislav had developed a stomach that had been absent nearly two decades ago.

"Time waits for no man. Or woman." Rudolph loomed behind the king, sweat beading on his bald head, only to be wiped away by a gauntlet.

"Wise words. Come, we have your chambers ready and have set up a small luncheon. I am sure you are famished after such a journey?" The king beckoned the crowd apart with a hand and walked, arm in arm, with Saris. Much to the gossip of onlookers.

"Let go of me, Lex," she whispered. "Everyone is staring."

"Let them," he replied. "How else is a king supposed to escort a lady?"

"Different from how a king is supposed to escort a widow he was responsible for making," she answered, and slipped her arm away to adjust something on her dress. Not that she did, but it gave an excuse for the king not to reach out and hook their arms together.

The procession marched through the city with simple fanfare. Civilians pointed at the walking royals while children playing nearby got out of the way of Rudolph and knights. It was such a strange gawking crowd and lacked the familiar dusk of easterners. There were men and women of mixed heritage, but none pure of blood.

A canopy of colorful silks shadowed the stone archway of the royal keep and fluttered with the gentle breeze coming off the sea. The blue and white banners of House Lukaric hung above the door leading inside the foyer.

Saris had almost forgotten how affluent the interior was, how lavish and extravagant King Vlach had been in his time. Various suits of armor, all from different cultures, lined the walls and carried weapons applicable to each. The stairs at the end of foyer formed a half-circle around a statue carved in the likeness of the first crusader and king, and the namesake of her own son; Visarion the Holy.

He held a spear, on which rest the three-pointed star of their shared faith, and an inscription known by all; Justice. Honor. Faith.

The rest of the keep was a standard affair; tapestries, portraits-almost anything one could find in your average royal dwelling. The only difference were the ceilings, crafted into mosaiced domes that allowed natural light to beam from above. The only 'eastern' flair of the entire structure.

"Here is where you will be staying," Stanislav said and took Saris away to show her to her room while the others made ready for the luncheon.

"Wonderful." Saris smiled and had the guards place her trunks near the door. "I will make it homely once lunch is over."

"As expected," Stanislav said. He grumbled in his throat, but she could not understand him. 

Nor did she want to, as her hands went to take the bottle of wine left on her pillow. "What is this?"

"Wine. The king had a spare bottle and we thought you might enjoy it as a gift for private use." Stanislav cleared his throat. "Not that we assumed you drank often, but something to taste when the work becomes stressful and you need to unwind."

"A-huh." Saris set the bottle down, impressed by the vintage. "Thank you, then. Is it really all that stressful?"

"An entire nation's well-being rests on your shoulders. Yes, it is that stressful." Stanislav seemed tense, his right-hand fidgeting with something. "Need to freshen up?"

"No, I should be fine," Saris said. "What are we having for lunch?" Surely the pain in her stomach was hunger and not the overwhelming anxiety building up inside her. She only now realized the gravity of her new position.

"Lamb and beef, with yogurt and bread, if I recall." Stanislav cleared his throat. "Some onions?"

"Is something wrong?" she asked.

"Nay. Just... hoping it is to your liking," he said.

"To my liking?" she asked.

"Forget I said anything. Shall we go?" Stanislav extended his arm, which Saris respectfully took with a raised eyebrow.

The walk was peaceful, with the servants bowing their heads and making way for the pair as they entered every hall. Saris had almost forgotten what it felt like to walk the keep, especially now that she was a grown woman rather than a nubile youth.

"Did his majesty redecorate?" she asked, noticing a few shadows on the wall.

"You are referring to the Philip de Coux tapestry? No. He gave it away to one of the emirs."

"Really?" Saris furrowed her brow. His majesty never gave away anything, at least not to someone foreign.

"Emir Guzag al-Kazjan stopped by a month ago. His son is obsessed with our knights, you see, and the emir thought it a wonderful gift for the youth. His majesty thought it to be for our best interests if the gift was given freely."

"Overly generous..." Saris curled her lips. "Why is he winning favors? It may make him seem a placid animal fit for butchering."

"Because Emir al-Kazjan is bordering Suroslav. Such gestures would not paint the king in such a placid light if he had a queen." Stanislav slipped his arm from her own and opened the door leading out into a wonderfully kept garden.

"What does having a queen change?" Saris asked as she lingered by the door.

"If his majesty had a queen, it would be easier for him to appear strong, and his wife the softer one who gives gifts and plays peacekeeper," Stanislav said.

"He should just take a queen, then." Saris stepped through the door rather quickly, and almost tripped over her sandals when she heard the next exchange.

"We both know he wants only one woman to be his queen." Stanislav shut the door and helped her steady, before approaching the table at which sat three people known and familiar.

"Will there be any tourney for the festival?" Malmir asked as he dipped a torn piece of bread in some olive oil and spice.

"I do not think so," the king said and leaned back. "You want a tourney to accompany a festival dedicated to fertility and life?"

"Violence is excitement for the masses, Lex." Malmir sipped from his goblet as the king shrugged. "It could keep them distracted from other proclivities."

"True, but I-" The king turned his head as Saris approached with Stanislav, rising to adjust his doublet and pull out a chair. "Lady Ancyzra."

"Thank you, but I will sit-" Nowhere. Saris found the only chair was right beside the king.

"They must have set it up for old time's sake. You and Lex always sat by each other."

"Things were different then," Saris said and pursed her lips. She smoothed out her gown and settled herself on the chair. She inched it away from the king, just slightly.

"It is a pleasure to have you back with us, Saris," Brother Cyril said. His chair had been placed beneath the overhang, casting the remarkably pale man in shadows. "You are looking well. Some of us have grown fatter."

"To be fair, my wife employs the best of cooks." Stanislav rubbed his stomach with a frown.

"How is she?" Saris asked, taking an offered plate and placing her intended foodstuffs on it. Two ribbons of meat, a dollop of yogurt and two triangles of spinach-cheese bread. Remarkably different and nostalgic than the lemony zest of the food back home. 

"The same as always. She has been enraptured with a new book I received from the Empire. Tales of the Lonely Wife."

"Is it a recount of her life?" The men laughed and Saris herself covered her mouth and tried not to let crumbs of her meal spill out.

"It is about a woman who is torn between her marriage and the man she loves. Beautifully written," Stanislav said.

"You have read it?" the king asked. He wiped the corners of his mouth with a napkin.

"The first few chapters. It opens with a sex scene."

"Does your wife re-read that part?" Brother Cyril commented.

"I swear to the Great Wolf you will eventually goad me to action." Stanislav popped an olive into his mouth and chewed. Saris watched him, before looking back to the king. She could not help but notice the cleanliness of lacking a beard. There was a grace to it, a strength, and it made cleaning up after yourself amazingly easier.

There were many times Saris found herself wiping Bran's mouth clean after a meal, because things would be caught in his beard. She would not have to do that for the king.

...if she even thought of it that way. She immediately went to put something in her mouth and missed completely. Yogurt smeared on the side of her cheek and she cursed quietly as she reached for her napkin. Her cheeks were burning.

And continued to do so as the king held her jaw and wiped away the mess she had made.

"You must be immensely tired," he said with a smile. "If you needed rest you could have mentioned-"

Saris pulled back her hand, stinging from where she had slapped him. Her chair had flown back from where she shot up. The king raised his hand and touched his cheek, as the shadow of Rudolph came from seemingly nowhere. She could feel the sun gleaming off the metal of his weapon, burning into her back.

"Forgive me, that was improper." The king stood up and cleared his throat. "I think I will go take a walk. Friends, we shall reconvene tomorrow at the same time to discuss the matters of the kingdom."

Saris kept her jaw tight as the king walked off with Rudolph in tow. She could feel everyone's eyes on her, and she screamed into her pillows once she had managed to get back to her chambers. 

She tossed and turned and threw things, before laying back and looking at the canopy of her bed. She was not angry that he had touched without permission. She was angry because she enjoyed it!

Her heart pounded when he touched her in front of everyone, and not in fear. She would never admit it, but Saris loved when men dote on her. She loved being the gem in their eyes, like she was with Bran. But for Alexander, the man who killed him? She should not want to be anywhere in his eye!

"Gods, help me." Only a few hours on shore and she was already regretting it.

The next few hours, to distract her racing mind, she unpacked her belongings and made her chambers homely. She had some of the servants help her stuff dressers full of her clothes and organize her shoes and belts and sashes all in an aesthetically pleasing order. When the larger and more numerous items were organized, she dismissed the servants and worked on the finer things alone; her jewelry, make up and adornments.

When she was done it was close to sunset. Her stomach was still full from the embarrassing luncheon, so she forwent dinner and instead opened the bottle of wine they had gifted her. She poured a special glass, brought from home, full of the crimson liquid and drank. The tartness made her toes curl, and the liquid settled in her stomach perfectly. She had not even noticed she drank the first glass and was refilling another as a knock echoed on her door.

"Who is there?" she said as she stuck her head out of the door. She opened it when she saw the king, standing with his hands on his side. He gave her a smile she did not return. "What is it, your majesty?"

"I was going to ask if you would allow me to treat you to dinner, as an apology for my behavior at lunch." The king cleared his throat and scratched his chin. "I told the cooks you-"

"I am not hungry, thank you," she replied before he could finish and shut the door. She kept her back to it and listened for noise.

The king did not move and continued to speak. "I am sorry, for everything." He knocked on the door. "Saris?"

She gave him no response.

"...well, I just want you know that if there is anything you need, or desire, you can let me know. Council meets tomorrow at three rises of the sun before noon. There is a lot to discuss so get some rest." The king gave a final knock, before the sound of his steps retreating came to Saris' ears.

She finished her second glass of wine and stripped down for bed. It was a surprisingly chilly night, and she wrapped herself up tight and thought of home.

***

"Morning," Stanislav said, legs crossed and lifted on the council table. He was reading a folio that Saris could not discern. "Sleep well?"

"I did. That bed is amazingly soft." Saris took a seat. She flipped her ponytail as her green and ivory gown flowed about her form. She looked radiant, as she told herself when she posed in front of her mirror in the morning. An exceptional amount of makeup went to hide her 'wine-eyes'. "Thank you for sending me breakfast."

"Thank Lex when he decides to show," Stanislav looked out the window. "The king is usually on time."

"Apparently you went to bed with an empty belly," Malmir said and stroked his beard. "Saris, a woman needs to eat just as much as a man."

"You are not my father, Malmir. Though you are well old enough to be so," she said and opened her own folio. 

Several varying documents were stacked on top of one another, each one outlining different aspects of the kingdom's fiscal worth. Tariffs, revenues, and so much more, all for her to discern and organize. The current information was laughably disorganized. 

"Who had my job before me?" Saris asked.

"Karolina, though she has been absent from court," Stanislav said.

"I sent a bird with one of my friends," Brother Cyril said and stepped out of the shadow. "She should be informed of the king's decision."

"Does he always do that?" Saris whispered to Stanislav.

"Every fucking time," he replied, before he straightened his back. "Well, that is good. It would be quite the mess to have two stewards."

"I am sure Lex will handle it when she returns. Gods know I won't." Nestor flipped a gold coin, and the entire council waited for their king.

Who decided to show up thirty minutes late. Thankfully he was not too disheveled. "Sorry I am late, everyone!" he said and hurried to his chair. "I slept poorly."

"If that's the case, I will start," Stanislav said and cleared his throat. "Lex, you need to find a wife."

Saris snapped her quill as she was writing when the words were said. She turned her eyes up to the king, who rubbed his chin with his palm.

"I have been looking?" The king smiled. "It can be difficult. Many just want an easy crown."

"Better an easy crown and an heir than the alternative. Four prospects have come forward, two from within, one easterner and one from the middle kingdoms. I have dossiers of all of them, including portraits." Stanislav pushed the series of folios towards the king, who averted his eyes and did not open them.

Was he truly being serious? Saris did not know, and she wanted to get up and yell at him for it. Forget about me and pick a damn wife! She put a hand on her lap and dug her nails into her skirt. She turned her eyes to her own paperwork and distracted herself, as the men all spoke.

She cursed in her mind for breaking her quill and instead followed each line of her folio with her index finger. Despite the disorganization, there was some level of readability to it. She did need to read it a certain way, starting from the end and working her way back. The fact the men were still barking at one another was a good chance for her to catch up on what she had missed.

Everything appeared to make fiscal sense. The tariffs of imports were all accounted for, though the land-based imports were exceptionally high from specific Emirates. It made sense if the king wanted to incentivize local purchases, but what did not make sense was the excess of tax cuts and breaks to certain groups within the city. Groups that, to Saris' mind, did not export their goods in such a large quantity to warrant incentive.

Nor did they need such an influx of raw goods. The supply lines from the local mines were being purposely funneled to specific places, leaving other taxable guilds and organizations unable to make enough coin to pay the crown. It was puzzling, and Saris wanted to continue but was drawn away by a change of subject, as the current one grew stale.

"What else is for discussion?" the king said and raised a hand to Stanislav. "Cyril?"

"Nothing to report per say, but I did wish to pass along my evidence against those rounded up by the marshal." The pale digits slid another series of folios to Nestor, who took them and flipped through the pages.

"Those rounded up?" Saris asked with a raised eyebrow.

"We've been having trouble with a few groups in the city. The smithing guild and the fletchers league are both being problematic, among others." Nestor shrugged.

"Only a select few," Malmir said. "Not all of them. Interestingly, it is mostly the western-born men and women who show the most trouble in these times."

"Someone must be riling them up. I have heard talk of them saying the king favors caliphs and shah above his own people." Brother Cyril adjusted his cossack. "My friends have found naught about it, however, so I cannot say for certain."

"That would make sense why recent funding has been put towards both the guild and the league. Look at this," Saris said, and drew eyes to her paperwork. "Several different changes to the supply lines have allowed the smiths to produce even more arms and armor. But there is now growth in income or dues collected."
