 Irene reclined on the pillows and snored lightly. She had been given the next few days off, as Duke Visarion and Lady Yennefer went to a private estate somewhere in the mountains. Accompanied by the best guards and the best servants, she felt it was not her place to impose. She had also, cleverly, reminded the Lady Yennefer that without her, she was free to spend quality time with the Duke. The poor girl blushed furiously, and received a knowing wink.

"At most she will probably use her mouth," Irene mumbled when someone pushed her awake. "Huh?"

"What are you mumbling about?" Sa'yidda said with crossed arms. "Irene, come on. Stop drooling on the pillows. You should not be smoking this much."

"Look, I am a grown woman and... I cannot feel my toes." Irene suddenly burst into a fit of laughter.

"You are a drunk," Sa'yidda rolled her eyes and helped Irene stand. "It is almost time for lunch. If you stay awake, I will make you some chickpeas with tahini." She eventually managed to pull herself away and move towards the cabinets.

"Do you have the special spice?" Irene made a suggestive motion with her hand and stroked the air up and down. "Your father always puts the special spice he has."

"Ew!" Sa'yidda nearly dropped the plate. "No! Gross! He puts that in your food?"

"Once in a while. It gives the food a good kick. Makes my stomach hot." Irene was oblivious to the horrified look on the younger girl.

"Ew! Gross! Yuck! Feed yourself!" Sa'yidda stormed out of the abode with her lyre.

"What is her problem today?" Irene said, and began to stick her finger into the paste. "Oh, here is the spice." She sprinkled it on and felt the kick in every bite, and it was glorious.

Eventually, Irene did come to her senses and dressed. She had been clad in little more than a white underskirt, and she could not find her panties. Thankfully, A'saddam had a spare pair of her own in his room, which she took and slipped on before her silk gown.

"That is seriously red," she told the mirror as she pulled up her eyelid. She dipped her hands into a clean basin of water and splashed her face a few times. Another look in the mirror for any other blemishes, and Irene headed out of the abode and locked the doors.

The influx of Slavi had come and gone, much to her confusion. The divide of culture was now firmly balanced again, and everything bizarre had seemingly melted with the growing heat of spring. Merchants appeared happier, shopworkers looked relieved and the easterners made silent gestures of appreciation to their gods. There was an odd sense of peace, of normalcy.

"I found nothing, Irene," Karim said as he helped haul sacks of flour for the baker. "Not a single thing."

"Was I being paranoid?" she asked herself, but received a shrug from the youth.

"Maybe. But..." He set the flour down and dusted his hands on his trousers. "You saw her too?"

"I did." Irene remembered the dark armor and the low cowl; how strangely noble the dark being held itself. "I can imagine why you were frightened, but no one else mentioned she was there when I asked the next morning. Even Alden."

"Alden?"

"The ecclesiarch." When the word did not find recognition in Karim's face, she rephrased it. "The pretty man at the cathedral all the women confess too."

"Oh. Him." Karim rolled his eyes. "Why do women like boys who look like girls?"

"Is that a chest hair?" Irene teased and pinched the hairless skin of the boy. He jumped back and she laughed. "But in truth, I am still concerned."

"About what? The Slavi are gone, the duke is away, and everything is quite enjoyable." Karim tossed the last sack of flour into the pile and made a gesture at the baker, who nodded in thanks and shut the second-floor window.

"I feel like something is still happening. Alden met that woman... That must mean something?"

"She spoke fluent En'ish." Karim shrugged. "Not many Slavi know how to speak it. Maybe she was a teacher?"

"You seem awfully content with the possibility she is here in the city, when you were frightened of her last time."

"I'm still frightened, but I haven't seen her in some time." Karim took a seat on a nearby crate. "I think we both were just anxious something was going to happen."

"True..." Irene frowned and looked up the sky. She toyed with the laces of her gown. Had she been wrong to be concerned? Was it her place to care so much? Saris must have imparted her with natural worry before she left.

Irene took her leave of Karim and returned to the keep. It was empty, most of the councilors busy managing the realm in absence of their lord. The few times she did see them was in passing, and they rarely gave her more than a wave. At least Jovan had grown more respectful and warranted less contempt.

She went to the Lady Yennefer's room and gathered a few minor essentials to take back to A'saddam's abode for the next few days. She tucked them away in a large sack and threw it over her shoulder and left the room, locking it with her special key.

"Up jumped servant. That's me." Irene sputtered her lips and headed down the hall.

And noticed the two guards next to the clerical office. It was the one place in the keep where Alden did all his business of a secular nature, his room when he stayed at the keep rather than the cathedral. It was never guarded, because no one would ever enter it.

"Lost?" one of the guards asked. "The exit is that way, Irene."

"I know that." She huffed and rolled her eyes behind the lids. But then she had an idea. She was a woman after all, and knew the minds of lesser men. "Maybe a lady is admiring some strong men?" The men straightened up and smiled, so Irene turned on the charm. She turned her back to them and unlaced the top of her gown. "Gods, is it hot in here?"

"I think it may be, aye?" one of the guards said, as she turned around and smiled at him. "Spring is departing."

"What are you two men here? Most of the guards are such bores. Why do you not guard here more often, so I may be greeted by such strong men when I leave for my duties?"

"Special assignment." The guard enjoyed her compliments, and she in turn felt wicked in her mind. The good kind of wicked. "Orders from the ecclesiarch himself, while the duke is gone. We leave when he comes and tells us."

"Well, keep up the good work boys. Maybe I will see you when I return?" She gave them both a wink and turned away. She even flicked her hair, and sent the lovely perfume she wore wafting in their direction.

It was a decent reward for what they had done for her. Such a simple string of words, yet they hatched a brilliant idea in her beautiful mind.

***

"Why do I agree to things she says?" It was the first thought in Karim's mind as he scaled the side of the keep.

It was night, and the moon hung full in the sky and cast the stonework in silver lights. Stonework specifically chosen by Irene, that led up to a window she had unlocked. It was a plan the brunette Slavi had come up with.

"There will be no guards," Irene had said. "Alden returns to the keep the same time every night and dismisses them. After that? I do not see them. He enters the room and leaves with someone when he believes everyone is asleep."

"Someone?" A'saddam had asked.

"The woman with the cowl. He must be letting her stay in the keep during the daylight while the duke is gone." Irene frowned. "I know I am asking a lot of you, Karim, but I think he is up to something."

"And you want him to put himself in danger?" Sa'yidda asked and clutched her chest. "Why him?"

"He is the only one I know, for a fact, that can sneak in somewhere and steal things." The Slavi raised her hand as A'saddam massaged his temples. "And this time? What he steals may help us protect our homeland."

With much goading, and a kiss from Sa'yidda, he had agreed to the plan. Clad in his thieving leathers, he reached the window Irene had mentioned and found it unlocked. He slipped in easily, fluttered the curtains, and stood in a place he had never dreamed of entering on his own.

The duke's keep was spacious, with carpets and suits of armor along the walls, above which hung tapestries and mosaics. It was surprisingly imperialized, with an eastern flair that Karim was used to.

He picked the lock of the door with his tools and entered the room. He took a deep breath, before he locked the door behind him. He pulled open the nearby silk curtains and bathed the room in moonlight, and let his eyes adjust to the darkness. He made sure the window was unlocked, so he could use it as an escape. The space beneath it was rooftop, so he would be safe should he jump through. Once he had finished his preparation, he turned to the room itself.

It was decently furnished, with a small bed in the corner and a desk, strewn with scripture, in the center. Two shelves were on each side as one entered, stuffed with scrolls, books, tomes and little novelties. It was quaint.

Karim approached the shelves first and pulled books and scrolls that appeared like they might have something. None of them did, and he put them back the same way he found them. He checked under the bed and found nothing. Nothing was hidden in the pillows or beneath the sheets or the frame itself. It proved to be a difficult task, as nothing seemed out of the ordinary.

Finally, he came to the desk. The top was covered with a melted candlestick, pages of scripture half-penned, and several documents of a secular nature. But nothing incriminating or strange. Karim rolled his eyes and put the papers back in order. He had to make sure they never knew he was here.

But as he put everything in order something fell free. A small, folded document he must have missed. He picked it up and opened it beneath the moon's light. He could not read it completely, as it was written in a strange dialect of Slavi, but he did notice a single phrase.

The Wolf will consume the Eagle.

"What?" Karim asked the darkness. His answer came with a thud to the door. He tucked the paper into his leathers and hurried to the window. He forced the window opened and slipped out quickly, just as the door opened.

"This is grim," the familiar and feminine voice echoed. "It is an unusually peaceful night."

"That it is. Spring is fast fading," the handsome priest replied.

"The sky is dark and benighted, like this kingdom's soul." The feminine voice grew louder as it drew to the window, under which crouched Karim. "Did you leave this window open?"

"No, my lady. Perhaps you did before we left?"

The female growled in annoyance. "I desire wine, Alden."

"I shall fetch some, my lady." And the door slammed shut moments later.

"...did I leave the window open? Or did you?" The female voice asked. With how pronounced it was, Karim guessed whoever it was still lingered at the window. He could not move; fear gripped his heart. So, he waited, listened quietly, and prayed she did not look down.

"...I do not think I did. But it is nice breeze. I imagine it is you, my love, caressing me. I miss you every day." There was a pause in the speech, an inhaling of air akin to a sob. "Dragos was knighted a few months ago... I wish you could see him. I wish you could guide him..."

He saw her tears as they fell from above. He attempted to sneak a glance and found the face beneath the cowl. She was royal, with sharp features and fiery hair fit for a Slavi. She might have seen him, if her eyes were open and not filled with tears. For a moment, Karim felt her sorrow and grief. He wanted to help her.

But he still felt fear, and slipped away as fast as he could. He scaled down the walls and ran back to the bazaar, to Irene and Sa'yidda.

***

To find your friend, chant the prayer three times. 

The hated will know fear. They will know our call.

Remember our beloved, the ones we lost.

Who even now, lie beneath level sands.

They are kept there by a tyrant. Kill him.

Make him bleed. We will avenge our lost ones.

Do not fail the cause. Remember why we fight.

The Wolf will consume the Eagle.

"Did you read this?" Irene asked as her heart pounded in her chest.

"Barely. It is a different form of Slavi." Karim scratched his cheek. "The Wolf consumes the Eagle?" The boy was cradled by Sa'yidda, who murmured soft praises into his black hair. The poor girl had been a mess since Irene requested this task.

"It is more formal. It is something nobility would know, or those of a higher education." Irene pursed her lips and set the document down. "The wolf is the Great Wolf Svarog, our supreme god. The eagle must be Anu, Lord of the Heavens."

"Why would..." Sa'yidda went to ask, but the realization dawned on her. It was as if someone had thrust a spear between the four present. All eyes went to Irene, who even now did not know what to say.

But she tried. "The Wolf will consume the Eagle. It is believed to be the first words King Visarion the Holy spoke when he landed on these shores." Irene tucked some loose hair behind her ear nervously. She started to understand why so many Slavi from the neighboring villages were drawn to the city. "Alden, and this woman, are planning to start a revolt."

A'saddam shook his head in disbelief. "If our duchy, a place of relative tolerance, erupts into flames of revolt and strife..."

"Then the Caliphs have a reason to go to war, and the Slavi have a reason to justify fighting back." Irene fidgeted. "I need to get this to the duke."

"But he is gone for another two days, is he not?" A'saddam said. "You said that yourself."

"...then I know who I can give it to. Someone I know who is loyal to peace." Irene sighed and fell back on the pillows. "I will go tomorrow. If I go now, they will suspect something." She unlaced her gown and tucked the letter away behind her bra. "Karim, I know you are tired, but did you find anything else?"

"The woman was there," he said and pushed himself up from Sa'yidda's lap. "She was unlike any Slavi I had seen before."

"How so?" A'saddam asked. Irene adored the way he supported her, without question, in this endeavor.

"She had hair like saffron, and her chin was sharp." Karim pulled his beardless chin as he described her. "She was a noblewoman."

"But Slavi do not have red hair," Irene pinched her own locks. "We are black and brown, unless mixed like Lady Yennefer."

"Maybe she is half Imperial?" A'saddam asked.

"No... We would know if she was. Did you notice anything else?" Irene turned to Karim, who had stripped out of his leathers and stood in his loin wrap.

"She was crying." He pulled up a pair of silk leggings. "She kept talking to someone, but as if they were beyond her reach. She said the wind caressed her."

"So, she is crazy?" Sa'yidda frowned.

"Lamenting," Irene said. "In the Covenant, we believe the dead interact through the wind." She looked to A'saddam. "But that is an old custom, found more in the middle kingdoms, where they keep to the old ways."

"She mentioned the person would never see someone called 'Dragos'." Karim pulled on his vest and shook his head. "Do you know who that is?"

"It sounds familiar... but I cannot remember off memory alone." She rolled her shoulders and sat down. "I guess we will only be able to proceed tomorrow. Or I will. You all have done enough for me."

"This is our home too," Sa'yidda said with a smile. "Besides, we did not do anything."

"I know," Irene said and laughed. "Thank you, Karim. You are a good man."

"See? I'm a good man!"

"Boy, more like it." A'saddam rolled his eyes, but the boy had obviously grown on him. And Sa'yidda never smiled more brightly than when he was around.

"We should tell people to be wary," Irene said. "Sadi, can you make sure the word gets out discreetly?"

"I will speak to a few elders in the bazaar and let them know." The imam stroked his beard. "Just when things were starting to go well..."

Irene could not agree more. But it was the cyclical nature of this land, this little pocket of the west nestled against the overwhelming strength of the east. Saint Kastikan summarized it best, when he wrote on his journey to the newly formed kingdom some two centuries ago.

"First will come the wind which goads the smallest embers of hell to become the catastrophe, and ignite the entire world in flame and misery." She said the words softly, and felt her heartbeat quicken.

She did not sleep much that night. She remained in A'saddam's arms, and stared at the ceiling until the sun rose and cast light through the window. She dressed quickly, applied little make up, and hurried back to the keep.

"Irene," Amur said with crossed legs. He sat beside Mansur ibn Mansur, who casually stroked his beard. "You seem awfully flustered. Did you not sleep well last night?"

"No. Which is why I have asked both of you here." She took a seat opposite of them, and let the peace of garden attempt to placate her. "What am I about to tell you remains between us three, for now."

"Alright?" Mansur raised an eyebrow. "This is serious, then?"

"Beyond serious. I believe Alden is trying to start a revolt," Irene said. Both men looked to her with disbelieving eyes. Amur frowned and covered his mouth in thought, as Mansur stroked his beard pensively. 

"These are bold claims," Mansur said. "You are accusing one of the council of sedition." He waved a hand at her. "And a priest of the Covenant."

"I know, which is why I am telling you both before I approach the duke when he returns." Irene looked between the two men.

"But if Alden is the one, and he speaks to the king on council, he will call your words into question." Amur nodded. "You are a handmaiden, Irene. A servant, and an up jumped one at that."

"I have proof," Irene said and extended the letter. "I found this in his office last night, along with a woman."

"A woman?" Mansur asked. "Most strange..."

"How did you get in his office?" Amur asked. Between the two, he was the one Irene trusted the most.

"I did not?" She smiled and saw the older man pinch the space between his eyes. But they eventually opened, and read the paper he had been handed.

"This is concerning, but it sounds more like personal grievances," Amur said and squinted his eyes further. "But I do not understand why Alden would harbor a grievance with anyone. The man is rather pleasant, if overly handsome."

"Why do these words prove or imply sedition?" Mansur asked. He smoothed his hair back as he read with Amur.

"For the past week or so, there has been an influx of Slavi from the neighboring villages. The priests say there are no festivals upcoming, and they all appear to harbor ill will to the easterners." Irene leaned forward and laced her fingers above her knee. "If Alden IS planning something, he has the manpower to do it."

"Who was this woman you mentioned?" Mansur asked. "There has been no one in the palace, to my knowledge, who should not be."

"I do not know. But she wears black leather and mail, with a low cowl. I think she has red hair." Irene tugged at her own brunette locks.

"So, she is not a Slavi?" Amur said.

"No. I do not think so. But she speaks En'ish."

"You know quite a bit about her already. Why?" Mansur asked again. He was being a pain in her ass, but she understood why.

"She has harassed one of the citizenry. They reported it to the Imam, who reported it to me."

"A'saddam can verify this?" Amur asked.

"He can. And not because we are... you know." She felt a blush creep to her cheeks.

"Oh, you two are...?" Mansur chuckled. "Well, that explains quite a bit. He has been happier recently." His elbow connected with Amur, who laughed despite the weight of their predicament.

"Can we please focus?" Irene pleaded. "What can we do? If there is something to happen, the duke needs to know."

"He is the only one who can officiate an arrest based on words alone. David cannot just arrest on vague words and a handmaiden's testimony." Mansur frowned and his beard followed. "Again, I do not know any reason Alden would harbor ill will to easterners."
