 He watched her go, smiling to himself as she held the folio close to her chest. She was grace in human form, wisdom manifest.

Alexander stepped out shortly after and locked the door. He took in a deep breath, before turning to see Rudolph. The man was staring out the window, adjusting the helmet that remained tucked under his arm.

"Well?" Rudolph said. "You done?"

"I am." Alexander tucked the folios under his arm. "What else is there for me to do today?"

"Petitions." Rudolph sighed. "Lots of petitions. You pushed them back because of yesterday with Saris."

"I remember." Alexander looked down to the folios and shook his head. "It will be good to distract myself with them."

"You are actually looking forward to petitions?" Rudolph asked. "That is a first."

"The alternative is going through several folios of prospective brides." Alexander showed the knight the papers. "Four of them." He let Rudolph take them and used the free time to adjust his doublet and fix his crown.

Alexander left the folios with the knight and stepped into his throne room to be assaulted by the clamoring voices of courtiers, petitioners and his own guards, whose poleaxes were an excellent deterrent to troublemakers. 

He sat on his throne and rolled his shoulders, before motioning to his crier. The man blew into a horn and caused the room to fall silent.

For the next five hours he listened to the grievances of his people. He heard lords dispute land rights with their peasants, marriages grow hostile over the right of divorce and several pleas for the recently detained.

"My cousin, your grace, is a wonderfully good and happy man!" The merchant put a fist to his chest. "He is attested to be a godly soul, pious and gentle!"

"We have reason to believe he is working against the crown. He will be released once the investigation is done." Alexander rolled his jaw, feeling overly tight. "Your petition for early release is denied." He repeated these words to six other individuals, and by the seventh he merely waved his hand and the petitioner knew his answer.

"May I ask you a question, your grace?" The man held a hand up to the guards. Alexander nodded and straightened himself. "What compels you to treat your subjects with such disdain and scrutiny! We feel like cattle in our own homes!"

"You forget yourself, friend. I work to protect all my subjects, to the best of my ability. If they are suspected of crimes, then I must act." As Alex said this, Rudolph stepped forward.

"He sends his dog to silence us," one voice whispered in the crowd of denied.

"I do not want to end up like Branimir do you?" The voices began to rise, and the crier blew into his horn once more.

Alexander, without realizing it, started to chew the inside of his cheek. He could feel all the eyes on him, even those who were not part of the dissent. He tried to find a single friend, someone he could incline to assist him, but there were none.

"My fear, your grace, is the safety of our own well-being!" The man said, his eyes turning away from Rudolph and back to his king.

But the resentment fell on deaf ears, as Alexander felt his heart pound. I am doing the best I can! I did not kill him out of jealousy! I did not want to be king...

He had not realized it, but the crowd had changed course, and the clamor had brought Stanislav to the room. The man tried to placate the growing ire, while Rudolph and his knights kept their weapons at the ready.

"He courts the woman he made a widow! I saw her coming into the city not yesterday, when he denied our voices!"

"This is injustice! This is calamity!"

"The desert dogs are growing in power and we try to make peace with them!"

"We do not feel safe in our own homes!"

The voices grew louder until Alexander heard nothing but the dull throb of his ears. It was the same feeling that came when he ran his blade through Branimir.

The same feeling he had when he ordered Rudolph to suppress the protests nearly two decades ago. His decree as king.

The horns kept blowing and the guards grew anxious. Their weapons lowered, the wicked points of their poleaxes ready. The crowds clamor grew louder, and the king raised his hand.

Benevolence or tyranny, all on the edge of the sharpest blade.

"He is our king!" The feminine voice rang out as if from an angel, and echoed along the balconies and off the walls.

Saris stepped forward, her former black ponytail undone and her hair cascading down past her shoulders. Her form was dignified, with a straight back, raised shoulders, and a steady gaze.

"He is our king," she repeated. "Many of you know who I am, and many of you know my plight. I stood before our king and learned of his deed, of his actions that made me what I am." She raised her hand. "Look upon my finger, and tell me what you see? Nothing. The band of my husband is gone, removed, because at his passing I learned, truly, that he had wrong me."

The crowd was silent, and Saris continued. "His majesty came to me, sorrow in his eyes and his soul rent by his deed. But he came to me, spoke to me, took me by the hand and for a while I did hate him. But he my king." She turned her face to him. "He is my king. My protector. Our protector. If he acts, there is reason to it beyond our understanding. Good subjects, those who wish to live in this world, know not to bite the hand that feeds and nurtures."

The guards raised their weapons, standing back at attention as all eyes looked to the former duchess. "I, more than anyone, have reason to mistrust his majesty, to doubt his actions. But I do not." Saris stepped towards Alexander and knelt, bowing her head. "I respect his ruling, his decisions, even if I do not understand them. Because that is all I can do, for the good of our kingdom."

The crowd was silent as Saris rose and adjusted a few stray locks of hair. She was radiant, truly indescribable by words.

"Petitions are now closed," the king said. "I will accept more the following day. May the Great Wolf bless you all." He remained seated as his guards herded the crowd out the door. A crowd silent and in bewilderment from the display.

Alexander waited until they had all gone, when even the servants had departed, before rising from his throne and moving to Saris.

Who sped away as quickly as he tried to approach. He tried to reach for her, but felt a giant hand pull him back.

"You had one victory today, Lex. Do not try for another." The knight handed him the folios. "Here."

"Rudolph... how do you understand a woman?"

"You are asking the wrong man." He let out a low rumble from behind his visor. "Women have never been my focus."

Alexander merely shrugged and retired to his garden. He sat alone for a long while, thinking about what had just transpired.

Had Saris forgiven him? What did she hope to achieve, if anything? She denounced Branimir, despite what people would say about her. She defended his actions.

He felt his heart swell, and lamented in his mind the years he lost with her in his hubris. She deserved to be his queen. She had such natural skill in it., such poise and grace. How could any of the four prospects he had to his right even compare?

"Why did you defend me?" he asked the garden. The flowers offered him no answer.

He frowned and turned his eyes upwards to the sky. Perhaps she pitied him, a man so caught up and obsessed with a single woman he had forgone marriage since his crowning. He not forgone sex, however, as many possible wives did everything in their power to sway him. One even put her legs behind her head comfortably, biting her lip seductively.

He always served them a special tea in the morning. They could not refuse him, and he did not want them conceiving a royal bastard. Cyril had suggested it.

"That was quite the display," Saris said as she appeared from the archway nearby. Alex went to stand and greet her, but she held up her hand. "Stay. You look exhausted."

"Petitions are usually quite relaxed. In recent months, however..." He waved a hand at her. "I am sorry you had to see that."

"You actually waited before sending Rudolph in. Though you would have ordered him to silence them, if I had not intervened, would you not?"

He gave her no answer. He was surprised when she sat next to him, relatively speaking. She left a body-sized space between them.

"Why did you help me?" Alex asked. "I have been under the impression you could not stand me."

"I cannot," Saris replied, and turned to him. "Or... I think I can, but I do not want to."

"Why?" he asked. "Saris... I did not mean to create such a rift between us."

"You did," she replied. "You did, and you have no one to blame but yourself." Her eyes left him, and looked down to the earth.

Her words cut deeper than he wanted. He had been away from her for almost two decades, but she was forever in his heart when he was alone and when he looked at the crown saved for a queen resting on its embroidered pillow.

"...I have had time to think," Saris said. "I will not forget you killed Bran, nor will I forget the dozens you massacred that day with a single command. But, I suppose, I am responsible for this rift too. I resented you, for the longest time, but I never thought about the truth. You were a child when you took the crown, a boy."

"Sixteen is a man, somewhere," he replied. He tried to smile, but she did not return it.

"But what king at such a young age acts well?" Saris reached a hand as if to his shoulder, but pulled it away and pursed her lips. "I will try to forgive, but before I do, I want something from you."

"Anything," he said quicker than even she wanted. She pulled back, and her nails dug into the silks of her skirts.

"What happened the day you slew Bran? I want the truth. Every detail."

"...do you?" Alexander took off his crown and looked directly into the center gem. He saw a distorted reflection of himself, and frowned at it.

'Don't'. He told himself. 'Don't say a damn word! If she learns the truth...' He picked at the ruby that flanked the center gem, and chipped his nail. He was quiet for a long time, and even Saris seemed concerned by this. She leaned forward, wilted her lips, and finally put a hand on him. It was on his knee, and those dainty fingers squeezed.

"Branimir often left his duchy to travel, correct?" Alexander finally said, and set the crown to his side.

"You know he did," Saris said.

"Do you know where he went?" Alexander asked.

"No, I never asked. I wished him well, and he promised to come back to me." She tightened her jaw, as she often did when she was upset. "Until the last time."

"...what I am about to tell you is no lie," he said. "We crossed paths, when I was returning from a visit to my nephew in Abrakatza. We asked if he would like to travel with us, him and his company."

"Company?" Saris furrowed her brow. "Bran only traveled with his guards."

"He had those too, but his company..." You asked for the truth. "They were all dismounted, and bound by the wrists. He said they were pilgrims."

Saris sagged her shoulders and bit her lower lip. "Maybe he was escorting them? And keeping them bound so they would not get lost?"

"No," Alexander felt his hands ball up. Saris went silent, and stared at her slippers. "To my great shame, I did not act because of that. I acted when I noticed a pair of women among them, the bastard daughters of an emir who I will not name out of civility." 

"...was he—?"

"Yes. I demanded the return them, all of those he had with him. I accepted no explanation and saw through his flattering lies. Their abduction would result in war. I gave him a chance to redeem himself. I offered clemency."

Alexander turned his eyes to Saris, who nearly tore her skirt with her nails. He did not know what to do for her, so he boldly put his hand on her back. She did not move away.

"He was livid, furious, screaming at me and demanding I treat him with the respect owed for his position and age. He claimed I had no right to intervene and that their abduction was a problem he would handle when the time came, that I only cared because I cozy up to the Emirs. I refuted him, and ordered him to act. He..." The words were hard to say.

"What?" Saris whispered. "What did he say?"

"He said my anger was because I could not have you. That you had chosen him, over me." He did not need to tell her every scathing word, but they lingered in his mind. "I ordered his arrest. Rudolph went to bind him, and he charged me. The rest is as you know it."

"...why did you not tell anyone this?" Saris finally said, tears coming from her eyes. "Why do you simply say you killed him?"

"Because how will that reflect on you, or Visarion, when people know the truth? That he is the son of a slaver, and you the wife of a traitor?" Alexander hated to see her cry, and tried to wipe her tears with a handkerchief. She eventually did it on her own. "The other dukes would demand the crown be ripped away. I did not want you to think of him as that kind of man. I could not break your heart."

There was nothing else to say after that. Saris rose from where she sat, wiped her eyes, and put the handkerchief to her chest. She walked away slowly, as if the weight of the several boulders hung on her shoulders.

Alexander could not blame her. He did not know what to do, and buried his face in his palms. You are an idiot, and a coward. He accepted the truth from his words.

"You finally told her?" Brother Cyril appeared from a nearby shadow with a frown.

"She asked." Alexander looked to the priest and furrowed his brow. "Did you hear everything?"

"Is that a rhetorical question, your grace?" Brother Cyril took Saris' place on the bench once the sun had moved and a shadow cast over the spot. "You may as well have told her the world was going to end with how she carried herself."

"I told her everything good about her husband was a lie. She..."

"Heard it from your mouth, which is better than some gossiper speaking it to her. You showed courage, my king."

"...do you understand women, Cyril?"

"No, your grace. I am celibate, as are all my brothers back at the monastery." The monk adjusted his cossack and hissed when the sun shined on his feet. "But do not tell Stanislav that. I enjoy pressuring with the man."

"It seems like no one does. And I sure as hell do not." Alexander took up his crown once more and looked at it. Every decision, every action and consequence, stared back at him from the seal of his lineage in the center. It was if every serpent weaving through the flanking gems inscribed every action committed by those who bore them. "Did I do the right thing? Did I need to keep the truth in shadows?"

"Had word spread, your other vassals would clamor for recompense. They would cast Saris and her son into the desert to die as compliant traitors. Surely you could not do that to your precious Azucena?" The mock in those words sobered the king, who frowned and looked to the monk with disdain.

But he was right. To be a king meant to walk among cloaked daggers, among sinister eyes and callous desire, and do so with a head held high and a jaw tightened. It was torment, something no person should ever be forced to do by the blood they happened to be born with.

"If I could pry this out and shatter it, I would." Alexander put the crown back on his head and took his leave of the monk, who returned to the shadows as he often did.

***

She did not know what to do, so she buried her face into her pillows. This was her only safety, her only respite, her private chambers. Wherever she was, whoever she was with, her bed was the only safe space in her mind. Just as a child does when they are frightened or heartbroken.

Saris let her tears come freely and stain the rich fabric, possibly bought with coin made from selling human lives. Saris threw it at the wall and curled herself up into a ball, and wept even louder.

The truth was bare, Bran was a monster. She did not want to believe it, could not believe it, but knew in her heart it was true. The many trips away from the duchy, the constant flow of coin from seemingly nowhere, the consistent raids at her border by disgruntled caliphs; all things that cried the truth to her and she was too stupid to listen.

She felt like a fool. A silly, brainless fool-a girl, pretending to be a woman, and acting like she knew how the world worked. She thought she could discern black from white, and notice the gray.

But how did she justify this? She defended Bran, assaulted her own king, and did not even think he could have been in the right. How could she tell Visarion the truth? How could she do that to her son? The boy who already thought the king was right. Just as Irene did. Just as Jovan did. Just as everyone except her, who knew him, did.

"I have been such a fool..." she whispered to herself. "I... I am sorry."

There was nothing to console her, not even a gust of wind. She had sent away the servants when she barged into the room and collapsed on the bed. She just wanted the day to be over, and her soul relented as she shut her eyes and dreamt of nothing.

[Please rate and comment! Your feedback helps me become a better writer.]