 Irene sat cross legged, bored out of her skull and staring at the wall. She had been quite lonely without Saris, not really having a place besides serving as her handmaiden. She had no lands to return to and no family alive who would take her. She was noble, by virtue of having been placed there to keep another woman company.

Now that her favored charge was gone, Irene found herself placed with another. Lady Yennefer Merovich, granddaughter of Tamari Merovich. The girl had been a constant guest at the keep, at the behest of her ducal father. There was no official betrothal, but she and the new duke were inseparable. She had him wrapped around her dainty fingers and that soft, honey blonde hair.

"Pink or blue?" Yennefer asked, turning to Irene. "Or should I go green? What do you think Vessy will like?"

"Duke Visarion will like you as you are, your grace." Irene smiled and winked as the girl beamed and returned to her mirror. She rolled her eyes and stood up finally, smoothing out her own skirts. "It is also just lunch. You do not need to dress too fancily."

"Hah! Surely you jest?" Her smile was sickeningly sweet. She had mastered womanhood well. "His grace knows I would do anything to please him. Anything..." She dragged the last word out and bit her lower lip.

"Even sodomy?" Irene said quietly with a smirk.

"Huh?" Yennefer cocked her head in confusion.

"Nevermind." Irene felt a painful tingle up her spine as she remembered her first time. "Here, we should do spring blue, with... and ivory rose brooch and a sea shell pin for your hair." Her hands worked to help beautiful the girl, in all her required extravagance.

When they were done, the two ladies left the keep and headed to the oasis nearby. Outside of a city, these places might run unchecked and free. But contained, they served as a perfect garden for the residents. People sat on benches, or beneath palm trees, as children played by the water's edge and young couples indulged in a familiar game of courtship. Even Irene had a picnic with A'saddam and Sa'yidda here.

Duke Visarion sat with his usual somber expression. He appeared to be fixated on the ground as two ducal guardsmen, dressed in the colors of House Ancyzra, stood a short distance away. They waved as Irene and Yennefer approached, and the duke turned his eyes upwards but did not rise.

Lordship and governance had taxed the boy. Irene knew him to quiet and dour, but this was something else. Bags were forming under his eyes and his usually broad shoulders sagged ever lower each day. The only positive formation was the growing muscles from hours of martial training. A duke must be ready to fight, according to Davit and Jovan.

"Yen. Irene." He nodded his head, finally cracking a smile when Yennefer sat beside him and pecked his cheek. "You both look lovely."

"But me especially?" Yennefer interrupted and fluttered her eyelashes. Irene rolled her eyes.

"Yes, of course." The duke took her hand and squeezed. He looked much like his sire when Saris was around, the same glow radiating from his pale cheeks.

"Your grace, I am sure neither of you need me?" Irene spoke up. "You both can enjoy your evening without me present, correct?"

"You do not wish to stay?" the duke asked with a frown.

"No, I just..." Irene looked to her scapegoat. "Lady Yennefer said she had a special idea in mind for the two of you. And I would just get in the way."

The words seemed to finally cause the honeyed blonde to understand, and she grinned widely. "Oh yes! Your grace, I would love to spend time with just us. I can bask in your presence and be bathed in such a stern gaze."

She was good, Irene gave her that. 

The duke raised his hand and nodded. "Do you need an escort back to the keep?"

"No, I was planning to visit the market. You two enjoy yourselves." Irene curtsied and left the oasis, breathing a sigh of relief she did not need to supervise two smitten teenagers.

The market was overly busy this early afternoon. It appeared as if half the local villages had come to the city. She was used to crowds, but there was often an even divide between the populace.

Now there was an influx of Slavi, and many of the easterners, Caliph or Shah, seemed to avoid the public eye all together. Those who did venture out, or hawked their wares in the shared market, appeared dejected and uninterested. Some had even closed early and gone home, so few patrons to support their products.

"Excuse me," she asked one of the merchants, a westerner, who smiled and leaned over his stall. "Why are there so many people today?"

"Don't know, lady." The man shrugged.

"Would this make you talk?" Irene held up a silver piece. The man took it, and furrowed his brow.

"Some of 'em are talking about a meeting or service. Followers of the covenant only."

"Huh. I did not know the church was holding a special service this week?" she said as the man shrugged in response. She gave him a polite nod before departing.

For whatever reason, curiosity gnawed at the back of Irene's mind. She was not an overly devout woman, but she knew the holidays relatively well. Was she missing something? She headed down the familiar paths and made a slight turn to pass the statue of the Great Wolf, who howled towards the sky, and entered the cathedral who cast a shadow over the western half of the city.

Justice. Honor. Faith. Three words, carved above the door, that inspired terror in all enemies of the faith.

"No, my lady," the priest said. "The next holiday is Saint Adroslav's Judgement at Perunn's Peak, and that is not until two weeks from now."

"Have you had any new faces stop by the cathedral?" She cocked her head to the side. The thick incense made it hard to breath, the confined stone made it feel more like a prison or fortress than a place of safety.

"Not that I am aware of, m'lady." The priest dipped his fingers in a bowl of clear water and marked Irene with the sign of peace. She felt her skin crawl. "Go with Mother Layla."

Irene frowned and crossed her arms in futility. In truth, she should not care so much. But something made her uneasy, with so many people in the city. So she went to someone she knew she could trust, who kept their ears to the ground and listened.

"You noticed it too?" Karim said, sitting on a crate behind the bakery. "It's really strange. So many Slavi here."

"What do you think is causing it?" she asked.

"I don't know, but..." Karim frowned and chewed on his upper lip. "When Sa'yidda and I went on our date, we were approached by a western woman with a hood. She had a sword and a cloak, and asked us where the market was."

"Was she Slavi?" Irene asked.

"She was cowled. But I don't think so."

"Is that why you came back so early that night?" Irene asked.

"Sa'yidda was shaking. That woman didn't look kind." Karim turned his head to the alleyway, and knocked his knuckles against the crate. "They're also quite rude."

"Rude?"

"They make comments and slurs. They think I don't speak common." Karim shook his head. "I am less than human in their eyes."

"The countryside can get hostile when it comes to birth, especially after Ubizek." Irene adjusted her cloak. "If you hear anything else, can you inform me?"

"What do I get for helping?" Karim grinned.

"I do not tell A'saddam that you have a pair of Sa'yidda's panties?"

"...I don't know-"

"We talk quite a bit, Karim." Irene smoothed her gown. "Come on, do not play me like a harp. Can I count on you?"

"Fine, fine." He waved a hand. "Will you be seeing A'saddam tonight?"

"No. Tomorrow I will."

"We can talk then." The boy gave a tap of his bare chest, and stood on the crate. He used it as leverage to climb the side of the bakery and vanish onto the square roof. Irene could see a promising sexual future in that boy, given his athleticism and flexibility. Sa'yidda was lucky.

She took a seat next to the fountains and crossed her legs, before resting her chin in her palm and watching people as they passed by. She understood why her former charge loved the city so much, now that its diversity was gone. What made it such a gem, a gleam in the eyes of many, was how beautiful it was in its uniqueness. Men and women could mingle among each other without scrutiny and children of mixed heritage could play peacefully behind a wall manned by the toughest soldiers available

It was where someone could find a western man donning a turban or an easterner dressed in a doublet and hose. There were women in skirts and women in robes, with and without veils-some even imported Imperial silks made of the strangest and most translucent of fiber. Irene was wearing such a garment even now beneath her skirts.

Even the food had become a strange unity of the cultures from which it bloomed. Zesty lemon chicken sat next to roasted almonds and fine yogurts, while western butchers carved religiously prepared meat over a bonfire, before piling it into eastern flatbreads and serving them on leaves.

Irene felt her stomach growl. She must have forgotten to eat, so busy she was dirtying her nose in the business of strangers. She returned to the keep quickly. She did not wish to eat publically with so many people around.

It was a good time to relax while she waited for Yennefer. She slipped out of her sandals and wiggled her toes against the carpet, before she removed her more fine adornments. Her shawl came off as did her jewelry and some of her makeup.

When she had wiped her lips clean, the door to her chambers opened. Yennefer stepped in, clasping her hands to just above her breast, and swooned. Irene caught her, and received the most dreamy of stares.

"You are very good at this," she said.

"Good at what?" Yennefer asked.

"Nothing. Just musing." Irene helped the younger woman to her bed and sat her down. She prayed the gnaw in her stomach for food could placate itself long enough for her to do her duties as a handmaiden. "How was your soiree?"

"Wonderful! Duke Visarion-Vessy, he lets me call him in private-is such a good man." Yennefer put her hands to her lap and squeezed her thighs together. "Grandmother says his undereyes are too black but I adore that of him. It just means he works hard at keeping us safe."

'Liar. You have a thing for boys who glare.' Irene watched those thighs squeeze in feminine delight, and smiled as she put a hand on the girls knee. "I am sure he finds your own eyes more appealing than anything, your grace."

"I catch him staring at me, you know?" Yennefer smiled even wider. "May I confide in you something?"

"I live to serve, my lady." Gods, her stomach was killing. She needed food.

"I originally came here at behest of my grandmother." Yennefer leaned forward. "But I think I want to stay. Vessy is perfect!"

Irene furrowed her brow. She had figured the girl, as Saris often said, played her games in a bid for advancement. Irene would do the same, given the opportunity. But she was not in the business of seducing young men, especially not a boy who she helped raise alongside his mother.

"You sound in love, my lady." Irene smiled and sat back. "Surely you are hungry from such excitement?"

"Vessy wants me to dine with him tonight," Yennefer said.

"Of course he does." Irene winked. "Now, does that mean I can have dinner then? Once we get you appropriately dressed?" The nod of that blonde head made the next hour pass by quickly. Yennefer was gussied up and adorned perfectly by the older woman, and easily shoved out of the chambers to one of the guards who could properly escort her.

Now, alone, Irene sprawled on the bed, and sighed in relief. She closed her eyes until she heard a knock on the door, and opened it to find a servant carrying a small platter of ordered foodstuffs.

"Your dinner, m'lady." The woman bowed her head and set the platter up on a nearby table, before she took her leave. Fruits, cereals, meats-everything Irene could pick and choose to craft the perfect meal. And she was alone, not needing to entertain anyone with conversation or gossip.

She rubbed her hands together and poured herself a glass of wine. As she ate, the thoughts of the previous hours were pushed away. The excess of westerners, and the fanciful dreams of a needy youth, were chased out to make room for actual, selfish thoughts.

She thought of her future, mostly. Would she remain in the service of nobility for her life? Or would she finally force A'saddam's hand and have him put a ring on her finger? She was getting older, and other women her age were having children. Some of them were even married, and not simply impregnated by their charge's spouse.

She could never imagine sleeping with Branimir. Even the thought of it repulsed her, with his large stomach, his thick fingers, his smile that ended with a lick of his upper jaw. And yet Saris did whatever the man asked, doted on him as he did her, and took him to bed who knew how many times.

"I wonder if Saris needs a companion at the capital. That could be quite the promotion." There were also plenty of noble men looking for wives, if things with A'saddam did not work out. She coughed as she nearly choked on an olive and washed it down with some wine.

She did not realize how heavy her eyes had become as she slipped out of her clothes in a half-inebriated stupor. She stripped bare by the window and let the light breeze tickle her skin as she slipped on a pair of silk leggings and a see-through tunic. She undid the ties in her hair and let it flow freely, before pulling back the sheets and crawling into bed. She could get up when Yennefer came back, blushing and more than likely wet between the thighs.

But she would be gone for a while... and Irene would be lying if she denied that the idea of people having salacious encounters, whoever they may be, did not tickle her a certain way. She was not thinking of the participants, but rather the act itself!

She, like anyone, had needs. Being a handmaiden meant she was attending women constantly, always by their side unless dismissed. The few times she could get out she could satisfy those urges but when she could not...

Irene bit her lower lip as she slid down her leggings just enough and pulled her thighs apart. She did not know when she started touching herself, but she did not want to stop. She felt the heat of her own body, the wetness that permeated her very being, and it only made her wetter. She pulled one leg back and spread the other, and slipped two fingers her body and began thrusting.

Every push pressed the palm of her dainty hand against her clit and send waves of pleasure through her body that caused her nipples to grow hard and her mind to swim. She wished A'saddam was with her.

But he was not, and Irene had her fantasies just like any other creature. She closed her eyes and imagined the now three fingers pushing in and out of her were attached to a handsome man with long hair and stunning eyes. An Imperial, with smooth skin and the most perfect cock. She let her tongue hang out as she let him thrust faster into her. She desired the heated gasped into her ear, the sweat of their bodies as they pressed against each other-she was making a mess of the sheets and not even noticing it.

"Yes... Yes! Harder! Faster!" She was speaking to no one, and no one spoke back. Instead, Irene shut her eyes tight and cried out as she started to cum around her own fingers. She felt the waves of pleasure crash against her lower body, erupting in a torrent of bliss that nearly ruined the silks she had laid on.

She had not realized how tired she was until after she orgasmed. Her tongue cleaned her fingers and the rest was wiped on leggings, quickly pulled up around the mess between her thighs. She would clean up before Yennefer came, but first she needed to close her eyes.

She had slept for no more than a couple of hours when she heard a loud crack outside. Sleepily she drew the sheets around her even tighter, until she heard a louder crack, followed by a loud, audible curse.

She slipped out of bed and peered out the window to the courtyard below. She saw Alden, in his white cossack, conversing with someone in dark leather armor and a low cowl. The ecclesiarch made wild hand motions at the stranger, who remained calm and poised, even as her cloak fluttered with the growing wind.

Irene watched them converse for several minutes, not able to read their lips or hear their words, before the door opened and Yennefer sauntered in, with a proud smile on her face and a strange flush in her cheeks. 

Irene closed the window quickly and shut the drapes, but still felt unsettled. She gave her best smile and clasped her hands together. "How was dinner?"

"Dinner and a walk! He took me through the gardens, and toyed with my hair beneath the moonlight!" The young girl fell back onto the bed. "What do you call the feeling inside your stomach with it is warm and tingly?"

Being horny. "Excitement." Close enough, Irene thought, and sat beside the girl. She was thankful for the conversation, as the aforementioned eavesdropping unsettled her. But it also gave her an idea, an inkling on what she was going to do next.

But first came getting the young girl to bed. Irene stripped her out of her clothes, disposed her worn-and wet-articles into a pile and made them ready for the servants morning wash. And as before, Irene offered the girl a place to cuddle and remain warm beneath the sheets. The same thing she did for Saris when Branimir left on ducal duties.

She was a far more affectionate girl than Saris ever was, and did not hog the sheets. But she did ask a strange question, that made the older woman scream internally for not remembering.

"Irene, why are the sheets wet?" Yennefer cocked her head and furrowed her brow.

As she tore the bed apart and removed the silks, Irene thanked the gods the girl was too oblivious, or too polite, to comment.

[Please rate and comment! Your feedback helps me become better.]