 "I need friends," Saris said and looked at herself in the mirror. She had been the capital for so long she was starting to miss Irene. The girl was the best of handmaidens and a constant joy to speak to.

Now, Saris was stuck among a court of mostly men, and courtiers who always whispered about her wherever she walked. She never wanted to trust them, and she never allowed herself to be suckered in to their games out of a need for companionship. But as she continued to work and divert money to certain aspects of the festival, she contemplated it. She felt very lonely.

"Red... or blue?" She pondered what silks. Red was the color of passion, of heat and power, whereas blue was wisdom, of sound thought and calm outlook. She could not decide which suited her most this day, and set them aside and simply looked at herself in the mirror, clad in her silk undergarments.

Her breasts filled her bra nicely, and the thin fabric of her backside curved just right to hide lines and accentuate her bottom. She had shaved herself bare before she came to the capital, and continued to do so. The kingdom was hot enough without hair messing everything up down there. Bran always adored it when she laid with him.

Branimir... His name brought her discomfort and a strange revulsion. She did love him once, but to know he was a slaver? It sickened her that she would please him, that she would sit on his lap and grind herself against him. She would even allow him into her mouth, and let him have whatever carnal pleasure he desired. All because he asked, and because she was a good wife to him.

She touched her ring finger, where once she never removed a silver band, he had given her during their ceremony. The outline of its presence had faded away by now, and she did not have the courage to slide it on her finger.

You are asking me to forget sixteen years of my life! She had spoken the words to Alexander plainly and expressed her greatest fear. A fear that gnawed at her every day since Branimir's death.

Did she love him?

She was a good wife. She knew she was. But did she truly love Branimir for the man he was, the overweight and rather perverse old man? Or did she love her husband, as any wife should do when she is married? Or did she simply love to be doted on, to be the center of a man's eye and the object of his desire? The last one was the most plausible, and she knew herself too well to deny otherwise.

Eventually she settled on a blue dress, thin enough to reveal the stockings underneath and the ornate bra, but dark enough to keep her backside and groin hidden from view. She never wore a gown of velvet and lace, partly because it was much too hot in Baltmirzan and partly because she liked when people stared.

"Vanity," she said to the mirror. "I am vanity herself." She finally slipped into her sandals and wiggled her toes. They appeared as dancing sapphires. That made her smile.

"I managed to find the Tandred Troupe of Actors, along with Cynthia's Sirens, to perform for the festival." Stanislav leaned on the table and extended the folio to the king. "Their prices are reasonable, and the sirens boast they received a standing ovation in Ile de Gall."

"Galls aren't the hardest thing to impress," Nestor said and pinched the tip of his beard. "But even I have heard of them. Who is their leader?"

"I imagine a woman called Cynthia?" Brother Cyril chuckled and moved to the side as a crumpled piece of folio was tossed at him.

"Enough." The king rolled his shoulder and moved his eyes along the documents. 

Even now Saris could not understand what he thought. She used to read him so well, knew every tick in his frame that indicated his true motive. Now it appeared as if a wall had been built around him, and the only one allowed to know what it defended was himself. She blamed herself quietly, but knew it had to be done. It was the smartest, and safest, option for the both of them. She knew that!

So why did she find herself upset she could not see him the same way she used to?

"We can pay them?" the king asked and handed the document to Stanislav. His eyes turned to her, and were not the eyes she was used to. They were stoic. Unreadable.

"Indeed, we can," she said and averted her eyes. She produced a few pages from her folio. "Even after their pay, we will still have plenty to spend. Karolina's mess is almost untangled."

"Speaking of our former steward, has anyone heard from her?" Malmir interrupted. "She has been gone for far longer than she usually is."

"I am partly to blame. I sent her a bird with the official resignation letter two days ago." The king pinched the space between his eyes. "I received an answer back. She was... "

"Was the paper stained with tears?" Nestor asked with a smirk.

"Peace, Nestor. She has not been the same since Milorad." Malmir shook his head. "You did the right thing, Lex."

"But to officially fire a woman through a courier? Not even face to face?" Brother Cyril chuckled. "Aside from the jest, I agree it was a wise course of action. Karolina has mentioned she wanted to retire to Abrakatza with her son."

"My thoughts exactly." The king did not take his eyes off his marshal, and for the first time since she came to the capital, Saris though he was upset with the man. "She was understanding, and thanked me for giving her the chance to help the kingdom. She is still my sister by marriage, Nestor. Remember that."

The marshal bowed his head in submission. His usual wit and fire was quenched by the stern gaze "Apologies, your grace. I will think before I speak."

"Her help was problematic... but I am glad she can focus on coming to terms with Milorad's passing." Malmir frowned, mostly at what occurred before him. Saris could not blame him, as Alexander did not seem to be his usual self.

"It has been sixteen years," Stanislav said. "Some women forgive and forget in less than a tenth of that."

"Everyone mourns their own way," Saris said and drew their eyes to her. "Can we return to the festival?"

"My thoughts exactly," the king replied. "I will also request from you, Saris, that sufficient funds are diverted to me directly."

"Of course, your majesty," she said. "May I inquire as for what purpose?"

"There is a special guest arriving from the middle kingdoms. I want sufficient coin put aside for any enjoyment she may wish at my expense. I did not want to draw it directly from the treasury."

"You own the treasury, your grace." She tried to laugh and a few of the other men did so. But not Alexander. He remained stoic, and only offered a shrug.

"Can it be done?" he asked again, with more firmness in his voice. Humor, it seemed, was not on his mind.

"...yes, your majesty. I will make sure to allocate a certain amount for personal use." Saris dipped her quill in ink and began to scribble notes. Anything to distract herself from his unsettling gaze as it lingered on her.

"Good." The king turned his eyes to Brother Cyril, who straightened up. The usual jests of the man, and his smile, were gone. "All possible suspects of civil unrest are still detained?"

"They are, your grace." Brother Cyril bowed his head. "All their known associates are also under supervision by my associates. Rest assured, there will be no problems this festival."

"Then I suggest we pay to brighten the city. Buy silks and drape them from every building. Canopy them if you must. I want this city radiant by the time the festival comes." The king's eyes turned back to Saris. "We can afford all of this?"

"Yes, we can, your majesty." She snapped her quill in nervousness and cursed as ink stained her fingertips.

"You should be more careful," Stanislav said, and handed her another quill. "The final item on our docket is..." The chancellor's lips wilted, and his brows furrowed. "How to keep the Shah and Caliphs from killing each other?"

The entire council was silent. They all looked to each other as if to inspire something, to bring forth a shared knowledge. But little of that occurred, and it did not help no one dared to lock eyes with their currently stoic king.

A king who, after a moment, chuckled. "Well," he said, "I suppose we leave that to the steward, who had the idea to invite the Caliph lords."

"Um..." Saris almost snapped her second quill. "I... do not have anything specific."

"Put an idea forth?" Alexander tapped his chin slowly. He appeared to watch her, judge her. She was unused to it. It made her squirm, but not in fear. "It was your idea to invite them."

"I..." She felt her words escape her. Why are you putting me on the spot! "We could... offer a gift basket?"

"A gift basket?" Stanislav asked.

"A gift basket." She felt the idea come to her in but a moment. Now it was time to explain it. "Every Caliph lord who comes will receive a special gift. Uniform, perhaps some imported chocolates and a bottle of wine?"

"...are we trying to seduce them?" Nestor asked.

"In a way?" Saris tried to smile. It felt unnatural, but she kept it. "We show them that we spare no expense, and I am told the cooks are already preparing all meals in religious custom for them?"

"I saw to it." Stanislav nodded. "So... a gift basket?"

"One for everyone. Not everyone everyone, but everyone who matters. Like the emirs and the sultan." She started to write down some more notes. "Something to show we are cultured and that we care about hospitality. Maybe a book of western poetry or prose?" 

"Seems reasonable," Malmir said as color returned to his face. "What do you think, Lex?"

"I like it." The king nodded his head. "See it done. Anything else to suggest?" His eyes turned from Saris finally, and she felt her chest loosen.

"I do have an idea for-" Stanislav went to speak, when a loud horn bellowed outside. It was followed by the bells, loud enough to wake the city.

"...what was that?" Saris asked.

"Her," Brother Cyril said. He did not leave the shadows, but he shifted just enough to look through the window. "She is here."

"But the festival is in another three days! She is not supposed to be here this early!" Stanislav shot up and moved to the window. "Gods... it is her."

"Who?" Saris asked again. She received no response from anyone, save Nestor who shook his head.

"Your Shah spirit-sister." She might have smacked him for that, if a knock at the door and Rudolph's voice had not came through.

"Lex, we need to get out there now." The behemoth put his helmet on as the council filed past him. "She will throw a fit if we do not greet her."

"Is she a child?" the king asked, but raised his hand. "It was a joke. I know the answer." He stood beside Saris as the council walked. His eyes looked her up and down, for longer than she would have liked.

"What?" she finally asked.

"You look good today." The king nodded and moved past her. "Blue looks good on you."

The entourage made it to the front gate of the outer walls. With a nod from their king, the gatekeepers began to pull at the chains and raise the portcullis, behind which stood half a dozen faceless soldiers.

Their leather armor gleamed with colorful lamellar and the black cloth accentuated the gold, featureless masks they wore. They adjusted their spears as they stood in a perfect line, three to each side of the elephant between them. An elephant which bore a sedan of cushions, with a strange woman strewn across them.

She was Shah, but the gleam of her eyes was starkly inhuman, as was the way she got off her elephant. Whereas mortal men or women would slide off or ask for stairs, she floated. Her blue-gold silks fluttered and blossomed about her hips and revealed slender, chocolate-skinned legs and bare, dainty feet that stood without discomfort from the earth. Her midriff was exposed, pierced and tattooed, with a silk bra-wrap serving as her top. A mane of black curls fell down her back, luscious and full and utterly decadent in maintenance.

Saris was self-conscious of her own tresses, the more she looked at the woman. She had never felt this way before about other women she met, but as she stood next to her king...

"Make way, make way, for me; Adri." She said this in fluent En'ish, which surprised Saris, and began to move her eyes between the crowd that had gathered before her and the royal entourage in the center of it. She flicked a few locks of black hair back and walked right up to Alexander. Her smile was seductive, and she tugged at her bottom lip as a woman is want to do with a man she liked.

"Shah Adrina," Alexander said and inclined his head. "Welcome to Lukastan. I was not expecting you so early."

"I grew bored and decided to transcend your mortal thought and arrive but a few short days sooner." She winked. "You look well, King Lukaric. Have you been tightening your muscles?" She put a hand to his chest, and dug her manicured nails into his doublet.

Saris did not know why, but the way she touched Alexander upset her. Surely a king should be treated with just a bit more distance from a total stranger? Or were they not strangers? Did they have sex? The last question caused her to blink and she shook her head quickly to force the thought from her mind. 

"Your quarters are not made ready," Alexander finally said as the entourage made the walk to the keep. The citizenry pointed and spoke among themselves as the royal court passed, but none dared to say anything so long as Rudolph was nearby.

"Delayed that bit of decorum, did you?" The Shah sighed and looked to her nails. "I did not expect you to have it ready with how early I arrived anyway, King Lukaric."

The Shah carried herself with such poise and grace that it made Saris shift in envy. She did not expect a woman with such a sizable bust to keep herself so straight and yet still curvaceous! Where did the firmness of her backside come from and how did it compliment her shape so well? She tried to avert her eyes when the dusky woman looked her way.

But not quick enough. "And who are you, to gaze upon me for such a long time as to elicit perverse desire in my chest?" The Shah turned back to Alexander. "Who is she?"

"You can ask me yourself, Shah Adrina." Saris spoke in En'ish She did not know what compelled her to challenge this woman, but she felt a desire to strengthen her own pride.

"Your pronunciation is excellent, but your accent desecrates the fluidity of speech. If I wished you to answer my inquiry, I would have directed at you?" The black eyebrow, delicately crafted into a thin line, rose.

The action drew concerned looks from the other councilors, who did not understand a word of what they were saying. Or if they did, they remained quiet. Better to let Saris dig the grave herself than assist or save her. 

"I just believe it would be far more polite to speak to me directly if you have a question about me." Saris tucked some of her less lustrous black hair behind her ear.

"That may be, but I was not the one who gazed at you with longingness and a strong sense of jealousy?" The harshness in how she pronounced the words finally drew a response from the other councilors.

"Is everything alright, Shah Adrina?" Alexander asked.

"Everything is fine, King Lukaric. Your companion here is expressing her utmost appreciation for my fashion sense." The dusky woman lied so blatantly, and pinched her own blue silks. "We have similar tastes, though I prefer a softer blue to fathoms deep." 

"...yes. We are discussing clothes." Saris smiled and curtsied to Alexander, who for the first time this day displayed an emotion. It was concern.

"Cleverly played. I expected you to whine that I was being rude." The Shah returned to En'ish. "I presumed you for a pretty face and a soft disposition."

"My opinion of you has not changed."

"We have not slept together." The Shah grinned. "I assure you, once I am in your bed, you will think of me differently."

So, it was true! Saris felt color rush to her cheeks and her heart beat faster. She averted her eyes and said no more, until the dozen or so nobles and their guards stood beneath the archway of the keep.

"Forgive me, Shah Adrina, but I must take my leave." Alexander adjusted his doublet. "I am to ready something for a special guest who is arriving in a few days."

"Oh, King Lukaric, go do your thing. Please, go." She smiled a wicked thing. Her teeth were perfect, and it made Saris run her tongue against her own in self-consciousness.

"I will show your Immortals to the barracks. They can stay there."

"I trust nothing ill will befall them?" She winked at Nestor as he departed with her soldiers.

"We do not have a temple for prayer, your grace, but I have converted a large tent into a private place for prayer led by one of the Imam should you feel the desire and do not wish to travel to the temple." Malmir bowed his head.

"Shah do not need an Imam to pray. And I am not an overly pious woman to begin with. Thank you." She gave the most graceful bow as the patriarch departed. She said nothing to Brother Cyril, who had pulled up the hood of his cossack to hide his face in shadow. He merely smiled and bowed respectfully before departing.

"I will go and make your room ready, Shah Adrina," Stanislav said. "Please, wait in the foyer, and I will summon you as soon as it is ready."

"No need," the Shah said. "I will be sleeping with this one." She jerked a slender thumb at the Saris.

"Sleeping... with me?" She did not know how to respond. She was caught off guard, and looked to Stanislav for guidance. The chancellor shrugged, and the Shah smiled.

"You are one of the only people here who speaks En'ish fluently. Stanislav can speak the basics, but I crave a companion who can speak it as well as I do."

"You just said how you thought I was a pretty face and spoke rudely to me simply looking at you!" Saris shook her head in disbelief. "You do not even know my name!"

"Saris Ancyzra. I knew your husband. He supplied only the best of merchandise." The Shah extended her hand. "It is a shame Alexander was the better man. I can see why you are jealous of me being near him."

Saris simply looked at the hand; delicate, demure and perfect. She did not know what to say or do! In fact, she felt like someone had just punched her in the stomach.

"It is okay," the Shah said. "Every girl I like is confused when they first meet me. But as I said, sleep with me one night and you will consider me the closest of friends." Her lips pulled back into a perfect smile.

Saris did not know if she wanted to slap her or scream. Or both.

***

To the esteemed King Lukaric,

I am Mercedes de Artois-Caspia of House Faelilly. I learned you to be a man of great faith and gentle temperament. And unwed, which is a great crime. Because a king needs a queen, who will assist him in the burdens of leadership, and assist him in furthering his line.

I am but a humble woman learned by the most excellent of scholarly standard. I enjoy flowers, horses and poetry, which I am told you are a skilled practitioner. I would be honored to read some of your prose, should you deign to allow me a moment in your presence.

I look forward to your response, with bated breath and a butterfly heart. Please think of me, as I of you.

-Mercedes de Artois-Caspia

---

Alexander took a sip from his wine as he read the letter. He had been drawn to it more recently, even though he had already sent a formal response. He wanted to know more about this girl, if her words were true and her demeanor all that was presented.

And, he prayed, that she would help him forget about Saris.

Almost by sheer cruelty she wore his favorite color. Even her nails, her noticed, were glossed with blue. She was beautiful, and he told her such as they walked. She composed herself perfectly in from the Shah, even spoke fluently in En'ish and impressed the dusky sorceress!
