 "This is coming along nicely." Rudolph leaned on his poleaxe and adjusted his visor. "Where did we get the wood?"

"Saris had it imported from the Pagan Coast." Alexander covered his dour expression with shade as he looked upwards. "Just another thing to rile up the people."

"Still thinking about the poster?" Rudolph asked with a growl. "I told you, my knights handled its origin."

Alexander groaned in his mind. Earlier today, he had been brought a piece of paper, upon which sprawled a wolf devouring an eagle. He knew what it meant, without reading the canon beneath it.

He was furious, and had given an order he partially regretted. But his fear of war, of insulting the soon to arrive Caliph lords, won out. His knights were dispatched, and he could deal with the aftermath in petitions.

"The last thing I need is a revolt," he told the knight. "Especially as things are going so well."

"Once people are fighting for sport and lancing one another off horses, I am sure the mob will forget," Rudolph said. "Besides, do you not want this place spotless for your friend?"

"How long do I have?" Alexander asked Stanislav, who adjusted the sash on his chest.

"She arrives in the next hour. We spotted her sail entering our waters," Stanislav replied. "Excited, Lex?"

"I am hoping I make a good impression," he said.

"You are wearing the best scent you have and dressed in purple and gold. If she does not think you are a suitable king, she should join a convent." Rudolph adjusted his breastplate with one hand. "Because she obviously has no interest in men."

"And you know what women like, Rudolph? Each one is different, just look at Saris." Stanislav chuckled.

"No, but I know when my king is presentable." The knight growled and adjusted his helmet. All three of them remained fixated on the wooden structure before them.

The tourney field was coming along spectacularly. It was Malmir's suggestion that saw it bear fruit, and the increased revenue from Saris' fiscal responsibility resulted in a towering structure, adorned with all the trappings and culture the kingdom could infuse. Silks fluttered above the walls and from the rafters. Ornate tapestries of House Lukaric, and various other important nobles, displayed themselves proud beneath balconies where the nobles, and the important guests, could all stare down at the display before them.

A display that was drawing quite the crowd. Alexander knew there were many knights in his realm, some native and others abroad, but he did not expect the mention of tourney to bring so many new faces to his city. Dozens of knights, young and old, flocked for the chance to prove their mettle. They provided the necessary proofs of their knighthood, and were admitted. The entire affair was a headache, which the king happily delegated to the eunuchs and other officers of his will.

"The city of tents is growing," Stanislav said. "Has Nestor assigned a few guards to settle disputes?"

"No. I did." Rudolph grunted before Alexander could speak. "My men will patrol the tents."

"Who will protect the king and keep, then?"

"You are looking at him!" Rudolph clapped a strong hand onto the king's back, and nearly ruined his doublet. "And there are nearly two dozen royal knights. I can spare four or five."

"Hm..." Stanislav stroked his chin. He seemed to relax when the king raised his hand.

"I trust Rudolph. You know that. He has never let me down." Alexander turned to the behemoth and nodded. "Besides, Nestor needs all the guards he can for Malmir's planned sermon."

"You are correct." Stanislav nodded. "Though I will admit, Rudolph is the one man I think could not be bought."

"What does that say about you, Stan?" Alexander laughed at the jab.

"Well, sometimes you can be a pain in my ass?" The chancellor grinned. It was fatherly, and it made the king feel a strange warmth in his chest. "You have been a pain since birth. I remember the day."

"It is not a competition, old man." Rudolph jerked his head. "Come on, we should get to the port. I think the Gallic princess is rolling in."

"Is she a storm?" Stanislav asked.

"Saris was." Rudolph chuckled. That was the last joke the trio made, as they returned to the city and made the journey to the port.

The amount of imports had nearly doubled, and the exports tripled. Whatever Saris had done was showing progress, as more foreign-and eastern-merchants began to flood the port. The tourney also helped, and the few troupes they had hired already played on the street corners. Loud and proud, they praised House Lukaric and the great history of Svetirat. They smartly omitted the more gruesome details of its foundation, which the king could not have been more pleased about. Even the plays had been smartly chosen, and the crowds that gathered around each festivity was something to behold.

"If they indulge now, they may not want to indulge later," Stanislav said. "We should have waited."

"No one is trying to kill each other. I think I even saw an eastern man dance with a Slavi to a lyre." The knight rolled his shoulders. His shadow alone could frighten others, and Alexander saw them move out of the way or huddle next to the crowds when they drew too close.

"...they should not be so afraid," he whispered. Despite his words, he saw children point at Rudolph from the shadows, and depart just as quick once they were spotted.

"This will change things," Stanislav said and squeezed the king's shoulder. "This will change things, Lex. I promise."

He wanted to believe it. He really did, and so he pressed on to the port, where two of his royal guard already stood at attention. They knelt before him and raised their weapons in recognition, and the king put his hands to his hips and nodded in approval.

"Let her come," he said and watched the ship sail close to the wharf, anchor, and finally settle. He tried to will his heart to steady, but it did not.

The first person to leave the ship was a handsome man with an on-edge posture. He was sharp, in chin, nose and eyes. His smile was perfect, and his auburn locks fluttered with the sea breeze. His armor was immaculate, shining, and a white-blue tabard rustled lightly against it.

"Show off," Rudolph grumbled quietly, and adjusted his dark, almost iron-like, breastplate.

The next to come off was a woman, who was not Mercedes de Artois-Caspia. This girl was blonde with soft blue eyes and dimples when she smiled. Her twin braids fell back behind her shoulders, and her gown was a tight array of velvet, with thin white laces. 

"Huh... She's a looker," Stanislav whispered through his hand. The king contemplated replacing them with less talkative men, as his heartbeat quickened.

Lastly, with the crew in attendance, stepped the woman of the hour. Her slippers were a deep purple velvet, her gown the color of blooming tulips with delicate off-white embroidery. Her hands were demure and unblemished, her neck swan-like and rising from a modest pair of breasts held back by a velvet bodice, to an elegant and regal face framed by a half-tired set of black tresses that draped over one shoulder.

Mercedes de Artois-Caspia was everything her portrait showed and more. Her eyes were innocent and downcast as she stepped onto the wharf and walked arm in arm with the handsome knight, and the younger handmaiden in tow. She could not have been older than just past nineteen winters.

Before Stanislav could greet them, the three fell to their knees in proper decorum and bowed their heads. Much to Alexander's enraptured delight, Mercedes was the one who spoke first.

"King Alexander Lukaric II, sovereign of Svetirat, Bulwark of the Covenant, Just and Noble in all things," her voice was enchanting, and the king felt his eyes draw to those lightly glossed lips. "I, Mercedes de Artois-Caspia, daughter of the House Faelilly, and beloved daughter of Lord Tancred Faelilly, Marshal in service to Duke Francois de Leon-Cest, do thank you for the opportunity to visit your blessed land, and grace me with your presence."

Her head bowed low, and Alexander blinked several times in silence. He knew decorum, he tried to maintain it in public, but the entire profession baffled him. It took him a long minute of staring at her, to process what she said, and respond in kind.

"You are most welcome. And please, there is no need to kneel so low." He bent over slightly to help her up, his hand taking her own. She had such small hands, and her palm fit perfectly against his. "You honor me with praise ill fit for one such as I. I am but a servant of the Great Wolf, and a protector of the people before all."

"Blessed be," she said. Her cheeks grew pink as he kissed her hand and beckoned her to follow him. She froze for a moment when Rudolph's shadow loomed into view, but curtsied to him.

"I shall personally escort you to the keep." Alexander gave a smile of assurance and began his journey back to the keep. He felt more confidence in his step as the noise of the growing festivities drowned out the anxious beating of his heart and brought forth a simple giggle from the woman whom he escorted.

"You are very kind..." she whispered. "I was expecting a brute, a grizzled beast of a man. That is... what they said about you." She had leaned in closer. He could smell her perfume, a dangerous scent that intoxicated him in a single whiff.

"I am sorry to disappoint," he replied with a low chuckle. He was surprised when she smiled back.

"I am glad. I was, truthfully, frightened."

Alexander felt his smile vanish and his jaw tighten. He did not ask her why she was. In fact, he needed to only watch the towering shadow that bobbed in front of him. He knew exactly why someone would be afraid of him, and it made his heart sink.

He took his leave of the beautiful creature and left her in the care of her handmaiden. The handsome knight was to be shown to his own quarters, but he waved his hands carelessly.

"I stay with the Lady Faelilly. I will sit by the door."

"We have rooms available," Alexander said.

"I will stay with the Lady Faelilly." He gave a smirk and bowed his head. "Your majesty."

Alexander rolled his shoulders and left them. Rudolph was nearby, and growled low beneath his breath as they walked.

"Something bothering you?" the king asked his knight when they were alone.

"The way the flower-boy looks at me. It is bothersome." Rudolph kept his helmet under his arm, his bald head shining as it often did. "He thinks himself a knight, when the boy's armor is more mirror than steel."

"As long as he is civil, I see no issue with him," Alexander said as they returned to his throne room. 

The rafters had been decorated, and the usual carpet had been replaced with more elegant and regal trappings. The walls had several new portraits, and the statue of Visarion the Holy outside the door had been dusted, touched up and made to look as imposing as the man supposedly was. It was almost as if the king had commissioned a new keep, and he might as well have. The amount of coin Saris brought him was unfathomable, and he felt like the biggest fool for having missed out on such amazing expenditure.

But that was the past, and he looked to the promising future. He touched his throne and admired how it appeared, now more ornate and regal than it had been. New gems had been fitted where other parts had cracked, and the gilding had been reformed to better accommodate his newfound wealth. And, for hours of petition, new cushions to seat his royal backside upon. A godsend.

"She truly is marvelous..." Alexander whispered. He heard Rudolph chuckle, and felt his body stiffen. "What?"

"Still thinking of her?" The knight asked. "I will admit, she is pretty."

"She is." The men nodded at each other, not realizing they spoke of two different women. "I am more confident about meeting the Sultan than I ever have been."

"He will be in awe. Maybe when he picks his jaw off the floor, he will let me tear it out of him." The knight laughed at his joke, but the nearby servants seemed to be scared by the words and hurried with their duties.

"Really? Come on, Rudolph." Alexander shook his head.

But in silence, recalled the words that had been spoken not half an hour ago. They resonated in his mind and assaulted his soul with questions he never thought he wanted answers to. What did the outside world think of him? His newfound company had described him as a grizzled beast of a man, a brute, assumed of savage blood passed down from a mad conqueror.

Were they wrong?

"My king, you should not do this," Stanislav said all those years ago. It was so long ago, yet Alexander remembered his caution to this very day.

"I am king," Alexander had replied. He was a boy then, the crown too large for his head. "I will speak to them. They deserve that." And despite the many protests he walked towards what would be his most defining moment.

The crowd was clamoring for blood, howling their grievances and roaring their hateful speech towards the king. They were Slavi, almost all of them, with dark hair and pale skin. They had marched through the streets and terrorized his other subjects, at which point he sent half his royal guard to keep them contained. Now, gathered before him, a tide of resentment and hatred, the king thought he could calm them down.

"Peace! Peace, good citizens of Svetirat, brave and loyal people all. I know your pain, and I understand your grievance, but I cannot condone this action you have taken. Disperse, and know that you safe in my care! None shall be harmed for this act of emotion. I promise this, as your king."

"Tyrant!" "Traitor!" They began to bang their feet and raise their household equipment to the sky as weapons. "Vengeance! Vengeance for the fallen! Death to the Caliphs!" Their words were deafening.

"We would lose more than we would gain!" He had implored. He raised his hands and took another step forward, watching the sea of angry, vicious faces. His heart was pounding, but he continued. He had to placate them. "I have not forgotten about you! The reparations I have received will be put to honoring our dead, and ensuring this crime is never repeated. Should it happen, I will ride out myself and combat our enemy!"

It was a promise said to appease them, and it only made them angrier. They cried in defiance, they roared and began to throw things. The king did not realize the wooden sandal coming at him, and the loud crack it made as it sent him sprawling to the ground. Blood was leaking out of his split cheek, and the crowd's roared deafened. There were drums, for the first time, in Alexander's ears. It made him hurt, and he needed to send it elsewhere.

With Rudolph at his side, the towering behemoth casting his shadow over all, the king gave his order. "Kill them! Kill these traitors!"

At night, Alexander remembered the screams of children as Rudolph crushed them beneath his boots, and the sound of women forced to watch their husbands and son parade the sky, impaled on the poleaxes of his royal knights. They spared no one.

"Your grace?" Rudolph asked. His strong hand riled the king from his memories. "Lex, you have been staring at your throne for the past five minutes without saying a word. It is just a chair."

'Just a chair.' The king blinked several times and rolled his shoulders. He took in a deep breath, and let the memories leave him. "I am fine, Rudolph. Thank you." He nodded his thanks and put his hand on the knight's gauntlet.

"It is close to lunch time. Perhaps your little Gallic guest is hungry?" 

The suggestion was perfect, and the king nodded his approval. Rudolph left to retrieve the woman, as the king made his way to the private garden. His servants informed the cooks of his request, and by the time they set forth a wonderful array of plates and fine foodstuffs, Mercedes de Artois-Caspia came into view.

She covered her mouth with one hand in surprise, as Rudolph and her handsome knight stood behind her. She accepted the pulled-out chair by Alexander, and blushed as he pushed it in for her. He was not a brute, a grizzled beast of a man. He was cultured, refined-and a good king, despite what the facts may say. He wanted her to see that. He wanted everyone to see that.

"I have never... what is this?" she asked with utter naivety. She delicately dipped her bread into the oil, and let the herbs and spices within cling to the warm loaf.

"Zaatar. It is a Caliph dish. Olive oil and strong herbs." He smiled and plucked an olive from a nearby plate. He popped it into his mouth and wiped the corners with a cloth. "We also have lamb, if you like it?"

"So elegant." Mercedes fanned herself and delicately cleaned her fingers with a cloth. "I... am surprised. I figured Velinian food to be bland, meager."

"Well, we are not in Velinia." Alexander smiled at her, and found it pleasing to see her turn away in fluster. "We are Slavi, born in this land and tempered by it. We may have once been from Velinia, or anywhere else in the middle kingdoms, but we are different now. We are Slavi."

"Forgive me," she said. "I am still learning, your grace."

"Please," he said and reached forward. He took her hand and ran his thumb along her knuckles. "Call me Alexander."

"Your grace, that is informal."

"It is just you and I, Mercedes. Surely we can spare decorum for just us?" The words he hoped would resonate with her, and they did. She smiled and opened her perfect glossed lips, with those perfect teeth and that slender tongue.

"May I call you Lex?"

It was a sweet request, and he nodded his head in approval. They continued their meal in mundane conversation, without the formality of their births. It was refreshing, at least for the king, to speak to someone not in his inner circle with informality.

"What is Gallador like?" he asked. "I have never been, but I am hoping to visit when my tasks allow for such a journey."

"It is beautiful, Lex." Mercedes blushed as she said his name so casually. "It is a kingdom of rolling hills and beautiful pastures never marred by bad weather. The wind blows peacefully, and the entire land sings when spring comes."

"It sounds amazing." The king nodded his head. "You have a poetic tongue, Mercedes."

"Please, I am but repeating what others have said. But it is home." She paused and clicked her tongue behind her teeth. She looked to Alexander, and an almost calm washed over her face. "In truth, I sometimes feel it is nothing but horses. Every Gallic man and woman knows how to ride a horse. Some say our ancestors were centaur." She cleaned her mouth with a cloth. "Not that I mind horses, but they can be ever so dull."

"Perhaps you can show me your skills as a rider?" The king nodded his head. "I am sure you ride very well."

"My king, we just met!" She winked and blushed before she sipped from her glass of wine.

The jest was nearly lost on Alexander, who straightened and held his hand. "No! Not that, I meant-"

"I am teasing, your grace." She smiled ever so sweetly. "Surely, at the border of conflict, you are used to crass humor?"

"I am, but not from a lady." He bowed his head. "Forgive me, I tend to be rather... stiff." He heard himself and covered his face with his palm. His companion giggled.

"I must say, you are not the man I pictured. I figured the portraits they displayed were of a younger man."

"Is that disappointing?" He tore off another piece of bread and dipped it into the zaatar.

"No. I like older men." She blushed and twirled a lock of black hair around a delicate finger. "And, I must admit, it is refreshing to find men who do not have beards."

"Not for lack of trying, mind you," the king said and chuckled. "The gods simply made it near impossible. Unlike my brother, who could grow one down to his stomach in a matter of months!"

"You have a brother, your majesty?" she asked politely with a smile.
