 "Are you sure this is safe?" Saris asked as she stood a good five feet behind Rudolph. The sun bore down on her exposed back, and she could feel the sweat beading at her hip, hidden behind the gossamer silks that fluttered on her form.

"If it acts up, I am prepared." The knight beckoned the crew with his hands and they began the slow push of a massive cage onto the ship. A massive ship, twice the size of any vessel, that carried an assortment of beasts Saris had heard of, but never saw.

The beasts were massive, and beyond primal in appearance. Some walked on all four legs and had horns protruding from their foreheads. Others had wicked talons that scratched against the rush-covered floor of their cages and elongated arms equipped with four wicked claws. Almost of them had colorful scales, though the smaller ones had feathers much like birds.

"Is there anything else you need from us, Lady-Steward?" one of the crew asked in En'ish. He was surprisingly handsome, with smooth caramel skin and a bad head. He was lighter than the traditional easterner; he was Shah.

Saris shrugged her shoulders and looked down to her records, thankful to turn her eyes away from the beast. "Everything appears to be in order. According to the dockmaster, you have been paying an extra tariff on business done in our port?"

"Aye. The other one, the fiery one, said that we've to pay triple for 'breathing ash'." The man spat into the waters and cursed. "The master says we should just sail south and talk to the jungle people themselves."

"I cannot answer for her, but," Saris began and tore off a page, "give this to your captain and let him know the crown will be more lenient. There was a problem with the records and on his next visit, provided he shows that note, he will be recompensed the previous overcharges."

The crewman furrowed his brow and chewed his lip. He appeared in disbelief. "You are different from other Slavi. You are kind."

"I do my part to the crown. That is all." She gave a bow and turned her eyes back to the cage, where Rudolph jammed the pommel of his poleaxe into the side of the thrashing raptor. She bit her tongue, despite how she felt about such treatment.

"May Ishtar bless you." The Shah left her and approached his fellows. They seemed elated by what he presented to them, especially their captain who wiped brow and raised his palms to the sky in thanks.

Rudolph loomed behind Saris and growled behind his mask. He did not speak until they touched the wharf and walked a decent distance away. "I cannot stand Shah. They are all the same."

"They are merchants, and overtaxed." Saris frowed and tapped her finger against the documents. "Hopefully their good fortune entices others to trade in our ports. Karolina sent too many merchants away with her insane tariffs."

"She said it was to get in good with the Grand Patriarch," Rudolph said. He walked slowly so Saris could keep up. "Pleasing him, she said, was important."

"The last time the Covenant took an interest in us was before we were even born, Rudolph." Saris huffed and tried to move faster. "Even the records show they barely do business with us."

"I am just repeating what Karolina said when Stanislav questioned her." The knight rolled his shoulders.

They continued to walk through the port and to each ship on her list. Half the time, Saris was the hero. She came in, spoke of recompense and promised reparations, and left with them praising her skills. The other half was spent being gawked and cursed at, which is why for the first time in her life she felt safe with Rudolph being near.

"This is outrageous!" The Slavi merchant said as he stood on the dock. "My workers have always paid the tariff on time and down to every copper!" His tunic and hose were fine and elegant, if ruined by his protruding stomach and bad breath.

"And yet according to my records you have not renewed your permit to import and export goods through your warehouse. On that basis alone I can revoke your permissions and have you arrested." Saris double checked her paperwork. "And the tariff was only a third of what was owed for the past six years."

"The steward wrote me a special pass!" The man's jowls shook in rage. "I have always paid everything according to her written word!"

"There is a new steward now, and you are looking at her." Saris tucked some of her hair behind her ears. She knew she should have worn a ponytail. "And she does things to the letter, in fairness to all."

"I will not listen to the king's favored-" The merchant silenced himself as the shadow of Rudolph loomed over him. His entire body jiggled as he shook, and his eyes turned to the earth.

"Favored...?" Saris raised an eyebrow and signed the bottom of her paperwork, before she tore it off and handed it to the man. "Pay the owed dues by tomorrow's sunrise, or your goods and permit will be forfeit."

"This is outlandish!" The man managed to cry. He dropped the paperwork and scrambled to pick it up as Rudolph stepped forward.

"You had six good years, sir. I look forward to seeing you remedy the miscalculation tomorrow."

The man took the papers, cursed under his breath, and hurried off. He nearly tripped over his own feet, and Saris stifled a laugh.

"For once you actually sounded scary, Saris." Rudolph rumbled from behind his mask and slowed his step so she could walk beside him.

"The only scary one between us is you, Rudolph." She felt herself smile at the compliment, then remembered who gave it.

"I will not argue with you." The giant turned his head. "Where is our next stop?"

"That was the last one. By my calculations, we should be receiving a total of seventy-three thousand eight-hundred and twelve gold pieces, forty-eight thousand of which is to be redistributed as recompense to the overcharged merchants and the remains to go directly to the treasury." Saris shut her folio and held it to her breast as the knight gave a low whistle. "I forgot how much I missed doing this."

"What made you stop?" Rudolph asked.

"Bran eventually gave the job to Jovan. He said I needed to focus on raising Visarion through his formative years." Sairs looked out into the ocean and frowned. Her chest felt tighter.

"Good ol' Branimir." The knight put his hand on her shoulder and she jerked away. "You still do not like me, huh?"

"I will not lie to you." Saris looked to him, to that slitted visor that obscured his face. "You frighten me, Rudolph. I have seen you do terrible things."

"Honesty is the first step in any relationship, Saris." The knight gave a hearty chuckle. "You frighten me too. I am afraid when you open your mouth."

"My mouth does not kill people," she retorted. "You do."

"You get used to it." The knight hefted his poleaxe. "Some people will not listen if they are not frightened. Like that merchant."

Saris said nothing after his comment. For nearly a week she had been quiet and wallowed in the knowledge she had been confided to by Alexander. It rent her heart to even see her husband's smile, to know that all those years he left her for months at a time were in the pursuit of something vile.

She did not even want Rudolph to accompany her, but Alexander was insistent. He will protect you. I trust no one else. She must have agreed without thinking about it. Now that she was slowly regaining her senses, she felt the fear of him grip her heart and tighten her chest more than her own sadness.

"I love Alexander, you know." The knight finally said as they headed back to the keep half an hour later. Saris turned her eyes to him and said nothing, so he repeated his words. "I love Alexander, and I love all that he loves."

"I do not love you, or Alex," she replied.

"But he loves you. And so I, in turn, will make sure you are safe." Rudolph sighed and removed his helmet. His bald head was covered in sweat and his broad jaw rolled freely. "Whatever you think of me, know that I am on your side. Besides, you used me to great effect with the merchants."

"...shut up." Saris remained quiet until they reached the keep, and spoke only to relieve herself of the knight. She entered her office and shut the door, before she slumped against the wall and smacked herself with the folios she carried.

'I love all that he loves'. She cursed those words as she rose a few minutes later. She sat at her desk and spread the papers about in meticulous order, and began to transcribe her efforts of the morning. But she was distracted, and found herself crossing out mistakes more than she usually did. He loves you.

"But I do not love him?" She blinked when she said it out loud, and not as a statement. She was questioning herself! "I do not love him!" She reassured herself and shook her head.

But that did little. In her heart, she knew the truth. Did she love Alexander? She did at some point in her life. She had imagined their life together, discussed it with him, and spent nearly two years in the capital and in his company. They shared moments that only came once in a lifetime. He was her first kiss, and the first boy she ever saw naked. 

She had gone swimming with him one afternoon, without informing anyone in the keep, and saw everything when his undergarments slipped off during his laps. She remembered being impressed at how well he looked down there. She tried to make him comfortable by losing her own too. They almost had sex that day, as she had planned, but the prospect scared them both immensely, and they settled for a kiss and a long, intense embrace.

She had been dangerously good at making boys swoon for her, but Alexander was the one she truly tried to impress with her tricks. She even once climbed a tree, hung her undergarments there, and lamented that she was too weak to climb such a large tree. Alex never even questioned her on how they got there. He climbed to the top, grabbed them, and held them out to her with cheeks brighter than apples.

She returned to the present with a shake of her head. She had loved him, that was all she knew, and she cursed herself for drawing fanciful hearts on the paperwork and produced a fresh sheet to re-transcribe everything. Gods, she felt pathetic.

She eventually distracted herself with her calculations and paperwork. A meticulous list of all the crown's finances, along with a spending plan for the next five months and an income-deficit report, ended with a surprising sum of money. If all went well, the crown would be a couple thousand gold coins richer.

"And if we calculate the costs of the upcoming festival..." she said to the empty room and began to mouth the calculations as she wrote them down. By the time she had finished, two new folios had been penned and signed, along with a third that was simplified in terms Alexander could understand.

Alexander. She was calling him that more often. She used to refer to him as king, your majesty or your grace. She was always formal with him, because she did not trust him enough to insinuate a closeness. But now...

"I received several petitions to the 'unjust taxation' you imposed on a few of the merchants." The king reviewed the report Saris had given him with pursed lips.

"And?" she asked and watched him work. She enjoyed it. Maybe a little too much.

"I denied their requests and informed them that the very maintenance of the kingdom is my responsibility." The king shut the folio and rubbed his chin. "There is a trend I am noticing, however. May I confide something in you?"

"It depends on what it is, Lex." Saris blinked and shook her head. "Your majesty."

"Please, it is just us." The king turned to her and straightened his shoulders. "The merchants who objected were all Slavi."

"I did notice that. The merchants targeted were easterners or those of mixed heritage." Saris found herself adjusting her hair more often to look attractive. She tried to stop herself, and failed a few times. "Do you know why that is? It is an easy way to rile our neighbors."

"She believes the Slavi should be the only ones in Svetirat. It is a sentiment shared by many, and I assumed she did it to goad me into action." The king frowned. He appeared to fidget with the royal seal on his ring finger "Like many, she blames me for the reparations of Ubizek."

Saris felt the heaviness of those words more than she expected. She did not know the exact details of the reparations, but she understood the desire for revenge. She remembered the tears she shared with Karolina, when she had learned her husband had been killed and the child in her belly would grow without a father. She did not realize the immensity of that pain until she became a mother herself.

"Have you spoke to her about this?" Saris asked after a short while. "Surely she understands what happened was..." She could not find the right words. She did not want to, as she saw the hurt in the king's eyes.

"I miss Milorad every day, Saris." Alexander sighed and adjusted his crown. "I know how she feels. Which is why I did not have the courage to speak up. I cannot thank you enough for what you do."

Before Saris could reply, the king excused himself and left with Stanislav. She watched the men go after she had curtsied respectfully, and headed back to her office to continue her work. She spent the next two hours in complete solitude, and completed only a single folio of work.

Her mind was restless, flooded with questions she could not answer. She thought back to Alexander-much to her internal curses-and the words he spoke. They were filled with regret, perhaps even sorrow, and drew her back to the single reason she had started to hate him, all those years ago.

Traitor! They had cried. Tyrant! Vengeance! The crowd was in an uproar. There were hundreds of them-thousands perhaps-and they cried out for the same thing. They did not want gold. They did not want land. They wanted blood, to atone for the blood of those they lost. 

And when their own king, a boy still coming to terms with the death of his only family, gave them an answer they did not like. They acted in brash emotions, and so did he.

The rest was history, written by the towering behemoths that prowled the keep and swore devotion to their commander; Rudolph of Krupple. She found it strange they listened to him, because he was not of Velinian descent like they were. He was born in Svetirat, but his ancestors hailed from a land called Haledine, a kingdom far to the north and across the sea.

But in truth, who actually belonged here? They were all descended from the various peoples of the west, those who answered the call for war and ripped apart the east for reasons even Saris did not understand. They called themselves Slavi, because they were different from those who had come before. Now it was the blanket term for any westerner in the east.

Saris eventually turned away from the window facing the city and rubbed her temples. She reminisced too much and dwelled on the past for too long. It shaped her, forged her into the woman she is, but what mattered was the present. She needed to distract herself with work. Again.

"M'lady?" A voice called from beyond the door. A knock was heard and the door eventually was opened by the guards. The girl stepped in and carried a small plate of food and a jug of wine to the desk where Saris worked. "You missed lunch. You must be hungry!"

"I..." Saris began, only to feel her stomach rumble. She had indeed forgotten about lunch, so twisted in her own thoughts and desires. "Thank you. You may leave."

The wine was sweet and helped fill the hole in her stomach, coupled with surprisingly warm bread and olives. She chewed slowly as dusted away crumbs that fell from her lips when she forgot her table manners. She continued to work and only slowed when she requested the platter of food to be taken away. The wine she kept, and poured herself several glasses throughout the dwindling hours. It helped her focus, and kept the past where it belonged.

When all her work was done, and the candles in her office burned halfway down their wax, Saris called it a night and rose from her desk. She had consumed more wine than she intended, and very skillfully asked one of the guards to escort her to her room. She did not even change out of her clothes, and simply chose to fall on her bed and close her eyes.

For some reason, she dreamt of a tourney. An impressive display of martial prowess, and heard the thunderous roar of the crowd.

***

"This is what happened last time," Malmir said.

"I know," Saris replied and held her head. She felt like she had just received a smack to the head.

"You should not drink so much on an empty stomach." The older man wagged his finger. "Some things never change?"

"I swear to the Great Wolf I will say something I will regret." Saris nodded weakly in thanks as Nestor gave her a cup of water. It tasted like heaven, and she would have done several salacious things for more.

Instead she received knowing glances and chuckles. Gods, she hated these men. They made her sick. Or was that the wine now bubbling in her stomach? At least she looked stunning. Even hung over she knew how to dress and present herself.

"The wine I sent for your dinner was not to be consumed in such a quantity." Stanislav shrugged. "You are a grown woman, Saris."

"When did you become my father?" She hissed as the pain returned to her head. "Ow. Ow. I am sorry."

"Enough, my lords. She has suffered enough." Alexander leaned back in his chair and winked at her. He was much more jovial this day, with full cheeks and a winning smile. "But I will admit, I understand now why you laughed so much when I was on the receiving end of such an ailment."

"You are an ass," Saris said as the men laughed at her once more. She did not even have the strength to roll her eyes as she slid the folio to Stanislav.. "Here is the report for finances. You can all review them. Lex has seen them already."

"Lex?" Malmir smirked.

"His grace." Saris corrected herself. The heat in her cheeks was from her hangover, surely.

"This is impressive," Stanislav said. Next was Malmir, who raised an eyebrow in surprise. "You do have an eye for coin."

"Doesn't every woman?" Nestor chuckled. He jumped as two bony hands gripped his shoulders and appeared to squeeze.

From the shadows came Brother Cyril, with a smile on his pale visage. "Did I startle you, marshal?"

"Do that again, and I will break your fingers." The man grunted and pulled away, like a child who had been pranked. He did eventually accept the folio and read it. "That is an impressive amount. Nearly triple the usual income."

"Karolina... kept poor records." Saris looked to the king, who nodded in silent appreciation. It felt good that they shared a secret. It made her stomach flutter. Or was that the hangover? "I have remedied most of them. The last thing I need is to go through the exports. That means writing letters to our usual trade partners."

"There are not many. We have alienated most of them." Brother Cyril stood in the shadows and crossed his arms. "Even letters of goodwill cannot sway them. Emir Abu Kaleb in particular was adamant on never doing business with us."

"Well, let us win them back." Saris tried to smile as her headache started to alleviate. "Surely we have something they want?"

"Short of submission and non-existence?" Malmir shook his head. "I do not like to admit it, but very few of the Caliph lords like us. They think we are savages and zealots, and they are not completely wrong."

"It's shame we're not going anywhere." Nestor leaned back and stroked his beard. "So what do you all suggest?"

All of the councilors seemed pensive. They looked to one another, made faces, gestured with their hands and shoulders and in the end lapsed back to silence after brief bouts of suggestion. Saris ignored it all, and let her hangover continue.
