 Hey folks. It's me J T. 

Pete called me recently; the Pete I'm referring to is Saint Peter of course. 

Anyways, he called to me with this sob story about how pissed at him the Almighty was. 

Evidently this old angel named Johannes Kepler had sneaked out of heaven. There was also scuttlebutt that some Guardian Angels had teamed up with him in some kind of scheme. Whatever they were doing was altering some of the Almighty's plans for humanity.

It was a major understatement to say the Almighty was not happy about it. 

So when Saint Peter came to me and said, "J T, you've got to find Kepler, and bring him back, or I could lose my job."

I said, "Pete your beat is purgatory, why are you being held responsible for an Angel who has gone off the reservation? Don't they fall under Thomas Aquinas's purview?"

He sounded exasperated when he said, "I approved Kepler for entry into heaven, so the Almighty is holding me as well as Aquinas responsible for whatever he does."

~

Down to earth I went.

I'd materialized a moment ago in a shed about a hundred yards from the trail-head of the Arabia Mountain walking and cycling path. I then rode my bike onto the Damn between upper and lower Alexander Lake, where the guy I was meeting was waiting for me. His Guardian Angel had told him to meet me there. "My name is Dirk Ryder," he said. 

He was a six foot four, slender, good looking ebony skinned guy in a florescent yellow cycling Jersey, and a pair of skintight biker's shorts, that left little to the imagination. In fact, I'm pretty sure he was uncut.

I gave him a fist bump before I said, Hi, I'm J T. It's good to meet you my man."

But I was thinking, "Damn, this dude is hung like a Shetland Pony." 

As I stood in front of him, I looked around at the half dozen or so other riders, as best I could without staring. They were all packing huge bulges in their skintight spandex pants. My best guess was, they were all there for the same reason as I was.

I shook my head and cursed Pete. "He's got me out here at a sausage festival," I thought. But I'm a professional, so I got on with my mission.

I told Dirk that I was here to ride the same trail, and hopefully have the same experience his guardian angel had been bragging about him having, to some of his buddies up in heaven.

Dirk was surprised that Guardian Angels were such Chatty Cathys.

I said to him, "You have no idea how big of a Diva they are."

~

When I asked him to tell me in his on words, what had happened to him.

He told me he rides his bike every day, and he's always taking different routes. It was his birthday the day his Guardian Angel told him to ride the Arabia Mountain Walking and Cycling Path. That was the first time he'd seen the new Rockdale River spur. The new path runs through a part of Panola Mountain Park that has old growth trees that form a canopy so thick it blocks out the sun. It looks like its dusk in the middle of the day.

He was riding the trail with all of its twists and turns, then suddenly went down hill. At the same time there were riders coming from the opposite direction. He was traveling about forty miles per hour when he and the other riders reached the bottom of the hill. Then he saw a white flash, and in an instant, he was standing in a garage. 

Somehow the guy he'd just seen on the cycling path had occupied his body, and he was sharing all Dirks' senses. 

A moment later Dirk heard a woman's voice, she said, "Is that you hunni?" She also said something else, but he couldn't quite make it out. The guy who was apparently her hubby, went into the house in Dirk's body, and waited in the kitchen while she did whatever she was doing.

Dirk was running various scenarios through his head to explain how this guy could have taken control of his body. Then it hit him, obviously he was dreaming.

At that point he breathed a sigh of relief, and decided to kick back, relax and let his dream play out.

The guy, who had control of his body, had him drinking a bottle of water while he leaned against a counter. 

When his wife walked into the room, she was wearing a bike rider's kit of her own and smiling, as she walked towards her husband saying, "Oh goody, he's here."

He looked at her and smiled, then said, "Yes."

She licked her lips before biting the bottom one. She said, "Get your clothes off Mr.; we've only got an hour."

Then she took her top off, before she pulled her pants down. She was a forty to fifty something year old in damn good shape. Dirk liked that her big tits sagged a little, and she had a bit of a mommy tummy. But the thing he liked the most, was the nest of strawberry blonde hair at the apex of her thighs.

Her jaw line wasn't as defined as it once had been, but she was still a handsome woman.

At that point Dirk was thinking just how much he loved dreams like the one he was having. He was hoping he didn't wake up before her husband fucked her.

So he breathed a sigh of relief when the hubby began to strip. As soon as they were both naked, she cooed when she looked at him. "Oh, yes that's exactly what I was hoping for Darling. I've been fantasizing about you being a tall, black man with a big dick since our Guardian Angels told us we could do this on your birthday." 

Then she rose up on her toes, put her arms around Dirk's neck and stuck her tongue into his mouth. After kissing him for a moment, she dropped to her knees and admired Dirk's cock. "Sweet Lord Darling, look at the size of his thing. I wouldn't be surprised if he whinnies when he talks." Then she opened her mouth as wide as she could and stuffed the head of it in, all the way to her throat.

She sucked Dirk's cock, licked his balls, and even rimmed him. After she'd washed his cock and balls, as well as his ass and taint with her tongue, she said, "Come on stud, it's time for you to fuck me."

She led him to the kitchen counter, and asked him to help her sit on it. When she was comfortable she spoke as if she was talking to Dirk. She said, "Mr. whoever you are in there, I've always had this fantasy of having a man like you really hammer my poontang with his big tool, while I sat on the kitchen counter. So don't hold back sugar, fuck me hard, momma's pussy can take it."

According to Dirk she was right about that. His big piece of meat, slid into her pussy with ease. Her hubby used Dirk's big dick to give her fat cat a severe pounding. "That's it stud," she said, "Just rare back and slam that big cock into me."

She kept saying, "Ride me stud," and her husband was saying to Dirk, "C'mon son, make her holla."

Her hubby had been using Dirks cock to drop the hammer on her for nearly a half an hour and he had that pussy popping, when all of a sudden Dirk felt his nuts tighten. 

At almost the same instant, the woman said, "Hurry up and cum stud, our hour is up."

As she was saying that, Dirk's cock erupted with cum. Then Dirk saw the flash of light again, and suddenly he was sitting beside the trail, and his bike was lying beside him.

He felt like he'd been sitting there for just a minute, but an hour had passed since he came down that hill.

He'd told himself he was dreaming, but he smelled like sex and he'd cum. Yet he knew he hadn't taken a nap out there in the woods.

When he rode another mile or two, to a place where the trail connected to the Arabia Mountain Path, there were lots of riders on it. When he joined in with the group, he saw the couple he'd been with, when he was wherever he was.

He went back many times to ride the path, but nothing happened. When he went to the place on the trail where he'd seen the flash, all he saw was the woods. Finally he stopped looking for it and went back to riding the various routes he liked. 

~

"Man that was weird," I said to Dirk. "That's exactly how all the Guardian Angels had described their Mortal's experience."

I told Dirk thanks and suggested that he and I ride together soon. We bumped fists again, and he said, "I gotta bounce." Then he took off on his bike.

~

After he'd gone, I hung around a while longer and listened to the conversations of the bike riders returning to their cars. It turned out all the riders were coming from the same cycling path Dirk had been riding on when he was transported through time.

They weren't all together, but they had two things in common. It was all the men's birthday, and the women were very happy.

At that point I'd realized this wasn't going to be a simple case of finding an old angel who'd run away from the home. I needed to do my research, so I headed back to Purgatory.

~

In Purgatory.

I'd lost track of how long I'd been sitting there cooling my heels while waiting to talk with Saint Peter. Finally his administrative assistant, who use to work for a President of the United States said, "I'm sorry you have to wait so long. I swear that guy is as bad as my old boss. That bashtifn has had that girl on his office cloud for hours."

I raised my eyebrows, but said nothing. A few minutes later she said, "Saint Peter will see you now."

"Thank you," I responded, before materializing on Pete's cloud. He looked as relaxed as I'd ever seen him. 

Though I don't have a need to breathe, my sense of smell is extraordinary, so I took advantage of it and sniffed.

It was just as I'd expected. I instantly recognized the mixture of the scents of vanilla, baby powder and a woman's intimate musk as belonging to his lover, Luna the Moon Goddess.

The expressions he and I exchanged, said all we needed to say about that.

He motioned for me to sit on the cloud with a great view of Earth. Once we were seated a glass of wine appeared in his hand, and a glass with a double shot of white liquor appeared in mine.

After he took a sip of his vino and savored it, he said, "So J T, what can you tell me about whatever it is Kepler is up to?"

Before I answered him, I looked at Saint Peter and thought, "Damn, it must be nice to come to the office and fuck, while somebody's out doing your work."

Saint Peter gave me a look at I hadn't seen from him since the 1940s when I busted him with the Spirit of Emelia Earhart.

He said, "I didn't have to drag your soul out of that Cathouse, after that drunk filled your chest with lead. I could have let Lucifer have you."

At that point I humbly said, "Thank you for that, Pete." But I distinctly remember him telling me, that Satan was paying him a gambling debt that day. Whatever.

So I said, "Anyway, this is what I know so far. Kepler was into astronomy right? He was also into astrology.

"Well he thought the positions of the planets affect people sexually, based on their birth month. Somehow he's combining two people into one on their birthday, then they get to know one of the people's partners in the biblical sense."

"I have no idea what the deal is with that flashing white light though."

"It was easy to find out about his interest in that, by doing this little thing called reading." And then I paused for a microsecond before continuing. 

Before I could say anything, Pete looked at me with contempt, before he gave me a warning. "I caught your insinuation," he said. "If you keep fucking with me J T." And then his voice trailed off.

I raised an eyebrow and swallowed hard before sharing the profile I'd constructed so far. "Next thing I've got to do is find out how, or if, people's birthdays play into this. I think that will go a long way to finding out what Kepler is up to," I said, with a bit more humility.

It was then that Pete coughed into his hand as though he was trying to clear his throat, before he used his thumb and forefinger to pick what looked like a pubic hair off the tip of his tongue.

Our eyes met again, but we didn't say anything about it.

Then he spoke into the air and said, "I don't have to read when I can do this. Evelyn, would you get G. G., Ike, and Bella on the horn.

That group included Galileo Galilei, Isaac Newton, and Isabella Beeton. There was some serious brainpower right there.

After Saint Peter introduced me to his friends, he said, "Guys and girl, this is my top agent. He's going to find Kepler and bring him back. I'd appreciate any help you can give him. J T, you have the floor."

When it was my turn to speak, I told them about the dream like experiences people on earth were having.

Isaac Newton was the first to offer an explanation, he said, "That old fool Kepler must have taken the B S sessions between me, him, and G. G. to heart.

"Apparently the celestial alignment is in the correct formation to affect the time and space continuum in such a way that portals can be opened which allow brief time travel. He must have found the right place and time where a portal is open for an hour." 

Galileo's eyes lit up before he threw in this little nugget, "I haven't kept track of the cycle for nearly three centuries, but we're likely at the point in Jupiter's eleven year journey around the Sun, when cosmic rays are the most potent in the Panola Mountain area. The old growth trees have been absorbing the rays for centuries; apparently they are strong enough now to cause people with compatible zodiac signs to merge into each other."

At this point my head was spinning. "What the hell kind of witchcraft are you guys talking about?" I asked.

Saint Peter looked at me and squinted before saying, "Ike, G. G., speak English please."

Before either of them could confuse us any further by attempting to explain themselves, Isabella Beeton said, "All of you are right, Kepler is using the signs of the zodiac to select the people he sets up for encounters."

And then she made a huge admission, she said, "I know this could get me kicked out of heaven, but I'm the one who put the idea in his head. 

"I still read letters sent to my Agony Aunt Advice column from women whose husbands couldn't give them a good fucking. The husbands need a bigger scepter to do the job, or their staff didn't get hard anymore, and various other reasons."

"I find those couple's Guardian Angels, and introduce them to the Guardian Angels of men who have the attributes those women are looking for. When Johnny contacts me I tell him the names of the Guardian Angels, and they handle it from there." 

Isabella went on to acknowledge an inappropriate sexual affair between herself and Kepler. She was mortified to talk about her personal sexual preferences, but she admitted that sometimes she wished that he had a bigger dingus. That's what inspired him to come up with the idea for melding himself with another man, after Isabella said no to his suggestion that she cuckold him.

Once he proved that his plan would work, she was to fuck him and whoever he merged with.

When she'd finished, Saint Peter sighed heavily before he said, "God Almighty, oops sorry about that. But you people have really fucked-up. The Almighty will have all our asses if we don't get this stopped.

"Bella, you tell Kepler that J T is the perfect person for one of your couples." 

"J T, get your ass back to Atlanta and find Kepler by whatever means necessary." With a wave of his hand, Saint Peter made it so that every day was my birthday, and then he unceremoniously ended the meeting.

~

A short time later I was back on earth. Isabella Beeton had heard from Kepler, and set it up for me to service a couple. I had no idea who they were, or what they expected, but I was hoping to get the name of their Guardian Angel and work my way to Kepler.

Isabella made the arrangement with him, and the next day I was riding through the twists and turns of the Rockdale River Trail, looking for the hill that Dirk went down that day he saw the flash of light. When I was sure I'd found it, I tried to go down slowly to keep from crashing, but my brakes couldn't hold me back. In a matter of seconds I was speeding downhill, then I saw the flash.

A moment later I was putting my bike away in someone's garage. I was in a gentleman's body, who was actually older than me. 

The feeling was unlike the sensation I have when I enter someone's body as a spirit. This time I wasn't in control. I stayed calm and waited to see what the body's natural owner needed from me. He walked into the house and headed upstairs. When he went into the master bedroom I heard water running. He opened the door to the master bathroom and said, "Baby, we're here."

The woman who was in the shower said, "Oh good hunni, bring him to me." 

His cock was already hard and standing at attention when he got undressed. At first I wondered why he still had his cock instead of mine, and then I looked at it and realized he didn't need my help. Brother-man had a third leg down there.

When he opened the door to the shower, his elegant mocha colored wife was standing there in all her glory. Water was cascading down her body. She was older, I'd guess somewhere in her sixties, but she resembled the beauty she'd been in her youth. 

Her eyes immediately went to his cock. She said, "Oh my, I haven't seen it hard in such a long time."

I heard her husband say, "So you like it then."

"Oh my, yes," she said. As she reached out and stroked his cock. She looked up at him and said, "It's so long, thick, and hard, just like it used to be. I hope you can fuck me half as well as you could before your diabetes got bad." And then they kissed passionately.

At that point I understood why I was there. He needed my confidence, vitality, and most of all my virility. It made me feel good to know that I was giving them back something that had been taken away. 

But I could also read the man's thoughts, and I found that he'd refused to ask his doctor for help with his dick. So I planted a seed in his mind that will make him receptive to the idea the next time his wife brings it up.

For the moment though, I was feeling pleasurable sensations as she was sucking him, and I could tell it was also feeling hella good to him. Meanwhile his wife was absolutely devouring his cock.

His stamina was actually mine. His Mrs. had licked, slurped and taken him into her throat long after she'd turned the shower off.

When she'd enjoyed the feel of having his hard manhood in her mouth long enough, she stood up and led him to their bed with his dick in her hand. She said, "Come on over here baby, and give this dick to me."

Apparently they hadn't fucked in a long time, because she was really tight, but once her pussy opened up he was sure enough plowing her with his massive cock. Based on the way she was whooping and hollering every time he'd go balls deep, she was loving it.

They really got their money's worth, or however this deal works, because those two bunny rabbits fucked in every position imaginable before he busted his nut exactly one hour after I'd arrived.

An instant later I came flying through the portal onto the cycling path. Somehow I kept my balance and stayed on my bike. 

Afterwards I rode back to the Arabia Mountain Cycling Path, and sure enough there was the couple I'd just help fuck.

When we were back at the car-park, I introduced myself to them and got their names. From there it was a simple matter of contacting their Guardian Angel. I'd have Kepler by the end of the day, or so I thought.

~

The first part was easy enough. As soon as the Guardian Angels found out how much trouble they were in, they sang like birds.

A short time later I was posing as a colleague of Professor Kepler at Georgia Tech. When I went to his lab in the Earth and Atmospheric Sciences Department he wasn't there, but his Student Assistant name Ma Li, gave the impression she knew where he was. The catch was she wasn't willing to give up the information. 

When she met me she saw the opportunity to satisfy one of her kinks, and hookup with an older man. So she said, "My Guardian Angel told me what Professor Kepler can do. I might be able to help you find him if you'll play with us first."
