 The cheers of the crowd could be heard from beyond the window of Alexander's chambers. The breaking of lances and the adoration of the consistent games. Every second hour since the sun rose there was a new bout, and a new display of martial prowess from the overflow of knights and nobility. 

Even some of the eastern nobles had joined in. Many of the mamluks, slave boys trained to be warriors, signed up to win glory for their masters-and perhaps their freedom. Many decisions could be made in the heat of excitement, and many treaties broken on a quick minded bet.

Alexander wished he could observe the events, but he had duties of a royal nature. He had guests to entertain in the morning, courtiers to win over in the afternoon, a sultan to keep placid in the evening feasts and a Gallic princess to woo throughout the day. His schedule was full.

Thankfully his councilors had made the festival easy. Brother Cyril maintained order from the shadows and rarely appeared in the public eye, as Malmir preached tolerance at the daily sermons in Mor Sophia. Nestor assisted Rudolph's guards at the tourney grounds while Stanislav won over the Slavi nobility with his honeyed words.

And Saris, with her wickedly graceful smile and queenly demeanor, handled everything else. She had played peacemaker, taking her lunch with the emirs and the sultan, as well as spending her nights with the Shah. She was the bridge between Svetirat and the easterners, and Alexander prayed nightly she would not snap from the immense weight she bore.

"I appreciate everything you do," he told her when they happened upon each other on the same balcony, overlooking the city. She was dressed differently, with gowns that revealed more and drew the eye faster than one could fire a bolt.

"Thanks." She rolled her exposed shoulders and adjusted the loose front of her robes. "The sultan is..."

"I know." He put his hand to her shoulder and squeezed. "A few more days. We can handle this."

"Oh, I know I can. But can you?" She teased and pulled her shoulder away. "I spoke to your Mercedes privately."

Alexander felt his muscles tighten in remembrance of the first meeting between the two. "Oh?" he finally said. "And?"

"She is nice. Maybe a bit young, and a bit too formal, but she is beautiful." Saris smiled and pinched a lock of her hair. "You did always have a thing for the color black."

"You know me too well," he replied.

"That I do," she said. "That I do..." She crossed her arms and twisted her lips. It was something she did when she was upset. He knew that much about her. He knew her quirks.

"Something on your mind?" he asked. "You can confide in me."

"And you to me." She turned her eyes back to him. "How far have you and your Gallic princess...?"

"How far have we...?"

"Do not make me say the words, Alex."

"If you are asking what I think you are asking, you do not know me well enough?" He grinned.

"I mean-you pervert." Saris pinched his bicep. "No! I mean, do you think she is the one?"

That brought forth a strange melancholy in the king. He turned away from Saris and looked out into the city. The wind carried with it a desert warmth, but it brought comfort to the king. "She is... something. I really enjoyed my time with her."

"I heard you walked with her on the beach?" Saris leaned against the railing and stuck out her chest. A strange posture, that revealed the elegant flesh of her sides, exposed by her new choice of outfit.

"You are awfully curious of my relationship." Alexander raised an eyebrow. "Are you jealous, Saris?"

"I am concerned for my friend. We both know we will never be more than that." She frowned. "Never more than that."

Alexander turned away from her and sighed. Even though he was trying to break his ties to her, eliminate the feelings that scarred his heart, the words hurt him. "It was lovely. The moon kisses her gently, and sets the rose of her cheeks alight with the brightness of a newly lit candle."

"Kissed by the moon?" Saris asked.

"Yes. Why?" He noticed a shift in her posture and the way her eyes shifted to her sandals.

"That was what you told me, before our first kiss."

There was another lapse of silence between them. When their eyes finally met, Alexander could not keep them locked for long. He cleared his throat and tugged at his collar, before straightening his back and exhaling.

"I suppose I am a bit unoriginal in my prose?" He tried to laugh it off.

"I guess." Saris turned away from him and looked out into the city. She appeared pensive.

"Does it... upset you that I said it?" he asked. He watched her jaw tighten, as it so often did when she was upset.

"I told you what we had was done." She cocked her head to the side. "But... I would lie if I did not often remember that night. I was kissed by the moon, and I had asked..."

"If I wished to taste the moon..." Alexander repeated the words and the pair lapsed into a second silence. 

Then, a fit of laughter.

"I was inexperienced. It was the first thing to come to my mind!" Saris smiled and tucked her hair back as the wind caused it to dance.

"I thought it was cute." He still thought it was cute, especially the way she blushed after.

"We were a good pair of betrothed," Saris said.

"We would have been a great king and queen," Alexander replied.

Saris said nothing in response, as the roar of the crowd echoed in the distance. She curtsied to him and departed quickly without giving him a reason. The gentle breeze had gone, and Alexander found himself staring out into the city alone, until he could handle it no more and returned to the keep.

Where a strange boy waited for him, and conversed with Rudolph. He wore traditional eastern garments but forwent a turban, and styled his hair as if he were an Imperial, with the bangs combed back and everything meticulously held together by a special substance. It was a bizarre sight, but once he heard the boy speak, he could guess who he was.

"And how do you fight in such armor? Father told me stories, but I never believed it to be true!"

"It becomes a second skin, little Caliph." Rudolph crossed his arms, while his poleaxe rested on the wall. "And I am conditioned for it. All my knights are."

"Fascinating!" Tariq ibn Gazug was smiling like a child receiving a gift on his name day. "I do not think there is anyone in the emirate who could wear such a suit!"

"You flatter me, little Caliph, but I need to return to my charge." Rudolph went to push away from the wall and straightened as Alexander approached. He was put at ease with a raised hand.

"No need. I am here." Alexander looked to the young lord and inclined his head. "You must be Tariq?"

"Son of Emir Gazug, your majesty." The boy gave a perfect bow and adjusted his tunic. "And I hope I did not upset you! I was so fascinated by your knight."

"Your father mentioned you have an interest in us?" Alexander asked. "Our knights and our customs?"

"Oh, I am!" The boy brightened and looked between the two Slavi. "I find it fascinating! Is it true to be a knight you must squire for two decades?"

"Depends on the knight," Rudolph said. "If you are good at what you do, it is sooner. But nobody likes a knight in shining armor, except bored ladies. A true knight's armor is caked in his enemies' blood, and dented from overuse on the battlefield in service to his lord."

Alexander blinked several times as he heard his guardian speak such words. He knew Rudolph detested show-knights, men in armor with little to no experience and a favored raising, but he had never heard him voice his opinion so clearly.

"And how old must you be to squire?"

"Usually you are a boy, Prince Tariq," Alexander said. "My own nephew has recently been knighted, and he has been squiring since he was..."

"Twelve years old, your grace." Rudolph cleared his throat.

"Twelve years old. And he is almost twenty?" The king shrugged. "Every knight is different. But every knight worth his blade tempers it in honor and in battle."

"Amazing!" The boy opened his mouth to ask another question, but was interrupted when a knight they had just insulted sauntered out of the nearby hallway, in tow with Mercedes' young handmaiden.

"King Lukaric," the girl said and curtsied. Her eyes drifted to Rudolph and then to Tariq, who she seemed to smile at. The ebony boy blushed furiously and turned away.

"Forgive me, I have never learned your name." Alexander laughed it off. "Either of you, even though I have taken Lady Faelilly from you several times."

"Jeanne de Atoise," the girl replied. "And beside me is Francis Lilly."

"Your grace," the shining knight said as he grinned at Rudolph. There was a strange lust in his eyes, and his palm rested close to the pommel at his hip. The larger growled quietly behind his gorget.

"You are both Galls?" Tariq grinned. "I have always wanted to visit Gallador. I am told you have the best horses in the world?"

"We do," Jeanne said and twirled a lock of blonde hair around one finger. "Forgive me, who are you?"

Alexander looked between the two youths. It was a strange sight, to see them at the same age he was when he met Saris. And then it occurred to him. "This is Prince Tariq ibn Gazug."

"Prince? He is your son?" The shining knight grinned. A growl from Rudolph saw his eyes shift back to the towering knight.

"Not mine, no. He is the son of Emir Gazug." Alexander put his hand on the ebony male's back. "Easterners call all their noble heirs princes."

"Noble heirs?" Jeanne twisted her hair a bit tighter. She was innocent in appearance, but Alexander saw her eyes light up at his words. "Really?"

"When my father passes, I will be Emir." Tariq smiled. He was oblivious, as the king himself was at his age. He would give him a little push.

"And he has a fascination with knights." Alexander looked to Jeanne, and watched the girl brighten and change her posture.

"Every Gall, man or woman, knows how to ride a horse." The handmaiden moved closer. "And my cousin is a Knight of the Silver Cross. I could... tell you more about it, once I take leave of my lady?"

"I..." Tariq blushed his throat and looked to the king, who raised his eyebrows and cleared his throat. The universal sign of approval. "I would love to, Lady de Atoise!"

"Why do you not ask Mercedes now? We came to find the king, after all." Francis adjusted his belt. "Which reminds me, Lady Faelilly has asked if you would like to escort her around the city? She wishes to partake in the festival."

"I was just about to go find her," Alexander said.

"I am sure you were, your grace." Francis grinned, and Rudolph growled a third time.

"Why do we not all go together?" Jeanne asked. 

It was a brilliant idea, and Mercedes herself was elated at the notion when they approached her with it. She clung to the king by the arm as they exited the keep, and both kept a respectful distance from Tariq and Jeanne, who were busy talking to each other as the entourage walked the decorated and paved roads.

"I suppose playing matchmaker was a thing of boredom for you, Lex?" she whispered with a soft giggle. "Jeanne looks happy."

"Tariq is a chivalrous youth. His father is a good friend of mine." Good in the sense that the man did not openly disdain him, or lambast his character.

"They look cute together, even if he is a bit dark." The Gallic noble stopped and pulled on the king's arm. "Oh my! Look at that!"

"A necklace of black pearls, for the lady?" The merchant grinned widely as the nobles approached. "It would go well with that lovely pitch of hair."

Alexander was unsurprised by the price of them, as he helped slip them around Mercedes' throat and took in her gleeful thanks. Half his outfits had black pearls. It only dawned on him recently how lucrative his kingdom truly was, when he saw the records of his treasury and took in the immensity of the festival around him. 

The troupes they had hired played beautiful ballads to couple with the laughter of the people and the smell of street-cooked foods that wafted through the air and sizzled with the ever-present heat. All allowed and available, because of Saris. His reign could have been infinitely smoother with her by his side, with the crown of his queen upon her black tresses.

"If only I had not chased her away..." Alexander said, and was surprised when Mercedes turned on him.

"Chased who away, my lord?" She ran her fingers along the pearls and smiled sweeter than any angel. She is genuine. Saris was not.

"I am rambling, Mercedes." He returned her smile and took her arm. "Composing an idea for a new poem, as I remain struck by your beauty."

"My lord!" Her giggle was soft as she pecked him on the cheek. There was a silence between the two and she looked away. "I... hope that was not too soon?"

"No!" Alexander said quickly, before he tried to laugh it off. "I do not mind it." He felt color in his cheeks, and heard the low rumble of the massive knight who remained respectfully behind them. Francis had gone to the tourney to test his luck.

"I am just... filled with joy!" His feminine companion twirled gently, skillfully, before her arm slipped back into his own. "This is such a wonderful place, most unexpected!"

"And what did you expect, Mercedes?" Alexander asked. "If I may pry, of course?"

"Well..." Mercedes turned away the color in her cheeks deepened out of embarrassment, rather than her usual innocence. "I expected towering stone, bland colors, vicious men and a place of constant strife with storms of immense heat that burn and tear at the skin."

"You expected this to be Velinia, but hotter and filled with sand?" Alexander asked.

"In a way, yes. But only because that is what they told me!" She seemed to fluster, as if she had caused him offense.

"They... are not wrong. It was like that, once." The king looked to a nearby building, wreathed in silks and adorned in luxuries. "When I was a boy, there was no color. Simply knights and soldiers everywhere, always seeking a fight. Even in times of peace, we remained on a swords edge."

"How terrifying!" Mercedes squeezed his arm as they came to a stop. Tariq and Jeanne had gone to watch a performer juggle swords, so the two decided to sit beneath a fluttering canopy nearby.

"Yes. But I have tried to change that," Alexander said. "It has not been easy."

"How so, Lex?" Mercedes asked. She cocked her to the side.

Civil unrest. Segregation. Religious hatred. Racism. The list continued to grow the more the king thought about it. His heart raced, his tongue knotted itself up, and for a while he simply stayed quiet, much to the dismay of his companions.

But when Alexander finally spoke, he was surprised by his words. "I desire a queen, a partner. When the day is done, and my body weakens from duty, it would be bliss to fall into the arms of another, to embrace her, and run by fingers through her black tresses."

"Black tresses?" Mercedes asked, and twisted a lock of hair around one pale finger.

"Black tresses," the king said. "I... have a fondness for them."

"Really?" The Gall teased and smiled as bashfulness returned to her cheeks. "I could never have guessed." Her eyes looked to the crowds gathering to the closing performance.

"Really." Alexander laughed.

"What else do you look for in a queen, Lex?" Mercedes asked. "Just between you and I."

The king pursed his lips. "I look for grace, the way she holds herself. I enjoy an educated mind, one who enjoys wit as well as mirth. I want her to be my equal, to assist and speak openly without fear of what others may say. I want her to sit with me during a warm night, take my hand into her own, and share a gentle kiss..."

His words inspired a fleeting memory to come. It was quick, of a girl standing by the shore. Her bare feet were kissed by the waves as the heated wind rippled against the silks of her gown and the moon kissed her fair skin.

"Thank you for sharing that with me, my king," Mercedes whispered hotly into the king's ear and drew him back to reality. The grazing of her teeth against his earlobe also helped.

"Yes," Alexander said on instinct. "Exactly." He smiled at her, and prayed his heart would stop pounding against his chest. He did not realize his face was being drawn closer to Mercedes' own, and he did not realize their lips had locked together and their tongues met. Time stopped around him. 

When his eyes opened next, he saw Saris, and desired a second kiss.

"My king," Rudolph said and forced the two nobles apart. Mercedes was blushing, and the king himself was bewildered by what had just happened. "I ask forgiveness for interrupting you, but I wish to take my leave for a short while."

"Of course," Alexander said and coughed into his hand. He needed to remember decorum when speaking in public. "You have my permission. Will you be back soon?"

"In less than hour..." The knight turned his head to a moving crowd and growled. "Something requires my attention. Nothing you need to concern your lordship with."

Alexander nodded his approval as the behemoth lumbered away. His eyes returned to Mercedes who looked away in bashfulness. "It appears the performance is-" He received his second kiss, but this time it was not from Saris.

"I am sorry, your grace." Mercedes licked her lips. "I like the way you make me feel."

"Mercedes..." Alexander said and shifted. Saris or no, he was still a man and a woman's kiss had immense power over his body. She had drawn closer, and so had he, not care for anyone who looked their way.

"That was phenomenal!" Tariq proclaimed, and the two nobles composed themselves quickly. Anyone except the two youths.

"I have never seen it performed so... simple! It was an entirely different experience." Jeanne turned her eyes to the seated nobles and curtsied. She smiled knowingly at Alexander. "I do hope you both enjoyed it as well, so far in the back and shadowed?"

"Of course!" Alexander laughed and rose. He was grateful his arousal had died by the time he stood. It was the last thing he needed his subjects to see.

"I so rarely get to see western performances. What was this called? The Fae and the Widow?" Tariq asked.

"The Fae and the Widower! It is a comedic love story of a formerly married man falling in love with a fairy," Jeanne said.

"You know what we would all fall in love for? Some food." Mercedes smiled and looked about. "I smelled something... lemony."

It was a short walk, but the company found where the smell had come from. A merchant, an easterner, was cooking skewered meat over a fire. He beckoned them to him, and happily handed them off. But he refused payment.

"Your majesty," the man said and bowed. "Without you, I would never have had the chance to continue. I cannot accept your coin."

"I did nothing, friend." Alexander was truthful. He honestly did nothing.

"You put that woman in charge, and she brought peace to my home. By the Four, I was ready to leave this city." He bowed again. "A thousand apologies for such thoughts."

"Woman in charge?" Mercedes asked when they had walked away. She looked confused by how to eat, but Jeanne had picked it up easily with Tariq's help.

"Saris," Alexander said. "My steward, I imagine. She is the only woman on my council."

"Oh! Her." Mercedes pursed her lips. "I met her earlier..."

"She mentioned," he said.

"You spoke to her?" she asked.

"In passing." Alexander took a bite from his skewer and chewed slowly. "She spoke favorably of you."

"Oh good!" Mercedes blushed. "I thought she did not like me. She seemed rather mean, and her eyes were always judging me when I spoke."

"I cannot deny she has a tendency to put people off." The king nodded. "But I have known her for almost two decades. She is an amazing woman."

"I see." Mercedes appeared to frown, and stared at him. Her eyes seemed perplexed, as if there was confusion in them-as if she did not know whether to be jealous or concerned. She eventually turned away and took a bite of her meal. "What is this flavor?" 
