 "We were a good pair of betrothed," she said.

"We would have been a great king and queen," Alexander replied.

What was she to say to that? Saris did not know, so she merely left her king in silence on the balcony. She was embarrassed, and surprisingly jealous. Kissed by the moon? What a childish compliment! And yet it upset her to know another woman received it.

She adjusted the chest of her new dress, a new style she had started adopting at behest of Adrina. "I go through all the trouble of transmuting your clothes. The least you can do is wear them?" She was given little option.

Still, she had to admit the new look drew eyes. She had never received so many compliments in recent years. Once she had a child and aged past her early twenties, she was treated as an old maid! It did not help her son was already eligible for marriage, and she was only in her thirties.

By the gods, she needed to feel young! She said as much to her friend, and before they could even decide they had gone into the city. Of course, they brought a small escort.

"My immortals," Adrina said and nearly swooned at her black and gold bodyguards. The men said nothing. It was hard to see their eyes behind the masks.

"Fearsome," Saris said and curtsied to them. She received no bow back. "Thank you for understanding."

"Please. Being Shah warrants me hatred wherever I go." The dusky woman snapped her fingers and the spear-wielding men began to follow her. "That is what I get for being near immortal and amazingly beautiful!"

"You mentioned something similar before. You were old when our ancestors were stewing in their parents' bellies?" Saris raised an eyebrow and kept her arms behind her back. It was a regal and commanding posture, plus it added emphasis to the curve of her back and the fullness of her chest.

"Oh yes. I was around your age when your kind first landed on these shores."

"That..." Saris shook her head. "Adri, that would make you over two centuries old!"

"That I am," the sorceress replied and winked. "I told you, I am not what you perceive."

"Is it magic?" Saris asked.

"Of course," the shah replied. "It is a simple thing to do, once you have attained as much power as I."

Saris did not know what to ask. She knew very little about magic-the Covenant actively pursued it-and she was at a loss. She had so many questions, but did not dare to ask them for fear of looking like a bumpkin! 

She instead asked something she did know, and did find curious. "What was it like?"

"Be more specific, dear?" Adrina stopped and beckoned for Saris to browse the stalls with her. There were many exotic things, from jade figurines from the southern jungles to Imperial plates and knives.

"What was it like when my ancestors first arrived?" Saris asked with more surety. She was glad they both spoke En'ish, as the average Slavi might take offense to such conversation.

"Bloody. Vicious. A tidal wave of pagan barbarians at our gates. It was the first time since the Coming that the Caliphs and the Shah stopped fighting each other and united." Adrina curled her fingers back as if something pained her. She appeared to seethe, as the tips of her black mane started to smolder.

For a moment, Saris saw the woman's shadow morph into something inhuman. Something monstrous.

But as quick as it had come, the pain appeared to vanish, and the sorceress gave a winning smile. "It was a strange time. How different the world becomes in but a short few centuries. Where once there had been many, now lay only yours."

"Mine?" Saris asked in confusion.

"Svetirat. This kingdom. Your home." The Shah extended her palm at the merchant who continued to pressure into buying something. He understood her meaning and begged for her forgiveness, which she never gave. "There used to be principalities, states run entirely by knights-there was even an Archbishopric at one point. All gone now, or merged into your borders."

"So, the histories say."

"So, the truth says," Adrina said. "It is amazing how far your kind have strayed from their divine mission."

"Divine mission?" Saris raised an eyebrow. She was enjoying the conversation, but was confused by the response. "What divine mission?"

"The reason you came here in the first place." Adrina pursed her lips. "Your ancestors. They came to kill monsters, because everything that stands against your creed must be exterminated."

"Monsters?" Saris asked. "There are no monsters in Svetirat. Perhaps in the middle kingdoms, but not here."

"Really? In the desert lay scorpions larger than elephants and harpies that prowl the mountains preying on pilgrims and merchants, while bestial worms buried beneath the earth lie in wait to spring up and devour with their bony mandibles. And that is only a minority." The sorceress gave a coy smile.

"But those are not here," Saris replied.

"Because your kind did a lovely job of chasing them away and keeping them out," Adrina stated. "It made the world safer, but it does not discredit what I say." 

The pair stopped in front of Mor Sophia, whose massive shadow provided shade to many small stalls where effigies and religious tokens were sold and a slew of priests preached sermons about the importance of the festival, and the duty of all faithful to its matron, Mother Layla.

There was not a single easterner in that massive shadow. Not even those of mixed heritage.

"Your faith," Adrina began. "Your Covenant says that magic is to be feared-that monsters, witches, warlocks, and premarital sex are to be feared. It preaches hate, because it comes from a land in constant turmoil." Those full lips pulled back into a smirk.

"What?" Saris asked.

"How interesting it is, that I stand in the same city my kin sought to destroy?" Adrina shrugged her delicate shoulders and continued walking. "I am hungry, Saris. Are you?"

"I can eat," she replied.

"I know, I have seen you do it." The sorceress teased and pinched the other woman. A much more painful thing, now that she had convinced Saris to wear revealing silks and dangerously eastern attire. "Perhaps some lamb, with bread and yogurt? Will you share it with me?"

"Of course." Saris nodded. It felt good to have a friend again, a confidant who was a woman, just like her.

Their journey to find a proper meal involved an intricate and woven path through the decorated city. The many merchants who clamored for attention by the street side, and the actors and musicians playing beside them, were bathed in the colorful silks that canopied between the buildings and kept the sun from oppressing the festival goers with beads of sweat.

"You handle it well," Adrina said.

"Handle what?" Saris asked.

"The heat," the sorceress replied. "Most Slavi are utterly sticky from it."

"Baltmirzan tempered me well. The summer nights are very warm."

"I prefer all my nights sticky and heated." Adrina smiled and looked about the city. "Maybe with several people."

"Eugh." Saris felt her stomach revolt. "More than one?"

"You have never indulged?" The sorceress raised an eyebrow. "It is quite a bit of fun."

"The act is to be done by those you care about, not wantonly for excessive pleasure." Saris shook her head.

"Such a dutiful woman. If you remain single for too long, I might just invite you." Adrina smiled even wider. "You would like Aurelian. He is amazing."

"Aurelian?" Saris asked.

"My lover," Adrina replied. "Legate Aurelian Nerva." 

Saris had heard the name, and the title, before. "The governor of Syrianoch?"

"The very same." Adrina gave an almost dreamy flutter of her eyes. "He is perfect. His chin is sharp, his nose is royal, his eyes are carved out of beautiful emeralds-he is perfection in my eyes. He is fit beneath that armor, muscles pristine I can trace with my tongue when he takes me, to taste the magic that seeps from his very pores and into me..." She looked ready to hump the first thing she saw.

"He sounds... lovely." Saris felt the same way too, though she was not as obvious as her companion.

"He is. And..." The sorceress made a motion with her hands. "The perfect size."

Saris cleared her throat and looked away. If Adrina was correct, she did envy her just a tad. Branimir was... satisfying. "I am sure he is."

Their journey continued and still no food in sight. They had gone down several different roads, passed a dozen or so stalls and taverns and hookah tents-only to end with still growling bellies. Any food would do at this point, and there was plenty to choose from.

The festival had brought a spark of life into the city, something Saris had not seen when she arrived. Where once dour faces glanced her way and spat on the roads now showed smiles of contentment and an eagerness to live life. It was a splendid idea, to expand it, to make it grand! And she felt no small amount of pride in making it happen.

She had distributed the wealth again, wrest it from the hands of scrupulous merchants and corrupt bureaucrats. Several of them had been dragged before Alexander and sentenced to imprisonment. Brother Cyril delighted in how full the prisons had become, as if each new body was a toy for him to enjoy in privacy. For one, Saris did not mind such methods. It achieved results, and she understood why some men were needed to enact it. A king should not dirty his own hands.

But those questionable acts allowed the common man to have enough coin to purchase something that eased his burden, that sharpened his tools and purchased food his family. The shops and markets never felt so alive, as new silk awnings were put up to allow people to gather in its shade, and the proprietors could afford more expensive goods to draw the eye of prospective patrons. The starving artist, who begged for a skin of water, now scraped together enough coin to publicly display his works and draw a crowd. Many youths had even started to leave the city and venture out, as the mines required new bodies to meet the new quotas. They were no longer aimless in the desert.

All that she saw, and everything else she could not in the vast borders of her kingdom, Saris took pride in. She had untied the noose Karolina had fastened, and the land itself breathed a sigh of thankful relief.

She was so caught up in her own hubris, that she did not notice the crowd as Adrina grabbed her by the arm. No one was moving.

"By the Four..." Adrina cursed. Her immortals, who Saris had forgotten about given their deathly silence, flanked her defensively. "You two, go help whatever happened and clear this crowd."

"Where are the guards?" Saris asked and looked around. "There should be someone handling this."

"You should know that better than I?" Adrina cocked her head to the side and furrowed her delicate brow. "No matter. My immortals will do a fine job.

"I would rather not have them cause a problem," Saris said. "We worked hard to keep the city peaceful." The pair simply waited, until one of the immortals returned and bowed his head.

For the first time since their arrival, she heard him speak.

"Two merchants had their carts smashed into one another. They are trying to remove it, but they are wedged together, your benevolence."

"Splendid," Adrina pinched the space between her eyes. "All I wanted was a piece of lamb meat. Saris is there another-" Her eyes looked up and turned to slits.

"Another what?" Saris looked to where her companion pointed, and noticed someone on the roof. They held a reflective piece of metal, and departed as soon as they were spotted.

"...I assume that is not part of your festival?"

"No." Saris shook her head. "No one uses the rooftops. Who would be up there?" Only too late did she realize what was happening.

Adrina fell back as a crossbow bolt impaled her in the shoulder. She cried out, only to snarl and swivel her head towards the rooftops. A staff appeared in her grip with a flick of her wrist. The sapphire that crowned it blazed with light and enveloped her in a translucent aura. The next bolt cracked against it, and landed at her feet.

"Death to the Shah!" A voice called from the crowd in perfect En'ish, followed by the panicked screams of the onlookers. "In the name of Dagon! For the Gods!"

Saris froze in fear. It was a trap.

The citizens began to flee in several directions, shoving each other and racing to the nearest building to hide. Saris was knocked back by one, and kicked by another, before she managed to be grabbed by Adrina. A translucent barrier surrounded her as well.

"Stay next to me," the sorceress said. "As long as you stay near me, I can protect you with my-" Her words were cut off by a scream. Saris fell back onto the earth as the protection left her, and a large silver spear erupted from her companion's stomach. 

Silver. The bane of all magic.

Saris scrambled away as Adrina twisted and spewed fire from her mouth. Like a beast from hell, the flames engulfed the first attacker and sent him rolling. Those who were running in panic cried even louder, and frantically tried to escape. Some of them were shot down by crossbow bolts, as more assassins erupted from the alleyways and the rooftops.

"Death to the Shah!" one cried out as he ran past Saris, but not before his heel connected with her cheek and slammed her face on the paved road. She felt warmth run down her face and sharp pain race through her cheeks as her vision blurred and shook.

From what Saris could see, Adrina was thrashing. More and more the attackers stabbed her with various weapons of silver, and she would retaliate with magic or a swing of her staff. The sound of thunder filled the air, as a bolt of lightning arced and sent one assassin, now a smoldering corpse, flying. Another was ripped in half with a single spell, and a third was sent flying into a wall, where he splattered into a mess of gore.

But Adrina was overwhelmed. Blood erupted from her body where weapons impaled her, crossbow bolts embedded themselves into her body. She ceased to bleed as her body changed-her skin tore apart and the holes leaked black smoke. Her hair was smoldering.

What happened next shook Saris to her very core, and she tried to crawl away as a deafening, bloody screech tore through the air. It sent her into a fetal position, and all she heard was the ring of bells.

As you see me, is not the true me. Saris understood the words now, as the lumbering abomination that was once Adrina ceased to cast spells, and sent everyone-assassin or onlooker-fleeing in terror.

Her delicate hands were now savage talons, attached to elongated arms that were fashioned from palm wood and fused together by gory tendons. Spikes erupted from her spine and one foot was a bird's claw, withered and gray. Her dusky skin was now burnt and scarred, ripped open to reveal insidious blackened bones beneath, and her black hair was now a mane of smoldering ash.

But the greatest change was her face, once beautiful and alluring, now too hideous to describe. She fell upon her attackers and made ribbons of their flesh indiscriminately. Blood rained freely, and the red mist stained Saris' face. But she could not look away, until a second, hideous screen erupted from that fiendish maw.

Saris managed to push herself up and run. The next thing she felt was an arm slamming into her chest, and several pairs of hands drag her into a nearby building. The door slammed shut and her arms were pinned to her sides as several men surrounded her.

"Lookit this!" one of them said.

"This is the one who's been fuckin' with our gold."

"Makin' life hard for good, honest Slavi." The speaker gave a wicked grin, even as the screeching and cries outside continued. It did not bother the men, as their eyes gleamed with insidious cruelty.

"Unhand me! There is a monster out there!" Saris pleaded.

"Aye, and we ain't goin' out there. Not fer a while." One man ripped open Saris' dress and groped her breasts. "Not for a long while..."

"You bastards!" Saris thrashed and slammed her head back into her captor, which freed her for a moment, until she was tackled to the ground and pinned there by an overweight and rancid form.

"Dressed up like an eastern whore, you's practically begging to be treated like one! You take our gold just like 'em." The man spat into Saris' eye. "The Wolf consumed the Eagle, little traitor."

"The Wolf leaves the Eagle dead in a gutter!" The men closed in around her.

The skirt of her dress was torn as she kicked her legs in futility. It sent one of her sandals in to the face of one man. She received a slap for that, and was grabbed by the throat. She answered that with her own grip and dug her nails into his arm and drew blood. She was afraid, but she refused to be helpless.

"Quit struggling you traitorous bitch!" The man squeezed her throat tighter, and she started to feel darkness creep at the corner of her eyes. "Can't do anything to her!"

"Just cut 'er throat! She's a traitor to the gods! Ain't worth the trouble!"

Saris wanted to cry out, and hope someone could hear her through the chaos. But no words came. She continued to kick and struggle, even as the man above her produced a blade. She prayed for the gods to send an angel. She prayed for a savior.

The door to the building splintered and flung open. The man let her go, but not by choice. A massive shadow lifted him up and slammed his head into the wall. It became little more than paste beneath the metal gauntlet.

The other men cried out and tried to run, but the wicked sharp poleaxe impaled one and sent him flying into another. The fourth man almost made it to the door, but his head was hewn in two by the axe head.

When all four men were dead, and their bloody corpses spread across the floor, the behemoth of metal reached down and lifted Saris up. She felt her heart stop and the darkness claim her, as the cries outside and the rumbling voice faded into nothingness.

***

Saris awoke to a dull throb. Her entire body felt stiff, and all she had the energy to move was her neck. Through blurry vision she started to see bodies, only one of whom she recognized.

"Saris..." Alexander said and squeezed her hand tight. She did not have the energy to squeeze back. "Are you okay? Is everything alright?"

"L-Lex?" She blinked her eyes and allowed her vision to settle. Alexander was not there. It was Adrina, whose dark fingers clashed with the paleness they cradled. Her full lips pulled back into a smile.

"He was here earlier, but only for a short while. I think his attention to you, though warranted, upset his little Gallic princess." The sorceress squeezed her hand tight. "I managed to ease your pain, but my magic can only make the bruises fade faster."

"Only bruises left?" Saris managed to wheeze out. "Did they..." She squeezed her thighs together defensively.

"No." Adrina chuckled lightly. "No, I am told you fought back like the savage little barbarian your ancestors were. Well done."

Saris finally managed to sit up with the sorceress aid and looked around the room. It was simple, with strong and safe stone walls. "I prayed for a savior... Who saved me?"

"Who do you think?" Adrina asked.

"...I watched a man's head squish as if it were an overly ripe apple. Their screams... I reveled in them." Saris took in a deep breath. "It was Rudolph."

"Exactly." The sorceress ran her thumb across her knuckles. "Your prayed for savior, thicker than a castle wall and blessed with an ease for killing."

Saris wanted to be repulsed by the thought, to say the obvious fact they all knew. But in her heart, she was grateful. He saved her. But the more she remembered the event, the more her heart began to race. Her eyes drifted over to the sorceress, and the hairs on her neck stood up.

"You... you became a monster," she said.

"I am sorry you had to witness that," Adrina said calmly. "I hope you do not think less of me? I warned you."
