 "Well, that was surprising," Adrina said and swirled the remaining contents of her goblet. "I have never seen someone jump to the defense of another so quickly."

"And against Rahman Khan," their newest companion, Farah al-Nus said. She was an older Caliph woman, with immense breasts trapped behind a gown of manila silks. She wore a simple diadem, and an ivory veil over her mouth. "My own husband cannot even stand up to him."

"He is loud," Saris said with a smile. "But like most men, a good bit of shaming does wonders." The trio spoke En'ish, because Farah's common tongue was atrocious.

"I understand now why his wife is fatter than a camel's hump in summer." Farah unironically finished her own Imperial pastry, a decadent cream swirl garnished with imported chocolate.

"If you had to take that men to bed every night, how would you handle it? Probably with a prick about..." Adrina curled her pinky. "About this?"

"Horrible!" Farah giggled and wiped the corners of her mouth.

"He reminds me of a man I know back home. Jovan Andric," Saris said as she handed their goblets and plates to a waiting servant. "Though Jovan is more... subtle, and sexist."

"Believe me, Rahman is much the same. The last time I let my daughter remove her veil, he lamented as my husband to better control the women in his life, for the goddess will not bless them should they be so wanton."

"Over a veil?" Adrina asked. "Truly, the only thing a veil is good for is seduction. Ali knew this, yet he still made it mandatory for your kind."

"Mandatory?" Saris asked as Farah went to speak. "I have seen plenty of Caliphs who do not wear a veil."

"It is not mandatory, but it is suggested and highly encouraged," Farah said. "If you are married or have not bled, it is not suggested."

"But you are married, and you wear yours," Saris said.

"Yes, as a style. The veil represents a woman untouched and 'young'. A full wrap is more common among the lowest of society, but I have known some very conservative ladies who force their daughters into it." Farah shook her head. "Why would Ishtar give us hair to cover it up?"

"Because she did not?" Adrina scoffed. "Ali made many mistakes when he left us."

"Who's is Ali?" Saris asked. "I have never heard of him."

"Because his name is Ayyub in Caliph canon," Farah replied. "You might have heard it spoken as such from an imam."

"The one who led the Caliphs out of slavery?" Saris asked. It elicited a derisive scoff from Adrina.

"His true name was Ali Xerxes, and he was a powerful general of Shah Athina Xerxes, daughter of Ozymandias, the Shahanshah," Adrina said.

"He took the name Ayyub when he broke his bonds and was no longer a slave to the Shah," Farah said as her voice grew more contentious.

"I hardly call food, bed and all the luxuries of the world at your fingertips enslavement," Adrina's own words grew more direct. She even turned to face the Caliph.

"We are all friends here, ladies," Saris said. "Now we should perhaps change the subject?"

"Agreed," Farah said. "It is best."

"Naturally," Adrina said with a smile.

"Have you been to the tourney, Lady Farah?" Saris asked. "I am told it is bursting with excellent contenders."

"I have not, no," the Caliph replied. "Though a mamluk I know is contending. He is an excellent fighter."

"You should go watch him," Adrina said. "You two are close?"

"He had done work for my husband. A reliable one, if a bit dramatic. He promised my niece a new poem when next he returned. Poor thing has been pawing her sheets in want." Farah shook her head. "Poetry. It is fine, but men do it so poorly."

"I find the effort attractive," Saris said. "My husband never indulged."

"You are married?" Farah asked.

"Widowed," Saris replied.

"I am sorry for your loss. How did he die?"

The king killed him. "He had an accident one ride. He was old, and lacked the strength he had when I married him."

"An accident involving a superior male," Adrina commented as she stuffed a pastry into her mouth. She kept her grin.

"You do not wear a ring, so I did not assume you were married." Farah inclined her head. "Whoever he was must have been a very lucky man."

Saris smiled at that, only to keep herself from frowning. When the two women began to talk to each other, she cast her eyes towards her bare ring finger. It had remained bare since she came to Lukastan. It made her uncomfortable, that she could so easily cast away her marriage in the presence of the king.

A superior male. Perhaps Adrina's words, though laced with immortal cruelty, rang true. In the primal nature of Saris, there lay a desire for the strongest man to take her as his own. A savage urge.

She pinched herself and came back to reality. Just in time to be greeted by a man she did not interact much with prior to their initial meeting. His presence alone made Farah excuse herself, and Adrina frown in disappointment.

"Sultan," Saris said with a curtsy. She did not see him enter, now that she thought about it. Was he here the whole time?

"Lady Ancyzra, was it?" Sultan Abu Khalil remained stoic, his hand resting on the pommel of his blade as it remained tucked in his robe. He was vastly different from his previous introduction. "These desserts are impressive."

"I am honored you like them. I had the ingredients imported and made specifically for your coming. I am told you are fond of Imperial dishes?"

"There is a spice to them that is unmatched, just as there is a silkiness to their chocolate that melts on the tongue." The sultan turned his eyes to Adrina, whose frown had curled upwards. "Shah Adrina."

"Sultan Khalil," Adrina said venomously.

"Abu Khalil," the sultan said. The way he said his own name frightened Saris, just enough to make her shift. "It is Abu Khalil."

"Your daughter is bint Khalil. You will forgive my confusion?" Adrina cocked her head to the side playfully. Saris had learned enough about her friend to know when she was being snide.

"Magic addles your brain," the sultan said. "You are forgiven." He returned his dark eyes to Saris. She could not tell if they were dark because of her growing fear, or the way his turban cast a shadow on his already darkened face. "You perplex me, Lady Ancyzra."

"Thank... you?" Saris asked in confusion.

"Such lovely ways to speak to a woman, Abu Khalil," Adrina said with a wicked smile.

"Sultan Abu Khalil," the sultan said.

"You keep adding to yourself, Sultan Abu Khalil." Adrina shrugged. "And not just in weight, it seems. These are not your first Imperial desserts?"

"Your efforts to rile me are more pronounced than usual, Shah Adrina. Perhaps your recent altercation with Kamaas has inspired something within you that draws you to start a conflict?" The sultan turned away from Saris and put his hand to the hilt of his sword.

"I did not tell you it was Kamaas who attacked me. Interesting." Adrina took a step forward and set her goblet to the side. "You are well informed."

The air between the two grew tense. Thankfully, no one looked in their direction, at least not anyone Saris needed to keep pleasant for the ongoing festivities. Not that she would have the time, as she played mother to these two important guests. Important and volatile, if the warm air that swirled around Adrina and the hand that hovered close to the hilt of the sultan's blade were any indication.

"Adri, can you find a servant to bring you and I more wine?" Saris asked, hoping to diffuse the tension. Before her friend could protests, she spoke again. "Sultan, have you enjoyed the festivities?" 

"It is more than expected. I did not know Svetirat to be so wealthy." The sultan frowned and watched Adrina depart. "I expected barbarism, but you have confined it to your tourney."

"Have you gone?" Saris asked.

"I have. Which is why I know your people's familiar savagery is contained," the sultan replied.

His insult cut deeper than Saris expected. She did not view herself, or her people, as barbarians. They had about as much culture as any of these easterners. But she remained calm, and smiled. "Many easterners have indulged as well. In fact, one of the finalists for the melee is a mamluk."

"A freed slave turned mercenary is of little concern," the sultan said. "Where is your king?"

It was a question Saris was asked constantly. Every time she entertained the sultan, be it a private dinner with him and his emirs, or a fond comment in passing. "I do not know off the top of my head, your excellency. I saw him earlier." Saris cocked her head to the side, only to regret it as her tresses parted to reveal that blackened eye. 

She did not get the chance to hide it, as the sultan abruptly cupped her chin. "You were beaten?"

"When Adrina was attacked, I was nearby." Saris pulled her face away. "It is nothing you need to worry about, your excellency."

"Your king allowed this?" the sultan asked.

"He had nothing to do with it," Saris replied and hid the bruise behind combed tresses. "In fact, his personal bodyguard executed the attackers."

"You do not hold him accountable?" the sultan asked.

"How can I?" Saris asked. "He did not give the order, nor was it able to be predicted."

"Doubtful," the sultan said. "He knows the Caliph and Shah are often at odds."

"I would not know, your excellency. I see only progress between us all, easterners and Slavi."

"Then you are delusional, as most women are, in how the world works."

"I do not believe being a woman has any bearing on how I see the world, your excellency." Saris felt a rising heat in her chest, born of annoyance rather than rage. "We all do the best with what we are given."

"And when you are given your husband's head?" the sultan asked. "When you are made a trophy, proof of his power to arbitrarily dispense justice?"

Saris pursed her lips. She had expected such a question, but not so direct and leading. "It was an event I cannot speak on, for I was not there. But my king, and I know him well, would do nothing to hurt me." She repeated the same words he told her so long ago, when the tears ran freely from her eyes.

"And why do you believe that?" the sultan asked.

She had no reason to answer him. No compelling force beyond her own control that made her do so. And yet she wanted to, she wanted someone to hear it. "Because he is honest with me. With everyone. He does his best, even when the whole world wants to tear him apart and destroy him. He is flawed, and has been since we were young, but he is a good man."

"Honestly spoken." The sultan polished the pommel of his blade with his palm. "Where is he?"

"As I tell you every time, sultan, I do not know off the top of my head." Saris shrugged. "Why are you so curious to interact with him?"

"It is the business of kings to speak with kings. I fear he is avoiding me."

"You have a shared history, I am told," Saris said. "You avenged our former king and prince."

"I slew my liege and took his crown. That is all." The sultan raised a hand before Saris could continue the conversation. "We will not speak of it."

"Yet you did it all the same," Saris stated and offered a curtsy. "I, personally, am grateful."

The sultan wore an expression of confusion. He looked to the floor, then back to Saris, and left without a word. He vanished into the crowds, just as Adrina arrived with two goblets of wine.

"What a prickly little scorpion," she said and nursed the edge of her goblet. "Did he insult you and belittle you?"

"No. He asked where Lex had been these couple days."

"Probably burying his sword into the tight sheath of that little Gallic girl?" Adrina chuckled. "And not the blonde one."

"...ew." Saris shook her head. "Why does the sultan want to speak to him?"

"It is the business of kings to speak with kings," Adrina said.

"What does that even mean?" Saris asked. "The sultan said the same thing."

"It means whatever he has to say is private, for Alexander alone." Adrina cocked her head to the side as she swirled her goblet. "King to king. Much like how I do not speak to you of governance, because you are not a monarch like I."

"What do you think of him?" Saris asked and took a sip of her wine, to try and steady her shaking hands.

"Very little. His kind come and go like the tides," Adrina said. "Once in a while, one of them warrants the Shah's attention."

"Does he?"

"It is the business of kings to speak with kings," Adrina stated. "And that is all I can say, Saris."

"Are we not friends?" Saris asked.

"We are. But you are not a king." Adrina smirked. "We should focus on more pleasing matters."

And with that final statement, the pair continued to mingle with the guests. Saris kept her true feelings hidden as she won over friends, smoothed relations between lords, and felt the familiar gaze of certain men upon her. Even bruised, men still wanted her. She accepted it for what it was, though she was glad Adrina was a beauty herself. Their eyes slowly drifted from the damaged flesh to the enchanted and pristine shadow.

It gave Saris enough time to excuse herself and retire, if only to the balcony outside. She closed her eyes and took in a deep breath of the warm air. She listened to the cries of the tourney beyond, to the troupes playing music down below, to the calls of the merchants and the chants of the temple and the cathedral. There was peace, despite it all. She would suffer a thousand bruises for that.

You are delusional, the sultan said in her mind. She wanted to chase the words away, and did so with a pinch to the forearm. He was wrong. She was just sick from inhaling perfume and false flattery.

"My lady," Alexander said and drew her eyes to himself. "Forgive my intrusion."

"Lex," Saris replied. "You know you can say Saris, correct?"

"We are among people. Decorum is best." The king frowned and motioned for Stanislav to stay back.

"Your majesty, of course." Saris turned and offered a smile. "I did not thank you for visiting me in my time of need."

"You need not thank me for doing what you would have done for me," the king said. He fidgeted with something, before tucking it away in his doublet. "We need to talk. May I take you somewhere more private?"

"You may," Saris extended her arm and let the king take it. She walked in step with him, until they found their way to an empty hallway. There was none save her and him, Stanislav shutting the door behind them.

"This is... not easy for me to say," Alexander began. "You must understand, I would spare you if I could. It seems every time I wish to speak to you in private it is something terrible. First your husband and now..."

"Now you are starting to worry me," she said. She took both his hands into her own, and ran her thumbs almost affectionately on his knuckles. She did not know why she did it. She felt more comfortable with him. Her heart was starting to quicken.

Alexander turned his eyes down to her hands, held them gently, and took in a deep breath. He appeared to fight back a stutter. "...there has been an attack."

"Another one?" Saris asked. "In the city?"

"No. In the kingdom." Alexander squeezed her hands tighter. "Baltimirzan was attacked from the inside."

Saris felt as if a bolt had struck her heart. She felt her knees weaken, and her eyes went wide in disbelief. She was glad she had held his hands, as they were the only things that kept her stable. 

"What?" she whispered. "What happened?"

"Your ecclesiarch, Alden, staged a revolt in the city. He set the cathedral and the temple of fire, and turned the Slavi and the easterners against each other. The city is still smoldering, from what I have read."

"W-Why?" Saris felt her voice crack. "Alden would never... He would not..."

"I am sorry. I am deeply sorry." Alexander squeezed her hands tight. "Your son is safe. I am told he did everything in his power to quell the crisis."

"Was... was there anything else? May I see this letter?" Saris pleaded. She had to read it with her own eyes, to see the words on paper.

"No, I do not have it anymore," Alexander replied.

Saris nearly collapsed. She felt a rage boil in her chest, and she yanked her hands away and slapped him. She hated him, wanted to hate him-but she knew he was not to fault. He never was. 

"How many?" she asked through tears and internal regret for her action. "How many are dead?"

"For the commoners, I do not know. Thousands, perhaps? For those of your court..." The king paused and looked away. He showed no ill will towards her. "Your imam was attacked. They say he has not woken, but he breaths despite several bones in his face being broken. Your friend Amur..." 

"What?! Do not tell me-"

"He is dead."

Saris fell into Alexander's chest. She began to weep, to stain his doublet with her tears. She felt the makeup she applied to hide her bruises run down her face. She could not speak, and made only haggard breaths. The king held her gently, and let her cry.

"Irene," she finally managed to say. "Is... is she...?"

"Her arm was snapped in half, but I am told she lives, if barely." Alexander pat her back gently and let her cry. "I am so sorry... I failed you."

"There can be no peace for us..." she whispered into the fabric. She did not even feel herself cry; the tears as natural to her as breathing. "Was there... was there anything else?"

"...no," Alexander said. "Alden was the one responsible. He orchestrated it all, though he fled in the chaos. I will send my best scouts to find him, and execute him."

The promise offered Saris no comfort. She did not even remember how she got to her chambers, or how she had crawled into bed. Her safest place, since she was a child, had been her chambers. Whatever they may have been, however small and lavish, they were the only place she felt truly safe.

And now, alone, she cried. She cried for Amur, who she will never see again. She cried for Irene, who hung on Mother Layla's threads. She cried for her son, who had to suffer it without her.

She cried for her city, a beacon of tolerance, which now lay a smoldering reminder of the fatal truth of this land. The foolish and feminine delusion of peace was no more.

***

"Saris?" Adrina asked later than night when she finally returned to the chambers. "How long have you been here, darling?"

She received no response. Saris did not want to give one. She merely flopped over and sniffled; her eyes raw from crying for what felt like hours. She had fallen asleep, only to reawaken and burst into tears again. She had nothing left to give. She felt hollow, even as the sorceress pat her shoulder.

"What happened?" Adrina asked calmly. "You can tell me. Was it Khalil?"

"Baltimirzan was attacked," Saris whispered. "My home. My friends..."

"I am sorry to hear that." Adrina rubbed that shoulder gently. She did not ask if she would be okay. "Do you want me to sleep elsewhere tonight?"

"Can... can you hold me tight?" Saris asked quietly. "I am afraid to close my eyes again." She pulled open the sheets as her companion joined her, unusually dressed in something nighttime appropriate, rather than stark nudity.

"Of course I can, darling." Adrina tucked an arm under her head and propped up her pillow, while the other draped over her shoulder and pulled her close. Saris trusted her, immensely, and had only known her for a few days-barely a week.

"...why do you like me, Adri?" she asked. "Why are you so nice to me?"

"Why are you curious?"

"It is strange... We barely knew each other, and yet you have been amazingly kind. I did not like you when I first saw you, I thought many foul things of you. And yet, right now, you make me feel safer than anyone else in this keep." Saris rolled around to look at her friend. "Why?"

The sorceress retracted the arm that was not pinned down by the weeping Slavi. She wiped the corner of Saris' eyes, and smiled softly. "Darling, if you understood anything about me, that beautiful head would erupt." She giggled. "But so be it. You remind me of someone I used to know, a very long time ago, when I was a girl in Ishtagdad. She was a Slavi from one of your kingdoms across the sea, a slave girl, with black hair and big eyes. She always came to me, held me, after the Sultan Babur ibn Tamair beat me bloody and paraded me as a monster for his subjects. She did not care who I was, what I was. She was my only friend in such a dark time."
