 It had been a few weeks since the festival, and Saris was back to work in her office. She had enjoyed herself during the festivities, putting aside now faded bruises and a rent heart, and found no fault in their proceedings. The people themselves were in awe at every spectacle that had been provided, and the treasury overflowed with coin they had gathered from the tournament and the tightening of taxes. The kingdom had never been better, and all it needed was a good polish of gold coins.

Not that it had been in a state of disarray outside the capital city itself. Saris knew Alexander ruled with a light touch, very rarely involving himself with the governance of the duchies. His dukes were given reign to act on his will, all born from noble lines loyal to House Lukaric and the royal bloodline. It worked, surprisingly, and the kingdom ran itself in almost all things aside from war and diplomacy.

Such thoughts inevitably drew Saris back to her son, all alone in the now ruined city of Baltimirzan. She did not know if he was harmed, or if the smoke and ash had harmed his delicate lungs. She wept for Irene, and prayed for her swift recovery, and waited for a sign of proof. She had written several letters, sent multitudes of coin and fiscal aid, and received one response back after her fifth. She consumed every word and kept it with her at all times for assurance. The city was being rebuilt, Irene had recovered, and her son was safe and protected. She nearly collapsed when she read the words, and prayed to the Great Wolf in thanks for his mercy.

Her bruises had also faded, barely noticeable with how much makeup she wore. Her body was still sore in some places, but thankfully the only pain was physical. Adrina's magic had done wonders, and every day Saris felt bolder in her dressing, returning to more revealing and natural silks that reminded her of home. It was loose to allow a breeze, and felt like a second skin as she dutifully continued her work with an active quill.

She calculated new tariffs and taxes for the new influx of trade agreements with the sultan and his emirs. The agreements had come in force, and nearly doubled Saris' workload. She requested and nursed a goblet of Imperial white wine. It kept her focused and chased away other thoughts that tempted her into distraction.

"Six new caravanserais down the main highway..." she said to herself and scratched the markings. "Each one allowed... no, that is not right." She crossed out one calculation and replaced it with another. "State supplied food and shelter... additional studs to tie down caravans... half a dozen guards..." She took another sip of her wine.

The idea, in her mind, was to strengthen security for the new traders, and expand areas for them to do business and be kept safe throughout their journey in Svetirat. New guards created new jobs and opportunities for young men and new hostels allowed young women to find employment outside the city. Better than becoming prostitutes, though that option was something outside of Saris' control.

"New certificate... requiring payment to solicit carnal pleasure..." She quickly wrote her thought down. No sense the kingdom should not benefit from prostitutes on the road, and the extra cost curtailed those seeking to join the trade. "The fine for not having a certificate... to be paid by... the purveyor of the solicitation."

Saris organized the papers and tucked them into a new folio, which she tied shut and placed on a growing tower of them. Each one was catalogued along the spine by which part of the treasury it affected.

"Two more," Saris mused to herself and produced another series of documents. She had started to outline them, when a knock came at the door. "It is open." She did not look to see who it was, familiar with almost the entire keep.

But this time, she was caught off guard by the feminine voice. "Oh, so the letter was true." It drew Saris from her work.

The stranger was a skinny woman, dressed in black cloth up to her chin. She wore a black coif, where few strands of red hair sprouted free. Her eyes were soft, and her cheekbones were high. She was royal, but she was not Slavi.

"Letters were... I am sorry, have we met?" Saris asked and furrowed her brows and rose to smooth her gown. "You seem awfully..."

"Saris, it is I, Karolina." The woman bowed her head respectfully. "Gods, you have grown beautiful!"

"Karolina!" Saris proclaimed, and stepped around her desk to embrace the woman. She flinched when she heard a hiss and a curse. "I am sorry."

"Do not be. I fell off my horse on my way home and hurt my shoulder." The former queen-to-be rubbed the spot in question with her gloved hand. "You have taken my place?"

"You were gone for so long; I suppose Alexander needed a replacement." Saris smiled and attempted to be as friendly as possible. She did, after all, take the woman's job. "I have worked hard to increase the kingdoms finances."

"Oh? I swear by the Great Wolf, it was the most infuriating job I ever took! I hope my organization was not a mess for you?" Karolina asked with a smile.

"It was, just a tad, but I was able to handle it." Saris did not inform her of what the king said, nor did she express her disdain for the previous steward's handiwork.

"May I see what you have done?" Karolina asked.

Saris paused. "They are all sealed and tidied up. Any particular reason?"

"Oh, shame on you. You take my place and you hide the craft of it? For shame!" But Karolina gave a soft chuckle. "Is there nothing to tantalize my eyes?"

Saris chewed her cheek and finally, with reluctance, motioned to the most recent documents. "Here. New trade agreements with the middle kingdoms and beyond."

"Marvelous," Karolina said as she leaned over the desk. "Oh, my homeland in the Dales. Stalwart friends. And Gallador?"

"The king had a recent..." Fling? Prospective Queen? "Visitor from Gallador, who he made a marvelous impression on."

"You have done marvelously, Saris. So wonderfully done, a true testament to--" Karolina stopped, her finger lingering over a single character on the page. "The Caliphs?" she asked. "Surely this is a jest?"

"Pardon?" Saris asked.

"Well, surely they are playing you for fools! Why would they agree to work with us as friends? Do they not hate us?"

"Actually, they were rather pleasant. I spent time with the sultan during the festival not a week ago. We made such an impression; they have seen us in a much better light." Saris offered a smile, but only saw the other woman frown with disappointment.

"They were here? In the keep where my husband once lived?" Karolina rose slowly. She appeared to lace her fingers together and quiver her bottom lip. "Oh, for shame! Why would Alexander allow such a thing?"

"I..." Saris began, only to take in a quick breath. "I did, actually. I convinced him."

"What? Why would you do such a thing? They want us dead! They hate us!" Karolina clasped her hands to her breasts and started to grow damp at the corner of her eyes.

"Not anymore. It has been so long; I believe they truly want to co-exist. What do we gain from fighting one another? We are stronger together, as friends."

"As friends?" Karolina asked. She appeared to shift her posture and look to the floor, before she wiped the corner of her eyes. "Oh, sweet Saris, bless your noble heart. Truly, however, I believe it to be misguided in these things."

"I think not. Baltimirzan taught me many things, chief among them being that east and west can live in harmony and grow stronger together."

"Oh, my sweet Saris," Karolina said and embraced her once more. "Sweet, sweet Saris. How delusional you are..." Their cheeks were pressed together, the black fabric against the pale cheek and the colorless lips against an exposed ear. "Must it go up in flames, for you to understand the truth of their kind?"

The words forced Saris to stiffen. She pried herself away from the embracing woman and huffed as she smoothed her gown. Their eyes met, and for a moment, Karolina's appeared to burn. She was a different woman, if only for a moment, and it frightened Saris.

But as quickly as it came, so did it quench with wet tears. "Oh, I am overcome with grief! My Milorad, my poor loving husband! How cruel are the gods to take him from me, and how cruel his murder goes unavenged! Woe betide those who consort with the eagle, oh mercy, oh heaven, cast down this unworthy soul!"

Karolina wailed so loud, that the door was pushed open by Rudolph, who strode in like a menace with the king right behind him. A king who fell to his knees to assist the now weeping widow, and help her stand only to have her clutch him and hold him tight. 

"What did you do?" Rudolph asked.

"Absolutely nothing!" Saris replied with a strange ire. "She just... started crying." She was frightening not a moment before...

"Oh, I cannot stand this Alexander, my truest and most noble brother in the eyes of the gods!"

"Easy, Karolina, easy. You should have told me you were coming back sooner. I would have greeted you myself!" Alexander appeared confused, and looked to Saris for assistance. He received none.

"I thought I could handle walking the halls, at least once more, but I cannot. I miss him so! I must depart, as quick as can be. I must ride for his soul, in penance for my grief!"

"But you only just arrived. Please, stay and refresh yourself?" Alexander cleared his throat. "I also wished to speak to you about a family matter. Surely you can stay and speak of that?"

"Nay! Nay, Alexander. I must depart, I must go! Please do not deny me--nor Milorad--this!" Karolina kissed him on the cheek and hurried out of the room in tears. Rudolph followed her at Alexander's command, as the king himself crossed his arms and leaned back against Saris' desk.

"Is this day going to get anymore strange?" Saris asked as she picked up the loose papers knocked over by the king.

"I told you, I could never speak to her properly," Alexander replied. "It is hard to do so when she is hysterical."

"And you let her be your steward?" Saris asked.

"I had no other option," Alexander replied.

"You had me," Saris said without thinking. She pursed her lips and averted her eyes as the king's settled on her. "I mean..."

"Would you have accepted, after all that had happened between us?" Alexander asked with a somber smile.

"...what brought you by?" Saris asked in a vain attempt to change the subject. Subtly she dipped a finger in a bottle of perfume she kept skillfully hidden as a paperweight and applied it to the back of her neck with a feminine tap. Ever subtle, as not to draw attention.

"I wanted to speak to you. But then I heard the wailing." Alexander sniffed the air and appeared to shift. "You smell nice."

"I try," Saris replied and reorganized her paperwork. "Can you shut the door?"

"...and leave only the two of us inside?" Alexander asked.

Saris froze and pressed her lips tight. She had said the words out of instinct, without thought to their implied meaning. She set the papers to the side and cleared her throat. "Yes, because I want to speak to you as well."

"I do not know if I have the time," Alexander said and started to walk out. "I need to speak to Karolina before she goes. It is a serious matter." Despite that, his hand lingered on the door. For a moment, he did not move.

Saris felt her heart pound, the anxiety she felt with Karolina making way to something more... needy. She wanted someone to talk to, to spend time with her while she worked. To make her laugh. She was lonely without Adrina, and still somber about her home. She prayed Alexander could feel that, and she prayed he understood it.

And he did. The king shut the door and cleared his throat as he turned to her. "What did you want to talk about?" he asked.

"How... has your day been?" Saris asked.

"It has been good," Alexander replied. He stepped towards her desk and adjusted the collar of his doublet. "I think I overdressed for the day."

"Gold and purple did not suit you. Is that piping down the thigh?" Saris tried not to laugh.

"Should I change?" Alexander asked.

"No, but promise me you will never wear that again?" Saris covered her mouth and snickered.

The king chuckled in response. "It would be easier to dress, if I had a feminine eye to assist me."

"I am sure there is not a woman in the kingdom, or beyond, that would mind helping you there, Lex," Saris said.

"And if there was one I wanted to give me her feminine eye?" he replied, and the room became silent enough to hear a coin drop.

Saris drummed her fingers against her desk. "Lex, I told you I... I do not..."

"I know. But I do not want those same feelings," he said. He approached her and leaned over her desk to lock his eyes with her own. He was unnaturally handsome now. "Indulge me, and allow me to take you on a ride outside the city tonight. As friends. You used to love riding horses."

Saris chewed her lip. She wanted to say no, she knew she should say no, but instead? "Fine. As long as you do not expect anything of me that I do not wish to give."

"I would have it no other way," Alexander said.

"We are not children anymore," Saris said. "Whatever was then does not apply to now."

"I understand," Alexander replied. He appeared elated, lighter on his feet, as if a great weight had left his shoulders.

Saris wiped the corner of her mouth, in a futile attempt not to smile. "How long had you been practicing to ask me this question, friend?" She emphasized that last word.

"The better half of the morning with Rudolph as a mentor."

"Gods have mercy," Saris said. "Did he teach you how to glare?"

"He is not that bad, Saris," Alexander replied. "He is a good man, and a loyal knight."

"I know... he just scares me." Even if he saved me... "Will he be coming with us?"

"No. It will be you and I." Alexander nearly bounced on his heels and tapped his knuckles against his palm. "I will go change into something more appropriate. And let you finish your work, of course."

"My thanks," Saris replied and waved the king away. When he was gone, and the door shut, she tucked hair behind her ear and sat back down. She tucked her free hand into her gown and placed it above where her heart would be.

It was beating faster than ever, and she felt extremely warm to her own touch.

She finally cooled when she finished her work and returned to her chambers. She slipped out of her silk gowns and dressed in something more appropriate to riding. A long tunic that she tucked into a pair of tight leather trousers. She chose a pair that accentuated her legs and complimented the black boots that fit snugly around her feet.

She looked rather mannish, with her shoulder broad in the tunic and the familiar gown of womanhood shed. She tied her hair back into a ponytail and removed her jewelry except a crescent necklace. 

To remember me by, Adrina said before she gave Saris a kiss on the cheek and departed. It was a sad afternoon, but Saris knew it was only temporary. She promised to be back someday, and they could always stay in touch through letters. But that did little to ease the loneliness, the sorrow of not having a true friend in the capital. She thought of Irene, who should have been here with her, and felt her heart sink. If she had been here...

Must it go up in flames, for you to understand the truth of their kind? Karolina's words resonated. How could she have known what happened there? The word of travelers? Did she really know what occurred or did Saris mishear her? She slapped herself and straightened up. "Focus," she told herself in the mirror. "One thing at a time..."

She exited her chambers and walked down the familiar halls, past the gardens and into the throne room itself--which was in the process of renovation. The grout between the marble was being touched up and the gilding on the windows was being reshaped into a more ornate and modernized design. A new carpet was being measured as well, to lead up to a soon to be more lavish throne. Where once it had been a respectable seat, if drab, it would become a thing of envy to all kings across the world.

They had the money to do it. She signed off on almost all of it at Alexander's request. She felt it befitted him, and could aid in strengthening his position in this land. She wished the sultan to visit once more when it was completed, to watch his bearded jaw hit the floor in shock at its grandeur. Her king would be the greatest in the land, and it made her happy.

"Lady Ancyzra?" the royal knight said. He was not as large as Rudolph, but his thick plate and towering frame still made her shiver. "His majesty is outside the city gates. I will escort you."

"My thanks," Saris replied and followed the knight through the city, past the checkpoints and gates and beyond the outer wall, where two servants brushed the manes and hides of two stallions, who were marvelous creatures. The servants bowed to their king as he dismissed them to make room for his guest.

"You look nice," Alexander said, and dismissed her escort with a wave. He looked handsome in his riding leathers and lack of crown.

"Nice?" Saris teased. "I expected something grander."

"Beautiful, then?"

"Too grand."

"I will continue with nice." The king helped her mount the steed, before her mounted his own with ease. "If you want a lack of grandeur, that is." Saris rolled her eyes, and followed him into a cant. 

The outskirts of the city were sparse in life, both floral and human. There were bushes and shrubbery, perhaps a few palm trees off in the distance closer to the floodplains, that broke through the dust cracked plains where the foot of humankind had left its mark. Small villages filled with caravanasi, brothels, hostels and the like bustled with life for those who could not find a home within the city. The few commoners who lived there waved to the canting nobles. Some of them did not even know the man before them was their king!

"How can they not know who you are?" Saris asked.

"For the first decade of my rule, I confined myself to the keep. And even after that, I rarely showed my face." Alexander frowned as they entered the open plains.

"Why?" Saris asked.

"...I was scared," Alexander replied. "I was a boy. I had made a mistake not a week after crowned that would stain my hands for years to come. But most importantly, I lost you. I was devastated."

Saris frowned and looked down to her saddle, mindful of how it bumped against her body as they reached flat earth. "You... deserved it. What you did was wrong."

"You did not let me explain myself. But... I understand." Alexander cleared his throat. "We are not here to live in the past. We are here to live in the present."

"Exactly," Saris said.

"Then let's live?" Alexander asked. "First one to reach that cliff in the distance wins a compliment from the other."

"Not much of a reward," Saris replied.

"You assume you will win." Alexander cleared his throat and rolled his shoulders.

"Last time we did this, you fell off your horse," Saris teased. "You were blushing furiously when I helped you up."

"We are living in the present. Not the past," Alexander replied. "On the count of three, we go."

Saris angled herself in the position to start at a moment's notice. Her heart raced in excitement and anxiety, as the king counted to three with his fingers. Once his hand became a fist, the two galloped. She was faster than him, but only for the first stretch. He was gaining on her, and soon passed her. She would not accept it, and so kicked her horse into a fervor. It felt like hours had passed when the two, somewhat sweaty and red, stopped on the cliff and dismounted. She felt her legs wobble, and let herself be caught her Alexander.

"Careful," he said and helped her steady. "You went hard at the last stretch there. And it was uphill."
