 "You were out late last night," Stanislav commented as Alexander took a seat at the head of the table. 

The council chamber was unnaturally stuffy this morning, and the king felt himself pull at his own collar to try and alleviate it. He reached for a nearby jug and poured himself a cup of water, before taking a sip and pursing his lips.

"Well, between the two, I was the one who got the least sleep," he said.

"Carrying a sleeping woman on horseback is not easy. Though it was quite an idyllic sight to behold. She looks peaceful when she sleeps." Stanislav nodded, as if approving of the way Alexander handled everything.

"Did you exhaust her?" Nestor asked, and received a sharp jab from Malmir.

"It is not our business. Though if he did, it must have been quite good because she is running late." The patriarch chuckled alongside the other councilors.

"No. By the gods, Saris is respectable. All we did was go for a ride." And I whined my heart out... He felt a bit more ashamed.

He had opened up to her, but he had gone too far. It was the truth, but he did not need to make it so grim to her, or to belittle her. He hoped to make it right when he saw her, perhaps pull her to the side and ask forgiveness for his behavior. When she did finally arrive, she smiled dreamily as if she were a decade younger.

"Someone slept well," Nestor commented with a chuckle.

"Glad you could join us, Saris," Stanislav said and pulled out her chair. "Feeling well?"

"Marvelous, truly." She stretched her back and caused the silks she wore to flutter about her body. She was stunning, and Alexander could not take his eyes off her body. "I am sorry I took so long."

"It is fine," Malmir said. "It is just strange. You are usually the first one to the door. It is this one who is late." He jerked a thumb to Alexander.

It drew his eyes away from Saris. "As king, I decree when council begins and ends." He raised his hand before a snide remark could be spoken. "On the subject of decrees, what do you all have for me?"

"Duke Azzony and Duke Feodor inform me that the cloistered knights of their duchies are behaving. They were shocked by Baltimirzan, and wish to express that nothing so heinous will befall us a second time." Stanislav nodded his head and pushed several papers forward. "Here are their letters for your reading pleasure."

"Alden... three times curse his name! Whatever was the past is the past. We are stronger together, not divided by creed!" Malmir proclaimed.

"Do not let the Grand Patriarch hear you. I am surprised he does not revoke your patriarchal status," Brother Cyril said. He sat in his chair for once and looked exhausted.

"We pay the tithe for the kingdom, and he leaves us alone. We even gave him extra this time, thanks to Saris," Malmir said and nodded his thanks to the steward.

"Is everything alright, Malmir? You have been upset for a few weeks now," Nestor asked. He received an uncharacteristically sharp glare from the priest.

"I had a few friends in Baltimirzan, one of whom hangs on to life by a thread. What was done there was a travesty wrought by hell itself, and if we find Alden, I will personally throw the torch or swing the axe that will send him there."

It was strange to hear such aggression from the patriarch, but Alexander could not blame him. The king averted his eyes and looked to Saris, whose dreamy smile had gone, and her eyes were filled with sorrow at the memories brought forth by the outburst.

"Any news domestically?" Alexander asked to steer the conversation in his favor.

"I sent a few envoys to check on the knights who kept their rank after you dissolved their orders. Many are sworn to the various lords in the kingdom, though some are not accounted for, and cannot be found." Stanislav gave a despondent sigh.

"I will send my friends to investigate differently. Do you have a list of their names?" Brother Cyril asked.

"Of course. I will send it to your office when we leave," Stanislav said and turned back to Alexander. "Aside from that, all is quiet."

"On that note," Nestor said with a clear of his throat. "I do have news from the border. The ghazi warbands have averted their eyes from us and moved to hunt and subdue the various groups and tribes in the wilderness. Apparently, the sultan ordered it."

"My friends inform me the easterners remain quiet, for once. They walk with a newfound purpose, as if a great burden has been lifted from their shoulders. They are complacent," Brother Cyril said.

"We have averted future conflict, or at least put minds and hearts at ease, with our joined festivities." Saris stretched and arched her back. It pushed her chest forward, which Alexander tried not to stare at as the fabric pulled around it to outline the bra beneath. "And to add, our coffers are growing exponentially with their trade agreements. Several eastern guilds and banks want to open venues in the city."

"The competition could be beneficial, unless the current guilds feel like we pander to the easterners." Stanislav twisted the ring on his finger. "Baltimirzan proved a point, that tensions lie beneath the surface."

"Any problems will be handled by me," Brother Cyril said. "If we must peel back the skin to get to the infection, then we shall."

"I did not think you to be a doctor, Brother Cyril," Stanislav said with no shortage of sarcasm.

"We had books at the monastery." Brother Cyril smiled. "But my point still stands. We will root it out. On that subject, I wish to speak to you privately after council, your grace."

"Granted," Alexander replied and scratched his chin. "Did the sultan or his emirs hear about the event?"

"No. If they did, I do not think they would tell us." Stanislav cleared his throat. "But if they are open for trade, that means they either do not want to know or just do not care."

"Or they are planning something," Nestor said. "One can never be too sure."

"Despite how I feel, I think the sultan is on our side," Alexander said. "He spoke to me before leaving and promised to work towards a better future for us all."

"Well, at least that viper has been placated," Stanislav said. "Did he sound genuine?"

"He did. I think he realized neither of us want a war," Alexander said. "We have enough land to give out and trade for a few generations."

"Eventually, a kingdom needs to expand, Lex," Nestor said.

"We are large enough," Alexander replied. "When the time comes, we will handle it. I will handle it."

"As you say, my king," Nestor replied and stroked his beard. "Aside from that, I have enacted a new screening program for the city guards. In the wake of Baltimirzan, it seems wise to properly... intrude on our potential recruit's lives and see if they are worthy to protect the city."

"That is for the best," Stanislav said. "The last thing we need is someone harboring ill will for a third of our subjects protecting them."

"Have you tried enlisting those of mixed descent?" Saris asked. "They have ties to both communities."

"That would be unwise," Brother Cyril replied. "If there is one thing both Slavi and Caliph can agree on, it is that they equally hate their mixed kin."

"He is not wrong," Nestor said and scratched his own cheek. "I was lucky enough to be skilled at what I do."

"It is a very difficult situation," Alexander said. "Let us move on to something else?" 

The conversations became more mundane, as Saris detailed a new plan for the kingdom's finances lasting several weeks. Whatever was on it slipped Alexander's mind as he watched her work. Every sway of her shoulders, every trace of her fingers, were the catalyst for his desire. Her smile was beautiful, her eyes like gemstones and her skin fairer than a summer dawn. He had seen her in such ways before, but now it was only amplified. Something had awoken in him, long buried, for her.

He wanted to speak to her, to make sure everything between them was well, as the council closed and the members departed. Saris herself was heading to the door just as Alexander went to call her name. A hand on his shoulder stopped him, and Brother Cyril pursed his lips.

"My king. A word?" he asked. Alexander reluctantly obliged, and turned to the monk. "I have news regarding our conversation."

"You do?" Alexander asked. "She was here not yesterday. I wish you would have found me sooner!"

"My apologies, but my friends work as fast as they are able. One of them, with her always, might have betrayed me. That is why it has taken so long, your grace."

"I will defer to you, Cyril. What did you find?" Alexander asked.

The monk frowned and wrung his hands together once. "It is true. Karolina was responsible for Baltimirzan."

The statement almost sent Alexander to his knees. Skillfully, he put his hand on the table and steadied himself. "You are absolutely sure?"

"She has been weaving a web of sedition across the kingdom. My friends are cleaning up the remnants in other duchies, but I was too late for Baltimirzan. She was rushed, I believe. Someone found her out and she acted brazenly."

"What does she want?" Alexander asked. "What does she gain from inciting war?"

"I do not know. All I know is that she is responsible."

It all made sense now. Or did it always make sense, and he just never wanted to believe it? The racism, segregation, the fiscal disparity--it all relied on Karolina working her hateful fingers into everything. How long had she been planning this? How long had she been the wool over his eyes? How long had he been an inept king, so lost in his own fear and anxiety, that he could not see the truth as it lay before him? A failed king, a miserable king; a tyrant in all but name. He could not see injustice, did not want to see it, even as the fire burned beneath his window and he inhaled the smoke greedily.

It made Alexander angry as he picked up a nearby chair and threw it against the wall. When the rage left him, he covered his face with his palm and took steady breaths. He waited for his muscles to stop aching and his heart to stop racing before he spoke. 

"Find her," he said as quietly as he could. "Find her, and bring her back alive. I want answers."

"I will do my best--"

"Your best better be soon, Cyril." For the first time, the king raised a finger and voice to the monk. "If you need to drag her, you may."

"As you say, your majesty," Brother Cyril bowed. "I will need a formal arrest warrant."

"No. If she believes she is in trouble, then she will attack. She will run. We need to bring her back. Tell her..." 'Tell her what?' Alexander did not know what to say. He was too angry, too disheveled in the mind, to think of anything.

"That you have grown dangerously ill, and you wish to speak about her son officially being named your heir?" Brother Cyril asked.

Alexander pursed his lips and crossed his arms. "Yes. That will work."

"I will do my best," the monk said with raised hands. "As fast as I am able, my king. I will find her."

"Good. Thank you." Alexander turned to walk away before stopping and rubbing his chin. "Cyril, I am sorry I snapped." The monk approached and pressed a pale, vein-riddled hand against his back.

"You are a king," he said. "It is my duty to serve, until the Great Wolf calls me to the hunting grounds." He let his hand slide off the king's back as he bowed and departed. Alexander followed in his wake, before he shut the door and locked it.

Alexander expected a snide remark from Rudolph, but the knight was busy with another task. Namely bickering with Saris. The two were whispering very angrily at each other, until he cleared his throat and drew their eyes to himself.

"What are you two arguing about?" he asked.

"Nothing!" Saris said quickly.

"This one was listening on you and Cyril," Rudolph growled. "I yanked her tiny little backside away and she started hissing."

"I forgot something in the room! I was hoping to enter it properly without causing a stir."

"Good job. You failed," Rudolph said. "You could have asked me to get it, but instead you asked I fetch you something from your office."

"Which you did not do!" Saris replied and wagged her finger. "For shame, Rudolph!"

"For shame? I do not obey you, Lady Ancyzra. And mark my words I--" Rudolph gripped his poleaxe tight and nearly crushed his helmet as it rest underneath his arm. "Lex--"

"It is alright. There is no need. Saris, please do not antagonize my knight," Alexander said. "And Rudolph, I am glad you kept her. I wished to speak with her. May I have the hallway?"

The behemoth of a knight growled once more, before rolling his shoulders and lumbering off. An air of calm passed before Saris as she smiled and turned to Alexander, nearly bouncing on her toes. The king liked her more when she smiled. It was strange to see her so happy.

"I can unlock the door if you need to pick something up?" Alexander said.

"No! No, it was not important." She cleared her throat and wove her fingers together.

"You know you caused me a headache with that, then? If you lied and you were spying... Saris--"

"I admit, I was listening in, but I did not get very far." She squeezed her hand together. "I cannot lie to you."

"And yet you can lie to my best friend and cause a stir?"

"He is overbearing--"

"He is the captain of the royal bodyguard and a knight. It is his nature to be overbearing, so do not antagonize him!" Alexander shook his head. "Please, enough of this childishness!"

"...as you wish, your majesty." Saris bowed her head. "I am sorry. I will... apologize to him when next I see him. What was that noise?"

"What noise?" Alexander played the fool. "Do not worry about it, Saris. In fact, may I escort you to your office? I was meaning to speak to you regarding last night."

"Oh, of course." Saris looped her arm through his own and walked in step with him. She was wearing a lovely perfume that wafted from the top of her breasts, to draw the eyes to the lightly glossed lips and the shadowed eyes. "I am sorry I fell asleep. I suppose I drank too much."

"It happens. I do not fault you for that." Alexander cleared his throat. "I wanted to apologize for my own behavior. I was too dour that night, and I hope you can forgive me."

"Forgive you for being yourself?" Saris asked and stopped him from walking. "Lex, you are always dour. You always have been. My son is the same way, ironically ruling alone just as you are."

"Very flattering, to know I remind you of your son," he said.

"I love my son more than anything in this world," Saris replied. 

Her words brought a silence between them. Alexander expected her to say that it was misconstrued statement, that it was a slip of the tongue and that her mind was wandering to several places. But she did not. Instead, her fingers were closer to his own and a pang of guilt appeared to wilt her once perfect smile.

'She is hurting'. Alexander heard Rudolph speak in the back of his mind. So, he acted on it. "Would you like to have dinner tonight?"

"Dinner?" Saris asked.

"That moment in time when you put food in your mouth?" Alexander accepted the slipper to his toes as she stepped on them for that joke.

"Yes," Saris replied. "I would like to."

"It will just be us," Alexander said. "If that is acceptable?"

Saris did not reply. Instead, she smiled and adjusted a few stray locks of her black hair. She continued to allow Alexander to escort her to her office and inclined her head in thanks as she took her leave of him and shut the door.

With her parting, Alexander was left to his own thoughts. Thoughts which began pleasant and delightful, such as the prospect of dining with such a gorgeous woman, and devolved into thoughts hateful and twisted, such as how he would hang his sister in law from the highest point in the palace or parade her head in the streets for all to see. And what of Dragos? He would be the son of a traitor, and would be ostracized and stripped of his knighthood.

These thoughts and many others scared Alexander and he locked himself in his room despite the questioning eyebrows of Rudolph. The knight had tried to pry, to insinuate, but Alexander dismissed him. He simply could not bring himself to tell his best friend. He was too embarrassed of himself, too ashamed.

How could he even think about having dinner with a woman? He could barely keep himself from screaming and lashing out at his own furniture. He had already ripped one of his doublets to shreds when it did not fit right, and now sat naked on messy sheets of his vast and perpetually empty bed. What woman wanted to lay with a failed king?

The one thing he did not take try to vent his frustrations on was his crown. It was the only connection to his father and brother still within reach, and he could not bear to throw it against the wall as he did everything else. Even now, as he saw the inept king, he could not do it.

"Milorad..." Alexander said and pressed the seal of the crown to his forehead. "Where did I go wrong? I should not have been king... Why did you have to leave me?"

Even the open window, and the gentle breeze that followed, gave him no answer. He waited an hour before he got dressed in a simple tunic, unlaced, and a humble pair of trousers. Not the most lavish of his outfits, but he did not feel like a king. He felt like a boy, a foolish boy. A boy who could not protect his people, could not see the evil before his very eyes, and could not even find a queen to love him.

"Lex, are you okay?" Saris asked when they were at dinner. He had chosen the garden, in a private corner where they would not be disturbed. The strum of the lyre was accompanied by a soft melody from the throat of a young woman. It did little to relieve him of his dour mood.

"I am well," he replied. "My mind is like the ocean."

"Vast and empty?" Saris teased as she took a bite of her salad, using the wrong hand for her fork. Alexander did not have the heart to correct her again.

"Swirling and churning," he replied. He looked away from her and to a nearby bush, only catching a glimpse of her annoyance from the corner of his eye. "Though there is a single ship with a singing crew that keeps bobbing up and down in the vastness."

"Thank you for indulging my attempt at humor," Saris said and wiped the corners of her mouth with a cloth. "If you are not feeling well, we can finish and retire."

"No, I just need a moment." Alexander finally took a bite, chewing slowly as he thought of what to say next.

"What is bothering you, Lex?" Saris asked. "Did you and Cyril talk about something that upset you?"

"...you were spying, so what did you hear?" Alexander asked, cleverly avoiding the most important point of the previous conversation.

"Not much. Once something broke, Rudolph fell upon me." Saris frowned. "He is too much."

He says the same thing about you, Alexander said in his mind. "He is my best friend, and one of the only people who I can trust wholly."

"You can trust me. You know that," Saris said as she finished her salad. Her dainty fingers plucked an olive and popped it into her mouth.

"Yes. I know," Alexander replied. He turned his eyes away from Saris to watch the musician play her lyre. She kept her eyes closed as her companion gently sang nearby. They were a respectful distance away, but close enough to be heard in the garden. He did not want their music to drown conversation, nor did he want their ears to hear every word of their conversation.

A conversation that went on for quite a bit. Alexander forgot just how much he enjoyed talking to Saris. There was a cunning to her words and her interested, laced with just enough mystery to keep guessing. Since her arrival, he had never 'caught up' with her. It was a subject he was surprised she was so open with, and it solicited a few laughs from both of them and chased away his troubles and worries, if only for a moment.
