 You liar! Alexander thought to himself with a frown. He continued to watch the tourney in a vain attempt to distract himself. From his elevated and kingly box, he, and his chosen courtiers, could look down at the entire crowd while observing and listening every word spoken during the list. The salutes of the knights coupled with their words of praise, before riding to their respective sides. Four bouts had gone, two of which involved Dragos. The boy was an amazing rider, and did his uncle proud, though he could not admit to anyone why he held the boy in favor.

But even that pride was secondary to the guilt Alexander felt. He had lied to Saris, blatantly. He had the letter then, but he did not want her to read. He did not want her to read the final lines, of which truly shocked the king; A noble woman with saffron hair was responsible for the death of several people.

There is only one noble in all Svetirat who had red hair. Alexander could not believe it. He did not want to believe it, but all the signs pointed to it. And if it were true, there was only one man he could confide it to find out.

"Are you sure?" Brother Cyril had asked. "My king, I do not think she--"

"Please. Use your friends, your agents--whatever you need to. Prove to me she is not responsible. Please." Alexander begged the monk, only to receive a reluctant nod.

"I will keep you informed. I assume you want no one else to know this?" Brother Cyril asked.

"No one," Alexander replied.

"Who besides us know of it?"

"Stanislav, but I do not think he suspects it is her." Alexander pursed her lips. "If it is her, I want you to come directly to me."

"By your will, my king." Brother Cyril bowed and returned to his shadows. "By your will."

That was just before he had come to tourney grounds. It was the last day of the festival, with a lavish feast tonight to commemorate the two goddesses being honored. Alexander spared no expense, and was told the Shah Adrina had a gift that was sure to leave the people speechless. A gift, for the trouble she caused and the bruises that blacken Saris' eye and body.

You lied to her. Alexander slammed his fist into the arm of his chair, which caused his companion to jump back.

"Are you well, Lex?" Mercedes whispered. "You have not smiled since you sat down."

"I am fine," he replied quickly, and turned away in embarrassment. "Just... look at how he rides? I wish half my knights were so skilled."

"I am sure they are," Mercedes said with a giggle. "You would be so very upset with how well we joust in Gallador."

"So many knights," Jeanne commented from behind them. She sat beside Tariq, who had been invited by Alexander personally to receive a good view. Plus, it made the girl blush, according to Mercedes.

"There used to be many more here, according to my father," Tariq said. "But they were all dissolved almost two decades ago."

"Yes," Alexander replied. "Yes, they were." 

"Why?" Jeanne asked. She received no answer, as Alexander waved his hand.

He turned his eyes to another box, where the sultan and his chosen company sat. Emir Rahman Khan was among them, the man who orchestrated the removal of the kingdom's knights by appealing to Alexander's weakness. He laughed at something the sultan said, who waved once when he saw the king staring at him.

"Ow!" Mercedes commented and pulled her hand out of Alexander's. "My king!"

"Sorry!" he said and straightened. "Forgive me. I did not mean to cause you discomfort."

Mercedes allowed him to kiss her knuckles and rub them with his thumb. "Please be careful. I am most delicate." The sentence drew a snicker from Jeanne, and a low rumble from Rudolph who loomed above them all. He had taken off his helmet, letting his bare face and bald head accept the breeze.

The company soon returned to watching the bout. Sir Janus Hawksbrow and Sir Frangost of Yor, readied their lances and canted their steeds towards one another. They gave a friendly show of respect, before returning to their corners and shutting their visors. The crowd roared in approval as the trumpets sang out to deafen it.

"Our final bout for this joust is none other than the infamous Sir Janus Hawksbrow, who has won perfectly against every challenger that has come his way! Three cheers for Sir Hawksbrow, and his equestrian skill!" The crowd, including Alexander, cheered. The tourney grounds were filled with clamor, and it brought a giggle to Mercedes.

"Fond of Janus Hawksbrow?" she asked.

"Uh... yes?" Alexander replied with a smile. "I hear he is a well-known knight."

"We were there for his birth," Rudolph said with a chuckle. He raised a hand when Alexander glared at him. "Is what I would say if it were true."

"Oh," Mercedes said. "Well, if you support him, then so do I!"

"My thanks, Mercedes." Alexander smiled, and leaned over to kiss her. She reciprocated, much to the clear of a feminine throat.

"Room for two more?" Shah Adrina asked, sauntering into the booth with Rudolph's permission. Saris was right behind her with eyes downcast and a black silk gown. She appeared as if she were in mourning, and no one could fault her in being so.

"Of course," Alexander replied. He motioned for the duo to sit down. "How are you, Saris?"

"I am well, your grace," she replied with a whisper. "I am... sorry. I am not too talkative this day."

"You look lovely in black, Lady Ancyzra," Mercedes said and gave her most beautiful smile. She received a derisive sneer in response.

"This will be fantastic," Rudolph chuckled. Alexander wanted to agree, but settled for covering his face with his palm.

"And for his challenger," the announcer cried out as the clamor died, "none other than Sir Frangost of Yor! He, too, has remained undefeated in this tourney, and has proclaimed to win the prize for his beloved. Three cheers for Sir Frangost!" The crowd responded much like did for Janus, and the trumpets sounded off once more into the warm desert air.

A minute later, the knights charged one another. The crowd roared in approval and everyone, including Alexander, was on the edge of their seat. Both knights lowered their lances, angled their bodies--and crashed against one another. Thunder rolled throughout the grounds as both lances shattered on impact.

Sir Janus nearly fell off his steed, but steadied himself as best he could. Sir Frangost was not so lucky, apparently having been knocked unconscious by the blow and falling backwards off his horse as it canted away. The crowd cheered in delight for the graphic display, and the guards came out to escort the horse, and carry Sir Frangost, away.

Janus Hawksbrow raised his shattered lance and nearly fell off his steed as well, as some of the commoners threw rose petals at him. Imported rose petals, that Saris had allowed the merchants to sell at a discounted price for the festivities. It was fitting, though Alexander was not looking forward to the extra pay he would need to offer for his guards to help keep the streets clean once everything was over. Not that it would dent his treasury.

"In one blow?!" Tariq asked, leaning over the chairs to get a better look. "That is superb!"

"Competed late, and still won. Impressive, kid." Rudolph nodded his head. "Come on, Lex. You need to crown the jousting champion."

"What? Oh, right." Alexander cleared his throat and rose to leave his box with Rudolph. They made their way to the grounds, as guards already began to remove the jousting list to make ready for the next event. That did nothing to discredit the cheers of the crowds as they saw their king approach their champion.

"King Alexander Lukaric II!" Dragos proclaimed. "I am Janus Hawksbrow, and I hope I have proved my worth in your grand tournament!" The crowd cheered in response.

"That you have," Alexander replied. "As such, I will award you the promised prize. And a second prize, if I may be so bold?" He raised his hand to draw eyes to him. "I would like you, Sir Janus Hawksbrow, to attend the feast at the palace this evening. In honor of your victory."

The knight frowned and looked to the ground. "Really? You had to ask me now?" he replied softly before rolling his shoulders. "Very well, King Lukaric. I will go, only because you asked me, Janus Hawksbrow."

Alexander smiled and embraced his nephew in front of everyone and took his arm. "Your champion of the joust!" The crowd roared in approval and the king basked in it. Not for himself, but for his nephew, who his heart swelled to see in such splendor. Milorad would be proud of his son.

But this time, it was not Milorad he saw in the boy's posture. It was his mother, and the guilt caused the joy in Alexander to wither away. He felt his heart drop, and his eyes turned to the sandy earth beneath them.

"My king? You can let go now," Dragos said and tugged his arm away. "I will see you at the feast tonight, since you had to put me on the spot."

But Alexander did not respond with words. He gave a half smile and nodded, before returning to the booth with Rudolph. He slumped into his chair and covered his mouth with his palm. He wanted to shed a tear, but not here.

"What a splendid knight! I look forward to meeting him at the feast," Tariq said. The boy was ecstatic. "What is next?"

"The melee. Sir Francis Lilly against Habbas ibn Habbas," Jeanne replied. "I should know, he would not shut up about it last night."

"Oh, you know Francis. He wants to prove he is the best, and adores a good challenge." Mercedes giggled. "He is a bastard. They are naturally aggressive creatures."

"Truly?" Adrina asked, finally speaking with someone other than Saris since her arrival. "In what sense? A prick or born out of wedlock?"

"My coin is on the first one," Rudolph commented.

"Mercedes!" Jeanne huffed and shook her head. "Out of wedlock, my lady."

"Ah. So, it will indeed be a fiery match." Adrina chuckled. "Like small animals, bastards love to prove themselves to others. They seek the biggest, and most fearsome, challenge."

As if he heard them speaking about them, Francis jogged into the open field and raised his arms to the crowd. They cheered and chanted his name, and he appeared to revel in it. He threw his head back and let the wind tussle his luscious hair.

"Great, he is a showoff." Rudolph growled.

"You do not like him?" Jeanne asked. Those were dangerous words, as the massive behemoth turned his eyes to her.

"I am sure Rudolph simply--" Alexander began, only to be cut off by a scoff.

"A true knight is one who bloodied his steel in battle, whose armor is caked in gore and dirt and dented beyond repair. He is none of those things, my lady. He would die in a real battle, against a real knight."

"...well, that is rather unfair," Mercedes said. "He is my bodyguard."

"Rudolph is a man of violence," Saris whispered. "It is best to simply realize that, before someone gets hurt."

Alexander covered his face with his palm. He wished the day could simply end. Thankfully, Rudolph saw his discomfort, and cleared his throat. "Forgive me, my ladies. The heat makes me speak falsehood. I am sure he is a graceful fighter."

"Oh yes. The heat affects us all," Mercedes said. Jeanne scoffed and rested her head on Tariq's shoulder. The disaster was, for the most part, avoided.

"You know him! Your love him! Your daughters want to bed him! Francis Lilly, flawlessly victorious against all his opponents, now stands before Habbas ibn Habbas, the champion of the Ashlands! Both men of impeccable martial training, now facing off for the right to call themselves CHAMPION!" The announcer motioned for the trumpets to begin their call once more as the crowd roared in excitement.

"They really want blood," Adrina commented.

"That is all men want..." Saris whispered. "Blood, and violence."

"Is she always like this?" Mercedes whispered to Alexander. Her breath tantalized his skin and made him shudder.

"Mm... No. She is... coming to terms with something." Alexander pat Mercedes' hand. "Let's watch the fight."

Habbas ibn Habbas was a large man, dressed in thick lamellar. He wielded a massive maul and swung it with a fierceness that discredited his smaller frame. He laughed and riled the crowd with his savage, En'ish chanting. It did little to deter Francis, who put his helmet on and banged his sword to his shield, as he stalked his opponent.

Habbas was the first one to attack, letting forth a wicked battle cry and swinging his maul wildly. Francis dodged with ease, spinning to the side like a dancer and knocking the pommel of his blade into the easterner's helmet. It was met with an attempted jab of that maul's shaft, and countered by a shield back to the exposed right leg.

Habbas fell to the sand as the crowd roared in ecstasy. Francis gave a loud laugh and stepped away from the angry easterner to strut about. He pulled up the visor of his helmet and banged his sword and shield together to rile the crowd. It left his back exposed to the savage maul that came swinging at him.

But the Gall had expected that and rushed forward to let the attack miss him by a hair. With the mamluk now completely exposed, the knight would twist and drive the rim of his shield into his exposed face. Blood erupted from where the metal rim connected with dusky beard, and Habbas fell back on the sand. The crowd roared in approval of such tactics, and Francis lifted his sword to the sky.

And slammed it into the earth beside Habbas' head. The easterner raised one hand as if to beg for mercy. The Gall gave him a swift kick to the face, before stepping back and withdrawing his sword from the earth. The combatants were still, and the clamor of the crowd died down.

The mamluk rose slowly. Blood and sand covered his face as he used his maul to try and stand upright. He weakly raised his arm, and slumped on his own weapon, as two guards rushed forward with the announcer. A quick inspection later, and Francis' arm was raised.

"The winner is Sir Francis Lilly!"

"Hm... That was quick," Rudolph rumbled. He retrieved his poleaxe and jerked his head towards Alexander. "My king?"

"Of course... Huh." Alexander furrowed his brow and looked to Mercedes, who giggled.

"I told you, he is my bodyguard. He was made that for a reason." She winked. "I will see you when you get back?"

The king nodded, and headed down to the tournament grounds with his knight. He raised a hand in recognition to Francis, who had pulled up his visor. He licked his perfect white teeth, and turned his eyes to Rudolph.

"Still eyeing me?" Rudolph asked.

"Sir Francis Lilly," Alexander said and raised his hand to the crowd. "You have shown valor and honor in these fights. As promised, the reward of gold is yours." He kept his back straight as he addressed the knight, who never once lost his smile.

"Thank you, King Lukaric," Francis replied. "But I cannot accept your gold, because I have a request to make that coin cannot buy."

"...what do you request, Sir Lilly?" Alexander asked. He turned to look at Rudolph, who nodded his head silently.

"Single combat with your personal knight." Francis cocked his head to the side. "A fight to the death."

"To the death?!" Alexander said, loud enough for someone to hear in the crowd. And soon word spread, and the entire crowd was in an uproar. Most of the them were booing, jeering, while others clamored for such a display.

"I do not wish a man afraid to go all out! Yes, to the death!" Francis raised his hands to rile the crowd and gave his most perfect smile. "What say you?"

"Absolutely not!" Alexander proclaimed. "I will not--" He was silenced by the massive hand on his shoulder and the soft, familiar jostle. Rudolph's shadow enveloped him and even reached over Francis himself.

"I accept, my king." Rudolph nodded. "Worry not." The giant stood his poleaxe up, and put on his helmet. "I will not be long."

Alexander did not know what to do. He wanted to say no, to slap some sense into both men. This was madness! Insanity! Francis was going to get himself killed! But the king saw the need to fight in both men's eyes, and heard the crowd roar in approval. He knew half of them wanted to see blood, and the other half wanted to see their hated terror die in the sand.

"...very well. May you fight with honor." He raised his hand and the crowd cried with delight. He hurried back to his royal box and sat calmly in his chair, even as every pair of eyes present were upon him. Especially Saris'.

"Are you mad?" she asked and rose before anyone else could speak. "Have you completely lost your sense?"

"He wanted to do it," Alexander replied. "Now please, sit down. You are causing a scene, and I am still your king." Everyone was silent. Mercedes fidgeted with her dress, Jeanne squeezed Tariq's hand, and Adrina smiled as if delighted. Only Saris kept her eyes level with Alexander, her jaw tight as it often was when she was upset.

"...he is going to kill him," she said softly. "And it is going to be on your hands, just like everything else."

***

The crowd roared as the combatants strode to the center of the ring. Francis lowered his visor and banged his sword and shield together like before. Rudolph merely bounced his poleaxe between his hands and stretched. The trumpets sounded and the crowd's clamor died down.

"Do you know why I want to fight you?" Francis called out to Rudolph.

"No, but I have been itching to rip that smile off your pretty face," Rudolph replied with a shrug.

"You think I am pretty?" Francis asked. "So, the rumors are true. I am Francis Lilly, and I seek to fight only the strongest knights in all the middle kingdoms!"

"Marvelous," Rudolph appeared to tighten his breastplate and adjust his visor. "Best we hurry this up, then."

"I have bested Sir Rory of the Dales, Louis de Swine of Gallador, Grunbeld von Atloff of Haledine--so many knights of glorious namesake!" Francis bounced on his heels as he called out his accomplishments. "But you, the strongest and most brutal knight in all of Svetirat, they say!"

"Who says?" Rudolph asked and gripped his poleaxe in both hands.

"Soon I will add you among their names. I will prove that I, Francis Lilly, bastard son of Leon-Cest, am the greatest knight in the middle kingdoms! The strongest, the most skilled!"

"The most dead." Rudolph hefted his poleaxe once more and raised it above his head. The sharp blade of pommel gleamed in the sunlight, as it angled itself towards Francis. "You know I will break you."

"I want you to hold nothing back!" Francis said. "I cannot lose."

"We shall see," Rudolph said. "We shall see." He began to stalk the smaller knight, as the announcer ordered the trumpets to sound once more.

***

"Like everything else?" Alexander asked before the fight truly began. He rose from his chair and crossed his arms. "What is everything else, Saris?"

"The riots? When you released the same behemoth on an innocent crowd?"

"What?" Mercedes asked, her expression one of horror. Even Jeanne looked horrified.

"Oh, they never told you before coming here that the king's personal knight is a butcher? That he has slain hundreds of our own people?"

"You mean the people that attacked us? That threw things at us when we tried to placate them?" Alexander felt his chest heat up and his muscles grow tense. He did not want Mercedes to hear this, and he most certainly did want the sultan to hear. Thankfully, the roar and cheers of the crowd kept the conversation contained.

"They threw things at you! You! For being a..." Saris pulled back. It only fueled Alexander's shame and, for once, he did not mind hurting her with his words.

***

Francis charged Rudolph and leapt. He landed in front of the giant and rolled to the side as the sharp pommel attempted to jab him. He bounced up with amazing speed and attempted to drive his blade into the exposed gap between the breastplate and the fauld. He missed, and was sent flying by the long shaft of that poleaxe.
