 "Superb!" one of the emirs said in En'ish. "I have never seen such ferocity done for show!"

"It rivaled that of the coliseum," one of the noble women replied. "I felt my heart race!"

"To think it was all a show. I swore he cracked the boy's neck!" Rahman Khan said. "What a display!"

"Hard to believe something like that excited him," Saris whispered to Adrina, who was utterly full of herself and smiling. "Why are they still talking about it? It has been several hours..."

"The Empire learned that the best way to keep people happy is through violence. Why else do they put on blood sport in their coliseum?" Adrina brought her goblet to her lips and drank, before she offered it to Saris.

Not that she needed to offer it. Food and wine were plentiful in the closing feast of the festival. The banquet hall was flooded with noise and clamor, even with the two gardens and the outer courtyard being open for all guests. From the balconies, they could look down and see the city alight in celebration. As Rudolph promised, the gold reward for the championship was distributed to the poorest of Lukastan. The few guards who were selected to perform the task looked as shocked as Saris when she handed them the promissory notes, which the people could redeem at the banks around the city. They were also told to inform the commoners about the final show, to look to the skies just as the moon reached its highest point.

There was no doubt in her mind that Alexander did not plan for all of this to go so well. She knew him well enough to know the idea was too dangerous, and he was not financially smart enough to put everything in motion. Why would he need her, if that was the case? And yet he received the praise. Saris was baffled that so many people thought blood sport--a man eager to kill another man--as exciting! Even more baffled that the king was praised for putting on such a display, and using the most feared knight in the kingdom to see it brought to fruition.

"Why so dour, Saris?" Adrina asked when her goblet was not taken. "You are starting to look like Alexander when he thinks no one is looking."

"One of my best friends is dead, the other is near death and I fear for my son. I screamed at my king in front of the prospective queen. I subverted his rule and humiliated him," Saris replied. "I might have doomed this kingdom."

"That is very apocalyptic thinking, considering I see the Gall on the king's arm. And who heard you?" Adrina raised her goblet and waved it. "Myself, an emir's son who probably already knew it from his mouthy father and a handmaiden who right now is probably too busy swallowing the son's cock to tell anyone. Besides, after she is done, I think she will be quite forgetful."

Despite the crass language, Saris did appreciate the subversion of her guilt. She was scared when she said all those things, and only said them because she did not want Alexander to be seen as a tyrant again. She wanted to protect him, because she cared about it.

But she did not trust in his judgement. She did not trust his company or his hand-picked few. She failed as a friend, and perhaps something more, by trying to treat him like the same boy she spent her formative years with. She did this once before, when her husband was cold, and the king begged her forgiveness.

She knew him best, and yet she continued to disbelieve his motives.

"You are really quite depressing this evening, Saris." Adrina sighed and rolled her shoulders. "Grab a drink or put some food in your belly. The more you stare at the floor in silence the more eyes linger on you and the more words get crafted against your person."

"I am not hungry."

"It was not a request, darling." Adrina waved for a servant and took a goblet of wine from the platter. "Here. Now stop moping and drink. You need to brighten up for what I have planned."

"You still have not told me what it is," Saris said and took a sip of the wine. The sourness aided in calming her nerves. "You said it is from the Empire?"

"Yes. Aurelian showed it to me, and I have been fascinated since. It requires a bit of magic to engage, but the results are explosive."

"...is it something dangerous?" Saris asked.

"All the best things in life require a bit of danger, do they not?" Adrina plucked an offered fig cake from a passing servant and popped it into her mouth. She chewed delicately, before wiping the corner of her mouth with her thumb.

"Adri--" Saris finally said to break the silence.

"It is an Imperial siege tactic developed by Aurelian. It requires magic and extensive planning and placement," Adrina interrupted. "When I snap my fingers at specific intervals, a special substance sparks and fires up into the air. With a second snap, I can alter its chemical properties to change its color mid-explosion."

"Mid-explosion?!" Saris asked.

"The process is no different than igniting gases, as your druids of old used to do to clear forests. Aurelian's way is more efficient and controlled," Adrina stated. "Do you trust me?"

"Of course I do," Saris replied.

"Then trust me, and enjoy yourself." Adrina used her pinky to pick one her canines. "Damn figs always get caught in my teeth, even as a paste."

Saris turned her eyes away from her companion and back to the crowds. Everyone appeared to be having a great time, and the usual tensions all seemed to melt away. She even saw the sultan, standing his cockerel, enjoying a conversation with Nestor. Musicians played in the galleries above, while acrobats and performers had cleared spaced in the hall to commit to their acts. The more exciting troupes were in the city, where their flames and tricks would not harm or insult those of affluence. These ones were passable, performing stunts and feats that made the eyes wonder how it was so.

"Oh look, there is Farah," Adrina commented and waved her hand. 

The buxom, dusky woman approached the duo on the arm of a well-dressed man, and curtsied. Her veil fluttered as she spoke, and two fingers pinched the sagging chest of her silks and pulled them up. The sight of such immense breasts shaking drew the eyes of the man, who grinned through his thick beard like he was the luckiest person in the room.

"Lady Farah," Saris said and curtsied. "And you, sir."

"Saris. Adrina. This is my husband, Darius Bahrami." Farah smiled and the man drew his eyes from her breasts to clear his throat and incline his head.

"Bahrami? You married a Qalil-Shah?" Adrina asked.

"My grandfather was born in the Shahdom, yes, but moved to the Sultanate I am told," Darius said. "It is an honor, Shah Adrina. Lady Saris."

"An honor," Saris replied and curtsied a second time. "I hope you have enjoyed the festival since your arrival, Lord Bahrami."

"Darius, please." The man chuckled. "You Slavi have been most kind. And the performances! Even without the fantastic tournament I have never seen a city more alive! I was told this festival was a boring parade lasting but a day."

"King Lukaric decided that it was best to put on a grand show to both the goddess, to show our solidarity as a people." Saris forced a believable smile. "East and west, living in peace."

"A noble aspiration," Farah said. 

A delusion, Saris thought with a voice not her own. She imagined Amur lying cold in the streets somewhere, Irene clinging to life, and her son in constant peril. It frightened her, and she shook without realizing it, and wiped her eyes of the growing mist.

"King Lukaric is nothing if not noble," she said to alleviate suspicions. 

"He is full of surprises. He is unlike the man we heard about," Darius stated.

"Indeed," Adrina replied. She appeared to freeze for a moment, before smiling. "Forgive me, my friends, but there is a show to perform and I must get ready."

"You are an actor, Shah Adrina?" Farah asked.

"No, but I owe our noble host a favor." With a surprisingly formal bow, Adrina excused herself and left Saris with the couple. Much to an awkward silence.

"So, Farah tells me you are single, Lady Saris?" Darius said, only making the situation more awkward.

"Widowed," she replied and pursed her lips. "Not... really something I wish to speak of."

"I know a few eligible men in the Sultanate, should you ever tire of life here. A woman deserves a strong husband by her side."

"I must prefer doing things on my own," Saris lied. She would love to have a shoulder to lean on right now, and arm to grasp and someone to keep her company at night. "Thank you, but I see my king waving for me." She nearly fumbled with her curtsy as she tried to hurry away.

"The king is nearby?" She heard Darius ask Farah.

"Poor thing is just shy, dear." She heard Farah reply and rolled her eyes.

Saris finished her wine before she headed to the gardens. The warm night breeze comforted her, and carried with it the sweet smell of flowers and freshly trimmed shrubbery. A simple glace up allowed a view of the stars, twinkling beside a full moon. A beautiful moon.

When she was finally alone, sitting on a bench in the corner of the garden with an empty goblet of wine, she pulled her hair back. The bruised eye was healing fast, as Adrina promised. In a few days, she may not need to hide it anymore with her hair, replacing the black tresses with real makeup that did not show off the swelling.

"That would be nice," she said to no one and looked inside her wine goblet. She drained the last few slivers before she set the cup aside and rubbed her temples. She a whirlwind of emotion, of grief, shame, regret and self-pity. And she did not know what to do. She wanted to leave the city, return home, hold her son and kiss her friend--but she could not leave Alexander. Despite everything she said, everything she felt, she wanted to be near him. She wanted him.

She was pathetic and she covered her face with her palm.

"Lady Ancyzra?" a female voice asked. "Saris?" Mercedes smiled gently and curtsied. "What are you doing out here alone?"

"I could ask you the same question?" Saris replied. "Should you not be with the king, or your handmaiden?"

"Both are occupied. King Lukaric has to give a speech, and Jeanne went with that eastern boy." Mercedes pulled her gown behind her legs and sat down. "Even if I end up staying, I think she knows she will not be allowed to."

"Do handmaidens not follow their charge where they go?"

"We do, but she would need to go back and get my things." Mercedes giggled. "Though... I do not know if velvet and cotton would survive in this heat. Your dresses are far more appropriate."

"They are," Saris said with little interest. "But... they are all I have worn. I grew up in a county closer to the desert."

"What was it like growing up here?" Mercedes asked.

"I cannot say, for I knew nothing else," Saris replied. She looked up the moon and took in a deep breath, not caring that Mercedes saw her bruised features. "Hot? Dangerous? When I was a girl there used to be knights and ghazi killing each other beyond the border."

"Is the land as violent as you made it out to be, at the tourney?" Mercedes asked. Apparently, she had not forgotten those words. "Is Alexander?"

"...do you want the truth, or do you want me to lie, so you have more confidence in possibly being our queen?" Saris asked.

"If I wanted a lie, I would ask someone else." Mercedes stroked the tail of her ponytail with one hand as she kept her eyes level with Saris. "You were brutal in your words at the tourney. How could you lie to me after that?"

Saris frowned and cursed herself in her mind. But, what did she have to lose? Alexander being mad at her? He already was, no doubt. "As I mentioned, when I was a girl, knightly orders and ghazi brotherhoods slaughtered each other just earshot of my bedroom."

"Do they still do that now?" Mercedes asked.

"No," Saris replied. "In fact, after Alexander became king... the violence stopped." She paused at her own statement, confused by it. "When Alexander disbanded the knightly orders..."

"Alexander disbanded them?" Mercedes asked in a whisper. "Why?"

Saris cursed a second time. She did not mean to say that fact out loud. Though it did give her pause, and helped her put the pieces together. "The knightly orders were not virtuous. As a girl, I was also told never to go anywhere with a knight, lest I be forced upon. There were rumors they attacked pilgrims of both faiths, extorted them for all their belongings. And some they would sell into slavery... it was madness."

"Gods..." Mercedes whispered and made the sign of peace. "This is to be a holy kingdom."

"Yes," Saris admitted. "But... Alexander fixed that. He dissolved the knights not sworn to the crown after the reparations. He did it to protect us." Or did he plant the seeds of his own downfall?

"He is a good king. I knew he must have had a reason," Mercedes said. She continued to stroke her hair, as if nervous. "And... what about raising a child?"

"Raising a child?" Saris asked.

"If I became queen, I would need to produce an heir, no? Will it be safe, growing up here in such a dangerous place?"

"I grew up here. So did Alexander, and almost everyone you see in the city." Saris gave a somber smile. "And here we are, mostly normal."

"I suppose," Mercedes said with a giggle. "Do you have any children?"

"I do," Saris said. "One son. His name is Visarion."

"And his father?"

"...dead." Saris admitted after a long pause. "But you knew that, from my screaming earlier."

"Did... did the king really kill him? Do you know why he did?" Mercedes asked.

Saris blinked several times, and burst out laughing. She nearly fell off the bench as her sides began to hurt. She did not realize it, but she had started shedding tears. Mercedes looked confused and anxious, so Saris composed herself and wiped away the tears.

"Had you asked me that a few months ago, you would be among the hundreds who did so," she said with a soft giggle. "Yes. He did kill him. He drove his sword through his throat, or so I am told. As for why? Because my husband was a slaver, who sold innocent people like they were cattle."

To say it out loud lifted a huge weight off Saris' chest. She could not remember telling anyone the truth, at least not a random stranger. Everyone simply believed her the king's fool, his trophy--but to admit to a random stranger the truth of it all? It felt right. She started laughing again, and Mercedes fidgeted uncomfortably.

"Um... Lady Anyzra?" she asked.

"I am fine... I am just..." Saris shook her head. "I have had a very, very long and strange week. It helps to laugh at the absurdity of it all!"

"Um..." Mercedes scooted away. "I suppose..."

"My apologies," Saris said as she cleared her throat.

"It is fine. I have one final question for you, and I thank you for answering all of these inquiries for me."

"What is it?" Saris asked.

"Is Alexander a good man?" Mercedes asked.

Saris remained quiet and pondered the question. Was Alexander a good man? She had given an answer before, to the sultan, and before that she was ready to publicly denounce him for the death of her husband. But before that, before she even knew what motherhood was, she had a different answer. So, she gave it.

"Alexander is as good a man as he could be. He is... kind, in his own way, though it is hard to understand it at first. He is aloof and he is distant at the best of times. He attaches himself to things easily and hates to let them go even if they hurt him. He likes poetry, and has a fondness for the moon. I used to say he was smitten by it. That it was his true love..."

"You used to say?" Mercedes asked.

"...we were betrothed when were younger. I was going to be a princess, married to a prince. And then a queen, when they put the crown on his head. Our wedding was to be a week after that day, the day that golden headpiece was put on his beautiful head."

Mercedes said nothing. In fact, she seemed... pensive. Her eyes were downcast, but Saris knew she was still listening. Even if she did not want to.

So, she continued. "He has a temper when he is scared, because he thinks it will protect him. He did not want to be king, but he bears it as fairly as he can. He surrounds himself with friends and those he trusts, rather than surrounding himself with vipers. He..."

"He...?" Mercedes asked, on the edge of the bench.

"He is Lex," Saris said. "He is sweet, and he loves his people. If he is guilty of one thing, it is of being ill-prepared for this cruel and twisted world of monarchs and power at the edge of an endless desert."

The two women lapsed into silence, as a horn blew out from within the banquet hall. The few festive nobles who were in the garden started to file in, as did Saris and Mercedes shortly after. Though they lingered by the door, as the Gall grabbed the Slavi by the sleeve.

"Thank you," she said.

"For what?" Saris asked.

"The truth. I know what I need to do now." She curtsied and hurried back inside, just as everyone was escorted to the courtyard of the castle. A courtyard in which, the center, stood Adrina and Alexander, the latter of whom was grinning like a fool and raising his hand.

"Good people of the east, Slavi, Caliph, Shah--and guests from abroad," Alexander began. "I personally wish to thank you all, at this closing hour of festivities, for partaking in this wonderous week of unity and strength, beneath the Way of the Four Corners and the Covenant. I am sure Mother Layla and the goddess Ishtar, both look down on us with pride and joy that we, their shared children, forged bonds of fellowship that will stand the cruel hands of time.

"But I cannot take credit for this festival. Nor can I, with a light heart, admit that I am completely responsible for the enjoyments we have partaken in, and the friendships we have forged. For that, I raise my goblet to Lady Saris Ancyzra, whose brilliance and diligence--of custom and practice--saw this festival come to fruition. Without her, this week would have been a dark affair, and to that I proclaim what comes next is dedicated to her. Saris, step forward."

"Is he drunk?" Saris whispered as she worked her way through the crowd. She lingered behind the first line of people, before mustering the courage to stand before everyone, and be beckoned to the king's side.

"It is with great honor and humility, that I crown Saris Ancyzra, my friend and our light in the darkness of what may come. May what you are about to see be remembered in her name, for the good she had done and brought for all us; be we from the east or from the west." Alexander raised his goblet. "To Saris!"

"To Saris!" the crowd responded, and goblets were raised.

Saris herself felt like fainting, from embarrassment and over exposure. "What are you doing!?" she asked the king as quietly as she could. "Are you drunk?"

"We will talk later," he said and raised a hand to silence her. If people were not watching, she might just rip his ears off. "Shah Adrina, if you would be so kind."

Adrina smiled and turned her back to the crowd. "Look up to the sky and behold!" Her lips began to move wordlessly, and both her hands raised above her head. She waited for everyone to go silent, before the irises of her eyes began to glow.

With a snap of my fingers, Saris thought, and watched as those elegant digits snap. For a moment, nothing happened.

But then, a light. It was not a star, nor was it the moon. It was a glow--that erupted into a star of flame. It was louder than thunder and almost as bright as the sun. The warm red began to fade into green, and vanish into the darkness as if it were never there.

But then a second light came, followed by another explosion. This time the flames turned blue, and blossomed like a flower in the night sky. The crowd was in awe, women fainting from the beauty, and men dropping their jaws in disbelief. Saris herself simply stared in wonder, unable to understand what was happening.
