 Irene had never felt a stronger knot in her stomach, or a tightness in her throat, or the irritable fidget of her fingers. She was always strong, in control of her nerves. Now?

Alden stood with a scowl as Duke Visarion recounted the charges. His eyes moved to the gathered assembly, the mass of people who came to watch the commotion. They had dragged him from his service after all, in front of almost every Slavi in the duchy. He still wore his robes and shawl over his cassock.

"Have you anything to say in your defense, ecclesiarch?" The duke, though still youthful, rose and commanded his eyes. "Do you answer these charges?"

"Your grace, this... up jumped servant, no better than a commoner, speaks lies. Likely she had her desert crawling friends fabricate evidence against me. One of them could have broken into my office!"

"And do you have proof of that?" the duke asked. The silence gave him his answer. "Upon investigation, it was found someone was staying in those very offices in my absence, with no one else having knowledge of their visit."

"I did not know your grace needs to be informed of every detail in the duchy."

"Did you grow stupider in my absence?" The duke straightened his shoulders. All eyes, even Irene's, looked at him in bewilderment.

"What did you say, boy?"

"Your grace. I am your grace. Your. Grace." The duke stepped down from his dais and walked straight up to Alden, who took a step back and knocked against the two much more attentive guardsmen. "Remember that."

The entire court was in whispers. The duke they knew was a quiet and dour youth. This duke, using his face, was more like his father. He shouldered every burden, every slight, brought to his duchy. He stood straighter, and kept a blade at his hip-when as a boy he abhorred weapons,

It frightened Irene. She did know what to think, and neither did the council appointed to advise the duke in all matters.

"You—you insolent..." Alden grit his teeth.

"I trusted you, Alden," the duke said. "I trusted you. I looked up to your virtue. And you betrayed the kingdom. You betrayed the duchy. You betrayed me."

Silence. The duke returned to his dais and rolled his shoulders, before turning back to the court. Everyone stood in the edge of a blade, half in curiosity and half in fear.

"I..." Alden paused. He merely looked to the floor. "I refuse to be spoken to as... as such!"

"How should I speak to a traitor?" The duke raised a hand to Jovan, who went to interrupt the speech, and spoke again. "The records in your office, the weapons in the cathedral—a place of the gods—how do you justify this? How do you talk your way out of this? How do you hide your hatred for your own people?!"

"My people?" Alden asked, his voice rising. "My people?!" His hands tore at his robes and shawl. The fabric ripped on his hands until the tattered tunic beneath it all hung off his waist and revealed his chest. Muscles were visible beneath the skin lined with scars and burns. "My people died on the fields of Ubizek! They were slaughtered, by miserable desert dogs like the two scorpions who stand next to your throne!"

The court was in an uproar, the guards pushed back the crowds and horns blew over the clamor of people. People who, even in the same room, varied their opinions.

"This is about to erupt..." Amur whispered to David, who kept his palm on his sword.

"I have blocked all the entry points. My men will make sure no one gets in—and no one gets out." He looked to Irene and nodded. It gave her some comfort, and helped still her shaking hands.

"I have given everything-my body and now my soul-to this gods forsaken kingdom! And what is my reward? Celibacy? Vows? Revocation of my land and rights?" One of the guards slammed their spears into his knees and forced him to the ground. That did not stop his words. "What am I guilty of? Am I guilt for desiring justice?'

"Cease!" The duke yelled over the clamor. "Cease!" He made a gesture and a loud crack was heard throughout the room. Everyone looked on in horror as Alden sprawled on the floor, and spat blood.

Irene did not know what was happening. She wanted to hate Alden, to truly despise him, but the duke was firm, decisive-and violent. It harrowed her, and she regretted ever opening her mouth. This was madness.

"Tyrant... Just like the man who put me here. The man who's probably fucking your mother over the corpse of your fath-!" Another crack from the butt of a spear, and Alden went to the earth.

"You have brought suffering to my people," the duke said calmly. "You have sown seeds of discourse. You have sought to put thousands of lives at risk, for petty revenge." The duke looked to his shocked council, and straightened his tunic. "My lords, what do you suggest I do with this traitor? What punishment is fitting?"

The four men were quiet. They looked to each other, surprised they were even being asked to speak. It was Mansur who cleared his throat and stepped forward. "Your grace, I believe you have made your point. The ecclesiarch has sought to harm my own people-besmirch my own faith. But I will not let him believe my kind to be as he believes us. I ask you imprison him, until a later date when more appropriate punishment can be met."

"From a cell, he can still breed insurrection. Alive, he leaves the entire duchy on edge." Jovan shook his head. For once, Irene agreed with him.

"You traitor..." Alden spat blood onto the floor and growled to Jovan. "We died for you! The Knights of Druzhina gave their lives so you could sit comfortably behind your walls! And what did we receive? Shackles and dissolution!"

"Enough!" the duke yelled. "Bind his traitorous tongue." The guards did as commanded, and a piece of cloth was stuffed into Alden's snarling maw.

Irene was ready to faint. It was too much. Her head was spinning, and thankfully David was able to catch her. She clung to him and visibly shook. The hate, the cruelty, it was too much for her to bear.

It was what Alden wanted. Even now, Irene could see the courtiers, those further back, whose blood ran on the fields of Ubizek. Slavi, who in their heart, knew Alden's words to be true. He justified their hate. He was their martyr, and they prayed for the duke to prove his words. She even saw some of them mouth prayers of absolution.

"Visarion!" Irene cried out without thinking. "M-My duke, your grace, listen to me."

"I do not think a handmaiden should-" Jovan was silenced by a raised hand. The duke nodded his head at Irene, and gave her permission to speak.

"Whether you kill him or imprison him, it will not solve anything. He is not the true spark that will start the flame." She pointed at him. "Look at him. He is broken. He is defeated. All we need now is the name of who planned this with him. Who was this stranger he kept, and orchestrated this catastrophe to be?"

"And you suggest I let him go free for such information?" The duke was following along, but kept his voice dangerously quiet.

"Banish him," Amur said, much to everyone's surprise. "If he gives up the names of those responsible, those who seek to destroy our peace, then we will send him away."

"Are you mad? He will return and cause more trouble!" Jovan scoffed. For all his faults, the man seemed adamant in his belief of justice. "Where could we even send him?"

"We will find a place," Amur said. "But Lady Kozel is correct, we must know who these other conspirators are, or we will simply repeat this cycle."

The duke paused and nodded his head, before he returned his gaze to the snarling, gagged ecclesiarch. "Alden Kazimir, you will be banished, sent away from here, to live out your days until you join the Great Wolf. On the condition you tell us who you planned this with. All of them."

The ecclesiarch was quiet and looked to the floor, before he snarled and looked back up to the duke. He nodded, and the gag was removed. "I will be banished if I confess, and give out their name?"

"All of their names." The duke nodded his head. "Now speak, and end this."

"...very well." The ecclesiarch tried to rise, only to stumble. They had beaten him too hard. His jaw clenched tight and he fought back a single tear. Whatever he was about to say, it pained him. "Her name is-"

The doors to the throne room burst open and a guardsman collapsed. The courtiers backed away, and the man was lifted by the other guardsmen. He was sweating, his face bloody, and his voice hoarse.

"Fire! Mor Ibrahim is burning!"

"What!?" The duke's eyes went wide. All strength and power left him, the youth of his true age finally showing past his violent facade. "The cathedral?"

"What?" Alden collapsed to his knees. He looked just as shocked as the rest of them. "Wha--how?" He turned to the gathered lords as the courtiers panicked around them.

"Impossible!" Amur cried and ran to the window. "The bazaar burns too! Half the city is in flames!"

"Get the guards moving! Douse the fires, save the people!" The duke removed his cloak and tossed it to the floor. "Bind this traitor and fetch me a horse!"

"Your grace, you have done enough. Stay here, it is too dangerous to go outside!" David pulled the overeager duke back and sat him down. "Stay!"

"My people need me!" the boy cried.

"We will handle it, by your will." Jovan nodded his head. "Everyone out of the hall! Get to safety, and do not leave this keep! We will handle this catastrophe"

Outside the window, the cries of the citizenry could be heard. The sounds of shattering glass, of the cathedral bells ringing as if to warn others of their impending demise-and worst of all were the cries of unrest, and the sound of angry voices coupled with the clash of steel.

"There are so many out there!" One of the guardsmen said, dragging a wounded man into the keep as the ducal entourage hurried out of the hall and into the courtyard. "My grace, the easterners and the Slavi are fighting in the streets!"

"Get every available man and quell the fighting by any means necessary! If they do not submit, force them. If they struggle-" the duke paused and clenched his fist, "-kill them. Anyone who poses a threat to the citizenry."

"Your will be done, your grace."

"My liege are you sure-" Jovan began to ask, but was cut off by David.

"There is no other option," the marshal said and shook his head. "I understand your orders, Duke Visarion. Stay here."

"We should get the Imam out of the city. If he dies, the easterners will be without a leader-and the Caliphs will go to war," Amur said.

"They are probably the ones who planned this!" Mansur shook his head. "This is madness!"

But Irene went deaf. She looked to the men, each one trying to decide how best-and fast-they could contain the situation. But the mention of the imam made her heart stop, and her throat let forth a wild scream. She had forgotten her fear, replaced by terror.

"A'saddam! She is going after him!"

"Who?" David asked.

But Amur answered him. "The imam. Give me a horse, and I will retrieve him!"

"You are mad!" Jovan proclaimed.

"I am trusted by the easterners. They will not attack me as they would a Slavi," Amur removed his tunic and revealed a thin set of leathers underneath. Mansur tossed him a scimitar, the same one that the chancellor had worn at his hip.

"I will go with you," Irene said. "I have to be with A'saddam."

"Absolutely not! Lady Kozel, you stay in the keep-" Jovan interceded and received a slap.

"That man is my fiancé! I will not risk his life to play damsel!" She regretted those words, as she ran with Amur to the courtyard and mounted a horse. Her mind told her to stay, to be a proper lady and survive the fear that gripped her heart. But that same heartbeat for the man whom now stood in the maws of hell. She had to do something, for him.

Amur kicked the steed into a gallop as Irene wrapped her arms around his stomach and held on tight. They raced through the chaotic streets and sped past sights of gruesome horror, of a city at war with itself.

The guards tried to subdue mobs of Slavi armed with clubs and blunt objects, while others were dragged from their homes and beaten in the streets a few feet away. The sound of violence and chaos echoed in the sky and horns blew out in the distance, coupled by easterners chanting and howling as they waved their curved blades. They rode past several Slavi, who kicked the severed head of one their own from his corpse and cheered. Death to the traitors! Death to the traitors! No side was blameless in this revolt, and no side would ever forget it.

The rooftops of buildings blazed with man-made fires, and cowled easterners gave a war cry and threw rocks at the charging nobles. Some had even tucked rags into bottles of strong alcohol, and began throwing them down onto the streets-and each other. A Slavi man, fleeing for his life, was set alight by such a weapon and fell to the pavement only to be run through with a spear. It was madness.

"Focus on A'saddam!" Amur swung his sword as a crazed man charged them. His blood sprayed back onto Irene and stained her noble gown. She did not feel it, too terrified to even speak.

The bazaar had been ransacked. The stalls had been kicked over by thrown corpses and the silk awnings were torn from where bodies had ripped through and splattered onto the paved streets. Fires blazed freely, and consumed anything it could touch. It did not deter Amur in the slightest, as he pushed his steed forward through the carnage.

"To the right!" Irene cried.

"I know where to go!" Amur replied and pulled his horse to a vicious stop as a beheaded corpse fell from a nearby roof. The easterners above raised their blades high and cried out to their gods in triumph. Irene had never felt more fear.

Amur hopped off the steed and helped Irene do the same, before he handed her a dagger. "If anything happens, scream. I will be close by."

"They cannot distinguish friend from foe. They are going to kill us!"

"Not if I am here." Amur gripped his blade with both hands. Irene saw her reflection in it; a look of pure terror.

The pair hurried into the suburbs and found more corpses, many of them Slavi. From the shadows Irene saw easterners who recognized them, who raised their weapons high and came out of hiding.

"She went after the imam! We dared not follow her!" One man shook in fear. The sword he held was bloody.

"Why not?" Amur asked.

"He told us to stay back. She wanted only him." The man's hand shook as he dropped his blade. "I... I have never killed a man before, noble master. I am so frightened... His eyes were very empty..."

"Go, hide with the others. I will help the imam." Amur jerked his head to Irene, and they ran as fast as they could to A'saddam's home.

A home which burned bright and cast a large shadow over the two combatants.

A'saddam was clutching his arm and holding a scimitar, as Sa'yidda huddled in a corner nearby and cradled a corpse. She was wailing, and Irene wanted to wail with her as she recognized the body of Karim, whose killer now viciously stalked her prey with a bloody blade.

Amur charged the cowled slaughterer, whose shield rose to block the blade as she turned to notice it. It gave A'saddam the opportunity to swing his own blade, and send her stumbling back. Parts of her chainmail broke away, revealing darker leather beneath.

Irene rushed to Sa'yidda and tried to hold her. She squeezed the thrashing girl, whispered whatever comfort she could, and turned back to the two men fighting back a living monster.

"Delightful! I get to kill the little activist-" The monster said behind her cowl and dodged A'saddam's strike, before she rammed her shoulder into Amur. "-and Saris' lapdog."

The monster's technique was unpredictable, and unlike anything Irene had ever seen before. She did not fight with finesse or tactic, rather a brutal, vicious slashing of swords. She was barely trained-and yet she was better than both the other combatants.

"Irene, run!" A'saddam called out. "Get Sa'yidda out of here!"

"I won't leave you!" she called and tried to steady the frantic easterner at her breast.

"Anu ni'at!" Amur called out in his native tongue and dodged a sword strike, only to be slammed by the rim of a shield. He fell back, and the cowled slaughterer kicked him to the earth.

"One down, half another to go." She turned her blackened cowl to A'saddam, who rushed her and swung. He missed, and received a sharp jab of her pommel into his side. And then another to his knee as the rim of that kite shield slammed him into the earth.

Irene watched in terror as her lover was brutalized, pommel and shield slamming down onto his handsome face. She was filled with terror, afraid for her life, but could not continue to watch as blood and teeth splattered around the sand. She needed to act. 

She tackled the cowled fiend and wrestled her to the ground. She tried to stab her, only to have her arm pinned by the kite shield-and snapped. The pain was indescribable as she fell onto her back and clutched her elbow. She threw up, and cried into her own vomit. She received a kick in the face, and felt a searing pain in her shoulder, as her enemy loomed above her.

A mess of saffron hair fluttered with the roar of the fire as the cowl slipped off her face, with a sharp nose and a sharper chin, coupled with high cheekbones. A sadistic smile revealed perfect white teeth that hissed like a serpent before the kill. "Broken and alone, a fitting end for a traitor." She pulled her cowl back up and lifted her freshly blooded blade.

"Irene!" Amur cried. His blade tore into the leather shoulder just above the shield of the cowled woman, and drew forth a feminine cry, followed by a strong swing of her sword.

Amur fell to the earth as blood pooled beneath him. The cowled woman dropped her blade and cradled her wounded shoulder as she ran off and disappeared into the carnage of the rioting city, as if she were one with the chaos.

Irene did not know what happened next, as the immense pain brought forth a darkness that consumed her sight.

***

The city stank of gore and ash, and the wails of those who survived carried through the air. The cathedral stood as a burnt husk, and the temple had been ransacked of all its tapestries and fine cloths. Hundred littered the streets and thousands were wounded. Hell had borne its wrath on Baltmirzan, and the fiends who called it home cackled in fiery delight.

"Alden escaped," Jovan said, and covered his face with his palm. The entire council had retreated to the throne room, and barred the doors. "Some of the guards had been in on the plan. They let more of the villagers in and helped him escape in the confusion while we tried to control the situation. We will search the city, but I believe he has fled into the desert."

"May he rot and die there..." Mansur whispered and wiped his wet eyes. "So much death. So much pain. And for what?"

No one had the answer. Irene could not speak, her entire body in a stupor and her eyes half-closed. They had found her among the carnage and brought her back to the keep. The doctors and physicians did their best with her arm. She could not feel or move it, and every so often she felt herself lapse into darkness, only awoken by her own pain.

"We need to send word to Lukastan. The king needs to know what happened, and perhaps we can petition for aid." David shook his head as his eyes drifted out the nearby window.

"They will give it. The moment Saris hears about this she will be devastated. Rebuilding does not worry me... It is the scars that will remain," Jovan said. "It is madness..."

"I should have done more," the duke said. He had thrown his ducal band across the room and kept his face in his palms. "I should have... I am a failure."

"Your grace-" Mansur shook his head. "Visarion, it is not your fault. No one could have foreseen this. You did all that you could. We all did."
