 Mor Sophia always inspired a sense of wonder in Alexander. Whether it was the sheer craftsmanship of the immense dome or the breadth of its interior, which spanned four small chapels in size. It was one of the greatest cathedrals in the known world, only rivaled by Mor Vladimir in Velinia.

It was believed King Visarion the Holy built it as a symbol of the faith's dominance. Now it was a symbol of defiance against the native easterners, and a symbol of utter terror for those who not adhere to the Covenant. Even the interior, decorated with immense splendor, was designed to inspire fear in the infidel and the heretic. The gods stared down at all who entered from their icons on the dome, surrounding the symbol of the Great Wolf.

The priests and caretakers bowed their heads reverently as Alexander made his way to Malmir's office behind the altar. The Patriarch looked surprised, but welcomed the king as one did their own flesh and blood.

And he listened, just as a father would, to the problems of his child.

"You understand she rejected you, correct?" Malmir asked and adjusted his cassock.

"Then why do I feel guilt for doing it?" Alexander replied. "There is a knot in my stomach."

"You said it happened right after dinner?" Malmir asked, before coughing viciously into his hand.

"Are you alright?" Alexander asked.

"I am fine. A bad cold," Malmir replied and took up his handkerchief. "Ahem. Right after dinner?"

"A few minutes after. She still tasted like it when we kissed." Alexander felt color come to his cheek, as if embarrassed to admit it.

"Physical exertion can cause cramps shortly after eating." Malmir chuckled.

"If you make a joke about Mercedes and meat, I will be cross." Rudolph had already made the joke, and it embarrassed Alexander that the knight had heard them from beyond the door.

"Took the words straight from my mouth." Malmir dusted his sleeve. "But in seriousness, you have always been like this. Even when animals die you have strong attachments-but that is a good thing. You are a caring man."

"But I feel... guilty. I feel as if I betrayed my heart."

"Alexander," Malmir said and drew the attention back to him. "You did not betray your heart. Do you love Mercedes?"

"I do not know. I enjoy my time with her. She is young but... she brightens my day." Just like Saris once did.

"Do you love Saris?"

Alexander had no response. He merely shrugged and rolled his jaw. The silence grew between the two men, and the patriarch broke it with a clear of his throat.

"You always get this way after sex. Ever since you first started," Malmir said.

"Maybe I find it sinful?"

"Psh." Malmir waved his hand as if to chase away the words.

"For a priest, you are quite comfortable with premarital sex."

"Because you are the one telling me. If it were anyone else, I would ask them to abstain, perhaps even go celibate for a time. But you deserve happiness, whenever it shows itself." Malmir nodded his head and put his hand on the king's shoulder.

"That is quite the arbitrary stance for a priest."

"It is. But you are special, Alexander." Malmir offered a smile. "You are a good boy-a good man-though you let your own fear hound every step you take."

Alexander pursed his lips. "My father was a good man. He was special. So was Milorad."

"You father worked with the hands the gods had given him. And Milorad..." The patriarch trailed off his words. "You are not Milorad. You never will be, because you are Alexander."

"And what is Alexander?"

"Whatever you want him to be. He can be a tyrant, he can be a true knight of the people-or he can be a man, shouldering a heavy burden and doing so with the tools he has been given." Malmir nodded his head. "Whatever he is, I will be there to guide him. We all will, even if he stumbles. Just as we promised him the day we put the crown on his head."

Alexander accepted that, though he did not understand. He still felt guilt, but a private confession to Malmir was all that he could do. He made the sign of peace, and left Mor Sophia. Rudolph stood in the shadows of the impressive awning, and followed without a single word being uttered.

"Feel better?" he asked when they had walked a small distance away.

"Somewhat. Malmir's presence is always comforting." Alexander waved to a nearby troupe of performers, who began to sing his praises. Just as they were paid to do. The assassination attempt on Adrina had come and gone as fast as it had happened.

"He is an old man. It comes with the higher chance of death," Rudolph said and adjusted his helmet.

"Do you always need to be so grim?" Alexander asked and changed the subject. "Have you gone to the tourney grounds?"

"Once or twice when you and Mercedes are busy making eyes at each other," Rudolph said. "Or you are supplanting her dinner with-"

"Enough!" Alexander raised his hand. "Gods, your jests are painful."

"I try," Rudolph rumbled behind his visor. "The tourney is going well. In fact, there is a special contender who I am surprised to see."

"Who?" Alexander raised an eyebrow. "Someone I know?"

"I would hope so," Rudolph said. "Dragos is jousting."

"Dragos is here?" Alexander stopped and turned on the knight. "How long?"

"Since yesterday. I saw him ride in, but he avoided the keep. I do not think he wanted to be treated differently with you being his uncle. He is not even using his real name for the joust."

Alexander felt his heart leap. His guilt remained, but it had subsided to his filial love. He hurried to the tourney grounds and to the city of tents that had sprouted up for all the contenders. The revenue alone from the event was staggering. If Saris' reports were accurate, the tourney paid for itself from competition fees alone.

He knew his nephew the moment he laid eyes on him. A fake name did little to deter the king, as he walked up to the seated knight who polished his own blade with a whetstone. It felt like only yesterday he had knighted the boy, shortly before he used the same sword to make Saris a widow.

But in the presence of his nephew, Alexander did not feel shame. Not once. "How goes, Sir Knight?"

"It goes-" The knight paused and pursed his lips. "My king." He set his blade to the side and knelt immediately. "Please do not say a word."

"Dragos-"

"I am Janus Hawksbrow for this," the knight said quickly. "Please do not call me Dragos while others can hear."

"Janus Hawksbrow," Alexander said with a smile. "You may rise. And you have the king's permission to embrace him."

"In front of everyone?" The knight looked around before he embraced the king. He was warm, even with the cold armor against the lavish doublet. "I am sorry I did not inform you."

"Rudolph told me you did not wish to appear favored?" Alexander asked.

"You told him?" Dragos rolled his shoulders and combed back his black hair. A gift from his father. "Do you tell him everything?"

"Do you ask inane questions?" Rudolph chuckled and clasped arms with the boy. It was amazing how close in height they were, though Dragos wore armor that made him appear larger. A skinny frame was something he inherited from his mother.

"Sir Hawksbrow," Alexander said and drew their eyes back to him. "I am still glad to see you."

"Be glad when I win the joust! My list is tomorrow, early in the morning. I intend to claim the grand prize, my king."

"I am sure you will." Alexander gave a grin. His nephew returned it, the same way Milorad would. "Would Sir Hawksbrow at least come to the feast at the keep for the festival's end?"

"You know he cannot," Dragos replied. "I am sorry, my king. As much as I would love to, I have to be the knight I was born to be."

You could have been so much more, Alexander thought. You could have been king, if you were old enough at the time. He gave a perfect smile, and clapped his nephew on the shoulder. "You will do great."

"I count on it, my king." Dragos heard a whistle, and saw a few lesser knights beckon him. "You should go, before people realize who I am."

"Of course," Alexander said. He cleared his throat as the knight started to walk away. "Sir Hawksbrow?"

"My king?"

"I love you. Make your mother, and father, proud." Alexander said and watched the knight turn away with a red face.

"Likewise, Uncle. And I will." He hurried away as fast he could, and looked every bit as graceful as Milorad was. He was the same age as Alexander remembered his elder. The same age before...

"King Lukaric!" A voice rang out. It was none other than Francis, rather sweaty and disheveled in his gleaming armor. His eyes were wild with the rush of battle, and they naturally drifted to Rudolph. "What brings you to the tourney?"

"It is my kingdom. I can go where I please?" The king chuckled. "Should you not be keeping watch over Mercedes?"

"She says her stomach hurts her from your dinner last night." The knight gave a knowing grin. "Your cooks should be flogged."

"I do not think it was of fault to the cooks." He was the one who supplied the main course. He distracted himself with another question. "What are you doing here, then?"

"I am competing in the melee. I am an expert duelist, and seek to prove myself against only the strongest of combatants." Francis turned his eyes back to Rudolph. "The bigger, bulkier-the better the fight."

Rudolph did not rise to the bait. Instead, the towering bodyguard adjusted his visor and gave a low growl. Alexander was thankful. He did not need to tarnish his reputation with the people further.

"I am sure you are doing well."

"Second in the list. The final match will be against some Mamluk. All the same, really. Speed and form, but not power." The handsome knight flipped his hair. "Is it true the reward for winning is a sum of gold?"

"And a special pennate to adorn their armor," Alexander replied.

"What if I wanted something personal?" Francis turned his eyes back to Rudolph. "May I request something, instead of gold?"

"What more could you want?" Alexander felt a bit uneasy, especially as Rudolph's shadow loomed.

"Nothing from you, your grace. Except permission." Francis licked his lips and toyed with the pommel of his blade.

"It would be easier to give if I knew what you would want?" Alexander replied.

"When I win, I will ask it. I promise, it will be trivial," Francis said and bowed. "Now excuse me. I am going to grab a drink and check on my lady. Gods' blessing." He departed with a bounce in his whimsical steps.

"We should go, Rudolph. The luncheon is about to start," Alexander said.

"I think I know what he will ask for," the tense knight said and ignored the second half of his king's comment. "If he does, I accept."

"Alright?" Alexander shook his head and motioned for the knight to follow. It was not necessary, but people were watching them. Everyone was watching them.

With how peaceful the streets were, one would not even think the city had a small riot. People went about their day in indifference, distracted by the lavish festivities offered by the crown. It was a welcome peace, though it brought a strange sense of dread. What would become of the city once the festivities were over, and the cracks in his rule began to bleed once more?

Alexander did his best not to think about it. He distracted himself by the crowds that had gathered to watch one of the most expensive troupes; The Boar Belly Brawlers. They were hosting a wrestling match where two large and hairy Green Islander men threw each other in a mock ring while the crowd goaded them on. Not something the king expected to see behind the inner wall, thankfully.

"Drink against th' bottomless MacArthur!" the troupe leader called out from beyond the crowd. "Drink 'im under the table, and win fifty silver coins!" MacArthur was a swollen mass of flesh, nearly Rudolph's size with a belly twice that. His beard was thick and glossy, and his fat hands lifted to the sky in fists. He howled out as another poor soul was dragged away from the makeshift table.

"Excessive drinking is a vice," Rudolph mused as he lumbered behind the king.

"So is sex. That does not stop anyone." Alexander waved to a nearby guard, who saluted him.

"Indeed." It could not be seen, but Alexander imagined the behemoth was smiling behind his visor.

The banquet hall of the keep was crowded with notable guests, all of whom dined on the fine meal prepared by his cooks. The windows had been cleaned and cast the hall in perfect light, while colorful silks hung from the roof and cast their color down with the light. It was pure extravagance. No one wanted for any luxury, though some of the guests had taken strong liberties with his servants. He had received over a dozen complaints from the women in his service and tried his best to keep them happy while not giving offense to his guests. He was grateful Saris worked as the peacekeeper, and appeared in control of everything.

Even now, Alexander watched her laugh and speak En'ish to one of the many Caliph lords. The revealing silks she had worn for the past few days were replaced with her more traditional silks; less revealing and more modest-and hid the bruises. She kept her hair over one side of her face to hide a blackened eye, as well as plenty of makeup.

Despite her attack, she remained jovial, as if nothing had occurred. All because she wanted to help him, as his friend. That is what she said.

The guilt Alexander tried to suppress returned to tighten the knot in his stomach. He attempted to escape the public eye unseen, to feign sickness and depart from eating, but only managed to bump into a man he prayed he would not have to interact with.

"King Lukaric," Emir Rahman Khan said as he finished his caramel pastry. His smile brought forth memories best forgotten, of a time when the heat bore through the fabric of that tent and that insidious tongue twisted words and fabricated claims.

For a moment, Alexander felt as if he were a boy again. He remembered the way the man moved, like a serpent, and whispered in his new master's ear. He had not aged a day, utterly immaculate like the fiend he was.

Alexander cleared his throat and stood straighter. He prayed his voice did not shake. "Emir Khan. How are you enjoying your stay?"

"My wives say the beds are dangerously soft. One cannot even leave it due to comfort. Not that she serves much purpose standing for me." The emir kept his thumb hooked through his belt as his other hand wiped the corners of his mouth. "I am surprised."

"We are not an unwelcoming people."

"Of course. That is why your guests are attacked inside your very walls?" the emir asked.

"No one was killed," Alexander replied. "The wounded were recompensed."

"And your steward, who is over there bruised and beaten like a whore disobedient to the man who bought her?"

"Mind your tongue," Rudolph said and lifted his poleaxe. "You are a guest here, Caliph."

"Your hound speaks?" The emir chuckled. "Heel, you miserable-"

"Rahman!" Saris said with a polite word and slipped her arm through Alexander's own. It made his heart stop, not knowing whether to beat faster in fear or joy. "I see you both are getting along well. Surely neither of you wishes to sour the mood? We are all friends!"

"So you say..." the emir said. His confrontation had been smothered, before the embers of such set the very air aflame. "Yet I have not had a chance to air my grievance with his majesty for the lack of security in this city."

"Your excellency, such things are out of our control!" Saris kept her smile and squeezed herself tighter on Alexander's arm. "And it was merely a strike of lightning. Unpredictable, but gone as quick as it came."

"So you say," the emir replied. "I am merely-"

"I cannot help but ask, your excellency, if you have you been attacked?" Saris furrowed her brows and let Alexander go. She was perfectly poised, despite the bruises on the bits of exposed skin. "Did they run you through and call you slurs?"

"No. But-"

"Did you get dragged away and beaten?"

"That is not-"

"Yet her benevolence, the lovely Shah Adrina, has not complained once for the attack. In fact, she apologized for the disruption, and absconded blame of his lordship. She even aided me, for being caught in the middle of it all." Saris inclined her head to Alexander. "Surely, Emir Rahman Khan, if a Shah can move past the fear, one such as yourself can as well? You are missing out on so many wonderful things by being afraid of shadows. How would your sultan feel to know this about you?"

That did it. The emir looked furious. His jaw was tight, his lips pursed, and his hand twisted the thickness of his beard. He said nothing for a long while, as all eyes settled on him. Even Shah Adrina, who leaned on a nearby wall, watched with a devilish smile.

"My... apologies. Perhaps I am letting my own misgivings show." The emir bowed. "We are all friends."

"Each and every one of us," Saris replied with a curtsy. "Your wife is sampling some of our Imperial desserts. Surely you would not leave her unattended?"

"...yes. You are right. Friend." The emir stormed past the Slavi and away from the public eye. Not that it stopped the murmurs from those who remained and continued to indulge.

It was a moment of silent victory for Alexander, who felt his legs almost buckle from the tension. His eyes turned to Saris, and his voice was akin to a whisper.

"Why did you do that?" he asked.

"Because we are all friends here!" Saris smiled, despite the obvious pain in her eyes. "No one should ever feel uncomfortable. Not at all!" She moved away from Alexander and back to Adrina, who offered her the glass of wine she had been nursing. 

Alexander watched his steward take several large gulps, before she beckoned a servant to refill it. His heart continued to race. He could not take his eyes off her. She was still graceful, poised-the confrontation had not hindered her in the slightest.

"She might just make an enemy," Rudolph said. "Rahman Khan is Abu Khalil's personal cockerel."

"Do you think so?" Alexander asked.

"You know her better than I." Rudolph removed his helmet and cracked his neck. "Permission to leave, your grace? My presence here will upset and dismay."

"Of course. I should be fine here." Alexander watched his knight depart, before he smoothed his doublet, adjusted his crown, and joined his guests. 

Tried to join, that is. Very few of the men would speak to him beyond pleasantries, and many of the women were too false with him. He did not say anything funny, but one woman laughed as if she wanted to split open her sides. Another touched his doublet and tried to undo the laces to pinch at the pearls that served as buttons, while her husband cursed in En'ish. Alexander was confused, and quickly stepped away to seclude himself from the guests.

"King Lukaric!" a man's voice said, followed by a clap on the king's back. It made him jump, but the anxiety was chased away when he recognized the face, framed by a thick black beard and weathered eyes that matched his offspring's.

"Gazug! You should have warned me before that." The king clasped the man's arm and bowed. The man deserved respect, being nearly a decade his senior. "I am sorry I did not get a chance to see you earlier in the week."

"My son filled that spot, did he not? And was rewarded. He could not stop talking about the most beautiful girl he had ever met." The emir adjusted his tunic and loosened the sash that hugged his chest diagonally. He lacked the usual turban, his hair combed and oiled back. "A girl from the Middle Kingdoms?"

"The handmaiden of my..." Lover? Special friend? Alexander looked over to Saris, who remained ever the delight to those she spoke to. "Special guest. From Gallador."

"Oh? That princess my son said you were spending time with? Mercy...?"
