 Rudolph adjusted his breastplate as the gulls, who sailed upon the warm breeze, called for him outside. He peered out the window, to where a small group of his knights were helping load the Gallic ship. He watched his looming soldiers shoulder trunks with ease, all ordered around by the king's former flame.

"It is a shame I will not be staying," Francis said as he rose naked from the bed. He wrapped the blankets around his body and blew a few locks of hair from his face. "It did not work out, I was told."

"No, it did not." Rudolph turned to the man, and rolled his shoulders. "Are you saddened?"

"Nay, but I will miss you." Francis let the blankets drop around him as he held the knight. "You are wonderful, in so many ways."

"Mm..." Rudolph said and tried to pry the handsome man off him. "Get off me."

"You were not saying that moments ago, when you were allowed to take your prize." Francis growled and bore teeth. "To the victor goes the spoils."

In truth, Rudolph was pleasantly surprised. After his show, he had taken the young knight to the infirmary. He was going to leave him there, when the boy grasped him and looked at him with lustful, smitten eyes. How could such an opportunity be denied, when it only came every few years--if even that?

So, when he was informed by Alexander that he would help Mercedes pack her things and leave, Rudolph knew he had to take the opportunity. Thankfully, Francis knew to bite the pillows. It was an enjoyable experience, aided by the fact he had beaten this boy in combat. A savage, primal dominance that made his body stir.

"Thank you for playing along," Rudolph said.

"For the sex or...?" Francis grinned. "Well, I honestly thought you were going to kill me like I requested. But when I heard your statement, the passion in which you spoke--how could I ruin your facade?"

"Still, thank you." Rudolph rolled his shoulders once more. "Get dressed, before people suspect something."

"You worry about getting found out? You should come to Gallador. An unspoken rule between men of similar interests. We wear special pennants on our belts." The younger man turned to find his tunic and trousers, having already stripped from his armor when they were patching him up. His side still sported a piece of cloth where Rudolph had stabbed him, as well as several bruises across his face and body.

"I still cannot believe you were up for it after being so badly thrashed," Rudolph said. "Did it not hurt?"

"The pain makes it better, my conqueror," Francis said, wiggling his backside purposely as he slipped on his trousers. "It makes me feel alive! And you being born with a lance? Even better."

"Right." Rudolph growled. He let Francis go first, while he watched everything from the window for a little bit longer. It felt good, to wash the pleasure away with a warm sea-side breeze.

When he finally did he step outside, and put on his helmet, the men were almost done loading up the ship. Mercedes and her handmaiden were at the wharf and talked among themselves. They curtsied when Rudolph approached and bowed his head.

"Fare you well, Lady Faelilly. May your journey be safe."

"Thank you for your hospitality, Rudolph. Please, tell Alexander--" Mercedes pursed her lips. "Tell the king, that I am sorry I was not to his liking."

"It is not your fault," Rudolph said. "He will miss you; I am sure. He is a conflicted man, but a good one. Speaking of..." He motioned for one of his guards to bring the gift Alexander had passed along. "He wanted you to have this. Several silk gowns and a fine pair of black pearl earrings, to go with the necklace."

"Oh, yes," Mercedes replied and touched the dark stones. "He has an eye for beauty."

"He does. But as they say, beauty is what is beheld, to all men and women." Rudolph adjusted his visor. "Fare you well, Lady Faelilly."

"May the gods protect you, and your king, Rudolph."

The knight felt a small pang of guilt as he watched the guests file onto the ship. He desperately prayed in his mind that Alexander would fill the needs of his heart with her. But it was not meant to be, and deep down he knew that. It upset and sobered him, all at once. It soon faded when the ship vanished on the horizon, possibly never to return.

"And the soldier keeps marching," Rudolph said. "Alright! Back to the keep. Our work is done." The knight rubbed the back of his neck and stretched. Limber from relief was well and good, but his armor weighed too much sometimes. He was barely a boy when they clasped the dark iron onto his body and put him to his knees to swear his oath. Now, some four decades later, he was starting to show his age.

But never publicly. Even now he lumbered ahead of his knights and passed the crowds that gathered as the sun reached its height. The festival was over, the people of Lukastan returned to their lives and attempted to avoid showing the extent of their enjoyment. The merchants were content their pockets had been filled and the people were delighted by how much coin they received from Saris' compensation and Francis' reward.

"Two of your greatest dissidents now silenced, Lex," Rudolph said to himself as they continued to walk. "Now if only I could hew the head of half your nobles..."

Rudolph did not like nobles. He found them to be tedious creatures who needed a good threatening to keep them in line. He hated how they tormented each other, paraded their accomplishments as if their deeds were worth a bag of grain. But most of all, he hated when they whispered ill of his king. They think themselves clever, snickering at him from behind the goblets he gave them, mocking his rule as if they could do better, and often forget the king's knight is never far. And the king's knight is always listening for danger to his charge.

Rudolph loved Alexander, and would say that openly if asked. Never once had he wished ill upon him, though he has thought of shaking some sense into him when he broods too much. He was a good king, if a bit untrained. He had grown more confident in his abilities as he grew older, and he surrounded himself with loyal men, but he offered his vassals too much freedom. Every duke had relative autonomy to act in the king's interests. They collected his taxes, managed the counties, raised levies and protected his borders. Any requests or petitions were answered cordially and timely, always with the best interests of the kingdom in mind. It had kept the peace, and satisfied everyone--until Branimir.

Rudolph did not agree with his king's decision to withhold half of the truth. Branimir's crimes should be publicly known, and the death be made an example to those who break the king's laws. But that would put Saris in danger, and the king would rather leap from his own walls than put her in a position of discomfort or shame. 

But to what end? She had broken his heart on several occasions, teased him as a boy to the point of excess and fled when he needed her the most. Rudolph had never forgiven her. She could have stayed, stomached her weakness, and saved Alexander from months of guilt and shame. Instead, she fled and got knocked up by a man three times her age and bore a decently handsome spawn of his seed.

Rudolph lifted his visor and spat into the dirt as his knights approached the keep, and the mass of people vacating it. Intoxicated Slavi nobles, ashamed Caliph ladies, dejected youths making lustful promises and lamenting elderly, all filed out of the keep and to their respective entourages. They all received their gift baskets, courtesy of Saris and handed out by Stanislav, as they went along their merry ways. The Caliphs in particular were delighted to receive mementos of their journey, some of whom had never let their eyes take in the capital of the people they were conditioned to hate.

"Ma'assam, Emir Darius," Stanislav said and shook hands with a man his overly busty wife. The poor thing's breasts looked ready to spill free and carry her to the ground.

"Ma'assam, Stanislav. Anu eta, la'ha ma en," the man replied and nodded his thanks.

Rudolph could not stand En'ish, and growled behind his visor as he strode up to Stanislav. "Need any help, Chancellor?"

"No, Rudolph, I think I am fine," he replied and adjusted his sash. "Darius and Farah were the last of our guests who were leaving today. Something I can assist you with?"

"Trying to escape?"

"Hah. Were it so easy? My En'ish is terrible."

"Mine is non-existent," Rudolph said. "Where is the king?"

"I do not know. He went to bed last night in a sour mood." Stanislav chewed his lip. "It is a shame Lady Faelilly did not work out."

"No one is more upset than me, Stan." Rudolph looked to the knights in his charge and jerked a thumb at them. They dispersed, and went about other duties expected of their station. "He needs a woman in his life. Hell, he needs someone to make him happy."

"She succeeded at that. Did he tell you why it did not work out?" The chancellor raised an eyebrow. "It was rather sudden."

"No, he did not," Rudolph said. "But I have a few theories. Speaking of, where is Saris?"

"Off at the eastern gate, wishing a fond farewell to her Shah soul mate." Stanislav waited for the crowds to leave before he entered the keep with Rudolph. "I am sure she will be sad there is no woman for her to confide in."

"Alexander has dozens of servants," Rudolph commented. "Pick one and done?"

"Were it so easy?" Stanislav chuckled.

"You are fond of saying that today?" Rudolph punched the man's shoulder a bit rougher than he intended. "You are getting soft. When we were young, you could take a punch."

"When I was young, you were already a giant." Stanislav rubbed his shoulder. "I was not made to be a knight."

"Did not stop you from trying," Rudolph said.

"True, but we all do stupid things when we are young." Stanislav cleared his throat. "Did you know Dragos was at the feast last night?"

"He competed in the tourney. You did not know?" Rudolph asked.

"If I did, would I be so surprised?" Stanislav replied as they both stepped into the banquet hall, which had already been flooded by servants. "He was popular. Winner of the joust, and handsome to boot."

"He did well. Milorad would be proud of him." Rudolph took care not to accidentally kick a servant that he did not notice scrubbing the floor.

"Were it not for his mother and his age at the time, we would have crowned him king." Stanislav shook his head. "I am glad he is loyal. The last thing this kingdom needs is a claimant war."

"He is loyal because you and Alexander kept him away from his mother," Rudolph removed his helmet. "Rather, you convinced Alexander to do so."

"Was there any other option?" Stanislav asked and spoke before knight could answer. "Karolina was a mess. She wept and cried and barely left her room. Dragos received a perfectly fine education, in the event Alexander should pass before his time, and his mother had no part in that."

"You sound spiteful?" Rudolph chuckled. "You and her never did see eye to eye."

"No. If Alexander listened to me, she might not have run our finances into the dirt," Stanislav said. "I love him more than anything, but sometimes he can be too kind to those who do not deserve it."

"Like Saris?" Rudolph asked.

"You sound spiteful," Stanislav replied and chuckled. "I suppose we both have women in the court we cannot handle."

"Mm..." Rudolph said in agreement as they walked into the east wing of the keep, to the royal offices of the Grand Chancellor. It was a well-furnished room, yet surprisingly modest. Books of heraldry, world history and royal lineages all filled the shelves that flanked a giant map of the known world that sprawled across the wall. The room smelled of wine and hookah smoke. It made Rudolph snarl, and Stanislav chuckled. 

"Yes, I indulge a little. Nothing too bad."

"Your wife will be cross if she finds out," Rudolph replied.

"I make sure to clean my mouth with lemon before I kiss her." Stanislav extended his arm. "Thank you for the chat, Rudolph. But I should get back to work. Official work, now that the keep is finally empty."

"I will go find Lex, then." The knight clasped the man's arm, slipped his helmet on, and headed down a familiar hallway.

Rudolph knew he entered the royal quarters when the carpet became pristine and the curtains were made of the finest imported silks. The suits of armor against the wall also held a sword engraved with the name of every king to live in these chambers. Ironically, none of the family that lived with said king was present on those blades. It was as if they never belonged--much to the disdain of many queens. Still, he admired the delicate emboss on the blades. They would be terrible in a battle, but for decoration they satisfied the eyes.

"Your majesty?" Rudolph called and rapped his knuckles against the wooden door. There was no response. "Lex?" He knocked again, before pressing his cheek to the door. "If there are any servants within, open up immediately." Nothing. He grumbled and reached into his belt, producing a spare key Alexander had given him in case of emergencies. He unlocked the door and made his way inside.

The king's bedroom was empty. The bed had been made, the curtains straightened and drawn, and all the wooden furnishings had been wiped down and polished. But there was no one within, not even a servant tidying up. The knight opened the private bath, and still found no one.

"Huh," he said to the emptiness. "Where are you then, Lex?"

There was one place he imagined the king would go if he were alone, so Rudolph strode his way to the walls that faced the sea. Where the expansive world was entered upon the sail, and where a young boy often sat with his muse and composed poetry. It was the one thing Saris was good for back then, aside from screaming at someone.

Rudolph approached the pensive king as he looked out towards the sea. He wore a simple tunic and some brown trousers. The only thing signifying his status was the crown on his head and the ring on his finger.

"Your grace?" Rudolph asked and forced the king to startle. "It is only I."

"Ah," Alexander said and appeared to loosen. "That is good. Did everything go as planned?"

"It did." Rudolph removed his helmet and set it on the crenellations.

"Why are you frowning?" Alexander asked.

"Mercedes was a good woman," Rudolph said. "I am sorry you two could not be."

"You and I both..." Alexander said and turned back to the sea. "But she is right. My heart does belong to another."

"Saris," Rudolph stated.

"The only one," Alexander replied. "Do you think she loves me?"

"She said she does not," Rudolph said.

"But could I rekindle what we had?" Alexander asked. "Could I make her love me again?"

Rudolph pursed his lips. "Lex, I know nothing about women." He leaned his poleaxe against the wall and rolled his massive shoulders. "I do not have an answer for you."

"You once said Mercedes was genuine, and Saris was not. What did you mean?"

"Mercedes was genuine, Saris was not. Yes. I said those words..." Rudolph frowned. "When you were betrothed, did you ever think the woman you know now would have come from that girl?"

"...what do you mean?" Alexander asked. "Saris has always been intelligent."

"But she played with you," Rudolph said. "Remember when her stockings caught in a tree, and you climbed to release them?"

"Yes," Alexander replied. "One of the serving girls, who she could not remember, threw them up there. She was embarrassed I touched them."

"She climbed that tree herself and put them there, before running to find you. I saw her do it." Rudolph growled. "Do you remember the time she could not pick out a dessert, and asked you to feed her them one by one? She was guiding you to the ones she knew she would like."

"Why would she do any of that, Rudolph?" Alexander asked with growing ire. "It makes no sense!"

"Because she wanted you to see what you wanted to see. She wanted you to adore her, because she likes when men adore her. She did not love you genuinely, from what I saw."

"So, everything we had was a lie. Even our first kiss..." Alexander closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "She never loved me?"

Rudolph felt his heart stop. He watched his king's shoulders sag, watched as his hand turned into a fist, and knew what he had to do. He could regret it later, once he saved the only person in the world he truly loved unconditionally.

"Yes," he said. "But that could change." He put both large hands on the king's shoulders as those eyes opened and went wide. "Listen to my words, Lex. When you see her next, be unafraid. She is hurting, now that her only friend has gone. Be there for her, and perhaps you will make that which you seek."

The king appeared to listen to those words, to take them in. Rudolph wanted to curse out loud and say how he truly felt; that he could not stand the woman! But he knew what being a knight meant. It meant to serve your master, through good and ill, and support them in all their causes, no matter what may come from them.

"She... will love me as I love her?" Alexander asked.

"I am not her," Rudolph said and prayed silently in thanks. "But she may." It was a sweet lie, and it appeared to put the king at ease. An ease which would brace him for a new burden, one of dusky skin and a thick beard.

"Assam, King Lukaric," the sultan said as he pulled back his robe to reveal the pommel of his sword. "And your knight."

"Sultan Abu Khalil," the king replied and raised his arm. It was the only thing that stopped Rudolph from brazenly coming between them. "I thought you had left with the other guests?"

"Eager to be rid of me?"

"Is that a rhetorical question, sultan?" Alexander asked. The sultan laughed and turned to look out to the sea. "Where is Emir Khan?"

"My personal nuisance?" the sultan asked. "Off, with my wife, as I commanded him. Were she not his sister, I might simply take my leave of him. Permanently."

Rudolph knew what that meant, and gripped his poleaxe tighter. He did not trust the sultan, especially as a blade remained on his hip. He did not fear the man, but he feared for Alexander's safety. He would kill the sultan if need be, the moment that blade withdrew an inch from his sash.

"He is devoted to you," Alexander replied.

"So is my wife. I do not take the emir to bed, do I?" the sultan grinned. "You are wondering why I am speaking to you so openly?"

'Yes', Rudolph thought.

"Perhaps," Alexander replied. "We are not the best of friends."

"No. I despise you and your kind," the sultan said and turned to face the king. "I wish nothing more than your expulsion from this land."

Rudolph growled low behind the king, who continued to keep his arm outstretched. He wanted nothing more than to drive the spearpoint of his weapon into the man's gut and parade him on the walls. But Alexander had different plans, that the knight did not understand.

"Kind words, your excellency. Might I ask why you say these things, if not simply to earn my ire--and that of all of Svetirat?" he asked.

"Because I may have accepted those beliefs out of my own hubris, rather than logic," the sultan replied. "I visited your temple, and as I was in prayer, something spoke to me. It was the words that came from the mouth of the imam, and it turned my eyes inward."

"Prayer has a way of awakening the best within us," Alexander said.

"Prayer, and a beautiful woman." The sultan stroked his beard. "Your Saris is a remarkable woman. You have trained her well."

"I did not train her," Alexander said.

"But you killed her husband, did you not? She speaks of you so highly, I wondered if it could be anything but forced." The sultan smiled, and showed teeth Rudolph wished to break with a strong fist. "But she is part of the reason I am speaking to you now."
