 [WARNING: This Chapter contains scenes of intense violence and suggestive themes. Viewer discretion is advised. This chapter has been made to allow readers to skip it, as the events will be referenced in later chapters.]

***

"That sumac and pepper flake did nothing pleasant for my stomach," Darius said, his teeth visible as he clenched his jaw.

"You cannot handle spice. Your wife is a better consumer of it than you!" Gazug laughed, which brought forth another laugh from the other two men with them.

"She is an amazing woman! You are a lucky man, Darius," one of their younger companions said.

"Bah. She can be a handful," Darius replied and rubbed his stomach. But then he smiled. "Two big handfuls!"

"Can she loan some to my wife?" Gazug asked and wiped the corner of his mouth. "How is a man supposed to sleep comfortably without pillows provided by his wife?"

It was late in the evening as the men walked to the temple for their nightly prayers. Their illustrious sultan, Abu Khalil, had gone early to prepare a speech for the minbar, as he often did in his advancing age. Until the call for prayer, however, and the emirs were bored and left to their own enjoyment. Old or young, men were men and they were not good at being idle. Darius had suggested living as if they were thirty years younger, and so they swept through the streets of Kasul without their guards, and indulged in pleasures long forgotten.

Kasul was a sprawling metropolis, full of ancient history. It was said Ayyub the Mighty, formerly Ali, according to the Shah, built the city as a gift to his fifth wife, Aisha, who had a fondness for the world. He built it so that no matter where someone was in the east, they would pass through it and be graced by the curious eyes of his wife. The streets were wide to accommodate the once mighty processions that came at the behest of the famous hero, and the buildings were large to accommodate the influx of citizens who wanted to be closer to their savior, the one who liberated them from bondage under the heel of the Shah. It was never his capital, but it was the jewel of his nation. 

In the present day, it was the second largest trading hub in the east, exporting textiles, spices, silks and so much more to the entire known world. Merchants sang their sweet songs to their patrons who spent their coin freely, coin which then found itself shifted to the hands of the brothels and corner clubs, only to finally end up taxed by local officials and transported to the city treasury which was then taxed by the Sultan's official tax collectors. Much to the disgruntlement of the various merchant princes who had to part with their coin.

The only place to rival it, purely in financial worth and not significance, was Syrianoch. The place was a gift given to the Imperials by the Shah Adrina, who was, for lack of a better description, a victim of emotional abuse by the Legate Aurelian Nerva. Rumors abound that she doted on him with every inch of her unnatural being, while he simply tosses her away at his whim and takes nearly half of her treasury in the name of his Emperor. It was almost enough to pity the poor witch, and increase the familiar ire levied at the Imperials.

Not that the other Shah would help their own, nor did it stop people from indulging in Imperial decadence, much of which had bled into Kasul in the form of pleasure dens. The unmarried men thought to go during their indulgence of the city, but those who were married thought otherwise.

"They only dance," one of them said with a scoff. "What harm is there in watching?"

"Aside from the fact we are going to pray in less than an hour?" Gazug shook his head and sighed. "I have two wives who are willing to play with one another for my amusement, and all they ask is loyalty. You will learn the joys of such when you marry."

"Happy wives; happy lives for all those around them." Darius nodded. "You would be amazed at how iron fisted Farah is with our servants. She treats them almost as bad as slaves."

"She might have a bit of Shah in her," Gazug said.

"She just may," Darius replied with a chuckle. "Probably siphoned it from Adrina, during our visit to the Slavi capital."

"A good festival. King Lukaric was as hospitable as always." Gazug nodded.

"You say these things only because you are his friend!" one of the men proclaimed as he tripped over an upraised chunk of pavement. The others laughed at him.

But the words were true. Gazug did consider Alexander a friend despite their age difference. He had pitied the poor boy when they first met inside that tent with the newly crowned Sultan Abu Khalil. He wanted to speak up, to say something about Rahman Khan terrorizing the innocent boy with verbose language and circular logic, but he did not wish to irritate his new sultan and father in law, after he was promised a newborn daughter as his future wife.

"He is a good man. Compared to the last," Gazug finally said and kicked a loose rock down the uncommonly empty street.

"The Slavi king before?" one of the companions asked.

"Who cares about Slavi?" another replied. "Let the sun burn their pale skin and chase them from these shores. They do not belong here!"

"We came to enjoy the night," Darius said. "Enough of it. Someone find me a public latrine."

"Such a daunting task. Your will be done, Emir Darius." The company laughed at the expense of the older man, though they respectfully waited for him when a latrine was found. They chewed on coffee beans to keep themselves awake as the night continued.

"The air feels surprisingly cold," Gazug commented.

"It is late. It happens," one of his companions said. "Another bean?"

Gazug nodded his head and popped a new bean into his mouth as he looked up to the unnaturally cloudy sky. The moon, usually bright and luminous, was dulled by the thick wool of heaven that had been pulled over it. Ishtar's third eye was blind to him. Something did not feel right.

"Perhaps the sumac did not sit well with me either," he said quietly to himself as he toyed with the split ends of his beard. He should get it trimmed, so his wives would stop complaining about it. Kharja especially, who states it is the most uncomfortable thing when he pleases her. In his defense, very few men went out of their way to learn the Imperial kiss. She should be grateful.

Kharja. A dutiful little creature, though afraid of her own beauty to show it. At least she had conceded to wear embroidered gowns and veils in the future, as to break the monotony of black on black. He felt rather overdressed when she stood beside him in the Slavi city; his brightening silks and her intense darkness. He was half-embarrassed when she dragged Alexander away for a tour. Not because he was in the shadows about her plan, but because she looked so unlike an emir's wife!

"Your friend is very strange," she said on the ride back to Kasul. She had undone her veil in the litter, her face visible for his eyes only. "He is kind and caring, with a genuine heart and honest eyes. I think helpless is the best word to describe such a man."

"He is a king, so I doubt he is all that helpless," Gazug had replied.

"Helpless in the... lover sense. He loves a woman who does not return his affections. He is childish." Kharja frowned. "What is so funny? Stop laughing."

"You? Calling someone a child?" Gazug could not contain his laughter.

"Bite me, husband." She pinched his thigh in retaliation. "I am married. That makes me a woman."

"Having a child makes you a woman," Gazug said and cupped her bare cheek. "Someday."

"...someday." She kissed his palm, and looked at him with eyes of adoration.

He loved his second wife, maybe even more than his first. He had accepted her because she was his lord's daughter, without thinking he could love what was a newborn. But as she grew, he watched her. She was graceful, courteous, born with just the perfect amount of cunning to be independent of him when it was required. He knew she could protect herself if need required it. She was passionate when required, focused not on pleasing him with her body, but making them one soul and heart. When he was inside her he felt completion, and felt the often-hollow space in a human heart filled with her.

His first wife was a much more traditional. Ahabia was her name and she was a plain creature, offered from one family to another as a way of strengthening bonds. He loved her, had a child with her, and doted on her until the very end when her mind left her, and she had to walk with the gods not four years past. The only failing she ever had was her lack of intelligence, more of a submissive creature made to be a wife than an actual living creature. Perhaps that is why he loved Kharja just a bit more. She was a woman, in her own right, not molded to be a wife, like Ahabia.

He felt a pang of guilt for thinking such things about his wives and drew his attention back to reality, just as Darius stepped out and adjusted his belt. Just in time too, for the call to prayer echoed throughout the city.

"Took me longer than expected," he said.

"We will not eat spicy food again. I promise," Gazug said with a chuckle. It was met with quiet laughter from their companions.

"Mhm. Laugh it up, bastards." Darius rolled his eyes, but chuckled as well. "We should hurry to the temple. I am sure our wives are cross with us for being out so late. As will Abu Khalil."

"I fear our wives more than I fear our lord. I am already dreading the gossip they have spoken of us in our absence." Gazug rose and rolled his shoulders. "Women love to talk, especially about their husbands."

"Was that not what we were doing moments before?" Darius asked.

"I think so," Gazug replied and looked up to the cloudy sky. It continued to bother him, as if a great shadow lurked over Kasul. Something sinister was coming, and not of this land. But what?

The Great Temple of Dhul-Kifi Ayyub, named such for Ayyub's greatest general and father in law, towered above Kasul and was surrounded by four pillars which bore the twenty-five different names for each of the gods: Anu, the Lord of Heaven, Ishtar, the Mother of Humanity, Dagon, the Lord of Earth and Sea, and Enlil, the Hoarder of Knowledge. There are none but the four. No gods shall come before them.

A crowd of people--the rich, the poor, the young and the old-- filed into the temple, shoulder to shoulder. According to Ayyub, rank and status did not matter in the eyes of the gods, and thus all were equal once they passed through the archway and entered heaven together. But in the secular world, the temporal world, it was a moot notion. The more influential you were, the closer to the front you were going to be. It was only proper, and none would dare deny such a position to the most elite of the elite. 

"There they are," Kharja said and put her slender hands on her even more slender waist. Farah was beside her. "Did you both need to come so late?"

"No, my love." Gazug waved a hand and dismissed his companions, leaving only him and Darius. "You look lovely."

"We ran into a situation. Our dinner was late and did not sit well."

"Did you eat something spicy again?" Farah asked, only to sigh and chide Darius with her finger. "I always tell you that you are not a young man anymore. Leave such enjoyments to the next generation."

"She knows?" Gazug asked Darius.

"Of course she does. She is my wife," he replied.

"And we both are standing right here, idiots." Kharja walked up and flicked both men on the noses. It stung, but the giggle she gave afterwards melted Gazug's heart. Darius, not so much.

"When did we marry?" he asked and rubbed his nose. "Why was I flicked?"

"She has my permission," Farah replied and turned back to the thickening crowd of people. She looked resplendent, with a thin veil over her lips and jewels in her hair that cascaded down her dusky skin. Kharja, meanwhile, covered herself head to toe in none other than black. At least she chose the embroidered black. It was a step in the right direction, and Gazug was thankful.

"We should head inside. Is the sultan here?"

"He is with the Imam, going over his permission to speak. Sultan or no, he likes to go through the proper decorum." Kharja shook her head.

"Decorum is important," Gazug said and turned his eyes to the door. "We should begin. The final call just went out."

The group moved up the stairs and in line with the crown to meet the Ordinators, golden masked and armed men and women sworn to the faith, who ushered the congregation into the temple and showed them their designated spots. Men to the left, and women to the right, separated by massive black columns, inscribed with scripture, that upheld mosaiced and gilded domes. Nothing in this world had ever matched such beauty, in Gazug's eyes.

The segregation of men and women was a practice derived from a hatred of the Shah, who did not separate themselves based on gender. When Ayyub the Mighty freed the Caliphs and established the first Caliphate, he declared that men and women should pray separately as to not tempt or distract one another in prayer. It was tradition, and thus was never questioned, but it had dissenters.

"If they just set us to our knees for prayer without trying to segregate us, it would be faster to begin," Darius said as they accepted the blessed water between their eyes and on the ridge of their noses.

"I will not pray with a man's ass only a few inches from my face, Darius." Kharja hissed behind her veil. "Disgusting!"

"Nor do I wish a man to gaze at my backside and get any ideas," Farah said and bowed as she was blessed. "It is bad enough my breasts draw the eyes of half the city."

"I envy you, Farah," Kharja said. "My own are not nearly as impressive."

"If I could give them to you, child, I would."

'Oh, please do,' Gazug thought as he and Darius were shown to the male side of the temple and shown to where they would kneel. The entire floor was carpeted, and after they had removed their shoes and sandals, they fell to their knees and placed their hands on the floor, and tapped their foreheads to it once before rising.

That was the ritual. When you enter a temple, you bow your head in reverence to the gods, on your knees in total submission, and await the Imam's words. Sometimes it took minutes, other times it took an hour. Regardless, they would wait on their knees until ordered otherwise, and not say a word to one another.

Thankfully, this time it only took ten minutes for the doors to shut and the Imam to take his place on the minbar. The sultan knelt directly in front of him, between the two segregated congregations, and pressed his head to the floor. Everyone else followed suit.

"All praise be the Four; Anu, Ishtar, Dagon, Enlil. May we be forever blessed in their mercy. May our souls at the end of our days be shepherded to heaven on golden wings, while our flesh returns to the earth, and our souls find comfort in our spiritual mother, while our minds traverse the vast expanse of the Hoarder. All praise be the Four."

"Anu. Ishtar. Dagon. Enlil." The entire temple chanted the four names four times, and lifted themselves from the floor to turn their eyes to the minbar.

"Welcome, on this blessed night, brothers and sisters of the Four, who none shall come before."

"None shall come before them. Blessed be their names. Anu. Ishtar. Dagon. Enlil." Another recitation from memory for all those in the temple. It was followed by silent meditation, where each member of the congregation looked inwards and gave thanks for what the gods had provided and enter a peaceful. It ended when everyone had turned to their adjacent faithful and greeted them. Assam.

The Imam started to chant specific verses of holy scripture, and when he was finished everyone pressed their foreheads to the floor and gave thanks. "There are none but the Four. None shall come before them." They did this seven times, before the sultan humbly rose and ascended the minbar and embraced the Imam, before replacing him.

"To all faithful, I bid you welcome and holy friendship. It is not often that I, your sultan, ask to speak in this most holy of places. I am not Imam, and I am unworthy to stand and believe I am holier than anyone. Whether you are a sultan, or a servant, the gods welcome you. They love you. They love us." Abu Khalil raised his hand outward, and beckoned a response.

"There are none but the Four. None shall become before them."

"Now, more than ever, our faith is to be tried. The darkness encroaches, but the light of our faith will burn it back to the abyss. As we heard in the scripture today, spoken through the words of the Prophet Maa'saadin ibn Ramuul, forever blessed is he; 'Fear not the darkness, for your light burns bright, and shall cast it away. It can never claim you, and it never will, so long as your light burns bright and in unmarred by grievous sin.'" The sultan put his hand to his chest and lowered his head. "The books of Prophet Maa'saadin, forever blessed is he, book two, verse twenty-five."

There was a moment of silence as the congregation gave thanks before the sultan spoke again. "It is difficult to be bright, in a world of darkness. I know, for every day I too struggle with the darkness as much as any of you. I am unworthy, but it is my faith, and my love for all those who call our gods their gods, that burns away the darkness. Look to your left and look to your right. Know that those beside you, whether they be a servant or a sultan, stands with you against the darkness. Alone we burn bright enough to survive, but together we burn bright enough to thrive."

Another silence. "May we all be so blessed, in the eyes of those who came before and those who will come after us, to stand together against the darkness. There are none but the Four. None shall come before them."

The sultan departed the minbar and embraced the Imam, who started another chant. For the next hour, the congregation prayed and gave thanks, until finally the final prayer was made, and the final embrace of those beside you as you exited the spiritual journey that had been shared.

It was also the time when men and women could move past the pillars and mingle with one another. The ordinators started to organize the crowd and move towards the door, ready to open it and let everyone depart.

"That was a rousing speech, your majesty," Farah said as she bowed before the sultan. "Truly, it was well spoken."

"It is truth. When I was sleeping last night, I saw nothing but darkness. It frightened me."

"Such things happen when you close your eyes, father. There is no light." Kharja giggled behind her veil, and accepted the pat on her head from the larger male.

"It was good, your majesty." Gazug turned his eyes to the doors, which had still not been opened. It was unusual for the ordinators to take so long in opening the door. In fact, they just stood there. "Did the bar get jammed again?"

"I do not think so. Why would they lock the door?" Darius stroked his beard. "It makes no sense."

"I will handle this," Abu Khalil said and moved his way through the restless crowd. Gazug followed, as everyone murmured and questioned what was happening. Even the ordinators looked confused, one the sultan and the emir stood before them. "Why is the door not opened?"

Silence. The ordinator cocked his head at the sultan. He was a very skinny man, covered head to toe in black cloth and carrying a scimitar. The only visible portion of skin were the pale pink flab around his hardened blue eyes.

Blue eyes. "Answer your sultan, ordinator." Gazug furrowed his brow and reached for his scimitar--which was not there, having been given to the ordinators upon entering the temple. None of the faithful could be armed, for no blood was to be spilled in a temple under any condition. Only the ordinators carried weapons, to protect the temple from outsiders and infidels.
