 'Everyone is looking at me. I can feel their eyes upon me.' Even in her mind, the words sounded crazy. But they were there, and they gnawed at the back of her mind as she walked out of Mor Sophia with the rest of the congregation, her shoulders no less light than when she arrived.

She had decided to take a break from the palace chapel, where most of her prayers had been done, and attend one of Malmir's liturgies in the cathedral. It was a beautiful service, eloquently spoken and thoroughly inspiring, but it did not give her what she wanted. She wanted this guilt, this twisted knot in her stomach, to go away. Among other grievances.

She slept with him. She slept with Alexander. And the worst part was that she enjoyed it. She had tried to justify it by telling herself that it was because she had not had sex in so long. She was still relatively young, and she had a libido like any other woman, widowed or not. She kept it contained, except that night when she gave in, and naturally it felt good because it had been absent for so long. But she used that excuse the next night, and the night after that. She had no way to justify having sex in her office. She cursed herself when the ink spilled and made a mess of the carpet. It almost made her stop him, though she quickly gave in when he finished inside her. There was a strangeness to being filled with a man's seed that made her eyes cross and her toes wiggle in pleasure. 

She had to stop letting him do that. She did not need to risk getting pregnant. Not only would she be lambasted for being in her king's bed--the king who killed her husband--but she would be publicly scorned for having his child out of wedlock. Even Malmir might not tolerate that, and the man went with the flow like an aimless youth.

Saris found herself rubbing her empty--physically and metaphorical--belly in thought. She could see herself being a mother again and had thought about it when she was married. She adored motherhood, and all it came with, but she did not want to be the mother of a prince. She found herself rubbing her stomach a bit more and watched the red silk gown move with her hand, displacing the flecks of gold that were woven seamlessly into the fabric to give it a very subtle glow. It reminded her of embers in a hearth, smoldering at the last bits of kindling.

Embers. Smoldering. Saris forgot about Alexander as her mind turned to another Lukaric, one brought in through marriage. Karolina, with her somber smile and heavy eyes and fiery hair. The image of her made Saris angry, made her want to scream and claw out her eyes, but she composed herself as she was still in the public eye.

It was all her doing. Baltimirzan, the troubles in Lukastan--almost everything that sickened the kingdom, while having existed before these times, had been amplified by her devilish fingers. She roused the former knights who lost everything, rallied the discontented merchants and commoners to her side, and sought to wage war within the kingdom against the easterners. 

Why? There had to be a motive, and Saris could only think of the obvious; she blamed the easterners for Milorad's death, and wanted them annihilated by any means necessary. Alexander would never go to war without a good reason, nor would his council ever advise him to do so. But if the easterners attacked first, then Alexander would have no choice but to retaliate in kind. They had the levies to fight back, and could bring the conflict to a favorable ceasefire, but the greatest war would be internal. The people would revolt, and the scars Saris once thought faded will tear open into lesions most foul.

"You should never leave the palace unattended," a familiar grumble said. Saris' straightened her back as she was ripped from her thoughts. She did not need to turn around to see who it was, his shadow already encompassing her, as well as frightening those who were just leaving the cathedral.

"...did Lex send you?"

"How did you figure?" Rudolph asked.

"You would never find me on your own," Saris replied.

"Not true. I found you before those men cut your throat." Rudolph chuckled. "I am the king's pet killer, remember?"

Saris pursed her lips and looked to the ground. She had grown a bit fonder of Rudolph since he saved her, but not by much. She did not tremble in his presence anymore, but she never felt at ease when he was around. He was too large, too armed, and twice as snide than before. She also did not approve of him knowing about her and Lex.

"Are you going to ask me why I came to the cathedral and not the private chapel?" she asked as she started walking. Rudolph followed, casting his shadow around her like a barrier.

"No," he replied. "The cathedral is nice. That chapel was built so the king's before Lex did not need to walk the streets."

"I have never seen Lex visit the cathedral of service." Saris frowned. "Malmir would not doubt enjoy it."

"They see each other six days out of the week. Everyone needs a break from each other, at least once a day, Saris." Rudolph rolled his shoulders. He did that quite often, she noticed. Perhaps his armor was just too heavy. "You might be able to convince him, provided you go with him."

"It would have to be the whole court. Just us, by ourselves, would draw too much attention." Saris tucked a few stray locks of hair behind her ears.

"You still care what others think?" Rudolph scoffed. "You are sleeping with him almost nightly. Willingly, at that."

"...shut up." Saris twisted her bare ring finger. "I have no excuse."

"The first honest thing out of your mouth," Rudolph said.

Saris furrowed her brows and turned on him. "Do you always need to be snide with me?"

"Are you still frightened of me, the king's butcher and pet monster?" Rudolph asked.

"...a little," Saris replied and crossed her arms. "That cannot be the only reason you seek to rile me and belittle me."

"It is not." Rudolph made a motion with his hand. "We should keep moving, your grace. We need to return you to the palace."

"Then why do you do it?" Saris asked as they kept walking. "I want the truth. Do that for me... and I will reconsider what I think of you."

"I will go from being a monster to a beast?" Rudolph adjusted his visor. "Not very enticing. But I will give you your answer; you are not as clever as you think you are."

Saris blinked and looked up to him. "What do you mean?"

"Even when you were a girl, trying to impress Alexander, you were not clever. Your tricks, your guile, it was fake, and it gave the wrong impression to what was then an innocent boy." Rudolph looked up to the sky. "The day you abandoned him was the day you broke his heart."

"How would you react to your betrothed ordering the death of dozens?" Saris asked. "I feared him! It was not the first time he had lost his temper with me."

"Yes, I recall. The day you were caught talking to another boy. Gods, how terrible, that he showed a hint of jealousy for you?" Rudolph stated.

There was a time where Saris, in her youth, decided she would test Alexander. She had found a boy, someone who had shown an infatuation with her. She courted him privately, enticed him with false promises and her usual tricks, to rile Alexander to action. She wanted him to come to her, demand her to be faithful to him and perhaps even chide the second boy for daring to come near her.

Instead, Alexander attacked him. She watched as Alexander bloodied the youth's nose, before Rudolph arrived to separate them. She was frightened, then, and did not explain her plan. Instead she lashed out, yelled at him, and perhaps even brought him to tears in private.

"...I wanted him to fight for me. To prove her wanted me. It was the only thing I could think of. I did not want him to brutalize someone." Even back then, I wanted him to prove it.

"Did you tell him that?" Rudolph asked. "Or did you get upset, and put it in his mind he should never try to tame you?" The knight shook his head. "You think you are clever, but you are not. You destroyed him, tore into his already diminished confidence, and after your left him ravaged you fled over something that was a simple judgement of error to get knocked up by a man old enough to be your father."

Saris felt her eyes well up. She did not know what was bringing forth these emotions, but she wanted to lash out at the knight. But his words were true to her. Not in her mind, which overworked to rationalize and snap back with wit, but her heart, which rent as she thought about how much she hurt that man who only a few hours ago was inside her. One with her.

"Then why does he love me?" Saris asked. "If I am so terrible in your eyes, as you say, why does he want me? Why are we..."

"You make him a better person." Rudolph grunted. "You make him happy and he feels confident with you around. I do not like you. You hurt a man I love very much, a man I would give my life for. Many nights I sat beside him as he cried from the burdens of kingship, listened to his pains as he suffered them alone. You could have done that for him, you could have helped him through it all. Perhaps we would all be in better graces with one another, if you had."

Saris needed to sit down, and she quickly found a shadowed bench beneath an awning and slumped forward. She put her face in her palms and fought back tears. Why today, of all days, did everything need to come crashing down around her? She already felt immense guilt for giving in to Alexander, and now his knight was making her feel worse!

She could have helped him. She could have helped everyone if she were queen. She could have been his steward a decade earlier and solved all these problems brought by Karolina's hatred. She could have smoothed relations between the Slavi and the Caliphs, acted as a bridge between them--and yet she stayed in Baltimirzan, and denied her duty. She could not even say she did not love him, because she proved otherwise several times.

She remembered when she knew that man, that boy, was to be her everything. It was a day or so after she arrived in the capital, and she had met him for the first time. She was content with being betrothed, as all noble girls were made to be so, but she did not think much of him. She hoped he would be a good man and husband when they finally tied the knot, but it appeared to be he was a good man already. He was shy, often afraid of speaking out of turn, but it was endearing. He never once demanded anything from her, never once denied her anything at her request and never dared to strike her or speak loudly at her. The more time she spent with him, and the more time she worked him out of his shell, allowed her to realize just how important he was going to be to her. From every misstep and every poorly chosen word, she knew she could be by this boy's side no matter what.

But she could not do that. The prospect of being a queen, a monarch, was frightening. By the time that fear had gripped her, Alexander's temper began to show. She knew it was there, accepted it as a spur of the moment action, but she did not expect it to manifest into murder. She still heard the screams as the crowd tried to run. She remembered their impaled corpses atop his poleaxe. She remembered fearing she might suffer a similar fate, if she made him unleash that temper once more. It was why she ran, she fled, and took to being the wife of a man old enough to be her father. 

A man who, only now, she realized she could not stand. His breath stank, his hands were rough, his kisses forceful and his love-making abysmal. Even she, with no experience, knew it was not to be that painful, leaving her cheeks above and below bruised from where his hands graced her, or make her disgusted with herself.

Eventually, Rudolph's hand drew her from her twisted thoughts. "I do not like you. I find you bothersome and a headache. But if you truly love Lex, I will admit my fault. I know you will not, for you believe you can do no wrong, but I will. Prove you love him, and I will be your stalwart bastion, just as I am his."

"How do I prove it to you?" Saris asked with a whisper.

"Hide it no longer. It is not fair to him, nor is it fair to anyone else." Rudolph shook her gently. "I do not have the luxury of honesty. You do. Use it."

Saris simply nodded. She accepted his large hand as he helped her up. She could not explain it, but her steps felt lighter, her shoulders were less slouched, and her heart was strangely at peace.

She spent a long time alone that day, even asking Alexander to leave her be so she could think. He obliged with a kiss, and she spent a little too long tying his laces around her fingers before they departed. She lay on her bed and delved into her mind to rationalize all things as they unfolded.

Hide it no longer, Rudolph said, which in turn meant telling the council--and by extension the nobility--she and Alexander were sleeping together. It means tell them that, yes, she is sleeping with the king but does not know if she wants to be queen. Queen Saris Lukaric. That is what she would be called, and it would be a message to the entire realm; if you want a wife, kill her husband and take her for yourself. Not only would she be considered far worse than she already is, but it would make Alexander into the lustful beast people claim.

Your husband, a lesser man, was cut down by a superior man, the king. By killing him, does that not strengthen him in your eyes? He won, your husband did not. Adrina spoke gently in her mind. Gods, she missed her, and found her advice somewhat intriguingly truthful. Part of Saris did enjoy that Alexander was the better man, having won her by right of force. But then another part of her was sickened by the prospect, because it made her feel like a piece of meat, fought over by two wolves for the right to devour it.

She did not know what to do. She did not want to simply tell people, but part of her also wanted respect from Rudolph. She wanted to be fair to Alexander, she did not want to make him wait, nor did she believe either of them were old enough to simply 'see how it turns out'. Someone would find out, or they would slip, and then what? Twice the trouble.

"You forgot about me, Saris?"

Saris did not remember falling asleep. She had merely shut her eyes, and moments later awoke in a familiar place. The ducal carpet ran up to an elegant throne, upon which sat a familiar man who she knew well. He had given her a son.

"No," Saris replied to Branimir and took a bold step forward. "I never forgot."

"Yet my ring left your finger. And your legs spread for my killer."

"It is not like that! I did not sleep with him because he killed you!" Saris took another step forward, but hugged herself as pain overtook her. Her sides were splitting, her muscles were cramping, and blood ran down her thighs to pool beneath her. She looked up to her husband as she collapsed and gasped for air.

"You prove your guilt. Your own body rejects you."

"Make it stop!" she cried. "Bran--I loved you!"

"You should have never stopped!" the dead duke bellowed as the entire throne room shook. Saris tried to cover her ears, but the pain was too much and she started to cry. "You should have sought the death of my killer, but instead you bed him!"

"What is wrong with you, mother?" Visarion said, his arms crossed nearby and his eyes narrow. "You are a whore. You betrayed my father!"

"Visarion, no! I--It was you who made me go! You--"

"Do not blame him for your weakness, Saris." Branimir stepped down from the throne and loomed over her. "You are no better than a whore. A traitor to the very vows you swore to me!"

"I am no such thing!" Saris managed to rise and shakily stood before her husband. "Sixteen years I loved you, stood by your side. And you--you treated me no better than a servant! How many nights did I let you crawl into my bed drunk? How many times did I let you tie things to me, cause me pain, so you could receive pleasure? How many times did I--"

Saris fell to the ground once more as pain ran through her cheek. Branimir loomed above her, and his palm lowered to his side as he spoke. "Speak ill of me again, and you will receive another."

"...you struck me. You always had an excuse." Saris rose once more in defiance. "Any time I said no. Any time I denied you, you struck me. Sometimes you struck me in ways that never left their mark. I did everything you asked not because I loved you... But because I hated myself enough to allow it to happen."

"I gave you everything," Branimir said.

"I was blind! I should have seen the horrible man you were! But I was so caught up in wanting someone to love me, to fill that gap that was made by my own fear! You filled it, but only for a year. I hardened myself with every blow you gave, be it to my own flesh or to my heart." Saris was crying, and bruises formed from where she remembered Branimir touching her.

"You pathetic whore."

"I... was your wife. And you whispered that word into my ear every time you took me. Every time I let you... disgusting..." She felt her lip quiver as she looked to her son. The boy stared at her with hate and malice, and she could not bear it.

"Will you tell him the truth of me?" Branimir asked as he yanked a chain and pulled Saris by the throat. A collar had formed around her skin, as if she were his slave. "Go on. Tell him you fucked his father's murder. Tell him it is okay, because I was a slaver. Tell him you fucked the man who allowed his city to burn. Tell him the truth. Do it!"

Saris clawed at the iron collar as she was forced to look at her son. He was everything she truly loved, everything she wanted to protect in this world. Everything she ever did she did for him. She suffered blows from her husband, humiliation from his council and disgrace in the public eye. Her heart was laid bare. She needed him to understand.

"I love you Visarion," Saris whimpered. "I love you, more than anything..." But I need to find happiness too. 

Her son frowned and drew his sword as he strode up to her. He stood before her and leveled it with her chest, right above where her heart bled free.

"She deserves nothing. She is a whore. A weak-willed woman! Do it. End her!" Branimir roared in Saris' ears, as she pleaded with her son one final time, as he drew the sword back and thrust.

Branimir fell to the earth, the blade lodged inside his neck. The blood that had covered Saris transferred to him, as his own son loomed over him and withdrew the blade. The boy did not clean it before he turned on his mother and nodded his head gently.

"It is okay, Saris" he said. "It is okay to want happiness. Find the love you never found in another. Wake up."

Saris awoke from her sleep when a knock came from her door. She was surprised to see a beautiful and dusky serving girl, more akin to a Shah than a Caliph. Her black hair hovered above her exposed shoulders, and she laced her fingers together just above her hips.

"Lady Ancyzra? Forgive me, but may I come in?" she asked.

"I did not summon anyone," Saris replied. In truth, she did not know Alexander employed easterners as servants. It would be too much trouble.

"You ordered coffee, your grace. Do you not remember?" the girl held out a small platter. "I have brought sugar and cream. You said you needed to wake up."

"Did I?" Saris asked, as the girl set the platter down on a nearby table and smoothed out her amazingly short manila gown. It barely went past her upper thighs, and one bend over revealed all.

"You did. Though perhaps it was to help focus the addled mind?" She began to stir cream and sugar, just how Saris usually took the dark brew, and presented it to her. "You have an air of confusion about you, my lady. What ails you?"

"Several things." Like who you are, for example. Saris sat down on her bed and took a sip of the coffee. It was rich, amazingly so, and carried with it the perfect kick.
