 "I found her. Lady Karolina is going to be here within an hour," Brother Cyril said.

Alexander almost collapsed. He steadied himself on Rudolph and looked to his council, all of whom worse expressions of confusion--except Saris, whose eyes widened in horror. She was the only one who knew about Karolina's crimes, save Brother Cyril. The rest were in the dark, unable to be told such for fear of what they would say.

But Alexander had no choice now. The words had been said. "What is so important about Karolina?" Stanislav asked.

"It is good she is coming back," Malmir said.

"...my friends," Alexander said and leaned on the table. He found the words hard to say. "Karolina is being brought back to the capital for the crime of high treason, though she does not know it yet."

There was silence, which appeared to be the common outcome of this entire meeting. Saris' admission drew forth several, and now it was Alexander's turn. He felt sweat build at his palms, nearly slipping off the table, and worried the crown was about to snap his stiffened neck.

"Treason?" Malmir asked. "What did she do? Gods be good."

"Yes. She is... unpleasant, but she is not a traitor, Lex." Stanislav frowned. "What did she do?"

"She..." Alexander began, only to avert his eyes to the floor. His throat tightened and the words were caught within. They would not come.

"She is the one who burned Baltimirzan," Saris said quietly. "She is the one..." She hugged herself tight, cold and frightened. 

Alexander wanted to hold her, to comfort her, but the voice of Stanislav drew him back to the council. "You have proof of this?"

"Yes," Brother Cyril said. "Lex asked me to look into the matter. I have concluded Karolina has not only burned a city, but she has sown seeds of discontent throughout the kingdom. If we had not noticed, at any moment, she could set the entire kingdom aflame."

"And that fire would be a beacon to the Sultan, who would strike at us even after we extended the hand of friendship." Stanislav covered his mouth and closed his eyes in thought.

"She is the one who organized the fliers we found in the city just before the festival? The Wolf will consume the Eagle?" Nestor asked.

"Across all the cities, it is the rallying cry used to incite violence against the easterners. Violence that, if left to rule, would draw the sultan in."

"She wanted us to go to war. She was trying to force my hand," Alexander said. "I could not allow it. I will not allow it." Despite his statement, he felt the shake in his voice. He felt the quiver of fear, as he realized he would soon be forced to do the unthinkable.

He would be forced to execute his brother's wife.

"...shall I prepare the gallows?" Stanislav asked. "Or did you plan to have Rudolph do the deed?"

"She will need a trial, Stan." Malmir shook his head. "We cannot have another Branimir incident. Is that not just, Alexander?"

"Lex, we still need to figure out why Emir Gazug is here," Rudolph said. "What do you want me to do about him?"

"She will be here in less than an hour," Brother Cyril repeated. "You must act, your majesty."

Alexander felt his head split open from the inside. He cradled it and leaned against the wall, as far too many questions were levied at him. He removed the unbearably heavy crown and held it against his side, so he could rub the bruised spots where it usually dug into his forehead. The only thing he could hear were the drums. They were beating so loud, so deafening, they he wanted to scream just to be heard. He was about to throw his crown against the wall.

But Saris had walked up to him. Her arms slipped beneath his own and her head came to rest on his chest. It was bold, brazen even, and everyone was silenced for yet another time. Alexander dropped his crown and held her as well, the drums slowly fading just by her presence. He felt her hair against his cheek and the warmth of her soft breathing go through his doublet. He did not want to let her go.

But he had to, as he gave the orders. "Stanislav make the throne room ready. She does not know she is being tried, nor do I intend to give her that impression. I will speak to her, with all of you in attendance."

"That is unwise. It would be best to--" Stanislav went to protest, but was cut off by Alexander's raised hand.

"That is my command," he said. "I am going to see Emir Gazug. Stanislav, Malmir, Saris; make yourselves ready and await me in the throne room. Nestor, send an escort to the gates and welcome her. Brother Cyril, go with him and keep an eye out for any trouble."

"As you say, your majesty," the monk replied and followed Nestor, after the man gave the king a salute, out of the palace. Stanislav rose and nodded his head respectfully, while Malmir made the sign of peace. Saris simply kept herself tight, until she pecked him on the cheek.

"It will be okay," she whispered. "It will be okay."

Alexander needed that, and let her go with Stanislav as he walked with Rudolph to greet Emir Gazug. True to the knight's words, the man had seen better days. He reeked of ash and sweat, along with odors most foul. His eyes were bloodshot as if he were in tears, and his turban was half-unwrapped, and trailing down one side of his disheveled face.

"Why did you make me wait?" he said immediately before Alexander could greet him. "This is a matter of grave importance!"

"Forgive me, I was locked in council. I could not--"

"By the Four, you could not?!" Gazug gripped Alexander roughly by the tunic, only to be shoved back by Rudolph.

"Cease," the knight said and readied his poleaxe. "Control yourself, emir."

"Gazug, what is wrong?" Alexander smoothed his doublet. "You look... terrible! What happened?"

"You do not know? You swear you do not know a thing?" The Caliph rose and raised a hand at Rudolph, as if to call for mercy.

"I do not know of what you speak. You have not told me!" Alexander shook his head and attempted to put a hand on the emir in comfort. It was slapped away. The man was a wreck, a mess, and was drawing attention from other in the palace. "Please, what is wrong? Let us speak somewhere more private."

"Fire... Death..." Gazug snarled and appeared to shake, his hands becoming fists. "My wife... everyone... you swear you know nothing?"

"What happened to your wife?" Alexander asked. "Gazug, sit down, please. Let me get you--"

"Tell me! Or he will come and burn this miserable city to the ground!" The emir fell to his knees and started to weep. "Fire... Fire everywhere and smoke--is that what you want!?"

"He is hysterical," Rudolph said.

"Fetch me some water," Alexander called to a shocked servant. "Water and something to eat. Now!" He knelt to try and help the weeping emir up, and walked him over to a nearby bench. He sat him down and knelt before him, just as the servant returned in haste with water and bread. The emir took it and ate, before drinking the water so fast it fell out the corners of his mouth and drenched his greasy beard.

"Fire and death," he whispered and managed to compose himself. "Alexander... did you do it?"

"Did I do what? What happened?" Alexander asked again. The sight of his friend in such a state frightened him. "Take a deep breath, and explain yourself."

The emir looked insulted by the words, but his snarl soon vanished, and his breathing slowed. It took several long minutes, but he straightened himself up and managed to speak with composure, though no small amount of malice permeated his words. "There was an attack in Kasul. Slavi, disguised as our ordinators, and burned down the Great Temple of Dhul-Kifi Ayyub with Imperial fire, and killed dozens."

Alexander felt a great heaviness assault his shoulders. Dozens, dead by Imperial fire? He could not believe what he was hearing. Nor could he express anymore sadness than what already came forth from his quivering mouth. "What? Why would they do that?"

"You ask, when they are your people?" the emir asked. He looked ready to jump again, but Rudolph growled and placated him.

"Not all Slavi are mine, and I would never condone such an immoral act!" Alexander tried to put his hand on his friend's shoulders, only to have it brushed off. "Why would you ever think that?"

"I do not," Gazug said quietly. "But Khalil does. He is marching on your city with an army! He demands the head of the one responsible." The emir took in a deep breath and shut his eyes. "You swear on your gods that you know nothing?"

Alexander paused and thought about his next words carefully. "Did you recognize anyone?"

"There was so many cries of agony, so bright the flames, I could not see." The emir ran a hand through his ragged beard. "But there was one image that remains, of a creature shrouded in darkness and standing as if they were a living shadow."

"Was it a man or a woman?" Alexander asked.

"I cannot say, for I ran back inside to protect the others." The emir started to sob into his palms. "I could not... Kharja..."

Alexander finally managed to console his friend, only briefly, with a strong squeeze to the shoulder. He turned to Rudolph, who shook his head. Neither of them knew what to say, nor could they console what was lost.

"The Wolf will consume the Eagle..." Gazug said quietly, and Alexander almost snapped his neck as he turned back to him.

"What... What did you say?" he asked.

"The Wolf will consume the Eagle. That is what the Slavi said, before they started to cut us down." Gazug said and wiped his nose. "What does it mean?"

Alexander blinked several times and pursed his lips. "I know what it means. It belongs to a group of known terrorists, fiends who attack their own kind."

"Imp-Impossible!" the emir gasped out. "You expect me to believe--"

"We believe," Alexander interrupted, "that their leader is in our custody. She is going to be here in less than an hour."

"...you have found them? You are certain?" the emir whispered.

"They were responsible for burning one of my own cities. You are welcome to stand by my side as we indict them." Alexander made the promise, and started to rise when the emir grabbed him by the sleeve.

"Who is it? Do you know?" he asked. Alexander closed his eyes, and the emir growled. "Who are they?"

"My sister in law... Karolina Lukaric." For a moment, Alexander thought the emir was going to leap up and attack him. There was a fire in those eyes, a burning hatred for his royal self and everyone who shared his bloodline. The emir wanted blood, and made such clear with a voice of tempered, burning steel.

"Execution," the emir said. "Cut off their head and give it to me!"

"If it comes to that... you have my word."

"If it comes to that?!" The emir jumped up and almost struck, but the sight of Rudolph gave him pause. As did reason, once it had sailed the tumultuous waves of emotion that dashed across the emir's face. He bowed his head respectfully, before allowing himself to be walked away by servants. But not before he said his piece, and it was no apology.

"I trust you," he whispered. "Prove it is not misplaced. Khalil will burn your city to the ground..."

"How far away is he?" Alexander asked.

"I do not know... I left minutes after the burning." Gazug shook his head, and pressed on without any further words.

Alexander watched him go with a sense of dread. "Find Nestor and tell him to send the fastest couriers to all the watchtowers along the main highway. If they see the sultan and his army cross the border, they must light the signal fires."

"What of the villages and towns on the way here?" Rudolph asked.

"Raise the levies. They must be ready to rally should the sultan attack." Alexander covered his mouth with his hand before flicking it. "Go!"

"Your will be done, your majesty." Rudolph adjusted his visor and left the king's presence.

Alexander returned to his throne room, thankfully more vacant with the renovations and most of the courtiers having left to visit their families in the lull between courtly events. It was a blessing only a few would see the most humiliating moment in his rule, and he had had many a humiliating moment.

"How is Emir Gazug?" Malmir asked, dressed in full patriarchal regalia. He kept his censer staff close, and chose only the most imposing of his robes to wear for such an occasion. "What brought him here?"

"Karolina attacked Kasul," Alexander whispered. "She burned down the Great Temple."

"Gods... She would not!" Malmir made the sign of peace and gripped his staff tighter. "She is not..."

"She is not the same, not since Milorad died," Alexander said and inhaled deeply. "Emir Gazug will be here with me. The sultan is marching on us with an army if he does not receive the head of the ones responsible."

"The sultan is coming?" Malmir asked in shock and clutched his chest as if his heart was going to burst. "We must prepare--"

"I already have," Alexander raised a hand and turned his eyes to his throne. 

"Then let us put her in the dungeon, lock her up and send forth a letter!" Malmir suggested.

"We do not know where the sultan is. We cannot risk delaying it, for hundreds could die if the sultan has already crossed the border. She needs to die, and her head needs to be delivered to him as soon as it rolls from her neck."

"By your will, your majesty." The patriarch bowed his head and took his place beside the throne.

A new throne, a throne worthy of a king. Alexander knew that, as he ran his hand over the newly inlaid diamonds, cast his eyes on the rubies that clashed with the burgundy wood and glimmering gold. A sign of his nation's wealth meant to inspire awe in those who look at it. For himself, it inspired dread and a weightiness he could not bear. Even to stand before it made him feel unworthy and weak. But he turned his eyes to the one who could inspire him, the one who stood as a beacon of radiance in this dark moment. 

Saris finished her conversation with one courtier, a woman Alexander barely recognized, and turned her eyes to him. She smiled, and all his worries melted. He returned the smile, and adjusted his crown as he sat on his throne. It felt overly large, but he straightened his back and rested his elbows on the arms, which had been fashioned into fearsome lion heads. He prayed they gave him the courage of one.

Twenty minutes had passed when everything had been put into order. The doors to the throne on opened and Nestor stepped in. He bowed respectfully, for they were in the eyes of the public and decorum came first.

"Your majesty, she is being brought to the castle now. Per your request, her companions have been detained," he said and bowed once more.

"Thank you, marshal," Alexander said. "And Brother Cyril?"

"He is at the prisons, your majesty. He is tending to his wayward... friend, that accompanied Karolina." Nestor raised an eyebrow as Emir Gazug appeared, and took his place in the gallery. The man had washed, but little else. His clothing was still disheveled, and his beard ragged and frayed, but he did not stink. It was a vast improvement, Alexander thought.

"Thank you, marshal. As to the other request?"

"Sir Rudolph informed me. It is done. A sizable force should be ready within half the day. I will ride out to meet them." Nestor rest his hand on the blade at his hip. "One final thing your grace. If I may?"

Alexander nodded his head and waved his hand. "Yes?"

"I suggest sending your guards to the courtyard. The people have gathered in great numbers at the sight of Her escort."

Alexander felt as if someone stabbed him through the stomach with a barbed lance. He gripped one of the lion heads, and whispered a silent prayer as he hoped his next words were the right ones. "Send my royal guard to maintain order. When Sir Rudolph returns, he will be enough to protect me."

"By your will," Nestor said and bowed once more before leaving. The throne room went silent, as several more minutes passed, and the doors opened once more, and forth came Rudolph and another one of his royal knights.

Between them, dressed in all black from head to toe, with only her face showing, was Karolina. She cast misty eyes up to Alexander and offered a sniffle, before covered her mouth with her hand.

"My sweet Alexander, thank you for having me escorted home. You were wise to search for me. It grows fearsome on the road, and I feared bandits or worse! I had a sensation run up my spine and elicit worry!" she said with feigned sweetness. It was the first time Alexander had ever heard how forced her proclamations were.

It was as if a veil had been pulled from his eyes, and he saw the truth. "As you have no doubt heard, these times are dangerous. Baltimirzan went up in flames."

"Oh, poor child!" Karolina turned her eyes to Saris, who looked ready to strike the woman and claw her eyes out. "I heard about it on the road. Such a travesty, a true catastrophe! I pray for those who are lost."

"You can pray for them," Alexander began, "when next you see them."

Karolina appeared to stiffen, before she turned her eyes back to the king. She poured her lips and gasped into her palms. "Your majesty! How cruel and crass!"

"Enough, Karolina," Malmir interjected. "It is over. Confess, and beg for mercy."

"Confess? But why ever should I? I have done no wrong!" She started to cry. "What would Milorad way to see me treated so!"

"Do not dare say his name," Alexander threatened as he rose. "Never will his name leave your lips again!"

"Does it upset you, to hear the name of the true king?" Karolina asked, as she wiped the corner of her eyes with her palm. "Or did you laugh when he died, and greedily eye his crown?"

"What are you suggesting?" Alexander asked. "You dare to presume—"

"That you are a betrayer of kin, and a usurper of a crown that does not belong to you." Karolina straightened her back, casting only a brief glimpse to Rudolph, who readied his poleaxe behind her. "But who could speak against you, when such a beast serves as your personal executioner? Shall he part my neck from my shoulders?"

"I did not want to be king, but the gods chose to put the crown upon my head." Alexander was digging his nails in his palm, nearly drawing blood.

"I did not know the gods were the fat pigs beside you. Nay, or your little harlot who scurries to my left. Did she whisper it in your ears the day Milorad died? Did the little snake sink her fangs into you and poison your morality?" Karolina took a bold step forward, and was immediately jerked back by Rudolph. She cried and clutched her shoulder. "You strike me?!"

"There is a wound on your shoulder," Alexander continued, paying her protest no mind. "Is there not? From your crimes in Baltimirzan?"

"Such talkative snakes, slithering about in the desert. Hissing and spewing venom, at the true queen!" Karolina pulled her hand away, now covered in blood. Her wound had been reopened. "Bastard..."

Alexander closed his eyes, a whirlwind of emotions tormenting his body as he looked at the wicked creature. But pain was what showed, pain and a sense of rage. "Red hair. At first, I did not wish to believe it. But you were sloppy." His eyes looked her up and down. "Kasul burns. Was that you as well?"

"Rot in hell, your miserable usurper. My son should be king. It is law! Your fat pigs tricked me!" Karolina extended a bloody finger. "Do you deny it?"

"You have no right to question me!" Alexander retorted in just as loud a voice. The entire throne room went quiet, save Karolina who seethed through clenched teeth. "I am king. You are my subject." He took a deep breath to calm himself, and turned to Emir Gazug. The man looked sullen, wasted by the events unfolding. But most of all, in his eyes, rested a desire for vindication. For revenge.

"Rudolph," Alexander began, "tear the robes from her body. Let us see what lies underneath."
