 Chapter I: Sharing

Mission log: mars mission, day 47

Holly rocket,

Date: 4-18-2057

It's boring and lonely on this ship. Most of the other crewmembers are succumbing to isolation sickness. With all our technology, we still cannot overcome boredom.

My name is Holly Rocket; I am 26, with red, flowing hair. This is the forty-seventh day I have been locked in this ship on its way to the red planet. It is the first manned mission to mars. After the first failed attempt decades ago, we have been ultimately experimenting and trying new ways to reach our sister planet. Every attempt has either failed, been canceled, or disappears on route. It is our job to find out why.

It is hard to maintain sanity in these metal walls, but harder on earth. The federated government of the planet earth has deemed anything enjoyable as blaspheme. The entire earth is one boring, regulated heap of dirt. I signed up for this mission, hoping for a change. All its been is one tin can of boredom.

A very liberal minded family raised me. They taught me to enjoy life, rather than be a clone. I am still a virgin (thank god) but I still get to unleash my primal urges from time to time. It might seem odd that a person like me was raised among such a moralistic, dull atmosphere, but I have kept with earth law and only experimented, and not broken my virginity yet.

On the earth, the thought of the boredom crossed my mind, but not regularly. It just lingered for a time. I talked to the mission physiologist about it. He simply told me that if I ever should become bored, just go into the thought rearrangement pod, and it would take my boredom away. Thanks, but no thanks! Whenever I go into one of those things, it felt like my brain was smashed, its pieces collected, and then stapled back together. 

So I decided I needed a second opinion. I went to Tyrell Benice, an old high-school friend. He gave up the life of a cushy, 6-number-salary FED doctor to live a life of an unaccredited, illegal drug dealer and ancient medical practitioner. He gave me a device that hadn't been used in decades. It was called a vibrator. It was a medium sized gold stick that some what resembled the male penis. He said it was a device used in the late 20th century. It apparently gave women pleasure when they couldn't find it anywhere else. It was outlawed when the federal earth government took power (apparently because of their immoral implications). At this point, I was desperate.

I was lying on the bottom bunk of me and my roommate's bunk beds. I was pretty sure her shift wouldn't be over for another two hours. So, I got into my underwear, put on my stockings (which I love to wear at any session), and pulled it out of my bag. It was still in its case, I didn't wants it lying around anywhere, so someone could find it and report me. 

I slowly opened the box and pulled out the device. It shimmered in the dark light. It was about 8 inches long, and did somewhat resemble a penis. There were indentation and ribs along the side, probably to heighten the entire experience. I knew where it went; I just didn't know how to turn it on. I took it out of the case and looked around it. I saw a button on the bottom of it. I pushed it in and the stick began to vibrate. I knew this meant it was on. So, without delay, I pushed aside the fabric under my pussy, and stuck the device inside. I made sure not to pop the cherry. The sensation was kind of dull at first. Nothing different or strange. 

Then, the feeling set in. The vibration began to stir up the liquid inside of my pussy. I could feel it bouncing and shaking. Slightly, my little cunt began to moisten. I started to lightly push the stick in and out of my pussy. Beads of sweat formed across my body. It felt like I was losing control. I bit the top of my lower lip to keep from screaming. I closed my eyes and began to fantasize. I imagined this longhaired Spaniard with a ten-inch penis. Or, my secret crush, captain Lillard, the captain of this mission. I could imagine him sitting me on his desk and pounding into me with his massive penis.

"What are you doing?"

Said a feminine voice to my left. I opened my eyes. It was Tamalia, my bunkmate. She was about my age, black, tall, with supple breasts and brownish blonde hair. Her eyes were wide in shock and her hand was over her mouth in a hushed gasped. I looked at my clock; it had been two hours already! I was so embarrassed. I quickly used my blanket to cover my body. "Go away!"

"What was that you were using?"

"Just leave me alone!"

"Is it illegal?"

I was silent. I knew she was going to report me to the captain, and then I would be suspended and thrown in prison. I began to cry a little. 

Then, I felt her lay next to me on the bunk. She took her hand and reached under to feel the slippery phallus. "Can I play with it?"

This surprised me. I always saw her as a serious person. "I guess you can." I answered back. 

"Can you show me?" She asked.

"Sure." I answered.

At that, I took the vibrator, turned it back on and told her to lie on the bed. " You have to be unclothed." I told her. 

She slowly unzipped the top of her uniform and took it off, revealing those massive, strong breasts. Her nipples were dark, almost like chocolate. 

I quickly stripped off what little clothing I had and became naked with my friend. 

I moved the vibrator down her chest slowly. I circled her left nipple with the device while I circled the other with my tongue. She closed her eyes and took a slow, deep breath as her heaved. "It feels incredible." She told me.

"You haven't even felt the greatest part." I said, as I unzipped her pants. She looked down and smiled. We both pulled her pants down, showing off those long, muscular legs. "You should feel this thing in your pussy."

I shifted under her back so she was on top of me. She spread her legs wide open. I took the vibrator, set it to its strongest setting, and slid it into her. 

"OH MY!" She uttered out as her eyes widened. She grabbed on to the sides of the mattress and held on tight. 

"Didn't I tell you it was wonderful?" I said.

"COMPUTER!" She screamed out. "LOCK THE DOOR TO THIS ROOM! DON'T LET ANYONE IN!"

"Acknowledged" the computer responded.

"I WANT TO GET TO KNOW THIS THING BETTER!"

Once I heard that, I really wanted to use this on her. I began to jab it into her violently. She let out a little grunt each time I went in. her breasts heaved up and down as I pushed harder into her. Her head went back against my shoulders as her bare backside rubbed against my naked body. "Who are you thinking about?" I asked.

"Cap…tain….Lil…Lard!" she said. "He's…buc…king…me… with…that…mam…moth…pe…nis!"

"Is it hard?!" I asked.

"Yes!…hard…hard…"

She kept repeating hard with each push I sent into her.

"Hard…hard…hard…hard…HARD…HARD…HARD! HHAAAAAAAAARRRRRDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!"

It was so intense, she came right in my hands. Her vagina contacted, sending a spasm of ecstasy over her entire body. She shook in my arms. Feeling her body convulse against mine began to get me hotter. I licked around her ears as the gooey liquid shot all over my hands. 

Her breathing calmed down. She got up and sat across from me on the bed. "So you like him too?"

"Yeah. I heard… he's a mutant. His penis…is normal size… when un-erect. But it grows as thick as a tree… when he's turned on."

"What do you think he'll do to you," I asked, "if you were with him?"

"Well," she said. "I think he'd do what we just did. Then…."

As she spoke, she moved her face closer to my crotch. " …He'd want to eat."

I opened my legs as she came closer. She pulled my panties down. "Want me to show you?"

"Yes." I said eagerly. 

With that, she started to lick my pussy lips. My pussy began to moisten again. Spreading out my vaginal lips, she pushed her tongue inside my cunt. It was so long and thin, almost like a lizards tongue. The muscles that she used to control it must have been well tuned. She wrapped it around my clitoris and almost began to pull at my little cunt, forcing me to thrust my pussy forward into her face. I open I my eyes and looked down at her. It looked as if she was pulling my pussy inside out. I closed my legs around her heads and threw my head back in a fit of passion. I was screaming at the top of my lungs 

"Oh sweetie! Oh god Tamalia! You're making me come! You're sucking your roommate off! Get me to come all over you god-dammit!"

That made her go wild in abandonment. She started humming a little, vibrating all my innards and sending a vibration through my vagina. It was too much for my little cunt to bear. As I felt her hot, flush face against sucking out my vagina against my inner thighs, I couldn't hold it much longer. 

"OOHH GOD!"

My cunt jerked and spasmed in orgasmic fury as I came all over her face. She rubbed my juices all over my thighs with her face. Feeling those hot juices against me gave me a little pre-orgasmic moan

With that, she began to rub it all over her breasts and nipples, giving a little coo as she rubbed her large areolas with her middle fingers. "Thank you, Holly." 

The entire night, we played with the vibrator. That morning, something strange happened...