 We all have those unnerving moments in life. The ones where the hair on the back of your neck stands up for no reason. Or maybe it's a shadow that slips around the corner, too fast for you to follow. Or a breath suddenly stirs the air against your ear. Did someone just whisper your name? Your usual response is to put it off as your imagination playing tricks on the gullible parts of your brain. And yet, what if there is something more to these chance encounters with the strange? I am here to tell you, there is.

I think it all began that night when my girlfriend, Valerie, came home late. Well, let's be honest, she came home late most nights, so that wasn't really all that strange. She worked at the University Library as an aide in the Special Archives Collection. You wouldn't believe the stuff they have stashed in those places. Not to mention all of work that had to be done, from what she said. That night wasn't any different; at least that's what I thought.

"Hey babe. So, how were the ol' dusty tomes? Did they behave themselves?"

"Very funny, but yes." She kissed me briefly. "We started cataloguing the pages from a 4th century text. Strangest illuminations I've ever seen. Even Dr. Gennter said they were odd."

"Oh?" I said vaguely. I was having a hard time paying attention to what she was saying. She had worn a wonderfully short, yet academically acceptable skirt today. 

"Yeah, they're terribly anachronistic. We shouldn't be seeing them in a Latin manuscript of that time." She put her purse down next to the shoe bench before sitting down."Not to mention the first translations came back with references to things that haven't ever been heard of."

She didn't seem to notice that she was giving me a perfect view of her breasts in a nice lacey number as she bent over to untie her shoes. It was one of the things I loved about her, that she seemed oblivious to how much she affected me.

"So," I started, trying to cover for my lack of attention. "What's the name of the manuscript? Is its mystery on par with the sonnets of Nostradamus?" 

"It's called the..." Valerie took off one of her boots with a grunt and flung it to the side before starting on the other one. "Sazune Moboktoi."

Just then I thought I caught a movement through the glass of the front door. Nothing was there. 

"And I know you wouldn't seriously bring up Nostra-dumb-us, so nice try." 

She wasn't quite done with the second boot, but had slipped one foot back a bit to give leverage. My eyes traced up her long thin leg until I saw a quick flash of white cloth. Such a wonderfully basic thing to see on a girl that dressed anything but.

"Sounds Japanese." I said.

"That's right." She was slightly shorter now that she lacked her boots, but as Valerie stood up, she was only a few inches under me. 

"That's just one more conundrum about it. The text is in Latin, the illuminations English, and the title and supplementary text is in Japanese."

She walked past me and hit the lights.

"Hey!" I said, "You trying to leave me on the dark?" 

"You were already there." She replied, smiling.

"Look, just because I don't get everything you do at work doesn't mean I'm dumb". 

I still felt it though. Val was too book-smart for her own good. I caught up just enough behind her as she walked up the lit stairs for her bottom to be right above my eyes, like some testament to Venus herself.

"That's true. You always seem to know what's going on in what was it? The innie 5000?" 

For once I was thankful for the long staircase. I zoomed in on the white panties she was wearing and got another pleasant surprise. The cloth had slipped slightly to the side and I could see that one crease of her womanhood had pushed its way out. I found myself lucky for two reasons right then, that my girlfriend liked to shave everything, and more importantly, I got to check the handiwork on a regular basis.

"Well now, that was below the belt. I told you those drivers are marathoners in their own right." 

The rest of the night went without any further odd events. There was some excitement though.

I had heard her get into the shower as I watched the tail-end of a rather disappointing ball game. The door opened again briefly and she through her clothes to the laundry bag. Then the door closed again. The view I got was enough to motivate me to turn off the tv and remove my own clothes. 

I opened the door and shut it quickly behind me. The steam from the shower was hot and sticky. Her form wasn't times nearly bare to me, beautiful and pale and then swallowed again by the swirling mist. I loved the clear glass panels that allowed me access to her intimate parts. Sliding the panel over I got in behind her. She was almost done with her shower and I watched as she moved the soap over her legs, bending down. What a prime position. 

"Hello, beautiful." I whispered and I gently pressed my hips upon her. 

"Needed to clean up, huh?" She asked.

"Yeah, I suppose..." I said as I put the head of my cock at the entrance of her bald pussy and pushed enough to get the ball rolling. She was already wet with excitement and it was an easy, if tight, fit. She let out a quick breath she must have been holding and pressed herself more fully onto me. 

"Oh, I get it now." She said, huskily. 

As I got into a regular rhythm of in-and-outs, her lubrication was almost too much. I stopped briefly.

"Quick, can you pee on me?" I whispered in her ear. 

"What?" She said, annoyed I had stopped pumping."Why?" 

"Just trust me." I said, giving some renewed thrusts to keep her interest.

"I...I can't when I'm having sex."

I stopped thrusting again. "How about now?"

"Let me try." Valerie said, turning her body to face me. 

She spread her lips a bit with her long fingers and looked down so she could see her urethra better. It took a minute, but then, in a torrent of almost clear liquid, she started to pee on me.

Immediately I pushed into her again, somewhat turned on by the warmth that flowed down my shaft.

"Oh." She said. 

The pee stopped briefly as she became aroused, but then continued uninterupted after that. 

It had done the trick. Enough lube had been washed away that I could feel the tug of her lips on my penis again.

We kept at it like that for awhile, my binary rhythm interrupted only by the occasional quick, hard jab.

Her breath was ragged in my ear. I felt my pleasure rising, but so was hers. It wouldn't have been a problem, but all of a sudden more lubrication streamed down from between her legs and my climax was lost. Again, I continued for a few moments but then came to a stop.

"What's wrong?" She asked.

I sighed, " I know I shouldn't be complaining about this, but I think your too lubed up."

"Man, yeah. Sorry, guess I'm just really turned on. It's feeling great today."

We laughed a bit in a kind of mutual agreement.

"I don't have any pee left either." She said. "But I do have another idea..."

"What's that?" I asked, out of ideas myself.

She didn't answer though and instead turned around and bent over. I was still confused and I watched her, curious more than anything. The shower was at my back, the water was hard and turning cold, but soon it didn't matter. I watched as she brought her fingers up to her pussy and plunged them in, sopping up as much of the lubrication as she could.

"Well I guess that will..." I stopped and watched as she then softly began to circle her anus with her now slippery fingers. "Do it." I finished.

She giggled and began to push lightly in to herself.

Val had never done this before. 

"Sure," she said as two fingers probed her anus. "It takes care of the extra lube and if you need more you can just dip back into my pussy." 

I started forward, my cock hopping a bit in anticipation.

I placed my head at the entrance to her anus, resting on the knucknuckle the fingers inside and was about to push when she said, "Uh-uh. Go into my pussy first, get some fresh lube, then go back."

I obliged and did some more quick strokes. Valerie's natural wetness was impressively thick and it coated my cock with no problem. I slipped out gingerly and repositioned myself at her other entrance. I started to push and watched as her fingers slid back into her pussy, like a bookmark keeping the place of my cock. I continued slowly and the hole gave way, letting me in tightly. I hadn't tried this before and certainly felt different, but not bad. I pumped slowly until the tightness relaxed.

"There." she said, somewhat breathlessly, and I took it as my cue to go faster.

The lube had done its job and it felt great. I was starting to reach that unstoppable plateau, when she pushed me out, "Pussy, then back in."

I groaned a bit, but did as she requested. She flexed her kegel muscles eagerly, like a sucking mouth. I pulled out again quickly and dove back into her backside. I was going hard and fast when suddenly, I couldn't hold it anymore. I let loose a torrent of seed and drove her into the wall where she had to brace herself with both arms. I pulled out and watched as she shook slightly. 

"Okay?" I panted.

"Yeah." She said, and forced my seed out in a milky waterfall. Then she peed again, this time on my feet in a wide stream. 

"I guess I did have a little left in there." She said, before we both laughed again.

"So much for washing up." I said.

"Who said you had to get clean in the shower?" she replied, with a slight smirk on her lips.