 'You idiot! You complete, irresponsible, traitorous idiot!' She could not stop berating herself as she locked the door to her chambers and slumped against the wall. She pulled her knees to her chest and hugged herself, as she tried desperately to comprehend what had just happened. 

No. She knew what had happened, she just did not want to believe it happened. She had confessed her feelings blatantly, when she did not intend to. She wanted to ask about Baltimirzan, about what she heard between Alexander and Cyril. She heard bits and pieces, but the possible truth almost made her collapse.

Instead she whined and cried, found feelings inside her that she bought long expelled, and ran away like a child unable to handle it all.

'You are a fool. A silly girl who barely leaves the comfort of her room.'

Why was she doing this to herself? It was not the most embarrassing thing she had ever done, and yet it hurt worse than any other. The only thing that challenged it was the fear she felt for her son and best friends. One of whom she would never see again, or hear him laugh and tease her.

She broke down and started to cry. She did not even have a chance to fall on her bed, too sorrowful were her gasps of air and streaking eyeliner that burned against her skin. She tried to muffle the sounds by biting on the drapery nearby. It did little, the fabric too soft to provide any resistance to her savage jerks.

In the end, she simply splayed across the floor. She looked up at the nicely decorated ceiling and blinked away consistently budding tears that attempted to blur her vision. She eventually closed her eyes entirely and let the darkness have her. She could not bear the world anymore, all its confusion and misery, all its bliss and love.

She had loved her husband. She truly did! He adored her. He made sure their son was taken care of. He always treated her fairly and never once... never once simply stayed with her. He was always touring his duchy, always busy with work and council, that he barely noticed his own son had grown to be a young man. And now, with the knowledge that every hunting trip or tour of the realm, was a moment when he clapped iron on the arms of innocent people... He put her life at risk, her future, and more importantly the future of their son. And she...

"Loved... him," Saris said to no one. Who would believe the words she did not believe herself?

She found herself at her jewelry box, under which was buried a simple silver band. She plucked it from the pile and stared at it, before she tried to slide it on her finger once more. She should never have taken it off. But she could not put it on. She lingered at the tip of her ring finger, unable to give herself that final push.

She gave a loud cry and threw the ring out the window in frustration. She covered her mouth in shock, widened her eyes, and sat on her bed. She simply looked out into the evening sky, to the vast and brightened city that lingered beneath her window.

You shame women who dream to reach so high. She settled on being a duchess, because Baltimirzan was the farthest from the palace and thus farther from Alexander. She wanted him to fall on his knees and beg her to stay--or did she leave because she feared him and of what he could do so easily when he was angry or slighted. How could a man who ordered the murder of dozens be a good father?

Better a murderer than a slaver, Saris thought, and cursed at herself for even making the comparison. They were completely different sins. Not to mention Branimir did not keep a known monster as company, nor did he ever call someone who kills with ease his best friend. Although it was that same monster who saved her from being killed or worse. If he had not arrived, those thugs might have slit her throat and left her dead. She would never be able to hold her son again, or see her friends' smiles. To die was to leave everything behind, just as Amur did.

Amur. She would never see him again. They would never share a meal together or throw a clever jab at what they were wearing. He was one of her only friends, aside from Irene, and now he was gone. She was a child when it came to death, and started to cry like one.

You can do so much good. Why did she ever agree to come to Lukastan? She should have been firm and shut out the opinions of those who had nothing to do with her decision. They had no place in meddling with the affairs of her heart and mind. But there was one who swayed her, and one who assisted in the suppressed feelings she had almost forgotten. Her son, Visarion.

She did not remember falling asleep, but she stirred as a knock came from the door. Groggily, and uncaring of her disheveled gown, she pressed her forehead to the door. She meant to grab the handle, but could not find the energy.

"Saris?" Alexander called from beyond the door. "Saris, are you well?" She did not respond. She simply turned around and slumped against the door. She banged her head twice on the wood, and shut her eyes tight. "I... hope I did not upset you. I hope I am not the cause of your grief."

Grief. "You are only partly to blame. The other to blame is myself," she replied through the door. "I am... confused. I do not know what I say."

There was a brief pause, before the king's voice spoke once again through the door. "So, what you said was... not true?"

He was giving her an out. Something to help allay her fears. But she could not do that to him. Her heart told her not to, even as her mind screamed for her to do so. "No. It was true. As true as the door that separates us."

"That can be remedied, if you opened it."

"If I open the door," Saris said, "then everything I fear will be true. Everything I told myself for the past sixteen years will melt away. My marriage. My friends. Every choice I have made... it will mean nothing if I open this door."

There was another silence. "I never wanted to hurt you, Saris," the king said. It was not the answer she wanted.

"I want you to care!" Saris cried out and rose. She turned to the door and smacked it, as if it were Alexander himself. "I want you to break this door down and demand it! I want you to prove you love me. I have always wanted that!"

"...prove to you?"

"Can you be so dense? Yes. Proof! I want more than words. I wanted you to fall on hand and knee and beg me to stay, but you did not. I wanted you to ride into Baltimirzan on my wedding day and snatch me away, but you did not. I wanted you to command me to be yours, to see the love in your heart manifest. I wanted that for sixteen years, Alexander!" Saris was screaming by now, and threatened to wake the entire palace. But she wanted to him to hear it. She wanted him to understand.

"I do not understand," Alexander said. "You told me you wanted to stay away. You told me you could not love someone who you viewed as a murderer!"

"But I wanted you to deny me that. I wanted you to beg me, and tell me you would change. I did not even care if you would or would not--but I wanted you to prove it to me!" Saris cried.

"That is not what you said!" Alexander stated behind the door. "You told me to leave you alone, to never try to contact you! I still have that letter, Saris!"

"You do not understand a thing about women!" she replied.

"Because the only woman I wanted to understand was you!" he proclaimed.

Saris froze. In her heart she believed him. She wanted to force open that door and fall into his arms--but she could not. It was too much, and this door was the only thing keeping her existence secure. She could not dare herself to open it.

"What would you have had me do? Deny you? Saris, I never denied you!" Alexander continued. "What kind of man would I have been to deny your requests? Do you really think me someone to force a woman to do anything she does not want?"

"I wanted proof!"

"What proof could I give but my own word, and stay true to who you know me to be?" Alexander cried. "Open the door, Saris!"

"I cannot!" 'Everything will come apart if I do.'

"Saris, open!"

"No!"

There was a silence after her final proclamation. She could hear him breathing beyond the door, just as a thud was heard against the wood. It sent shivers down Saris' spine, as did the firm voice that spoke next.

"I am your king, Lady Ancyzra," Alexander said. "Open the door. Now."

It was the first time Saris had heard him speak to her in such a way. It was stronger than usual, more forceful, and it was one she could not deny. Slowly she unlocked the door, pulled at the handle, and opened it wide to the slightly irritated king. Her legs quivered, and a gentle jolt of perverse pleasure shot up her spine.

"Your grace," she said and stepped to the side. She shut the door behind him and locked it, before slowly turning to face him. She prayed her heart would stop beating so rapidly, because she did not know if it was excitement or fear.

"Now we can talk. That door was no way to handle this..." Alexander said.

"Curse?" Saris asked.

"Is love a curse?" Alexander replied.

"Right now, I think it is." Saris laced her fingers together. "It torments me. It torments you. I do not know what to do!"

"What makes you think I know?" Alexander asked. "What makes you think I have any notion?"

The duo simply stared at one another. What could they say? What could she say? Saris wanted to cry, and almost did so, because it was the only option she felt she had control of. Every other part of her; her mind, her heart, her body and soul, revolted against her and pulled in several directions.

"I have never felt so helpless," she finally said. "I am frightened."

"What are you frightened of?"

"I am frightened of you." Saris took in a deep breath. "Not because of what you have done, or what you will do, but because of what loving you means to me." She took him by the hand and squeezed. "If I love you, if I bear my heart to you and let you fulfill my soul... what does that say about me?"

"You wanted me to be firm. What else can I do?" Alexander cupped her cheeks, and it felt right for him to do so. "What will any of this say about you?"

"You killed my husband, and yet my heart aches to be with you. You made me a widow, and I fancy the idea of being yours. The gods curse me with shame!"

"I cannot change the past," Alexander said. "But I do not care what the gods think of us, as long as I have you." He tried to embrace her.

"And what will they say?" Saris pulled away. "What will the people say when they see us in each other's arms? You should have told them the truth!"

"If I did, you and your son would be banished or executed!" Alexander tried to steady her. "I could not do that to you. Ever."

"It portrays you as a tyrant! I would never wish to see you unhappy!"

"You enigmatic woman! Everything I did was for you!" Alexander let her go and stepped back, as his crown fell off his head and clanged against the floor in their yelling. The sound brought a silence that deafened the room.

For a long moment, the pair simply stood before one another, staring at their feet, then the other's feet, and finally back to each other. What was there to say? What more could be laid bare? What could either of them do to make sense of this moment? Saris did not know, and she sat on her bed. Alexander sat beside her, and she put her head on his head It felt good, and she could hear his heart beat rapidly.

"...I know about Karolina," Saris whispered. She did not feel him pull away from her, as her arms hugged him to her own body. "She whispered something in my ear, that shook me to my very soul." She turned her eyes to him, settling them on that smooth chin and pursed lips. "I want the truth, from your own mouth."

"...and what will informing you of what you already know accomplish?" Alexander asked. "It will only make you hate me, because everything is my fault. Every problem in the kingdom exists because I am a failure."

"You are not a failure," Saris whispered. "You are a king. You are flawed as any man." You have borne this alone... when I should have been by your side.

"What do I do?" Alexander asked as tears formed at the corners of his eyes and his breath became haggard. She heard the pain in his admission, the pain of a conflicted man. "How do I execute my brother's wife? A woman I love as my own sister? The mother of... his son. My nephew, innocent in all of this... the last piece of Milorad on this earth..."

Saris squeezed him tight as he began to sob. She wept with him, as so often their bond did make her. They were one, they had been long before this, and only now did she realize it. It was cruel what the gods inflicted upon him, when all he did was try his best and do what is right. She wished she could wash it all away, make him feel joy and happiness once more. But she knew not what she could do, and so they simply held one another and survived the emotions that came like a sandstorm upon the dunes and scattered everything good and innocent in its path.

An hour or two must have passed, as the moon changed its position in the night sky. Alexander's doublet was disheveled and damp, while Saris' hair was a mess and her gown fell off half her body. The crown of Svetirat sat on the floor where it fell, untouched. Neither of them had the courage to place their hands on it.

"It is the king's crown," Saris said.

"But I am not worthy of it," Alexander replied.

"...no one is." Saris slipped off the bed and picked up the metal thing, and ran her fingers over the gems and the engravings. It was a beautiful piece, and surprisingly light to hold. She expected it to be heavy, as a crown often is. "But you try... You try so hard."

Alexander was in shock as she put the crown on his head. She moved several locks of hair out of his face, tucked them behind his ears, and kissed his forehead. Her lips lingered for longer than was appropriate, much to the dismay of her mind.

"...you would have been an amazing queen," Alexander said as he rose. He walked slowly to the door, and appeared to have trouble opening it.

"Is this... are we done?" Saris asked.

"What more can we do or say?" Alexander asked. "This door is locked tight... Why is it not opening?"

'Perhaps the gods are saying something.' Saris bit her lower lip and turned around. Her heart was threatening to rip from her chest, as a sensation of weakness--of longing for something or someone--chased up and down her spine.

'You killed my husband,' she thought as she pulled his hands away from the door and into her own. She let forth a soft breath as his hand cupped her cheek and wiped away a single tear with his thumb.

'You tormented my heart.' She whimpered as their lips met for the first time in sixteen years. He tasted different than before. They had both aged since then, so it surprised her little. But he was better at this time, and she knew a trick or two of her own.

'Your family burned down my home in hate.' She walked with him to the bed, and accepted his hands upon her body. He was rough against her skin, but she welcomed it. She had only ever felt wrinkled hands worn by time.

'You sat by my side, when I was broken.' She felt the top of her gown unlace as she lifted the crown off his head and set it gently to the side. A king's crown need be cushioned, but her nightstand would do, next to the half-melted candle of scented wax.

'I am so frightened of you, and those around you.' She unbuttoned his doublet and helped him out of it, as his beardless lips caressed her skin. He had very little hair on his chest, which allowed her to follow the muscles that formed on his body. He had grown stronger since she last saw him naked.

'I should hate you. I should want to see you suffer.' She squeezed her thighs shut as his hand was guided there, only gently opening them as he helped her pull off her undergarments. She watched the dampened things fall to the floor, and felt her thighs spread with his aid.

'You abandoned me.' She unlaced his trousers and accepted his shadow above her. She forgot how good her hair felt against the nakedness of her back, and how good it felt to have another man on top of her with eyes of longing.

'Everything that ails this kingdom, is because of you.' She gasped his name as they joined as one. She liked the way his breath felt against her ear, and accepted the gentle pace he set. He was the perfect size, just as she imagined it. They belonged together.

'You will never change.' He whispered her name as he started to push deeper. It made her eyes almost roll back. It had been too long since she felt like this. She felt her heart race, her body grow warmer and her mind turn to water. She cried out his name, just as he cried out hers.

'...why do I still love you?' She had never wanted to kiss another man as much as him. Even after they had both finished, they remained in their embrace. Her tongue found his, and together they wove a beautiful dream worthy of blissful sleep.

'I am sorry, Branimir. I am sorry, Visarion. I am sorry... everyone...'

***

Alexander stared up at the canopy of his steward's bed. He had fallen asleep with her, naked beneath the silks, but roused himself from slumber against his will. Perhaps it was to watch her, to see her dainty nose flare as she breathed softly against his chest. How long had he been running his fingers through her soft hair, and toyed with the split ends?

He had felt torment when she confessed she knew the truth. He nearly collapsed then, wanted to leap from the window to save himself the grief. But she had stayed with him, and rode the tumultuous beast that was his heart. She truly did love him.

He dared not disturb her, so he slowly escaped the weight of her and slipped out of the bed. He clothed himself in silence, often turning back to make sure she still slept. Foregoing his doublet, he walked out of her room shirtless, and quietly walked down the hall to the royal wing of the palace. He was silent, not even wearing his shoes so his feet made no sound against the carpet. He knew where the door was and went to open it.

"Welcome back, Lex," Rudolph said and stepped out of the shadows. The king stumbled back and hit the wall, dropping his shoes and sending a 'thud' echoing down the hall. "You were gone late."

"You do not always need to be near me," Alexander replied. "But you knew where I was, did you not?"

"When I found her door locked, I knew it to be so." Rudolph opened the door to the royal bedchambers. "Good for you."

"...I burst into tears with her."

"And she still wanted to sleep with you?" Rudolph chuckled. "She really does love you."

"Need you be so sarcastic?"

"It is late, and I have been prowling the halls like Cyril on any given day." The knight took a seat on a nearby chair and leaned forward. His poleaxe rest against the wall, and his helmet was set on the floor.

"I should go to sleep," Alexander said.

"Do you not wish to talk of it?" Rudolph asked. When the king was silent, the knight chuckled once more. "I imagined you would. Was it everything you hoped for?"

"Better," Alexander said. "It was... as if two souls were conjoined at last, after being departed for so long."

"I am happy for you," Rudolph said. "I may not like her... but your happiness supersedes that." He shifted on the chair.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Alexander asked.

"Because you just had sex, and your shoulders are sagging. Your head looks heavy, and not because of the crown you forgot in her room."

The king reached up to touch bare tresses. He had indeed forgotten it. "Damnit."

"The least of my worries. What troubles you, Lex?" Rudolph asked. "You have been that way since you spoke with Cyril."

"You complained about Saris spying," Alexander replied.

"She is nosy. I am observant." Rudolph rose and adjusted his breastplate. "So I ask again; what troubles you?"
