 The adventures of... The Sassy Dread Space Pirate, Stephanie!

The solar wind fluttered through the chestnut locks of the sassy dread space pirate, Stephanie. Her silken hair framed her angelic face like shining wings. She raised her flashing vibro-rapier in mock salute to her erstwhile opponent, the handsome Space Captain Carr, who climbed up the nano-rope rigging toward his beautiful prey.

Her billowing skirts revealed her sensuous creamy legs to the advancing Space Captain. She noticed, even in the heat of battle he could not help but admire her beauty. She laughed and swung her vibro-rapier slicing through the nano-ropes, sending her opponent tumbling to the kevlar canvas below.

She leaped into the emptiness of space, slowly falling toward her nemesis. Just as he regained his footing and prepared for her assault, she grabbed a nano-rope and flew around him like a great solar avian. She dropped to the adamantite deck behind the dazed Captain.

"Have you lost something," the sassy pirate taunted, her creamy breasts heaving beneath a burgundy astro-silk corset. She struck with her vibro-rapier and sliced through the Captain's dark blue kevlar great coat, sundering in twain.

He turned as the garment fell to the deck, a wry smile upon his face. He drew his vibro-saber and saluted his rival. "I have sought you out, you sassy temptress! This galactic day I shall end your reign of vice and you shall feel the full thrust of my justice."

The dread pirate laughed and raised her weapon is salute. "It is you, my nemesis, who shall fall before my lashing bite." She lunged forward, vibro-rapier intended to the man's heart. 

At the last moment the goodly Captain parried her lunging attack and spun around her, his vibro-saber slashing through her skirts. He admired her long luscious legs as the length of her frock slowly fell away, her maidenhood veiled only by a sheer, stelar-satin panty. His eyes darkened and he steeled his nerves to do what must be done.

"No, my lovely foe, here, in this Nebula of Venus, you have met your match. You shall impale yourself upon my mighty sword."

He slashed and ripped, advancing quickly upon the striking queen of the space seas. Yet she managed to spin and dodge his every thrust, gaining new freedom unrestrained by her skirts. Her own vibro-blade found its mark across his chest, shredding the white astro-silk shirt from his becoming frame.

He somersaulted through the space and landed upon a steel barrel. His bared chest heaving from the epic battle.

The comely lass admired the fine lines of the man's form, but knew his lethal intentions were hidden behind his attractive mask. She laughed in challenge and raised her vibro-rapier. "You will have to show me, handsome Captain, just how mighty your sword is."

The two opponents lunged at one another sensing the moment was in hand. Each knew instinctively that this final thrust would bare their rival to the only possible conclusion. Vibro-blades danced and parried kissed flesh and kevlar cloth. The two players danced in the deadly game. The passions burned all the brighter as garments were shed and sweat flowed.

At last they lunged for the telling blow!

Their vibro-blades parried their kisses of finality, and soon each was looking the other in the eye.

Space Captain Carr realized his dire position. The sassy pirate had pierced through his trousers, her vibro-blade searing the flesh of leg. A twitch of her hand would cost him his leg. Or worse, his manhood!

And yet, the beautiful Pirate Stephanie became aware of her own precarious position. The handsome Captain's vibro-saber had rent her through her corset, his throbbing blade burning against her heart. A twist of his hand and he would penetrate her heart, or worse her breasts!

The two stared at one another and each moved in the flash of a supernova.

The two retreated their blades. Hers, severing the last of his kevlar trousers. His ripping away her astro-silk corset. The two foes stood bared to one another and lowered their weapons.

Sassy Stephanie admired her rival's masculine body and cocked her eyebrow. "Should I leave you, handsome Captain, with one last blow," she asked with a wry grin.

His eyes feasted upon her feminine figure. His own mighty sword rising in admiration of her beauty. "I told you, my beauty, you would be impaled upon my mighty sword."