 It had been some time since the city was internally under siege, and Saris still had not recovered from it. Bruises lined her bodies beneath the gossamer silks that fluttered about her form, and special padding was applied to the glimmering corset as it pressed against her ribs and beneath her breasts. Her hair had been let down and adorned with a veil, which hid the worst of her trials.

But through such trials she found love, or something close to it. She had stood against darkness and persevered, as well and conquered her greatest fear and attained her most longed for goal. It still surprised her when he looked at her ring, the silver band of a duchess now replaced with the golden band of a queen. Or queen to be. It matched the bracelet given to her by the emir, which she wore as proudly as any other adornment she owned. It reminded her of one of two men who believed in her, and gave their lives for her.

"You would look better with a hint of blush," one of the servants said, pulled down the bodice to evenly align with her breasts.

"I am too old to blush for a wedding. It is not my first time," Saris replied and tilted her head to the side as a servant rubbed sweet smelling oil into her skin. She grunted as the dull throb of a bruise ran up her flesh.

She had been stuck in the palace for nearly three hours getting ready. Almost everyone she knew had gone to the cathedral to take their place or perform the rituals necessary of a royal wedding. She was informed her son and his entourage had arrived with another group of nobles from the various holdings throughout the realm. Tamari and her kin were there, one of them hanging off her son's arm as he doted on her.

"Tamari won. In less than a month, I imagine my son will be married," Saris told herself in En'ish as she was draped with the royal shawl of the betrothed. The symbols of her original namesake, the Coptics, crossed the garment beautifully. Alexander would remove it from her head and lay it on their hands before they made their vows. She did the same with Branimir.

"Now who could that be," one of the servants asked as they headed to the door, responsive to the loud series of knocks. "Her grace is not to be seen at the moment."

"I watched her being born, I think I can see her in her wedding gown," called a familiar male voice from beyond the door. Saris knew who it was, and gave permission for it to open.

He was a handsome man, if a bit thicker around the stomach. His shoulders were broad, his hands raw from years of swordplay and his beard had finally grown sizable enough to where he could style it. She remembered the first time he said he wanted a beard. That was almost two decades ago, but she had never lost touch with him. His letters were common every few months.

"You have gotten fatter," Saris commented and approached the man. She embraced him tight and he returned it.

"Well, I've had several children. You have had only one," he replied.

"Women tend to round with kids. Men stay fit, as to keep their wives happy." Saris smiled at her older brother. "I am glad you could make it, Ivan."

"I would not miss it. I attended your last one too." He chuckled and adjusted her veil. "You were as beautiful then as you are now. Probably a bit thinner then."

"Shut up," Saris replied and jabbed him gently in the side. "You are the one who rounded out." 

Despite the banter, the siblings were delighted in one another. There was a small age gap between them, roughly six years, but the baron barely held it against her. It was not her fault she was born later.

"Are you nervous?" he asked. "I am supposed to give you away, since I am the oldest of our line."

"The last Coptics?" Saris asked.

"We have a few cousins and such, but the future is my six little young ones."

"Six? That many?" Saris furrowed her brow. "You had five last I received your letter."

"A year ago?" the baron replied and chuckled. "Her name is Olivia."

"A beautiful name." Saris found herself smiling. "Did you bring her?"

"No. I brought Katja and Lea."

"The twins?" Saris asked. "Planning to find them husbands?"

"Not all Coptics get to end up a queen. They are both fourteen. It is the perfect time to arrange something." Ivan pursed his lips and crossed his arms. "But I am proud of you. You deserved to be queened the day they crowned him."

"I made a mistake. Hopefully now I can remedy it." Saris smiled. "And I will do my best for the kingdom."

"Please do." The baron embraced his sister once more. "I am sorry about Baltimirzan. Is Visarion okay?"

"He is fine," Saris said and pursed her lips. "In fact, I think he might be the next one to marry."

"Oh?" Ivan chuckled. "I will look forward to it then."

The bell rang from beyond the window, and Saris pushed her brother out of the room to finish getting dressed. Another ten minutes, and she wore the full regalia of marriage. A colorful coat over loose gossamer white silks that hung off her shoulders. She gave herself one final look in the mirror, and returned to the door to take her brother's arm. He escorted her out of the palace to the royal litter, escorted by the newly named Knights of Krupple. Before they had simply been 'the king's bodyguard'. But their late captain deserved such an honor to be remembered for his service.

Saris felt a bit melancholy as one of the towering suits of armor helped her into the carriage. 'Take care of him. If you do not, I will be back.' "I never had the chance to apologize to you," she whispered to the knight as the door shut and the litter mobilized.

Due to the extravagant sums of gold flowing into the kingdom monthly, the entire city was alive with celebration and almsgiving. A large sum was divided among every adult citizen in the city according to their needs, along with reparations for those who petitioned for damages caused Karolina's revolt. It was barely a dent in the royal treasury, which allowed for several new improvements to the kingdom itself. Decrepit castles were being rebuilt and handed out to the nobles along the borders, taxes were reformed under Saris' eyes and trade had tripled with several new agreements across the sea to the middle kingdoms and natively. The newly organized caravanserai along the highways eased the flow of goods from the nomads deeper in the desert, and the tax on prostitution helped curb young women from pursuing the trade, and searching for jobs in the city. Overall, the health of the kingdom was on the rise. And within a few hours, it would have a new queen to help govern it all.

The road leading to Mor Sophia had been blocked off to allow the procession access without hindrance, though the commoners came out to wish their soon to be queen goodwill. They cared not for her past with the king, nor did they scorn her as she feared. They cared about the good times ahead, and Saris learned that was the best way to keep them orderly. With the improvements to floodplain irrigation, the output of the farmers was doubled, and thus more could be sold, and the kingdom could never fear a shortage of food. That was why she did not mind the amount of people who watched her. It meant everything was going well.

The litter stopped and the door to the carriage was opened. Saris stepped out with the assistance of the knights, expertly hiding her face with the veil. It was improper for a bride to show her face before seeing her husband in front of the gods. Thankfully, years of this inane practice led to a special veil that hid the face, but allowed perfect sight for the wearer. She was able to walk with grace and impress all who gazed upon her. So many who gazed upon her.

The Knights of Krupple kept their poleaxes read, one side adorned with the sigil of House Lukaric, and the other with the sigil of House Coptic. The minor nobles and courtiers who had come for the wedding were behind that, clamoring among themselves as Saris walked on the lightly strewn petals plucked from desert roses. It was Alexander's tease, and she found herself blushing as her slipper-clad feet passed over them and she stood before the large door of the cathedral. Ivan was already there, extending his arm for her.

"It is time," he said.

"It is," Saris whispered as the doors opened and they walked inside.

The carpet made no sound, or if it did it was drowned out by the chanting and hymns sung by the expansive choir on each side of the gallery. The attendants in the pews all stood, many of whom Saris did not know. Nobles from the various holdings, distant relatives of the dukes--it was not until she reached the first five rows did she place names to faces. All three dukes were present, surrounded by their immediate families and favored courtiers. Duke Azzony stood with his wife and his two sons, followed by Tamari, who smirked knowingly at Saris. Next to him was Duke Feodor and his wife, with one of his daughters and his son. But the third duke sat in the front row, beside his doted-on lover and Saris' twin nieces. Visarion kept a tight jaw, but his usual dour expression was replaced with placid mirth. He looked so handsome in his doublet, and ever manly with a beautiful woman attached to his arm. Even though Saris still saw her as a little viper, she respected that she made her son happy. What more could a mother ask for?

Stanislav and Nestor sat on the opposite row, one that should have been filled with those related to the Lukarics. But it was a sad testament to the house's future, with only Dragos among its number. He remained stoic, but Saris could see the pain in his stance and the guilt that weighed down his eyes. The poor boy suffered, and nothing could heal that.

But all those feelings washed away as Saris reached the altar, and relinquished her brother's arm. She took three steps upwards, and took the extended hand of her groom. Alexander wore the finest of his royal regalia, with a large cloak of the kingdom's banner draped about his shoulders. It widened him, broadened his shoulders and made him appear insurmountable. But she knew him well enough to gently squeezed his hand, as both turned to the appointed priest, who made the sign of peace over both of them.

"In the eyes of the Great Wolf, and the eyes of Mother Layla, Father Perunn, Father Veles, and all their angels who look down from heaven, we are gathered here today to join Lady Saris Coptic and King Alexander Lukaric II in holy union." The priest cleared his throat and extended his hands. "It was Mother Layla who bore man and woman, and it is through her birth that we are destined to unite once more, in body and soul, in flesh and bones. So, it has been written--"

Saris had heard all of this before, and so her mind wandered. She remained straight backed and regal, but she thought of Malmir, who was too sick to perform the service. What happened in the city, and the death of so many, had taken its toll on the older man. Saris had never seen him return to council after that day. Matters of state were handled by his aide, a boy named David, who never looked pleasant when asked about the patriarch. The council had prepared for the worst, ready to lose another member when the gods decided to take him.

"Saris Coptic," the priest said and drew her mind from the somber thoughts. "Do you, in truth and under the gaze of the gods, choose to take Alexander Lukaric, king of Svetirat, as your husband? To stay by his side, should illness or misfortune befall him, until death severs your bond?"

"I do," Saris replied without hesitation.

"Alexander Lukaric," the priest said and turned to the king. "Do you, in truth and under the gaze of the gods, choose to take Saris Coptic, former duchess of Baltimirzan, as your wife? To stay by her side, should illness or misfortune befall her, until death severs your bond?"

"I do," Alexander replied in earnest.

"At this time, the groom shall withdraw the veil from his wife-to-be and reveal her to us and the gods, as a woman reborn through his love." The priest made the sign of peace once more and bowed his head as the two royals turned to one another.

Saris gasped as the veil was pulled from her face and hair. Despite her comment earlier, she was indeed a blushing bride. She watched Alexander lay the veil over their joined hands, and soon he removed the sash from his belt to drape it as well. The fabrics were one, his sigil and hers entwined together. Her heart was pounding, as she felt the heat rise from her chest.

"Before we join these souls in matrimony, they will recite their vows to one another." The priest flicked a few drops of blessed water on the joined fabrics. "As is custom, the king shall speak first."

"Saris," Alexander began, and cleared his throat. "For nearly a week, I thought of what I would say, and how I would say it. For nearly sixteen years I..." He paused and cleared his throat once more. "I waited for the right moment to tell you this. In all my life, there has never been a woman who inspired me so just by being in my life. No other makes me feel as if I could conquer the world, nor does another brighten my heart as you do when you smile. I vow to stand before the gates of hell, in defiance of the torturous demons and devils that dwell within, and never renounce my love for you."

Saris felt the corner of her eyes grow misty. It was simple and beautiful, and her words were caught in her throat. She placed a hand above her breast and tried to speak. She could feel the confused eyes on her, including Alexander's. What was stopping her? She knew what to say, she knew that she wanted to say it, but she could not!

"Lady Coptic?" the priest asked in a whisper. "Are you ill?"

"Saris?" Alexander asked. "It is okay."

"It... is not okay," she managed to whisper, before she cleared her throat. "Alexander, for years I knew not what I wanted. In truth, I never did. I was aimless, and tied my soul to another in foolishness and the promise of safety. It was a prison, but with their parting I was free... but I was aimless once more. I did not know what to feel, or how to express, or to reciprocate the love you offered. I still do not."

The onlookers began to whisper, the priest looked confused, and Alexander looked as if he were stabbed. Saris locked her eyes with his, and her quivering lips pulled back into a smile. The entire cathedral appeared to lean forward, unable to draw their eyes away from what everyone believed was about to fail.

"Saris--" Alexander whispered, as she put her free hand's finger to his lips.

"I do not know how to reciprocate that love, because it is more than I deserve," she spoke softly and pulled her finger away. "I am an aimless soul, but you are my anchor in this sea of confusion. When the world unravels, you are the one who stands beside me. When the gates of hell opened before me, you stood in its path because you loved me. I vow to repay you, to never leave your side and to give you my heart. My body and soul will forever be yours, and I will never renounce my love for you. Even if the gods themselves cast me into the fires I will not feel the flames, for my love for you burns brighter than them."

What happened next was something never to be done, something that brought a pained silence from the crowd. Saris kept her lips locked with Alexander's own for longer than was necessary, before finally pulling them away. No one said a word, or took a surprised breath. It was as if the world had frozen itself in time. She was okay with that, because it meant her husband's bashful and confused smile would never leave his handsome face.

"I... believe the vows have been made?" the priest asked and looked to the king, who nodded his head quickly when asked a second time. "Very well." He cleared his throat once more and spoke against the painful silence. "The vows have been made, and their love fulfilled. In the eyes of all of us who bear witness to this union, and the gods who cast their gaze down upon us, I hereby unite Alexander Lukaric and Saris Coptic in body and soul. May their vows persist until they depart this world, and stand together in matrimony before the Great Wolf."

The veil and the sash were taken from the still tightly bound hands of Alexander and Saris, and hung above an icon of the Great Wolf, whose yellow eyes bore through the golden iconography. The attendance in the crowd were still, confusion on their faces at what had occurred. But then there was a single clap, followed by another, and soon thunder rolled throughout the cathedral as the crowd applauded their king and new queen.

Saris could not hide her blush, nor could she turn her eyes away from Alexander. They both placed their hands on each other's cheeks, and simply stared. Even after the clamor had died and the priest cleared his throat to draw their attention, they were reluctant to pull away.

"King Lukaric, it is time," he said and stepped back.

"Right... Yes." Alexander slipped his hand out of Saris' own and stepped up to the altar. Beneath the fluttering veil and sash rest a single object sought by many. It rested on a purple pillow embroidered with gold, and a reverent whisper spread through the crowd as the king raised it high. "Saris Lukaric, please kneel."

She did as he asked in front of everyone and despite the tightness of her dress. She bowed her head in deference, as she was approached not by her husband, nor her friend--but her sovereign. Her heart was pounding, the love she bore replaced by growing anxiety. She never imagined she would hear the words.

"Do you, Saris Lukaric, first of your name, promise to uphold the honor of Svetirat? Do you swear to enforce its laws, care for its people as if they were your own kin, stand in its defense, bear heirs in its name and never renounce your allegiance to it?" Alexander repeated the words Saris had heard once before, if varied due to their different genders, two decades ago.

"I do, King Lukaric," she replied.

"By the power granted to me by the gods, I, Alexander Lukaric II, crown Saris Lukaric as Saris Lukaric I." 

The crown slipped onto her black tresses easily, as if it belonged there. Saris was surprised, expecting it to be heavier. She rose slowly and took in a deep breath, as Alexander handed her a thin scepter. She squeezed it tight, and turned her back to him, as he draped her with the queen's shroud.

"All hail Queen Saris Lukaric, sovereign of Svetirat! Long may she reign!" Alexander's voice echoed throughout the cathedral, and the crowd followed it after but a moment.

All hail Queen Saris Lukaric, sovereign of Sevtirat! Long may she reign!

Saris nearly collapsed at the immense weight of that crown as it finally settled upon her head. Or was is merely the buckling of her legs as she realized this was not a dream?

**

The palace was packed wall-to-wall with courtiers and visitors from across the kingdom and beyond. Saris almost believed the news of a riot had never touched the ears of some, who meandered about the palace with enthusiasm to meet the newest of the royals. Several people who spoke too fast for her ears to pick up kissed her hand and praised her, before speaking to Alexander positively about the union. None dared to bring up the fact he had made her an eligible spouse in the first place.

"May your union be blessed with many children," Saris repeated when she was finally allowed to enjoy herself at her own wedding. Alexander had gone off to do his kingly duties for the guests, so she went to visit those most important to her that had come to see her.

"Hello, mother," Visarion said as he stood stiffly in his doublet. He allowed himself a moment to embrace her, while Yennefer stood less than half a foot away, and curtsied when she was mentioned. "You remember Lady Yennefer?"

"Congratulations on your wedding and coronation, Queen Saris," the blonde bowed her head and giggled sickeningly sweet.
