 It was finally over, and Alexander felt no kinglier than he had when the entire city nearly went up in flames. In fact, he felt like jumping off the nearby ravine, as the wind blew sand on the back of his doublet and made the tents around him flap loudly to the sound of horses stamping their hooves. It was the sound of a king's peace, or at least another moment to prove his failure as king.

The city had been saved, but at a great cost. Even after the prison had been overrun and subdued, with all the perpetrators immediately executed, the city was in chaos. The people were afraid as their buildings burned from where Lysander had planted Imperial fire, and thus the commoners turned on one another. It took three days to set things right, and it was three days Alexander mourned. Firstly, for his people, second for his kingdom, and finally for those closest to him. It broke his heart, and he doubted the city would recover easily from such a loss.

Saris returned to the palace covered in blood and bruised. She would not wake, and for a moment Alexander thought she was dead. But soft, ragged breaths came from her nose, and her eye fluttered for a moment as she squeezed his hand weakly. His knights carried her away to be tended to, while others commanded their fellows to haul in two more corpses.

Emir Gazug lay at peace, with a smile parting his beard. The corner of his eyes were dry from where tears had fallen. No doubt in joy, as he was reunited with his wife once again. He was stripped and wrapped in the finest outfit Alexander could find. He was sent back to the sultan in a simple casket, along with the head of Karolina.

But what truly broke Alexander's heart, more than he was able to express, was Rudolph. The giant knight, once a bastion of invincible might and a complex soul, was lifeless and gone from this world. He looked so small when they removed his armor and cleaned his corpse, and dressed him in the king's colors. They could not lift him in his armor, nor did Alexander want his friend trapped in a suit of iron. The ceremony was quick and private, before the body was interred into the crypts to lay with those who had come before.

"He had no other family but me. He deserves this," Alexander told Saris, as she held his hand shortly after the ceremony. He needed her, and she knew it.

Such had been the weeks since then, and now Alexander was to sit in a tent once more with the men who set him up for such failure. The sultan demanded more than just Karolina's head. He demanded reparations for the suffering of his people, concessions for the failed attempt to uphold the original truce agreed at the last talks—among other things.

Alexander hated it. He cursed and picked up a nearby rock, throwing it down the ravine. He wished it was himself, but he could not find the courage to replace it.

"Ten more minutes, and they finish their prayers. Then comes the talks," Saris said as she walked up behind Alexander. He turned to face her, and offered his best smile.

"Ten minutes, and then I get to prove how terrible a king I am once again?" he asked.

"You will have me by your side," Saris said. "Together. I will support you."

"You do not have to do this. You are my steward, not my diplomat." Alexander chuckled. It was the only thing he could do to stave away the thoughts.

"I support you. I would never want to leave your side in a moment like this." Saris smiled, through the bruises and abrasions that lined her silk-clad beauty.

"...part of me wants to give them whatever they desire, as an apology. But at the same time, why am I to heel for a crime that was not my own?" Alexander asked.

"I could never be a king," Saris said. "Such decisions would be beyond me."

"And what if you were a queen?" Alexander asked. That brought a silence to Saris. "If we want to continue, you need to decide..."

"...if I want to marry you." Saris sighed and tucked some windswept black hair behind her ears. "I do love you. I do."

"Then just say yes," Alexander pleaded as he stepped towards her and took her hands into his own. "The kingdom needs a queen. And I need you."

Saris was about to answer, until she was interrupted by a boyish cough. Standing nearby, dressed in an emir's silks, was Tariq ibn Gazug, now Emir Tariq al-Bakra. They suited him, but Alexander was accustomed to seeing him in doublets and hose. Even the turban looked strange, hiding that once well-cropped black hair.

"I pray I am not interrupting, King Lukaric?" His voice was soft, barely a whisper.

"Your excellency," Alexander replied and moved away from Saris to bow. "Forgive me, I was--"

"Distracted. It is fine." The newly made emir tried to smile. "Lady Ancyzra."

"Emir al-Bakra." Saris curtsied. Alexander commended her silently with pride, even as more bruises lined her neck and shoulders, hidden behind her black tresses. More signs of her devotion to him, and his failure to her.

"You were the last one to be with my father, I am told?" the emir asked.

"I was, your grace. He died avenging those who were lost in Kasul."

"They tell me he fought brazenly and was swarmed by half a dozen warriors. Was this true?"

Saris looked to Alexander, who nodded his head in approval. "No, your excellency." She pursed her lips. "But he stood against the greatest evil I had ever seen. Even hamstrung, he bellowed as a lion and fought until the end."

"It is good to know the truth," the emir rubbed his bare chin. "Though I am saddened I was not informed."

"He was a good man, your excellency," Alexander said. "An even better friend."

"As it should be," the emir replied and reached into his robe. "You have often given us gifts, and asked for nothing in return. In honor of my father, I wish to give you both something as well."

"Both of us?" Saris asked, as Alexander crossed his arms in confusion.

"Indeed. It is not much, but my father had planned to give it to you someday. Kharja, his second wife, had him commission it."

"What is it?" Alexander asked, as the emir handed over a strangely bejeweled pair of arm bands. They were wrought of gold and inlaid with rubies and sapphires and amethysts. "These are lovely."

"We do not deserve this," Saris said as her brows furrowed. "But why... us?"

"In her own words; La'at kaam aruzwa, we'sah ent kah ba tarmut alti ma'saar." The emir gave a somber smile. "Now I must be off. I am sorry to say that the memory brings a tear to my eyes."

Alexander watched the emir go, ever pitying those now slumped shoulders and dour curve of neck. He was unable to look away, until Saris repeated the words spoken moments prior.

"La'at kaam aruzwa, we'sah ent kah ba tarmut alti ma'saar." She pursed her lips and blushed. "She really was a wise girl. I got to speak to her, did I not tell you?"

"You entertained them all at dinner. I expected at much. She was very..." Alexander struggled for the word.

"Perceptive. She saw right into your heart." Saris brought the golden bracelet to her chest and whispered something. "Even now."

"What did she say?" Alexander asked, not knowing a single word.

"Love comes forth, when lifted is the shroud of doubt and shame." Saris scoffed. "She knew I would confess to you."

"She told me I lost you because I was not forceful enough. Because I did not chase you when I should have." Alexander slipped the bracelet onto his wrist. "She was right."

"Are we so easy to read?" Saris asked as she slipped on her own bracelet. "Is it destiny that binds us?"

"Or love?" Alexander replied. "Love transcends time and distance. It is like the gods."

"Calm yourself, poet-king. You do not need to bruise my prose too." Saris chuckled as she hugged him. It was a tight grasp, and a welcome one that was easily returned by the king, who planted a kiss on those black tresses.

"You were going to say something," Alexander whispered. "Before the emir interrupted us."

Saris took several breaths before her lips parted to speak and she pulled away. Alexander felt his heart racing as their eyes met and wove their souls together.

"King Lukaric!" 

Alexander was ready to strike whoever spoke, and almost did for it was none other than Rahman Khan. The man had seen better days, and his tunic and trousers hung loosely upon his skinny frame. "We are done. Come, and let us begin deliberations." He raised a hand as Saris followed. "Not you. It is the want of kings to speak with kings."

"You are no king, your excellency," Saris said.

"I am the sultan's vizier. I go where he goes."

"Perhaps I will talk to your master then?" Saris pressed a finger to her chin. "Perhaps he will understand that denying the future queen of Svetirat is... most unwise?"

"Future queen?" Rahman Khan spat. "Impossible--"

"Are you in any position to deny me, who rank higher than you and stand on equal footing with your master?" Saris asked. "Are you, Emir Rahman Khan? Do you truly wish to draw ire from Svetirat's future queen?"

The emir looked ready to burst with flames at the cheeks for how hotly they burned. He opened his mouth to speak, shut it, and raised a finger. "You... You cannot--"

"Take us to your master, Rahman Khan," Alexander said and took Saris by the arm. Simply holding her gave him courage. "Now."

"Mind your tongue! I am a vizier--"

"I am a king." Alexander rolled his shoulders back, as a strange courage awoke in his breast. "And I am not the same boy from all those years ago. You said it yourself; it is the want of kings to speak with kings. Bring us to your master. I have no more words to weave with you."

The sultan's cockerel nearly tripped as he spun in the sand and stormed off to the tent in the distance. He cursed loudly and adjusted his fez, much to the soft giggle of Saris, who turned her eyes up to Alexander. He wanted to kiss her, and parted his lips.

But instead of touching her own, he spoke softly. "Is... is that what you wished to tell me?"

Saris chewed on her cheek before she spoke. "We shall see."

It was a simple statement, but it allowed the king to walk with a renewed bounce to his step, even as his stomach knotted and twisted as the flap to the tent was opened. Rahman Khan was already inside, hissing in En'ish to the sultan, who sat cross legged on a bed of pillows beside a hookah he smoked gently. He had thicker bags under his eyes than Alexander remembered, and his jowls were more prominent in his beard as it sagged. He motioned for the pair to sit.

"You bring your steward?" the sultan asked softly.

"I do," Alexander replied.

"It is the want of kings--"

"--to speak with kings. Your vizier was most kind in speaking that to us," Saris answered with a polite smile. Rahman Khan practically hissed at her as he crossed his arms like a child.

"And you are not a king," the sultan retorted.

"But she is to be my queen." Alexander shifting uncomfortably, not used to crossing his legs when he sat. "Though we have yet to announce it to anyone."

The sultan was silent and inhaled swiftly from the pipe of his hookah. He breathed the smoke through his nostrils, much like he did the first time they met all those years ago. Alexander once thought him blessed by a dragon--and found it frightening. But not anymore.

"Congratulations, then. I will contemplate sending a gift, should these talks succeed."

"Does that gift include a forgiveness to events outside of our control?" Saris asked.

"...I am going to hate dealing with you in the future, am I not?" the sultan replied and turned his eyes to Alexander. "But enough pleasantries. I have terms, and I expect them to be fulfilled."

"Speak them," Alexander said, as Saris placed her hand on his thigh and gently rubbed. It offered some comfort.

"The Great Temple of Dhul-Kifi Ayyub was a holy site, and dozens died in its burning alive at the hands of your subject, Karolina Lukaric. Your own sister, by marriage." Rahman Khan frowned and spoke with venom. "There are many names, but the most notable include the Imam, Hassan al-Yiddi. Emira Sathra Jabaal. Nasser ibn Nazeem and his three daughters, Sahara, Maatub and Jaspak. Emira Kharja al-Bakra--"

"My own daughter," the sultan interrupted with a voice filled with grief. "My brightest star..."

"You have our sympathies. We will pray for her soul, that it may rest easy." Saris bowed her head. "I cannot imagine how hard it is to lose a child."

The sultan frowned and raised a hand, silencing Rahman Khan as his dark eyes settled onto Saris. Alexander saw something wicked within them, a sinister force he could not describe. 

"No. You could not." The sultan shifted and turned his eyes to the floor. "For the longest time, I stared into her eyes, your Karolina. I searched them, as her flesh rotted against my fingers, for an answer. That wicked smile, that sinister smile. She was responsible. She was to blame. She took my daughter from me. What I did to her next..."

The entire tent went quiet. Their eyes turned to the hookah pipe, an ornate thing made of gold, now crushed within that thick palm. The sultan's fist shook as he reluctantly dropped the thing, and leaned forward. He was silent, never once letting his eyes leave the ornate carpet beneath them.

"...what do you desire as reparation, Abu Khalil?" Alexander asked.

"His grace would like funeral services, which we paid for, to be recompensed to him. Among that, he demands recompense to himself and to his subordinates who suffered in the fire, as well as a hefty sum to rebuild the temple and furnish it with all things that were lost." Raman Khan cleared his throat; all color having bled from his face as he spoke for the now silent sultan.

"What is the grand sum?" Saris asked.

"Here is an itinerary." Rahman Khan's hands were shaking as he extended the paper to Alexander, who in turn passed it to Saris.

"Not a single coin less," the sultan whispered. "That is the most accommodating I can be, else my people will have suffered for nothing!"

"...my king," Saris whispered and motioned for Alexander to bring his ear to her mouth. "They desire a sum we can offer, but I suggest giving it to them in payments."

"What are you whispering over there?" Rahman Khan hissed. "Poison for his ear?"

"You will have your coin, sultan." Alexander nodded with affirmation. "But I request you allow me to pay it in installments. I will pay you for the lives lost, but the coin used to rebuild your temple will come every six months, in a sum equally divided by my steward."

"No," the sultan said. "I want every single coin."

"Your excellency, I know you grieve," Alexander continued, "but we lost many lives of our own. We must recompense our own people for the faults of my kin. Understand that, please, and I promise you a bonus to each installment." He turned his eyes to Saris, who nodded her head in approval.

"This is outlandish. That temple was one of the most holy sites in the world! It was built for the savior himself, in honor of his own kin! Thousands went on pilgrimage to the site monthly!" Rahman Khan growled. "The amount of coin lost from such visits is an added burden to our treasuries!"

"Which is why I offered extra in each installment. To recompense for the lack of pilgrims. And entire city burned down under my care. I understand the price to rebuild, believe me." Alexander frowned and rubbed his chin. "You will never miss an installment. Never will I ask for an extension nor will I ask for exemption. You will have your coin, I swear it."

The sultan finally turned his eyes up to Alexander, and pursed his lips. "You are not the same boy I met all those years ago, who squirmed, chafed beneath his crown."

"We have all aged. We have grown. We are stronger." Alexander leaned forward. "And I will not break my word I gave that fateful morning upon the battlements."

The sultan looked to Rahman Khan, who shook his head in disapproval. "Very well, Alexander. You will pay it in full within five years, each installment delivered every six months at the final hour of the last month. I will tally every coin."

"As will I, Abu Khalil." Alexander extended his arm. "As will I. I also wish to depart compensation for Emir Tariq. For the loss of his father under my watch."

The sultan eyed that appendage, before grasping it and shaking. "Let it be marked. On to the second term."

Of course, there is more... Alexander groaned in his mind. He had provided so much courage and strength to the previous confrontation too. Saris contorted her lips, but did not draw her hand away from his own.

"We asked for the heads of those responsible. All of them. Those you provided are the only conspirators?" Rahman Khan asked.

"No," Alexander answered truthfully. "There is one more, who we did not find. His name is Lysander Kazimir, a former ecclesiarch to one of my dukes. My knights hunt him now, as we sit in this tent."

"Why was he not apprehended?" the sultan asked. "If he is out there, then he can burn both our kingdoms."

"He is no better than a bandit, your grace," Saris said.

"We are told he has access to Imperial fire. That is a weapon of mass destruction." Rahman Khan shuddered. "And we experienced it firsthand."

"As did I, as it leapt upon my skin for a feast." Saris pursed her lips. "The only place one can get true Imperial fire is from the Empire. The closest entry to them..."

"Is next to your friend, the Shah Adrina." Rahman Khan growled once more. "Perhaps she is to blame as well?"

"No!" Saris answered far too quickly. "She would never do such."

"Shah are treacherous," the sultan replied. "More treacherous than starving snakes."

"I will handle my wayward ecclesiarch, I swear. But I need aid." Alexander attempted to diffuse the situation. "I promise to deliver you his head, provided you allow knights of my choosing to scour your realm for him."

"Why would we agree to that?" Rahman Khan spat. "Knights, murderous fiends, running freely in our realm?"

"Lysander is one man, and can rally others to his side. He knows I cannot reach him if he is in your lands. With your aid, I can flush him out. He will have nowhere to run." Alexander looked to the sultan, who returned his eyes to the floor. "He wronged me as well. I want to publicly display it."

"...I will think on it." The sultan rolled his shoulders and straightened his back. "If I agree, you will give me the names of the knights, as well as heraldry and a special writ to be displayed upon questioning along with a phrase known only to them. If they fail to do so, I will put them to death on the spot."

"That is confusing and taxing on several levels. Why not attempt something more... practical?" Saris asked.

"What do you suggest?" the sultan asked.

"My king," Saris said and turned to Alexander. "According to my records, you have a vacant castle close to the borders of both our realm and theirs?"

I do? Alexander thought, though he nodded his head. "I do, that is correct."

"Castle Druzhina. Built by the knightly order of the same name. Though rather decrepit, and unclaimed, it could be poetic to use the former stronghold of Lysander's order as a base to hunt him down."

"That is an interesting notion. But who do we put in charge, and who is to inhabit such a large place?" the sultan asked.

"My kinsman, Dragos," Alexander said, before he twisted his lips. The poor man had collapsed when the news broke. He had wept for hours, cursed the gods, and collapsed at his uncle's feet to beg for forgiveness. He deserved atonement for the crimes of his mother, and could renounce her sins by hunting her accomplice.

"You trust him?" the sultan asked, as his eyes turned to slits.

"With my life." Alexander spoke the truth, knowing his nephew was the last of his direct kin in this world.

"Dragos is Karolina's son. Her tainted blood runs in his veins, or am I mistaken?" The sultan frowned even further. "You expect me to trust him?"
