 “Karolina Lukaric, formerly Karolina of Lanceldale, has been convicted of sedition, treason, embezzlement, homicide, heresy and attempted regicide. Specific crimes include the burning of Mor Abraham, the Temple of Aisha-Qalil in Baltimirzan, wrongful taxation of subjects, inciting rebellion against his majesty--” Stanislav went down the list, his voice echoing from where he stood upon the dais, just outside the doors to the palace and overlooking the gathered crowd. He was a brave man, and Saris knew she would have to thank him later for it.

The crowd jeered and booed as Alexander’s knights escorted Karolina out of the palace. The sinister woman was practically in chains, and the sight of so many armed guards in the king’s service no doubt frightened onlookers. They knew not what going to happen, or if they did, they kept it silent, and attempted to rouse with hushed words none of the multitudes of guards could hear.

“The most notable suspects were detained by Cyril earlier in the week, though I knew not why. He did not inform me.” Nestor shook his head. “If I knew Karolina was involved…”

“Alexander wanted to keep it a secret,” Saris replied, as her heart pounded in equal parts fear and rage. She had just watched her king strangle his sister by marriage, and now he was brazenly letting people see her be escorted out of the city and to her ultimate end.

“The crowd appears agitated. I think Karolina knew something like this would happen. Her accomplices might be in the crowd now.” Nestor frowned.

“Brother Cyril is still at the prison?” Saris asked.

“Yes. He is interrogating those who were with Karolina, and trying to figure out why they kept him ill-informed.”

“Cyril knows almost everything. That is his job,” Saris said.

“But a man can be made blind when his sources go silent, or feed him the wrong information. Plus, he had his ear to the merchants, before you came along.” Nestor shifted. “Damnit, it looks like a group in the crowd is getting restless.”

Saris watched him go, impressed by his dedication. Unrelated, she tugged at her gown as the sun bore down on her. It was the first time she felt truly hot in Lukastan, and as fate was cruel it would fall on the day she faced Amur’s killer.

Karolina was unapologetic, even before the evidence was laid before her. She cursed and howled and laughed like a devil. She deserved whatever would happen to her, whatever the sultan deemed a fitting punishment. Saris had heard about some of them, such as being lashed to several horses or entombed in a casket with honey and beetles, and thought them all too lenient for the crimes committed. She never imagined herself a cruel woman, but this one time she would make an exception.

Saris looked out to the gathered crowd, and watched as their confusion and fear turned to revilement and mistrust. The imposing presence of Alexander’s personal guard kept them peaceful, but not in words. She was thankful when Malmir put his hand on her shoulder, and squeezed.

“My heart aches as well, Saris,” he said. “There is no shame in breathing a sigh of relief.”

“I am just glad Amur will be avenged, and everyone else in Baltimirzan.” Saris crossed her arms. She needed the comfort of her own body.

“May he rest easy, beneath the wings of his golden god.” Malmir made the sign of peace, and adjusted his staff. “And may our gods punish Karolina appropriately.”

“May it come in evisceration and the draping of her entrails in the Great Wolf's maw.” Saris snarled, and Malmir squeezed her shoulder again.

Alexander appeared stoic, though Saris could see he was conflicted on the inside. It was his posture, the way his eyes looked to the ground and flicked only briefly to those around him when he spoke. His hands were shaking subtly, no doubt from the rage that they had borne witness to earlier. She knew she should be afraid, as she was of his shows of force, but why was this time different from before?

Perhaps it was because she understood his rage. She wanted nothing more than to see Karolina suffer, and would gladly let Alexander tear her limb from limb if he so desired. She might even join him now that they were officially known, by the court, as lovers. What was more romantic than revenge against a hated foe?

“Such cruelty,” Malmir said. “Is it the way of the world, to answer cruelty with even more cruelty?”

“Ask her that, patriarch,” Saris replied and shrugged his hand off her shoulder. “She killed my friend, along with hundreds of my people, and brutalized your friend. Or does that mean nothing to you?”

Malmir pursed his lips before bowing his head. “You are… right, Saris. I am just weary of seeing so many go before me. So many I knew when they were but children.” He pulled back and coughed violently into his hand.

Saris realized she was unduly harsh, but did not apologize. Instead she turned her eyes back to the procession, and the slowly crowd, which Nestor had calmed down. Whatever grievances they had, whatever confusion, had been dampened by the good done the past few months. Many in the crowd directed their anger at Karolina, who Stanislav had revealed through his speech as the true evil in the kingdom, and let their mistrust of one another unify them against her. It was a strangle calming sight, save for a single blemish.

Saris had noticed it when she saw Nestor. A priest was in the crowd, with a very simple white cassock. In truth, he was plain in most senses, save the handsomeness of his face and the gold that wove his hair. She had met him before, and swore to never forget his face after what he did.

“Saris?” Malmir called to her. “Where are you going?”

She did not answer him. She worked her way through the crowd, forced her way past those who did not know her. She heard curses in two different tongues but cared little. She had to stop him, and she could not alert the guards, because he would most assuredly run. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she drew closer to him, managing to find a gap through the crowd, and grabbed his arm.

Alden cursed and widened his eyes in shock when he saw her, but quickly struck her with the back of his hand. She fell to the ground as someone cried out nearby. It drew the guards, who ordered everyone to calm. Another curse came from Alden’s lips and he clutched a glass bottle tighter. Saris could see, only briefly, the raging fire within.  

“Imperial fire!” she cried. “Get back!” It proved all for naught, as Alden hurled the bottle towards the front of the crowd.

The bottle shattered and the flames leapt onto the flammable fabric of the crowd and devouring whatever it touched. The crowd was in a panic, and Saris could not make out what was happening over the shoves as she tried to rise. That was when she felt the warmth on her back, as her gown began to burn. She tore at her body quickly, shredding the silks and leaping from them, only to roll near naked in the dirt and knock over a fleeing onlooker. She scrambled to rise and hurry back to the palace. The crowd made it difficult, and down she went once more. She caught a glimpse of the ravenous flames, that showed no bias to flesh, wood, steel or bone.

“The Wolf will consume the Eagle!” a voice suspiciously like Alden’s cried out. “Death to the Eagle! Feed the Great Wolf! Let him devour their heathen entrails!” 

It was a chant that spread to all those who aligned themselves with hate. They drew concealed weapons and started their own calculated slaughter. Easterners were sliced across the throat, only to have their assailant beaten by a noble soul, who in turn was killed by another that fell to the poleaxe of one of the guards. Women screamed as their children were cut down or set aflame, while men took up weapons that lay by the corpses of the fallen assailants. Many tried to run and escape the carnage, but their neighbors turned on them. The streets drank greedily of blood as corpses were crushed beneath the plated boots of Alexander’s personal guard, who did what they could--as bloody as they could--to placate the mayhem.

'Do you know how easy it was to turn them against you?' Saris felt her heart shudder, even as the guards placated the riotous crowd. One of the behemoth’s noticed her, half-naked and cowering, and carried her in both arms back to the palace, where the others had formed a defensive ring around the king and his court, except Rudolph. He had a far more brutal duty to perform, as he put down the crowd. Most would call it defending, but she knew better once she saw one man lose his head to that sharpened poleaxe.

The doors to the palace were slammed shut and one of the guards brought Saris a tunic and some loose trousers. She slipped them over her bare chest and bare legs. She was lucky she wore panties, lest she be starkly nude in front of all.

“What happened?!” Stanislav asked. “We had the guards on alert!”

“Alden,” Saris said and drew eyes to her. She was shaking as she tried to keep the tunic from slipping. “He was in the crowd. He must have come into the city without our knowledge.”

“No one would know who he is, except you,” Alexander replied and covered his mouth. “She knew I would do this. She knew, the moment we found her.”

“Or he has been in the city this whole time, hiding. No one would think to find him here,” Stanislav shook his head just as the palace doors were open and Emir Gazug stumbled in. He had blood on his blade and sweat on his brow. He was breathing heavily, and strode up to Alexander with murderous intent.

“She got away!” he proclaimed and tossed his sword to Alexander’s feet. “I tried to give chase, but she was quicker! The murderous bitch.”

“The guards are still watching the gates,” Stanislav said. “She will not escape. But where would she go?” No one knew for sure, and thus the court looked at each other with confusion--and a small bit of fear, as the sounds of chaos echoed from the nearby window.

“Are you alright?” Alexander asked quietly as he pulled her away. “I am sorry, I should have--” Saris silenced him with a kiss, and embraced him tightly. She needed him; she needed his arms around her to keep the burning feeling away. She made sure he understood it.

“I am fine,” she lied. Her back still felt the warmth of the flames. She was not in pain, but her mind was tormented at the prospect of bubbling flesh--much like those she had seen consumed by the flames. “I…”

“This is my fault,” Alexander whispered. “I should have… I could have…” It was obvious he struggled with the words, so Saris kissed him once more, this time for a bit longer, as if it were to be their last.

“Be strong. For both of us.” She squeezed his arms and pulled away, just as the palace doors were forced open and a blood-covered Rudolph trailed gore across the floor.

“The assailants fled to the prison,” he said and lifted his visor. “We believe Karolina went with them, as we last saw her enter the prison. Nestor stands watch over it and lays siege.”

“Why to the prison?” Malmir asked. Blood was on his robes, and his staff was missing. It was the first time Saris noticed how old and frail he truly was.

“All of those Cyril detained are there. They are her supporters.” Stanislav shook his head. “That means…”

“Brother Cyril is dead. They threw his corpse from the top of the prison. They are free and armed.” Rudolph shook his head.

“How? There are wardens for this reason,” Alexander said.

“They were infiltrated. I know several of them who now align with the seditionists. They were the ones to throw Brother Cyril from the prison.” Rudolph gripped his poleaxe tightly. “The only positive is they are trapped. With my knights and the guard, we will easily rip them from there.”

“Are you sure Karolina is there?” Saris asked, and nearly jumped when Rudolph turned on her. His eyes were fierce and hardened. She had never seen him like this.

“It is the only place she could go. She would be foolish to go anywhere else with that wound on her shoulder. No doubt they are patching her up, so she can join them in the fight.” Rudolph nodded his head.

“But why would she stay? It means death!” Saris exclaimed.

“She is mad. We do not question the mad,” Stanislav said. “But if I had to guess, she is stalling. She knew the sultan would come for us, and all she needs to do is keep us occupied until he reaches the city.”

“And if that happens, we lose,” Alexander said. “Even with the levies, that army coming for us is drunk on fervor.”

“Gods protect us…” Malmir whispered nearby and coughed into his hand. It was a loud, violent thing.

“Someone escort the patriarch to a bed and tend to him. He might have inhaled the smoke from the flames.” Alexander covered his mouth with his palm and looked to Rudolph. “Take everyone you can. Flush them out, kill them all, and bring me Karolina’s head. The sultan will have his token, and the city its vengeance.”

“Why would Karolina stay?” Saris asked. “If she wishes to die, then yes… But why would she die?”

“You keep repeating yourself. What are you suggesting?” Rudolph asked.

“She is playing us,” Saris said. “You all know her better than I, but she is a mother, just like me. She would not leave this world without saying goodbye. Once they mend her shoulder she is going to try and flee.”

“Who would she say goodbye to?”

“Dragos. She wants to see him before she dies, I am sure of it.”

“Forgive me, Saris, but that is the most farfetched logic I have ever heard,” Stanislav said. “You mean to tell me a woman who wants to burn the whole kingdom to the ground, to spite our king, is going to risk trying to escape to see her son one final time?”

“I would,” Saris said. “Either that, or she plans to lie to him and escape with him across the sea to the Middle Kingdoms. She has family there, some of whom knew she planned this?”

“And how would she get out of the city?” Stanislav asked. “There are two walls and all the gates are shut.”

“There is a small path that leads to a small pool in a cave, just past the seawall.” Saris felt a blush on her cheeks as she looked to Alexander. “You remember the one?”

“And to get to the seawall gate, she needs to come directly through the palace courtyard, where we all will be watching? That is farfetched, Saris.” Stanislav shook his head. “Alexander, listen to Rudolph and flush them from the prison. Karolina is there, and it will show the king is not one to tolerate sedition in his own city!”

Alexander crossed his arms and looked to Rudolph, who saluted him with a fist to the chest, before he nodded his head. “Take everyone, kill them all, and end this. Find Nestor, and have the guards placate the commoners. Protect the people.”

The knight acknowledged the command with a nod and beckoned his knights with a fisted hand. He gave one final look to Saris, and shook his head before pulling down his visor. Alexander gave a sigh and walked off. Saris did not have the will to touch him, too enraptured by her thoughts. She knew her logic was speculation on her own emotions, but there was a strange tug at the back of her mind that told her it was the truth. She needed someone to listen!

Neither Stanislav nor Malmir gave her credence, and departed to perform their own penances. The only one to remain was Emir Gazug, who clutched his bloody scimitar tightly.

“I am sorry,” Saris whispered to him, with whatever courage she could find. “For everything she has done.”

“...do you truly believe the words you say?”

“Pardon?” Saris asked, as the emir loomed over her and lifted his blade.

“Will she try to flee?” he asked.

“As a mother,” Saris began, “I do not think I could die without seeing my son one more time. Karolina is a monster, but she is still a mother.”

Emir Gazug pursed his lips and lowered his blade. He wiped it on his filthy cloak and slid it through his belt. There was sorrow and hatred in his eyes, creating pure malice. Saris knew this man would tear apart hell itself to find Karolina, even before he said the words. “Take me to your armor. Then show me this hidden path.”

Saris agreed, and hurried with him to the palace armory. Suits of thick, heavy armor lined the wall accompanied by various weapons often carried by Rudolph’s knights. One in particular caught the emir’s eye, and he took it.

“A crossbow?” Saris asked.

“Yes. These are good weapons. One of the best, as you Slavi demonstrated centuries ago.” He motioned towards a small cloth suit nearby. “Grab that, and put it on.”

“A gambeson?” Saris asked. She had never worn one, but the emir forced it onto her body and gave her the crossbow to carry. She grunted at its weight, but managed to steady herself. The thing was almost the size of her arm!

“For protection. If she arrives, she will attack you, will she not?” the emir asked.

Saris simply nodded in agreement, understanding the concern. Afterwards, she showed him the ever unkempt and hidden path. It was just outside the palace courtyard, and wound behind the building towards the beach adjacent to the port and bay. She had not tread the earth since she was a girl, but she remembered where to go. It was not long before the duo exited the city, and strode upon the sands. A small cave formed nearby, the same cave where inside lay a pool of clear water for the young to fall in love.

“She is not here,” the emir said and frowned. “You were wrong.”

“We can wait. She will not come if she sees us,” Saris said and headed to the cave. “Come on.”

“Give me the crossbow,” the emir said.

The pair crouched beneath the shadow, and waited until another shadow appeared. True to Saris’ hunch, Karolina strode from the path. She stumbled about, weighed down by a large kite shield and a longsword. She appeared to crane her head back and forth, before trudging through the sand.

“And so, she came. You were wise,” the emir said, and extended the now loaded crossbow to Saris. “We end this now, for all those she has claimed. When her back is turned, shoot her. Pull the trigger, and let it impale her wretched flesh.”

“We have the element of surprise. Should we not wait?” Saris shook her head, and found her hand trembling as the shadow drew closer to the cave. “I have never killed anyone, Gazug.” She watched him shrug off his cloak and draw his scimitar.

“I know, so stay here and be ready to fire. It will not kill her, but it will wound her so I can end it.” He pressed the flat end of his scimitar to his forehead. “I am ready to die for you, my love,” the emir whispered to his blade in En’ish, before he rose and darted out of the cave. 

From his throat erupted a screeching war cry, which startled Karolina and nearly caught her by surprise. She lifted her shield and accepted his blow, falling to one knee before forcing herself up and sending the emir stumbling back.

“This miserable desert,” she snarled, “spawns nothing but mongrels.” She showed perfect teeth as the breeze of the ocean sent her red hair fluttering. She was prepared this time, and dodged the emir’s strike.

Saris watched from a short distance away as the two dueled. Karolina had no finesse, and her swings were akin to a child throwing a tantrum with a large stick. But she was no less deadly than any knight, and the shield she carried deflected and parried many a killing blow. The emir could not land a strike with his fury, but he did not relent. He continued to cry, to curse and screech, even as she ran her blade through his thigh and slammed her shield into his face. He collapsed into the sand, and she loomed above him and kicked his scimitar away.

“Another dead desert dog, sent to hell.” Karolina was about to drive her sword through the frothing emir, when Saris struck. She fired the bolt from that crossbow, which let forth a loud TWANG, and watched his rip through the air--and bury itself a raised shield. 

Karolina turned her head to Saris and lowered her gaze, before kicking the emir in the jaw and rushing at her. Saris tried to run, but Karolina was faster, and easily slammed her with that kite shield, and sent her sprawling to the ground.
