 The clubs and flesh palaces of the human world don't usually hold my attention, but every once and a while I come across a rare dimension that doesn't hide its darker side. Where vampires, witches, and lesser demons boldly hunt the darkness for pray.

The scent of sin is a tantalizing aroma, musky with sex and spiced with a touch of fear.... It was the scent that drew me to the club Sinns of the Flesh, stepping through the door the scent washed over me like a gentle breeze . Keeping the hood of my black silk robe up I scanned the gloomy interior of the club, noting it looked a lot like a mansion from the inside. Taking note of the bar I made my way through the half filled room ignoring the curious stares, they would find out soon enough I belonged here... My eyes widened a bit in surprise as I spotted the bar tender, my eyes wandering over the broad expanse of his shoulders under his jacket. My eyes half close in a sultry stare as I took a seat at the bar.

"What can I get you M'lady?" his voice a deep rumble in his chest.

Reaching up I remove the hood of my robe, replying 

"JD and coke... please." 

He turns to prepare my drink. Turning back he sets it on the bar and introduces himself.

"I go by FallenAngel M'lady if there's anything else you require."

Looking up into his deep blue eyes, I ask what the club has to offer.

"There's a lake and hot springs, rooms upstairs, and a stage for dancing that has a pole."

I turn to look were he's pointing, looking over my shoulder. Turning back I notice he's leaning into the bar closer to me, and that his hand is inches away from mine. I smile, thinking strong hands have always been a turn on of mine...

"Can I freshen your drink?, M'lady." 

I look down, only now realizing half the drink is gone. 

"Yes."

I hand him my glass as he nods, his hand touching mine, my skin tingles where his fingers have brushed. He turns wiping the glass out, I can feel him watching me from the reflection in the mirror behind the bar. I reach up and remove the pins holding my hair, gently shaking my head so it cascades down my back like black velvet. Looking up I see him set my drink down and move out from behind the bar, slowly removing his jacket exposing his muscular upper torso, he walks over and puts it on the coat rack near the door. My heart beat speeds up just watching him head back to the bar, but instead of going behind the bar he takes a seat close beside me. The temperature seems to have risen with him sitting so close... I untie my black silk robe hoping for a breeze, looking up I see him blush slightly and lick his lips...

"You are quiet beautiful, M'lady." 

I shiver as he traces his fingers gently along my arm. My movement causing my robe to fall a little more open. I blush remembering I only have on my black silk teddy, having been on my way to bed when I caught the scent of sin. He smiles and taking my hand in his, kisses the back of it. 

"Do you pay such special attention to all your customers, FallenAngel?" I ask breathlessly.

"Only the ladies." he smiles revealing pointed fangs.

He stands and moves behind me, I shiver as I feel him brush the hair from my shoulder. Aware of the heat of his body behind me as he leans down and kisses my neck. My eyes fall closed as I tilt my head giving him better access, moaning softly I lean back into him silently begging for more. I feel his lips on my shoulder as his hands push the robe from my body exposing me to his hungry gaze. He leans over and kisses my lips, licking the seam demanding entry. I moan into his mouth, swept away by his ravenous kiss. Without braking the kiss I slowly turn around to face him, wantonly wrapping my legs around his hips, running my hands up his chest to tangle my fingers in his silky hair. Growling he deepens the kiss thrusting his tongue deep, exploring my mouth. I gasp as suddenly he wraps his arms around me and lifts me up in his arms my legs still locked around his waist. Looking into his deep blue eyes, shivering at the hunger and passion I see in his half closed gaze. I look up from his face remembering where we are, a blush heating my cheeks at the show we've put on for the other customers. I look back into his eyes and shrug, I can't deny my succubus nature. He smiles at my blush.

"I'll take you to my room, M'lady." Still holding me he walks up stairs to his room and I marvel at his strength...

Chapter 2 

FallenAngel

Behind closed doors...

Hunger beats at me, coursing through my body like a fire. My soul willingly dancing in the flames. I feel cherished in his arms, wanted with an intensity that matches my own. Unwilling to control myself until we reach his room, I kiss the throbbing pulse point in his neck... my tongue caressing his skin. I feel him stop and arch his neck allowing me greater access, as a growl rumbles through his chest.

"M'lady you test my control, if you don't behave I shall take you here in the hall." his voice tight with need.

"I need to taste you." my breath hot against his neck, those words having more effect then I expected.

His kiss was hot and filled with hunger. Demanding entrance his tongue plundered my mouth, the moist heat of his tongue thrusting with the same rhythm of his hips grinding his hard length against me. Sending a rush of desire surging through my body where I was pressed between him and the door. Moaning into his mouth I clutched a fist full of his hair, not caring if he took me right there against the door. Needing to quench the fire burning through my body. Reaching down beside me I felt for the door knob releasing the latch... he strode into the room kicking the door shut behind him, never stopping his hungry assault. Trusting him not to drop me I took my arms from around his neck. Untying the stays holding my robe feeling the silk slip from my body, softly rustling as it pools on the floor at his feet. Slowly I untangled myself from him sliding down the tall length of him to kneel at his feet, looking up into eyes intensely watching my every move... settling my hand lightly on one boot, my head tilting to the side, he leans back using the table for support and lifts his feet one after the other so I can remove his boots. Stroking my hands up his leather clad legs I brush my cheek along the hard throbbing length of his arousal. His fingers slide through my hair cupping the back of my head as he groans, his breath coming in pants. "Come here," he softly commands. My hair still wrapped in his fist.

I feel his eyes roaming over my body, igniting a path of longing. My body aching for his touch. Trailing his fingers lightly down my neck to my shoulders, he slides the straps of my black lace teddy off. A moan escapes me  as I stand before him. My breasts tingle, nipples tight, wanting his touch. Growling he drags me to him, feasting on my flesh, trailing wet kisses... tingles run down my body sparking an urgent need to be filled.

"Please, please... I need..." voice quivering as his hot wet mouth fastens onto my nipple, sucking deep, lightly nipping... he lifts me in his arms carrying me to the bed. The warm weight of his body pressing into mine, imprisoned in his arms as his tongue scorches a path down, dipping briefly into my navel. Lifting his head, pinning me with his gaze. I watched as he slowly slides his finger deep into me, then to his lips. "Mmm, sweeter than honey," a wicked smile on his lips as he resumes his exploration. His warm tongue stroking deep, as his fingers strum my body to a feverish pitch. Bunched sheets in my clenched fists, breathless with gasping moans, the tension coiling tighter... building. My hips rise and fall rhythmically as his fingers stroke in and out, his tongue flicking against my clit, my body shuddering as he sucks it... tension arching my back as I reach the peak, plunging over the edge. "Ahh, Yes... I'm cuming..." gasping brokenly, climax ripping through me. His body surging up between my legs, I feel him plunge home, sheathing himself in me. My pussy throbbing around his shaft, a gasp is torn from my throat at the sudden invasion, impaled by both his body and his eyes. He shuddered and moaned. Hungrily he took possession of my mouth, his tongue thrusting in rhythm with his hips... I could taste the essence of myself on his lips, and all but devoured him. Moaning into his mouth, my hips lifting to meet his thrusts, I slide my hands down the mussels in his back to his ass, urging him to go faster... deeper. Locking my legs around his hips, imprisoning him. Groaning, he drew his fangs over the juggler vein pounding in my throat. He moaned again, shutting his eyes, looking like he's in pain. "I need... I shouldn't." his breath hot against my ear. Arching my neck, I offer myself to him... "Yes, oh yes... taste me... now." moaning as a surge of pleasure courses through me. Thrusting deep, fangs piercing skin, and the the delicious sucking... 

"Yes, oh lord, yes." moaning, as my orgasm slams into me, my body trembling beneath him. Releasing my neck, he groans wildly driving his shaft deep. His body straining as he climaxes, pulsating. My pussy clenching, milking every last drop from him... Lowering himself gently, bodies locked tight, we smile into each others eyes. Gently he licks the bite on my neck, soothing the wound. Sighing I close my eyes to rest...