 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Zamuel woke up to the beeping of his morning alarm. Despite having a king-sized bed all to himself, he always woke up curled up and around Snugglebutt. This time a tad sticky in the crotch as his semen dribbled out of the toy once he softened and slipped out of it.

It wasn't as disgusting a feeling as he might've thought and gave the teddy bear a firm hug .

"Morning, Snugglebutt."

After a quick shower he went to make himself breakfast only to be pleasantly surprised that the whole family was up with Leiana and Lex sitting at the table while Zyra cooked.

His father was the reason he was who he was and there were many similarities between father and son. Zamuel was a younger version of his father while his twin sister a younger version of their mother. Lex was more curvier due to age, looking like a woman in her early thirties and still jaw-dropping as ever while actually being in his early fifties. Bare and white flawless skin was decorated with red lines that were inspired by the tattoos of the ancient Maori people from New Zealand.

Chiseled cheeks, a-cup breasts and cock were the only things that might give away he's in fact male. Zam and his family more looked like a family of women than being split evenly.

Zyra inherited Leia's genes wholesale and the siblings wondered if their parents tampered with them in the womb to become essentially younger versions of their parents. Large, tight and beautiful breasts and a body of a gorgeous trophy wife. Just like mother. Unlike Leia, however, Zyra exercised a lot more and was really into some alien warrior caste with their marks and brands of semi-circles and thick triangles decorating her body.

Lex smiled at his son as he padded over and sat next to him.

"You went to bed early last night. Wore you out, eh?" He said with a knowing chuckle while Leia had an exasperated look on her beatific face as Zam still hasn't told her what happened in school.

"You finally fucked mom. About time." Zyra said with a teasing smile as she set the plates full of delicious tofu and cooked mushrooms with trained movements. Her time working at the cafe paid off with both skills and good pay. Though a good chunk of her income came from special offers down there.

Leia hummed happily, taking her son's hand in hers. Her husband smiled and kissed his son on the forehead.

"We always miss you in the bedroom, sweetie. And I really need your help! I'm scared my balls are getting bigger from all the patches!" He said with a giggle, spreading his legs to show the smooth sack with beautiful red markings was indeed bigger. Permanent side-effects like that were fairly common, not that anyone complained.

"I don't think none of us will really mind, dad, hehe." Zam responded a lot more lustily than he intended, making all three family members coo in surprise.

"Someone's finally turned around." Zyra said, sounding very pleased and looked at her brother the same way she always has, with lust and affection. Leia hummed an affirmative as they began to eat.

This was an estrogen-rich and vegetarian household with only 'meat' involved being semen. Lex always added his own personal touch to his cooking and Zam stuck to that while his sister and mother being regulars on the tap itself.

Though now another tap has opened up and Zam seriously considered using those patches as well. How big father's balls have gotten Zyra and Leia must have voracious appetites.

"Zamuel, can I ask you a favor?" Leia asked once breakfast was done. Zyra and Lex looked expectant.

"Of course, mom."

"Lex told me you'll spending most of your time at the academy and we won't get to see you in person." She said sadly, biting her lip as if she were a teenager.

Zam was sad about the prospect as well. Just as things were going right...

"So...I want you to put a baby in me right now."

The femboy was stunned and also immediately got hard. He thought her saying that was in the heat of the moment yesterday!

"Y-you mean...my baby?" He asked, unsure.

Leia nodded with certainty that was backed with love and lust that only a mother can have for her son. Zam then felt soft fingers caress his sack as his father placed a virility patch onto it, smiling beautifully.

"I took a pill last night to get myself to ovulate. You won't deny your mother, will you, baby?" Leia purred, watching her feminine son grow red.

"O-of course not, mom, but-"

"No buts, kid." Lex said firmly and quite hungrily. It was evident that Leiana's imposed condition that prevented him from giving his children new siblings has been quite tough on the middle-aged femboy. Zam yelped as he was pulled out of his seat by his cock, Lex's slim fingers wrapped around the base. 

Zyra watched with interest from her perch of the countertop that divided the dining room and the kitchen, her legs spread a bit to show her perfect and young slit and then Zam noticed a skin mark he hadn't seen yet. It was a cursive 'S' in dark blue. Before he could see better, he was facing his mother who gently enveloped him and kissed deeply.

Zamuel was lost in his mother's emerald eyes as their plump lips joined in love that was no longer taboo, no longer a sin or crime. His cock pressed eagerly against her soft belly, the sack and base being tickled by her well-maintained pubic hair as he was almost a head taller than her without her heels.

What father and sister was doing Zam didn't know as he closed his eyes and melted into Leia's arms, into her hot mouth and knew only bliss.

It ended shortly after. Time was of the essence. It would be no good for Zam to be late to his classes! Leia broke the kiss and presented herself to him by bending over the table, her sodden gash offered. Before Zam could slide himself inside his mother once more, Zyra had slid off of the countertop and kneeled before her twin sibling. Without hesitation she grabbed hold of him, stroking with three years worth of experience, maybe even more.

"I always wanted to give your cock a suck, little brother," She said, calling him little despite the difference in age between them being a measly ten minutes, and looked up at him with her gray-steel eyes, just like their father's..

"Ngh...Zyra...you really look good on your knees." He managed out as she kept on stroking and looking h so amazing with her lips just an inch away from his pulsating head, her breath hot and wet against it. His twin sister smiled raunchily back from her position.

"You bet I do. Mom's wet like the ocean but I still wanna give it a good luck suck before you get to work." She said and opened her mouth to slide her brother in. Zam gasped, having his second blowjob with this one being given to him by his lovely and sexy sister. It was on reflex that he dug his fingers into Zyra's long and luxurious hair and held her head for support as her tongue began to lash his sensitive head.

"Just give him a spit-shine, Zyra!" Leia begged from her daughter while her hand reached down and pushed three fingers into her aroused pussy. Lex got onto the table, settling on his side in an enticing pose he most likely uses for his clients and pushed his cock into Leia's mouth which she eagerly sucked.

"Don't worry, sweetie. Your sister's been craving this for a long time as well." He said with a wink and Zam smiled and happily moaned when Zyra quickly slid the rest of him into her skilled mouth and into her throat where she swallowed in a rhythm, kneading half his length with her throat muscles.

Adding onto the pleasure was the virility patch as it pumped his small testicles full of virility drugs. Some brands were devised entirely around inducing the side-effect of standard virility drugs of enlarging the testicles alongside improving capacity with expanding the epididymis considerably. Either way, heat enveloped his testicles as they swelled with rapidly-produced and virile sperm.

Zyra was nice enough to cup and caress his drugged sack, massaging the testicles with loving motions while she works his cock to bursting. The femboy's knees quivered and his moans were joined by the hungry hums of his mother. Lex's tasty cock won't keep her satisfied for long.

Without warning, although Zyra seemed perfectly calm and collected, Zam cried out and lurched forward as orgasm hit him hard. Zyra bent backwards in turn, her brother's cock deep in her throat as it began to pulse and throb with each hearty spurt of drug-enhanced semen.

Zam would've held himself fully sheathed in her throat if not for her pushing him away somewhat so only the head of his cock remained between her lips, suckling on it and letting thick and yummy sperm fire off onto her tongue.

"F-fuck..."

Zyra let her brother go with both mouth and hands while he still leaked onto the heated tiles. She then turned him towards mother with a hand on his ass and kissed the tip. "Give me a baby brother, Zammy."

Her request pushed Zam straight into his mother, eager to do just that despite cumming just now and still leaking. Leia cried out in pleasure around Lex's cock who got onto his knees on the table and was steadily thrusting into her mouth. Father and son spitroasted their wife and mother respectively.

"Welcome to the fun, love!" 

"Ngh, should've joined sooner!"

"Better late than never." Zyra added as she sat on the sturdy table next to her spitroasted mother while pumping two fingers into her cunt.

Zam pounded away at his mother's perfect pussy, parting silken flesh over and over again while churning the cum he leaked into a lewd froth inside her. The thrusts made Leia's whole body jostle on the table and make her moans even more disjointed than what Lex did when he regularly plunged down her throat mid-moan.

Deep down Zam felt utterly silly. Such bliss has been right here all along and all he had to do was ask. Seeing father, mother and sister looking so carnal and beautiful as they shared in incestual love, how happy they were that he has finally joined them. It was perfect and with vigor, he gave his mother a fucking she won't forget. It'll be a great memory and story to tell how their baby was conceived; with mommy spitted on two hard and loving cocks.

Zam gladly dumped his load after ten minutes of rapid and rough thrusting with Zyra, being the good sister that she is, milked her brother's cock so not a drop was wasted. Lex gave mother her daily semen dose straight down her throat before pulling out.

Zyra was there to clean their cocks of any stray sperm that mother's pussy and mouth missed while the two femboys panted and the scent of musky perspiration filling the air like the most primal of perfumes.

Afterwards the younger femboy realised he was going to be woefully late to his first class if he didn't get going right now! Before he could rush to his room to get dressed, Lex grabbed his wrist.

"No need for clothes. You're getting your uniform there anyways."

"B-but my commlink and-"

"We'll get those to you tomorrow." The older femboy responded and dragged his son away with Zyra giggling and waving. "Don't worry, little bro, I'll eat up anything mom decides to let slip!"

++++++++++++++

It was a test of his nerve, Zam thought that as he sat naked in the car while it sped down the less scenic route with Lex at the wheel. When father was concerned, speed limits weren't a thing and the millions of small streets that turn the city into a crazy web was where it was at.

It was on an instinctual level to drive fast and recklessly, something Lex couldn't curb no matter what he did or with whom he was in the car. Today it just happened to be of use, though, as time was short.

Zam hadn't strayed too far from the main, well-lit and frequented high-rise avenues and shopping malls and so seeing anything less came as a shock to him while Lex seemed perfectly at home. It was no secret both parents came from low backgrounds but he had never imagined it would be places like this.

Dark buildings, faulty electronics, sleazy bars and even a small marketplace bustling with all walks of life. Zam only saw glimpses of the small trucks and tram lights coming from vents as the lifeblood of the city flowed. The tale skyline cast a log and dark shadow over these parts in the morning and afternoon, making the flickering lights to be kept on at all times. 

He'd always heard about the regions beyond the fences of the inner-city where rape, violence and greater deviancy was commonplace. This was still within the fence so he couldn't even imagine how bad it must be out there.

The two were silent except the loud whine of electric motors until the car broke out onto a ramp that led back to flashy and opulence of the upper tiers. At first Zam was confused where they were due to the angle but he realised they were heading towards the academy from the south and not the long way from up north.

"We'll be heading to a different entrance. But don't tell anybody, okay? Headmaster Ora would have my head if more knew." Lex said as he turned into a small street behind the walled-off complex that was surrounded by office buildings. One stood out amongst the rest with it being fairly squat and far too close to the academy walls.

Zam blushed as he saw a woman dressed in nothing but high heels, thong and tube top be pressed against the darkened glass of the building and steadily pounded by some man dressed in a padded bodysuit. He looked like a thug. Lex parked the car right in front of the closed sliding doors just a bit away from the couple. 

From up-close he noticed it was in fact a femboy being fucked, his expression of utter and mind-numbing bliss. 

"Well, former Headmaster." Lex said and got out of the car while still nude. Zam reluctantly followed and felt eyes stare at him as he suddenly spotted all the human and alien men and women that had been just out of sight, all dressed in the similar bodysuit. Femboys were mostly nude amongst them and in various stages of submissiveness.

The young femboy gulped in both fear and arousal as they all looked at him with hungry eyes. Especially terrifying was the fact many were Zaerus females. The furred women were tall and hid sinewy muscle under it all. They frequently forced their eggs upon others to serve as incubators, be it male or female.

"Stick with me." Lex whispered and gently pulled towards the door. The two were watched intently as they did so with Lex tapping a section of the door in a sequence. Zam was surprised when an electronic voice came through.

"Password." It simply demanded in its emotionless voice just as the man made the femboy squeal happily as his lover pumped a load straight into him.

Lex whispered something and the door slid open to lead into a dimly-lit and well-furnished lobby. The carpet was soft under their bare feet and red dominated the room with drapes, furniture and the walls a dark red.

"Welcome back to the Rosellate Club, Alexa." Chirped the voice.

"Alexa?"

"That's my full name." Alexa said a bit strangely. "And this was my home."

"This looks like a sex club." Zam observed as one of the drapes were pushed aside and a tall Asir male with nothing but a length of burnished red silk covering his privates came into the room and spoke with a bass fitting for such a large male.

"Because it is, child." The alien said. Zam blushed before the mustachioed and quite massive man, if a bit surprised. "Alexa, my dear. I didn't think I'd see you ever again."

Zam saw his father blush for the first time as he scratched his head. "Thought so, too, but that was almost three decades ago."

"Twenty-five years, to be exact." The asir said. "Please, take a seat."

"Uhh, dad? I don't think I have the time for this." Zam mumbled.

"For classes? Don't worry, you'll be excused and brought up to speed." 

Zam guessed this was Oro and he followed father to the small and comfortable two-seater, sitting close and holding hands.

Oro sat as well, the silk conforming to his prodigious member, and snapped his fingers. Two dark-skinned and smiling femboys came out with platters full of drinks wearing red fuck-me heels, lacy halter stockings up their curvy legs and a tube top, their quite thick cocks fully exposed with thick red cockrings at the base. Zam stifled a gasp as he saw the rings had their names.

'Julia' and 'Firesa' respectively.

Alexa took a red jelly shot, downing it immediately while Zam took the cherry liqueur to sip.

Zam hadn't quite expected both of his parents would come from a sex worker background, not that he thought any less of them because of it. In fact, he thought it exciting. The two boys then turned around, revealing they had vibrating plugs stuffed inside them as they disappeared behind the curtains.

Zam's face was beet red at this point.

"I was delighted to see your beautiful son has enrolled in Rosellate. I could recognise my genestock anywhere." Oro said, smiling softly while Alexa blushed yet again.

"I just thought it'd do him some good, alright? Besides, he won't be working the club like I did." Alexa said and set the glass onto the coffee table in front of him.

"Quite true. Femboys have it hard in striking out in many areas outside of being sexual toys and slaves." Oro said with a slight smirk while sitting supine against the backrest of his cushioned armchair.

"That true, dad?" Zamuel asked, though he understood one of the reasons why this might be true. 

Alexa nodded and squeezed his son's hand firmly. "It's an addiction. We're bred for sex specifically. At least, that was the original intention the group Oro is part of had. Don't know if that changed since I left."

His tone wasn't accusatory or condemning as he spoke of a cabal of people that bred and produced men who were designed to be addicted to sex and be sex toys. Zam more wondered about such a society a lot more than he was terrified of it. For now.

"Like how our minds just shutdown." Zam said with Alexa nodding again. "Why make us?"

The asir chuckled and softly whistled for another femboy to appear. With milky skin, slanted eyes and thin body, the boy was had his small breasts exposed with only a thin strip of silk covering his groin. It was useless in its design as each lithe step revealed his small member and the well-trimmed pubic hair surrounding the base. His bare and plump behind was nearly wholly covered by the alien's large hand as he pulled him into his lap.

The boy looked a picture of contentment, sitting there across the armchair in Oro's lap with his bare feet up in the air and smiling softly.

"Because of this, Zamuel." Oro said as he swept a hand across the boy's belly and semi-flat chest. "To create beauty in all its glorious and androgynous forms."

Zam shifted a bit, his cock reacting to the picture before him. An adorable and beautiful femboy resting in his large and handsome master's lap, both a carnal and romantic image to behold. It had much greater meaning somewhere in his subconscious, something that has been in his very genetic code. Inherited from his father. He glanced towards Lex, seeing him watch the scene with a slight glaze over his steel-grey eyes.

The femboy couldn't really argue against what the asir said. There was no doubt that femboys were incredibly desirable and considered very beautiful for combining features of both male and female. The sight in front of him looked perfectly natural to him. Would non-femboy people look at this differently?

While Zam mused, Oro continued speaking. "My associates and I created Rosellate to make you feel welcome, to be around those who truly understand you. And who better understands that than another femboy?"

Milky cooed when Oro gave his small swells a gentle stroke, the bundles of nerves there lighting up with pleasure.

This seemed to shake Alexa out of his daze. "And yet you ship us off to men and women to be used as sex toys. You perpetuate this, you, Rosellate and whomever else you associate with."
