 The drive back was quiet with Zamuel's mother at the wheel while he stared at his palm, Rezero's number written on it in thick marker. He thought he'd get a permanent blush from what he's seen in the last hour and still felt his ears burn under his long hair.

No doubt Leiana smelled his sweat and his paranoid mind also added 'and the smell of sex' to it. She didn't say anything, only smile softly as if she knew he wasn't ready to talk at any rate. A gentle ache settled in his balls after the high of arousal faded, having cum twice in a matter of an hour. His cock did jump back up in his tight pants when he thought back to the school, though.

He wondered if his father went through this as well, his cheeks burning up when he thought of him in such a light. His mother did seem to notice it.

"You've been blushing ever since you got out." She asked, looking away from the road as the autopilot kept both of them perfectly safe to do as they please while it drives them back home. "Wanna talk about it?"

Zamuel, like always, bit his lip and glanced at his mother. The latent arousal is still yet to ebb away from him and looked upon his mother with different eyes now. How her supple thighs spread out from the short hem of her revealing dress and ended with one of the most beautiful pairs of feet he's ever seen. Her pedicured toes were painted with special nail polish that changes colour with her mood and right now it was a soft rose. They always are when she feels concerned and motherly.

He was one-hundred percent certain she wasn't wearing panties, letting her crotch breathe. Her breasts were firmly held in place by the dress, accentuating their teardrop shape and just the small point of her nipples. His new state of mind got him hard as he realised she isn't wearing anything else but this dress, grunting as his cock slipped out of the thong and dragged against the insides of his pants.

It wasn't wrong, it didn't feel wrong, and he always wondered why his father or mother never made love to him like many of his classmates had been done to them. "Why didn't you ever sleep with me, Mom?"

Her face took on a solemn look, regretting to hear him ask her that. "I wanted to, baby, I just didn't want to force myself on you."

Zamuel's first sexual experiences of today told him he quite liked it, men grabbing, groping and stroking. Today was quite eye-opening and he took a deep breath to release the ball in his throat before undoing his pants. She'd seen him naked hundreds of times and vice versa and yet being seen hard by her made his ears burn with shame, groaning when his cock slipped out fully erect and throbbing.

He heard Leiana gasp softly, staring at his length before looking at him. "You sure?"

He nodded. "I-I'd like to make love to you, mom..."

Leiana hesitated, looking at him and then at his cock before once again settling on his face. Slowly she got up in her seat and slipped a hand across her side, the material dividing as it passed to reveal her bare side. After reaching her armpit, she took her dress off and set it aside, turning back towards him.

Her nigh perfect breasts moved with each deep breath, her aureolas a light rose with meaty nipples capping them. Her whole body was curvaceous and lots of toned flesh but her skin was tight as ever despite her age. A bright smile was on her face when she saw Zamuel's cock pulsate harder as he looked at her with lusty eyes.

"I had hoped you'd fuck me eventually but looks like this school did the job for us." She said with a giggle before climbing onto the seat and went over to sit in his lap. With a reach to the side, the backrest lowered itself until he lay there with her on sitting astride him, her large and meaty gash grinding against his cock. Only a landing strip of dark pubic hair decorating her mound.

"Ngh..." Zamuel grunted out and stifled a moan from the sensation of her wet folds dragging across his length. The liquid heat pouring off of her was almost scalding and he gasped when she gently slid him in. Her motherly pussy clung to him like a silken glove, hitting every spot imaginable. It was a miracle he didn't cum right then and there. "M-mom...y-you on the pill?"

Zamuel didn't know how she went about that and was shocked when she said, "Mmm, no. I'd be a poor mother if I used protection with my baby."

"B-but..." He tried to speak but she shushed him as she slowly revealed her more sensual side. How much she lusted after him and his cock as her hips began to rotate and churn her own pussy with it.

"When I saw into what a beautiful boy you've grown up, I told your father that I won't have any more children with him until you put a baby in me. You're going to give me a baby, won't you, Zamuel?" Leiana's voice was husky and seductive as she spoke of wanting his children.

Zamuel remembered Farro's one-year-old son he had with his mother, many of his male former classmates went out to put a baby in their mother or a sister as well and stared at his own mother as she set about doing the same. Groaning and turned on beyond belief, he grabbed her hips and humped into her, making her gasp and coo.

"Ngh...yes, Zam, fuck your mother. Give her a beautiful baby." She moaned out as she lifted herself up a bit to let him thrust properly into her cunt. "F-fuck...your cock feels so perfect inside me..."

Zamuel could say the same for her pussy. It clung perfectly to his cock and slid in with mind-boggling ease while still remaining tight enough to squeeze him just right. "You feel amazing, mom!"

His wide hips worked as hard as they could in thrusting himself deep into Leiana while producing the sweetest of sounds from her mouth. He didn't stop there, though, and slipped a hand towards her crotch to flick and tease her clit. That upped the octave on her moans.

Sadly he wasn't one for lasting and made his mother gasp as he cried out and pumped out a weak load inside her without warning. It was pitiful as he was drained from before and felt intense shame as he lay there and fire even worse than blanks. 

Leiana laid down on top of him, her large breasts spreading over his small chest, and claimed his lips with her own. The kiss was loving and the shame ebbed away, leaving only happiness and warmth that only a mother could provide to her child.

Stroking his cheek still, she pulled away and smiled down at him. "Don't worry, baby, we'll try again when you got more."

She reassured him and Zam looked upon his mother's carnal form with amazement. Slowly Leiana got off, letting her son's cock free of her silky sex that is yet to cum, and let Zam watch as her pussy clenched above it. The first pearly globs of semen appeared and splattered across his cock and hairless crotch. Once his whole meager load coated his groin, she went to cleaning her son up with her lusty mouth and tongue.

Zam simply panted and groaned as she does so, hands rushing to dig his fingers into her perfect and silky raven locks. His mother's past wasn't a secret to him or his twin sister, that she was a former gene-modded sex toy. Her mouth and pussy were absolutely perfect and he found himself prematurely firing a few more drops as his small balls went dry.

Father worked as a high-class sex toy, bringing home a lot of money from wealthy clients. It was ironic that his wife worked in a biotechnology megacorp as a scientist.

Leiana popped off of his cock and licked her lips just as the car gently slid into the parking spot in front of the tall and massive skyscraper they called home. Leiana didn't bother dressing but she did wipe herself clean as public nudity was far from illegal.

The skyscraper and the surrounding buildings were all part of the same group with their own shops, parks and entertainment like the local night club, forming a small neighbourhood.

Zam slipped his cock back into his pants and got out. It was an entirely different experience to see his mother nude and only in high heels. It was infinitely more erotic than any of the times when both went nude and barefoot to the pool. When Zam was asked about his neighbourhood, he found it easiest to just call it nudist as it was common place to see his neighbours go about their day in the nude even outside their apartments.

His eyes were drawn to the clear and tall glass windows of the ground floor gym as sweaty and naked men and women exercised. Just behind him was the beautiful green park where yoga was taking place, beautiful bodies bending in such amazing ways...

The clacks of his mother's heels drew him back to reality as she started walking towards the glass automated doors that lead into the lobby with her hand bag and dress in her hands. Zam followed with a blush and restrained hard on.

The lobby was enormous as it served also as the neighbourhood's social and entertainment center with two restaurants, two clubs (one day and one night), four stores, the entry to the gym and several other necessities. It was noon and the place was as lively as ever.

Zam stood out like a sore thumb as barefoot and naked people ate, talked and enjoyed their time. Instead of clothing to make themselves colourful, a culture around skin mods that either glow or change the colour of the skin had sprung up so the pink hue of flesh was joined by myriad of colours and designs. Zam and many others who went to work outside the nudity-friendly zones weren't the exceptions either and he remembered he had the mod when he saw a man in a suit trek across the lobby towards the door, having forgotten to will the facial blue markings away.

"Richard, you got something on your face." Leiana said with a giggle and Richard looked confused before realising. The markings faded away, replaced by his normal skin tone and thanked Leiana.

The tall and handsome man was a close friend of Zam's mother. Both work in the same company and Zam wouldn't be surprised if she was sleeping with him on the regular.

"Thanks, Leia. Hey, Zam, you two been somewhere?" Leiana willed her characteristic swirl markings to reappear once more on her breasts, shoulders and belly with Zam needing to be in front of a mirror to finally figure out what kind he wants.

"Took Zam to his school's opening ceremony, remember?"

Richard slapped his forehead, looking sheepish. "Oh right! Well, I'm gonna miss you at work, haha."

"You'll live." Leiana said with a giggle while Zam awkwardly waited. Richard then gave Leiana a kiss on the cheek and rushed outside.

Zam knew a lot of his neighbours, having played with their kids but unfortunately all of them went to a different basic school and had a slight resentment towards him for his femboyish looks. After he graduates, he planned to find a place with more people like him.

"Think dad and Zyra are home?" He asked his mother as they headed towards the elevators, passing by people and the rare security officer. Security officers were tall and powerful humans that are so enhanced that it's easier to say they are post-human. Their most conspicuous feature, outside being seven feet tall and built to match, were the keratinous growths on their foreheads.

Their skin-tight bodysuits bore defensive plates all over and were of a pale blue colour. On his massive chest rested the mark of the corporation that made him, the greek letter alpha in a red square.

Zam always felt the same emotion when he saw them just like when he was eight and saw one for the first time up-close. A sense of apprehension. Even now he remembers the spiel the security captain made them watch as part of the orientation course.

"With a tradition refined over four centuries and finest technologies, we bring you the finest security Earth has to offer!" Said the female voice while on the screen were shown the veritable giants in various heroic poses and situations. "No cybernetics involved! Only the finest breeding, diet and biotechnologies have made these men and women possible! Alpha Security, put your safety in our hands!"

The only female Zam has seen was the security captain. As tall as her male subordinates but a lot smarter, too. When it comes to the rules and the like. Her eyebrows were replaced by thick keratinous growths that gave her an even fiercer look than she already is. Though he always noticed she had an uncharacteristic bulge between her legs.

Here she was now. She stepped out of the elevator, the machine visibly ascending an inch as the weight got off. In her plated bodysuit and short-cropped red hair, she looked like a soldier. Leiana smiled at the towering woman.

"I hope all is well, sir?"

Zam made sure to have Leiana between himself and the captain. All of them were very nice to civilians, even to troublemakers, but he knew why said troublemakers stopped causing trouble after their one-day suspension in the station.

"Everything is fine, Leiana." The captain said with a pleased smile before continuing on to the reception desk where two women and a S.O were working. Well, usually there were two but the pleased expression on the officer's face was enough for Zam to know where the other one is.

"I don't think so. Didn't see his car on the lot. I'm still curious what happened in those two hours you were gone." His mother finally answered as he swept her left palm over the elevator control panel. With a soft and welcoming noise, the panel's screen activated and displayed the available floors. The building was almost three-hundred stories tall with only two dozen floors available to her.

The first dozen were public spaces with the pool, interior parks and gardens with the next floor being a security point. Every two dozen floors was another one. Leiana pressed the 34th floor and Zam followed in.

The inertial dampeners inside the glass cylindrical cabin removed any feeling of movement as they ascended and left the lobby for a brightly lit lift tube. They quickly arrived at the security station which was just a tall viewport with a subtle scanning array built into the sides while a S.O sat there to check the readings and make visual confirmation.

Much to the two human's excitement and surprise, the post-human had the front of his bodysuit undone all the way to the crotch. Zam hadn't seen it so blatantly before, his eyes locked to the enormous more than a foot-long and veiny phallus and the immense balls beneath. A woman with short and green hair had her hands full with his girth and popped lewdly off of the fat head to reveal it's covered in firm nubs.

The officer wasn't disturbed to be seen and neither was the girl. Zam waved sheepishly as the man pushed a button and him and his mother were back on their way,

"They breed them huge, don't they." Leiana said with a giggle and looked to her son who was still being a prude. She stepped closer, reaching out for his pants. Before Zam could do anything, his mother's deft hands have already unbuttoned his pants and dragged them down alongside his thong.

"Mom!" He cried but she wasn't listening as she quickly undressed her stunned son until she could see him in all his feminine beauty. Her eyes roved hungrily over his body, smiling at him. 

"Thongs are for outside of home. No need to wear them here."

Zam blushed as he only had his high heels, looking like a corner whore. Not to say they were bad...

"Fine..." He finally said and removed his hands from covering his privates but he still felt embarrassed so he turned his cock, sack and swells on his chest into dark ebony. The elevator door opened with a sigh and the pair set out into the floor lobby where a father and his twelve-year-old son were heading out to play. 

Zam and Leia waved to them before giving a friendly suggestion that they don't use the elevator they came out. The boy still had a couple of years before explicitly seeing and engaging in that sort of play. 

The residential floors were a cluster of apartments with the lobby in the middle of it. Zam's family had one on the outer edges, giving them a nice view out to the front of the skyscraper and beyond into the metropolis. Everyone was still at work or outside their apartments so they got to the door of their home without distractions. Leiana again swept her wrist and they were in.

As expected, Zyra and Lex weren't home yet.

"Wasn't sis' ceremony at the same time as mine?" He asked as he dumped his clothing onto the floor of his room.

"Yeah. But remember that when those two are concerned, it can take ages."

"Being busy fucking all the time..." Zam grumbled and headed to the bathroom. "I'm taking a shower!"

++++++++++++++

It was growing darker while the young femboy lazed about on his bed as the events of today kept rushing through his mind, much the same how the tail lights of thousands of vehicles rushed about the never-sleeping city. His large room was illuminated by the multi-coloured lights of the surrounding buildings and he was too lazy to mute or even turn the tall windows opaque.

Reds, blues and yellows danced across his feminine and nude body, his member hard from the memories. His soft cheeks were flushed red and he screwed his eyes shut in an attempt to drive them away. But to no avail.

He has yet to call Rezero, always glancing at the smudged number on his palm and far too embarrassed to call the older boy after polishing his and his brother's long cock. Even now they were vivid in his mind. Only a year divided them and were incredibly similar upon a first glance but Zamuel knew their difference where it mattered.

Rezero was shorter than his older sibling by an inch or two, but was fatter because of it. His balls proved to be fatter, as well, and Zamuel felt envy to see such hung femboys of seven and eight inches respectively. The older boy didn't last long inside his mouth once the slut inside Zam came out to play, and soon cum that had a sweet taste to it spurted onto his awaiting tongue.

It was a sense of irony that Zam felt when he found out Heart's true name. Samuel. Rezero introduced them while Zam was working Samuel towards orgasm and at the time he hadn't thought of it much, the realisation settling only a couple of hours ago. Samuel seemed to like the fact he was called the same but with a Z as his cock twitched eagerly soon afterwards, letting him have a taste of his own cum.

When he had his first taste of utterly disgusting semen like Tulis', everything else seemed ten times better. Zam wouldn't rate Sam's cum higher than his brother's but he couldn't put his finger on the strange hint of something else as he used his tongue to spread it all over his taste buds and mouth.

Zam groaned, turned on beyond belief from the memories of being a slut, but he kept his hands away from his shaft. Instead he turned onto his slim belly, smooshing the still-ebony cock between it and the microfiber pink blanket.

He stared into the full-length mirror that stood next to his extensive wardrobe, or more precisely, himself. Different eyes stared back. They may be the familiar green he always had, but something's changed in them.

While Zamuel dressed flamboyantly, wore thongs and other such sluttish things, he never thought of himself as a sexual being past masturbation. Never lusted for anyone. Which was a miracle or perhaps a curse in today's society depending on whom you ask. But now he looked upon himself in a different light. The same light he saw in his mother, father, sister, and pretty much everybody else he has had close encounters with.

His member throbbed softly beneath him as he thoughtfully twirled a lock of blue-dyed hair around a slim finger before stretching his arm to reach the night stand where he left his commlink. With ear buds in his ears and quick tapping of the number, the femboy waited as the signal rhythmically beeped in its attempt to establish contact.

It was only eight in the night. Zam was sure he wasn't sleeping.
