 It was Oro's voice, the deep bass but this time it came fast and at a higher pitch. Lex had a knowing look on his face while Zam just understood the sounds of wet flesh slapping against wet flesh.

"Uhh, maybe we should wait?" Zam whispered but his father shook his head. The femboy blushed with shame and grew hard at the thought of peeping on Oro and whomever he was having sex with but followed anyways. Lex himself was sporting a hardon as they peeked around the door into the lavish lounge.

The running theme of red wasn't broken in this oval room either. Red drapes lined the walls, flanking many portraits depicting femboys past, making Zam wonder if his father was on any of them. Unlike the crescent bar section, the lounge had a much more open concept with armchairs, couches and beautiful decoration that did little to hide anyone from plain sight. This worked perfectly for the two peeping toms.

Zam found the large blue foot of the asir extending from behind a black granite pillar on which a curvaceous and feminine boy stood in a suggestive pose but hiding his privates and followed it to the thick and muscled thigh when a familiar ass came into view.

It moved back and forth, each motion making Oro moan and Zam quietly gasped to see the large and dominant asir lay on his back on a lounging chair with his legs spread and the pink-haired girl between them, thrusting away. He couldn't see any straps for a strap-on but those couldn't be human balls swinging between her legs. Could they?

"Son of a bitch," Lex whispered in excitement as he witnessed the same thing. "The bastard finally did it."

"He did what?" Zam asked, watching with rapt attention as he saw the glistening wetness of something coating Oro's exposed backside while the girl's wide hips kept on moving at a steady pace.

"You'll see." Lex responded vaguely and Zam did just that, his hand wandering down to stroke his hardon as he got into this voyeur thing.

Oro's moans kept on coming, a strange noise to hear from a confident being such as the tall asir from a while ago. The sack underneath added its own lewd and wet smack with each thrust.

"Deeper..." He heard Oro say breathlessly and the girl lifted his left leg up while raising her own right one to get into position that let her fuck her master's needy depths. The upraised leg let Zam see more clearly. The sack was indeed attached to the girl's perineum. This was no sex toy!

But what's that? Something dripped onto the lounge chair beneath her. She had a pussy, too! A female hermaphrodite?!

"Yup. First of her kind. Human kind, that is." Lex said as the two gazed upon history. Indeed, hermaphroditism was an impossibility despite the advanced technologies employed in genetic modification. Cybernetic attachments were available for women but they couldn't come close to the real thing. This, however, was more akin to seeing a miracle. Attempts to produce hermaphroditic humans have all resulted in well-documented failures.

In fact, it was used as a primary example to show genetic modification was not an all-powerful field of science. Something about hormonal imbalance causing severe psychological and physiological issues is what Zam remembered at the top of his head.

But here she was, the first human woman with a quite-functioning vagina and a working penis! And how big those balls were, Zam had a feeling she had duties other than keeping the club chugging along without a hitch!

"I'm getting close...a-ah, master..." She panted out as she filled the air with wonderful noises of slick and squelching copulation.

"Cum inside me, Shazara. Give me a baby!" Oro demanded loudly of her which hardly intimidated the girl. Instead she upped the pace into a staccato before ramming herself as deep as she could and put on a show for the two voyeurs with how her sack and big balls within bobbed up and down with each pulse, filling Oro full of her most-likely-fertile herm sperm.

"Just like Oro to parade her around in the club, too." Zam's father said as Shazara emptied her balls deep inside the large alien's pussy.

"Shouldn't he? It's a great achievement, dad."

"Yeah but...nevermind. Let's wait for him to clean up."

The two femboys waited and Zam figured people would think it's a really well-hidden penis cybernetic instead of thinking it's actually the real deal. Once enough time passed, the two quietly entered the lounge and saw Oro was talking quietly to Shazara who intently listened.

She was fully exposed with her half-hard cock resting against her thigh as she relaxed on the chair. Oro looked quite happy to see the two femboys, smiling and gesturing they come forward.

"Alexa, Zamuel, I hope the current staff of the club are to your liking?"

"They are great, master Oro!" Zam said quite happily.

"At least your taste in men hasn't changed for the worse. Although, can't say about the women." Lex commented, looking to Shazara's endowment. "I thought you didn't like cybernetics."

Oro shrugged, still smiling. "Even old asir like me change once a red moon."

He then set his cobalt eyes on Zam. "Ready to start living the Rosellate lifestyle, Zamuel?"

Zamuel matched his gaze and nodded firmly.

++++++++++++++

Zamuel inspected himself in his brand new uniform. The scent of chemicals the synthweavers used was still heavy underneath the rose fragrance. He looked quite serious, what with his hair pulled up into a tight ponytail, rosy lipstick and a bit of eyeliner.

The uniform itself was made of prime synth with the jacket being comfortable cotton and the white shirt underneath of breathable synthweave. The thigh-high stockings were of the same breathable material and his miniskirt gave a good show of skin. Many hung femboys had the tips visible from underneath the hem as no panties were allowed on academy grounds. Not even teachers could wear any!

The weave room he was in was staffed by a student and the design teacher who were busy with pumping out custom-made uniforms today with Zamuel's being the last. 

Teachers wore their own uniforms with asir culture in mind. A wide strip of pale-white silk covered their crotch and backside while having a form-fitting gray bodysuit hugging their upper body that left shoulders and arms bare. Their legs were clad in gray boots that reached high up to mid-thigh, the heels high as student high-heels.

Madame Leno was a former femboy as old as Zam's father with additional mods added into the mix. She had her former flat chest be enhanced into a proud pair of D-cup breasts but also added a few inches to her cock among other things that make her look like a hung dickgirl. She watched Zam twirl around on one heel.

"Everything just right? My program is perfect so I can imagine it is." She said confidently and Zamuel nodded.

Indeed, the program has produced the best outfit for him that accentuated his curves just right and the skirt was just the right length to show off a part of his bare ass. "This is perfect, Madame Leno."

"Very good. I'll have two more sets made. Don't worry about gym clothes. Gym classes are in the nude." She said and tapped on her tablet twice to order the weavers into action. She adjusted her glasses swept away her ponytail of platinum-blonde hair. "They'll be waiting for you in your master's bedroom. Nudity is allowed in the dormitory and common room. Outside of that you are required to wear the uniform or our security will punish you."

"Oh. So me coming here naked was an exception?" 

The woman nodded and then ushered him out into the hall with his tablet. "Homeroom class will soon begin. You don't want to miss it."

Before Zam could say thanks, the door closed in his face.

Thankfully his tablet told him everything and soon he was going through the door into a fairly loud classroom. Femboys in uniform chatted and have already formed loose cliques. The tablet won't tell him how to socialize and make friends with others, unfortunately and was at a loss what to do when a familiar face appeared before him.

It was Xero! The boy's cute face had a happy smile grace it. "Zammy! We're in the same class!"

"Xero? Really? Oh that's awesome!"

The two hugged and immediately had to commemorate this event with a picture. They caught in the picture a third silly face of their homeroom teacher; Madam Steros. He stuck his tongue out, giggling afterwards before shooing away the two femboys to their seats.

Everyone watched him sashay down the middle row, passing between Xero and Zam while the silk lengths fluttered before him. Everyone caught the slight whiff of musk when he passed and Zam figured there was a distinct trend between the teachers; they were all hung.

Steros walked up to the board facing the class and began to write his name in full in neat handwriting. He was tall for a femboy with the heels only adding onto it. His crimson hair was kept in a tight braid that went down his back

"I am Madam Sera Steros, and I will be your homeroom teacher for all four years while you are here. I also teach two of your first five classes for this semester so we'll become really close very quickly."

He licked his lips as he said that. Due to utmost secrecy, none of the first years knew exactly what the classes entailed but it was easy to assume it was sexual in nature.

"My duties as homeroom teacher are exactly the same as in Basic. Announcements, requests and other such matters." He continued and settled onto his desk in a relaxed pose that made the silk adapt to the contours of his prodigious manhood, making almost half of the fourteen classmates drool, including Xero.

"However, through me you also earn Roses, the academy currency you use to purchase drinks, supplies and food either on the machines, the academy store or in the mess hall. You all started with a hundred and I already see some have spent some already."

Zam remembered that liquor vending machine back in the common room. He had ninety-seven left after that vodka mixer.

"Now, how do students earn Roses? Well, each grade you get earns you Roses up to a maximum of two hundred. Excess is lost so you have to spend and save wisely. There are other ways of getting them by finishing special tasks each week. This class this week has me and Madam Leno."

Everyone listened intently as he gave them the basic rundown of how the school works and the three other teachers they will have for their first semester. From her name alone Zam was daunted when Steros talked about the gym teacher.

The board had pictures ready with Mistress Rusan's being that of a muscle-bound and naked dickgirl. She had streaks of gray in her brown hair and several scars across her toned body. The picture itself must've been taken during gym class as she watched over a cadre of nude femboys running laps.

"Veteran of the fringe, Michael, now Micha, Rusan is a former mercenary and sole survivor of an encounter with the highly-advanced matriarchal civilization known as the Veridea Dominion and newest member of the Civilized coalition. Her changes remained permanent but do not think her for a chump. Understood?"

Everyone quietly nodded and Steros switched to the next one. Another femboy with a bald and tattooed head who taught mathematics, physics and chemistry, much to everyone's disappointment. His picture had him naked as he lounged with his small nose buried in an old quantum physics book. Madam Fleis.

"It's easier than you think. And he sells most drugs for you to use."

And the final picture was that of a long-haired beauty dressed in nothing at all but goggles while stroking his long and fat equine cock over a petri dish, much to the excitement of the students. The set of balls in him were impressive, as large as Mistress Rusans!

"And finally biology, genetics and modification. Madam Turen will teach you all about your modifications, how to take care of them and, if you ace his class, get a gene-mod of your choosing. He is also the academy doctor so don't be scared to ask him for health advice."

"What about you, Madam Steros?" One in the back asked, getting giggles in response.

"Me? Oh, I think I got one with my good side." He said and searched around on the smaller screen before blowing up the picture. It was one of him in his naked and hung glory among many other femboys similar to him, his tongue out and winking for the camera. A medal was on his chest.

"Got the 'best teacher' award last year. All four years voted positive and won by a mile." He said proudly. "That's pretty much it. You guys have free reign for the rest of the day. I'll be here 'til the end of class but you can find me in my office."

Quite a few skirts were tented and the girls looked at each other before looking straight at Madam Steros who just giggled and nodded.

Skirts were lifted and mouths opened with some being so bold as bending over their desk as lust overtook them. Zam yelped when Xero dove under his desk and grabbed his cock. Before Zam could even cry out the boy's name, he was already engulfed by the horny femboy and being pushed deeper still.

"Xero! W-what are you doing, ngh..." Zam cried out and only got a slurping noise as a response that was quickly drowned out by the moans of the other femboys as a small orgy took place. The two tables in front of him groped at each other with the aroused loser clambering onto Zam's desk and promptly filled with cock. 

The boy's cute cock bobbed up and down, decorated with a jacob's ladder, right in front of Zamuel who licked his lips and bent forward to start kissing and licking the leaking tip. His second lover quite appreciated his warm mouth as he spurted a rope of pre straight onto Zam's tongue while the dark-skinned boy behind him pounded his ass.

The bucks soon forced Zam to engulf more, not that he didn't want to suck this beautiful boy's amazing and tasty cock, and hummed as it slid across his tongue, carrying with it a taste of metal from the barbell jacob's ladder.

Xero below started to deepthroat his friend, coaxing cries of pleasure out of the femboy that were muffled with a cock of his own. Xero must've sucked cock for a living as he was as good as Zyra, minus the mods. Even then orgasm was barreling down on Zam, pushing him to go faster and harder on both Xero's face and the cock in his mouth.

Having one's ass railed and cock assaulted proved too much for the boy to handle and soon sweet semen fired into Zam's mouth and a rush of dopamine, just like when Rezero and Samuel came in his mouth, slammed into his brain. It sent him over the edge and pushed his cock down Xero's gullet to dump his load straight into the boy's belly.

There was lots of sperm for the lusty femboy as the effects of the virility patch were still present and how much Xero happily hummed, the cumming femboy figured he liked that very much. With the boy squeezing hard due to orgasm while Zam sucked him dry, the thrusting one cried out and pumped his lover's asshole full of sperm.

Jacob slid off of the desk on wobbly legs and pulled Zam into a fierce kiss while he was playing with his cum. Driven by lust, they swapped the cum back and forth with the boy behind watching hungrily.

"Dirty whores." He said in a thick african accent, biting his lip and Zam took it as a compliment, winking back before swallowing his share of sweet femboy semen.

Madam Steros, his flap pushed aside by his foot-long cock that bobbed with each step, distributed wipes and tampons that everyone used liberally once that was out of their system. Zam hadn't quite expected this to happen or for the teacher to explicitly condone class orgies but he could say that he freaking loved it!

Zam didn't take any wipes, licking his lips clean with Xero loudly cleaning his musky cock that the boy didn't have the time to properly clean other than by his sister. Slowly Xero let go, leaving Zam's cock glistening with his spit and got up to show his own cock had fired, too.

Guess he really did need wipes after all!

After Xero's mess was cleaned up, the two satisfied femboys introduced themselves to Jacob and his impromptu lover.

"I'm Zamuel. It's nice to meet you." He said with a smile to both, waving as that was the Rosellate custom.

"And I'm Xero." The cute femboy said as he fixed up his short hair with hair gel from his bag.

"Era." Said the boy with the piercings while the dark-skinned beauty introduced himself as Tesana.

It wasn't surprising the the four hit it off quite well. Orgies were good ways in making friends in Rosellate, it seemed. Some were going for round two in class, thrusting away at a boy lucky enough to be caught still on his knees by the lusty girls. School markings were also talked about with Xero having a crescent moon, Era had a tongue and Tesana wore a mark in the shape of a thick circle.

Before they knew it, the bell rang and femboys began to file out. Tablets chirped as masters messaged their slaves and the four were no exceptions. Everyone was giddy with excitement with Zam sharing the feeling as he opened Rezero's message.

'Fuckmeat,' The message began and Zam shivered to be called that, 'my classes end in an hour and a half. Meet me in front of the dorms.'

He quickly typed up a response. 'Yes, master'

Despite cumming less than an hour ago, he couldn't help but get hard again as the four stepped out into the bustling hallway full of freshmen. The teachers were obvious as they were usually a head above the students and dressed in their promiscuous gray bodysuits. 

Madam Fleis could be seen chatting with a couple of his students from class A while Madam Turen was homeroom teacher for class D, his bestial endowment hidden within a meaty and blotched sheathe. His balls were fairly exposed as the silken flap was too narrow to hide the edges of his sack as he walks.

A deep blush crept up Zam's face and it was easy to see how enamored Turen's girls were with him. 

"Fuck, he's hung..." Tesana murmured, looking in the same direction. If the nubian beauty said that, hung as he is, then there was no comparison!

"And those balls. They must be so full..." Zam commented, feeling somewhat jealous that class D got him.

"Any of you had lunch yet? Outside of cum, I mean." Xero asked as his stomach grumbled. Semen was tasty and all but wasn't a proper diet no matter how much the femboys wanted it to be. It was around two so perfect time for lunch.

The other three agreed and headed for the mess hall that was in the central building.

"What did your master send you?" Xero asked while they walked, arm in arm with Era and Tesana a few steps in front doing the same. Zam blushed and showed him. The femboy giggled and showed him his. His message also had a picture of a dark brown and veiny cock that was decorated with a prince albert piercing. 'I want you in my room naked and ready in two hours, fuckmeat'

Seems fuckmeat was a common term and Xero explained. "Us first years are called freshmen by teachers but the higher years call us fuckmeat. Which we are, when you think about it. Any year can fuck us if they so please."

Electric pleasure went down Zam's spine and into his half-hard cock as he thought about just being taken by an older femboy without warning. He was technically enrolled already and Tulis, the graduate, did just that to him. 'No' wasn't a viable answer.

"This school is so exciting." He responded a bit breathlessly. He wondered if the teachers were like that, too.

They passed the lobby and the reception desk that was manned by two femboys in bodysuits and one security guard who was similar to the one at the guest parking lot. There were no higher years as they seemed to have more classes but it wasn't unusual to see one or two as they went to the bathroom.

One such boy they saw didn't look out of the ordinary all that much as he clacked down the hallway in his heels until he looked in their direction with his pupils being narrow as slits, just like a cats. With a wink he lifted his skirt up to show a small sheathe from which a barbed tip poked out.
