 “Nothing happened.” Kira set her wand down on the table. “I’m never going to learn these spells.”

“I believe in you. You’ll learn them, just don’t give up!”

She looked at Eli sitting next to her. He was always so kind and encouraging. He rarely had any difficulty with magic. It came as natural to him as it was unnatural to her. He didn’t even need a wand as a crutch like she did. Even the way his clothes fit was perfect and he was so cute she couldn’t help but feel tingles in some places and blushing in others.

She sighed and picked up her wand. Then she focused on the crystal in front of her. It had been carved into a sphere and perfectly polished to a shine. Her hands waved her wand in the pattern shown in the book. She spoke the words while willing the sphere to lift off its stand.

The sphere wobbled, then lifted half an inch. It floated there, shaking and wobbling until finally it dropped straight down into its cradle.

She growled in frustration. “It’s no use! Even with everything I had all I got was a tiny lift.”

He smiled and touched her arm sending electricity through her body.

“You tried a dozen times and then made progress. You’re doing great!”

“I hardly call that progress,” she said.

“We can try something else if you want.”

She nodded.

“Yes, please.”

“Let’s work on the invisibility spell.”

She flipped through her book until she found the page about the spell and read the instructions.

“See you later, Kira. I’m crashing at Pei’s place tonight so don’t wait up for me.” Her roommate, Helen, often spent Friday nights drinking in the clubs with her best friend Pei and then, assuming they dont find some guys to go home with, going to her apartment for the rest of the evening.

“Later, Hel!”

Helen winked at her, “Eli, if you’re here late and need a bed to crash in you’re welcome to use Kira’s.”

Her heart stopped. She had told Helen about her crush on Eli but she was too shy to take the first step.

Her cheeks burned and her heart restarted beating a million beats per minute. Maybe there’s a killing spell in her book that she can use.

“Bye!” Helen said before she could speak, and shut the door quickly behind her.

She looked over at Eli and was surprised to see he was blushing.

“Okay, so I find one of the things that helps me is to cast my spells while standing up. It keeps you loose and your gestures are smoother,” he said.

She stood and took a couple steps away. After Helen’s comments she was suddenly aware of how tight her shirt was on her breasts. Acting like she was making sure her footing was clear she checked her breasts, and of course, her nipples were poking right out through her shirt like spotlights saying, LOOK HERE!

She took a deep breath to try and calm herself. 

“Okay,” she said, “I’ve been practicing this one. I think I can do it.”

Eli smiled at her, “Of course you can!”

His confidence in her made her feel better. 

She waved her wand in a circle and slashed through it. She focused on willing the crystal to become invisible and felt the familiar jolt through her arm as the spell did its thing. On its cradle, the crystal sphere shimmered and then faded, but didn’t completely disappeared. After a few moments it slowly became more opaque as light returned to its normal flow.

“Excellent!” Eli told her. He was always so much more enthusiastic about her results than she was. He put his arm around her shoulder and gave her a side hug.

She felt her pussy get wet instantly and she took a sharp breath in.

“Let’s try it again.” He said.

“Okay.”

She could feel an explosion of energy in her body. She was so horny and his touches didn’t help. At all. None.

She waved the wand, focused, her arm pulsed with energy, and the crystal popped out of existence. There was no partially about it this time. It was gone.

“There you go! Great job Kira!” Eli gave her a big hug, lifting her off her feet slightly before putting her back down.

“Thanks.” 

He put his hand up for a high five and she slapped it. The movement of her shirt across her nipples send electricity throughout her body and she felt a drip of wetness slowly move down her inner thigh.

“See, its all about practice, and letting your body get used to the spells and what its supposed to do.”

She smiled, “and having a great tutor helps too.”

“Well I hope that’s not all I am to you.” He winked at her. He definitely meant that they were friends, too, and not merely her tutor. Right?

He walked over to the table and picked up the crystal. It became visible in his hand and he started tossing it in his hand.

Kira watched his body move. She felt more drips running down her thighs. She wanted to see him naked so badly. She imagined him pressing into her, his body on top of her.

“Try and make it invisible while its moving.” He tossed it up over and over again.

She tried to focus.

“Remember, the more you want it, the easier it is.”

Right. She tried to focus on the crystal. She imagined it disappearing. She made the motion and it did not go how she planned. Eli caught the still visible sphere in his hand, but his shirt and pants were gone. He stood wearing only his boxers, the only clothing he had which she couldnt see.

She died. Well, she wished she had. There he was, in her apartment, in his underwear, looking at her, and it wasnt because they had had some romantic date with some beer and a dinner leading them to come back to her place. Nope. She was just horny, into him, and sucked at magic. Ta-da!

“Well this is hardly fair.” He said.

“Wh-what?” She stammered. 

He waved his hands.

“Now we’re even.”

She looked down and she was in her bra and panties. They weren’t even her sexy set. If Harry Potter magic was real she would avada kadavra herself right then. But he was smiling, and looking at her body, chubbiness and all, and still smiling. Maybe he did like her. Maybe Hel knew something she didnt. Maybe she just needed to be confident like Hel. In for a penny...

She waved her wand again and his boxers were gone. There he stood naked, or apparently naked, with his clothes invisible, right in front of her. His cock hung partially erect, swelling in front of her.

He waved his hands and she felt her clothes disappear, not just invisible, but gone gone. The air was cool on her breasts and her pussy was so wet the draft of the room felt like having a fan blow cold air from a blast chiller on it. He stepped up to her and took her in his arms and kissed her. She felt his hard cock poking into her and shivers shot across her body and she realized his magic had also removed his clothes.

She kissed him back and put her arms around his shoulders, pushed up on her tip toes, and kissed him harder. She dropped her wand and was barely aware of it clattering on the floor. They stood there kissing so deeply and passionately that time ceased. He reached up and grabbed her right breast squeezing it firmly making her gasp. He bent down and kissed her nipple, then took it into his mouth.

After a minute he switched to her left breast. She gathered up all the courage she could muster and reached down and took his cock in her hand. It was warm and hard and she felt it pulse momentarily when she touched it. Her fingers wrapped around it and she could feel it swell in her grip.

He quickly wrapped her in his arms and picked her up. Eli carried her to the couch where he put her down, gently pushed her back and knelt in front of her. He pulled her legs apart spreading them wide. She watched with rapt attention as he pushed his mouth onto her soaking mound and she gave a squeak when she felt his tongue find her swollen clit. He licked and kissed and sucked on her and without thinking about it started playing with her breasts, rubbing them and pinching and pulling her nipples.

Her clit swelled. Eli’s tongue played across it in ways she had never felt before. His movements were steady regular. She could feel things building deep inside. It grew and filled her until it became so big she couldn’t stop it She jerked and cried out as she began cumming. He didnt stop. He kept licking her clit in just the right way and her orgasm built bigger and bigger. She cried out with each wave. Finally, with a scream, it subsided.

He started kissing upwards, across her tummy, across her breasts, and giving each nipple a kiss, then moving on. He moved up her neck, down her jawline, and then kissed her lips. Softly at first, then deeply. She needed him so badly. She held up her had and swished it. Magic flowed through her like it never had before. 

Eli was spun and pushed onto the couch. She dropped onto her knees hard, rattling some plates on the coffee table nearby. She took hold of his rock hard cock with her hand and dropped her face onto it. She felt him push across her tongue and the roof of her mouth. She was so excited she wasnt even aware she had used magic without her wand. Her need was strong and primal and her focus and desire clear. She sucked greedily. She could feel his surprise and also his pleasure. It was as if she could feel his cock as if it were part of her body. His pleasure was also her pleasure.

She moved without thought, in the moment, passion and lust driving her actions. She stood up and climbed onto him. Her pussy was so wet his cock slid into her without her needing to guide it. She rocked her hips on his cock, moving up and down, feeling his cock move inside her, tingling and sending waves of intense pleasure through her body.

They kissed as she rode him. Their bodies undulating together in rhythm. She felt his cock getting larger, firmer. She also felt herself closer and closer to cumming. She felt his muscles tense up. He pulled her tight against him, pressing his cock deep inside her. She felt him pulse and the warmth of his cum filling her pussy. It took her over the edge and she cried out again as she came a second time. 

They stayed like that for several minutes, kissing and holding each other close. She finally climbed off of him and cum poured out of her pussy onto him. He smiled at her and she smiled back as she snuggled into his arms. They were both sweating and both happy. They kissed off and on for an hour before they wandered to her bedroom.

They laid in her bed and he held her in his arms. She reached down and gently stroked his semi hard cock. They talked for a time, not about magic, not about university, just talk. When his cock was hard again she moved down and sucked it again. She studied him, every twitch and motion, every jump, every tensed muscle while she sucked his cock. Soon she felt him brace and then felt his cum shooting down her throat. She loved the feeling. She loved knowing she had made him cum. She loved the taste of it in her mouth, the feel of it oozing between the slit of her mound. She felt a satisfaction she hadn’t known before. She swallowed the cum that was still in her mouth and climbed back into his arms. They fell asleep there together like that. 

The evening had started with one type of magic, and ended with another.