 Zamuel breathed hard against his captor's hand as she pushed him away from the heavy growls of guitars and loud lyrics he was too distracted to make sense of. She was powerful, toned and athletic compared to Zamuel's soft and meek form. He was helpless in her hands and could only continue walking under her firm guidance.

They passed by a few femboys who took to a more private spot for their dealings and Zamuel saw two freshmen slapping on newly-acquired virility patches onto their sacks before looking to him and Tanya as they passed by. He swore he saw them grin and thumbs-up at him.

That got him thinking again, wondering why he was so scared. It's not like she'll kill him or something like that.

She felt his slight relaxation and removed her hands off his mouth. "Gonna be a good girl now?"

Her question had him nodding despite himself. He heard the grin in her voice. "Very good."

They stopped at an empty bench and she shoved him forwards. He barely caught himself from falling completely over it and was about to straighten up when Tanya put a foot onto his lower back and pressed him hard against the bench. He in no way could resist the force she put on him and laid onto the bench belly-first.

"Ngh...what are you going to do to me?" He whimpered out, the foot not leaving its spot on top of him. He turned and tilted his head to see her lording over him, her hand on her prodigious cock that was at full mast and eager to breed. A soft gasp escaped him, being faced with such a member at this angle got him instantly hard despite himself.

"Use you, of course." She said in an insulting tone, her face fierce and sultry. Zamuel swallowed and his gaze went down to her heavy ballsack, the pouch hanging low with heavy cargo. She was modded into hung amazon and he couldn't believe how turned on he was right now.

He could feel it, the familiar sensation of logic and reason slowly wilting away under the demands of his very genetic code and he sucked in a breath when she put more weight onto him. 

"It's so obvious on your face, that shutting down." She said gleefully, leaning forwards and making him squirm for breath. "So glad I got rid of it."

Zamuel panted in response, her weight making it hard to breathe. His gaze lingered on her erect cock, the member almost a foot long and three fingers thick. She was massive!

Finally, the pressure was released but Zamuel didn't try to move from his submissive position, he didn't want to as time wore on, and she didn't keep him waiting as her firm and strong hands grabbed him by the hips and lifted his ass up. A cute moan escaped him and gasped once more when he felt that massive slab of throbbing fuckmeat be pressed against his crack and grounded slowly.

"I can tell a virgin a mile off. Surprising to find a femboy virgin in Rosellate of all places. Thought you rode your way out of Basic!" She growled in a primal way, her grip tightening so much that he yelped in pain. There will be bruises tomorrow.

Her grinding didn't stop, however, and he felt the warm droplets of precum fall onto his lower back before caught by the shaft to be slowly lubed up in preparation.

Zamuel struggled to make ends meet in his head, Basic, Tanya, Samuel, it was all hazy now and any coherence he might've fielded before has now vanished and he let out a meek groan instead. This seemed to please his current master as she growled and pulled back. He could feel the veiny texture of her cock grind against his tailbone and held his breath in lustful excitement as the bloated head was planted against his fuckhole.

Warm spit landed onto his asshole and her cock as she spat and then came the first push. He grunted, her size too big for him to imagine entering him, but his femboy genes were there to keep him safe. What kind of organism bred for sex would he be if he suffered from an inflexible hole?

Tanya was well aware of this and pushed again. And again, continuing to do so with impatience until Zamuel's rusty reflexes fired up and made him relax and loosen up for her.

"Finally," she grunted in annoyance and pushed into his relaxed asshole without hesitation. Her girth and how unyielding she was in her pushing made Zamuel grab onto the bench with white-knuckled desperation. She was stretching him so wide he thought he'd rip in half and cried out as if she was.

"Ngh...shut the fuck up!" Tanya shouted and slapped his ass to silence him but that only got him moaning harder and louder as she continued to stuff him full of massive dickgirl cock.

Her enormous presence inside him was the final nail in the coffin of Zamuel's reasoning mind and has completely replaced it with utter desire and submissiveness to her. Zamuel moaned and cried in ecstasy as inch after inch was shoved into him with no mercy, the purpose built into his very genes fulfilled, He held onto the bench still and cried out one more time as the cock pressed against the bench and beneath his belly fired off weak spurt after weak spurt.

Tanya, of course, felt this thanks to his no-longer-virgin asshole squeezing in orgasmic rhythm around her, making her grunt and grin above him. "Cumming already? You're so lame!"

Her laughter was heard in Zamuel's mind as a show of encouragement. He lifted himself up on shaky hands, settling his knees on the bench and weakly pushed back against her cock, sinking that last inch of her glorious cock into his stuffed and flexible innards and feeling the warmth of her trimmed pubic hair.

She was a perfect amazon! Zamuel thought in his lust-addled mind and gasped in pleasure when Tanya growled out her arousal and grabbed his wide hips again to start pulling out of him

"Such a good girl. Stay just like that." She purred to him, dragging her cock out of him at an agonizing pace that left his whole body quivering and woefully empty. The femboy was about to beg for her to fill him back up again but she met his unspoken demand a moment later with a rough and powerful thrust that slammed her whole length back inside him.

This made his flaccid cock immediately engorge, especially as he felt her smooth and much larger sack slap his smaller one, and cried out in carnal pleasure. Tanya soon picked a pace, thrusting in and out that left Zamuel quivering and begging for more with throaty moans.

She wasn't one to deny him this and increased her pace, their bodies slapping together so deliciously. This was perfect and he couldn't have asked for anything better.

In his current state, Zamuel was incapable of tracking the time of how long she was pounding away at him, only that she had pulled out of him two times to get him on his back and then upside down beside the bench as she held his whole lower body still by the hips and piledrived his asshole.

Her orgasm came as an earthquake, a loud and husky groan coming from deep within Tanya's busty chest and the intense throbs of a cock on the verge of orgasm. She took him hard and fast then, lifting his whole body up to meet her thrusts that left Zamuel crying out happily in her wake.

It finally came, the first of her bountiful and nigh inexhaustible seed, as rope after thick rope of potent dickgirl cum was fired deep into his guts. She thrusted intandem with the spurts, giving them extra feel to the nearly insensate femboy who just soaked it all in.

Thick cum filled him with warmth without stop, the grip on his hips becoming so strong that it hurt and would most certainly leave bruises. Zamuel didn't even notice the pain as his much smaller cock flexed once again in orgasm with a small spurt of seed landing straight on his face.

Then it was time for Tanya to pull out and her exit was long and slick with cum. But she wasn't done with him yet. The moment his ass hit the ground when she let go of him, she grabbed him by the arm to sit upright and stood with her legs spread before him, her cock slapping wetly across his insensate expression.

Much to Zamuel's credit, his tongue immediately slipped out of his slutty mouth and began to lick at the cum-coated cock that tasted like his ass and prime seed. Her hands that settled on either side of his head were like hot ear muffs that let him hear his own fast heartbeat in his head, and he looked upwards with a dazed expression around the bulging cock lying on his face.

Tanya's expression was that of intense satisfaction but her grin told Zamuel she was far from done. Her intention was revealed the moment she pulled her hips back, dragging her cock down Zamuel's nose and against his lips before settling the drooling tip against them.

"Open wide, fuckmeat." She ordered and the femboy eagerly opened his mouth as much as it was humanly possible.

Her entry came like a jackhammer, slamming into the back of his throat as she rammed herself in and pulled his head forward. Had her victim been anybody else but a genetically-enhanced sextoy, they would've gagged on her immense girth and cry out in pain, but not Zamuel.

The pain that flared from the punch blossomed into satisfied pleasure and tilted his head so her cock could slip unopposed down his flexible gullet.

"Mmm, that's right. Take it all..." Tanya purred again, her crotch coming closer and closer until she was once again fully sheathed inside of him and has his nose buried into her landing strip of groomed pubic hair.

Zamuel would've tried to speak if he wasn't on the verge of yet another orgasm, his brain bombarded with ecstasy as a reward for his duty fulfilled. Instead he stayed there, on his ass, his head held by two powerful hands, and stuffed full of godly cock. This was paradise.

Tanya thrusted a few times, letting him taste cock, ass and cum across his tongue and taste buds, to test the waters and found him satisfactory. "Mph... I'll give a word to Rusan that you suck really well."

Her words fell on deaf ears, Zamuel hearing only a warm static of pleasure as she dragged her cock out of him to let him breathe through his nose. He could only take a couple of breaths before she rammed herself back down his tight gullet and let him smell the muskiness of her crotch once more.

Tanya would go on to use him in this way but Zamuel was unaware for how long as she gave him precious seconds to fill his lungs before going back to face-fucking him into oblivion. Despite the slight choking and lack of air, Zamuel's pleasure has gone sky-high and was permanently erect. In an odd but arousing occurrence, Tanya put a foot onto his cock, pressing it into the ground during all this.

When she finally pulled out of him after her third orgasm, Zamuel wasn't even aware she'd pulled out and that he had fallen onto his back with cum bubbling up his throat and leaking out of his asshole. Instead he fell into the void of unconsciousness with a soft smile on his lips.

++++++++++++++

Zamuel awoke to the loud blaring of an alarm clock. He shot up into a sitting position and blearily looked around where he was. He was home, or more precisely, Rezero's apartment. Something rubbery had rolled off his chest when he got up and between his legs was a tied condom full of cum.

He groaned as he remembered what happened last night, the light soreness of his whole body, asshole and bruises on his hips being the best reminders of what Tanya did to him.

What was the time? A quick look to the still-blaring clock told him it was 8 in the morning. He quickly turned it off and got off the couch he'd been laid on, stretching and letting out a satisfied groan.

It struck Zamuel as odd that he was perfectly fine with what happened last night, feeling pretty satisfied with his performance and being able to draw out so many orgasms out of the large dickgirl. He was aware that the cum in the bag was hers that Rezero had managed to milk out of him once he was found, whenever that was.

This satisfaction made him grow hard, his first time being with a prime dickgirl, and an uncharacteristic grin overtook his face as he took one more step into pure slutdom.

As he stretched, he noticed writing on his forearm. It was a message from Rezero.

"Good work last night, you got prime cum right there. Go cash it in at a vending machine before I wake up." He murmured as he read it.

Like the good and obedient fuckmeat he is, he nodded and grabbed the pouch without a second thought before heading out the door. At the landing he saw the nude android sitting quietly behind the desk and thought of asking her how one goes in depositing bags of cum to a machine. He never thought he'd ask such a thing...

"Morning, uhm, Kayla." He waved to her. She opened her eyes slowly and turned her head towards him with a soft smile on her plump lips. 

"Good morning, Zamuel. How can I help you?" She asked in her sing-song voice.

The previous Zamuel would've been sheepish as he was about to ask such a lewd question but now it came out of him easily. He liked that very much. "So I got some cum in a condom. How do I cash it in?"

"Oh, that's very easy. Just find the nearest vending machine and feed the condom into the deposit hole." Zamuel had to admit that she was really well-built, from the appearance to the really human-like voice.

"Alright. Well, thanks. Gotta go now."

The android simply nodded and closed her eyes and her face took on a serene expression, until she's needed again.

Finding a vending machine wasn't difficult as the kitchen had one for fresh produce when a femboy is looking to make his own meal and another one with small finished breakfast meals. The place was empty as everybody still slept, it seems. He went to the produce one that lit up as it sensed his approach.

It displayed a wide variety of vegetables, fruit and everything else vegetarian to be synthesised for him but he wasn't interested in that and instead looked for the deposit hole. Zamuel was quite certain that it was the padded hole that looked conspicuously like a place to put one's cock in.

He wasn't sure how to go about this so he shrugged and pushed the condom as deep into the hole as he could. It lit up and he felt a sudden suction against his hand as the machine swallowed the pouch of cum one moment and shut closed the next.

A ding drew Zamuel's attention and was greeted by a window on the screen that chimed 'Deposit Accepted'. Then another window popped up that told him about the cum he just deposited. As expected, Tanya's a fourth year and she's classified as an A-rank dickgirl with a virility percentage of 98 and designation Breeding Stud.

It was only 4 or 5 milliliters of her cum that was saved but it still netted Zamuel a whopping sixty roses. He couldn't restrain a whoop and a bounce on his toes as it all poured into his account. Who knew milking cum was so rewarding!

That got him thinking. If he whored himself out to the seniors and saved their cum, he can make quite a few roses...

Though he most likely isn't the first to have gotten that idea. Only the fourth years can really spare to waste cum since they are at the top and have prime gene-modded sperm. An inkling of an idea sprang to Zamuel's mind but he will wait for now. 

With his first assignment done, he skipped back to the apartment to do his other chores. It's still three-quarters until Rezero woke up, plenty of time to clean up around the flat. As he picked up dirty laundry, most of them cum-stained, he saw the milker. It also had straps to be worn like a backpack and the lewd thought that sprang to mind made him shiver. 

It would be training, he thought. He wanted to be a good fuckmeat to Rezero. The previous idea he had in mind required lots of roses to pull off and Zamuek hoped that I'd he's an obedient and useful slut, Rezero would let him keep his roses. 

He strutted on over to the lewd machine and put it on his back. The hose was long enough to wind between his legs and slide his erect cock into the soft and cushioned nuzzle that replicated the feel that he was inside an asshole.

A click to tighten the nozzle at the base later, he was ready for milking. Zamuel was slightly giddy with anticipation as he took his tablet and pulled up the connection display. The milker was called 'Cumguzzler' on the flat's local network and the name made Zamuel giggle. 

The femboy tapped on it and got its details and adjustments. He was denied access to customize it by Rezero and only had access to the start button. Which wasn't surprising to Zamuel. 

The milker stirred into life the moment he pressed 'start', the suction around his cock ramping up while the nozzle began to knead around it. A pleasured shiver went up his spine as it masterfully worked him and he would've sat on the couch and let it do its job if he didn't have chores to do. 

His balls ached somewhat, having cum a lot yesterday, but he hoped to have at least some cum for Rezero in the tank. 

The milker worked tirelessly as he went about cleaning the place up, at times making him squirm on the edge of orgasm as it built him up to a singular big load. It was difficult thinking straight, especially when it edged him remorselessly for long moments. He couldn't even move from how his knees locked up. 

Under the assault and fighting to focus, Zamuel lost track of time and yelped in surprise when Rezero snuck up on him from behind. 

The older femboy wrapped an arm around his throat, similarly to how Tanya did, and placed his other hand on his wide and bare hip, lips close to his ear. 

"Now that's a good girl." Rezero purred, his breath hot against the shell of Zamuel's ear. It made Zamuel shiver and a soft groan came from deep within his chest. 

"Mngh...good morning, master." Zamuel breathed out, feeling Rezero's hand slip forward off of his hip and cupped his tender balls he intended to milk.

"You learn quick. Did you deposit the seed?" Rezero asked, his crotch against Zamuel's ass and cock throbbing.

Zamuel nodded slowly, Rezero's arm still around his throat, and turned his head to try and look at Rezero. The movement was allowed and guided by the arm around his throat down to his knees so he's faced by Rezero's fat cock. It was lovely and thick, the smooth foreskin peeled over to reveal a plump purple head. Zamuel found himself enamored by it, breathing shakily from both its proximity and the milker working him to a big orgasm.

Rezero's hand swept through his long and messy locks, having not gotten the chance to put it in a ponytail, and settled on the back. He didn't have to pull Zamuel closer as the femboy immediately reached up to grasp him by the base and began to nuzzle it like a lovesick puppy.

"Mmm, you learn real quick." The older femboy said in a husky tone, content to have Zamuel take his time in worshipping his master's cock. In the meantime, he pulled up his commlink looked at Zamuel's rose balance. "Oooh, sixty roses. Tanya's a prime bitch for sure."

Zamuel hummed in agreement before opening his mouth to wrap his dextrous tongue around his master's cock and start giving it a good polishing. Rezero couldn't compare to the massive and godlike cock of the Big Bitch, his member coming up almost miniscule, but Zamuel didn't mind as this was his master's cock. A good fuckmeat loves his master.

"I'll leave you thirty for your daily expenses." Rezero tapped away on his wrist-mounted commlink and hummed as he acted casually while being sucked off and Zamuel couldn't believe how hot that was. His cock ached in that kneading nozzle that threatened to suck him dry, and he hoped he'll become just like him.

Next school year he's going to have a fuckmeat all of his own!

After a long minute of licking and sucking, Zamuel picked up the pace and deepened his blowjob, going all the way to the base where he smelled the fragrant musk of a femboy's crotch and tasted cock all the way in his throat. It didn't take long for Rezero to start moaning and groaning under his worship and Zamuel heard them all as glowing compliments. But the greatest compliment of all would be some of his master's cum in his belly.
