 Caid stood in front of Brigitte's door, quelling the nervousness rippling throughout his body. He had convinced himself to just pop up at her house to occupy her time. Granted, he should have asked himself, beforehand, whether his sudden appearance would hinder any of her plans, but the fact that the last time he had seen her was two weeks ago at her dinner party pushed his caution out the window. His two weeks had been spent torturing himself with imaginations of what Paul would or could be doing to his Brigitte. He would be damned if he let another man put his hands on his woman. So here he was before the door, waiting with what he hoped looked like a good game face.

"Mr. Comito? What are you doing here?" Brigitte stood there, wide eyed and uncertain. She looked gorgeous, ravishing even, with her long hair pulled back into a bun and a simple sundress hugging her curvaceous body.

Caid felt his nervousness completely disappear upon seeing her. Really, what the hell did he have to be nervous about when this was his woman he was standing before? He knew all of her quirks, all of her hopes and dreams, the things that made her fearful...in all, he knew her. Plus, he could tell, even though she was looking up at him doubtfully, she was thinking about their last time together. Taking one step forward with an arm outstretched, Caid leaned in and kissed his Brigitte as she gasped from surprise before releasing a silky moan from the contact of his lips.

"It's Adriano, remember?" he whispered to her, caressing the imprint of his thumb on her warm cheek. Brigitte's eyes fluttered closed. She loved that. Small petting always had a big affect on her. "May I come in?"

"Come in?" she repeated slightly discombobulated from his touch. "Oh, come in!"

"Brigitte, who is at the door? You're running up all the AC keeping it open," Paul interrupted as he strode in their direction just in time to miss Adriano releasing his wife. Well, more like Brigitte scampering away from him.

"Paul, you remember Adriano Comito, don't you?" Brigitte asked while picking invisible lint off of her dress. She was highly embarrassed and flustered that she had almost gotten caught up in Adriano's touch. She had convinced herself, after they had slept together two weeks ago, that it would only be a once in a lifetime thing. But now that she had chanced a glance up to Adriano's mesmerizing, blue eyes, Brigitte already knew that there would be a repeat. That knowledge made her legs quiver. Or perhaps it was that hungry look that Adriano was sending her way even with the presence of her husband. She never thought that having an affair could be so naughty!

"Do I remember, Adriano Comito? Of course I do," Paul replied somewhat too enthusiastically as he reached out to shake Adriano's hand. "What brings you here?"

"Well, I wanted to thank you both once more for the invite to that wonderful dinner party and also, Brigitte promised to give me a tour around your house. I hope that you don't mind?"

"Of course not," Paul continued with that damn enthusiasm. No husband should be that happy to have another man this close to his beautiful wife. "I was actually just thinking about inviting you and your lovely sister for dinner. We could possibly have a one on one," he said then chuckled as he glanced off into space.

Adriano schooled his facial features to not reveal his disgust. Now he understood why Paul was so happy to see him, obviously turning in that thick skull of his was a way to get to Gina. "I'll have to run that by her. You know how women get with social events and such? She's quite busy," Adriano replied curbing his over protective side as not to offend Paul with his response. What he really wanted to say was: 'there is no way in damn hell I'm letting my sister come to dinner with your slimy ass,' but instead, he offered up an apologetic smile as Paul attempted to hide a face of disappointment.

"So as I have asked before," Adriano said directing his attention back to Brigitte. "May I come in or will this tour be conducted outdoors. Because, I don't know about you, but it's hot as hell out here."

"Have you ever been to hell?" Brigitte asked then clapped her hand over her mouth in astonishment. Caid tried not to laugh. He had done that on purpose, to keep Brigitte's attention, knowing that was one of her quirks. She hated when people over exaggerated or used certain idiomatic expressions that she thought weren't necessary in certain situations.

"I'm sorry," she apologized then felt her cheeks heat up as Adriano rumbled with laughter. His eyes crinkled at the corners and Brigitte knew that it was genuine, making her slightly glad that she hadn't offended him. "Come on in. It is quite hot. Would you like a refreshment?

"Why don't you get us two beers," Paul said, more than suggested, which infuriated Adriano. Who the hell did this man think he was talking to his Brigitte that way? Okay, so the man had a ring on her finger, but everyone inside his house knew it was all for show (maybe Paul had no idea that Adriano knew, but that didn't change things. Adriano was still pissed).

"Actually, I would like a glass of water, please. Beer tends to make me dehydrated," Adriano requested, not missing the look of disgust in Brigitte's brown eyes before she turned away.

Paul nodded his head, clasping his hands behind his back as he began to walk. "How about us two men kick this little tour off before the wife gets back?"

Adriano resisted the urge to wrap his hands around the imbecile's neck and choke...the shit out of him. "Shall we?" he agreed instead, pretending to be too immersed in the artwork Paul was blabbering about to notice that he was continuously "accidentally" stepping on the man's shoes. Brigitte returned with their beverages to finish up the tour of the downstairs while Paul excused himself to answer a phone call.

"A tour?" she asked looking at Adriano from the corner of her eye. "When did I ever promise you a tour?"

Adriano smiled down at her, watching as she unconsciously licked her lips. "How else was I supposed to get you away from your idiotic husband?"

Brigitte neither agreed nor disagreed with his question, only walking in front of him in silence. She wanted to suggest taking their little "tour" upstairs so that she could get some alone time with him, but she wasn't sure if that would be considered too forward.

"So is this it? I don't get to see the second floor?" Adriano asked as if he had read her mind. 

Brigitte turned away before he could witness the slow smile of satisfaction creeping up on her brown face then turned back in his direction with a forced air of nonchalance, as not to appear too eager. "This way, Adriano."

Caid's eyes remained plastered on Brigitte's ass as she mounted the steps before him. He needed to get his thoughts under control or he would be ridding her of that flimsy sun dress and humping, her like a dog in heat, on the steps. They barely made it to the second floor before he lost all of his control, gently snatching her completely against him to claim her taunting, plump lips. "Room?"

His one worded question ignited a flame within Brigitte that set her body on fire. "To the left," she answered as she wrapped her legs about his waist and kissed this sex Adonis with abandon. She moaned, coursing her fingers through his warm hair, tingling his scalp as she gently tugged and massaged his head.

"Damn, that feels so good, Brigitte."

His husky voice caressed her ears and she sighed, leaning her head to the side to give him better access to her hungry neck. Fortunately, Adriano didn't leave her disappointed because his lips glued to her soft skin like a suction cup, sending shivers down her spine.

"Door?"

"There."

"Good."

"Mmmmmm."

Caid's legs felt clumsy as he carried Brigitte into her bedroom. From the quick view that he took, he realized that she and Paul slept in different rooms. He nearly jumped for joy until Brigitte's searching tongue lapped at his collarbone. Her urgency was almost his undoing as he watched her claw away at his clothing, after he had set her feet on the ground. Her hot mouth was all over him, kissing his shoulders, licking his pecs, biting his nipples; while her fingers continued to travel south to unbuckle and unzip his pants. They pooled about his ankles and Caid willingly stepped out of them, kicking off his shoes on the way. He nearly blew his load when Brigitte dropped his boxers then fell to her knees to eagerly take his hard, aching cock into her mouth.

"Shit!"

"Mmmmm."

"Good."

"Mmmmm." Brigitte suckled the head of his cock until it was an angry red color before shoving it down her throat. The fact that she could visibly see Adriano's legs quivering spurred her on as she took his dick out of her mouth to suck on his balls until he literally had to sit on the bed. "You like that?" she asked, unsure of where her boldness was coming from. She knew that it was best to ere on the side of caution with her husband downstairs, but Adriano just had a way of bringing out her animalistic side. She had long ago come to peace with her adultery, but she had also admitted that her marriage was loveless and useless, so why not get something better now that the opportunity had presented itself?

"Brigitte, I'm gonna come, baby. You gonna let me come in that sexy mouth of yours?"

"Yes. Down my throat, baby," she answered Adriano's call without hesitation. The need to have his cum on her insides drove Brigitte to quicken the pace of her mouth; moaning as her fingers traveled up her dress to rub at her humming pussy. She was leaking. Her pussy was so wet and hot that it shocked her. In the past, only Caid had been able to make her feel this alive, this desired, this delirious with lust.

"Come in my mouth," Brigitte told Adriano a bit too forcefully, which he took in good stride as he laughed at first before releasing a growl while his abdomen tensed up with his orgasm.

That had to be one of the best nuts of his life! Caid felt the euphoria engulfing his body. He had come so hard that he released a little shiver. You know the kind where it's freezing outside and you're trying to bundle your coat around your body while your teeth shatter then you squeal? Well, yeah, he shivered and he squealed, then he fell back on Brigitte's bed with his eyes shut. The sounds of her pleasuring herself had his limp cock already reawakening. He could hear the wet, squishy noises coming from her pussy as she whimpered, increasing the pace of her fingers. He wanted to be doing that to her. Caid couldn't believe that he was being jealous of Brigitte's own hand. He sat up, grabbing her by the shoulders to toss on the bed beside him as he literally ripped her dress from her body.

"Oh my gosh!" Brigitte exclaimed, looking down at the satin material that resembled a heap of rags now that Adriano was through with them. He did likewise to her panties, staring down at her naked body like a hungry wolf before diving straight into her pussy with his tongue. "Oh my God!"

"Mmmmmmhhhhhhmmmmm," he agreed, spread her legs wider apart while he continued to enjoy his meal. He had her chocolate body shaking better than an earth quake and just when she was about to climax, he withdrew his mouth, marveling at the guttural cry of frustration she sent his way before furiously burning a glare into his face. Not waiting for her to curse him out, Caid thrust two thick fingers inside of Brigitte's aching hole, fucking her with them as her legs slowly rose with her toes pointed up to the air. She was being loud, but that only fueled his need to hear her cries of pleasure. If Paul heard then he heard. Honestly, Caid was hoping and wishing that the man would walk in on them so that he could tell him that he and his fake marriage of convenience could go to hell because Caid was taking Brigitte away from him.

"Oh my gosh, Caid."

Caid's head flashed up. Did he just hear that correctly? Did Brigitte just say his name? His plunging fingers stopped, to her upset, as he looked down at her panting body.

"Why—" Was all that Brigitte could get out before Adriano's mouth was on top of hers, sharing the taste of her chocolate pussy with her. She felt the head of his thick cock lining up with her seeping sex then pushing into her wetness with one firm thrust. She cried out, arching her back and pressing her breasts painfully into his chest while he began to work her over. "Oh God!" she whimpered, sinking her teeth into his shoulder and trembling when Adriano eased up a bit to give her a slow wind.

"It feels good?" he asked her, earnestly wanting to please her. His blue eyes searched her brown souls and he gave her a beautiful smile when her quivering lips lifted into a grin as she nodded. "Tell me what you want, Brigitte."

"Oohhhh," she moaned dragging his body forcefully back into her when he slightly pulled out. "On top," she breathed then held on as he turned them about in bed. Brigitte straddled Adriano's hips, working her lithe body over him as she closed her eyes and lost herself in fantasies. In her mind, it was Caid. Yes, she knew that it was wrong to picture another man while screwing the hell out of someone else, but she couldn't help it. The way her body responded to Adriano was so similar—in fact, exactly the same as how she would with Caid. Furthermore, Adriano's roaming and wise hands knew exactly what spots to touch in order to drive her crazy...spots that she had only disclosed with her late lover and no other.

"Oh Caid," she moaned too lost in her misconstrued reality to feel shame for uttering another man's name. "Just like that."

Caid groaned, fighting the urge to tell her that he was there with her, inside of her, holding on to her. But he knew without a doubt that it would freak her out. Even though it greatly honored him that Brigitte still recognized his good loving, he didn't want to confess the truth and potential deal with scaring her away. So he held on tighter, after sucking on her peaked nipples until they were sore, pressing her sweaty body closely against his hot flesh then plunging, rapidly and precisely, up into her wet tightness.

Her cries started off softly then grew in volume until she was screaming her head off in ecstasy while Adriano fucked her brains out. But she still had to stop her screaming to breathe which she did in time to hear footsteps approaching her cracked bedroom door.

"Brigitte," Paul called out in the hallway. One of the good things about being in a loveless marriage was that you learned to respect each other's privacy because you just no longer gave a damn about the other person. So she knew for a fact that Paul would never venture into her room, much less the left wing of the house—being that he occupied the right wing—nevertheless, Brigitte stopped her moving hips, fearing that he would hear what she and Adriano were doing.

"Yes?" she called pushing a firm hand down on Adriano's chest to tell him to stop his thrusting, but the thought of being denied did not sit well with him, for he raised his pelvis off of the bed and began bouncing Brigitte, wildly on his cock. It would be hard to talk and even harder to concentrate now that her Adonis was manhandling her in the bedroom.

"Something came up. I have to go. "

"Alright," she answered. It was too breathy for her own ears and she cringed at the suspicion in Paul's words when he next spoke.

"Are you all right? Where's Adriano?"

Brigitte cleared her throat, giving herself time to bite back a delicious moan as her nails rake down Adriano's sweaty chest. He inhaled a breath, lowering himself back down on the mattress to give her a drugging kiss before once more pinning her against his body to slam his hard cock into her hungry pussy.

"He left," she bit out then took a bite out of Adriano to muffle her cries.

"Are you feeling all right?"

"Damn it, Paul I'm on my period and I'm having some killer cramps so will you leave me the hell alone!" Brigitte yelled, momentarily forgetting about the slow yet steady orgasm creeping up from the pit of her belly.

"Ok. I'll see you later, sheesh!"

Paul's feet were barely out of the door before Caid gripped Brigitte for dear life and thrust until his legs ached with fatigue. Her pussy clung to him as she wailed her orgasm in his ear, edging him on to find his own as he released a guttural cry to accompany her. They both collapsed, breathing heavily, skin soaked in sweat, yet bodies perfectly satiated.

Brigitte nearly fell asleep until Adriano's caressing fingers drew her back to him. "I should really kill you for what you just did." Her voice was husky and a bit raw from all of her screaming.

"What? I thought you wanted your husband to hear me fucking the shit out of you," Caid teased then kissed the top of her head. His thoughts had been scattered everywhere in the recesses of his mind, however; the one thing he knew now that a sudden sensation of peace had overtaken him was that Brigitte wouldn't be staying another week in this house.

"Leave him."

"What?" Brigitte asked, leaning up on her elbow to regard Adriano's face. He was serious.

"I said, leave Paul. He doesn't deserve you. Besides, he can't possibly love you the way that I love you, Brigitte. You believe that don't you? That I love you?"

Brigitte's mouth opened and closed as nothing came out before her eyes dropped. But he wouldn't have none of it, slowly lifting her head until she was forced to look into his blue eyes. "Adriano, isn't this a bit too soon?"

"No."

"But—"

"I'm more serious than a heart attack."

"Have you ever had a heart attack?" Was Brigitte's feisty reply.

Caid landed a large hand on her soft ass and smiled when she released a shocked 'ouch' then pouted. "No, just like I've never been to hell, but my life will turn to it if you don't be with me."

"Why should I?" Brigitte questioned, frowning down at him.

"Because you don't love him."

She knew that it was the truth; nevertheless, it still hurt to hear it. "I don't love you either," She told him defiantly. 

This was definitely his Brigitte: cautious with her heart, which confounded him as to why she had gone and given it to an asshole like Paul. "Yes, you do. You're just afraid to admit it because, according to you, we just met. But I've known you for my whole life. I know you get that feeling too."

"But—"

"You do, don't you?"

"Yes, but—" She tried again only to be cut off with a kiss.

"You're moving in with me," Caid told her with finality in his tone.

"Adriano!"

"I'm not taking no for answer. We can even start today if you wanted to, but you will be in my bed before the ending of this week. Is that understood?" He watched her mouth open and close like a fish gasping for air again before she slowly nodded her head.

"I love you, Brigitte."

Brigitte buried her face within his neck, confused by her feelings for this man. He was supposed to be a stranger, but she knew that Adriano was right. The feeling that she had known him all of her life always accosted her when she was with him and even when she wasn't. "I love you too," she told him honestly although her words were underlined with fear and uncertainty.

"When do you want to leave?"

"Today," Brigitte replied with more confidence behind her words. "Take me away from here."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Where have you been?" Gina asked the imposter known as her brother. She was lounging in by the pool when he arrived with a shit eating grin on his face. Boy was he ever handsome.

"With Brigitte," he confessed. They had come upon an agreement. Gina would continue to play along with him being her adorable little brother while helping to figure out the reasons he was encased within her brother's body while he allowed her to conduct all of her spiritual experiments on him in an effort to control and understand her gifts.
