 Chapter 11

Jenn stood in front of her mirror, looking herself over in what had become the third outfit she'd tried on that evening. Her nervousness for what the night might hold had made her indecisive. In the end she decided to go for a very casual yet somewhat enticing look, with her jeans hugging her figure nicely, showcasing her feminine curves while a bit of cleavage was displayed by her black spaghetti strapped top.

Satisfied with her mode of dress she turned to more pressing matters: her nerves. She always kept a bottle of rye handy at her desk, just in case there was need for a drink, and it was looking to be one of those times. With that bottle in hand she headed for the kitchen, where she opened up a cabinet, slammed a shot glass down on the counter and promptly filled it to the brim. She winced at the hot burn of liquor in her throat, then capped the bottle and promptly left.

***

The club was a dark, roomy place with plenty of seating arrangements at tables and in booths. There was a vast dance floor and the music was pumping, but with the exception of the DJ and bar staff there was only a handful of people there. A pair of blonde haired twins were dancing, while everyone else rather soberly hung off to the side. Such was the scene at the start of a Monday evening.

"Ah, back so soon, eh," the bartender said to Diana. She nodded and then shrugged with a smile, as if to say, 'so what if I am?' "Going to have all your girlfriends over again?" he asked.

"No... just here to meet up with an old friend."

"Oh, I see. Well they're welcome here any time. So what can I get you? Rum and coke?"

"You got it."

"Right. I'll start a tab."

From her vantage point Diana could see Jenn arriving. While the bartender prepared her drink she calmly watched as she started to wander the perimeter of the club, glancing around for any sign of her. When finally Jenn neared the bar the ever shifting lighting turned red, making the same-coloured material of Diana's dress light up like a beacon. Jenn caught sight of her then, and could be seen smiling as she closed the remaining distance between them.

"Hiii, Jenn!" Diana stepped forward and offered a huge hug that crushed their bosoms together. "Thanks for coming out. You look great." 

Jenn wrapped her arms around her, and couldn't help but notice the sweet floral scent she wore. Already she felt a rush of excitement for the blonde haired beauty. She was tongue-tied, simply staring into Diana's green eyes with a dreamy grin on her lips as she held her slender torso. "Thanks... uh, you do too." 

"Did... you miss me...?"

"Mm, yeah, I guess," Jenn said, her modesty returning as she dropped her arms to her side. "Uhm... what are you drinking there?"

"Rum and coke."

"Cool, I'll have one also."

Diana turned to the bartender and smoothly gestured at her glass. He began to prepare another drink for them.

"We can sit over there," Diana said as she pointed to one of the private booths. "It's the furthest from the speakers."

Jenn grabbed her drink. "Sure thing."

After making their way over to that booth Diana stopped and tapped her hand on the surface of the U-shaped leather couch. Usually her entire group would squeeze into that space, but tonight it was just the two of them. Jenn took her cue and hopped inside, settling herself right at at the back, where Diana herself had sat only the previous Friday night. Diana followed her in and took her place beside her, close enough that their thighs touched and their elbows bumped. 

Jenn didn't mind that close proximity at all. She figured she'd get the obligatory catch-up conversation rolling: "So Diana, what led you to move out west?"

"Oh well, you know... Finished high school, didn't know what to do with myself for a year or two. My adoptive parents told me I needed to go post-secondary or get something else happening, so I just moved instead."

"Oh. So... did you get something else happening, then? Or are you going to school here?"

"No, not even. I've just started uh, you know, buying stocks and investing and other boring shit like that. It's pretty bland but I seem to have a knack for it. My money is just making itself now."

"Wow, that's so cool!"

"Yeah, haha, I know. That doesn't mean I have much, yet, but if I keep it up I don't see myself having to work at all. Maybe I'll show you how it works sometime. So Jenn, how's life been for you, hmm? Tell me about things starting right where we left off, a few years ago."

"Okay, well, we moved here. I started going to a different high school... I dunno. It's a boring, typical story. I'm studying psychology now at the university and, as you know, waiting tables. I wasn't as clever as you, to think of some money making genius plan..."

Diana nodded. "Okay, very nice. Any boyfriends?"

"No, not really. I had one late in high school, but it was lame. Maybe a fling here or there since then, but you know, nothing's stuck. I don't think boys are for me. Or men, for that matter."

"Girls instead, then?"

Jenn shook her head, "no, not them either."

Diana nodded, cocking an eyebrow and grinning slyly as she took a sip of her drink. 

"How about you, hmm? Any boyfriends for Diana Dennis?"

"Hah," she said. "What do you think?"

"Oh, I dunno... there's probably guys out there who wouldn't mind a girl, um..."

"A girl whose dick is bigger than theirs?" Diana gave an unsuitably sweet giggle, which really broke the ice. "Yeah, I suppose, but that doesn't sound like my kind of scene."

"Uh-huh, I guess not. So... you're single then?"

"Um... yeah," Diana said with a hint of hesitation, "I am." 

This time it was Jenn whose eyebrow raised. "Right... Okay, so, which one of those girls you brought to my work are you having sex with?"

Diana's jaw dropped. "Jenn! ...None of them. I am 'having sex' with none of them," she said, making quotation gestures in the air with her fingers.

Jenn nodded slowly, displaying her disbelief with a little chuckle.

"Okay, but there might be a little fooling around, sometimes."

"Yeah, I kind of figured so. Got the vibe. I mean, they're all gorgeous, so..."

Diana sipped her drink thoughtfully. "Does that bother you?"

Jenn looked at her, surprised by the sincere direction their conversation was taking. "Why should that bother me?" She, with her private fantasies of the two of them being together just like they once were as young girls, was indeed bothered by it. But she dared not admit it.

Diana put down her drink and looked Jenn square in the eyes. "I don't know. All I can say is... Sitting here with you, like we are right now, is bringing back certain old feelings. Do you know what I mean?"

Jenn hesitated, then nodded with just the slightest tip of her head.

Diana leaned in close and lightly placed a lingering kiss on her lips. Jenn froze for a moment, but was soon to release a joyful breath. She returned that kiss with sweet movements of her lips, her hand coming up to squeeze Diana's thigh.

Their lips separated. Jenn was blushing hard, her eyes turned glassy by the sudden rush of emotions. The mood between them had completely changed. 

"Sometimes... the more things change, the more they stay the same," Diana said.

Jenn just nodded, her heart pounding with desire for the beautiful blonde from her past. She leaned in and offered a second kiss, and when it was accepted she didn't hold back. The yearning she'd felt for all those years was expressed with the deepest sincerity as her tongue searched for and found Diana's own, her hands trailing up her sides to pull her closer. 

Diana's kiss was the same as it had been when their relationship began at fourteen, as was her scent and the feel of her breath, but by the way Jenn's ample bosom mashed against Diana's even more blessed pair there was no denying that they'd matured a great deal since then. On a lustful impulse Jenn curiously brought a hand down, brushing it against Diana's lap in a manner that seemed innocent enough, though her intention was to determine if Diana had also grown anywhere else...

"Mmh," Diana murmured as she cupped Jenn's cheek. She gently pushed her away as she modestly squeezed her thighs together. "Not here," she said. This time it was she whose cheeks started to flush. "The staff knows me... I don't want to make a scene." The cleave of her breasts was rising and falling beneath her red dress, evidencing her excitement.

Jenn nodded, pulling that hand away from Diana's lap with a hint of shame. "I'm sorry... I just-"

Diana placed a finger over her lips, silencing her. "Not another word about that... until we get to my place. Come on."

They got out of the booth and settled their tab, then left the club. Diana had her purse pinned against her crotch as they went, though no one but Jenn seemed to know enough to understand just why.

Chapter 12

During their walk to Diana's building the two engaged in more friendly talk, and though at first it seemed forced the heat of the moment faded with each step until they were speaking openly as old friends again. Only once they stood at the door to Diana's apartment did they acknowledge the reason they were there -- to share something as much more. 

The mood was tense as Diana unlocked the door and turned to look at Jenn. Registering her unease, she let go of her keys and wrapped an arm around her waist, pulling her close. The keys clattered against the door. Breast to breast, she kissed Jenn's lips softly, then whispered, "do you still want to come inside?"

Jenn nodded silently. That gentle peck had instantly revived her desire. She could barely even believe that they were about to have a second chance.

"Alright. Shoes off, please."

It was a small bachelor's apartment in a lower income part of town, so it didn't look like Diana's plans for her money to 'make itself' had fully panned out yet. Nevertheless the place was kept clean and well decorated, and money hadn't been spared on comforts like her television or appliances.

Diana kicked the door shut behind them. In the privacy of her home they kissed more deeply, experimentally caressing the curves of each others bodies, freely exploring the changes their years apart had brought.

"I love what you've grown into," Diana said. She was grasping the curve of Jenn's rear as she peered down into her cleavage, and she brought a hand up to cup the side of one of her generous round breasts. "I never thought you'd be this busty, going on how you used to look. You used to barely have anything but a pair of mosquito bites going on. They're real, right?"

"Of course they are," Jenn said with a little chuckle. "Yours got huge though. What happened?"

Diana looked at her own set, a pair of oversized globes that had caught the eye of every male they passed on their way to the apartment. "Oh, well, it's not like I was done growing at fifteen." 

"Hah, yeah I suppose not."

"See, I guess, this is the other side of us, uhm, 'catching up', after all these years..."

Jenn just nodded, her hands rising up from Diana's hips to glide along her slender torso, settling them on the side of each breast. "Uh huh. You're such a... Barbie doll."

Diana giggled softly at that and started to slide her hands up Jenn's trim stomach into her tank top. "Yeah, maybe. So... show me the girls!"

Jenn rather bashfully raised her arms and in an instant that top was gone. A few locks of her brown hair were pulled out of her ponytail as Diana tossed it away, falling against her cheeks in a sultry disarray. "Mmm... you're beautiful, Jenn," Diana said as she lightly traced her finger tips up Jenn's bare sides.

"You are," Jenn corrected before she stepped forward and pulled her close again, preferring a passionate kiss to conversation. 

As they embraced Diana guided her backwards further and further into the apartment. With her free hand she began to undo her jeans. Eventually she had Jenn pinned to the wall, only a few feet from her bed. Jenn felt a rush of excitement as Diana dragged those jeans down her legs, undressing her to just her thong and bra.

Once Diana had them around Jenn's ankles she slowly rose, placing little kisses along the insides of her thighs and over her trim belly until she could lay herself against her, and again they shared a passionate kiss. Jenn could feel a difference in Diana's figure then, for her crotch was fragrantly bulging beneath her red dress with a warm mass that moments before had been carefully hidden. There was no covering it up now, and that very bold reminder of what was in store for Jenn had her flushing with desire. She couldn't help but dip a hand down for a feel. 

"Oh... oh, wow," she said, breaking that kiss. "Um... you must have grown down there, also." She was grasping something bigger than any of her recollections of Diana, yet it was soft and expanding still. Soon Jenn could feel the form of a meaty shaft bent against itself as it grew beneath constricting stretchy fabric.

Diana just paused, her eyes lit up by the passion of the moment. She looked down at Jenn's curious grabbing hand and giggled, but her amused grin was slowly turning to a look of discomfort as it became harder for her clothing to accommodate her. Seeing this Jenn stepped back, her feet leaving the legs of her discarded jeans, and reached under Diana's pretty little dress to cup her overflowing stretchy underwear. "Ooh... Wow!" Her voice dropped to a whisper: "What are you packing?"

She got to her knees and slowly brought them down. Her surprise increased as the bent shaft unravelled, the material finally not holding any of Diana a moment or two before she passed her knees.

"Oh my god," Jenn said, awed. She was staring at the fat head of Diana's stiffening cock, which hung swaying between her lower thighs, well below the hem of that dress. It was trembling softly with each beat of her heart as it gained rigidity. Jenn got to her feet, looking like she'd just seen a ghost. "Your cock... it grew. A lot. And... and oh god, it still is!"

Diana nodded. "Is that a bad thing, to you?"

"I... I don't know," Jenn said, her eyes still glued to that monster tool as it held itself semi hard at a downward angle. "But it's fucking huge."

"Well yeah, it is. If that's a blessing or a curse, I'm not sure." Diana stepped back and sat down on the bed, her long pale shaft bouncing as she hit mattress. She slipped her dress up and over her head, revealing her nude perfection.

As Jenn stared at her old lover, now fully grown and enormously endowed, she found herself getting back to her knees, almost involuntarily, to crouch before her. For a moment she stared transfixed at what Diana had become: Her body curved yet slender, almost delicate. Her breasts so very big, round and perfect. That massive fourteen inch rod with a well filled sac below... And to cap it all off, the same rich blonde locks and perfectly beautiful face she had known since her childhood. 

She inched forward and grasped the middle of Diana's length, lifting the heavy serpentine appendage. "I used to think you were the biggest, but now... Oh my god."

"Do you remember how I taste?"

"Yes," Jenn said. After a moment of apprehension she tucked the tip into her mouth. Diana seethed at the warm touch of Jenn's tongue, and within moments she was throbbing to full hardness and gaining her last inch. 

Jenn couldn't even fit the head in her mouth, nor could her fingers meet thumb as she wrapped them around her girth, but somehow she found that huge, searing pillar of flesh exhilarating. She began to stroke her hand down Diana's cock, then up until she touched her own lips. The beautiful blonde writhed slowly beneath her, sighing at the lovely feelings Jenn gave her. 

The moment that first bead of precum touched her tongue it was over. All the years they'd spent apart disappeared, with old emotions and memories restored and magnified like never before. Jenn whimpered softly, beginning to lap her tongue steadily against Diana's tip, begging her for more. She'd forgotten just how amazing it tasted, how addictive it was. Only shortly before she hadn't been sure how she should feel about the changes in Diana's body, but now she felt completely infatuated with that huge cock. She needed it, needed Diana and her sweet seed.

As Jenn continued to gently stroke the precum started to flow. She cherished every drop, her eyes shutting blissfully as she focused on the taste and the sensation of heat on her tongue. "Mmh... I knew you'd come around," Diana said.

"I'd forgotten how good you taste," Jenn replied, tearing her lips away for only a moment. As she spoke the pre trickled down Diana's cock, warmly touching her fingers. She stroked it into the hot tense flesh, making it very slippery. She discovered then that she liked to slowly slide her hand up and down her length, feeling inch after powerful inch slip through her grasp. Diana liked it when she did that too.

Jenn got to her feet, reaching behind her back as she did so to undo her bra. It fell to the ground leaving her in just her thong. Diana started to scuttle backward, away from the edge of the bed, her movements having that shaft swaying and bobbing stiffly. Jenn laid herself over her, pinning that rock hard rod between their bodies as again they joined lips in a passionate kiss.

At that moment they both decided to indulge themselves in a feel of the other's generous bust, both of which were quivering freely with all that movement. As they filled their hands with beautiful feminine flesh their tongues lashed. Diana was the first to offer rough pinches to the nipple with thumb and forefinger, still palming Jenn's ample breasts with the rest of her hands all the while. Jenn squealed softly at the sharp sensation, then returned the favour, eliciting a giggle and a renewed throb of arousal from Diana. 

Jenn eventually dropped a hand down, preferring in the end to wrap her fingers around Diana's huge cock and offer it long, slippery strokes. Diana purred with appreciation, still palming Jenn's generous breasts.

I can't believe I have her back, Jenn thought. She's way bigger than anything I've had inside me... but I think I can do it. God, I want to.

Jenn rolled off of Diana, tucking in her legs as she slipped the straps of her thong down and tossed it away. Diana took this as a cue to return the favour of the oral attention she'd received, and turned to lie on her tummy before Jenn. She gently guided her thighs open, then placed a little kiss on her mons, testing if she was welcome there. With no sign of disapproval she slid her tongue over Jenn's clit.

"Oooh," Jenn cooed. As Diana continued to gently lap her tongue over that sensitive nub she writhed, her thighs rising slightly. She stroked her hand over Diana's blonde head, feeling the same awe and hunger she'd felt for her when they were young. She shut her eyes and bit down on her bottom lip hotly. "Mmh... baby, give it to me. Give it to me like you used to... With that big cock."

Diana looked up, licking her lips. "Hmm? But, Jenn... I don't think I'll fit anymore." As she laid before her that long shaft was digging stiffly into the bottoms of the blonde's sizable breasts, raring to go despite the misgivings she expressed.

"I want you to. Just... try..."

"Alright. If you insist..." She shuffled forward a bit. Jenn watched as Diana started to work her huge cock with one of her slender hands, spreading more of the slippery precum all over until it glistened and throbbed. She held the middle of her shaft, pointing the tip towards Jenn's waiting slit, then advanced a little further until it sat against her folds.

The head slowly spread Jenn's lips, forcing them apart wider than they were ever accustomed to. Jenn moaned softly, a little frightened by the thickness of Diana but wanting more of her so very badly. "Mmmh," Diana groaned, as she slowly slid inch after inch into Jenn's tight sex. "Wow... that feels different. I mean it's tight, but it doesn't feel like I'm not allowed in." 
