 The following is, by a certain definition, a futanari/dickgirl story. It does NOT at any point feature sex with minors (individuals below the age of 18)

Chapter 1

Thursday, May 26, 1994

Jessica wasn't like the other girls. Crouching against the brick wall of her high school, she hid the tears that rolled down her cheeks. Her strawberry blonde locks further obscured any view of her as she silently wept. Unable to face the others, she was going to miss another class as she again cried alone out in the soccer field. In the skirt and dress shirt of her school uniform she settled further down into the fresh grass, the cool morning dew wetting her naked thighs.

Why did the other girls have to be so mean to her? Their teasing was incessant - though 'tease' is a gentle word for the abuse she endured. They loved the fact that she, then eighteen, had been repeating her eleventh year of school for the second time. They called her 'stupid', or worse. She was no less intelligent than any of them, but she was well behind in her grades because of all the classes she'd miss, unable to face their cruelty. 

It added insult to injury that the girls mocking her were now two years her junior. It didn't even matter any more that those younger girls didn't understand why they teased. They were simply imitating the treatment Jessica had received from her original rivals, who had already graduated. At their school, shunning Jessica was 'a thing'. The teachers and administration noticed, but cared little.

She was not a very fortunate girl at all. Her life may have been very different in a more normal school, but that was a privilege she could not enjoy. She, like all of the other girls, was an orphan. Without families, the girls of St. Vincent's Roman Catholic Girl's Orphan Secondary formed extremely tight bonds, and in turn their rivalries were just as intense. If she had family, maybe she would have learned the confidence to stand up for herself, and mistreatments such as the ones she endured would not have came to fruit. 

If there were boys in the school also, maybe she would have been treated differently and felt some sort of self worth. The shunning and ostracization she received really boiled down to one unfortunate circumstance: intense jealousy, on the part of the other girls. In Jessica's almost all-female environment she didn't fully understand this, but it was indeed the case. 

The teasing began at the onset of puberty. At the age of eleven, seemingly overnight, Jessica became taller than the other girls. Breasts appeared on her chest. She began to bleed from places the girls didn't yet realize they were supposed to. She was growing too much too soon and was singled out for it. As the years passed and the girls became young women the situation further soured. They would call her words like 'slut', 'bimbo', and worse, because they were jealous for how she had grown to be so exceptionally and effortlessly beautiful. A radiant gem in a sea of averageness. 

She rose to her feet slowly, brushing a blade of grass off of her knee, straightening and adjusting the school uniform that fit her so unflatteringly. Slender figured at a height of 5'5", the dress shirt was a couple sizes too big for her, but it was the smallest size she could button up around her bosom, which had recently overgrown her DD cup bra. "Balloon-tits", they sometimes called her. 

At that moment she felt someone's eyes upon her, a stranger's gaze from beyond the school's chain link fence. Oh, how she detested the stares of strange men. Construction workers who yelled things almost as offensive as her classmates would. Young men who said nothing, but their eyes spoke lecherous volumes. It made her feel so strange, so dirty. She scanned the fence, finally finding the person she had detected. To her surprise it was a woman, dressed proper and business-like, yet not boringly. She held a briefcase, and also had a small purse tucked against her side.

The woman smiled warmly at her. Jessica blinked a moment, then shyly gave a wave of her hand. Her observer seemed to chuckle, then with a flick of her wrist beckoned her over to have a word with her. Jessica did so, beginning to blush deeply at the state she was in: cheeks tear-stained, nose running a little. She felt only more self conscious for the way her breasts bounced with every step, those gravity defying oversized orbs a feature the others had conditioned her to be ashamed for.

"Hey darling. What's the matter? It's far too nice a morning for tears," the woman said. She spoke soothingly, and her voice was rich and gentle. Her diction was eloquent and precise.

Jessica regarded the woman more closely once they stood close, though separated by the school's fence. She was an inch or two taller than Jessica. Her business-like attire consisted of a fashionably matching jacket and skirt of subdued lavender, while a lace-trimmed black shirt was underneath, offering just a hint of cleavage upon creamy perfect skin. Her hair was in contrast to her getup, for the rich wavy black locks were accented with purple streaks. Purple apparently was her colour. She was also exceptionally beautiful, easily moreso than any woman that Jessica had ever before beheld.

"Oh, it's... nothing. I just don't like school," she replied silently, turning her gaze downward bashfully.

"Oh? Well I wouldn't have expected you to," the woman said with a chuckle. "Considering that it's late May, I'd say you don't have long until summer break anyway."

Jessica nodded. "Yes. It shouldn't be long-"

"But," the woman interrupted, "you'll still be here anyway once classes end, because you don't have anywhere else to go."

She nodded again with a sigh. "Mhmm."

"Catholic All-Girls Orphan School, eh? That really is something."

Jessica's expression soured slightly... she suspected that the stranger was mocking her. It had become a reflex of hers, to assume the worst intentions in others.

"Oh, no, I don't mean to ah... make fun. I was just observing, darling."

She and the stranger silently shared a gaze. It was then that Jessica noticed that, like her garb or streaked hair, even her eyes were purple. Deep violet in fact. And what a gaze it was - she felt like the woman could see into her, like she was reading her fears and desires. It wasn't scary. It was actually comforting. She felt a feeling of security in those violet eyes.

The woman broke their silence: "It isn't school that's the problem, it's the other girls, isn't it?"

Jessica nodded earnestly, beginning to flush with despair at the mere thought of the others.

"Oh, darling. What's your name?"

"Jessica. Jessica Hunt... is what it said on my birth certificate." And guess what fun rhymes the other girls had come up with for her last name?

"I'm Marla. And your age?"

"Eighteen."

"Oh, good! You'll be out of here in no time then! Class of ninety-four."

Jessica almost spoke, but then closed her mouth and averted her gaze.

"Hmm. That's not the case? You're behind in your grades, then."

Jessica blushed deeply.

"...which is not due to any lack of intellectual ability on your part. It's because you spend so many of your classes hiding out, like you are right now in this field," Marla said cautiously, measuring her pace around the sensitive young lady.

"Yes."

"What a life you lead. Poor thing. Tell you what: I don't normally do this, but I don't think you are in a very normal situation." Marla reached into her purse and pulled out a yellow post-it pad and pen. She wrote down a phone number in purple ink, removed the page from the little pad and stuck it through the fence. Jessica took it silently. "Now I don't necessarily expect you to call, but you are so welcome to do so. If you need a friend, someone to listen to, someone who - and believe me I do - understands, it can be me. That's my home number. Call any time, okay darling?"

Jessica nodded as she looked down at the little note, about to say something, then hesitating. Marla observed for a moment, then filled in the blank.

"Ah, yes, of course." She rummaged about in her purse and produced a couple quarters. "I suppose you'll need these also, then," she said, passing them to her through the fence. Jessica nodded, giving a little giggle at the sardonic humour of her misfortune. She couldn't even afford a phone call. "Well, hey then!" Marla said. "A smile! And what a lovely smile too. I do hope I'll see more of that!"

Jessica flushed again, though her cheeks had only just returned to their natural shade moments before. "Okay. Maybe..."

Marla nodded. "Mhmm. Well, I'd best be off then. Places to be, things to do," she said as she jiggled her briefcase purposefully. "Goodbye Jessica, and be strong. Do call me."

"Goodbye."

Marla left. Jessica stood there, transfixed by the vision of the woman as she walked away, never once gazing back. So confident. She weaved her fingers through the links of the fence, feeling that the moment had ended too soon, that she didn't want to return yet to the school, with its ugly uniforms, uncaring teachers and evil, malicious students.

Chapter 2

Saturday, May 28, 1994

Jessica was walking through a forest. It was just after sunset and the horizon was rosy pink, the rest of the sky a deep, fabulous violet. Stars were already brightly visible above, twinkling like the most fantastic diamonds, though their light was puny in comparison to the brilliant full moon which shone huge, casting a soft light down through the branches of the trees. 

It was hot, terribly so, and Jessica was thirsty and sticky with perspiration. She could distantly hear the tinkling of water. It sounded cool and refreshing. Without hesitation she left the beaten path in search of the sound, soon finding herself on a smaller less frequently trod path through bushes and shrubs. 

The forest opened up to reveal a pond of clear, pure water, fed by a small stream. She kneeled by the side of the pond and with a hairband she had around her wrist tied her reddish-blonde hair into a pony tail. She cupped her hands under the cool water, bringing it up to sip. It was exactly what she needed, so she continued to drink, wetting her parched throat and satisfying her thirst. 

Feeling secure in the fact that she was alone she rose to her feet and kicked off her plain shoes, unbuttoned her ugly dress shirt and let it fall, her bra soon to follow. She sighed softly, massaging her poor breasts... it felt so good for them to be free of that ill-fitted constraint, to be revealed to the air. She wriggled out of her skirt and panties. The moonlight glinted off her fair skin, glowing softly as she gracefully lowered her slender body into the water.

A feeling of peace washed over her. The pond was a place of tranquillity, refreshing to not only her body but also her troubled mind. Languidly she rested her back against the steep wall of the pond and shut her eyes. 

Her calmness was broken when she felt movement in the water. Opening her eyes, she saw bubbles beginning to rise before her. Something, or someone, was in that pond with her! She braced herself for what was to come. A head rose from the water, followed by pale shoulders and the tops of a pair of full breasts. Jessica knew those violet eyes, that confident facial expression; it was Marla. This was Marla's pond. Jessica's alarm turned to relief.

"Hello Jessica. I see you've found my home. Couldn't just use the phone?"

Jessica's heart fluttered. For some reason she was glad to see Marla... extremely glad. Sure, she'd been on her mind since that Thursday morning, constantly actually, but the extent of her reaction was still unexpected.

"I needed to see you in person," she heard herself reply. Were those really her words?

Smoothly Marla closed the distance between the two, bringing them breast to breast. She smelled absolutely wonderful. It was a flowery scent, yet with a warm, deep undertone. "I knew you would. You need me, don't you?"

Jessica nodded. Her heart was aflutter, her spine tingled with electricity. With desire. She wrapped her arms around Marla's neck, practically giving herself to the mysterious older woman. Wasting no time, Marla joined her lips to Jessica's, and they shared a deep, passionate kiss.

Jessica whimpered into Marla's lips. God, she was getting so hot! Down there... somehow she made her extremely aroused. She couldn't help but rock her hips under the water against Marla. Their lips came apart, gazes locked. Seeing movement at Marla's shoulder, Jessica soon felt one of the mysterious woman's fingers enter her eager little cleft. Her other arm came around Jessica's back to support her as she pushed her up against the wall of the pond, her home. Their lips joined once more in a passionate kiss as Marla skillfully worked that finger within Jessica, filling her with such pleasure.

"Mmmh...!"

Jessica felt Marla hold her then with both arms, one at her back still and the other caressing her rear, which was very strange, because she somehow still felt that finger inside her. It didn't feel like a finger anymore... it felt less flexible. And bigger. It didn't even matter that much to Jessica how this was possible, not when it felt so good! She dragged her hips up and down against the movements of that penetrating thing, moaning with wanton desire into Marla's mouth.

She felt Marla's hands move to her waist, holding her securely before she ended the kiss to back away and gain a little distance. Jessica wasn't the only one rocking her hips under the water... Marla was clearly moving to a steady rhythm, driving that thing in and out of her. It was hot, throbbing, and beating to the rhythm of her heart. There was no doubt at all about what it was. 

"Oh god Marla... Yes!"

Jessica's sight began to turn to black. The sounds of the water and their embrace became a ringing in her ears. The last thing she saw was those violet eyes, gazing hypnotically into her own. Sensation remained, as did the smell of Marla's floral warmth... a passionate smell, if such a thing could exist. And it felt incredible. It felt... absolutely huge! Just as it had seamlessly morphed from a penetrating finger into something anatomically much lower, it was growing, and the bigger it got the more gratifying it felt inside her. She felt like Marla was spreading her so wide, driving waves of incredible pleasure into her with each stroke of that powerful improbable length, deep into the core of her being. 

"Yes, Jessica... Come to me. Cum for me!"

***

Jessica awoke in the midst of an incredible orgasm. She was gasping for air as each wave of pleasure wracked her like sparks of electric ecstasy. She had her fingers inside her panties, which were totally soaked, apparently from pleasuring herself while she had that bizarre amazing dream. In the morning light she desperately continued to rub her clit, trying to hold on to the image of Marla inside her. She whimpered softly, hiding the sounds of her climax lest she awake the girl whose room she shared.

Finally the orgasm ebbed away. Jessica breathed a sigh of confused relief. Cold sweat lay upon her brow.

The circumstances that had just unfolded were extremely strange... what had just happened? She very strongly felt the afterglow, deeply wishing she could return to that pond for more. 

She tried to fall back asleep and be again in that place in her dreams, but she was unable to, and after an hour spent trying she gave up.

Chapter 3

A little later Jessica sat at the foot of her bed, dressed for a Saturday in her casual clothes: A t-shirt and jeans. She had just gotten out of the shower and was brushing her damp hair. Only now that she was fully awake did it truly occur to her just how strange that night's fantasy had been. The implications were troubling, to say the least.

She had had small fantasies about other females before, but never ones so sexual. She recalled in the past having dreams of girls who would accept her and who treated her tenderly, but outright sex had never been involved. Did her strange dream mean she was gay?

But then, Marla was kind of also a man, wasn't she? How was that even possible? She still felt the desire clinging to her, a longing for that woman to repeat what she did to her in that pond. Did that mean she had feelings for Marla? She had been on her mind since that Thursday morning, sure, but it wasn't it mostly out of curiosity, or a desire for friendship? 

Yet in her dream it definitely felt like love. It had felt like she belonged to the mysterious Marla, and she liked it. It would be better to belong to her than to her godforsaken orphan's school.

Jessica shrugged her shoulders in resignation, unable to sort out her thoughts. One thing was clear: she'd returned to the real world, where a being like the one she loved in her dream would not be found. But god, how she wished she could be.

Jessica got off her bed and headed out of the dormitory. She was going to use the payphone, to call the real Marla. Maybe it would make the ache in her heart go away by resolving the desire she was left with with after the dream. Maybe the reality of speaking to or seeing her would break the spell. Maybe, she just wanted to make a friend. Besides, what else was there to do on a Saturday? 

She dialled the number and inserted the coins. The phone rung once, then there was the click of someone picking it up on the other end. "Hello?"

"Hi... Is this Marla?"

"Ah, Jessica. Jessica Hunt. So glad you called."

Jessica was silent, taken aback by how the voice on the line had instantly recognized her. "Uh yes, yes it's me... Just thought I'd give you a ring today..."

"Well thank you for doing so, darling." Darling. Jessica liked the way she called her 'darling'. "Did you want to meet up, find something to do?"

"Oh, sure, we can do that."

"Great. I'll be over soon. Be ready in half an hour." The line went dead before Jessica could say another word. No time to negotiate.

She was starting to feel a little nervous from the anticipation of meeting up with the mysterious woman. She just seemed so confident, so cool, so well put together. The contrast of her business attire that Thursday morning with her edgy streaked hair and the fact that she looked no older than thirty left an impression on Jessica. She was like a television idealization of a modern-day super woman, someone a young lady would admire. And there was Jessica, stuck in a hell of a high school, too timid and weakened to confront anyone, let alone one as seemingly impressive as Marla. But then how much did she really know about Marla, other than her first impressions? 

Roughly half an hour later Marla pulled into the driveway in front of Jessica's school. She drove a Mercedes Benz two-seater in navy blue. The top was down. Apparently Marla had a bit of money to spend! She smiled warmly at Jessica, lifting her sunglasses off her nose to better see the young lady.

"Come on, hop in!" 

Jessica did precisely that, delicately opening the door of the stylish car and settling in, buckling herself up. "Yeah, nice car isn't it? I'd have gotten purple if they'd had it."

Marla was wearing a much more casual attire than before. A sundress of dark material clung to her loosely, revealing details that were obscured during their initial meeting. Jessica could see that her body was athletic, toned and trim, yet very feminine, with lush hourglass curves and a full bosom that was just a cup or two smaller than her own. 

She was peering over at Jessica, taking in her much less stylish getup. The jeans were plain and while they looked as good as anything would on her, they could have been improved upon. The t-shirt was oversized and featured the logo of a band that had stopped being relevant five years earlier. It definitely could have been replaced with something more flattering.
