 The following is, by a certain definition, a futanari/dickgirl story. It does NOT at any point feature sex with minors (individuals below the age of 18)

Chapter 6

Tuesday, May 31, 1994

Through partially curtained windows the mid morning light dimly lit her bedroom. Wearing her bathrobe, she seated herself before her vanity and removed the towel from her hair, letting her long wavy locks fall and frame her pale visage. Uncapping a dark red lipstick, she leaned in closer to the vanity mirror, making an 'O' with her lips, and began to apply the pigment. She puckered and smooched, then chuckled her satisfaction.

Gorgeous. For hundreds of years, she'd always been gorgeous. 

She rose, untied the rope at her waist and shrugged out of the robe, revealing creamy smooth skin. Glancing to her left, she caught her profile in her tall full-body mirror. She took in her figure: lithe and toned athletically, yet with no lack of lush feminine curve. Despite their enticing plumpness, her breasts sat high and shapely upon her chest, tipped with bold nipples. Her rear swelled out with a womanly roundness that well suited the proportions of her figure. Lowering her gaze to her cock, she turned to face the mirror and struck a sultry pose as she traced her hand down to cup its flaccid form. It, and the hairless sac below it, were in stack contradiction to any conventional ideals of womanly beauty. She slid her hand along the soft length, then let the sizable appendage drop to sway between her upper thighs.

She was expecting a phone call. Jessica had been away from her for one day and one night, going on another day now. She must have been in agony, desperate to spend another night with her.

"You give a girl a taste," she muttered as she slid her smooth legs into some black pantyhose, "and they're never the same..."

She pulled the lacy-trim up her thighs, then tucked her member inside the left leg. Settling back down onto the comfortable bench in front of her vanity, she chuckled again, though with an excitement that belied her usual confidence and steely grace.

"Such a special girl, that Jessica Hunt." 

It had been centuries since Marla had felt such excitement for one of her partners. Granted, she wasn't quite ecstatic for the situation, but when one has lived as long as she, it's significant. It was because Jessica was so innocent. Eighteen years yet still so unspoiled. The all-girls orphanage where she stayed and attended classes had sheltered her from the evils of the world, and given her a sense of humility that was hard to find. And it was all so rare and unlikely, because Jessica was so. Damned. Beautiful. It made the experience, something she had been through many times already, seem new.

It was on the previous Sunday that, after cleaning up after themselves, they had crawled into her jacuzzi to lounge about and finish that bottle of wine. Only moments before Jessica had, in her moment of passion, admitted that she was essentially Marla's. She had spoke no more of it, preferring small talk, but from the look in her eyes, and the things they had done, it was obviously so, and would be so, until things had run their course. She'd spent the night, and early the next morning Marla drove the young lady back to her school to return her to her normal life.

To spend another day without Marla, in that lonesome dormitory full of jealous girls, would surely be torture. 

As expected, moments later her antiqued telephone did indeed ring.

"Marla Dennis speaking."

"Marla, it's me."

"Hello, darling. How are you?"

"I'm okay. Listen, are you available?" From the tone of her voice, Jessica wasn't quite 'okay'. It could have been sadness or frustration at her lonesome surroundings... or it could have been desire.

"I'm sorry Jessica, but no, not at the very moment. Did you want to get together?"

"Yes... very much in fact."

"I can pick you up at five pm. Will that do?"

"Mhmm. Can you come any sooner, though?"

"I'm afraid not. You just sit tight, I'll be over as soon as I'm available. Five pm."

"Okay. Goodbye, Marla. See you soon."

"Goodbye Jessica."

The truth of the matter was that Marla could get her affairs in order long before then, but she wanted to make her wait just a little longer. A few hours wasn't too cruel. It was all a part of her game, to make Jessica really appreciate just how much she needed her. 

It wasn't to say though that Marla wasn't likewise anticipating their meeting. In her mind's eye she recalled the girl, so slender and young yet utterly stacked, kneeling before her, astonished to behold the hidden gifts of an immortal goddess' body. It felt so good when Jessica took ahold of her cock, her hands and tongue soon learning exactly how to do what she wanted her to do with it. And from that moment Jessica was hers.

She shook her head, passing the thought to the back of her mind as she willed herself not to become aroused, her member having already fattened slightly within her sheer pantyhose. Now was not the time for that.

Chapter 7

Despite the rapidly warming weather Jessica had bundled herself up in a jacket, obscuring the clothes she wore, lest one of the other girls would see. Waiting outside for Marla to arrive at five pm on a weekday, she couldn't afford them knowing about the brand new clothes Marla had gifted her with. Not that she planned to be around any of them for much longer, but she didn't want to have any confrontations.

As it had been since the previous morning, when she had been brought her back to her school for her classes, Jessica's mind could only think of how amazing an experience she had had that Sunday night. She was bordering on obsession, dreaming of Marla's unbelievable body and all the things she wanted to do to with it. She was probably too big for there to be any more than oral and hand play, and that was an area of disappointment to her, but the mere thought of all the other things they could do and the tastes and smells of her enigmatic lover were more than enough for her to handle.

When finally Marla arrived, in full style with the top of her convertible down, Jessica took off her coat and tucked it beneath her arm, revealing the outfit she had chosen and the sumptuous display it provided: A white and black striped tank top clunging close to her torso, fitting her far better than her school uniforms ever would and revealing the curve and cleave of her overly plentiful bosom and lean belly. Upon the flare of her hips tiny daisy-duke jean shorts squeezed her rear. Marla took a moment to take in the flirty casual wear, her breath catching in her chest at the sudden onslaught of visual temptation as Jessica bounded over to the passenger side door and hopped in.

"Oh my... Jessica, you look adorable... and utterly delicious," she said as she reached over to stroke Jessica's naked thigh.

"Thank you," she replied as she buckled herself in, "and thanks for coming to get me today. I understand you must have been busy, but-"

Marla waved her hand, cutting Jessica off. "Think nothing of it. There's nothing I'd rather do than have the lovely Jessica to myself tonight."

***

Upon entering the apartment, Marla tossed her things onto a chair and then turned to face Jessica, who smiled and stepped closer to her, pleased to finally have the privacy to properly kiss her new love. Marla caught her and slid her hand into her lovely strawberry blonde locks, pressing their lips together in a smouldering embrace. Jessica couldn't help but softly moan as she tightly wrapped her arms around her and returned that kiss with all of the fiery passion that had built during their time apart. When finally their lips parted Marla started to make her way towards her bedroom. 

"Make yourself at home. I'm just going to get out of these business clothes and slip into something more comfortable."

Jessica was in the kitchen pouring herself a glass of water when Marla returned. She set her glass down on the kitchen counter and turned to a sight that left her speechless.

"Do you like it?" Marla asked, smiling playfully as she gave a theatrical spin. The loose fitting short sleeved belly top was made of very thin fabric, and it was obvious by the visible peaks of her nipples that she wore nothing beneath it. Below there was a flowing skirt of sheer material, trailing down to her ankles. Having nothing to hide from Jessica now, the silhouette of Marla's low hanging gifts could be easily seen through it, again due to a lack of underwear. Marla advanced toward her, perky unsupported bosom shuddering with each step until she could mute any response Jessica might offer by giving another kiss. It was brief, with just a hint of tongue.

"Yes... it looks... very comfortable," she replied breathily, lost for words.

Marla snickered softly. "I wasn't planning on having to leave the apartment any time soon. So I figured you wouldn't mind if I wore something that we could... you know... take off quickly."

"No, I don't mind at all. Though I think if we really make a habit of having me over like this, I'll need to start wearing something similar."

Marla stroked a hand along Jessica's hip, fingers creeping up under her shirt a little. "What a delicious thought! I foresee another shopping trip for us then. Would you like that?"

"Oh yes, definitely," Jessica said, her breath catching in her throat at that touch, her voice only a whisper. "I'll wear whatever you want..."

Marla nodded with a smirk, her violet eyes locking on to Jessica's in a gaze that made it quite clear what sort of activities she intended to come next.

Her excitement mounting, Jessica placed her hands on Marla's waist, pushing her away a few inches. "It felt like forever, waiting for us to see each other again, so I'm not going to waste any more time. I have a present for you, and if you sit down over there on the couch I should be able to give it to you."

"Oh? A present. It's been a while since I've had a present from anyone but myself. Unless you count that little thing you did Sunday night," Marla said. She winked flirtatiously and then swaggered over to the couch, where she sat down neatly.

"Now... despite what you may think, I'm not totally clueless. There aren't really any boys at all where I live, but I do know that I am a little... gifted, in certain departments. I'm not blind to the stares of men. Until now I've never had the pleasure of sharing that gift. Which is something a young lady should be able to do, when the opportunity strikes..."

"Yes, definitely, a lady such as you should," Marla said as she came to stand before her.

"Mhmm. So, if you don't mind, I'd like you to just sit still," she pulled off her tank top, "while I try something new..."

Jessica had chosen to wear the sexiest bra she had, a frilly black and red number they had bought together during the weekend. Marla gulped at the sight of the girl as she tossed her top to the floor. If memory served her correctly, the bras they had replaced her outgrown DDs with were sized 34F, certainly not a common size for a slender little beauty such as she. And boy did she fill it well. 

She turned and began to unbutton her jean shorts. Wriggling out of them, she slowly revealed the rounded cheeks of her rear, the strap of her thin black thong disappearing easily between them as she bent to slide the tiny denim thing down her legs. Once those shorts were off she turned to face Marla again, one hand placed coquettishly upon her hip. 

"Mmm... Jessica, you sexy little mink," Marla purred, already feeling a stirring between her thighs. "Now what do you have planned for me?"

Jessica pursed her lips at that comment, showing a playful sort of disdain. "Little...? Marla, I'm almost as big as you!" She slowly advanced towards Marla, rocking her hips with every step and letting her tits bounce lusciously. She then turned away from her and sat herself down in her lap, placing her hands on her knees. She was ready to put on a show. "Now, you're going to see how much of a big girl I can be."

Marla chuckled, holding Jessica where her thin waist flared out into her hips, just above the straps of her thong. Her member was starting to throb a little as she took in her half naked form, particularly the sides of her breasts, which were well visible from behind in the space between her upper arms and body.

"Hey, what did I say about you sitting still!" Jessica scolded. She took Marla's hands and tossed them back down onto the cushions of the couch. "No hands... yet."

Marla harumphed, crossing her arms beneath her chest as she waited for her next move. 

Returning her hands to their anchor over Marla's knees, Jessica leaned forward, making a display of her curvy thong clad bottom, which she wiggled and swayed back and forth over her lap. Marla purred, very much enjoying the naughty side of a girl she presumed to be so innocent. Her length was thickening, sitting semi erect on top of her left thigh. When that swaying rear brushed over it, Jessica sighed softly, beginning to focus her attentions on it... rubbing her wettening thinly clothed sex up and down its length.

"Mmm... yes, I like that..." Marla was quickly hardening in response to those naughty motions, and soon Jessica felt the tip of Marla's prick begin to poke at her wrist, her hands still firmly grasping the sitting woman's knees. She began to catch a stronger whiff of Marla's delicious trademark scent, a nuanced odour that gave her sensuous urges.

"Oooh, and I love that," Jessica replied with a giggle as she got up off her lap and stole a peek over her shoulder, unable to resist the sight of Marla at full length beneath the gossamer folds of that long sheer skirt. She reached behind her back, unclasping her bra, and then, one arm holding those cups against her chest, sat back down on Marla's lap for the second phase of her lap dance. Again, her back turned, she began to grind up and down Marla's shaft, which had become quite hard.

Marla was beginning to have trouble resisting now that she was fully aroused. Feeling tense, she stared as the girl's bra barely shielded those spectacular breasts. She summoned her discipline and stifled the urge to touch, choosing to let her continue her game of temptation.

"Remember... no hands," Jessica said as she tossed the bra away, her rounded prizes finally sitting free to the open air. She continued to grind up and down her cock, faster now, and Marla watched the sides of her breasts rock with each motion of her against her turgid length. 

"Oh, hoh... dear," Marla groaned, hungry for her. She could feel the heat of her precum beginning to drip against her leg, she was so hard.

Finally Jessica leaned back over her, scootching up her lap. "Okay... now you can touch."

Marla grabbed handfuls of her bountiful bosom, pinching roughly at her sensitive nips. She trailed hard, messy kisses up and down Jessica's neck, then whispered roughly in her ear, "that was very naughty... I didn't know you were so naughty." She let go of a breast, smearing a lusty hand down Jessica's slender body until she could rub her clit. "Now you're going to find out what I do to naughty girls." Jessica moaned, grinding against Marla still, though doing so then purely out of want.

Without much warning Marla suddenly scooped Jessica up into her arms. With surprising strength she easily carried her to her bedroom, her hard rod swaying with each step as it tented the long skirt, and unceremoniously dumped Jessica belly-first onto the soft bed. She gave her younger lover no time to react as she quickly wrenched that little thong down, exposing her aroused folds. Now it would be Marla's turn to taste the other.

Jessica moaned out loudly as she felt that first pass of Marla's tongue against her, giving up any sense of control, willingly leaving herself to the mercy of her experienced lover. Heavens, Marla thought to herself, this little beauty tastes just as good as she looks. She plunged her tongue in, savouring the flavour of the moaning tart, then lapped up and down her crease, wanting to grab every drop of arousal she could get. Fingers digging into her soft cheeks, Marla spread Jessica roughly, letting her tongue plunge deeper still, eliciting more moans of pleasure from the helpless young vixen.

Satisfied, she then rose to her feet and quickly whipped off her loose top. Unclasping a pin at her waist, her skirt was next to follow, the flowing material elegantly unfurling and falling off her hips, only to hang like dark drapery off her extensive cock. 

Jessica rolled onto her back to behold the spectacle standing before her. She was spellbound by the supernatural perfection of her lover, all offset by the throbbing hardness that jutted well outwards before her, the sight of which was instantly driving her mad with lust. 

Marla ripped that cloth off of her cock, and the force of unveiling it had it whipping back and forth stiffly, flinging a few drips of precum to her bedroom floor. 

"Oh my god..." Jessica was considering making a move toward that hypnotically swaying tool when Marla dropped down to her knees, firmly grabbing ahold of Jessica's thighs as she began to lap her tongue up and down her clit. "Ho-oh-oh! God Marla, that feels nice..."

She let go of one of Jessica's thighs, easily sliding a finger up into her wet slit. Jessica felt quite tight, and it didn't take much prodding to make her moan, not when Marla continued to flick her tongue over her clit so steadily. She rubbed her finger a little deeper, against that most sensitive region, and Jessica shuddered at the sensation, her young sex beginning to beat with need. Marla couldn't help but hump her hips at the air as she continued to expertly pleasure Jessica, her rock hard rod swaying, pre still dripping in her state of intense arousal. She wanted to plunge herself deep into that orange haired beauty, but it was far too soon for that. 

"Agh, yes, keep going...!" Jessica was tightening up, her body preparing to release in climax. Marla tongued harder as she used those last moments to sneak a second finger inside. After a few strong rubs Jessica was writhing in ecstasy, her sex releasing a warm flush of sweet nectar onto Marla's tongue. She lapped it all up, savouring the delicious taste of the girl as she unrelentingly massaged her G-spot.

"Oh, enough, please, I can't take any more!" Jessica moaned, pleadingly pawing at Marla's hair. Marla gave a moment's more teasing attention before she released her and slowly rose to her feet, reluctant to stop yet terribly eager for what was to come next. Dazed, Jessica saw Marla looming before her, and saw that the preceding moments had not been kind to her, for that mesmerizing shaft was trembling turgidly and slowly dripping precum from the neglect. Her senses coming back into focus, she sat up and was quick to grab ahold of her.

"Mmhm... yes," Marla whispered. Jessica wasted no time at all in plunging that slick hot head into her mouth, lapping up the delicious seed that trickled out of it. She sighed with delight as she stroked a hand up and down, spreading what fluid had already gathered upon it around. She'd yearned to do that for days... her time had finally come.

Her knees buckling at the sensation, Marla no longer wanted to stand, so she sat down on the edge of the bed. Jessica was quick to reciprocate as she got up, and soon enough she was the one kneeling before the other. Standing up upon her knees while Marla sat, she was at just the perfect height to get the end of that rock hard cock in her mouth. "Not too fast, darling," Marla said as she beheld the sight of the beautiful girl, fourteen inches of shaft standing parallel to her ribcage as she suckled and stroked greedily, "... let's make this moment last..."

