 The following is, by a certain definition, a futanari/dickgirl story. It does NOT at any point feature sex with minors (individuals below the age of 18)

Chapter 16

"Ohh... kitty!" Shelley squealed at the sight of the large fluffy cat. It sat at the door of Donna's room as they entered, watching intently with its green eyes and swishing its tail.

"Yes indeed," Donna said as she bent down to pet her furry companion. "Hello there baby... did you miss me?"

"Mroww," the cat responded as it nuzzled Donna's hand, then proceeded to rub itself along her calves. 

"What's its name?"

"His name is Wilford, and he's my big baby boy." The cat purred appreciatively as Donna hoisted it up into her arms.

"I can see that. Is he a Maine Coon?" Shelley set down her guitar case by the doorway, then stepped closer to Donna to get a better look at Wilford.

"Norwegian Forest Cat." Donna nuzzled Wilford's head against her cheek, then set the cat back down on the floor. "Can I get you anything to drink? I've got some Smirnoff Ice in the fridge."

"Ugh, Smirnoff Ice...? Well, sure I guess," Shelley said. She sat herself down on Donna's futon, which was still in its bed setting.

There was a clatter of glasses and the soft 'fump' of a small bar fridge, then Donna sat herself down beside Shelley, offering a bottle of the beverage.

"Sorry I left my bed this way. Do you want me to make it into a couch?"

"Oh no, this is fine," Shelley said. She took her first sip, then held up the bottle to take a look at it, smacking her lips at the tart flavour. "You know, I always thought this stuff looks kind of like... you know..."

"Cum?" Donna said with a hushed tone, followed with a little giggle.

"Hah, yeah, like that. I'd rather drink this than any man's cum, though."

"Yeah. Any man's... Diana's is a different story."

"Hmm, yeah. Such a shame... It would have been a pretty epic follow up to our playing such a good show tonight."

Donna nodded. "Well, at least you're with me. Think of me as your groupie."

Shelley cocked her eyebrow, grinning with interest as she looked at her pretty companion. The drinks they'd had earlier at Diana's friend's work must have really loosened her up, because the implications of her words could very well have been considered an open flirtation. "Oh... really?"

"Uh huh." She took a deep swig of the translucent white drink.

"Well... thank you for having me over," Shelley said. "With the change of plans I was without a place to stay tonight... and also out of things to do."

"Well I'm right here and I'm still wide awake."

Shelley looked at Donna for a moment, thinking about their relationship. The other girls, in their typically catty manner, were making some rather obvious efforts to exclude her recently, due most likely to the liking Diana seemed to have taken to her since that Friday. She had invited Donna out herself then, bringing her with her to the show that night to keep her in the fold, and the time they'd spent together was good. It had been their first time getting together on their own, independent of their little clique, and it was safe to say that the two had become true friends. 

It was easy to see why Diana seemed so partial to Donna... she was beautiful, in a rare way, as if all of the best traits of her Japanese mother and Canadian father had come together to create a delicate mix of exotic beauty. She also had a good heart, which was more than Shelley could say about the other girls. In the heat of the moment they had fooled around during one of Diana's group orgies. During those occasions, anything was possible... but now, alone with each other, Shelley was surprised to find that the girl was flirting, and she was still feeling receptive.

With a sigh and a demure glance downwards followed by an impish smile, Shelley inched closer to Donna, whose eyes lit slightly at that approach. She brushed a smooth lock of black hair away from Donna's cheek as she leaned forward slowly, tilting her head to experimentally place a soft kiss on her mouth.

Backing away, she saw that Donna had shut her eyes, her lips pursed for more tender affection. 

"So... you're not gonna kick me out, then?"

Donna shook her head, silent though her blushing cheeks made her feelings clear.

Chapter 17

Jenn wasn't getting out of bed anytime soon. The alarm in her phone was ringing, alerting her to the psychology lecture she was supposed to attend in an hour, but that morning she lacked the will to have any part of that, let alone simply get out of bed.

The previous night she'd had her heart broken. She'd taken a chance with Diana, despite her cautious misgivings, and predictably enough all she had to show for it was pain. She'd been up all night... drinking, crying, pacing around her room, until she finally succumbed to exhaustion at four am. That metallic pink toy of hers lay in the garbage can, discarded on impulse for the name it bore.

Now despite her raging headache she at least had some mental clarity. 

I was so naive. I wanted to have her back so badly that I ignored the obvious. I convinced myself Diana and those girls were all just friends, but of course they were all fooling around with her. I mean, she's so beautiful, and once you've had a taste of her you're hers. Like I still am. I have been since we were fourteen. 

She could convince anyone to do anything... and I suppose that's what she was doing with me. She probably wanted me to be another one of them, her little collection of trophies.

That wasn't even an option. Unlike those five girls she'd met the previous night, Jenn knew what it was to actually be Diana's lover. She couldn't compromise now, couldn't simply share her. It was a matter of pride, as well as the fact that to do so would be to live a life of constant jealousy and heartbreak.

***

Diana couldn't shake the feeling. For the first time in her life, she felt shame. She felt like she was a bad person. 

Somehow in her infinite wisdom and superior intellect she'd failed to consider the feelings of her old friend Jenn. It had been of no consideration to her that maybe she wouldn't want to stoop to the level of her various other pretty playthings when they had so much history together. The poor thing must have been sure that they were actually going to return to what they used to have back in their innocent explorative high school days. She'd given Jenn that hope, took what she wanted, and then showed her the reality of her intentions. She couldn't blame her for being sad, or angry for that matter.

For years her life had been about having fun. Nights out on the town, followed by sex with as many beautiful women as she pleased. It wasn't for her to worry if they became jealous of each other or vied for her favour... that was for them to sort out. Now that she'd hurt someone she truly cared for, she was realizing the error in her ways.

To cap it all off, there was that blowjob in the car with Stacy and Erica. Not moments after she'd hurt Jenn, it was back to old patterns. What a piece of work she was. Remorsefully, she shook the thought out of her head, then got up to get a drink of water from her kitchen.

She was dressed in but a tank top and some loose pyjama pants. They were the clothes she wore when she was by herself, with only her thoughts and her personal affairs to concern her. There was no need to hide the lively bounce of her sizable breasts, nor to contain and conceal the swaying presence of her lower gifts. Even through the bottom of her glass of water she could make out the shape of her flaccid member, the imprint plain to see under the thin fabric as it lay against her thigh. 

"Was it you who did this?" she said, "did you convince me to hurt Jenn? Just like you convinced me to let Stacy and Erica have their fun, right after?" The absurdity of herself addressing her own genitalia out loud had occurred to her, making her smile.

She set down her glass, "in fact, aren't you to blame for it all? You're the one who turned a bunch of heterosexual females into my sex slaves. And now someone I care very much for, probably hates me."

Her mind shifted to thoughts of what she and Jenn had shared earlier that Monday. It was better than what she and the girls did. Sure, it was fun seeing all the creative ways they'd come up with to share her, but it was no comparison to what she and Jenn had. Jenn's body was, due probably to the year of development they'd shared in their teens, receptive to her, even despite all her growth since. And there was the emotional aspect... they didn't just have sex. They made love.

In her reminiscing her cock began to fatten, sending shivers of pleasure up Diana's spine. She closed her eyes and visualized Jenn as she was that Monday... Naked and beautiful, lying there, wanting her. It felt so good to enter her, to make her cum.

Opening her eyes again she saw a familiar sight: The left leg of her pyjama pants was rising with her stiffening rod, pulling the pantleg out for almost the length of her thigh. She stroked a hand along the clothed warmth, gently teasing herself.

"Ooh, look how hard you are now. You like it when I think about Jenn, don't you?"

She untied the cord of her pyjama pants and slipped out of them, the removal of the left leg proving to be a bit more complicated than the right. She tossed them towards her bed, then leaned back against her kitchen counter as she stared down at her erect cock. The air felt cool against it as it twitched, jutting straight out.

"I need to be more careful about who I share you with. Lately it's been the cause of a lot of pain. Maybe I should just share you less." She finally reached down and wrapped her hand around her midlength. "In fact... tonight I think you're just for me."

She chuckled again, still amused by the strangeness of her behaviour as she began to indulge in a couple slow strokes, getting herself even harder. Those passes of her hand quickened, gaining a steady pace as it made the long trip up and down her shaft.

A bead of precum appeared at the tip. She pulled her cock close, pointing the head up to the sky as she bent forward and licked the tasty little bit away with a swipe of her tongue. Still stroking, she stared down her cock like the barrel of a loaded shotgun and swirled the morsel of fluid around in her mouth. "I do taste good... but I don't really see what the big fuss is."

As she'd spoke more pre had flowed out, and it was dripping slowly down her length. With a swipe and twist of her hand she started to coat her shaft with it, aiding her in her self-pleasuring, bringing her to an even greater level of hardness. There was no time for words anymore, for her slick searingly hot cock demanded her mouth. She pulled off her tank top and tossed it towards where her pyjama pants lay, not wanting to soil it, and nakedly slid her back down the side of her kitchen counter until her rear hit the cold tiles of the floor with a soft 'thump'. She hunched forward slightly, passing the head of her cock into her mouth.

It had been a while since she'd indulged herself in that sort of self-love, a behaviour she'd grown tired of some year or two after it had grown long enough for her to do so. Now, as she felt the smooth texture of her own hot flesh on her tongue, the incomparable taste of her goddess seed as it gently flowed, and of course the wonderful sensations of herself stroking and licking her own huge cock, she wondered why she had ever stopped.

"Mmmh," she moaned, grasping herself with both hands and slowly pumping them together up and down her length. With each pass her breasts swayed slightly, occasionally bumping against the upper inches of her shaft. She dipped lower, pressing as much of the fat tip as she could into her mouth, feeling the hot kiss of her tonsils. In her mind's eye there were images of Jenn... the way she moved while they made love, the look on her face as she came...

***

"Omigod, Angela. Look what she's doing."

Angela was sitting on their queen sized bed, which was in a state of disarray as the hotel maid hadn't yet made her rounds. She put down her smartphone as Melissa got up and offered her seat in front of the spyglass they had pointed at Diana's apartment window. 

"Omigod."

"I know!"

"She's really going at it, too. What a horndog."

"Uh-huh."

"I think she's a bit bigger than us. Look at that thing."

"No way! Let me see again," Melissa said, giving her sister a push. She squinted one eye shut and took a good look at what Diana was packing. "No... no, that's just the way she's sitting."

"Is not!"

"Is too!"

***

Faster she stroked. She was throbbing hard and the precum was steadily flowing, dripping out of her mouth onto her lap as she gagged around her own huge endowment. Her slender elegant legs, such a contrast to the monster tool between them, rubbed against each other involuntarily, toes curling as she felt the building pressure. It was only going to be a matter of moments... 

With a gasp for breath Diana pulled her shaft loose and got to her feet. Holding the weighty drooling beam of hardness steady she made a run for her bathroom, where she whipped open her shower curtains and hopped inside. 

"Oooh, yeahh," she groaned as she leaned back, resuming her strokes with even greater speed. She was pointing her cock straight up, her beautiful body arched so gracefully despite the lewdness of her motions. Her first surge of cum shot high, a thick rope that split into a wave of droplets as it rained down on herself and the shower stall with a heavy patter. 

Her movements ceased, save for the clenching and writhing of her body as another and then another shot of cum blasted out of her shuddering shaft and pelted down upon her. She let go of it, letting it rigidly fall to point ahead of her at a forty-five degree angle as she laid back, directing those copious salvos of seed to paint the walls of her shower. As it continued to spurt forth she moaned deeply, massaging the thick fluid that had fallen onto her into her generous breasts, licking up whatever might have landed on her lips.

Finally she crouched on the shower floor and collapsed back against the wall, limbs falling limp as she lay in euphoria. Her shaft still throbbed stiffly, releasing smaller gobs of seed which still easily exceeded the output of any average man.

When it was all over she turned on her shower and washed herself clean. Even with her lust temporarily subdued, she still had Jenn on her mind.

Chapter 18

Jenn kept her head lowered, focusing solely on her work. She couldn't let her mind wander to any dark places of pity or remorse. She had a job to do and tips to collect, which was all very much contingent on her putting on her pretty smile and upholding the carefree atmosphere of that bar and grille. That was what Friday nights were all about... making her money, paying that rent.

There was three hours to go in her shift and her section was full, and in her intense focus Jenn didn't even notice that Diana had just arrived alone and was being seated at the other end of the restaurant. She was dressed just as she was on the day they were first reunited: A denim skirt and a white baby tee, which was thin enough to offer a probing eye a hint of the sturdy pink bra she wore beneath.

Diana ordered a poutine, a salad and a rum and coke, and even when her food had long been finished she still remained at her table. She was watching Jenn, enjoying the sight of her old lover all grown up and hard at work. She loved the way she looked in her work clothes... those tall boots, the little black skirt, that flattering top which she filled so well. She thought it was adorable how her brown ponytail swung as she sashayed around the restaurant. The waiting staff were all eye pleasers, but Jenn was at the top of the heap. 

The number of drinks Diana had ordered were entering the double digits by the time activity in the restaurant started to die down. As Jenn took her fifteen minute break she finally caught sight of her. The calm she had worked so hard to preserve was lost to a wave of emotions: anger, sadness, longing, lust. How dare she come, after what she'd done!

Gathering her composure, Jenn made her way over to Diana's table. The gorgeous blonde saw her coming and smiled warmly to her as she rested her cheek on her palm, her free hand playing with the lime wedge on her drink.

"I didn't think I'd be seeing you here again," Jenn said with a cold tone. "You didn't bring your girlfriends this time, either."

"Hey, Jenn. No, I didn't bring them. I came here to see you, and you only."

Jenn nodded, crossing her arms beneath her bosom and looking stern. "Yeah?"

"Mhmm. I wanted to talk to you. You didn't give me a chance the last time I saw you... and I've had some time to think also." She shifted sidewise on the bench seating in her booth and patted the space she'd freed up beside her. "Please?"

Jenn glanced at her phone. "Well. I still have ten minutes on my break. Fine." She sat herself across from Diana instead of the cozy little space beside her.

"Thank you, Jenn." Diana took a sip of her drink. "Now, first, I believe I must apologize. Must."

Jenn just blinked, not even nodding her head in response, though she had to agree that an apology was called for.

"What I did was bad. It was rude, it was inconsiderate, it was selfish... Let me explain. Now my explanation will in no way make me any less of a bad person. I just want some understanding between us, so you can see things from my point of view..."

"Okay, well my clock is ticking. Get on with it."

Diana sighed, collecting her thoughts before she continued. "My life has been strange, since your family left town. I kept to myself, in terms of relationships, for basically the rest of high school. After that, well, I realized that... um... I'm uh, as you know, very unique... and well. I hope you don't hate this sort of explanation, but. I realized that I can pretty much have whatever I want. And what I have wanted, for the past three years, is beautiful girls. And they want me, too. Life has been awesome."

"Well, this is one hell of an explanation."

"Hold on Jenn, just bare with me. I think I got very used to life being so amazing. I moved here and started all over again, and soon enough I built myself a brand new circle of girlfriends. And yeah, it is understood between you and I now that we all have our fun. Mostly I do though, to be honest.

"I have been so used to this life, of taking what I want and adding it to my collection, that when I ran into you I just automatically went through the motions of incorporating you into that group. And that is wrong. I am so sorry."

Jenn frowned, feeling some unwanted emotions rising within her.

"It was wrong. You aren't like the other girls, Jenn. We... you and I, we were best friends. And when we were together Monday night, I felt something special. It was pure, it was real."

Jenn looked down at her phone, checking the time. A single tear was slowly making its way down her cheek. "I need to get back to work now."

"Alright Jenn. I have more to say, though. I'll be here, waiting. I mean what I said!"

***

It was a Friday night and Audrey was alone. Worse still, she was bored, and maybe a little horny. She started phoning her girlfriends:

"Hello?"

"Hey, Erica. What's going on?"

"Oh, nothing. I just put the kids to bed."

"Wanna do something tonight?"

"Oh no, I can't on such short notice. I wouldn't be able to get a babysitter at this hour. Besides, I've already had a couple glasses of wine."

"Damn. Really, though? Don't you want to go see Diana with me? After how Wednesday turned out?"

"Oh, sure. But no." There was a pause. "Actually, Wednesday went pretty well..."
