 The following is, by a certain definition, a futanari/dickgirl story. It does NOT at any point feature sex with minors (individuals below the age of 18)

Chapter 13

Sunday, September 4, 1994

To say it was a somber trip back to school would have been a massive understatement.

They had had an amazing summer together. Every day they shared activities and every night they'd shared a bed, so the months together had made them extremely close. At that point Jessica knew, with every ounce of her being, that she loved Marla. She adored her as a person and admired her strength, wisdom and intelligence, almost to the point of worship.

Finally she had someone she could trust, someone she could rely on and confide in. That was exactly what she'd done for months, but those days and nights had passed by too quickly. Every high has its comedown, and Jessica was having to come down hard. As she'd promised to Marla in the spring she was going to go back to school and finish what she'd started. Tonight was the night she returned to her dormitory.

This time she would be strong. This time she wouldn't let the other girls, so jealously malicious and catty, stop her from attending and passing her classes. She had Marla as her role model, an inspirational figure of unshakeable strength, whom she would still be able to spend all of her weekends with.

Promise or not though, she wasn't really seeing the point in returning. It was a matter of months until she would turn nineteen, and it was her third shot at her eleventh grade. Sure, with all that she had gained she could easily pass the grade, but what was the point? What was the point when she saw herself spending the rest of her life with Marla, who could easily provide for her with or without that all-important high school diploma? But then, maybe Marla wasn't making those sorts of plans. She might not have figured they would be together for so long, so Jessica didn't mention it for fear of introducing tension into their relationship.

It was a quiet late night drive. There was nothing to say, nothing that Marla ought to hear. Jessica had made a promise, so she was going to have to do this. 

They pulled up to her dormitory and popped the trunk, then proceeded to unload a couple things into her room. Jessica could see a few heads peeking through lit windows at their activity. Great, now they've seen who I was with all summer.

"Alright darling. All loaded in," Marla said as they set down the last suit case in her room. "Now make sure you get a good night's rest for tomorrow."

Jessica nodded, and her gaze fell to the floor as a tear rolled down her cheek. She didn't want to be there, not after all they had experienced together. 

"Oh... don't worry baby, it'll be fine," Marla said as she stepped closer to comfort her with a hug. "And I'll be here to pick you up on Friday anyway. That's not too long from now, is it?"

Her room mate, a heavyset girl of mixed descent, was present and making no effort to hide the fact that she was watching as she sat on her own bed. Jessica blushed self consciously at the show of emotion. 

"No, it's not too long. I'll be fine..."

"Good. Call me if you need me, okay darling? Bye."

"Goodbye Marla."

When the door shut she plopped down on her bed, hanging her head sadly.

"So who was that? You have some kind of girlfriend now?" her room mate asked. 

Jessica didn't reply. Jada wasn't the worst of the girls at school, but they weren't friends in any way. 

"Huh, guess so. Does that make you some kind of dyke?"

Jessica kept ignoring her.

"Or maybe just a gold digger. I saw that car she drove, damn! You fucking her for her money?"

Jessica huffed, already fed up. "Shut up Jada," she said coolly, crossing her arms and looking away.

Her plump room mate guffawed. "Wow, well now I know what you've been doing all summer!"

Jessica barged out of her room to look for some place more private. Her third shot at eleventh grade was off to a great start.

***

Having finally willed herself to get up, Jessica rolled out of bed. She knew full well that she was going to be late for her first class. That night she was unable to sleep, having grown very used to having Marla's warm body next to her and her luxurious bedsheets sheets against her. She must have hit the snooze button four or five times.

At least she had the room to herself. Getting to her feet she stretched, then slipped out of the oversized t-shirt she used as pyjamas, tossing it onto her bed. 

Time to put on her school uniform. One foot into her knee-high grey socks, then the other. Then her bra, a big plain white one she'd bought recently that fit her comfortably. Next was her dress shirt. She slipped her arms into the short sleeves and began to button, starting at her neck. As she made her way down, something was amiss. It was getting awfully tight! With her shirt fully done up, her breasts were pressed very uncomfortably against her, and the buttons around her chest were stressing under the tension. Staring down at her bosom, she cupped those round oversized orbs in disbelief. That shirt fit her fine in May, but now it was struggling to hold on to her!

Could they have gotten bigger over the summer? She ran her hands around the curve of her breasts, and could feel that that may have indeed been the case - there was a good deal more volume to be found in those bouncy beauties than there was when she last put on that shirt. Shouldn't she, going on nineteen years, have been done growing? At that rate she was going to have to wear a shirt as big as Jada's. "Oh... this is really weird," she muttered as she wrapped her grey pleated skirt around her hips and tucked the dress shirt into it. She grabbed her heavy stack of books and made her way to the school building.

***

A feeling of dread washed over her as she entered. This place... god, I don't want to be here at all. With classes having already begun, the halls were empty, except for one group of girls who patrolled the area slowly. They were led by a short asian girl, probably no older than fifteen, who proudly bore the cardboard placard of 'hall monitor' on a string around her neck. The girls that trailed behind her were late for their own classes and had to walk with her for fifteen to twenty minutes until the teachers opened their classroom doors.

"Aha," the tiny girl barked. "Another late comer! You're coming with us."

Jessica leered at the runty little thing, almost a foot shorter than her. God, I have gotten too old for this. She sighed wearily as she joined them, swallowing her pride as she felt the ridiculousness of the situation fully set in. This is so childish. I'm so tired of this. I'm a woman now, and here I am repeating eleventh grade for the third time.

As the minutes slowly passed Jessica rather frustratedly pondered how it had never occurred to her how juvenile life at the school was. She really didn't feel like she fit in anymore, and from the way some of the girls occasionally glanced at her, they didn't think so either. Some of them were new arrivals, entering the school for their ninth grade at the young age of fourteen.

That heavy stack of books she carried had her arms tiring. With each step it seemed to gain weight as she held it up against her chest. She didn't notice the top book sliding off, her pencil case perched precariously upon it as her flagging grip started to tilt the stack... not until it came crashing to the floor. Her pencil case exploded, flinging pencils pens and erasers everywhere. 

"Ohh... dammit!"

The other girls started to giggle softly. Her cheeks flushing, she bent down to gather her things. Her arms were pressing her crammed breasts together as she reached, and at that unfortunate moment the two buttons around her bosom gave up the ghost. They shot off of her shirt, bouncing off the ground with a plastic 'ping', and the garment erupted open, revealing the large cups of her bra and her expansive creamy cleavage. 

Those giggles turned to roars of laughter at the spectacle. Jessica was mortified! She frantically scrabbled about, gathering her things as a hot wave of humiliation washed over her.

"What's all that laughing," said a familiar voice as a classroom door opened. It was Shauna, a classmate of Jessica's the previous year, now peeking curiously into the hallway from within her twelfth grade class. "Oh, it's Jessica! Jessica Hunt is back!"

Jessica growled quietly, her humiliation instantly turning to anger at the sound of that voice. Shauna was one of the worst. She had gathered her fallen book and stationary and clutched them to herself, but it was too late:

"Oh my god! And she busted her shirt! Balloon-tits busted open her shirt!"

More of Jessica's old classmates were rushing to that door to get a look. Their laughter was louder and much more venomous than that of the girls the hall monitor led.

"Haha! You dumb bitch."

"Yeah, so what?! ...Fuck you," Jessica spat with an uncharacteristic fury. "Fuck all of you stupid little whores! I hate all of you, I hate this place, and you're never going to see me again!"

Their laughter reached a crescendo as she threw down her books and barged off.

"Hahaha! Jessica Hunt! Jessica the cunt! HAHAHA."

***

Jessica dialled Marla's number into the pay phone, huddling close to it to hide her shame. 

The line rang several times before Marla picked up the phone.

"Marla Dennis speaking."

"Marla it's me." Jessica croaked. She'd been crying... bawling in fact.

"Darling! You sound... what's wrong, did something happen?"

"No, nothing happened. But I can't be here. I don't belong here. Please, please, take me away from this place."

"Sweetheart, it's only nine thirty! Well, alright then, I'll be right over."

***

When Marla arrived outside of Jessica's dorm she had already packed all of her things back up and changed out of her busted school uniform into casual clothes. Marla leaned against her Mercedes, arms crossed as she watched the beautiful girl bring out her suitcases, reddish gold hair gleaming in the mid-morning sunlight. Those locks were crowded around her face, probably hiding the puffy eyes and runny nose characteristic of almost an hour spent in tears.

It was another quiet drive. Marla's probing questions were met with shrugging shoulders and shakes of the head; Jessica didn't know what to say, having clearly failed on her promise to finish school. For that she was embarrassed in a much deeper way than the humiliation she'd felt earlier that morning.

When they arrived at Marla's apartment and brought her things back in she immediately made her way to the bedroom, stripped herself naked and crawled under the covers. Comforted by the smell of her beloved on the sheets, she shut her eyes and was soon catching up on the sleep she'd missed that restless night.

Marla let the girl have her space and busied herself with other things, but they were definitely going to have to have a talk when she woke. 

Chapter 14

When Jessica opened her eyes there was a sandwich and a glass of juice at her bedside, but even better there was Marla, kneeling on her hands and knees over her blanketed body. It was her soft kisses that woke her up.

"Mmh... what time is it," Jessica mumbled, the slight hint of a smile forming due to those sweet pecks. She'd slept off most of her bad feelings.

"It's two pm darling. I thought it would be a good time to wake you." She laid herself beside her on top of the blankets. The outfit she'd worn earlier had been replaced with something more... comfortable, to say the least. A black bra with purple highlights hoisted her full breasts wonderfully, and from its bottom edge trailed translucent purple fabric that draped over her slender elegance to end at mid thigh. She wore nothing else under that fabric, giving a tantalizing hint of what lay beneath.

"Hmm... I've been asleep long enough." Jessica turned to lie on her side, facing Marla. Her heart skipped a beat as her eyes trailed up and down her older lover's form, taking in her provocative wear.

"So. Do you think we can talk now, about what happened this morning?"

"Okay, sure..."

"Go ahead then."

Jessica reached for the glass of juice and took a sip to clear her throat. "Something very embarrassing happened to me, so I left. But Marla, it wasn't just because of what happened that I called you, it was because... Because... I realized that I just can't be there any more. Look at me. I'm a woman now. I've grown so much... I have no reason to waste my time there."

"Is that how you feel?"

"Yes. I felt it the moment I stepped into my old room. I'm older than the other girls there, it's so obvious. I look at them and I see children. The things we have to do, it's so juvenile." She took one of Marla's hands and held it to her cheek, snuggling up against her forearm. "Don't you think so...? That I'm too mature for that place now?"

"...Yes, darling. I do actually. I think we are both on the same page now, when we say that you've outgrown that life."

Jessica stared at Marla for a moment, looking into those intelligent eyes. That took very little convincing. It's like she knew it all along and was just waiting for me to realize it too. Was going back to school yesterday just a test? A lesson she wanted me to learn? Well if it was, it didn't have to be so embarrassing... so painful!

Marla lifted the bedsheets and crawled under the covers with Jessica. As she snuggled up close and affectionately held her nude body Jessica couldn't help but just feel love for Marla, despite realizing the harsh cruelty of the test she had endured.

"I guess... I could get my high school diploma somewhere else."

"You could do that, sure, if you feel it is something you still need. On the other hand, you could just stick with me, and I'll give you all the things you need to live in this world."

Jessica just stared, terribly surprised by what Marla had just said. Her eyes began to water again, though this time with burgeoning joy. "You... you will...?"

"Sure," she said, smiling warmly. "You and I are two of a kind now. I'll take care of you, and teach you to live like I do."

"Oh my god," Jessica said as she squeezed Marla tightly. "Yes! Thank you! I was hoping you wanted to... I was afraid to ask if you would... god, I love you Marla!"

They joined lips, and from the passion Jessica injected into that kiss Marla could feel just how grateful she was. "Yes darling... you can forget about your old life now. You're with me."

Jessica sighed elatedly. A huge tension had been lifted. In addition to her not having to go to that horrible school anymore, it was agreed that she and Marla would be together for a long time. She could only see good things in her future: a life belonging to this kind goddess-like being.

"So, do you think you could tell me what it was that happened this morning? I'm dying to know."

"Oh, right, okay. Well I had trouble sleeping so I was late to class. So I was walking around the hallway with the hall monitor, this annoying little girl, and it was taking forever. My arms were getting tired from holding my books, and I eventually dropped one, and my pencil case too. When I bent down to pick it all up," Jessica blushed a tiny bit, "my shirt broke..."

Marla burst into giggles, which she tried to stifle for Jessica's sake. "Really? How?"

"The buttons around my boobs came off."

Marla didn't even try to hide her laughter this time.

She pouted. "It's not funny! They were all laughing. And then my old classmates saw and they started laughing also, calling me names. I was so mad that I threw down my books and barged out." 

"I'm sorry darling... it does sound funny from my point of view, but yes, I can see that this was definitely not a pleasant experience for you."

Jessica nodded. "It was not a 'pleasant experience' at all. Marla, did my boobs get bigger?"

"Well yes, I'd say they've grown a cup or two since we met, definitely." Marla glanced down at Jessica's overgrown breasts, squished against her own smaller pair in her black and purple bra. It wasn't common to find a slender young lady who could beat her 34DD. "You didn't notice?"

Jessica shook her head.

"You also grew a little. You're probably only an inch shorter than me now."

Jessica shrugged, "I honestly had no idea... I guess I was just having so much fun with you this summer, and the time went by so fast that I didn't realize. God, why am I still growing? Shouldn't it be done?"

"Apparently not, darling, but I daresay I like the direction your body is going." She slid a hand up the contour of Jessica's side, letting the round softness of a breast slide beneath her touch. She took it in her hand, kneading it softly as she came in to kiss Jessica's lips.

That squeeze to her sensitive breast had Jessica to moaning softly into her kiss. She let her tongue out, and it brushed over Marla's briefly. Marla responded by sliding that hand down to cup Jessica's behind and pull her close... close enough to feel her attraction.

"I've never seen this outfit before," Jessica said. She trailed a hand along Marla's hip, her touch sensual as the heat between them increased. The translucent purple material pleased her fingertips, as did the fit curves of her lover.

Marla responded by whipping off the blanket, revealing herself in her provocative dress and Jessica in her nudity. She got to her feet and began to walk around the bedroom, giving Jessica a sexy little show. "Do you like it?" The fabrics draped down to her mid-thigh and would normally have left certain features of herself obscured to mere silhouettes, but lying so intimately in bed with the beautiful girl had left her swaying low, semi-erect and in plain view.

"Mmmm... I really do. In fact, could you wear that for the rest of the day?" Jessica asked with a little grin. Without the blanket she was a little cold, her nipples hardening to suckable pink points as she crossed her arms against herself for warmth.

"Sure, I could do that." Marla was getting back onto the bed, crawling toward Jessica until she lay over her. They joined lips again, kissing each other slow and deep, tongues gently meeting with a building passion. 

Jessica reached down and grabbed ahold of her heavy semi-erection, lying it against her stomach as she gently stroked it. Marla sighed softly in response to that pleasant touch as she tilted her head, plunging her tongue deeper into the mouth of her lover as she began to harden and gain more length.

The feeling of Marla coming to life against her had Jessica flushing with desire. Marla dipped a hand low to feel at her sex, which she found was already moist. Still passionately tonguing, she began to tease Jessica's clit, her sweet juices lubricating the movement. Jessica moaned into Marla's mouth, involuntarily rocking her hips as she continued to stroke what had become Marla's full hardness.

When they finally parted lips Marla backed up, her hard length swaying from side to side as it lifted her gown away from her legs, until she could lower her face to Jessica's horny little slit. She gently spread her lovely legs and began to flick her tongue, eliciting a giggly sigh from the busty girl. "Mmm... you are a gorgeous, naughty little treasure," Marla said as she slid two fingers in.

"Mhmm," Jessica sighed as she shut her eyes and pressed her cheek to the pillow. She was happy, overjoyed in fact, at the developments in their relationship that afternoon, and the prospects of pleasure to come were making things even better. She suddenly snapped to attention though, when she felt something hot and hard pressed against her sex.

"Wha... Marla...?" She looked down to see that Marla was now kneeling before her spread legs, throbbing length in hand. The tip of her cock was parting her wet lips. "Oh my god... are you going to? ...It'll never fit!"
