 Chapter 17

Friday, December 30, 1994

"You know, some people are nervous during their first flight," Marla said. She was boredly leafing through the airline's complimentary magazine. "I knew you wouldn't be that type though. Never hesitating to try something new, if it's worth it, that's my baby girl..."

"Sorry, what did you say?" Jessica was spellbound, with her face practically glued to the window as their snow-covered urban home disappeared beneath the clouds.

Marla chuckled, "oh, nothing darling... Stewardess? May I have a refill please?"

The uniformed brunette smiled at her with a formal sweetness. "Of course." She cracked the seal on a tiny bottle of cognac and poured it over the ice cubes in Marla's plastic tumbler. You didn't have to wait for service in first class.

"Thank you." She turned back to Jessica, and was pleased to see that she now had her attention. "Beautiful, isn't it?"

"Oh my god, yes. Just as much as I envisioned it to be."

Marla smiled warmly and gave her hand a loving squeeze. "Well then that window seat didn't go to waste. I myself have quite the lovely view also..." She pulled that dainty hand up to her mouth and kissed it, as a prince would a princess.

Smiling sweetly, Jessica came close as if to place another kiss on Marla's lips, though instead she playfully flicked her tongue over them and giggled. Marla wrinkled her nose at her, smirking at her open flirtation.

They were going to have an exotic week together in Barbados, packed with all the pleasures they could hope for. No expenses were spared as Marla had booked a private villa on a secluded beach, where they would have the freedom to do whatever they wanted whenever they wanted. Jessica was born on the second of January, so it was a combination birthday present and New Year's getaway. 

***

As if the flight weren't beautiful enough, Jessica's fantasies of a perfect tropical paradise became reality once she beheld the idyllic scene. Save for the occasional palm tree they had miles of uninterrupted golden beach to themselves. The ocean was richly sapphire blue and the sound of its waves crashing were a relaxing constant.

They had brought a lot of suitcases, though the bulk of the weight was in bottles of rum and wine Marla had picked up at the airport. They had their fair share of clothing with them but none of those scanty items, save for the ones they wore on the way to and during their flight, took up much space at all. A rental car could take them into town for anything else they needed.

Jessica was strapping on her familiar bikini, pink with black polka dots. This time she wasn't surprised when she found that while it was a little too small during the summer, by midwinter the cups of that top were offering little coverage at all to the expanding swells of her bosom. 

Marla was similarly dressed in a brand new bikini which Jessica had ordered in the mail. It suited her very well, in fact she had no idea where she could have found such a marvellous swimsuit. The green top was elegantly attached by stretchy laces while below it was more like hot pants than a bikini bottom. The tiny shorts hugged her rear while the front was more of those stretchy laces, which were able to adapt to her unique endowments. It was a good thing they were so accommodating, because by the way the slightest movement had Jessica jiggling in her tiny top, she was almost always in some state of arousal.

Their beach towels were right where they'd left them the previous night, undisturbed by the gentle breeze and their seclusion. Jessica laid herself down, ready to soak up some rays while Marla continued to make her way down to the water.

Jessica was loving the sun. For all of her life her fair skin would burn at he slightest hint of sunlight, but lately that wasn't the case. Days under the tropical sun had tinted her ever-so-slightly darker, a very healthy shade that looked radiantly beautiful. Factoring in how quickly that cut to her finger around Halloween had healed, it was as if her skin had become resilient to damage.

It must have been something Marla was feeding her. She wasn't tanning at all.

Without a worry in the world Jessica's eyes slowly shut and she drifted off into a lazy afternoon nap.

Chapter 18

"Jessica, wake up. I want to show you something."

Marla was looming over her, dripping with ocean water.

"Mm...? What is it?"

"Just come with me."

Jessica drowsily washed the taste of sleep out of her mouth with a sip from her fruit punch and got to her feet. Marla started to lead her into the warm water. 

As they waded deeper something Jessica hadn't expected came into view. By the time the water was up to their necks a distant storm cell was visible, previously obscured by a verdant grove of palm trees. The clouds were thick and dark, promising a hefty downpour.

"Oh wow. I haven't seen a cloud in days," Jessica said.

"Yeah. This is definitely out of the ordinary. It's getting closer, too."

"Should we go inside...?"

"Nah, I don't see why. Only if there's lightning."

"Okay." Jessica wrapped her arms around Marla's hips and stepped close. Marla did the same, and they silently watched the clouds approach. Those vacation days together were often punctuated by such moments of tranquil silence in each others loving embrace, for it felt like they were in a far off land of their own where words weren't always needed. 

Marla pulled her gaze away from that oncoming storm, turning it upon her young lover's beautiful visage. Jessica saw those violet eyes fixed on her own, and responded by getting closer... Their lips joined and they slowly kissed. Alone by that perfect beach, it was like they had all the time in the world for their gradual expressions of dreamy affection.

A distant peel of thunder rumbled, and they turned to see that the clouds had gotten closer. They looked even meaner than before. A bolt struck the water, followed a moment after by another rumble.

"We'd better get back to land," Marla said.

By the time they waded out of the water onto the beach the rain had begun, and it was coming down hard. The air rang with the sound of warm fat raindrops pelting the sand. 

"Can we stay out here? I kind of like it," Jessica yelled over the torrent.

"Sure, but let's take cover where we're less of a target for lightning."

Holding hands they quickly made their way to an area dotted with rocks and palm trees. With the urgency of their pace Marla couldn't help but eye the lewd bounce in Jessica's top, springy straps tossing those lush jugs up down and side to side with each step. Feeling a stirring in her bikini bottom, she knew she was going to take her again beneath one of those palms. 

They stopped below a tree and without waiting another moment joined lips, passionately kissing as they trailed their hands up and down the statuesque curves of each others bodies. The contents of Marla's bikini bottom had already grown heavy as she pressed Jessica against the trunk of that tree, grinding her waist against her as she handled the soft flesh on the sides of her tits. Jessica murmured softly, a sound lost to the sound of the rain battering down as she felt Marla's length burst out from between those laces and begin to rise.

With her arms already wrapped tightly around her it was easy enough to undo the green laces of Marla's top, and it remained pinned to her only by the pressure of their breasts pressed so tightly together in their embrace. Marla tilted her head, plunging her tongue deeper into Jessica's mouth as her lengthening cock began to invade the space between their bosoms. She continued to grind, her movements having a much more profound effect on Jessica now that so much hardness was so tightly pressed between them.

Jessica broke that kiss and with a naughty smirk pushed Marla back. That freed her bikini top and it fell down, only to land on her long tense rod, which stiffly stood out and slightly up through the split in the laces. With a hungry lick of her lips Jessica got to her knees before her and grabbed the discarded bikini top, pulling to bring Marla's length down to mouth level. 

Marla smiled, amused at the new use for her bathing wear as Jessica trailed her warm tongue up and down her shaft. She had her eyes shut against the rainfall, which warmly pattered against her beautiful face and the taut skin of Marla's enormous endowment.

Jessica leaned back slightly, putting the end of her cock within range of her lips, which parted to please the tense flesh with immediate passes of her tongue. She smiled, opening her eyes a crack to gaze up at her goddess.

Ceasing those gentle passes of her tongue, she spoke some words to Marla, though they were obscured by the din of the downpour. She then rose off of her knees and made her way to another palm tree some thirty meters away which was slanted hard, perhaps due to a previous storm. Standing beside it she slipped out of her pink bikini bottom, then laid against the trunk, and as she stared at Marla with a naughty smirk she began to toy with her little clit... readying herself.

Marla took in that sight, biting down on her bottom lip with a lusty hunger as her need for Jessica grew. At a very measured pace she made her way over to her, letting her watch that rod sway and bob with each step heavily, dauntingly. The bikini top fell forgotten to the sand as she approached.

As Marla drew near Jessica inched a bit higher up that leaning tree trunk, optimizing her level, and once the distance between them was closed the tip of that cock was nestled against her sex. Marla plunged inch after inch of lengthy shaft deep inside of her, and her hands were quick to settle over the undersized cups of her bikini top.

The rain had washed away any natural lubrication on Marla and the only thing that eased that tight entry was the moisture of Jessica's arousal. She cried out at the sensation of her huge lover's sudden entry. Marla responded by tenderly kissing her, letting her recover as she only gently began to rock her hips while kneading her grand breasts.

Helplessly pinned to the tree, Jessica wrapped her legs around Marla and offered some tongue into that kiss. She moaned softly as her body accepted her, allowing more of her in as her feelings heightened into the wonderful pleasures only Marla's unbelievable endowments could induce. As she felt Jessica open up to her Marla began to thrust harder, soon assuming the steady pace of lovemaking.

The feel of Marla penetrating her so deeply threw Jessica's head back against the tree. She felt so huge, so hard. Though they'd done it hundreds of times and a dozen times on that beach it never stopped feeling amazing, overwhelming and so deliciously over the top the way she could hit every spot at once. 

Marla leaned back a bit to behold the sight of her rain soaked lover as she writhed in ecstacy, shifting her hold down to her hips. She pulled herself out slightly and began to slowly nudge the tip of her cock against that special spot that made her squirm. Jessica moaned and licked her lips as she trembled at the sensation, running her hands up and down the tree trunk above her. With a throb Marla jet a burst of precum into her, then slid herself back in as far as she could take her.

Aided by that added lubrication Marla started to pump in and out Jessica with a renewed vigour. The ecstatic girl's legs tightened around her as she writhed, overwhelmed once more. 

As she felt a climactic sensation building within her Marla became dissatisfied with that position and retreated from her grip, grabbing a leg and laying it across her body and over her shoulder. In that stable stance she could pull herself out until just the tip lay buried, only to spear into Jessica's deepest regions over and over and over. Jessica's voluminous tits bounced within that bikini top with each powerful thrust, flinging themselves free of its hold.

That slanted tree was at the perfect angle for her to repeatedly spear into her, and within moments, despite the pouring rain and occasional cracks of thunder Marla could finally hear her lover's voice as she cried out for more. Marla gave her just that, and soon Jessica was lost in the throes of an intense orgasm.

Marla was almost there herself, and with a couple last tense movements her seed erupted out. Winded, she fell on top of the girl, crying out in ecstasy as each fitful twitch of her hips blasted her insides with a hot surge of cum. It gushed out of Jessica with each pulse, gradually coating the lower bark of the tree they lay against.

Utterly shattered, they lay there in each others arms gently kissing until the rain stopped.

Chapter 19

The storm left as suddenly as it had come, revealing the sun to bake the rain water off of the sand. It was soon to set though, and as day turned to night they lay on their beach towels and beheld the tropical scene. They had opened a bottle of wine and were sharing a plate of light finger foods: sliced fruits, crackers, pieces of cheese. 

"That was a pretty amazing storm, hm?" Marla said.

"Oh yeah, totally. In fact this entire trip was amazing," Jessica said, before she opened her mouth to accept an offered grape.

"I'm glad you're enjoying it. A change of scenery is nice, isn't it?"

"Yeah, and this is some amazing scenery." Jessica swept her wineglass across their surroundings, then took a sip. "Some other amazing things have been happening, too..."

"You mean the sex?" Marla said with a smirk.

Jessica giggled, "yes, the sex is amazing. But I mean other things. Like, look at me... I've never developed a tan in my life. I've always sunburned. But then... see?" She held her forearm up. She was still a fair skinned girl but she had definitely darkened a little... and without a hint of a burn.

"Fantastic, isn't it?"

"Yes. And I don't think I've had a cut or bruise lately that lasted more than two days. That really is fantastic."

Marla nodded, though this time she was giving Jessica her full attention... watching, waiting for her to ask the important questions.

"And we can add to that how I've been growing. I think it's related. I was pretty sure I was done when we met, but then... look at me!" She arched her back and hoisted her breasts toward Marla with a giggle. They had grown significantly since May, though they remained as round and pert as ever.

"And you're a tiny bit taller, too. You really are developing into quite the lusty little goddess."

"Yes, that's what I'm getting at. I think... that I've been changing. Into what you are."

"You were one of the most beautiful young ladies I'd ever seen, when we met. But now your beauty has almost doubled. It increases every day, and as time passes it becomes harder and harder to resist my temptations." Marla's words were flattering but they didn't say anything to confirm or deny Jessica's statement.

"Okay, but is it true? Am I changing because of you? Becoming like you?"

Marla smiled mysteriously and sipped the last of her glass. After a thoughtful pause she replied, "we once had a conversation similar to this. An instructive one, all about what I am and where I came from."

Jessica nodded, listening closely now that Marla was ready to spill the beans.

"And I told you that... Hmm, how did I explain it? That my people, though intellectually very advanced, are driven mainly by their instincts to procreate?"

"Yes," Jessica said. "Because the process takes so long."

Marla nodded. "It takes so long because when we find a partner, a mate, we have to convert them to our own species before there can ever be a child."

"Uh huh... and that's what has been happening to me all this time, isn't it."

Again Marla nodded. She was watchful, careful in case Jessica might not like what she was hearing. Chances were that there was no risk of upsetting her, though, when the girl was so madly in love with her. She would probably accept anything, as long as they could be together.

"How has it been happening?"

"I don't know the science, or perhaps even the magic behind it. But every time you swallow my seed, or take it in, or even if it is touching you... that fuels the changes."

Jessica slowly nodded as she began to understand. That must explain why I love her cum so much. Whenever we make love, I want to drink it down, or to have her finish inside of me. When we were first together, the taste of her drove me nuts - it was over after that! My body craves it, it wants to transform.

"What are the changes?"

With a loving smile Marla stroked a hand down Jessica's side. "You mean, other than turning beauty into utter perfection? Well darling... let's see: You're becoming less vulnerable to damages... from the sun, from injuries. That's one thing. You've developed sexually, as if experiencing a second puberty... that's another, and those are the things we have observed together. What you don't yet realize is that you're also getting stronger. I suppose that's my fault, for providing you these days with such luxury that you barely have to lift a finger. If you were to test it, you would find you are physically much more powerful than you were when you were a normal girl."

"Really?" Jessica said. She started to glance around, looking for something heavy to lift. 

Marla had a little laugh at that, "haha, please, we can play X-Men later darling. There is still more to explain."

"Okay. Like what?"

"Like what will happen should the process be completed."

Jessica nodded her head soberly. Her mood was darkening at the prospect of having Marla's baby -- unthinkable! "...Then we would probably become parents."

"Yes, that is correct, but-"

"Marla... I'm not ready for that! I'm only nineteen years old. My whole life is ahead of me."

Marla soothingly stroked Jessica's cheek. "Darling, please, let me explain. There is still so much more to be said. Yes, your whole life is ahead of you. But my gift to you, is... eternity itself."

It took a moment to register exactly what Marla meant, then as realization dawned on Jessica her eyes widened. Marla is almost a thousand years old. If I become like her, I will also live forever. I'll never grow old. We will be... goddesses!

"...Furthermore you will become easily twice as intelligent as you are now," Marla added rather matter-of-factly. "Smarter than any human... sharper."

Jessica shook her head, overwhelmed by the sheer magnitude of the implications of what she, out of all the women of the world, had been chosen for.

"Twice as intelligent... plus those instincts?"

"Sure, yes, you will have your own new set of biological imperatives. A new sense of priority."

Jessica was afraid to ask what those priorities would be. Something sexual or maternal, surely. Probably both. It was all so strange, yet the only thing she could do was chuckle sardonically. "Okay... so you flew me to a beautiful tropical paradise, to offer me immortality... with the price of motherhood."

Marla looked a little hurt by what she was implying. "I... please, darling. You are the one who wanted to ask questions! I didn't bring you here to issue an ultimatum."

Jessica nodded slowly, looking down at their plate of fruit thoughtfully. Sure... but you probably knew I was about to ask. When she looked back up she saw that Marla was looking at her with a smile that plead for her trust. Gazing into those violet eyes, she could see that she truly loved her and only meant the best for her, and also that she deeply wanted them to finish their journey together.

"So now that you know everything, I suppose you have a decision to make. Do you choose to return to a normal life, like the other humans? All that you have gained will fade, and you will grow old. Or, do you choose to remain with me?"
