 You thought the story had died but it was just my lazy ass refusing to continue. Also I was busy with my girlfriend so I couldn't really focus. Yes, I have a girlfriend now. Well "she" prefers to be called a girl even if she isn't. Without her I would finish this story much faster, but... she gave me some interesting ideas which were too good to ignore.

***********************

Four weeks have passed since Anna and Sony decided on their competitive abstinence for domination over the other. Things have been peaceful between Sony and Jerome as well. Sony is more polite and keeps his calm whenever Jerome is nearby. Jerome no longer gives him death stares or threatens him. Jenny and Anna have become the best of friends together with Daisy and are always seen chatting and laughing in the "girls only" room. Jenny and Sony's friendship also went back the way it was...

"SONY!! My feet are killing me. Come and rub them for me!"

...with a slight change.

"I'm coming Miss Jenny."

After Sony said that he would do anything to repair their friendship, Jenny didn't waste her time and put him to work... on herself. At first it was small things - bringing snacks and drinks, mopping the floor after ♥Jenny♥Jerome♥ time, waking her up with handmade breakfast... But it slowly changed to more daring and humiliating tasks.

"And after you're done with my pretty little feet, I want a full body massage. As usual I mean taking more time to rub my ass cheeks. You should be used to it by now."

Jerome and Anna were very approving of how things turned out. But something about them changed. They were no longer wishing they could leave the island. Instead they agreed together with Daisy that their whereabouts should remain a mystery. The entire structure under the island was remodeled and Daisy installed self-controlled machines that would cloak all evidence that the island was inhabited. No human tech would ever detect them or the giant alien spacecraft buried in the island. Jenny and Sony didn't know about that but it didn't seem like they care. They were happy just being together.

Sony's abstinence trip was something he never thought he would perform in his life. He was actually good at it and for a long time it seemed like he would win the bet, if Anna was playing fair of course. But lately he was getting more frustrated over little things and it was all because of Jenny. Never in a million years would he suspect that the mastermind behind his hard time was actually Anna. 

After witnessing his stubbornness, Anna couldn't wait any more and decided to put Sony through hell. While Jenny was dumping more chores on him, Anna advised her that it would be much more practical if Jenny also requests more sexual favors. At first she refused but Anna insisted and reassured her that Jenny is still in control and that Sony promised to do anything he's been asked to do. As time went by, Jenny slowly started to test the will of Sony by asking for more bizarre favors.

One day Anna whispered something in Jenny's ear and she blushed bright red. Jerome was feeling a bit horny so he called for his girlfriend to join him for the usual sexy time.

"I'll be right there, baby." Said Jenny and motioned for Sony to follow her. "This time you will get to see how a real man loves his woman."

Sony followed her while frowning. He didn't want to see this, but on the bright side he could learn some tricks to satisfy Anna when the time comes.

"What the..." Jerome mumbled when Jenny and Sony entered his room.

"Calm down. I asked him here."

"Ah... umm. Just... curious. Uhh. Why?"

"To watch us do it." Jenny smiled.

"Again. Why?"

"Because. I thought it might be a little bit sexy to do it when someone is watching us."

"Daisy is not enough?"

"Well, she's busy with... something. I don't know. She explained it to me but I didn't understand. Anyway... Sony will take her place."

"Oh... my... God! Sony I'm not totally cool with you being here but I trust my girl so... be careful."

"I'll just stand in the corner if you don't mind." Sony stepped back.

"No, I have a better idea." Jenny said and pushed Jerome on the bed. "Get comfortable baby! I'm about to rock your fucking world."

Jenny climbed on the bed on all fours and buried her face in Jerome's crotch. The temperature in the whole place was warm enough so they didn't bother to wear any clothes as they were fucking all the time anyway. Jenny took a big whiff of his sweaty balls and exhaled while rolling her eyes back.

"Smells good. How about the taste?" She said while licking his shaved manhood up and down along the shaft.

Sony was staring from the corner while breathing heavily. He didn't want to get an erection right now. His chastity cage was small, way too small and any erection would hurt like hell. Jenny turned her head sideways and looked at Sony.

"My ass requires your attention slave boy."

"What do I have to do?" Sony stepped slowly behind her.

"Do you even need to ask? Use your tongue to lube and stretch my asshole!"

"No. I don't want to." Sony shut his eyes and turned away.

"Ok, you won't. I don't feel like sucking cock today anyway. But since Jerome's cock needs to be lubed up to go inside me, you can do it instead of me. Come up here and deepthroat this monster!'' She said while patting the bed. "Come on don't be shy."

"Is there a third option?" Sony asked nervously. Jerome was smiling so wide that he was about to burst in laughter.

"What do you mean third option? There isn't any option. Even if you want to eat my ass, you can't any more. Get up here and suck his dick."

"Ok, I'm sorry Miss Jenny. I promise to not question you again. Let me eat your ass. Please!" Sony was about to cry when Jerome interrupted him.

"Let him eat your ass sweety. I have some things I want to try anyway." He said and got up.

Jenny laid down and opened her legs. Sony crawled next to her and shoved his face in her ass.

"That's a good boy. You can make Anna a very lucky lady. If only you would obey instead."

Jerome took some items from the other side of the room and sat behind Sony.

"You need to be punished for refusing Jenny's sweet ass. That's a crime in this room. Hell, if I was offered to eat that tasty dish I wouldn't even think about it. Now hold still."

Sony heard Jerome but he was too focused on his task to do anything. Jerome slid his shorts down and slapped his ass. Sony clenched and shuddered.

"It's a boy! Or a girl? Nah look at its tiny peepee. Must be a sissy. Are you a sissy Sony?"

Sony was a little shocked. He didn't know whether to answer or continue eating out Jenny. Jerome's hand slapped his ass again.

"Answer me!"

"N-no." Sony blurted out.

"No?" Jerome slapped him again.

"Hey, who told you to stop licking? Get back to work slave!" Jenny raised her voice.

"Y-yes, Miss Jenny."

"Well if you're not a sissy then you don't need a punishment. Oh wait. What is this? You wear a cock cage? Tsk tsk tsk. What kind of person would wear a cock cage and consider himself a man? For lying to me I'm going to double your punishment little sissy." Jerome exclaimed and slapped his ass 3 times in a row.

"People these days... Am I right honey?"

"Mhm." Jerome inserted a small tube in Sony's ass and turned a valve that let a liquid to flow in.

Sony was surprised but he didn't mind it at first. But it soon started to fill him up and began to hurt a little.

"How are you holding sissy? We're almost halfway done." Jerome asked and slapped the reddened ass again.

Sony just kept licking and tried to ignore the problem. Jerome noticed that and continued.

"Well if you are fine you won't mind if I add a little more now won't you?"

Jerome turned the valve to its maximum and the liquid flowed faster. It wasn't long until the container was empty and Sony was squirming in pain on the bed.

"Well, you took it like a champ. You might be a man after all. But considering what awaits you... I wouldn't think that just yet." Jerome removed the tube and immediately plugged the hole with a very large buttplug.

"Is it ready?" Jenny asked.

"Sure is honey. Sony you're done for now. Go stand in the corner."

"Stand? That's no fun. Let's tie him up."

"I don't care either way. Have fun with him."

Jerome climbed on the bed while Jenny went to Sony. She looked around and took some items while Sony wasn't looking.

"These will be for you, buddy. I'm rooting for you, but, well..."

Jenny cuffed Sony's arms to the ceiling and his feet to the floor.

"...I really wish Anna would win this one."

She took something that looked like a strap-on and pushed it in Sony's mouth gagging him. When the whole thing was in, she locked it behind his head and left him there.

"Now that that's out of the way... My pussy is aching to be drilled."

"Today if I recall is doggystyle day."

"Woof woof. This bitch needs it bad."

"If we're roleplaying maybe appropriate attire is needed."

"Ohh yessss..."

"I saw something that would really spice things up."

Jenny was lying on the bed fingering her ass while Jerome was taking a black leather suit out. He motioned for Jenny to approach him and stay in place while he was dressing her up. The suit was tricky and it took around 10 minutes to put on. When it was done, Jenny looked like a real dog. While the suit was indeed leather, it was all furry on the outside. Now on all fours, Jenny's arms and legs were bent with straps going towards her back. This prevented her from moving much but she was able to walk around on her elbows and knees. Her head was completely sealed with a dog face mask that had a ball gag on the inside that prevented her from closing her mouth while also making her look very cute especially with the dog ears she was wearing. There was a hole on her ass that was intended for a tail plug but Jerome thought this wasn't necessary as he would be plugging it with his own cock soon. Jenny wiggled her ass for a moment and headed towards the toy section of the room. With her mouth shut she tried to tell Jerome about the remote sitting in front of her face. Jerome noticed that and picked it up.

"What's this?" He asked and pushed one of the buttons.

The penis gag in Sony's mouth started to rotate and vibrate at the same time. This shocked Sony and he began squirming in his cuffs. Jerome noticed him and pushed the same button again. The penis gag stopped and Sony calmed down. Jerome had an evil smile when he found out what he had in his hands and proceeded to play with his new toy.

"Hmm. I wonder what THIS do." He pushed another button and the butt plug started to vibrate.

Sony was caught off-guard again and began twisting in his cuffs.

"Oh I see. But what happens when I turn it up all the way? And I think the gag was enjoyable for you as well."

Now cuffed and with no way to escape Sony was intensely "dancing" while the gag and plug were working him from both ends. To make things worse the liquid in his guts was slushing inside making him squeal.

"I think this is even better punishment than what I was going to do to you. It's your turn next, bitch." He said to Jenny and turned her to face Sony.

He moved around her and shoved the head of his dong inside her wet pussy. She tensed and let out a soft moan which in turn made Sony's dick twitch in its cage. Jerome began to insert his meat inside Jenny's hole slowly until half of it was in. From past experience he knew she couldn't take any more than this and started to move in and out. Jenny was shaking and moaning while looking at Sony who in turn was looking at her and grunting at the pleasure and pain he was experiencing.

"Look honey, he seems to be enjoying the view. Should we let him have it? Or should we mess with him some more?" He looked down and slapped her ass. "Let's make this an actual threesome."

He picked Jenny up while his dick was still inside her and stood up moving closer to Sony.

"It must be killing you to not be able to fuck this cute ass huh Sony? But don't worry you'll have your reward. Just ask for it."

Sony was really hard but the cage was hurting him. He was so stimulated but he couldn't cum no matter how intense the pleasure was. He knew this was a battle he was going to lose eventually.

"Tell you what. Shake your head up and down if you want me to remove your cage and I'll let Jenny to give you a nice sloppy blowjob. How's that?"

Jerome put his hand on Jenny's face and turned a ring which released her mouth. Sony was very conflicted. He didn't want to lose his rights and become a sex slave to Anna. But Jenny's lips were so inviting. He was going to go nuts when Jenny spoke softly to him.

"I promise not to tell Anna about all this and I will put your cage back when we're done. What do you say?"

His little dick was straining against the diamond prison wanting to get out. He gave up. He folded. He shook his head. Jerome was smiling. He looked towards the door.

"Told ya I can break him."

Sony turned his head and was shocked to see Anna leaning on the door frame.

"Yeah you did. Looks like I lost that bet. But I won an ever bigger one."

Anna slowly approached Sony and took his caged cock in her hand and began unlocking it.

"Congratulations sissy! You get to cum now. But you know what that means. Since you decided you want out, I win. You're mine now. I can do whatever I want with you. And right now I want to give you a handjob. The last you'll ever get."

She removed the chastity belt and took his raging boner with her index finger and thumb. She dropped on her knees and moved behind him taking the vibrating plug and shoving it deeper inside him positioning it right on his prostate. This sent him over the edge and he quickly spurted his cum all over the floor.

"It's done. You're my sex slave now. Are you happy? You will be once the training starts."

Anna let go of his shrinking cock and removed the rotating gag in his mouth, letting him get some air. Then she unplugged his ass and he pushed all of the liquid he had right there on the floor splashing everyone.

"Messy, messy, messy. It couldn't have been avoided." Anna shook her head and grabbed Sony by the neck. "You're coming with me, baby."

Jerome and Jenny stared at Anna who was dragging Sony out of the room.

"Should we go see what she'll do to him?" Jerome asked.

"You pull that dick out of my ass and I'm never speaking to you again." Jenny yelled.

"R-right. Sorry."

Back in the main room Anna dragged Sony to a table and pushed him on it.

"I bet you didn't see that coming, huh? But here's the icing on the cake..."

Anna began to undress herself. Her big D-cup tits spilled out of her shirt and Sony opened his mouth.

"Keep that mouth open, baby. You'll love what I have for you next."

"I can't wait for what will happen next. But I probably shouldn't have revealed I'm spying on you. Anna, the items you wanted are ready." Daisy intruded and then shut off.

"Ah, thank you, Daisy. Now we're all set. Sony be a dear and get one of the packets on the table." Anna instructed.

Sony walked around and took a packet. It looked like a condom but bigger, like it was made for a horse. He turned to face Anna and he almost dropped it when he saw her. She was standing naked in front of him. But it wasn't the fact that she was naked weird. She had a giant erect cock where her pussy should have been. Sony was speechless.

"Hurry up now, put it on me. Unless you want me to go raw. But I don't think you do."

Sony was frozen in place. He couldn't move at all. He was still trying to wrap his head around what was going on in front of him. Anna walked towards him and took the condom from his hands.

"What's the matter with you? You don't know how to use it? Not surprising. I guess they don't make condoms for little boy clits like yours. After today you're gonna learn how to put condoms. Not on yourself, but on me, so pay attention."

Anna unwrapped the condom and slowly put it on her dick on full display in front of Sony. It was amazing; immeasurable some might say. Her cock was 23cm long and 6cm thick. She was especially enjoying the horrified look on Sony's face.

"Perhaps an explanation is in order, baby. You see, I'm not really a woman as you thought I am. I'm not a man either. Though there has been much debate recently, few can deny the existence of at least two new genders: the sissy and the futa. The difference between the two is obvious and yet difficult to define. For example, the futa's cock is long and fat and gives off a strong musky aroma. While the sissy's dicklette is more akin to a clitoris. Tiny, smooth, pink and generally unable to become erect. However the most obvious differences are in their behavior. The futa is extremely sexually aggressive. And despite the unusual volume of their ejaculations, they have a seemingly endless sexual appetite. In fact, several studies have demonstrated the ability to experience several full orgasms with almost no refractory period. By comparison, the sissy is very timid. They are easily embarrassed, and self-conscious due to their diminutive frame. They typically have a powerful libido but try to ignore their overwhelming sexual urges due to shame. The sissy's body is very pliant and sensitive, seemingly meant for sex with larger futas. However this high sensitivity means that sissies typically find sex with a futa to be an overwhelming mix of pain and pleasure."

"I... uhh... I'm not a sissy." Sony mumbled.

Anna took another item and presented it to Sony.

"Here is my wedding gift to you sissy. I hope you wear it with pride."

Sony took the small box and opened it. He took a few moments to inspect the device in his hands, not knowing what he was holding. His eyes widened when the sudden realization hit him.

"This... this is a chastity cage?"

"Your LAST chastity cage, my dear. You like it?"

"It's so small..."

"It's not the size that matters, it's how you use it."

Anna grabbed the miniature cage from his hands and gently pressed it against his clit. It was so tiny that even his flaccid cocklette which measured about 3cm was too big to fit.

"You're bigger than I expected, but no matter. You won't be using it ever again so just relax. I will teach you the ways of the cock. Soon you will forget what it was like to have an orgasm with your clitty."

As she finished she finally put the micro cage in and left it there. Sony looked down in embarrassment. It was looking so unbelievably small that no one would think there was a cock in the first place.

"Turn around and bend over, slut. Do exactly what I tell you and you just might survive this without too much bruises."

Sony gulped and did as instructed. He reached behind and spread his butt cheeks. Anna giggled.

"Ah, I see you know what happens next. Very good, very good. Now take a deep breath... and relax your ass."

Anna lined up her cock next to the pink slimy hole and pushed it in. Sony was prepared for this. It wasn't his first buttfucking of the day and as his luck would go it surely wouldn't be his last. Anna bit her lip and grabbed Sony's hips plunging him on her hard rod. His eyes were watering but he was fighting the urge to cry.

"I am close, honey. Sorry for being a quickshot, but that's what four weeks of saving will do to me. But you know what they say. The longer you wait, the bigger the reward... or something along those lines."

Anna began thrusting faster and in just a few seconds she released her spunk inside the poor sissy's abused ass, filling the condom and expanding his belly. She kept herself like that for a minute while waiting for her erection to go away. When it was soft enough, she carefully slipped her cock out of the condom while grabbing it and tying it tight. Then she pushed it inside Sony's ass and slapped his ass for a job well done.
