 Chapter 4 - Snatch and Grab

The sun had set and the starlight twinkled over the waters between the Proteus and the northern shores of Colombia. Two high speed zodiac rubber boats make their way towards the shore. Penny held on tightly as she could while Beau also held her securely. Mister O steered the boat as coxswain while Groove leaned forward in the front end of the boat with his M4 carbine assault rifle facing forward. Ahead of them, Doc Holiday steered the lead boat while both Hawk and CJ leaned on the edges of the boat in a prone position while Big Papi covered the front.

Penny was no doubt nervous about the current situation she was in. Being in a small boat with a vampire and a squad of commandos from the Illuminati was not part of her job expectations at the university. Her heart skip a beat each time she felt the boat jump a wave, but at the same time she didn't know if perhaps she was scared to death or maybe excited of the adventure she had embarked on.

++++++++++

Two Days Earlier

Penny, Beau, as well as Mister O had had present with the strike team and other Illuminati personnel onboard the Proteus and were briefing in the C2I2 Room (Combat and Communication, Information and Intelligence). The room itself was dark with a blue light that gave a dim illumination within the room. It was set up like a classroom full of desks facing a large telecommunications screen. Within the screen it was split between a large overview of Colombia and to the side were split into smaller screens. Among the smaller screens, one was of Gretchen on video conference and the other another woman with light blonde hair.

"The following is a real time bird's eye view of Colombia," Gretchen explained. "Looking through the eye in the sky, your target is in this derelict hospital staffed by volunteer medical aide from peace corps. Your target's name is Robert Branford. Unfortunately, this hospital is off the grid which means no security cameras to hack into."

"So, you mean we have no eyes inside the hospital?" Big Papi asked.

"That is correct," Gretchen responded, "However, we were able to retrieve old news articles regarding Robert Branford as well as old video footage."

As Gretchen explained about Robert Branford, the screen showing Colombia switched to flashes of Colombian police records as well as news media showing pictures of Robert Branford. He had long wavey brown hair with long sideburns and a thick mustache. His hair was unkept in the photos and had a very messy appearance.

"We were able to procure this video recording from the Colombian police department that was involved with the capture of Robert Branford," Gretchen explained.

The big screen changed from the police records and news articles to an old video footage of what appeared to be an occult like orgy. The footage itself was old and looked as though it was recorded through VHS. In the center of the room, a strange glyph was drawn on the floor almost of a pentagram with other unique markings. On four of the five points of the star in the pentagram a woman would kneel in service facing the middle. 

The audio was distorted and in poor condition, but the video was still manageable to understand the situation. The video focused in on an altar where a man in a hooded robe stood. Naked women undressed him and knelt before him as though they were willing servants of a harem. As his robe was removed, the face revealed the man to be Robert Branford. 

As he stood nude, one of his harem slaves placed a goat's head over his head and then they began to descend from the altar where he walked past many spectators in masks with naked bodies engaged in the hedonistic orgy. The women were bent over on their knees and positioned to face in the direction he walked, as they continued to be sexually penetrated by their partners from behind they all still made an effort to kiss the feet of Robert Branford as he walked slowly in front of them. Then as he continued to make his way down to the pentagram, several men in robes with strange masks that covered most of their face leaving only the mouth area exposed followed behind him.

Arriving at the pentagram, Branford approached the first of the women kneeling at one of the points of the star. She was in ancient silk clothing like that of a slave tunic. Beautiful, she had dark hair and brown skin. As Branford stood before her, she began to stroke him and pleasure the shaft of his cock with her hand. She continued to do so until his cock became fully erect at which time she stood up and kissed Branford's goat head like helmet on the lips. The first man in a mask behind Branford took the girl and laid on her back where he then pleasured her with his mouth on the tip of the star she had originally been positioned.

He then moved to the next point of the star where another woman kneeling remained awaiting and had opened her mouth before Branford. She too had brown skin, but with a lighter brown hair and appeared to have more of a curved definition than the last woman. She too wore the same type of clothing, very revealing on her skin as though her clothing was designed to present her as an offering.

Not even acknowledging her as a person, instead Branford approached her shoving his eager cock in her mouth. At first it was a slow and steady rhythm as she bobbed her head forward and back. Soon his cock began to glisten with her saliva as her lips wrapping around continued to slide along the shaft taking him deeper as he began to invade her throat. The woman took him willingly and continued to use her lips to coat his cock with slobber as it began to drip down from between her lips and his cock. As a long drip of her slobber began to hang off his shaft, she pulled his cock from her mouth only to catch the slobber with her mouth wide open and tongue extended outwards. 

She then licked him from the bottom part of his testicle sack going upwards along the shaft until she reached the head where she took it in her mouth again where she sucked on it again as she took it whole into her mouth. She then stood up and kissed the goat's mouth portion of the helmet as well like the woman before. As Branford proceeded to the next woman, two of the masked men took the woman and brought her back to her knees where she began to service the two with with her mouth.

Approaching the third lady, she looked up towards him as she remained kneeling. Her skin was lighter than the other two with dark wavey hair. She stood up before him and removed her silks letting it drop softly on the floor. As Branford approached her, she took his erected member still glistening from the previous woman's slobber and placed it between her thighs. She held him in place and began swaying her hips forward and back rubbing the slit of her wet pussy along the top of his shaft. 

His hard pulsing cock began to drip from her juices as she continued to please him. With each sway of her body, her bare skin would crash into his body as she escalated the rhythm of her movements. The look on her face was that of pure extacy as she began kissing the goat's mouth passionately. Branford which had been calm up until this point started to give into his primal urges as he grabbed her hips and thrusted his body against hers matching in rhythm. 

The woman had finally given into her climax and without even being penetrated by him, she clenched her body against his. Below the two a puddle being showered by her twinkling love juices flowed. She dropped to her knees and kissed Branford's foot while a other of the masked men took her and mounted her from behind and began thrusting into her savagely.

Branford then proceeded to the fourth point of the star in the pentagram. The camera view zoomed in getting a closer look at his erected cock. Dripping wet from the third woman's juices and yet a thicker gooey texture from the second woman's saliva and slobber hung freely from the bottom portions of the shaft. Arriving at the fourth point, the woman present turned her back to Branford and remained on her knees. Slowly lifting her ass in the air as she brought her head down to meet the ground she had spread her knees apart welcoming him.

Branford dropped to one knee behind her as the cameraman followed closely behind. The woman reached between her legs to hold Branford's cock against the folds of her mound. It was obvious how eager he was to be inside her as his cock continued to flex and tighten up. The woman eventually pushed her hips back towards him taking his full girth inside her. By this moment, Branford had already reached a point that he took over control and began thrusting into her.

The camera angle zoomed in again to show Branford's shaft inside her, the lips of her pussy mounds stretching and wrapping his cock while lubricating it with white cream from inside. The view zoomed out to show her back arched as she raised her head in ecstasy. He grabbed her above her hips and pounded away into her is if he were trying to punish her. The ordeal didn't take long until the woman reached her climax as she crashed her hips into him and held in place while her face looked as though she were screaming in pleasure.

Her mouth open, eyes shut with raised eyebrows, her chin tilted upwards, she continued a moment longer in her explosive orgasm. As soon as her face relaxed, she postured her upper body upwards. She reached behind her shoulder and began kissing the goat's mouth provocatively while licking inside the mouth portion. The moment Branford stood up, two masked men took the woman. One man had her mount on top to ride him while the other began to mount her from behind.

As Branford approached the last point of the star, the video started to become distorted. It was almost difficult to watch until the video became full distortion. "Prepare the virgin," was heard being commanded in the video. Then the image of a live goat's head looking directly into the camera flashed briefly before the video went completely black.

Of all the distorted audio, that one line was the only one that went through. Mister O heard it as well, remembering the briefing from George and the recent strange behavior he couldn't help but look at Penny as suspect. 

"Our technology department are working to clean up the last portion of the video," Gretchen explained, "but what we do know is that Colombian police arrived moments after and apprehended Robert Branford. Though many of the cult members of the Dark Watcher's Legion had escaped, it was confirmed that all the females in the ceremony were local women who disappeared from their villages between the ages of twenty one to twenty five."

"What happened to the women?" Mister O asked. 

The other lady in the teleconference screen responded, "Well, you know Stockholm syndrome. You have small town girls, they meet foreigners that promise big stuff, they get tempted, they spread their legs, they get knocked up, and boom! Suddenly they're hooked. Voila! You got yourself a cult, just don't drink the Kool-Aid first if you plan on spiking it."

"Well, where I come from we call that a harem, Madame Boss," Beau commented.

"Hey, fun fact!" The lady on the screen responded, "The word harem is actually Arabic for forbidden. In the old days harems were not brothels, actually it was a room of privacy for women so they can remove their head scarves without being seen by outsiders."

Beau then looked towards Penny, "And that, cher, is the boss, Kristen Geary or K.G. for short. You can see why she gets paid the big bucks." 

"Moral of the story, Beau," Kristen responded, "shut the fuck up while I'm talking."

Slight giggling can be heard in C2I2, yet Beau smiled at the screen and made the gesture with his fingers as if he were zipping his lips closed. Penny looked a bit uncomfortable at the situation.

Through the screen, Kristen Geary began snapping her fingers, "Penelope Godfrey, right?"

"Um, yes, ma'am," Penny replied respectfully, "very pleased to meet you."

Kristen shook her head, "Okay, stop. Stop right there, the excessive politeness makes you look desperate for attention. Just try to relax and pay attention, you have a role to play in all this."

The big screen shifted from the cult footage to a map layout of the northern portion of Colombia. Big Papi stood and began briefing the room as well as Gretchen and Kristen Geary. 

"Okay, listen up!" said Big Papi. "The strike is going to make a night incursion on the beach right here with zodiac rubber boats. Luckily for us, it's not a long trek to reach the hospital, but at the same time this region is also occupied by anti government guerilla forces. So far they've left the hospital alone, but their occupation in the region is preventing us from a simple transfer of custody since any government looking officials may give the guerillas cause to fight."

"So it's a snatch and grab op?" Mister O asked.

"That's affirmative," Big Papi replied, "Hence under the cover of night we can slip in snatch up Branford and be out before the sun rises and besides the hospital staff, no one will ever know we were even there."

"How about air support?" Mister O asked.

"Negative," Big Papi responded. "There's been heavy in-fighting between guerilla forces and the Colombian government." The teleconference screen shifted colors of the guerilla encampment on the map highlighting mounted missile launchers, "As you guys can see, eye in the sky has detected what looks to be anti aircraft missiles and guns. Also, the sound of helos flying by could set them off."

"What's the plan, boss?" Doc Holiday asked.

"When we touch down on the beach and arrive at the hospital, we're going to split into two teams," Big Papi responded. "Red team is going to be CJ, Groove, and Hawk. Red team is going to be the Intel team recording posssible markings he may have carved in the walls in his room and will also be looking for Branford's personal items. Blue team is myself, O, and Doc. We'll be handling the snatch and grab of Robert Branford."

Penny appeared to be antsy, "I'd like to be more involved."

"You will be, Ms. Godfrey," Big Papi responded, "Red team will have a live stream footage from their cams to eye in the sky where you'll be able to view here in C2I2."

"I need to see everything in front of me instead of through some bloody camera, I need to go with you all!" Penny demanded.

"I would highly advise against that, Ms. Godfrey," Mister responded, "you'd only get in our way and slow us down."

Penny turned her head furiously at Mister O, "Bullocks! I'd know how to interpret any markings that Branford may have carved into the walls better and faster if I were there!"

"And if the guerilla forces were to get involved, Ms. Godfrey?" Mister O replied, "How would you intend on protecting yourself?"

"Beau can protect me!" She demanded as she grabbed Beau by his shoulder causing him to look surprised. "You all said it yourself, we can be in and out of there before sunrise. My friends are still missing and if there's anyway I can help find them, then I will not sit on my arse!"

"Well, she does have a compelling argument," Kristen Geary said, "I can see why Beau wants to bang her."

Penny turned towards Beau in shock and smacked him in the shoulder. In pure surprise Beau looked at her and everyone else, "Wait, darlin', I never said anything like that to anyone."

"Okay, boys, Penny and Beau are going." Kristen Geary responded. "Beau! Don't try to bang any of the nurses. Anyhow, I got things to do, you boys know what needs to be done. So, don't fuck it up. Ciao-ciao!"

++++++++++

Present day.

The two boats pulled into the beach. Members of the strike immediately jumped out on the beach with their guns drawn in different directions to form a perimeter as Beau and Penny dismounted. Groove and Hawk each dragged a boat up the beach while the the others provided cover while brushing away any footprints from the beach. 

The teams concealed the boats in the jungle under trees and vegetation. The strike members moved quickly with little to no trouble under the cover of darkness. Rather than helmets, most of them wore the floppy boonie hats, but all had head harnesses with mounted scopes for night-vision as well as infrared and spectral sighting. 

Very similar to the normal dark blue uniforms Illuminati strike team members wore, their load out tactical equipment were identical. The only difference was the color of the uniform pattern. Rather than dark blue, they wore the dark green and brown digital pattern similar to the uniform worn by the U.S. Marine Corps. Both Mister O and Doc Holiday also had a Velcro patch of the Marvel comic icon for the Punisher on their tactical vest. 

Penny wore hiking boots with outdoor cargo pants and a long sleeve shirt. She was equipped with civilian hiking gear in a backpack which hung a helmet used by many rockclimbers, but was outfitted to be able to mount the same scopes the strike team members had on. Although it was Mister O's recommendation to keep Penny outfitted to appear as a civilian hiker and rock climber, but she was still also equipped with a radio to stay in communication the rest of the team and eye in the sky.

Beau also dressed in civilian hiking and rock climbing attire with expensive brand name and wore it more in the sense a fashion model would rather than practical application. His shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows with this forearms covered in leather bracers and around his waist a leather belt with knives and daggers sheathed. 

The strike team along with Beau and Penny proceeded through the jungle making their way deeper into the dark humid wilderness. Gunfire echoed in the distance, animals rustling in the plants nearby, and Beau complaining about his clothing getting dirty were the only sounds heard. 

"Oh, quit complaining, you big baby," Penny teased as she tried to ease her stress during the mission. 

"Well, darlin', I reckon I need to look good," Beau replied, "Them strike team folk may like to look fancy with all that contraption, but me...I like to be clean and good lookin'. It serves well with knight in shinin' armor."

Penny scoffed in a teasing way, "The white knight in shining armor with a band of ruffian black knights?"

"Well, the ruffian black knights ya speak of look to me like some silly voodoo swamp monsters with them green on," Beau replied, "If I saw them strike team folk looking like that back in the 1700's, I might've mistaken them for trolls."

Penny laughed as Beau's remarks seemed to have eased her stress, "Oh, my days. Beau, you are so bad."

"Well, cher, somebody in this gang needs to be the good lookin' one," Beau replied, "and I'm the man for the job."

"Shut up and get down!" CJ ordered Penny and Beau in a semi loud whispering voice as the rest of the strike team took a knee to conceal themselves more within the shadows of the jungle. 

Flashlights beamed across the jungle as guerilla commandos walked through the jungle. They wore green paramilitary outfits, armed with AK 47 assault rifles, and some with RPK light machine guns. They were scattered and staggered as they walked through the jungle while the Illuminati party remained low and undetected in the darkness. 

Beau held Penny closely as he heard her heart beat frantically, "Just relax, darlin'," he assured her. He drew out one of his daggers, a curved blade that he held downward while his other arm wrapped around Penny keeping her safe. 

As the commandos continued to walk through the jungle where the Illuminati were hiding, the guerilla commander appeared amidst the crowd. He was armed with a single pistol and wore olive green fatigues and had on a black beret with a black neckerchief around his neck under his shirt collar. He stopped right in front of Penny. 

The rest of the gurellia forces stopped as well and continued to flash their lights into the vegetation as though they were searching for something. If matters couldn't have gotten worse, Penny looked around and couldn't spot the rest of the strike team.
