 The following is, by a certain definition, a futanari/dickgirl story. It does NOT at any point feature sex with minors (individuals below the age of 18)

Chapter 8

The sun glinting off that reddish blonde hair was hard to miss, and soon Jessica had been spotted as she waded through the warm water toward the beach. She had her dress and shoes bunched up in her hands, unsure if the salty brine would damage them.

"Ho, traveller! Buongiorno!"

She looked across the water to see a figure clad in a loose brown hooded robe, waving spiritedly as it approached. She waved back, beginning to head in their direction. Gradually she left the water, letting her dress fall back around her pale legs. She dropped her shoes to the ground and brushed the sand off the bottoms of her feet. 

"Greetings traveller," the woman repeated as she arrived to stand near her. Though her youthful days were behind her and her mode of dress was unflattering, Jessica could see that she was not an unattractive woman. Beneath the hood she saw thick black locks, and her skin was a deep tan.

"Hello," Jessica said.

The woman nodded as she took in her foreign accent. "You have come from far, I can tell. ...We do not often have visitors. What brings you here?" She spoke with a slow hesitation, but she seemed thoughtful and courteous. 

"I have come to see these islands and their people, whom I've heard much about," Jessica replied.

The woman's eyes lit up. "Have you come to venerate the young goddess, Genera?" Her excitement was brief, for realizing she had already said too much she suddenly shot her gaze downwards, showing regret for her hasty words. Her kind would not approve of her telling a stranger of something so preciously guarded.

"I... had not heard of such a goddess. But if there is one here I would like to meet her," Jessica said. How odd... Marla had never mentioned that there were other immortals to be found there. But then, how long had it been since she had last visited?

"Ah, well it is not my place to grant newcomers her presence. Forgive me, I spoke out of turn."

Jessica nodded, squinting up the path the woman had come from and into the distance. She could make out what must have been a village, seeing wooden huts and people moving about. "May I ask whose place it is, then?"

"That would be the headpriestess."

"Ah. My name is Jessica... and you are?"

The woman bowed slightly, "my name is Dorcia, young miss."

"Well, I'm pleased to meet you Dorcia, and I hope the headpriestess is as kind as you've been."

Dorcia beamed gladly. "Come," she said, beckoning as she headed back into the village. "I can take you to her."

***

The unfamiliar sights of the Aerotian village were a lot to take in, and as they unhurriedly strolled down the sandy street Jessica felt her neck would grow sore if she kept looking around. Marla had definitely not lied about the people that inhabited those islands, for there were beautiful humans of all ages going through their daily business as they went. The men were trim, strong, tall and chiseled like various Adonises, and the sight of them shirtlessly hefting sacks of grain was a sight for her to behold. It had been a long time since ever she felt her eyes attracted to the bodies of men, but she couldn't help but admire the physical impressiveness of those fine specimens. The women were likewise very pleasing, though they dressed more modestly in loose garments. Nevertheless the curves of their lovely figures could be seen beneath on both mother and daughter, and a pretty face was not at all uncommon.

"Your people are the most beautiful I've ever seen," Jessica quietly remarked.

"Ah, well I think the feeling may be mutual," Dorcia said with a chuckle. Men were stopping in their tracks to watch them pass, not giving the slightest effort to hide their interest in Jessica. Her pale skin and soft, coppery hair were hard to miss, while her unbelievably lush, bouncy figure were even harder to ignore. She was used to that sort of attention, though she was also used to having Marla's protective presence nearby under such circumstances.

By the activities surrounding her Jessica could see that the islanders relied on a trade system instead of currency. People stood behind shaded stands with their goods on display, soliciting the offers of others. It was a throwback to a bygone time, which she found quite charming.

They came upon a broader street made of ancient looking sandstone tiles, evidently a main artery for the village as a great number of people walked along it, some pulling carts or riding horses. "This is one of our oldest streets," Dorcia explained. "The servants of the original goddesses paved it. It leads to the temple..."

In the distance Jessica could see the temple approaching, a broad pyramid surrounded by columns and a stone wall. As they got closer she was fascinated to see statues standing every ten meters or so at either sides of the street. Though they were each depictions of different women their bodies all followed the same scheme: feminine perfection, contrasted to prodigiously sized low hanging members. They were worn smooth, evidently very old. "These are your goddesses," Jessica commented.

Dorcia turned to look at her, pausing thoughtfully before giving an answer. "...Yes, these are each they."

Jessica's attention was caught by one statue, which she couldn't help but think bore more than just a passing resemblance to her Marla. It was very old stone though, likely distorted by the passing seasons. Could it have been her, when she had come to those islands hundreds of years ago?

"Over here you can see we have finally begun to carve a new figure," Dorcia said as she pointed across the street to a gleamingly fresh piece of stone. A pair of artisans were busily chipping away at it despite the mid-afternoon heat. It was in its earliest stages but already the proportions of a human figure were roughly there. "That will be the statue of our newest goddess."

"A goddess whom I will be meeting?"

"We will have to see," Dorcia said. 

They were approaching the wall outside the temple, and fortuitously enough a collection of women garbed identically to Dorcia were gathered there. With them was an elderly woman who wore the same sort of brown cloak, though hers bore golden decorations and maroon details. From the way Jessica's guide straightened up in her presence, it was apparent that this was the headpriestess.

The priestesses turned to them. "Dorcia, good afternoon," said the eldest.

"Greetings, headpriestess. I have with me a visitor..."

"I can see that," the headpriestess said. "She surely is not from any of these islands. And what is your name, young visitor?"

"My name is Jessica, headpriestess."

"A western name and accent. So... what brings you to these temple gates?"

Jessica glanced at Dorcia. "I... have heard there is a goddess," she hesitantly. She wasn't entirely sure what she was doing.

The headpriestess also shot a look at Dorcia, though hers was more accusational. "Oh...? And you believe you may find her in this temple?" 

"...Perhaps."

The other priestesses were becoming quietly yet visibly agitated.

"We do acknowledge the existence of goddesses here. That much is quite true. You can tell, just by walking along these streets. But I do not know what could have made you think that there is one here now."

"Dorcia promised me that there is one inside your temple."

The headpriestess fumed, "Dorcia prom-... she says there is one in our temple?! And you believed her?"

Jessica nodded calmly, "yes. She doesn't seem to me like a liar."

They were glaring venomously at poor Dorcia, who seemed to shrink with regret.

"Well," the headpriestess said with a strained placidity, "a beautiful young woman such as yourself, from the extravagant outside world... is probably used to getting what she wants. But there are no goddesses for you here."

"Huh," Jessica said. "I see." She looked at her surroundings, the statues and priestesses. "Evidently you worship their kind... that is well apparent."

"Of course," the headpriestess said, amidst the nodding heads of her inferiors.

Jessica spread her arms grandly: "Yet... When one stands before you, you don't recognize her for what she is?"

The headpriestess squinted at Jessica, while Dorcia forgot her ill feelings and suddenly stared in awe. The other robed women broke into a fit of whispers.

"You... you claim to be divine," the headpriestess said.

"She must be," Dorcia gasped. "Can you not see how perfectly fair she is? That she has been blessed? She practically glows with the divine fertility!" The other priestesses were nodding and uttering quiet sounds of agreement, breaking from the group-think that their superior usually commanded over them.

The headpriestess turned to Jessica after glancing at the others, surprised that they were speaking against her. "Ah, perhaps it may be true... I suppose there may be goddesses in whatever country you came from, quietly siring young women like you. But I am not fully convinced. Do you have some sort of proof?"

Jessica placed her hands on her hips. "Proof... You want me to give you proof. I didn't come here thinking I would have to prove to anyone what I am." She turned away from the group, pacing about as she scanned her surroundings. "A-ha," she said, bending down to pick up one of the sandstone pieces that comprised the ancient road. The rain had worn away the mortar, exposing a crack where it met the next block, and Jessica was easily able to slip her delicate looking fingers in to grab it and pry it loose, revealing that it was actually a massive cube instead of a mere tile. 

The priestesses gasped as with a dry scraping sound she hoisted the block, almost a cubic foot in size, out of the ground. Before they could react she pivoted sideways at the waist, winding herself up for a toss. She threw the heavy block high and far without even a grunt of effort, and it faded to a distant dot against the sky before it plummeted back towards the ground. Though she was surprisingly strong Jessica was still lightly built, and the momentum she had gathered as she threw the rock lifted her off of the ground for a moment.

"I... I most sincerely wish you hadn't done that," the headpriestess said. "But I do believe you now. Please, forgive me for my doubt."

"Your doubts were with reasonable motive," Jessica said kindly. "Now that we've gotten that out of the way, I would like to know if Dorcia was correct in saying that there's another goddess inside that temple."

"Yes, yes," said the headpriestess amidst the nods of the other brown-robed women. "Genera dwells within."

"So then... may I step inside? It's terribly hot out here."

"Ah, yes, of course. It would be an honour," the headpriestess said before she raised a finger, her mouth opening again though she hesitated to continue, "but... there is one thing, goddess-Jessica."

"Hmm?"

"We know what goddesses do, when they come together. And also what they do when they part. And evidently you have travelled far, with great purpose..."

Jessica tilted her head, unsure what she was trying to say.

"The child..."

"Hmm?"

The headpriestess sighed, beginning to blush despite the darkness of her cheeks. "When you leave... Would it be so much to ask that the child remain a member of our people?"

Jessica's face turned incredulous, and she couldn't help but giggle a little. "A child! That seems a little hasty! I haven't even met this goddess yet and you think I will give her a child?"

The faces of the priestesses were dead serious, and it was plain to see that they were sure it would be so. "Yes. Our goddess is partnered to our fairest young women, for we desperately hope for more of your divine kind to walk among us. You would distract her from them, so we only ask that you leave the child with us."

She still couldn't believe the direction the conversation had headed, but she played along, if only to get out of the hot sun. "Yes, sure. Of course. You must know that we do not raise our children, they are left to themselves. So you could have the child."

"That is good, very good," the headpriestess said as she lowered her head gratefully, if only to hide her smile. "You may come inside to meet her, then."

Chapter 9

And so Jessica ducked beneath the hanging beads and drapery as Dorcia held the clattering barrier open. She stepped into the room, though she could see little in the dim lighting after being out in the hard daylight.

Genera did not expect to have a visitor like this. She had never seen a woman so pale, with such fine lightly coloured hair. She had never seen a face so perfectly beautiful, nor had she ever fathomed that one so delicately built could have a body so blessed. Amazed, she found herself getting to her feet. "You've come... to see me...?"

Jessica only blinked, her eyes still adjusting.

Dorcia spoke: "Yes, Genera. Another goddess has come, and she has asked to see you. I... I should leave, then."

As Dorcia shuffled off Jessica's vision returned. The girl she was presented with certainly had the appearance of a goddess, for she was by far the most beautiful Aerotian she had yet beheld. The immodest covering of that pink sarong, so contrasted to the priestesses she had spoken with before, drew her gaze down to mocha cleavage and the twin rounded swells of her full breasts, then lower still to take in the hills of her slender waist and swelling hips, then bare legs below. She caught herself in the act of that elevator stare and looked up again, only to find herself instead captivated by the beautiful angles and features of her face, a hypnotic mixture of European and African genetics, which was an inch or two higher than her own. The girl was staring, unable to hide her amazement. "My name is Jessica... and as you can probably tell I've travelled a long way to be here."

"I am honoured, Jessica. If only I had known that I would meet a goddess today, one from so far off! I'd have been more prepared..."

"Oh, don't worry about that. I hadn't known I'd be doing the same until maybe an hour ago."

Genera nodded, and for a moment they just stared at each other, unsure how to proceed. Jessica could tell by her sheepishness that the lovely girl must have been young, possibly not much older than she had been when she herself was introduced to their kind.

"So... were you sired by another? Or are you a born goddess?" Jessica said.

"I was born as one. Although the fact was only recently recognized to be true."

"Ah, that's interesting." Jessica sat down. "Where I come from no one even knows of our kind. ...Which makes me very curious what life is like here."

"This is the only place in the world where we can openly exist."

"Yes... I think that might be part of why I've come."

So they settled into a discussion of what it was to be a goddess in Aerotia. Genera would have been tongue tied in the presence of such a divine and tempting creature if they hadn't had such a rich topic to cover. 

***

Jessica's questions seemed unending. After what may have been an hour of conversation there was a pause, the well of inquiry having run dry, so Jessica posed an entirely different one: "Genera, are you uncomfortable? You keep averting your eyes. I'm right here," she said, smiling as she offered a comforting stroke to her arm.

"Oh... Ah, maybe a little," she said quietly. "I hope I'm not offending you... it's just... you please my eyes so. I mustn't look upon you for too long."

"Oh... oh, alright," Jessica said. She stood up, not wanting Genera's discomfort to become her own. "Well I suppose I've overstayed my welcome anyhow. I haven't eaten since I left home and by now I'm positively starved..."

Genera bowed her head, sorry to see her leave. "There is plenty to have in the market. Help yourself..."

"Sure thing."

Jessica ducked under the rattling veil and entered the hallway, only to see Dorcia and another priestess standing before her. Dorcia held a large silver tray which held an assortment of fresh fruit, plus some flat bread and a bowl filled with a fragrant spicy sort of stew. The other held two glasses and a flagon of red wine.

They bowed slightly. "Leaving so soon goddess-Jessica! But we were just bringing you and Genera your supper! You must be hungry."

"Ah... why, yes, I am," she said in a dead-pan manner. "How did you ever know...?"

"Good, good. Come back inside, then," Dorcia said as she and the other priestess advanced, their bodies blocking any escape through the narrow corridor. 

Bemused, Jessica ducked back under the veil, followed by the two and their delicious payload. "I guess dinner found me." 

"It did, yes." The priestesses placed the trays on a low table in the middle of the room, lit candles and left.

Genera looked glad, and seeing so put Jessica more at ease. Gracefully the girl sat upon one of the silken pillows that surrounded the table. Jessica did the same, and the pleasant aromas of the stew tempted her senses. Her stomach growled. "Oh, my... that smells delicious."

"It is quite good, yes."

Jessica watched the exotic girl tear off a strip of the flatbread, which she used to scoop up some of the tasty concoction. As she chewed she gestured to the tray, urging Jessica to do the same.

They ate until the point of satisfaction and drank their wine until the tension of their new companionship was forgotten. But what was there to do now? The sun had set and Jessica had no where to go. It was obvious what the priestesses expected them to do, and as the wine took effect it didn't seem so foreign an idea.

Jessica reached out and stroked Genera's arm. The girl took a quick breath, surprised by the touch, and looked at her with eyes hazy from the drink. Smiling distantly she crawled toward Jessica, and they carefully joined lips. 

Jessica ventured a more sensual touch, sliding her hand down Genera's lovely side. The girl took this as an invitation to let herself go further, setting herself down on Jessica's lap as she cupped her cheek, guiding her mouth upwards to the probing stroke of her tongue.

"Mmmh," Jessica purred. She liked the taste of Genera, the feel of her firm body beneath her palm. She roughly grabbed her curvaceous rear and pulled her closer as she tilted her head, letting her tongue out to meet the other.

That surprisingly strong tug forced Genera to spread her legs, straddling Jessica's lap as their torsos collided. Her member bumped against Jessica's clothed stomach, and she felt a pang of embarrassment, but moreso an intensification of her want. The intimate contact had her swelling with excitement, and soon Jessica could feel the growing mass of that long, warm shaft as it began to claim the tight space between them.

"Oh... oh my... I believe it now," Jessica whispered, stealing a peek downwards, though there was nothing to see except the deep chasm of her cleavage. She was smiling, evidently very pleased.

Genera had no words to give as she again took Jessica's cheeks between her hands and indulged in another passionate kiss. She was starting to drag her hips up and down her front with an unrestrained want, that lengthening gift of hers stabbing harder and higher into their bosoms, shedding the restraint of her sarong. 

Jessica fell back, and suddenly Genera was on top of her, her cock digging into the bottoms of her breasts. "Please, beautiful goddess, don't make me stop," she whispered. "I can't help myself any longer."

Jessica just stared, her mouth moving without words. Things were going very fast, but the basal desires she felt as that exotic beauty hovered over her were becoming terribly hard to deny. "Then don't," she said, and she slid her hand into those rich black locks, bringing Genera down to meet her lips once more. With the other she grabbed that divine endowment, and she couldn't help but swoon at the feel of hot hardness extending so far from where it began. She slowly ventured a couple strokes.
