 Chapter 23

Melissa emerged from the the shower. With nought but a towel around herself she plopped down onto the bed she'd been sharing with her sister.

"Did anything happen while I was gone?"

"Well, yeah I guess," Angela said, "as in, not much, for a change."

"Oh yeah? How do you mean," Melissa said as she wrapped another towel around her sopping strawberry blonde hair.

"Well for once they're dressed and not having sex."

"Oh. Yeah, that is a pretty big change isn't it?"

"Yeah! It's pretty amazing."

Melissa sat down in front of their spyglass, squinted one of her eyes shut and took a look. Through it she saw Diana and Jenn were snuggled up on a couch, dressed in comfortable clothes, evidently watching something on Diana's television. "So they've been together the entire weekend."

"Mhmm."

"I think she's settling on this girl, then."

"Yeah, looks like it. I mean she hasn't seen any of the other ones since, um... last Wednesday."

"That's good," Melissa said. "I think she's starting to get it."

Angela nodded. "And I like this brown haired one. You should have seen her walking around in those yoga pants."

After a couple moments Melissa pulled back from the spyglass and turned to face her sister. "I just hope all those other girls don't create some sort of backlash about this."

"Because they're upset that Diana's chosen this one instead of them?"

"Uh-huh. No one can predict how a woman will behave when she's separated from her goddess..."

"Yeah, yeah... And there's five of them. Five little hotties, feeling all deprived." Angela leaned in closer, speaking in a lower, more conspiratorial tone. "You know what we'll have to do?"

"Investigate further?" Melissa said, grinning gleefully.

"Yep."

"I'll call front desk and extend our stay."

Chapter 24

It had been two days since Audrey's meeting at her apartment, yet still there had been no word from Erica on whether or not she supported her treacherous plans. No bother; the point of that gathering was not actually to come to any group consensus. The votes casted demonstrated to Audrey who could and couldn't be trusted to participate in the plot she intended to put into motion. Shelley and Donna were out, as predicted. Erica would also be left in the dark. She only had Stacy on her side.

She was seated by herself at a coffee house, cupping some sort of frothy chai-latte concoction in her hands pensively. What would her father do, in her sort of situation? Despite his secrecy Audrey had always been aware of his shadier practices. When someone wouldn't cooperate, his first step was always a warning. He would use their fears against them, to scare them into compliance. That was usually enough, and if it wasn't... their funeral would soon follow.

But what could she do to frighten Jenn? She regretted paying so little attention to her during the previous Wednesday. She still knew next to nothing about her, except for her name and where she worked. To make things still more difficult, once jolted Jenn would probably go running to Diana, who would see right through the scare tactic and suspect one of her own as the culprit. Then there would be no point in even trying; Diana wouldn't want to have anything to do with any of them.

There was no choice but to go right to the final step. Jenn would have to be eliminated, by force. No details could connect her to the incident. Though she didn't yet know how she was going to accomplish that, she knew she was going to have to tie up some loose ends first.

She began by writing a group text to Shelley, Donna and Erica. 

No vote from Erica means 3 against 2. Won't be doing anything about Diana's girlfriend. It was a silly idea, and a dangerous one too. I must have just been feeling caught up in the moment.

She was confident the others would believe her and forget all about her little plot.

Chapter 25

Wednesday had come around again, though this time Diana was only going to be spending that midweek night with Jenn. It was after one of her classes and they'd met up at the shopping mall to casually wander its noisy halls and browse stores. It was a nice way to start their night, to be as they once had been as a pair of teenage mallrats.

"Ooh let's take a look in there," Jenn said, tugging on Diana's wrist. Diana was reluctant, resisting slightly and having to be dragged into the pink and black lingerie store.

"Ah, I don't know if that's a good idea..."

Jenn turned to her, grinning playfully. "Oh, come on! Don't you want to pick something for me to wear tonight?" She stepped closer and added more privately, "something tiny...?

Diana nodded, already feeling charmed at the thought of having Jenn in something naughtier than just their usual nothing. "Yeah. But, ah, I usually try to avoid places like this."

"Not today," Jenn said. With an enticing sway she sashayed her sexy self into the store, bringing Diana in tow.

Soon enough Jenn was rummaging through the bins of underwear. "Ooh yeah, I like this," she said as she picked out a tiny black thong. She held it over her tight fitted jeans, modelling it for Diana. "What do you think?"

"That's good," Diana said. "But try something more exotic... You're always wearing those, anyway." She stepped over to another bin and pulled out a much more interesting item. "Like this."

It was a lace teddy: Translucent pink ruffled strips would travel up from its waistband to cover each of her breasts, then thinning into little straps that would run down her back until meeting at her bottom on the other side. Lower, a narrow band of the same material would cross over her crotch before narrowing into a g string.

"Pink," Jenn commented as she took the little outfit into her hands.

"Yeah. You're always wearing blacks and blues, so why not change it up?"

Jenn pressed it against her body, modelling the item for her. She smiled prettily while striking a saucy pose. "Okay. If you say so... Anything for you."

Diana gave a little giggle as she imagined Jenn wearing it at home. It looked like it was made for her slender hourglass form, though her rather developed chest would probably be packed a little tightly... not that that was a bad thing. "Okay. That's good, very good," she said as she started to shift her purse so it would hang over her front.

Jenn watched Diana fidget. She grinned and gave a little giggle of her own, knowing exactly what she was trying to hide. "Oh... is this why you don't usually come into shops like this?"

Blushing and smiling, she looked downward. "Yes."

"Well you still have to help me try this on!"

"No! Hell no, that's not going to be a good idea."

"Well... We still have to pick something out for you to wear tonight, also."

To wear tonight. Diana's excitement could only increase at the thought of having Jenn in that little lace teddy once they were home. "No, no I think I'd better leave before I embarrass myself. You can get me something, anything in fact. Just make sure the cups are a 36G."

"Okay," Jenn said with a slightly mocking nod of her head. She was deeply amused by Diana's awkward state.

"I'll meet you in the food court. Bye for now!" Still pressing her purse against her crotch, Diana gave Jenn a quick peck on the cheek and promptly left the store.

By the time she'd reached the food court she'd cooled off enough to let her handbag hang normally. She took a seat and dug her phone out of her purse, seeking to pass the time until Jenn would rejoin her. Just as she unlocked the phone it began to buzz, and the screen read ' incoming call: SHELLEY JOHNSON'. Diana smiled; it was always a pleasure to hear from that pretty and vivacious tattooed girl.

"Hello?"

"Hey, that was fast. How's it going blondie?"

"Not bad, rocker chick. How are you?"

"I've been alright. Long time to chat."

Diana felt a slight pang of guilt for her unannounced absence from the girls. "Yeah... yeah, I guess it's been a week! Time flies." 

"It does," Shelley said softly. 

"So, what's up?"

"Well... okay, Diana. This is going to be a serious phone call, unfortunately."

"Oh?"

"Yeah. It's, um. It's Audrey. Okay... okay, look. Audrey and Stacy say that you've been off with Jenn..."

Diana felt another little stab of guilt. She wondered how the two were staying so up to date with her personal life.

"...and that's pretty much how it's going to be from now on. And that's okay. But for some of the other girls, it's not. Diana, Audrey had some sort of meeting on Saturday, and she asked us to vote on who wanted to 'do something' about that."

"Do something about it...?"

"Yeah. As in, probably something really bad. To get rid of Jenn, for good. Donna and I voted against it, and Erica was undecided. Stacy I guess is just following along with Audrey, so they voted yes, and well... you might have heard how her family do business."

"So you're saying Audrey might want to try to have Jenn killed," Diana said, trying not to inject any emotion into her voice.

"Yeah. She might, Diana. The vote was against her in the end so she said she wouldn't. But still, I figured I ought to warn you, just in case."

Diana slumped, palming her face in disbelief.

"Diana... are you still there?"

"Yes, I am."

"Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. I just... wow. Unbelievable. There are no words."

"Yeah... uh. Well... I don't know what else to say, either. I guess, just, tell Jenn to be careful."

"I will."

"Okay. We miss you, Diana. If you ever want to hang out, even if just as friends or whatever, we'll always be here."

"Thank you. You should know that you truly are a friend, Shelley. Thank you."

"No problem babe. Kisses!"

"Kisses. Buhbye."

Through the cracks of her fingers she watched the various other people in the food court. She suddenly felt very weary, though her thoughts were racing. I always knew Audrey was a sly one, but this... my god. How could she be so heartless?

Yet there were two sides to that coin. This might be my fault. In that letter my parents sent me, they told me to choose one girl... 'one who strikes me as more worthy than any of the others'. 

Diana knew that letter word for word. It had become a tattered sheet that was near disintegration from all the times her younger self had secretly studied it. 

To further quote it: 'She will become very attached to you, 'mated' you might say, as would any other female human who shares your intimacy.' 

The five girls were mated to her. They each needed her, and yet she had chosen Jenn. Though it was the right choice it didn't change the fact that the others must have felt extremely deprived and jealous... so jealous that one of them was considering murder. 

With that harsh lesson learned, Diana was matured. From then on her old ways, the frivolous behaviours of a juvenile goddess, would be behind her. She would live in the manner her instincts dictated, monogamously dedicated to her sole chosen partner.

Chapter 26

They retired to Jenn's room, for though it was a smaller and more humble place than Diana's home it was also a lot closer to the mall, meaning they would be able to try on their newly acquired lingerie much sooner.

"Okay, so let's see what you got me," Diana said as she opened up the shopping bag. She gently dropped the frilly little pink number she'd chosen for Jenn onto the coffee table, revealing below it the item Jenn had chosen. "Oh... oh, wow," she said as she lifted it out of the bag.

"Yeah. It's called a 'skirted teddy'." The article Diana held was made of fine black mesh and bubblegum pink silk. It was essentially pink bra cups with a strip of black mesh trailing down toward a tiny pink mini skirt that had no hope of covering any woman's bottom, let alone a goddesses' member. "It also came with a thong, but you won't have any use for it so I'm keeping it. Amazing that I didn't have to go into the plus sizes to get cups that would fit you."

"Yeah, geez. Okay, so you want me to try this on."

"Um, yeah," Jenn said with a giggle.

Diana turned and began to strip out of her clothes. Black straps criss-crossed her pale back as she slid into the tiny garment. Once that adorable and insignificant excuse for a skirt circled her cheeks she began to adjust the bra, properly positioning her jiggling globes in it and making adjustments to the straps. Last she reached up to raise and tighten her cascading blonde ponytail. 

Eventually she turned around and struck a pose: "ta-da."

"Oh my god. Wow," Jenn whispered huskily, stepping closer as she eyed Diana's blessed figure up and down. With just a strip of that black mesh connecting the bra to the skirt, so much of Diana's fit and feminine body were on display. Jenn's fingers played with the pink fringe of her skirt as she stared hungrily at the ivory monster that hung from within it, oversized yet unaroused. "It's... perfect. I just want you to fuck me now, really bad."

"Yeah yeah," Diana said as with a little push to her collar she created distance between themselves. "Now you. Go on..."

Jenn giggled softly. She began to wriggle out of her tight jeans. She tossed off her tank top. Turning around to face the coffee table, she slipped her thong down, presenting to Diana what waited for her as she bent to have it off and grab her lace teddy. She held the strappy pink fluff in front of her for a moment, considering just how one would go about putting on such a tiny thing before gingerly stepping into the mere strings and pulling up. 

Diana hissed softly as the G string disappeared between her cheeks. Jenn next passed each strap over her shoulders and adjusted them so their widened front portions would properly pass over her breasts. "A bit small on my boobs," she said as she turned to face Diana, revealing her cleavage to be packed much more tightly than those of the model on the package. With a calm shrug of her shoulders she secured the waistband, drawing the two broad transparent pink ribbons of the front close to her to compliment her trim figure. 

Diana stepped closer to Jenn and reverently set her hands on her hips. "You look... so hot."

Without response Jenn got closer still, and bust to licentiously presented bust they kissed, softly at first, though with an almost instantly increasing passion. As their tongues met Jenn felt Diana's shaft warmly descending against her thigh. She traced her hand along it, soon finding she couldn't reach the tip without bending lower. 

The skin was tightening to her touch as it quickly thickened and grew, for Diana was intensely aroused to have her normally darkly clad girlfriend in something so feminine and vulnerable. She was also thrilled to be wearing something so revealing and overtly sexual. Soon she had to turn her hips, letting her cock jut out to Jenn's side as it reached out and up. 

Jenn then had access to the entire length, and as she traced her hand along her lover's studly hardness she began to feel a deep, urgent need in her loins... but before that, she craved a taste. She stepped back to again relish in the sight of her goddess, her gaze lingering upon that throbbing fourteen inch fuckstick, so boldly contrasted to the sexualized femininity of Diana's divine body and playfully scant lingerie. She dropped to her knees, gazing up expectantly at her.

Diana slowly lowered herself to sit on the coffee table, and as her bottom hit the cold surface her shaft rigidly bobbed before Jenn, who licked her lips in deep lust. She spread her legs for her as she crawled closer.

Jenn took hold of it and slid her hand down, slowly descending until it disappeared within Diana's tiny skirt. She repeated with the other hand, turning her gaze up to meet Diana's. She again licked her lips wantingly. The precum began to slowly run.

"Ohh, babe," Diana moaned as Jenn eagerly tongued and slurped. She was overcome with an urge to hump into her throat, but knowing from her own experience how improbable a fit that would be she resisted. She chose to take Jenn's hands and weave their fingers together as their palms met and hung in the air at each side of her turgid cock, for if she had to fight her urge to thrust, Jenn's urges to squeeze and stroke would also be denied.

With only her mouth to connect her to the end of Diana's massive shaft Jenn's head bobbed as she gulped and gagged needily. Her chin glistened and dripped with a lewd mixture of precum and her own spit.

"Hhhho, yes," Diana moaned as with a stiff lurch of her cock she filled Jenn's cheeks with pre, eliciting a grateful sigh from the gorgeous brunette. Her unsatisfied urge to abuse Jenn's mouth was soon supplanted by mental images of herself carnally thrusting into her on that nearby couch. Seeing her in that tiny frilly pink outfit, she just wanted to fuck her senseless.

Inspired by that imagery, she tilted her hips toward herself, pulling her glistening rod away from Jenn's mouth, and rose to her feet. With their hands still pressed together and fingers still tightly weaved, Jenn had to follow. The look in Diana's eyes was predatory as she guided her back towards the couch. 

Their chests jiggled and jostled while Diana's rod stiffly swayed between them as the few feet of distance around the table were stumbled. When cushion hit leg Jenn fell back onto the couch, pulling Diana over her as she went. She wasted no time in spreading her legs, revealing the intense glistening arousal of her desire. "God, I want you inside me. Fuck me," she whispered.

Diana simply nodded her head, then without hands took aim and slid herself into Jenn slowly. Inch after tight inch gradually enveloped her. She moaned lowly. Once buried as deeply as she could be she carefully laid herself on top of Jenn and pinned her hands to the couch while her expansive bust did the same for her torso.

"Oh god Diana," Jenn whispered, always rapt at the first feel of herself so completely filled, surrendering to the hold Diana had on her. "So huge... fuck me, please!"

Diana attempted to silence Jenn's pleads by pressing their lips together in a smouldering kiss. She began to rock her hips, gently pushing herself in and out. Jenn still wouldn't remain quiet, for she sighed and moaned with each pass of her divine endowment. 

Finally they released hands as Diana instead filled her grasp with Jenn's generous breasts. Her nipples were plain to see and feel through the translucent pink material, their hardened points prodding against her indulgent touch. Jenn felt a mighty throb and the liquid heat of another burst of precum coating her insides. Her eyes widened with surprise before she giggled softly, breaking their kiss. 

Diana shared that giggle, then whispered: "You like that, hmm?" She slowed her thrusts to the tiniest wiggle. Jenn simply nodded, her gaze locked with Diana's adoringly. 

"You want more?"

Jenn nodded again, biting down on her bottom lip.

"Then you'll get plenty more." With that increased lubrication Diana was free to thrust faster and deeper. The steady rhythm of lovemaking was soon assumed, and Jenn was utterly incapacitated by the sensation of those huge, constant passes into her velvet confines. She moaned helplessly with a growing volume and urgency until Diana silenced her with another smouldering, messy kiss.

Each subsequent pass had Jenn tightening around Diana's incredible cock, and her muffled whimpers were growing more and more fitful. Not even close to finishing yet, Diana began to mercilessly drive into her, the toned yet feminine muscles of her body flexing beneath the meager straps and frills of her teddy with each athletic push. She pulled out of their kiss and Jenn's cries were no longer silenced: "Oh, god dammit! Keep going!"

"That's right baby," Diana purred as she repositioned herself upright and held one of Jenn's smooth bare legs before her for support. In that pose she easily pistoned into her, eliciting animal screams of ecstasy as Jenn entered a furious climax. Diana detachedly kissed that leg, unaffected. "You're so beautiful while you cum."
