 The following is, by a certain definition, a futanari/dickgirl story. It does NOT at any point feature sex with minors (individuals below the age of 18)

*****

Chapter 18

Genera awoke in a less than fair state. She was groggy, disoriented, and the hard ground beneath her was uncomfortable. Wrapped up once again in the rough brown robe of a priestess, she was also terribly hot. 

It must have been mid morning -- how could she have been asleep for so long? Looking around, she saw she was lying in the partial shade of a bush on the eastern side of the temple grounds. 

Somehow Jessica must have brought her there, under cover of night. And she had slept through all of it.

She sat up, squinting her eyes against the sunlight. The strange dreams she'd had were still fresh in her head. She felt a tumult of emotions, but was quick to remember her duty.

Rising to her feet, she made her way inside the temple, where she was sure Drea would already be waiting for her.

Once the heavy doors were shut behind her she tossed the robe onto the floor, baring her sweat slicked body. She paced around her home, searching every room and hallway. The place was deserted.

Drea's absenteeism was something she and the priestesses would have to investigate, but at that moment her first concern was to wash away the dust and perspiration she had accumulated overnight. She drew up a bath. 

Running water was a rarity on the Aerotian islands, as most water was still gathered from wells. That the ancient building had been updated with modern plumbing was one of the many rare luxuries that made life in the temple so sweet... and yet, another of her worshippers was slipping through her fingers!

Perhaps if I'd been a true goddess, I would still have Laene, and Drea would remain as dedicated as she was when we began. Well, things might be different, now, if those dreams I had last night are to be believed.

***

"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Laene asked. "I mean, how can you even be so sure she was lying? These are all just matters of suspicion!"

Drea lead Laene by the hand as they briskly headed toward the temple. "No, this isn't just suspicion. I was too foolish to see it, but now it's obvious. She's been faking it and now we're going to have a word with her and the priestesses. To tell them we know the truth."

They were passing by Genera's statue, the newest of the many that lined the oldest streets of the capital. Though still unfinished it was definitely taking form, becoming recognizable as her image. "What do you think we could even accomplish by doing that?"

"We can put a stop to this. An end to the lies, of one person being worshipped while the rest of us are mere peasants! She's taking advantage of everyone's hope. It's wrong."

"I... suppose..."

***

As Genera was stepping out of the bathtub she heard knocking on the temple's thick wooden door. She was fascinated to find that her hearing had become so acute, her mind so analytical, that she could tell by the resonance of those knocks that they belonged to the small, finely built hand of a young female. Judging by their rhythm and force that female was quite agitated.

Drea has finally come, to tell me what's kept her away for two days. This should be interesting.

Not even bothering to hurry, Genera walked over to the stand where she'd hung her worship clothes. If Drea was going to have her first meeting with a true goddess she would definitely be dressed the part. She clasped the fine golden chain around her hips, draping the long purple fabric loin cloth over her groin and rear. Another golden chain she placed around her collar, hanging a sheet of the same fabric over her breasts. 

On top of her cabinet sat her jewelry. She continued the gold theme by putting on her hoop earings, as well as a gleaming armlet.

Those knocks persisted as Genera padded over to the entrance. She easily pulled the massive door open with a strength that surprised her, as well as Drea, whose hand still hung suspended in the air as she stood blinking in the doorway.

"Ah, hello Drea. It's been longer than we expected, hasn't it? And Laene! I'm glad to see you." She stepped back, "please come in." Genera noted that neither girl was dressed for worship.

"We won't need to come in. This should only take a moment," Drea said sternly.

"Oh. Well at least step inside the doorway, or you'll let all my cool air out." She beckoned for them to enter, and once they had done so shut the door behind them, more gently this time. "Drea, did you mean to wear your worship clothes?"

"No. I meant to discuss certain things which you've been keeping hidden from us. Hidden from us and the priestesses... from all of Aerotia!"

"I see," Genera said. The wheels were turning in her head, faster than they ever could before, filling in all the blanks. Drea had stopped coming to her because she'd decided she was lying about being a goddess. She'd brought Laene with her because that made them both ex-worshippers, giving them strength as a duo. Looking at Laene, though, she saw that the girl wasn't as confident as Drea in what they were about to accuse her of. It wasn't just her usual withdrawn nature; she genuinely looked like she hadn't made up her mind about the situation. "Go on, then. Let's hear it."

"You've been lying. You aren't a goddess! Not a real one... you just look like one, but you... you..."

Genera calmly adjusted her armlet, then cut off Drea's stammering accusations with a wave of her hand. "Okay, okay. Why do you think so?"

"Because I've worshipped you for half a year, and nothing that was promised to me has come true. I am the exact same girl as I was before all this began. And there's more," Drea turned to Laene, "right?"

"Uh, yes, there is." Laene gulped. "I, uh, saw you walking a few nights ago..."

Genera nodded slowly. She was sure she'd gone unseen all of those nights... apparently that wasn't so. "And you followed me?"

"Yes. I wanted to see where you were going. You went deep into the forest, all the way to a hut, where the goddess Jessica is living. And I saw her..."

"And?"

"She doesn't bear any child."

Drea jumped in, meaning to underline the point: "And that was the final clue. A real goddess would have impregnated her, easily! ...For we know she is real; she proved it when she hurled that stone."

"And we still haven't found it yet. Tell me Laene, when you followed me to Jessica's home... did you like what you saw?"

Laene seemed taken aback by the personal question. She turned away, blushing. 

I think I've found a way to turn this situation around...

"Don't try to change the subject," Drea said.

"Right, my apologies. So you believe I've been faking it all this time, Drea. But something tells me Laene isn't quite as convinced as you..."

"Nonsense!"

Genera was already walking toward the shyer girl, her poise and posture perfect, her aura supernatural. With each step her divine blessings shuddered beneath her scant dressings. The petite beauty looked up at her, glassy eyed and awed.

"Do you think I'm a fake?"

"I... I think..."

Genera swiftly wrapped an arm around her, pulling their bodies close. Laene could feel her breath on her lips. "Do I not look like a goddess? Am I not acting like one?" She grabbed her dainty wrist and slammed it down onto her shaft, "don't I feel like one?"

Laene sputtered, her cheeks flushing even redder as she started to melt. Genera was instantly coming to life in her hand, and she could feel every detail through that thin cloth. As she found her fingers eventually unable to encircle that girth Genera turned her hips slightly, letting her cock rise steadily up, the fabric no longer covering her. An intoxicating scent met Laene's nostrils, a nuanced floral smell with undertones of something warmer, something deeply sexual. 

As if hypnotized Laene watched her cock grow, and grow, and grow, until Genera grabbed her little chin and tilted her face up to hers. She kissed those pretty, pouty lips hotly, as she had wished to do since the day she disappeared from the temple.

"What... what are you doing?! Stop it!"

Genera raised a hand toward Drea, halting her. "Let Laene decide for herself how she will spend her second chance with a goddess."

Turning to Laene, they saw her legs clamped together, her pretty face contorted with abject lust as she gazed down at what was now Genera's full hardness. Genera was surprised at how effortlessly she had summoned her arousal. So this is what it is to be a true goddess. She chuckled, "alright... go on, then."

Laene fell to her knees, then backed away, a foot or more. From there she passed the thick head of Genera's cock into her mouth, immediately tonguing its surface as her eyes rolled back blissfully.

Drea couldn't believe what she was seeing -- it made no sense at all! Laene had always been resistant to Genera's goddess-like charms, for they were in fact non existent, yet there she was, helpless to her sudden desire like putty in Genera's hands. 

Laene's hands were filled with the opposite -- she stroked that hardness hungrily, moaning softly. Glancing down at it, Genera could see that her cock had become straighter and more perfect in shape. Where it had slightly fattened and bent in the middle before, that same thickness now made up the entire length, which also seemed to have increased by perhaps an inch or more. 

Even more surprising was when those spirited strokes of Laene's hands started the gentle yet steady flow of precum, something that had never happened before. The moment it touched Laene's tongue she moaned, a shudder visibly passing through her from her head to her toes. With a look of amazement she let go, if only for a moment. "Genera, I... I'm sorry. I shouldn't have doubted you."

Genera grinned, feeling a newfound sense of command over her worshipper. "Oh? What are you trying to say, Laene? Tell Drea for me." 

Laene turned to Drea. "She is a definitely a goddess. I can't explain how, but it's... My god, she tastes like nothing else!" Her gaze returned Genera's shaft again, where the precum was beginning to run down onto her hands.

"What... that's nonsense," Drea said. She stepped over to where Laene knelt, and that same erotic aroma met her nostrils, changing her mind in imperceptible ways. She decided that, for the sake of being open minded, she'd get to her knees beside Laene to give a second opinion.

There was more than enough of Genera available for one of Drea's hands to join Laene's two. She was intrigued by the slippery coating that met her touch, as well as how her grip was filled slightly more than she'd grown accustomed to. "Genera... you've... changed...?"

She didn't even bother to respond, simply gazing down expectantly at Drea, waiting for her to have a taste. That would seal the deal. Slowly Drea slid her tongue along Genera's length. Her eyes widened, and she suddenly stared up at the goddess. "What is this? Have you been hiding this from us?"

"You're still making accusations?" Genera chuckled. "So do you think I'm an imposter now?" 

She shook her head, then silently licked up some of more of that precum.

"Good. Now let's take this to my bedchambers... the main hall is no place for this."

Chapter 19

With the two girls close behind Genera strolled through the veils into her room. She pointed toward the luxurious couch where an inebriated Laene had once slept, and they obediently sat, their full attention hers.

They watched Genera turn to her full body mirror and begin to undress... she lifted off her top and dropped the fabric beside her. Then she turned, eyeing her profile as she began to unclasp the chain around her hips. Through a simple act of will she'd kept herself fully hard, allowing her to examine the subtle transformations that had taken place while she slept and dreamt that strange dream. With a proud chuckle she slid a hand along her changed cock, now filled out and reaching further lengths. That loincloth clattered to the floor, and she turned to the two girls.

"Now you."

As commanded they rose and began to strip off their street clothes. Her hands on her hips, Genera began to pace a circle around them, her shaft bobbing with each step as she watched them hungrily. She had the predatory air of a lioness stalking a pair of baby gazelles.

Once they were fully undressed Genera sashayed over to the bed, where she laid down on her side. She motioned for them to approach.

Laene was the first to move, practically running toward Genera's supine body, which she crouched beside. By the time she directed the end of that cock to her mouth Drea had joined her at her other side. Soon their mouths were trailing up and down the sides and top of her length, catching every drip of precum, their hands overlapping as they stroked the lower extent of her steadily. 

Genera seethed, loving the enhanced feelings of her goddess-cock. As it had become slightly larger, she found it was also more sensitive, with the stimulation of their attention more gratifying than ever before. Watching the two girls work her was the fulfilment of a yearning she had felt since the day Laene had left the temple. Seeing how deeply they needed to taste her cum, she knew things had finally been set right.

An unfamiliar jolt deep inside her had a spurt of that pre come rocketing out with a hard spasm. Drea had the fortune of holding the tip when it happened, and her mouth was filled while the tail end of it painted her chin and neck. Laene gasped, then giggled, coming in to lick that trace off of her friend's chin. With their hunger increased they began to work Genera even harder, pumping her cock in unison as they fought for access. 

Genera moaned, her legs becoming restless from the eager attention they were giving her. Another spurt was deflected by their combined lips, dripping back down onto Genera's shaft. They were quick to lap it all up, their tongues waxing her every throbbing inch until they met again at the top, where it slowly continued to flow. 

The unexpected reality of things began to clarify in Laene's mind. The taste of a goddess' seed was on her tongue, spurring her to continue. She had an insatiable hunger for more... a hunger that would last the rest of her life, for she and Drea were now both truly her worshippers.

"How were you hiding this from me for so long? Mhhhh," Drea purred. 

Genera, a proud and beautiful immortal, just smiled. The pressure was building inside her, and she wasn't yet sure what to expect, though she suspected it would be huge. "I think there's much more to come... ohh god, that feels wonderful."

Laene wimpered softly as they renewed their efforts, both their sets of hands milking Genera's immense length as their hungry tongues passed up and down, begging her for another spurt of that pre. 

Drea felt Genera grow tense, and she could feel her pulse quickening as she reached new levels of hardness in their hands. She went straight for that seething head, burying it to the best of her ability deep in her mouth, knowing all too well what was to come next.

Genera was writhing uncontrollably, almost unable to bear the intense pleasure and severe pressure inside her enormous cock. "Ohh, god, god! Get ready, Laene," she wailed.

The girl looked at her in shock, for a moment confused and in disbelief. She snapped out of it when Genera roughly pressed her cheek up against Drea's. The more experienced girl surrendered just enough for the two to share.

It was then that the goddess, for the first time, released her divine seed. With a firm jolt it spilled out with a force that made her two worshippers gasp, or rather they sputtered, for the thick pearly fluid filled their mouths, sloshing down onto their persistent hands. The indescribable taste of it had them moaning with delight as instinct took over, guiding them to swallow each successive burst of the sacred substance. 

The excess spilled out, coating Genera's cock thickly, letting their hands rocket up and down smoothly. She was a moaning pile of unintelligible ecstasy, as if her entire being had been sent to a place of rapturous pleasure. To feel each throbbing release, to know that it was contributing to what would be the transformation of Drea and Laene, was gratification on a level she had never before known. ... And it showed no signs of stopping.

To see how potent she had become filled her with pride. She was more beautiful, more sensual, more desirable than any other Aerotian.

Despite the tension in her body she sat up, wanting to see her worshippers receive their first blessing. Their competitive motions had her cum spurting out of her throbbing cock messily, and Drea and Laene were coated from chin to beautiful breast in the thick stuff. With an almost trance-like persistence they still drank, still stroked, occasionally uttering soft moans of delight. 

Their motions were beginning to become ragged and tired, and likewise the voluminous flow was beginning to finally ebb. Laene, the slighter of the two, tore her lips away. "I can't take any more," she whispered.

Genera reached for her, and without hesitation she sprung forward into her embrace, gratefully pressing her glistening lips to Genera's. Still wracked with the ecstasy of climax, Genera distractedly returned that kiss as Drea continued to tend to her cumming cock, drinking down the last of her seed.

Sated, Drea let go, leaving it swaying and running turgidly as she too crawled over to lie at her other side. The goddess turned her head, giving her the same kiss Laene had so wilfully taken.

They laid down against the large bed, and for many delicious moments Genera traded tender kisses with the two girls as they pressed themselves against her divine figure, clinging to her in lusty infatuation. Her cock rested against her torso, the tip slowly drooling residual fluid as it lay between her plump breasts. Their beautiful young bodies slid against her sides, lubricated by the thick coating they had received. 

"So, Drea... Laene," Genera eventually whispered. "Do I have your trust now?"

They nodded silently, staring at her in glassy eyed awe.

"And you will both be my worshippers, as you had vowed to be on my eighteenth birthday?"

"Yes, Genera," Laene said.

She shut her eyes, smiling with satisfaction. "Good."

Chapter 20

Jessica was somewhat amused to realize that during the months that she'd known Genera, she'd never even learned whether or not the young lady could read. Coming from modern civilization she took literacy for granted as a common skill, but Aerotia was a backwards sort of place. Genera was no fool, especially now that she'd been turned goddess, but her environment was what it was.

Nevertheless she chose to hand write her parting note to her. Using the hard cover of a book as a surface, she began to compose her farewell:

Dearest Genera,

It pains me to write you this note, and it pains me even more to have to leave you so suddenly. But I must.

I came to Aerotia meaning to learn how to live amongst humans again, and a chance to do so is what I found. My interactions were almost only with you, but then I thought I would have years to make my slow progress. I was taking my sweet time. Now that you've changed so has my situation here, and I realize I've wasted my time by hiding out in this hut in the forest. It seems if I stay life will become very much like it was at home... for now I will not be able to resist you. Though I do still feel that it is my duty to create more of our kind I would like to experience the world some more before I revisit motherhood. After all, I have an eternity to do so.

Of course I should also congratulate you on your unexpected conversion. You are no longer an imposter! Had I known you'd find a way to tap the goddess' essence from my body I'd have resisted, so I could keep you for myself! But what's done is done.
