 The following is, by a certain definition, a futanari/dickgirl story. It does NOT at any point feature sex with minors (individuals below the age of 18)

Chapter 13

It was a humble abode, merely a large room with her belongings and living essentials thoughtfully arranged throughout. At her request the priestesses had decorated the place in much the same manner they had Genera's room, with fine exotic fabrics draping over most surfaces and filtering the sunlight from her windows. 

While most Aerotians chose to nap through the midday heat, Jessica's new home offered finer ways to pass those sweltering hours. The cool, clear water of her pond, only a few steps from her doorway, was the perfect relief from the rising temperature. 

She rose from her bed and walked barefoot across a lovely rug to the exit. As she reached the doorway she flicked the straps of her gown off of her shoulders, and the light garment fluttered to the floor.

She slowly lowered herself into the water, enjoying the relief of the cool liquid as it caressed her body, cleansing away the morning's sweat. As she kicked off of a rocky outcrop and glided gracefully the sun gleamed off of her creamy skin. She held no qualms toward bathing nude, for her home was a secluded secret place deep in the woods. 

With the permission and assistance of the priestesses she had scouted out her new property, choosing it specifically for that perfect pool of water. It reminded her of a place from her dreams, a place which may or may not have once existed... It was the place where her past lover, Marla Dennis, had first embraced her. It was also the place where together they had completed her transformation, ending her journey from young woman to goddess.

Though those experiences had taken place in some sort of hyper-realistic dream state, what she now had was a reality. It was only because the priestesses were convinced she was bearing Genera's child that she had been granted that perfect solitude. She would have otherwise been confined to the temple with her, pampered and pleasured until a pregnancy had been ensured. The pleasure she wouldn't have minded as much as the pampering... she needed space, and her deception had granted her precisely that. 

She rested her back against the rocky wall of her pond, gazing peacefully at the cozy home they had built her. She, the one true goddess of Aerotia, relished the quiet solitude.

***

Drea had that look in her eye. When she was ready for worship, she always had a certain look. Months ago it was one of eagerness, of excitement to receive the blessings of Aerotia's goddess. She would attend Genera with an intensity that belied her dedication, evidencing her belief that consuming the divine seed would bring the gradual transformation.

After almost half a year she still looked and felt no different, and still the only pleasure she could offer Genera was oral. The thrill was gone, and now worship was more of an act of duty to her. 

That look, Genera had noticed, had changed. She was simply doing her job, to eventually be able to bear her children.

It was a sad reminder to Genera of her secret: she was no goddess. She was simply, somehow, blessed with the improbable physique of one. Despite that, the situation was so sweet that Drea's draining enthusiasm couldn't bring her down. What was not to like, when she had a luscious young companion whose job was to give her pleasure five days a week? 

And what really made keeping the secret so worthwhile was the things she would do when Drea was away. At night Genera would leave the temple, in search of a secret place in the woods, where a firey haired woman awaited her. She, that ageless paragon of beauty and fertility, was the true goddess of Aerotia, and Genera was her sole worshipper.

In response to that look Genera made her way over to her favourite chair. Her clothing, simply a series of fine golden chains around her neck and hips from which purple cloth draped over her lower body and chest, swayed loosely against her. Once seated she parted her legs slightly, and her barely hidden shaft audibly patted down onto the cushioned surface beneath the front flap of her gown. 

Drea walked towards her, swaying her curvy hips beneath the tiny transparent outfit that worshippers wore, intentionally letting her lush chest bounce with each step. As their gazes locked Genera tried not to consider how detached her companion's expression had become.

Wasting not a moment, Drea got to her knees and tossed the front flap of Genera's gown aside. With hands now quite experienced she took that flaccid length, gently teasing up and down as she leaned forward to run her tongue along the tip. Genera sighed, closing her eyes and leaning back against the chair as she waited for that tickling touch to become the pleasure of her arousal.

After a few moments Drea began to feel Genera swell in her hands. Relieved, she doubled her efforts. Genera moaned softly, sensually arching her back as the blood rushed to her cock. Slowly Drea shifted herself back and changed her posture to a higher pose, gaining the distance necessary to keep the end of that growing length in her mouth. With every bit gained her eagerness increased, for one thing that never grew old for her was how impressed she was when Genera was fully hardened.

Genera's eyes opened to the familiar sight of Drea running her open hand up and down her fourteen inches, the tip tucked between two lips which smiled, pleased to see her mistress aroused by her efforts. She returned that smile. After some moments she reached down to give a couple strokes of her own. Seeing this, Drea let go and pulled off her veil-like outfit.

In their familiarity there was little need to speak during worship; actions and calm playful looks sufficed. Drea pushed her chest up toward Genera, who began to drizzle oil from a silver decanter onto her very plentiful young chest. Drea began to massage the smooth fluid into her bosom, her hands smoothly tracing over every curve. Gazing down at that sight, Genera found her cock throbbing hard, eager to be tucked into that soft, slippery canyon. She wondered how much more gorgeous such a body could become if the seed of true goddesses were actually offered.

On her knees, Drea came forward and closed her breasts around Genera's shaft. As she lifted and lowered around her hardness she looked up at her mistress and ran her tongue along her full lips, teasing. Genera moaned softly, becoming ever more turgid. Blissfully she leaned back, awaiting the inevitable sensation of lips again closing around her thick pink head.

"Mmmmh, yes Drea," she groaned. The girl had become an expert at sucking her huge cock. As tonsils tickled tip she could feel just the slightest hint of what was to come, faint whispers of yet another thick load for her to swallow. She laid back, occasionally writhing or deeply exhaling at the sensations of that skilled attention.

Seeking to finish her, Drea crept closer, swinging Genera's shaft in a broad arc to point towards its owner's face. Hovering over her, gravity did some of the work for her by draping her breasts around her seething pole. She slipped a hand into that fleshy nook and firmly stroked up and down, all the while still urging Genera on with deep sucks and strokes of her tongue.

Genera easily passed grateful kisses along Drea's cheeks as she did this, for the dimensions involved put the two young ladies' faces almost level with each other. Drea just steadily pushed on, for the subtle hint of Genera's quickening pulse was urging her towards the inevitable finish.

Suddenly Genera seized, her limbs becoming tense and rigid. She fell back against her chair, and as she stiffly dug her heel into the rug her cock trembled, moments from releasing. Uttering a soft sigh Drea stroked steadily with both hands until the thick seed met her tongue. She swallowed every spurt. She never missed a drop.

In the euphoric haze that followed every climax, Genera gazed down at Drea as she dutifully continued, gathering every last bit of her diminishing load. Her feelings of guilt surfaced as she considered what Drea had become. This was her life now... and it was all for a lie. 

Drea's duties were fulfilled -- Genera was quite depleted. She got up and sashayed over to the bed, where she flopped down onto the pink and violet sheets with a sigh of relief. Genera rose and followed, though her pace was slowed by the offsetting weight of her still semi-hard member. Languidly she settled down beside her.

When the ritual of worship was finished their dynamic usually became much more casual and relaxed. They were, after all, still best friends. Drea was oblivious to Genera's guilt, so the mood for her was in no way soured. Instead she was happy and carefree, for the pressure of her duties were behind her for another night, and she would be able to go home to see her family the next day.

"Drea, do you enjoy being my... worshipper?" 

"Of course. It is the greatest honour for any woman or girl to have my place."

"Yes, it is. But... do you enjoy this?"

She looked at her for a hesitant moment. "...I do."

Genera nodded. Drea was as bad at telling lies as she was at detecting them. 

Chapter 14

Laene was doing her best to keep her cool. Sure, Hector may have promised her that he would spend the evening with her, and yes, it had been more than a week since he had set aside any of his time for her, but she wouldn't let anyone on to the fact that there was a problem. Enough of her friends and family had warned her against spending her time waiting upon the foolish boy. To display her outrage would only give them the satisfaction of knowing they were right.

"Thank you," she said to his mother. "I suppose there isn't many fish out there to catch, so he's been out on the water for longer than we planned. I'll just be going home, then..."

"Alright, dear. I'll tell him you stopped by."

Laene turned and left, feeling foolish for having persisted. The sun had set hours ago, and it was time for her to retire. She'd only hoped it would be in his bed, not her own. The circumstances had left her restless. She would need to walk off her angst, or it would be a sleepless night.

She aimlessly wandered down the ancient paths of the Aerotian capital, kicking up dust as her mind lingered on thoughts of yet another of her careless boyfriend's letdowns. 

Something caught her eye... squinting down the lane, she saw the slender figure of a young woman, slightly tall. Though she clutched one of the brown robes of the priestesses around her the hood was lowered, and there was no mistaking the glint of gold hooped earrings and that long, bushy ponytail of dark curled locks. It was Genera.

Where was she going? The path she was walking led out of the citadel and into the adjacent forest. Laene had nothing better to do and hours until she could sleep, so she followed.

***

Fifteen minutes of silent pursuit had led Laene out of the city and into the woods. She followed Genera along paths that were becoming increasingly less walked, and she was ready to give up and go home when she finally caught sight of a small hut. It was evidently Genera's destination. As her robed figure tugged open the curtains of the doorway the warm glow of candlelight briefly shone upon Laene, so she ducked behind a bush. She watched Genera enter.

Could this have been the rumoured abode of Jessica, that visiting goddess from afar? She had heard stories from others, saying that Genera had impregnated her and she now dwelled in the forest, awaiting the birth of their child. She paid no mind to those stories; the fairy tales of goddesses were beneath her and she was very much grounded in reality. Yet... if the stories were true, she had stumbled upon something secret.

She crept toward one of the windows of that hut and peeked inside. A crack in the drapery afforded her a narrow view of what lay within. It was the motion of two bodies. Slowly, she rose high enough to rest her chin on that windowsill, gaining a clear viewpoint of the spectacle within.

"Mmmh... I thought you'd never arrive. I was waiting here, all by my lonesome..."

"The priestesses were more mindful than usual, so I'm a little late, but I'm here now."

"Good."

Genera had shrugged out of the brown robe, revealing herself to be dressed in her favourite pink sarong. The lovely wrapping began by hugging her full breasts, encircling her hourglass form until mid-thigh. She and Jessica held each other close, and from the hungry looks in their eyes it was plain to see that they had awaited that moment for some time. They kissed gently yet with a steadily increasing passion.

Laene watched Genera step in closer, deliberately brushing her thigh against Jessica's thinly clothed leg. She responded with a gentle sigh, beginning to bite down on her bottom lip hotly. They breathed heavily, their gazes locked in shared looks of desire."Let's not waste any more time, then," she said.

Laene had a clear view of Jessica, who was presently untying a pair of laces that lay at her back. They alone held her black halter top to her incredible chest. It was her first time beholding the pale visitor, and she was struck by the absolute perfection she beheld. The laces came undone, and her top must have been under a lot of stress, for it snapped loose and shot to the ground, revealing a pair of huge breasts that bounced free of their constraint, only to stand round and seemingly weightless against her slender figure. Laene's jaw dropped.

Genera's reaction was immediate. With a helpless sigh she stepped into Jessica, who caught her in her arms as they collapsed upon a modest bed against the wall. She watched them kiss passionately, their hands wandering all over each others' bodies, grabbing indulgently at whatever they could.

Laene was ashamed to be watching them, but she couldn't turn away. They were just so impassioned, so perfect. It was hypnotizing. As she watched Genera's clothes be discarded by Jessica's eager hands she realized that something was amiss: Jessica was very much not showing any signs of pregnancy. There wasn't even the slightest swell to her flat stomach, and furthermore there was nothing in that little house that indicated that a child was meant to be raised there.

How very strange. She watched Genera stand up, the last wrapping of her sarong falling to the floor, revealing her beautiful body. It was all offset by her gargantuan shaft which throbbed hard, standing straight out from her hips to an improbable distance. Laene gulped at the sight, having not beheld it for many months.

Jessica got to her knees before her, her movement leaving her discarded skirt behind, and she took Genera's cock in her mouth. To stroke that length was a full movement of her pale arm, and as Laene beheld Jessica's work she found herself wondering why she hadn't shown the same enthusiasm that one fateful night in her past. Watching from a distance, she saw Genera in a new light. She was a powerful, sensual being whose virility dwarfed every man and boy on their island. She was awed by the spectacle of the two nude women, so perfectly beautiful yet contrastingly different, each one's body blessed in ways that drove the other mad with lust. 

"Oh, oh god, Jessica," she groaned. Jessica wouldn't stop as Genera inched toward the bed, not until she was securely seated, at which point the firey haired woman got up and placed one foot on the mattress. Laene's eyes widened in disbelief as Jessica took aim and began to dip down. The tip of Genera's cock disappeared within her, and the rest of that length was quick to follow. 

The two women shared an impassioned moan as Jessica's rear hit Genera's lap, and Laene was surprised to hear herself quietly do the same. It was entirely involuntary on her part, and she found herself having to come to terms with the fact that she found them so arousing, despite the things she'd said about Genera before.

All that could be heard was the slap of their bodies colliding, the heaviness of their breath. Jessica truly was a goddess, for no mere human could possibly take Genera like she was. The look of pure ecstasy on the goddess's face as she slid down that towering member spoke of gratifications Laene had never felt. She was finally a believer, and with belief came jealousy. 

Unseen in the darkness, there was no reason for Laene not to reach into her skirt. Was it forbidden to watch? No matter; no one would have to know she'd took pleasure in watching Aerotia's goddesses make love. 

Jessica's movements quickened, her poise straightening as she released a heartfelt wail. The sound sent a chill down Laene's spine. Genera smiled, glad to see her pale lover climaxing on her huge cock. She reached out for Jessica's quivering breasts as she continued to fitfully drag herself up and down.

Eventually Jessica stopped. She wrapped her arms around Genera's neck, breathing heavily. As they touched foreheads they shared a giggle, then a gentle kiss. Not a moment later Genera tilted forward and twisted, laying her down on the bed. "Mmmh, yes babe... give it to me," Jessica purred. They were sideways to the window now, letting Laene see everything. In the silent dark, she began to sweat.

Genera wanted to savour the moment, so she made love slowly, pushing herself into Jessica inch by inch. Laene had to cover her mouth, barely stifling a moan. Seeing what pleasures it could bring, she lusted for that awe inspiring tool. 

Jessica gasped as Genera bottomed out. She smoothly raised a long leg and wrapped it around her waist. That previous orgasm had left her terribly sensitive, and as Genera began to assume a slow rhythm each movement brought waves of pleasure through her core. "Ooooh, yes... I'll never get tired of your huge cock, baby."

Oh my god... if only that were me, Laene thought. With her inhibitions forgotten she slid a finger into her slit, sliding it in and out in pace with Genera's slow, steady strokes.

Many moments passed as the goddesses embraced, and Laene worked herself into a hot crescendo. She bit down on the flesh of her thumb, trying her best not to utter a single sound, lest the goddesses hear her through that open window. Not that they weren't preoccupied...

Naughtily, she licked the fluids of her climax off her fingers. Genera was starting to speed up. In that hut romance was turning to animal passion as the pace quickened, the long passes of that shaft causing the two ladies to moan in sweet unison.

With a final sigh Genera buried herself deep, and Jessica held her close as she lay perfectly still, save for the visible throbbing at the base of her cock as she emptied herself into the reclining beauty. "Oh yes, yes, my big girl, give it all me!" Suddenly Genera gasped and jolted, apparently breaking out of the blissful paralysis of her orgasm.

With Genera's heavy breath well audible they gently kissed. Their lips parted and Genera started to pull out. Laene shuffled forward, wanting another look at her, for by then it it'd been too long since she'd enjoyed the sight of her full length. As she slowly continued to draw herself out some of her cum left Jessica with her, dripping onto the bed as it glisteningly coated her. Once fully removed she laid back, still gasping for air, her slightly softened cock flopping wetly against her torso as she went.

Jessica smoothly got up, and with a catlike grace crawled toward Genera. She traced her hand up her dark leg until she caught a handful of her sac. Her hold slid further up, gathering the creamy coating as that long shaft slipped through her grasp. "Mmmm," she purred as she lifted its tip to her mouth and began to stroke the hardness back into her.

Genera groaned, the sensation of Jessica's persistence almost too much to bare. Laene found herself snapping out of a trance as Genera's rigidity slowly returned. It looked like those two weren't done yet, and she wouldn't have been surprised if they would go all night. It was time for her to leave though. She had seen enough and it was extremely late, so she quietly got to her feet and made her way home.
