 Aeriella was a young female elf. Her hair was light blond and long, reaching beyond her shoulder blade; she often tied some of it into fancy braids. As elves go she was tall, 180 centimetres to be exact, but unlike other females of her species she was really curvaceous. Her hips were round and full and her breasts big and firm, she was proud not only of her large D-cups, but also how stiffly they stood, not sagging at all. Her waist was incredibly slim, giving her an amazing hourglass figure, and her legs were as long as they could be, slender but strong. She kept her body toned, regularly exercising; she was fit, strong and flexible. She could easily do the splits and stay in that position for a long time. But there was nothing physical to her job, Aeriella worked as an apprentice to a sorceress - a dark elf named Laerinia.

The elf had an exquisitely beautiful face, it combined the delicateness common to her race with a bit of unique sharpness to her features, one might say there was even something mildly predatory in her look. Aeriella's eyes were large, round and purely blue, her cheekbones were high and well emphasized, but they did not dominate the face, her nose was slender and proportionate, her lips full and round, larger than usual for an elf. What was usually hidden from the sight was Aeriella's uncommonly long tongue, she could easily touch her own chin or nose; that feature was useful in lovemaking.

The blonde was not as powerful at wielding magic as her mistress, but she was capable and often worked for her own purposes. This was one of those times.

Aeriella planned to summon a demon. Not just any demon, this one's name was Oanaelur, he served the god of lust Slaanesh and his seed was an extraordinarily powerful ingredient. That seed was what Aeriella wanted to acquire.

She prepared everything - the circle of protection, the spell of summoning and... herself. To get the seed from Oanaelur she would have to have sex with him. While it was not that uncommon for sorceresses to sate their lust by copulating with demons, some level of preparation was necessary. Demons were well endowed, vicious and well known for their amazing stamina.

Aeriella used a magical lubricant, one that could last for a whole day, to make sure she would not get any abrasions. She also cast a spell on herself to allow her sexual organs to stretch, so she could accommodate demon's huge member. Elf also used a special pheromone that would make her exceptionally attractive to the demon; the pheromone had a side effect which made the user sexually aroused. But that was fine, no-one said a sorceress could not get pleasure from her work.

The apprentice prepared not only the magical side. She was going to spend a lot of time lying on her back being ravaged by a demon, so she made sure she had a comfortable position. It also had to make her easily available for Oanaelur. Elf set it up the way that would make it easy to collect all of demons seed afterwards.

When all was prepared, Aeriella stipped naked in her chamber and began chanting the spell. Shortly a misty shape began to form; it was huge, easily over two meters tall and incredibly muscular. The demon quickly materialized in a solid form. When Aeriella finished her enchantment Oanaelur was standing in all his glory before her. Just like the elf he was naked. Its dark brown skin glistened in the chamber's dim light. He had a roughly chiseled face with a grim expression, but when he inhaled lust began to appear in his look. Sorceress wanted to maintain eye contact, but could not help not to shoot a quick glance at the demons crotch. His penis was still soft, but even now the elf could tell it was massive; and his testicles were even bigger, disproportionately big. Oanaelur had the size of a exceptionally big man, but his testicles were at least five times as big. 

When Aeriella looked back into demons face, it was pure lust. She quickly moved to her elevated bed, lied down and spread her long legs. That was all the invitation Oanaelur needed, in two swift strides he was at her bed, but to the elf's surprize he knelt down before her and put his head between her legs. She could hear his loud inhale as once more the demon basked in her enchanted scent. Oanaelur made a low growl, then stick out his tongue. His head was not too low yet, so Aeriella could see it and she was amazed by it; the tongue was long and snake-like. The demon seemed to be more agile with it, than a fiddler with his fingers. The elf was getting hot at the same thought what Oanaelur could do with it. She did not realize that such a hastily reaction of her body might have been the result of pheromones overdose.

The demon did not let her wonder too long, right after he inhaled her scents, it stuck out its tongue and began licking the elfs tender parts. Aeriella issued a loud moan, the demon's tongue felt better than any other cunnilingus she had experienced. But Oanaelur was not sensitive and gentle, quite the opposite, he was rough and soon added fingers to play; the elf was soaking wet in no-time. She was moaning and gasping, and before she knew it she reached an orgasm. Aeriella made a loud scream, arched her back and clenched her vaginal muscles while demons fingers and tongue were still inside of her. Oanaelur kept the play until the elf's cries softened, then he drew out his fingers and stood up. Now Aeriella could see his penis in its full glory, it stood erect and must have been easily over a thirty centimetres long, it was as thick as elf's tiny fists. Aeriella had been fisted before and used her stretching spell, but still was a little afraid. 

Oanaelur did not let her fear long, almost immediately he shoved the head of his penis inside the elf. After he enjoyed her tightness for a short while, he pushed the rest of his enormous penis in. Aeriella made a very loud moan, but the demon did not give her time to catch her breath, he instead started to pound her hard and fast right away. With each thrust he withdrew almost his entire huge penis, leaving only the head and then shoved it back violently. The whole time he firmly held the elf by her hips. Grunts and cries escaped elf's mouth the whole time. It was not lovemaking, it was not even sex, she was being FUCKED. It was rough, violent and moderately painful, but at the same time it was insanely pleasurable. Right now she did not care how sore she was going to feel later.

In, out, in, out. Demons scrotum hitting the elf each time. He was stretching her soooo gooood. In, out, in, out. Like a machine. Warm, pulsating, vicious machine.

Aeriella did not know how much time have passed, while Oanaelur fucked her tirelessly, it was something between a moment and an eternity. In reality it was slightly over half an hour before she had another orgasm. She cried with her whole lungs and clenched her vaginal muscles once more, this orgasm was even stronger and lasted longer than the previous. Her insides tried to squeeze the monstrous and tremendously hard penis with all their might. But despite that the demon kept going with the same fury. Elfs orgasm ended, but Oanaelur was not done yet, he let out a loud roar and fucked her even more furiously. Aeriella felt like he was going to tear her apart despite her protective magic. But she endured, both pain and pleasure were still there.

It took two more hours of savage fucking and several elven orgasms before the demon finally ejaculated. It was during Aeriella's own climax, when her vagina was clenching the penis with all the might it had left. The gigantic penis stiffened, Oanaelur gave a roar even louder than previous ones and the elf felt her womb being filled with warm seed. Huge testicles kept pumping the fluid endlessly, her abdomen began to swell, but her magic prepared her for that as well. The demon kept his whole penis inside the entire time, holding elfs hips in steel embrace. When he eventually finished Aeriella looked as if she was pregnant, her body bulging from the seed that filled her. Oanaelur withdrew his penis with a loud smack, his semen began to ooze out of elf's body. The demon smiled...

Aeriella finally caught her breath and returned to senses, something was wrong. Not only that smile... but... why the demon was not returning to his plane of existence? He should be gone right after his climax! Yet, he was still here. Elven apprentice began to fear for real.

Oanaelur did not behave like he was going anywhere. His penis was slowly becoming soft again, but he did not lose his interest in elf's body. He moved his huge palms all over Aeriella's skin, touching and groping her. He was not gentle, but did not cause her pain either, maybe this was demons way of caressing. Oanaelur was mostly interested in elf's breasts, groping them like toys, he also played with her nipples, pinching and pulling them. It was a bit painful, but Aeriella enjoyed it nevertheless; even his sucking and biting her nipples was not all that bad. Sorceress never stopped being aroused and at this point it was not the fault of overdosing the aphrodisiac, she was truly enjoying this rough lovemaking with the demon. Oanaelur also paid a lot of attention to her long legs, groping and licking her thighs and even sucking on her toes, but what brought the elf the biggest pleasure was when he again used his tongue on her clitoris. In no-time Aeriella was having another orgasm which pushed some of the demons semen out of her insides.

When Oanaelur stood up again, elf could not help but notice that his penis was again erect. So there was going to be a second round; the sorceress hoped, she could endure it. Demon stuck two of his fingers deep inside her vagina and fingered her for a while; it would be an understatement to call it a foreplay, because his two fingers were thicker than even a big penis of a man. Oanaelur spread his digits wide and some more of his seed oozed out. When he withdrew his fingers they were both soaking wet from the pair's mixed fluids. Aeriella gasped at what he did next, he used his soaked fingers to lubricate her other hole. Elf immediately knew what was coming and she was not prepared for that. Yes, her protective spell would save her from abrasions in her rectum as well, but she did not cast the stretching spell there.

- No. Don't - she protested. Her voice was weak, but she was sure Oanaelur heard her, his wicked smile confirmed that.

There was no need to lubricate demons penis, it could not get any wetter. Demon was quickly satisfied with his job, he withdrew his fingers and almost immediately shoved his penis as replacement. He did it as decisively as previously with elf's vagina; Aeriella cried out loudly, Oanaelur enjoyed that sound for a short while, then started moving his hips back and forth. He did not give the elf any time to adapt, he was not gradually picking up his tempo, he simply started to fuck her hard and fast. Demon was merciless with Aeriella's hole and clearly satisfied with his own ruthlessness. Oanaelur despite his furious tempo made sure to withdraw his penis almost entirely with each thrust and to shove it back hard and deep so that his crotch would hit elf's buttocks. Her legs had to be spread wide to allow demons bulk to fit between them.

Aeriella kept grunting in rhythm with Oanaelur's thrusts, there was nothing she could do to stop the onslaught, so she tried to enjoy it. She liked anal sex, not as much as vaginal, but she could find pleasure in it; she even could orgasm from it more often than not. This time was different because of demon's size and violence, it was reasonably painful and mildly pleasing at the same time. 

Ah! Ah! Ah! The pounding continued endlessly. Minutes turned into quarters, quarters into an hour, but Aeriella lost the count of time long ago. There was just the demon stretching her without mercy nor any signs of fatigue. 

Two hours later she was close to losing her senses when an orgasm hit her. Hit was the right word, because it was more powerful and violent than any of the previous ones Oanaelur gave her. She cried loudly, both her vaginal and rectal muscles clenching tightly, she arched her back and tightened the muscles of her thighs, her legs now spread in full splits. The pressure she created on demons penis was too much for him, Oanaelur erupted for the second time that evening. His penis was completely buried in elf's rectum when he started ejaculating, his orgasm was as long as the previous one and he must have shot the same volume of semen. Aeriella could feel her insides stretching even more, as they were filled with demons seed. 

When their orgasms eventually ended Oanaelur penis was still inside her, not getting soft yet. Demon seemed to enjoy stretching elf's insides and causing her discomfort, then his form began to turn bleary. Oanaelur was finally returning to his own plane. Within few seconds Aeriella was alone in her chamber, she was utterly exhausted. Her whole body was sore, her muscles ached, an endless streak of semen was oozing from her stretched rectum and there was nothing she could do about it, she could not clench her rectal muscles and most likely was not going to be able to do it until tomorrow. She also could not move, even lifting her little finger was too big of a challenge. But that did not worry her that much, she got what she had wanted - a large supply of extremely valuable demon's seed. She will be able to cast many powerful spells with it; the elf would be lying to herself, if she claimed that it had not pleasurable. Rough and painful - true, but still insanely enjoyable.

Sorceress was not able to get off the bed for over an hour, she had a lot of time to think about the evening that had just passed. Not only the wild sex, but the magical side of things most of all. Why did the demon not disappear after his first orgasm? He still had semen in his testicles, that was true, but it should not matter. It was the ejaculation that was supposed to trigger his recall. Did she made a mistake in her spell? Aeriella recalled all her words and gestures, perfect memory was something that a sorceress had to possess. All seemed proper... so maybe it was something else... an intrusion perhaps? No. A word. She made a mistake! A big one. HUGE MISTAKE! 

- NOOOOO!! - the elf cried in the empty chamber.

Aeriella summoned the wrong demon, it was not Oanaelur that fucked her mercilessly for several hours. She chanted his name incorrectly and summoned a demon named Oanaelour, this one was better endowed, had a stronger sex drive and a lot higher stamina, but his semen was useless as an ingredient. Aeriella got fucked for free. All she was left with were the memories of pleasure and body-wrecking orgasms.